<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/29/2014,107,302,4,12,10>My bf & I were deciding what to eat one late night & I stumbled on this place on yelp. He already had it bookmarked so it was like an instant agreement for dinner. Easy peasy. I had dinner at an Afghan restaurant in livermore called Roya and I was obsessed...but I didn't want to drive almost an hour just to get afghan food. The dish that got me there was the Kadu. & Thank sweet baby Jesus, Kabul has Kadu.The Kadu is excellent, it's a sweet pumpkin dish covered in meat & yogurt sauce. Savory, sweet, tart...i'm salivating. I also got the combination kebab dish (lamb & chicken). Ask for your red meat medium rare if you like your kebabs to be super tender. They cook it perfectly. I was fearing the chicken would be dry, but it wasnt. The meat was flavorful & very tender. The serving is huge. It's enough for me to eat two solid meals. I ALWAYS look forward to my leftovers...:)The ambiance is nice, clean, and service is overall pretty good.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/28/2014,257,203,6,6,8>YUM YUM YUM! I love this place. I have been here a few times, both for party orders, and they do NOT disappoint! You can even call in the order, let them know the time you will arrive, and everything will be fresh and ready for you!The eggrolls were hot, fresh, and delicious. Seriously, I got enough so that people could have 5 each and people did the Hoover maneuver and they were gone in a flash! I also have purchased the pot stickers from here. Same thing, they were a total hit. I will definitely be coming back to try out some of their other food. But if you have a hankering for a delicious, crispy, flavorful eggroll, THIS, my friends, is the place for you!*** CASH ONLY SO BE PREPARED!*** Parking on Lafayette is a bit dicey (especially if you are trying to back out of the parking lot during rush hour)... if you come here during start/end work day times, park on the side street!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,9/27/2014,948,916,8,12,11>Fact: We love Mediterranean/Middle Eastern/Persian/Afghan cuisine. Meat on a stick!!! How can you go wrong?! I had the Beef Kabobs. Juicy. Hubs had the Chicken Kabobs. Also very juicy. They know what they're doing here.I checked in on yelp and saw I was entitled to a free baklava. I decided to wait and finish my meal before getting up to request it, but the guy beat me to the punch! He brought it to me. How did he know!?!? lol. Amaze balls. There must be some Yelpy thing that notifies business owners whenever a guest checks in. Anyway. Check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,9/26/2014,175,149,2,10,7>I called ahead to make an appointment at 6PM with a girlfriend of mine.  We arrived there on time and had a bit of a wait because they were short staffed.  After we were seated in the spa chairs, we both got our pedicures and then our manicures done.  I had waxing service on top of that.  What I really liked about this place was that it was nice and quiet and very clean.  The ladies were absolutely nice and took their time on the both of us.  We felt relaxed after a long day at work, which was great!Also, the lady said that if you come 3 or more times, you'll get your own box.  That's pretty cool, you know for sure that they'll keep it clean and only you will be the one using it.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,9/25/2014,99,88,17,14,7>My new favorite place!!I personally prefer this place over Mission peak.. Most definitely. 1- it's a closer drive and so much easier to find parking. I know mission peak can be a pain with parking.2.- it's not a continuous steep hill. There are multiple trails that'll trick ya! At some point in the hike, the trail would be very easy..I started getting cocky like " ugh, easy sleezy hike..." And then BAM!!!!!! Slap in the face with a steep ass trail! .. Nobody even warned a sista! =[3.- shade!! I came at 330pm when the sun was most devilish. luckily, there was a good amount of shade that kept me from burning off.4.- this place is freaking huge! My friends and I got lost and ended up doing another 3 miles more than we anticipated.. No regrets though, my beyonce thighs are looking like sooner than later.Overall- It was really enjoyable and rewarding. Remember to grab a map! There are lots of trails and could be confusing. Happy hiking. =o))
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,9/24/2014,331,287,4,12,8>Fiancé and I was shopping next door and saw Snow Lounge just opened last month so we took a peek inside.  The place is pretty tiny with a couple of chairs but we saw they had the snow which I noticed is recently becoming more popular in the area. It's not like a snow cone, with sugary syrup water on top.  It's actually flavored ice that is shaved very thinly in layers to create a light, airy texture. We decided to get a small $2.95, which comes with one topping. A syrup is an additional 25 cents and any additional topping is 50 cents. Toppings ranged from sliced fruits, candies, typical toppings you find at a froyo place. We chose strawberry flavored with mochi topping and condensed milk. The size was a good amount for the two of us to share. We easily could've eaten more but we wanted to give it try first.Verdict: It was very good! I like that the snow was not bland, it had a lot of flavors similar to ice cream. You could taste the strawberry flavors and interestingly, it had a milky taste to it. It's a good alternative to ice cream because it feels lighter and a good change if you're a froyo fan. What's interesting is that the woman working there didn't know if there was milk in the ice, especially good to know for customers that may be lactose intolerant.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,9/23/2014,614,259,20,13,11>The thing about the House of Genji is that it rocks.Ya know. It rocks, totally rocks.The chefs here always puts on a freakin show... and there always seems to be one birthday boy/girl. The waitstaff is dope beyond control, and super chill.Here's the skinny/scoop/dealio: order the chicken and filet mignon (medium rare) with fried rice. What will happen when you do? Oh y'know, sex. In your mouth. These chefs will be f*cking around, throwing eggs in your mouth, rice in your mouth, and throw you a bowl of fried rice only to throw it into another bowl... I MEAN WTF. They make a flaming pyramid of onions, turn the lights on and off and start humping the table, and tell you they think about you at night.The mushroom soup is SLAMMIN dope. The salad is off the HOOK. These guys cook up bean sprouts with just the right amount of soy sauce and serve it to you steaming hot yo. The chefs be cutting off prawn tails and tossing it into their hats. WTF COOL YO.In all seriousness, this is a great environment for people who enjoy food as much as watching food be cooked. These guys are a master at their craft, and they work especially hard to make their guests feel welcomed, entertained, and full.Oh, and at the end, you can get ice cream, complementary with the meal.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/22/2014,626,433,11,16,14>BUBBIES!!Every time I go to Hawaii, I have to go to Bubbies there. They specialize in mochi ice cream (pounded sticky rice filled with ice cream). I was sad going back home because I thought the only place you could get them on the Mainland was Whole Foods. And the Bubbies there are always totally frost bitten since they don't cycle fast enough. And there's only two flavors at the most. But... Jimbo's is here to save the day!Not only do they serve temperature correct Bubbies (just let them thaw a few minutes), they have tons of flavors! Mango, lychee, green tea, coffee... just to name a few. And they always have a flavor of the month. Their flavor for March is Mint Oreo. So good! But not only that, they also serve Marianne's ice cream from Santa Cruz! Woo hoo!They also make their own sweet and savory trail mix. And their homemade butter mochi is a treat! There's even BEER here. Whaaaat?? =O Count me in!Such a cute ice cream shop. Great for anyone with a sweet tooth!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,9/21/2014,77,292,6,9,8>This is a great place for a team-building event.  We went here with a group of 10 people and had access to two courts.  The facilities are really well-maintained, and on a warm, sunny day, it's nice to enjoy bocce ball on the outdoor courts.  The food here is fine, and the appetizers like the calamari give you something to munch on and socialize over while you're waiting for your turn.  For a team event, it's also reasonably priced and would probably fit most budgets.The parking lot is small, but no one complained about parking (we met there about 11am).
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,9/20/2014,1261,428,5,9,8>My absolute favorite South Bay Ike's location. I love the layout of this Ike's, it definitely has tons of tables to  accommodate most of the people dining in. The employees are also super nice and willing to make your Ike's experience incredible by being super quick, efficient, and create perfect hand crafted sandwiches. They totally don't mind customizing your order either. For some reason this is the only Ike's  that I find to taste exactly like the original location in the Castro. Whenever I bite into my favorite sandwich, the Spiffy Tiffy, it reminds me of the the first time I fell in love with Ike's in San Francisco. No other Ike's has given me that satisfaction thus far. Overall, if you're in downtown San Jose, don't hesitate to come grub at Ike's for the most epic sandwich of your entire life.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2009,7/5/2010,1167,294,8,13,11>Babycinnos! And free! What are 'babycinnos'? Well, "pretty much hot chocolate in a little tiny cup", the barista explains. So I say, why not? Especially since they're FREE.Maybe I caught these guys on a bad night, but they I think their personalities were hijacked by some dry robotic drones. I guess I can understand, it's a Friday. So I try to make some light jokes, etc. Maybe because I've worked retail before, but I felt like I took some abuse more than they did. Don't they want tip? IDK. They weren't necessarily rude, mean...just not hospitable I guess. Bad vibes. So I start off with that, get a chai latte, my companion orders a canoli and italian soda. The babycinnos were YUMMO! I wished they served them piping hot-but they were so cute in their little itty bitty cup and saucers. They weren't super chocolately either. I will definitely ask for 5 more next time I come around.The hot chai latte was alright. Couldn't taste any spice.Canoli was alright. I haven't had any good canoli to have any standard on what is acceptable. Maybe canolis are overrated.Loved the chill environment. Free wifi, lots of random reading material, and a upper loft area for more seating.They serve wine, beer, and have drink specials. They don't serve ginger ale (I asked for it), but have an assortment of beverages.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2010,7/4/2010,626,433,6,8,9>I'm always on the search for the perfect thin crust pizza and this place is pretty close!First off, beware of how crowded this place can get! On the weekend the wait for dinner is about 45 - 60 minutes! Crazy for just pizza some may think. But this isn't your ordinary pizza!Say "Good Bye!" to your boring pepperoni pizza and say "Hello!" to more exciting pizzas! I totally suggest the potato, caramelized and truffle oil pizza. It has layers of thinly sliced potatoes along with sweet caramelized onions with a drizzle of truffle oil on top. I don't know about you, but anything with truffle oil is always an A+ in my book! I would also suggest their pear, garlic and cream cheese pizza (if it's still on their menu). This pizza might be seasonal only. It seems like an odd combination but it's excellent! It has just the right sweetness to saltiness.Instead of calling for delivery, get dressed and come here! It's definitely worth the drive! =)
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,7/3/2010,481,1032,11,13,11>Who likes Cheesecake?!  *crowd roars*  What a silly question... most ppl like cheesecake.  Well today, after getting my nails done at Redmond Nails, I stumbled upon Charlie's Cheesecake Works... and what a nice surprise it was.   :)Charlie was really nice.  I had a few questions which he answered and then... he gave me a sample of his key lime cheesecake popper.  It was delicious!  Then he showed me his super cute party box... it's gonna be a 'must take' to my next party outting.  Why?  Because the cheesecake poppers are delicious, the perfect size, and it's nice knowing that I'll be spoiling my friends with handmade treats that are made with all-natural real California cream cheese. Charlie's Poppers 6 pc $5.7512 pc $9.5035 pc party pack $24.00105 pc party pack $67.00Charlie's 9" Cheesecake (serves 16)  $29.95Charlie's Bambinos (4oz individual cheesecakes) $3.25They FedEX ship to anywhere or would be great for parties.Can't wait to get back and try the other flavors!  He has 31 regular flavors and 9 seasonal flavors listed.  Might take me a while but, I think I can do it!!!  My first 5 picks will be Chocolate Turtle, Key Lime Coconut, Mango, Raspberry, and Snickers!  He also offers muffins, cinnamon rolls, croissants and Starbucks coffee.Even his lil 3 mice logo is cute!See ya there!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,7/2/2010,891,338,10,15,12>Before even calling Dr. Le, I messaged two Yelpers who had photofacials with Dr. Le (both really pretty girls with great reviews) who raved and told me everything about Dr. Le. When I first met Dr. Le, and mentioned them, he was instantly familiar with them. I hope if you go and mention me and are happy, then this pattern will continue : ) but not too much bc I still want to get an appointment with Dr. Le : PDr. Le is one of the most caring, accessible (who gets to speak with their physician face to face for more than 5'?) (Dr. Le will spend 10x the amount of time with you), sharp, hard working, and an superstar in the making physician, I have met. I'd say he is 1 out of perhaps 4 or 5 in my lifetime that are like this (see above) out of 100. Dr. Le performed a photofacial for me. In the last 2-3 years, my freckles had become, larger freckle monster islands across my cheeks. You know, the dreaded melasma or age spots or freckle units that become sprawling suburban tracts on your cheeks. My mother came with me to my first appointment to carefully eagle eye Dr. Le with his laser. Dr. Le put her right at ease.. and to convey the results I've had, my mom is now a patient to be at Dr. Le's! Photofacial: put lidocaine on face, lay on table, close eyes, 5-10' of rubber band snapping laser (Dr. Le does this) with a cooling fan after each zap. The laser targets the melanin below and there is no burning or actual treatment to the skin. I had about 4 million and it was not a big deal. Around the eyes was the most sensitive, but Dr. Le doesn't even treat there. Ok, back to Dr. Le.. he does not treat what he thinks will not do well. He has trained to care for patients (remember, guys, 4+ years of medical school, plus the residency and preparation in the first 21 years of your life = do no harm, empathy, hard working, and caring). **After, he graciously gave me an ample sized selection (full sized products) of his skin care/healthy products line. wooo! **He created all his products and everything is named for his daughter, Vienna, who is an absolute darling little girl. You can tell how proud he is to work hard to build something for his family and provide beauty services, health services ,and everyday every person patient care. He sees his regular family care patients and patients for photofacials, laser hair removal, diet and exercise planning, and all the fancy injectables, Botox, Juvee, etc... the same ones I noticed when I was at the Blue Cocoon Med Spa and Gentle Star Med Spa for much much less. I would say, a little more than 50% less. After using Dr. Le's sunscreen (better than Shiseido sunscreen) and my photofacials, my skin looks great, still me with brighter cheeks! I also picked up Latisse on the way out for $40 cheaper than I was paying before. yahoo!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,7/1/2010,312,467,9,14,14>My roommate had been raving about this place for about a year now and every so often takes the food home. Always smelled so good. So, I decided to have it one day. I've read some of the reviews and thought a few Yelpers were confused, but they were right this restaurant serves Mexican food here. They only have tacos & burritos, and all the meat is halal. They also have a halal butcher in the back where people can buy their meats to prepare meals at home. I think the concept is fabulous. It appeals to the general public, who don't necessarily need to eat halal meat. The gentleman who took my order suggested I purchase the Lamb Tikka Kabob. I've mentioned in my other reviews that I'm not quite a fan of kabobs. But let me just clarify, I'm not a fan of Persian style kabobs. Their Afghan & Turkish style kabobs are definitely more to my liking. Their kabobs are ground meats mixed with various types of vegetables and spices, usually served over Afghan rice. All of their food is made to order, so there is a bit of a wait. You can also tell them how you'd like to have your kabob prepared: medium or well-done are the usual options. I got mine medium so that it would be a little juicy in the middle. The area is very small, so I would suggest ordering your food to-go. When I came home, I dipped right into my Lamb Tikka Kabob. It was delicious, I couldn't stop eating it. The vinaigrette that came with the meal was a mix of yogurt, cilantro and I guess vinegar if I had to guess. Very great sauce to go with your meal. You might want to ask for extra sauce on the side because it is a large kabob. I didn't get to finish mine in one sitting. And I can eat! The day after, the meal was still good and in all actuality I had no more sauce yet and it tasted even better without it. I would definitely suggest this place to anyone and everyone. This is a great place to come and eat kabobs. The Afghan rice is also another favorite of mine. The menu suggests that their meals come with naan, I actually didn't have any. But it would have been a nice healthier alternative to the rice. But the rice was sooo good, no complaints here that I didn't get the naan.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,6/30/2010,1596,841,19,20,19>I kind of got swindled into watching Chinese propaganda in form of an extravaganza of historical Chinese performing arts. I would go into it more, but I'm afraid of mysteriously disappearing... Aside from the cheesy show, the many jabs at the corruption of the Chinese government, and constant reminders of this particular group's political and religious stand, the venue itself is very nice. It felt somewhat surreal to be sitting in a contemporary theater watching lotus blossoms and chariots of fire flashing around on a projector screen in the background.I carefully avoided the people walking around with video and tape recorders that were gathering commentary to quote in support of their show. Kind of lame, imo, to corner someone and ask about their thoughts for publication. Who's going to say they don't like what they are watching in the middle of the show in front of a bunch of people? Anyways, I'm reviewing the venue, which is nice and has a unique shape. Lots of ramps, so you kind of feel tilted if you're standing outside or headed to the bathroom. Parking is a bit of a pain, but it's downtown SJ, so there are parking garages nearby. They recommend you park near the Children's Discovery Museum, or the hotel that's nearby. All they need now is food!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2009,6/29/2010,615,556,16,17,15>I can still taste the buttery goodness of my BBQ Tri Tip sandwich!We were excited to check this spot out and came right in the midst of the lunch hour rush. After 1:30, it quieted down considerably.As far as my sandwich, the meat was perfectly cooked and oh so tender. My girlfriend's Prime Rib French Dip (which I happily sampled) had great flavor and the au jus was heavenly. Both sandwiches were less than $8 each, making this a great stop for some super fresh, super meaty sandwiches. Be forewarned that these are buttery, soft rolls--not hard toasted ones. Also, the BBQ sauce on the tri tip sandwich is very mild and not very tangy. Go for the French Dip if this is your first time. It's super rich though, so be prepared to share or take some home for later. Definitely an awesome lunch spot in Sunnyvale!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,6/28/2010,534,573,11,15,14>Decadent, luscious and down right YUMMY! We came by Artisan Candies Grand Opening event was able to sample and taste some of the most wonderful confections I've ever experienced. I've never been a big on marshmallows - but after having Artisan Candies rocky road, I think I've become a convert. Each bite was divine - next thing I realized, I ended eating the whole thing! I need to pace myself so that I can try more! Kristen and Dean Scott have perfected their confectionary craft with a wonderful assortment of chocolates, caramels and marshmallow goodness.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,6/27/2010,222,319,8,10,10>Being that it's called Penguin FROYO, I have yet to try their signature item. I always seem to be distracted by the plethora of choices they offer. From crepes to gelato to coffee, it makes it difficult to just focus on getting the froyo. I've tried their gelato, which I ordered in a small size ($4) and chose the blackberry sorbetto along with the bavarian mint. I wasn't too enthused by the blackberry sorbetto as it was as smooth in texture as I thought it would be and it was interlaced with blackberry goo. Yes goo. It tasted like blackberry but felt like a runny caramel in texture. Quite peculiar and unexpected. The bavarian mint was thoroughly enjoyable. It tasted like a York peppermint patty. It is a flavor I would definitely order again.On another visit, I had their Mayan Hot Chocolate in a small size ($2.15). It is definitely hot. In temperature only. Along the Scoville scale it barely hits the starting line, which is what I was told before I ordered. There is a tickle in spiciness in the back of the throat after you've swallowed the chocolate elixir. It was soothing and comforting on a rain-soaked afternoon. There are plenty of comfortable seating areas to relax in and enjoy the treats Penguin has to offer. Bring your laptop or any Wi-Fi enabled device and surf the internet because it's free at Penguin. Or you can just sit there with a friend, a relative, or someone you just met there and have a great conversation.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,6/26/2010,299,340,13,23,20>Less than an hour's drive from the heart of Silicon Valley, Love Apple Farms is the antidote to our harried, technology-filled lives. Be warned that your cell phone probably won't work here, but that's fine, since LAF is all about getting back to nature--and even taking a little bit of nature home with you.Owner Cynthia Sandberg grows the organic produce for Michelin-starred Manresa restaurant in Los Gatos, but she also sells plants that people can take home to start their own vegetable gardens. My friend and I drove up through the beautiful Santa Cruz Mountains with one goal in mind: tomato plants! After being inundated with tomatoes a few years ago after I got a little plant-happy, I was determined to limit myself to three plants. However, after seeing the nearly 100 varieties of heirloom tomato plants on offer, I allowed myself a little leeway. In the end, I came away with five plants/varieties (Enrico, Hawaiian Pineapple, Julia Child, Berkeley Tie-Dye, and Top Sirloin). I would have bought more (Texas Star and Love Apple Farms) but they had sold out. My friend bought 16 plants in all! Guess she'll be having her own little Tomatina fest at the end of summer. :)We also enjoyed wandering around the farm, soaking in the sunshine. There were numerous raised planting beds, plus a large area devoted to the farm's resident chickens and a pig. In addition to teaching classes on growing tomatoes and other veggies, LAF also offers courses on chicken-keeping.If you have any interest in vegetable gardening, be sure to check out the website at growbetterveggies.com. It's full of useful tips, including Cynthia's step-by-step instructions on planting your tomatoes for the best results. Let's just say that fish heads, egg shells, and bone meal play a big role!I'm looking forward to seeing my own garden grow over the next few months, but I'll be tempted to visit LAF again. Currently, they're selling tomato plants on Tuesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. through May 30 (or while supplies last). Plants are $3.50 a piece, but prices drop to $3.25 per plant if you buy more than 20. Cash, check, and credit cards are accepted.Update 6/26/10: I recently heard that LAF is in the process of moving to a larger property in Santa Cruz, so check the website when planning your visit.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,4/5/2009,1260,803,24,30,26>Located in the Mabury area (near the San Jose Flea Market), Jasmine Thai is a great addition to the busy ethnic plaza and the Berryessa community.Since it's on the way home from work, I've been doing the "take out" thing.    I had thoughts about hosting a UYE dinner here, but the place is way too small for 30+ people and other diners here.  I like the interior décor because it's very homely - deep cherry and black chairs with matching dining tables, natural brown tiles, peach walls with lovely decors, and the trademark white jasmine flowers tying in the theme of the restaurant.   Surprising the up keep for this new restaurant has been great - always clean and bright.   As you know, most Asian food places can be quite grungy.    While waiting for my take out order, I find myself wondering what a quiet dinner would be like here as I am attracted to the deep red napkins and dark charcoaled dishes.   Yellow Chicken CurrySo far the take out time has been 15 minutes or less.   Tender chicken with spicy curry sauce has been my comfort food during my cold & flu season.   Since I have been a returning customer, I've been getting more chicken than potatoes and vegetables.   That's always a big plus for me - Nothing to complain about and such a reasonable price at $7.25.Drunken Thai Noodles with BeefPerfectly spiced!   At my age, I have to watch my spice intake (except when I'm having a cold).   The noodles, bell peppers, onions, and beef danced gracefully with fresh sweet basil.  The basil is the main ingredient here.    I am drawn towards this dish and applaud the mother of the owner for the first taste test.   This is big recommend and alternative to the Pad Thai or the fried rice.Honey BBQ BeefBe gentle of the sweet chili sauce with beef.    I have already found myself drowning the tasty BBQ beef in the sauce.    This BBQ dish is very tender and easy to enjoy without the help of the knife.    Not oily, I am putting this a favorite during my diet routines for 2009.Notes:  - Please do not confuse this place with the Santa Clara Jasmine Thai in Santa Clara.   They are two separate owners / restaurants.   - There are now three competing Thai restaurants in my area.   I can't say which one is number one, but I like them all. - Parking: Since the parking lot is very small, this will be your only difficultly during lunch.   However, evening parking is better.- Maximum seating here is 40.- They accept debit and credit cards.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,4/3/2009,192,216,17,19,19>This is where AMAZING happens! All soon to be parents should do this!!! We agree that it's totally worth it... We were referred to do the 4D Imaging from my GF's 2 satisfied friends (thx Gen & Ellen). We were given the heads up on what to expect (and not to absolutely keep get our hopes up) on the initial visit because it ALL depends if your baby wants to "show off". We had a very smooth, happy, and successful session on the first try. Our technician was a bit emotionless. But she was nice, results oriented, and helpful. She even typed some sayings on the print outs as she picked the good shots. We got teary when we actually saw our baby's dimples. The office is located in a standard medical building. BUT the lobby inside was pretty modern and comfy. The viewing room can seat up to 10 other people, but it was just us two. I was a little disappointed by the projection wall screen. It was dark, fuzzy, and blah. I focused my eyes on the monitors next to the bed/table. Our package was $250-300 (35 minutes of time, DVD w/ music, photo CD, and 12+ print out photos). *Tips* Go during the weekday for low peak discounts, but make sure your baby is most alert at that time to avoid $50 revisit. Eat some chocolate or drink a little caffeine to get your little guy moving.We would definitely do this 4D imaging all over again!!! It's a great experience and scrapbook memory. Cheers!!!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,4/2/2009,460,387,33,23,25>I don't usually come out on Saturday nights, so I'd heard of VIP for a long time but had never been here...until last night.Music blaring, but not headache causing, drinks lining the bar one after another, and everyone having an awesome time.  Excuse me folks...ummm....there's no dance floor...ummmm....what are you doing?  oh well, when in Rome, right?My wife was surrounded by a bunch of guys and getting to her was a little difficult....Me:  excuse me, sorry excuse me...Guy1:  Hey, wait your turnMe: yeah, uh....but she's my wife....Guy2:  Yeah, right...Her?  With you??!!Guy1:  Bwaaahaaaahaaa, that'll be the dayMe:  Nono, not a fantasy, she really is...Guy3:  (talking to Ingrid) So....what's your number?Guy2:  (talking to Guy4) Dude, quit pushing....Me:   ....Oh well, with my wife surrounded and me with a lame coke in my hand....what else was there to do but dance?She had a great time, and you can be dang sure we'll be back on another Saturday night (^-^).PS.  For those of you who didn't drink with her until the end....she was disappointed.  So....we got home....and the drinking and dancing continued for a few more hours.  I know what you're thinking....Hubby got lucky....right?  WRONG!  With that much alcohol...what do you think happened when her head hit the pillow?  snoring....that's what happened. Can you believe it?!  Great....yippeeee....grumble grumble whine whine can't believe I took her out for a good time and she fell asleep mumble mumble a guys got needs whine whine next time I'm mixing a bunch of water in her drinks mumble mumble,,,,oh shit....you awake honey?  *snore* damn....*turns in bed* what was that honey? you awake? *snore snore*  awwww bummer....
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/8/2009,4/1/2009,165,186,18,13,12>So I called ahead and made reservations for two. As usual when I showed up, I got huge-eyed stares - I'm one of like, 5 black people in the South Bay, so I suppose I'm a bit startling. I'm also the size of a panda so that might also be scary, too, who knows.ANYWAY! I was excited to see this place pop up in Yelp search and was way too lazy to go to Sumika in Los Gatos. Like others have said ... this place isn't on the same level. It's a nice try though, and since yakitori options in this area are pretty spread out if you want something close and accessible and you're expectations aren't too high then you may leave satisfied.Best for groups, snacking, and getting drunk. Not particularly fulfilling if you are looking for thrilling flavor sensations.Also great if you like your service staff to be hot/cute. The service ladies were pretty and pleasant*, and the guys bringing the plates/cooking behind the grill were HAWT. Very eager smiles and all around yummies.* We made a reservation ahead. Showed up. Then stood around in the tiny entrance area while the hostesses and guests needed to come to/fro, so it was kind of awkward. Everything felt crowded. Again, I'm the size of a panda, but even if I weren't there it isn't fun to stand around hoping for a table while dodging guests and staff and eyeing the diners hopefully.Also, although we showed up on time, with reservations, and there were 2 tables visibly empty (there appears to be a back area but we couldn't see it) we were not taken to these tables. The hostesses kept coming too and fro and then finally the one who mans the phones was just like, I'm going to just give you one of those tables.I shouldn't bitch cuz it was only 5 min of waiting, but I just found it odd that there were open tables we weren't taken to when we had reservations and showed up on time.Then, as the hostess seats us, she asks how we heard about the place. I drop Yelp. BOOM. She gets very pleasant and smiley and extra helpful. Now, I came on a mission to eat yakitori. So we didn't even look at the big menu. I was prepared to come drop loads of mula and order endless food but only if the yakitori moved me on first orders. Alas, it was not to be.Ordered:- shiitake mushroom- chicken w/ garlic- fried rice ball- chicken salad- kalbi with ponzu- i think we had the beef tongue- meatball of some sort, i think chickenNone of these really moved me. It should be really easy to hit shiitake out the park, but it was kinda meh. The overall sensation was: meat was just so-so grade, flavors were pretty bland, seasoning relied too much on salt and wasn't fresh/bright/crisp.Example - the meatball literally collapsed into teeny pieces of ground chicken in my mouth. Like a ball of sesame seeds would, just a bunch of tiny little pieces, the texture was weird, and wet, and not really flavorful. And it was reasonably priced and a pleasant enough setting but I just think that when you add it all together it's probably not a place I'm going to come back to, although I'd LIKE to. If only for the hawt japanese men. raow.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2009,3/31/2009,198,267,20,19,18>10pm...on a Wednesday night...and this is the only place on Santana Row where I could find food still being served after sleeping through my original dinner plans in downtown Campbell. Oops. So my friend and I head to SR, intending to have a late dinner at Sino or Straits, since according to their hours...they are open till midnight or later. Ummm, this was not the case. When we walked in and asked to be seated, the hostess told us they were closing. So out we went to wander around and search for anything that would be open. We almost gave up and thought we'd have to go to Denny's or Carrow's...but then we stumbled upon Rosie's. Loud music blasting, signs of life, this was good news.We ask the bouncer if their kitchen is still open and he says yes, but they're only serving appetizers. He goes in to double check this for us as we look at the menu by the door. After it's confirmed they have food, we go in and proceed to gorge on steak quesadilla, Irish nachos, ahi tuna, and bacon wrapped prawns. Everything was okay, nothing was impressive or stood out. We probably would've been just as satisfied had we gone to Carrow's and saved ourselves the $70+ bill. It was also a bit strange trying to eat while being able to see out of the corner of my eye...some bodies on the nearly empty dance floor grinding to Akon songs.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2009,3/29/2009,563,743,9,14,14>I was seriously jones-ing for some of my people's food on Saturday.... and not just Vietnamese food, but specifically from the region of Hue where my family is from (Central city of Viet Nam, formally the imperial city of the Nguyen Dynasty). I've read a good amount of reviews of Hue Restaurant from fellow Yelpers so we decided to give it a try.We ordered two appetizer dishes of Banh Beo and Banh Ram It, and shared a bowl of Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio."Banh Beo" are steamed rice cakes, often served in the individual little dishes that they've been steamed in (that's how I prefer to enjoy them). These were topped with scallions, shrimp, and crunchy fried pork skin for texture. Spoon a little of Nuoc Cham (dipping sauce made primarily of fish sauce and chili) over them and they are delish! These Banh Beo in particular were pretty good. I really liked the flavor but the rice cake itself was a bit too thick for my preference. "Banh It Ram" are little sticky rice dumplings filled with savory shrimp and pork. These dumplings are then rested on little fried pieces of a "rice cracker". Banh It should also be dipped in a Nuoc Cham sauce. YUM! This by far was my favorite dish of our lunch."Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio" is a dish of cold vermicelli rice noodles that is topped with grilled pork, veggies, and egg rolls. Overall, this dish was ok. The pork was flavorful but the rice noodles were hard as if they were slightly undercooked. That's not good eats.Overall, I'm sure I'd come back to this restaurant if we were in the neighborhood since I really enjoyed the Banh It Ram and would like to try the Mi Quang.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,3/28/2009,1167,294,15,16,18>This store is OOOZING of pretty!It's like if 3 Ladies (over at Willow Glen) had babies with Anthroplogie's housewares department AND then cheated on her with Z Gallerie. THIS PLACE IS IT!It's a housewares store for your room, living room, your life. Vintage and Brand New, they've got stuff for you!If you like Breakfast At Tiffany's, Chanel, cupcakes, and pink...you will definitely fall in love with this charming store. If you don't have money to afford the furniture, there is a ton of doodads to decorate your life with. I am simply charmed, and will definitely come back to vamp up my room and house with the help of this store.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2008,3/26/2009,96,154,9,12,9>Thank you Yelp for helping me find Aimee, and thank you Aimee for making me look better than I'll probably ever look again.Aimee did my hair and makeup for my wedding and she was a joy to work with.  She also did my bridesmaids makeup and my mother's hair.  During the trial, she listened to what I wanted and took the time make sure that my hair and makeup was how I wanted it.  She was also fun to talk to, which is important because hair and makeup takes a long time!On my wedding day, Aimee was calm and helpful and made everyone look beautiful!  She also seems to be good at choosing the right makeup for different skin tones.Her prices are reasonable, she was reliable and on time on my wedding day, and I was very pleased with my hair and makeup.I just wish I had more special occasions so I could hire her again.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2008,3/25/2009,393,333,23,25,21>I was sitting in front of this place for probably 15 minutes waiting for my friend to show up...and seriously like 20 people went in and out of this place. If you don't count the behind the counter space, that's well over max capacity! I was stunned. This place is smaller than an unpopular rapper's closet on Cribs, and it was like the Mary Poppins magic trick for continuously stuffing more and more pizza-fiends through its front doors.I've never been a fan of thin crust...Its like a cracker with sauce and a lil' cheese...but this place did it right. I was so ready to be like, "4.5 STARS? Yeah right..." But I see it...I can see how this place has a huge fan base.The pizza was sitting behind the glass (not even under a heat lamp) but when you order it they put it back in the huge oven...something in there does some magic, and this pizza comes out perfect. I think the fact that they don't use a heat lamp is key because then it doesn't taste over cooked and old. I wanna try getting a whole pie to myself to go soon... will definitely be back.4 stars for now...5 stars after it nails it again next time.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2008,3/24/2009,169,661,11,13,10>I think that I have figured out how to determine how good a Filipino restaurant is.  Sure, food should be number one.  Ambiance, well, sometimes.  However, if there is a Filipino priest eating there with some parishioners, then the food is bound to be good.   So, what did I find when I stopped by here this afternoon, a Filipino priest,  and at the table adjacent to him, someone asking where so and so parish was.  OK.  Check.  Father approves of this place.  It must be decent. I ordered the tortang talong (stuffed eggplant that like an omelet) and munggo (mung bean soup), they also give you two scoops or rice.  (You hear that Goldilock's?!?!  TWO SCOOPS!)  The torta was good and was a perfect compliment to the mungo.  The "sahog" for the munggo was shrimp and some pork.  I was a little hungry, and I scarfed down the whole thing (but only 1/4 of the rice).  This is probably the fourth iteration of a Filipino restaurant in this same location over the past five years, so I am hoping that it will stick around!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2009,4/28/2009,386,185,29,21,25>Katie Bloom's was the location of an epiphany of chronological proportion. What am I talking about, you may ask. Alcoholics may call it a moment of clarity; a manifestation of a sudden realization - a translucent intuition, brought about by...dare I say it...Age.*sigh*Boys night out. One of many in my illustrious "hay daze." Little did I know that what was waiting for me was a cold reality - a great schism that had nothing to do with religious sects and heresy. More like a disassociation coming to fruition. Walking into Katie Bloom's, I was excited about the possibilities. Not having gone out in some time - due to the weather and fervent financial frugality - I needed some down time to burn the midnight oil. It was a Saturday night. The pub was packed from wall to wall. Shot of Crowne...down the hatch. Another shot of Crowne...down the hatch. Puffy-eyed and persistent, another shot goes down the hatch, followed by a Long Island Ice Tea chaser. Then, an inexplicable energy rushed out in a palpable wave through my waist and hips. I blame it on the vocally gifted and studio manipulated collaborative beats of Akon and T-Pain. The DJ was spinning some decent beats, although he did mix "Hells Bells" in after "Umbrella-ella-ella." That might have started a torrential down pour, but fortunately he kicked it back into gear with some cool old school hip hop.[skipping ahead]I have the bladder of a girl scout with an enlarged prostate - meaning that I urinate a lot. It's terrible, especially during long road trips and intense games of beer pong. Oh the possibilities - if only my writing flowed as free and fluidly. I would go to the doctor and get it checked out; except for the fact that finding out I have the bladder of a 50 year old man when I'm half that age would be devastating. Not to mention scary.To much dismay, my moment of enlightenment occurred in the Katie Bloom's lavatory after relieving myself. Irony?..I think so. I was routinely washing my hands at the sink when out of the blue - I heard a loud burp, followed by the distinct sound of regurgitation. Immediately, I stepped back and piercingly glared at the stall. What happened next is unbelievable. The stall's door flew open and a dude launched himself out onto the floor like a gang of Samoan bouncers threw him out of a Vegas casino and onto the sidewalk for counting cards. We make eye contact, he slurred something in an unfamiliar Pig Latin dialect, and attempted to lift himself off the floor - but to no avale. Watching the guy, I focused in on his appearance and took notice that he was old. At least in his 40's. That's when my whole life flashed in front of me. Slowly looking into the bathroom mirror, I focus, and peering back was a 40 year old version of myself. Handsome, but 40, and at Katie Bloom's! My mind went stir crazy. What if that projectile vomiteer is me? What if I turn into the Billy Madison of the bar scene? Moral of the story: on party nights(Thur., Fri., & Sat.).. Katie Bloom's is a packed house with a younger crowd, DJ, and diligent drunkards. However, any other day or night, Katie's is manageable -- a great place to mellow out, watch a game, eat some appetizers, and drink a beer. You can even bring along an old person.I guess we can't become old and wise if we aren't young and stupid, right?
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,4/27/2009,576,429,26,33,36>Imagine, little ol me, stomping all over the city in these cute black boots, for years and years. They've gone to hell and back, rain or shine, swam in a fountain (seriously) and endured my abuse since the dawn of time.I've worn them down to the nub - wait - PASS the nub. I wore them down all the way to the SCREWS - you could see them all gnarly looking, thanks to me. Every time I did attempt to wear them, I'd hear a "clink clink" on the pavement and pretty much almost broke my neck because I'd sometimes slip on them. I needed to get them fixed ASAP for my upcoming trip to Europe so I turned to Yelp for help.In comes Jesse at FJ Western Wear & Boot Repair. I chose this cute, quaint little shop because it was closer to my house and I love helping out the smaller businesses. I always see this shop while driving by on Pruneridge when going to Valley Fair.It's right next to all these little shops to the left of the 7-11 on the corner. There's enough street parking right in front and I usually bust an illegal U to swoop into those spots since I'm driving on the other side of the road - hahaha just kidding, I would never do that.... ;)When you walk in, it's PACKED with western gear of all sorts: boots, hats, tops etc. I would have never known it was a shop repair business too. But seeing all these awesome leather "cowboy" boots, I knew my own boots were in good hands.Jesse (who's super adorable AND sweet) came out to help me and told me he could fix them for $8.95. I was shocked because I thought it would cost more to fix them but no, I literally spent less than $10 to pretty much get back a brand new pair of boots. I LOVE IT!!!He had them fixed in a matter of days and he's open EVERY day of the week. I paid when I received them and they look awesome! He also shined the hell out of them and made them look good as new!! He turned my poor boots into lean, mean stomping machines :)! Can't wait to try them out!! Thanks Jesse :)I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Definitely will bring all my shoes here in the future :)
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,4/26/2009,477,595,14,17,17>Holy Crepe Batman!Crepes are probably my favorite "pocket" food.  Along with burritos, crepes are seriously a meal in a wrap!  Came to Sweet Peas yesterday with a friend for lunch.  It is a small but cozy cafe located in Los Gatos near Walgreens.  After staring at the menu for what seemed like an hour, I finally decided on the Crepes Boulderado on a buckwheat crepe.  Steak, caramelized onions, poached eggs all topped off with a creamy hollandaise sauce.  It was around $9 and super delicious!!  I really enjoyed the nuttiness and chewiness of the buckwheat crepe.  It was a great healthy alternative to traditional crepe batter.  My friend ordered the Beef Briand crepe but they were out of brie!  It was still tasty with the steak, monty cheese and caramelized onions but the wine mushroom sauce was perfect with it.. For dessert, we both shared the Mixed Berries and Custard crepe which was the perfect way to end our crepe adventure!  The custard was light and creamy but there were mostly blueberries in it which blew.  Still, I can't wait to come back here and try more of their crepes!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2008,4/25/2009,358,1030,12,19,18>Every now and then, we get an urge to try a NEW Korean place. On such a day while driving down El Camino, we noticed for the first time this restaurant...tucked away in a strip mall, somewhat overshadowed by Choi's and SGD Tofu House. MENU: Pictures speak a thousand words. In addition to the regular/itemized menu, they hand you a small album with real PHOTOS of all dishes. Awesome. That alone gets a #1 customer friendly award from me.BANCHANS: Quality over quantity. They only serve about three kinds of banchan, but they are individually flavorful and delicious! KIMBAPS: What's better than FRESH homemade rolls? And they have a long list of kimbaps to choose from. I'm not a huge fan of sesame oil, but once in a while, I do enjoy their rolls that are neither too soggy, oily nor cold, unlike the super-unappetizing packaged ones sold at super markets. NOODLES: In my opinion, the best part of their noodles is the WATER used in broth. You could tell it's clean, purified and has no yucky aftertaste. However, this place is probably not the best choice for ramen and naeng myun. The ramen noodles aren't anything spectacular (they actually remind me of the instant ones). Naeng myun is alright...but my favorite is still the one at Sui Tofu down further on ECR. BARBECUE: Freshly grilled... Thoroughly marinated... I love the sauce.  Anyway, this is a small, unpretentious mom-and-pop type of place that we're slowly starting to like. For the most part (meaning, except for the ramen which we find a bit pricey for the quality), the prices are agreeable. In conclusion...3 stars for the food, but it's a 4-star in my book because of the graphic menu and the friendly customer service. AND if you're a fan of kimbap, I'm sure you'll appreciate this place a lot more!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,4/24/2009,311,365,11,18,14>The Hubba and I stopped by this grocery store today after lunch (next door at Pho Quyen 2) since I saw a Jamie Oliver recipe that I wanted to replicate and needed some ingredients. We love Indian food, and this small grocery store has a lot of great items to purchase. Not to mention that it's clean! The produce looked very fresh, and the overall prices were comparable to your neighborhood Safeway. But of course with a larger variety of spices, beans, and specialty Indian snack foods. The spices you can buy here are cheaper than at a regular grocery store and you get more for your money. So next time you reach for a bottle of McCormick cumin, come here instead for a large package of it for the same price! For our first trip,we purchased some frozen naan bread, a 24 pack of samosas, a bottle of tikka masala paste, and a bag of basmati rice and I do foresee coming here again.Yay for local businesses!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,4/23/2009,226,185,16,20,16>Last time I ordered from Jade China was over 3 years ago when I was about 5 months pregnant.  Unfortunately, they had to be the the victim of my pain in the ass chinese food aversion.  I ate, I yacked, and ever since then I decided to avoid this place.That is until a few days ago...  I hate to admit this because as a resident of the eastern region of San Jose, I like to stay loyal to my beloved East Lake for my chinese food fix-- specifically for my walnut prawn fix.  But Jade China has the BEST walnut prawns in the south bay.  On top of that, their fried rice and chow fun wasn't nearly as greasy as most typical places. Why do you have to be so good?! Why? WHY?!?  Looks like I found a new place to satisfy my chinese food cravings.  Their portions are way more generous than other chinese spots, 3 dishes can stuff 5 people with plenty of food left over, and for $20! Great value, can't go wrong during these hard times. Needless to say, Jade China has brought honor to their family.Just a tip:  The place is so small, you may not be comfortable eating in there but  perfect for calling your order in for take- out!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,4/21/2009,1111,645,17,26,30>I love my family, mostly because they are great and also because there is only 2 of them left; my Mom and my sister. My Dad and I were best friends but he died way too young and well, what can you do? Having said that, after staying with my sister at a recent family wedding and driving my Mom everywhere because she broke her kneecap I realized that hey, I need to get away for a day and spend some me time on me. So what to do, what to do, that's the question.Go get something to eat, then go to the beach. What can beat that? So off to Gayle's in Capitola for a wonderful grilled marinated juicy chicken breast sandwich with tangy herb mayonnaise and a splash of lemon juice on freshly baked thick sliced sourdough bread. So flavorful and well-blended with a perfect balance of sour and creaminess with nice big chunks of chicken to savor as you chew and swallow each bite. Freshly baked bread just makes an average sandwich great, Gayle knows that and does it to perfection. To follow it up, I also ordered a galete of strawberry/blackberry mix. It was flaky, light with a hint of egg and butter topped off with baked in crystals of sugar to sweeten the browned crust with extra flavor. The sweet-sour, crunchy berries flooded my mouth with a burst of happiness that put a smile on my face and lasted all day even until now. Love sour fruit, sour candy, sour anything. By the way, why do cafes give you wooden stirrers for the coffee? Isn't that a tree killing habit? I felt guilty mixing my vanilla soy/Splenda with my piping hot coffee thinking about the unneeded decimating of the forests. Enough said about that...After Gayle's, off to Seacliff Beach for a brisk beach walk along the edge of the lapping shore.  Cold wind braced me as I leaned into it all the way past the visitor center, on to the old and now broken cement ship called the SS Palo Alto. Sea otters ringed the old, rotting girl... diving, surfacing, flapping their webbed feet against the swell, lazily breaking, then munching their daily feast of shells, mussels, clams and crabs on their well-oiled furry chests. YUM! I have my food, they have theirs. Sometimes, theirs sound better. Free cioppino. I may be Norwegian but I wish I was an Italian who has a summer home in France. Norwegian food is the worst. Ludefisk and lefsa... BLEECH! *shiver down spine*An hour or so passed and I move along to the beautiful Seascape Resort, a totally hidden gem along the Aptos shoreline. Elegant, spectacular, private where you can stretch out in the sun by the pool talking to old friends, catching up with lives and sharing your own until the batteries wear out. Watching nervous, glowing brides-to-be discuss their future plans and dreams as they walk out to the special altar that looks out over the sea. Slowly wandering down the windy path between the early, fooled-by-the-sun flowers as they begin to bloom down to the sand where laughing groups huddle around firepits roasting hopefully-not-sandy-from-the-blowing-canyon-zephyr marshmallows in their fleece jackets and pants.Seascape has so many avenues for one to unwind, relax, decompress, get back in center with yourself in the fresh air of the California coast. The rooms are large, comfortable and equipped with vistas of the euclalyptus (i know that's spelled wrong but i love to get ucla in where ever i can) trees, strands and incoming waves that constantly beat against the ever-shifting sand. Life goes on, nature goes on, change goes on.. constantly, relentlessly, consistently. The grounds were immaculate, the staff excellent, the breakfast prompt and attentive. You feel like you are a million miles away even though reality is only a mountain over towards the east where work, family and responsibility awaits. Thank you Seascape. You were just the tonic that I needed.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2008,4/20/2009,228,57,65,57,56>Are you a girl?  Do you like things?  Of course you do!Then you need to stiletto your way over to, It's a Girl Thing.  I went last night for the anniversary party and although I'm not sure if fabulous Cindy is always serving wine, cheese, fried chicken, and cupcakes I have no doubt you will find something else you will be addicted to and have to take home, cherish, and adore.  Remember no matter how much you work, clean, cook, argue with the hubby/boyfriend, and take care of other people.....You are a girl and you deserve things!  Delightful things like vintage shoes, purses and jewels.Today's Mantra:  I am a girl and I deserve things.  (To be repeated 5 times in the morning and 5 times in the evening, and 10 times fast while on your way to, It's a Girl Thing)
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2008,4/19/2009,696,211,24,19,18>I don't frequent dtsj much, but this place is definitely up there in my list of places to hit up! Bring some good company with you (like the kick-ass SBY's I was with last night + Carol's entourage), and you got yourself fun rolled up in one venue.The first thing I checked out when coming in here was not the sake selection, but rather the layout of the lounge - is it easy to move around? find your group? spacious enough? do i need to fight my way through? Answer: Yes, yes, yes and no! Yesss perfect, me likey! I like having lots of breathing room and making sure I don't get groped randomly by some odd 30somethings -yes, it's happened before, and thankfully this venue isn't the overly crowded kind so I can still walk in between people without feeling like I have to be on my guard.Cute waitresses here btw, even I was ogling at them. "Sup girl, what's your name?" Haha!Great selection of mixed sake drinks - some are flavorful and sweet, some are dry. They have food here as well (spam musubi, edamame, fried calamari, seasoned fries, etc.). Enough room to mingle but not enough to boogie, live band on Thursday, TVs in the back for the sports fanatic.Chill place for chill people.P.S. Don't party foul like someone in our group did *ahem*J-M*ahem*!!!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,4/18/2009,176,249,10,13,12>So after decades of going without .. J-Town has a home-grown denizen day-time hangout spot again .. Yay for that!.. and most of you don''t know what I'm talkin' about.. do you? OK reminiscence time again.. I don't know where all this is gonna take me.. but here goes.. Back in the far distant past.. I mean back in the early 70's .. when I was a young college-graduated self-styled young Asian activist fella.. living in a J-Town apartment with other young Asian fellas of my ilk.. *Roy's* really was a Gas and service station.. as was *Georges* his competition one block over.. and there were *two* pharmacies.. 4th Street Pharmacy at what is now Taqueria Corona where some folks in the neighborhood kinda hung out or at least went to run into each other and Hashimoto's Drugs at what is now Hiro's Golf Shop..at which some other folks hung out..  and then there was Hank's Coffee Shop (at what is now Kumako Ramen) which was  the breakfast and lunch spot at which all the hard-boiled and not so hard-boiled denizens of J-Town seemed to congregate (you walked in there and you could get.. in addition to fried eggs over rice and "teri-burgers" .. Hank's unvarnished politically unguarded take on current events.. fishing talk.. and all the scuttlebutt on local matters large and small, some on the up-and-up and some on the not-so-up-and-up.. you could rub shoulders with a few of the *less* successful members of the Asian American community (the ones who'd done time).. and some of the ones who'd done better... and *just* as likely you might run into Vice Mayor.. then Mayor.. then Congressman Norm Mineta.. dropping in and holding court..  or mebe exchange greetings with a much younger Mike Honda who would drop in while waiting for his kids to finish their Judo lessons down the block.. but I *really* digress..Anyway, back to Roy's Station.. you could always see Roy out there at his station.. really smiling and friendly to all who passed by .. even to us snot-nosed activist College kids.. He was very supportive of our cultural activities.. *not* so approving of our anti-war leafleting activities.. but always friendly..Now back to the other thread of thought.. well eventually all the places where the J-Town residents of the time could hang out and gossip with or just take in and stare and listen to other folks in the 'hood (including Hank's) closed down.. and the hard core of his former clientele drifted off into retirement and on into retirement homes and on to heaven or hell or somethin' in between.. and, then, Roy's Garage closed (and there doesn't seem to be an *awful* lot of auto service activity at Georges down the block either)..  So years go by.. and new shops opened and some closed really quickly.. and some stuck around.. *Decades* go by.. High-density housing comes to J-Town the area gets re-populated by an ethnically diverse.. but definitely more Yuppified apartment and condo-dwelling mix of folks.. enough folks to support a nice little drop-in spot.. and Roy's Station goes through an environmental  Super Fund clean-up and now gets remodeled into a really nice coffee spot.. and what is the point of all this rambling?  I dunno.. it's just.. just.. kind of interesting to see this neighborhood called J-Town.. gets some parts all re-arranged and some parts stay the same.. and some funky spots there.. that I *ignored* in my youth.. are now spots where I practically live my Friday nights..  What I'm saying is JEEEZUS I'm old.. JEEEZUS.. a lot of time has passed.. JEEESUS.. changes have happened on Jackson Street.. and now with Roy's Station Coffee ad Teas.. you have a nice spot to look and sit.. and grow older and observe it change even more..=============================================..oh yes.. and while I'm revisiting this write-up let me add.. that by the time you've gone thru as many decades as I apparently have to get to this moment ... as I type these words.... those many decades will all seemed to have happened to you ... in the blink of an eye..============================================
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,11/11/2013,622,798,4,18,9>Yay my first review as Elite! :DI came here to celebrate my friend's bday on a Saturday and reservations were made at 7:30pm. However, it was so packed and our group was quite big (13 people), we had to wait a while for two tables to become available. The restaurant has limited seating so we didnt get seated until a little past 8. What was great was that while we were waiting, they brought out a seafood pancake for us to eat because they felt so bad. I have never experienced that service before O_O Also, they allowed us to order while we were waiting outside so that the food could be prepped before we sat down. Now that is efficient!My group did the family style meal that comes with a lot of side dishes including seafood pancake, tteokbokki, sprouts, noodles, soft egg, and kimchi fried rice. The kimchi fried rice came at the end and had a kick of spice to it. I loveeddd how it cooked in front of us and the bottom part got super crispy. Seriously I was full and satisfied with just the side dishes and the juice that comes in the end. I was surprised because the meat was cooked in front of us on the portable stove like at an AYCE restaurant. The meat was not the best quality at all. It cooked and was pretty tough and dry so the only thing that salvaged it were the sauces, including the delicious peanut sauce. Overall, the food here is great and I would definitely come back again because you get soo full with all the food. The service is awesome and they cut the meat for you haha.**TIPS**1) Get here early or make a reservation because around 7:30pm on a weekend gets super busy.2) Check in and you can unlock a seafood pancake and yogurt for a weekday.3) Family style food is always fun and you will get full. You will smell afterwards like piles of meat.4) Enjoy!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,11/10/2013,615,217,3,8,10>My friend raved about this spot for the "best" seafood burrito and I am so glad i got the chance to try it today!This place has that hole in the wall feel, which is always a plus when looking for good local food.  The parking lot is tiny but you can always find something in the street.  There are patio seating along with inside seating.  I had the SCALLOP BURRITO and it was DELISH!!!!  The scallop were cooked to perfection and the meat were so juicy!  I recommend pairing it with the habanero red sauce, extra spicy! Overall, I am very impressed with the food at this spot.  My friend had the crab burrito, I took a bite and it exploded with flavors so I cannot wait to come back and try other stuff on their menu!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,11/9/2013,739,212,2,9,3>If you live opposite direction from Bon Chon or 99 chicken and want to grub on some korean chicken, then this is your new spot! Quick Review:- Quality Service- Chicken is good and tastes different than 99 and bon chon.- Alcohol including soju, etc.- The decor is not bad. It's bigger than 99 chicken and a little bit more spacious then Bon Chon.- Price is reasonable for this type of establishment. (If you go in a large group go for the combinations)This place is only 11 min. from my house so this is my new spot to go when I'm not craving Bon Chon...I have to diversify my chicken!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,11/8/2013,93,135,13,15,13>To start off, this place has modern interior design. I love it. To be honest, it's like if Tapioca Express had an ultimate rival twin sister, LKT&G would be that b*tch. 2 appetizers and 2 burgers all for under $25, what what!Calamari was ~$7. Salty, but in a good way. Just enough to where it's not gonna give you high blood pressure and it's still flavorful. I was sad that I didn't get a lot of squid legs, most pieces consisted of the mantle. (6) Lemon pepper wingzz, my boyfriend loved! Very flavorful!We got two 1/4 Swiss Mushroom burgers for about ~$6 each. Not bad, not bad. To be honest, I'm gonna say the F word again, for the 3rd time. It was very "F"lavorful!Besides the fact that the food was delicious, the whole staff was extremely friendly. The girl at the front was very helpful and the bus girl told us to have a nice day when we headed out. Coming back again soon, I loved it!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/7/2013,1125,189,7,10,10>I think Fontana's is an awesome option for a business or birthday lunch or dinner or a casual romantic dinner. And, I'm happy to admit that my family has been celebrating birthdays here for 10 years plus! It makes me smile that the restaurant has been around this long and I am happy to report that the bread that they serve is still absolutely fabulous. Really crusty and doughy. Oh man. It's amazing and it has been so for the past 10 years!But I do have one gripe. I went back here to celebrate my dad and cousin's birthdays a couple of weeks ago (thanks for the complimentary ice cream and candles, Fontanas!) and I was so sad to see that they had taken my FAVORITE dish off of the menu! The dish that I would order again and again and again every time I came :(. It was the Petto Di Pollo Schiacciati - grilled breast of chicken with prawns, mushroom ravioli, spinach and lemon butter sauce. Why take it off :(? That dish was the best! I can see that its components have been put into other dishes - they serve the decadent mushroom ravioli on its own and they have a roasted chicken dish and a prawn and polenta dish. But together, that dish was heaven. Really too bad!Anyway, what I also really like about Fontanas is that I think they cook their meat and their seafood really well. Everything is tender, succulent. The cooking technique is awesome and the portions are generous and I am always full after my meal. Plus, I think their prices are really good for the high quality and fresh ingredients that they use. And, I think the variety of their menu is also enticing. I just can't think of another restaurant in the area that is similar to this one. It's solid Italian cuisine that is also distinctively Californian. We had:Scampi Saltati ($23) - Prawns sauteed in butter, tomato, basil, green onion, garlic, white wine, and cream, served with crispy dungeness crab polenta and sauteed spinach. This was a huge serving and I was stuffed at the end of it! The serving of prawns is really generous. I thought it was a great dish, but just a tad bit bland. Pollo Girarrosto ($21) - Free range natural chicken from the rotisserie, served with a choice of spinach linguine, garlic-herb fries, or roasted new potatoes. My mom had this dish and she was raving about how tender the chicken was. Capellini Astice ($22) - Angel hair pasta with lobster, mushrooms and green onion tossed in a light seafood cream sauce. Mmmm. The angel hair really helps you mop up the seafood cream sauce. My cousin ordered this after remembering this dish from years prior! Definitely for the seafood lover as it had a distinct lobster taste. Yum!Caciucco ($24) - Mussels, clams, scallops, fresh fish and baby prawns in a light tomato sauce, served over fresh linguine. My dad ordered this because it's one of his favorites :). Again, a very generous helping of seafood. I think this could have had a little bit more spice, but I would totally order this in the future.Spaghetti and Meatballs ($17) - In-house made meatballs, consisting of beaf, pork, and prosciutto, served over spaghetti and tomato-basil marinara. Oh yeah. Fontanas does classic Italian, and they do it well. My grandma ordered this and I freaking loved the meatballs. It'll be hard for me to pry myself away from the seafood and the fresh produce starring in many of their other dishes, but I may consider ordering this next time as I LOVE a good marinara with meat sauce or meatballs. Finally, if you like gelato, their bocce ball is their signature dessert. It's huge and there's nothing I like better than large desserts! Their tiramisu is also quite good and their pure decadence dessert is a perhaps some of the densest chocolate cake I have ever had. You can't go wrong with Fontana's. It's a fantastic restaurant that I am happy to have re-discovered :)!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,11/6/2013,1079,185,10,17,14>If you've never been to a speakeasy place, this is DEFINITELY a winner!!When I first came here, I wasnt too sure on what to expect. At the door upon entering, you are told about the rules and etc..( no gum chewing!!) Walking down stairs, theres a small bar with a few bartenders waiting to assist you. If you tell them its your first time, they will automatically create a drink to YOUR liking ( which is pretty awesome!!) The creativity and style that single barrel has, is by far the BEST yet!Dare to try it out! ;) but just be careful the drinks are a little strong and mighty tasty.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,11/5/2013,133,696,4,13,5>It's a newer large facility and decently priced!Price - $35/month + $100-250 enrollment fee.  They said enrollment is $250 normally, but if I signed up TODAY, it'll be $100.  Why do I always seem to walk in when the deal's about to end at every fitness place.  Coincidence or sales pitch?Update : I found the enrollment is normally $99.  So it was just a lie to get me to sign up at that momentFacility - The place is large and somewhat modern.  Comes with 3-4 raquette ball courts, a basketball court, large fitness class room (and looks like they offer many classes), bicycle class room, pool, dry spa, children's day care, etc.Equipments - Like I said, they are new and they have many options.  The treadmills come with TVs!  No one is carrying towels and they don't hand out towels in the front.  When I see the sweat stain on the machine, I can see them being worn down in a year.  Every week, there seems to be a new machine, they must be doing well.People - I walked in for a trial at 9pm, but the place was somewhat crowded with people mostly in their mid to late 20s.  Crowded as in every other machine being used.  As I do exercise, guys would be talking next to me about going to Vegas and which clubs have more girls, etc.  The bottom floor(weights) is about 80% guys, the top floor with treadmills is about 50/50.  Nationality wise, I'd say the place is about 50% Caucasian, 30% Hispanic, 20% OtherSales / Trainer People - I came in for a trial, but was pressured to sign up.  Like I said above, the sales rep told me the enrollment fee is normally $250, but today he'll do $99.  It turns out it's normally $99.  In general, the people at the front are friendly.  Some workers seem to be really friendly towards females, but not males.  One time, I tried to tell a worker about someone's wallet being left and the worker looked annoyed and told me to leave it.  Next second, he was trying to spark a conversation with a smile with a girl working out. All this said, $35/month is not bad compared to other similar options.  This one membership will let you use it at the Brokaw location too :)
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,11/4/2013,107,147,5,7,7>I just got a spa pedicure at this place and I must say....I am impressed!  As I sat down to get a spa pedicure I noticed that all the ladies took their time for each person that they were working on.  Van worked with me and did a great job on my deluxe spa pedicure which came with a scrub and a leg and foot mask.  She meticulously cleaned my toe nails and spent almost 10 minutes massaging each leg and foot!  That was the best part because I'm on my feet all the time at work and needed it!  The leg and foot mask was great...some cream was placed on each leg and a hot towel was wrapped over it, then each leg was massaged again with the towel on...I felt like my legs and feet were in a sauna.  For the price of $27 I thought it was worth it!  I have yet to try their manicures...so yes, after a good experience with their pedi's, I'll definitely go back for a mani sometime soon :)Oh, it's best to make an appointment before you go because they can get really busy.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,11/3/2013,707,472,3,11,4>A friend of mine wanted to do a beach trip, so we decided to do an ab work-out on the beach then have a picnic. She was the one who found this beach and I'm so glad she did!We got here around 9:30am on Saturday and there was plenty of street parking. What we didn't know was that you could drive in closer! There's a little area off to the left after you turn in towards the beach; it overlooks the beach (I think it's short term parking) and you can also drive in further to the parking area by the picnic tables + grills (from other reviews it looks like you have to pay $10). We grabbed everything and walked in from off the street...a bit of a trek, oh well.There were hardly any people around when we got down to the beach. We put our cooler by a picnic table with a grill (I was really surprised that no one tried to take anything...how nice!). Don't worry, there's a good number of tables and grills. We staked out our spot on the beach with our blankets then did our workout. It was overcast in the morning, but within a couple hours it started to clear up. It seems that most of the people here this weekend were families. People were well-behaved too, no crazy or obnoxious crowds. There's no dogs allowed on the beach...they are allowed in the picnic area; we saw a family even bring a dog pen to keep the dogs in one area! The people here were nice; we were having trouble with our lighter and the family next to us was nice enough to let us borrow theirs. Another family let us borrow their tongs to move our charcoal around on the grill too (we forgot this crucial item). The sand is so fine and the beach is clean! I LOVE THIS BEACH! Not to mention the stone arch. Since it was windy, we ended up not being able to go walk out to the stone arch; it would have been cool to take some pics inside. The waves progressively got higher, so we had to keep scooting back as we were making sand castles too. The beach: the place where you can always revert back to being a kid :) A few individuals were flying kites...perfect for Saturday's windy weather!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,11/2/2013,233,1187,4,6,5>Things I do for my dog...wake up early on Saturday mornings to take him to a dog meet up! hahahaAt least I get some bonding time with my cousins, and he gets some bonding time with his cousin.Overall good dog park. Very spacious and gated. There's a water fountain for the dogs, but I suggest you bring your own bowl to fill the water.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,9/10/2010,594,332,6,10,7>First date material for sure. The white sangria..A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! .. I am becoming more familiar with South American/Peruvian Cuisine  the more I go to these restaurants, and also the more we have such knowledgeable & hot waitresses. Home girl broke down everything on the menu in English and Spanish (well sounded like Spanish). I ordered the arroz con maricos or something like that. It was the paella dish with seafood and red sauce. So good! I also liked how all the seafood was at the bottom of the dish. It was like opening a present with every bite. When were you gonna get the shrimp lol.. It was moderately priced and a bite of heaven in your mouth. Please go here.. and try the White sangria that has champagne and strawberries in it.. YUMMY!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,9/9/2010,222,319,8,9,9>I don't know why but I've been craving for donuts lately. Watching food TV shows such as Man vs. Food's Adam Richman pouring orange glaze over a massive donut in Austin or catching an hour long series called "Donut Paradise" may have contributed to that. So searching for the best donut place around here, I came across Stan's.It was already 2PM and the place closes at 3PM, but my craving was consuming me. Probably very little selection but I thought I'd chance it. When I got to Stan's (surprisingly adjacent to an Armadillo Willy's), there was indeed little to choose from. There were quite a bit of glazed followed by several sugar coated, a few sprinkle coated, and one chocolate glazed bar. I decided to get a half dozen (3 glazed, 2 sugar coated, 1 sprinkle) which all came to $4.65 and left with my pillowy grease bombs in a white paper bag.I had to have a glazed one immediately upon entering my car. The texture was soft, even slight creamy, light and airy. It was one of the best donuts I've ever had. After devouring it, I rushed home and immediately consumed another one, this time after a 15 second blast in the microwave, which further unleashed more of its magical powers.So guess what? I have a fever. And the only prescription is.........Stan's Donuts!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,9/8/2010,733,936,8,15,13>How did I pass this place for years without knowing what a nice little Thai place this was? I'll tell you why, it was in a random strip mall that looked incredibly ghetto next to a high school and across from a 24 Hour Fitness.The place gets really crowded during work lunch hour, so come early especially if you have 4+ people. I've only gotten the lunch specials here, but you can't really beat the price for just the right amount of tasty food. I can't say this is super-authentic, but it definitely seems to please most palates.The place is nice and cool on hot summer days and is also right next to a yogurt place, so you can really hit the spot even after lunch.Whenever I have thai, I always look for Pad see-ew. I've heard that it's not at every thai place (unlike pad thai) and it varies from restaurant to restaurant due to regional if not family differences in the recipe. This place was very good. Not the best, but one of the best I've had in the South Bay. This place would be more of a 3.5, but I love going here once in awhile as a break from the work cafe and typical fare within a 1-mile radius of my work.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,9/7/2010,299,340,22,19,16>Ok. I'll admit it. I suck at being Japanese. Blame it on my U.S.-born parents and the fact they didn't force me to go to Japanese Sunday school, but:1. I can't speak Japanese. I took a conversational Japanese class a few years ago but have now forgotten almost everything. I speak better Spanish than Japanese. I *can* pronounce "sake" (the drink) correctly, but my parents only recently brought to my attention that I say "izakaya" like a gaijin. Apparently it's ee-zah-kah-yah instead of izuh-kaiyuh. Who knew?2. I neither take nor pose for many photos, unless I'm at a Yelp event. Come to think of it, though, I've started doing those Asian photo poses since I've become a Yelper, so maybe Yelp is turning me Japanese!3. I drive perfectly fine, thank you very much. But I do drive a Honda.4. I don't do karaoke, though I can pronounce it correctly. But somehow I've started saying carry-oh-kee.So how did I find myself at Music Tunnel KTV the other night? Because it was *the* place to be, thanks to Connie C.I was really impressed by the private rooms, which were similar to lounges in nice bars. The equipment seemed to be top of the line, too, with a computerized, touch-screen song selection system and big flat-screen TVs. We were lucky to be in one of the largest rooms, which easily accommodated 15-20 people, but even the smaller rooms were nicely appointed. Kudos to owner Stanley for running such a classy establishment, and thanks for chatting with us about future plans. He says you can even create your own song list and store it on their system for next time!Even though I don't carry-oh-kee, I had fun hanging out with friends who do. Somehow, being in a private room with friends makes the whole singing in public thing less scary.Bobby, cue up "Turning Japanese," please. :)
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,9/6/2010,360,78,8,19,8>Honestly. I'm obsessed with Dr.Yeh. If you were allowed to make a dermatologist your primary care physician, I would make her mine. I've been seeing Dr.Yeh for YEARS now... with insurance, without insurance- doesn't matter. She's brilliant. ALWAYS willing to help. She totally normal, not just "normal for a doctor". AND she's super understanding of my vanity- Another reason I adore her. I mean really. I lament the appearance of fine lines and then occasional breakout- and Dr.Yeh fills my head with knowledge and my hands with samples. I've been living in Central America and despite the sunblock I've slathered on, I've become more tan and freckled than anyone should ever be.... and I keep thinking- when I book my plane ticket back to the States, I should ALSO book an appointment with Dr. Yeh.  She's a priority for me!She's the best!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,9/5/2010,388,717,10,13,13>I had a pasta craving and lunch was just around the corner.  I thought why not look up a place near work.  I always pass by this place many times, but never thought to check it out.  I wish I didn't listen to the directions and just went on my instinct instead cuz I was right and knew where it was.  Its a cute little place.  I end up ordering pasta with pesto.  The pesto was really light but it needed salt there was not much flavor to it.  After I added the salt it was good.  I mostly enjoyed the bread sticks with the cream cheese spread.  The bread was fresh and soft and the spread went well with it.  It was good!  Overall not bad for lunch and I got my pasta fix which was what I wanted.  Yes I am a happy girl.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,9/4/2010,428,2224,24,24,20>My long over due review... If VIP was a group therapy psychologist it would be the jedi master of the year since the folks who work here are the most patient saints in the whole entire world...that and VIP always brings out what the subconscious wants to do but won't.. this could also be in part to the copious amounts of alcohol.. I like to think it is "the atmosphere"1. They have food and alcohol combos2. Their seafood pancake is one of the few I like.. not too greasy and doesn't taste like flour and seafood.. 3. The people behind the bar are saints... they are super patient, are some of the fastest walkers EVER and keep to themselves... 4. Where ever you turn there is a mini shot glass, a pot or green glass bottle with a cute Asian hottie and the phrase "Feeln Cool" 5. Odd mix of music means grindin' (or as I like to call it "stirring the pot and shaking") 6. The bathroom is reasonably clean 7. Lots of water is available a moments notice 8. Parking is a plenty outside 9. Despite 7 and 8 should have a DD and a back up DD 10. For those of you who don't drink like myself between the music and the food it is a great place to hang with your friends who like to indulge.Can't we just have a "quiet evening" here for once?  :-PMost importantly.. VIP is like Vegas.. what happens there stays there (disclaimer: until the pics go on Facebook... get ready to detag!)  The one thing I will say about this place is that although they keep to themselves.. do they ever cut people off?
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,9/3/2010,576,429,14,19,17>Did you know Kitsho has an entire menu in Chinese, with dishes not on their English menu?Dating a Chinese guy FTW.The first time I ever went here, I didn't know they had ankimo but they do! You just have to ask :)Some of the reviews say that the service is okay to bad. I honestly thought the service was top-notch. Our server was extremely friendly (think bubbly) and efficient. She cleared our plates pretty quickly, which made room for all the food we ordered.+ Chicken Karaage: They used dark meat! The crispy skin isn't like your "regular" chicken karaage. Very light but was really crispy! Very good, but it doesn't come with the mayo sauce or lemon.+ Ankimo Appetizer: Cold cut pieces of ankimo in ponzu sauce. Harder than other places I've tried but always delicious.+ Hamachi Sashimi: 5 pieces for $9.00, pretty pricey but the pieces are thick!+ Hamachi Kama: Juicy and delicious. I usually don't eat cooked fish but I do like this dish!+ Amaebi (3x): WITH the fried heads! LOVE the fried heads. The sushi is pretty fresh too.+ Uni (2x): Sweet and creamy, but the dude spooned it allll out of wack. Made it look very unappetizing.+ Tobiko (2x): YUM.+ Chirashi: Sorry, but I'll pass next time. This came out in a beautiful, inviting box. The top shelf was the fish and the bottom was the sushi rice with mushrooms. Looked very pretty but the pieces of fish were whatever. Choice of sashimi was not to my liking either.The prices are extremely reasonable! We paid $100 for everything plus a large hot sake!I would definitely try to sit at the bar in front of the head chef and try their omakase. I want to try that some day!Will definitely be back here - the place where we go for good sushi in the South Bay!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,9/2/2010,539,247,9,9,9>Man am I behind on reviews. Came here for the 2nd time after with my gf after we got our nails did next door.We shared a 10 piece original, I've been told the spicy sauce in the bottles is the spicy sauce they drench the spicy wings in so why kill more trees and make a mess of yourself?99 chicken wings are fat and plump compared to the tiny anorexic wings you get at Wingstop. Each dine in meal comes with an all u can eat salad, rice, and water bar. I got my daily veggie allowance with iceberg lettuce, carrots, brocolli, canned corn, and pickled daikon.Minus 1 star for hairs on my wing, not spicy enough sauce and ambiance. I know hair on wings is normal but it reminds me of hairy prickly legs. I don't like orange (the interior is orange) service is mediocre, and all the photos of patrons on the wall freak me out. (If it was only of hot girls it be a different story)
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,8/30/2010,517,79,20,21,14>Greetings Shipmates:Your Captain has motored by Dona Maria Mexican Restaurant on S. Bascom Ave a dozen times or more over the last couple of years.And, like so many times in the past, he dismissed it as just another more or less, adequate or not, Mexican American greasy cuchara, based solely on the threadbare appearance of it's store front, and the tired little strip mall it occupies.Having other favorites much closer to home, it was ignored as not being worth the bother, until I saw it featured on the welcome page in the "Hot on Yelp" list.  This was intriguing.  They have a super high score, but from a small sample of only about 60 postings.So, after Ma Megabyte admonished The Captain sternly for his latest "epic fail" at having not investigated this tiny joint years ago, we trekked the extra miles to the place and discovered why, despite it's stellar rep on yelp, it didn't have hundreds of reviews.  The sign in front stated it was established in 2008!Upon entering, one immediately notices this is a nicely appointed Mexican family joint, with the inevitable piñatas and gilt embroidered sombreros, and artsy renderings of rustic and exotic landscapes and people everywhere inside.  But what really gives it panache, is its sparkling cleanliness!  It looks as fresh as if they opened last week.  The restrooms gleam, and appear to be far more sanitary than the dining areas of half the budget hash houses Ma and The Captain have trudged in and out of here in the SF Bay area.  Anyone in the know about dining out, fine or otherwise, will advise you to check the bathrooms.Ma and I settled down to discover if the service and food actually rate the accolades posted to date, and if this could be considered a real "find".Having already seen our rating for the joint, Dear Readers, you all know the answer, yet I will take relish in relating the details.We arrived before 5:30, avoiding the dinner rush, and were seated immediately and graciously.  The fabled chips and salsa arrived with alacrity and they were all they had been cracked up to be.Freshly fried chips with a bowl of some of the freshest, loveliest pico de gallo either Ma or I have tasted so far.  Fearful of jinxing the whole enterprise by being adventurous, we eschewed some of the apparently authentic specialty items featured on the chalk board, such as dishes featuring nopalitos, (That's prickly pear cactus, gringos) and seafood dishes, some of which feature pulpo.  (Octopus Gringos, Octopus)Cravenly, we opted for comfort favorites, I got the green enchiladas with cheese and chicken and Ma got the burrito with carnitas."Cravenly yer crenellated buttocks, Cap'n Tubby Hole, or whatever yer a' callin yerself this week!  Speak fer yerself ya swab!" [[This semi-psychotic outburst is brought to you by Ma Megabyte The Hexadecimal Hellcat, who is The Captain's Spouse, Chief Tormentor, and Partner in Crime.]]Ma, if you are going to persist in appearing suddenly in my psyche and rupturing reality by gushing forth on the pages of my reviews, at least try to be somewhat coherent in your ravings.  Are you outraged by the condition of my buttocks, or my choice of descriptors?"Ya know damn well, if'n a joint cain't handle the cheaper and simpler choices well, the fancier stuff won't be worth oakum!  SOP is, order ordinary first.  If'n it's good, the more exotic stuff will be too.  And don't sass me or I'll suspend yer wanking privileges agin!Sigh...  Yes dear.  Anyway, everything set before us was absolutely first class.  My great steaming platter was freighted with 3 enchiladas which were stuffed alternately with melted cheese or succulent chicken, and deluged with freshly made sauce, then squiggled liberally with fresh crema. Combined with the the excellent frijoles and rice, this made for gastrogasms of a size in proportion to the servings, as well as our appetites.  Not to mention, the glasses of soda were refilled relentlessly by the excellent server."Hell Pa!  Don't fergit ta mention my vittles!"Oh!  Er... Umm, yes!  The massive burrito set before Ma was as wonderful as it was huge.  Crammed with succulent carnitas, along with the usual suspects, it was a standout in a region famed for terrific burritos.  What made this meal special was the exquisite freshness evident in everything we tasted..."Are ya takin notes on this, people?  Especially you "Mexican" restaurant owners.  It's all about FRESHNESS, and QUALITY!"OK Ma, I think they get the point.  No where else in the South Bay have we found a cantina to rival this one.  Absolutely smashing.If you're not convinced yet, just look at the pictures we uploaded.  That's all folks!The Captain and Ma.This and all other reviews posted on yelp.com by "Captain Pie Hole" are copyrighted 2009/2010 by Pie Hole Publishing. All rights reserved.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,10/10/2011,667,199,12,17,15>I will be coming here today at 8pm, so I thought I should write a review about this place..lol My friends and I have been almost coming here every week. It has been our staple spot to come for 3 dollar Sake bombs before we go out anywhere. The servers are really nice and its always super packed every time we go. I suggest come early...Now time for the food. I LOVE LOVE LOVE the SPICY JUNO!! It's my favorite roll on the menu. It has crab, spicy tuna and a jalapeno on top with their special sauce. Their sashmi is really fresh and I love the spicy tuna hand rolls. If you're thinking about having a nice quiet evening out with your date..I do not suggest coming here, it is LOUD and can get crazy up in here, but all in all good times!!!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,10/9/2011,637,212,9,10,12>I can honestly say this place is endearing to me on all levels. I lived across the street from this fine establishment from 1989 till 2003. As a kid growing up, I indulged in the awesomeness that is THE original King Eggroll. The address to this place maybe Lundy Ave but look outside the next time you're at this place to catch the street sign says King Rd, hence King Eggroll.  :D Take it from me, I will always be a lifelong patron of this spot!In 1994, I was a happy 10-year old coming here with my parents. The food aroma hasn't changed since then. My dad would always order me an extra eggroll since I'd try to steal his. He called me the eggroll monster, always greedy for an extra eggroll!In 2001, I was a 17-year old junior in high school at Independence (around the corner) and I used to ditch during lunch time to come here. I treated this place like my own personal lunch room. I also bough sticky rice balls to bring back to school. Yum!In 2003, I was 19 and (sadly) moving away from the area. My last glance of my childhood home was around noon-time but I couldn't leave without eating here. I ordered a half-half chow mein/fried rice with sweet and sour pork, potstickers and a chicken skewer. I think that was the last happy meal I had in a long time.In 2010, I was 25. - I'm all growed up but this place still makes me feel like a kid. I was visiting my BFF who still lived off of Flickenger and swung by King Eggrolls. I ordered my usual plate and savored every bit of it.I never cared that this place was sort of dingy. I never cared that I had to cramp into that small-ass eating area. I never cared for the service or the crusty line neither but dammit, this food is AMAZING. I have never been able to find another spot like it!This is the only place I'll order party trays from or even consider food from. Forget about the other King Eggrolls, this is OG!Berryessa has always been my home so that makes King Eggroll my forever home. Every time I step foot into this place, I hear a voice that tells me "welcome home." :)P.s. Cash only. For those of you who like to forget, don't worry there's an ATM by the front door.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,10/8/2011,412,313,7,15,8>Great place for a workout! I've been recently taking Yoga here with my friend and her mom and I love how clean this facility is.This sports center has been here for quite awhile but it's very well maintained and they offer a variety of classes.The staff is helpful and quite friendly. This place is great if you don't want any long term commitment. (For those who are really busy) We pretty much only pay for however many session we want to attend. It's about $15 for 5 sessions and you can add more as you go along.There aren't any extra fees for residents, make sure you bring two proofs of residency when you sign up!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,10/7/2011,1114,1200,8,13,9>If you are looking for Japanese grocery item, your best bet is Mitsuwa. If they don't have it, you most likely have to order it online. Excellent snack selection. They carry a lot of seasonal and special edition Japanese snacks not easily found elsewhere. Excellent fresh produce and sashimi selection (but come here early since good stuff sell out fast). Decent cooked food and bento boxes. There are also housewares and electronics department, a nice Manjyu store and a really good food court (with the legendary Santouka Ramen) inside this mega marketplace. Japanese grocery stores are all clean and organized but Mitsuwa is even better than most. It's spacious and really easy to shop. I wish all grocery stores are like Mitsuwa.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,10/6/2011,224,712,8,9,11>I don't know which is more sad. The fact that I spent 3 years in a building within a stone's throw of Park Place and never set foot in the restaurant, or that I did finally get to try it 2 weeks before moving, and discovered that it was amazingly good.I won't wax on and on. I'll only say that you should definitely try the buttermilk chicken n'waffle sandwich (with bacon and avocado per the waitress's suggestion, bomb!) and those deliciously subtle truffle fries. Crab and corn chowder was a WIN.Quick, superbly friendly service. A 1pm meeting kept me from ordering and completely devouring the broiche bread pudding. Someday in the future, I promise.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,10/5/2011,1260,803,22,27,22>VIETNAMESE CHEAP EATS ON SANTA CLARA STREET!!!- Free range chicken?  I'm soooo there!  Yes, go for free range chicken.    Its juicy, healthier, and you can taste the difference!- Word of mouth has it that Com Ga Nam An is one of the few places that serves free range chicken in the Bay Area.- Recommends:   Get the BBQ chicken rice plate.  It's simple and straight forward with a small bowl of chicken soup broth and cilantro.- Ask for the chicken rice!   Its steamed rice cooked in chicken broth!  Very delish!!!- This joint is mom and pops style...so don't hate.- Sorry no fried chicken up in here.- If you check in using Yelp, Four Square, FB, or Loopt, you get a free soda.- Parking is plentiful in their lot.Accepts Debit:  Yes.- Perfect for lunch or dinner on a dime.- Wanna be brave?  Order the giblets like I did.   Its steamed chicken guts.    Yes, I'm country like that.- Too bad this is not close to my crib because I'd be there like a hungry wolf to a hen house.- Came here with the big recommend by Cindi N.   - Yes, we were driving around town with Rich and Jean and talking about .... "Where should we eat?"- Thank you Rich N for dinner.  Sorry I forgot the menu prices because this "bi-ya" paid for dinner.Four stars for now.   I'm going back again this week, next week....etc.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,10/4/2011,351,376,6,8,6>This place is one of a kind!  I'm used to bars being groddy, understaffed, guarded by bouncers that abuse their power, and crowded.  However, Singlebarrel wasn't guilty of any of these!!!  I came with four other people last night around 9:15PM and there was a line outside the door.  We overheard that the wait was about 30-40 minutes and were debating on whether or not to leave.  But since we made the trip from Santa Clara, we decided to stay.  It took awhile for us to get to the front, but when we got to the door we were kindly greeted by a man in a 20's outfit.  A flapper girl hostess guided us down these stairs to the "speakeasy."  The lights were dim and the hostess showed us where to get our drinks and where to sit.  Yes, you better believe it...there was SERVICE at this bar!  Our bartender was SUPER friendly and I loved it!  He kept asking us what types of drinks we like and what exactly did we like about the drinks.  It took him about 10-15 minutes to make all of our drinks, but it was very entertaining to watch.   Drinks were around $10-$11.  A tad pricey, but worth it.  I'm definitely coming back here again and highly recommend it!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,10/3/2011,782,197,25,10,6>Get sloppy this classic Sunnyvale dive bar complete with cheap drinks and quirky clientele. Warning: be careful when you order your PBR at The Bonnet. Apparently "Pabst Beer" sounds like "Pap smear". A pap smear is something you don't want to get at this local watering hole.Why doesn't every bar next to a trailer park open at 6am? The best part about this dive bar is that they are trying really hard to be a sports bar. In fact, if you mention the trailer park next door, they will tell you about how they are "not affiliated" and once again remind you that The Blue Bonnet is a sports bar. When I'm in a sassy mood, I like to mention the trailer park a lot. That trailer park gets under their skin the same way their scuzzy bathroom gets under my skin. Bonus: there are fancy purse hooks under the bar.Safety third: beware of drunk people throwing darts.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,10/2/2011,378,778,9,11,11>Thank you to a good friend for recommending Score to me! I am so happy to have found a great chiropractic place that takes my insurance! Finally no longer having to pay lots of money to be adjusted and now that I am pregnant....I need weekly visits due to my lower back and tailbone pain. I have been seeing Dr. Travis and he is awesome! Super personable and friendly and easy to talk to. I love my visits with him and always feel 100% better after my visits. They usually start me out in one of the rooms on my left hip and the Dr. uses this machine that sort of reminds me of a sander to massage my lower back really well. It feels great! Then he moves me over to an adjustment table where we do some leg stretches and then on to the adjustments. Every week is a little different for me since he is slowly trying to accommodate to my growing belly and use the best techniques to achieve optimal feel good status. I highly recommend this place for your adjustments and regular appts!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/1/2011,263,243,6,7,8>I really love this adorable bakery!I really love all of their items: almond danish, chocolate pie, onigiris (tuna), tuna sandwich, yakisoba pan, tempura pan, croquette pan- everything! The price is very reasonable- $1.5-4  for most of the bakery items which is a great price for the quality items that you can choose from!I would love to come back and try their dinner- which is actual meals such as katsu and such!Highly recommended! Stop by and grab some delicious items!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,9/30/2011,2053,795,12,13,10>I've always been very skeptical about airbrush tanning since I tried once for the first time years ago when it was still pretty new to the market. I was blotchy, streaky and smelled mcnasty. No bueno!Scheduling a later appointment with Julie on a weekday was a breeze. I got the first time client BOGO deal. Julie really knows her ish when it comes to airbrush. I told her my legs have a problem of getting color, even after 8 years of bed/booth tanning, my legs never got the Jerseylicious color that I longed for. Julie totally understood where I was coming from and off my clothes went and on went the airbrush sprayer she used on me and especially on my lighter areas (legs, chest, neck). As I was drying myself with the fan she left on for me in the room, I noticed that the smell of the tan itself is quite pleasant. Yep, I said it...pleasant! You won't walk outta there looking and smelling like a rotten orange.The shop itself is a very cute boutique right smack dab in Willow Glen. Julie has some bikinis, jewelry and more importantly the right type of bodywash, lotion, tan extender for sale there. I purchased the Hemp bodywash and a small travel size of the Hemp lotion when I was there the first time and decided to go with the bigger sized bottle of Hemp lotion and also the tan extender lotion the 2nd time around. Prices are slightly cheaper than beauty supply chains! Only reason why I'm not giving this place 5 stars is the fact that I did have to wait an extra 20 minutes my first appt. due to the clients before me lagging and getting there late and also the fact that it is not the cheapest option for a tan. Maybe I'm still bias to my skin-cancer enhancing tanning booths? Just maybe. :P
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,9/29/2011,522,445,16,16,13>I firmly believe that the Crow pose will come in handy (har har, handy, get it?) should I one day find myself unfortunately locked in a mini-fridge.  Or the headstand will help me narrowly escape death if I were ever trapped in between two shipping cargoes.And that's why when I found this amazing studio, I signed up for the unlimited month pass after finishing my five Groupon classes. Just Breathe is a small studio.  This puts a cap on the number of students allowed in each class, which is a good thing because the instructors can focus more on individual students.  During popular sessions, you may find yourself uncomfortably close to the person next to you, that as you bend down to do a tripod, the tip of your nose grazes pass the surface of their perked up bottom, located three inches before your face.  And during those crowded, heated sessions, you may find the room getting stuffier and stuffier... I've had some moments where I thought, "if I hold in this position for two more breath cycles, I will face-plant and pass out."BUT, the reason why I highly recommend this studio is because it simply has the most amazing instructors that can guide you with all your yoga needs!My first class ever was with Angie, Saturday mid-morning.  As you can imagine, it is probably the most crowded session because people get to sleep in a bit before they have to dig themselves up for the 10:00 a.m. class.  Angie has great positive energy.  She is also very patient, and the amount of yogis in that class did not deter her from going around, helping everyone adjust  their poses.  I think Angie is also the hardest instructor that I've had so far, judging from the sweat puddle that gathered on my mat.I had Noell for the "Hardcore Abs" class, in which she integrated yoga and pilates (I think?) to help me find the muscles I think I have underneath my fab flab.  I was surprised that I wasn't bending over, cursing in pain and dying from soreness after class.  It is probably the point of yoga, though, that it gently gives you that washboard abs instead of straining your muscles.  I do find Noell's teaching style very interesting and inspiring, where she focuses more on the spiritual side of yoga, using words like "heart" and "earth". Wayne is always energetic and seems to be full of enthusiasm.  I feel that his teaching style is more powerful with more rapid movements.  I find students making more requests during his class.  I also love that he always demonstrates for the class before we bend ourselves into a twisty cinnamon pretzel.And my absolute favorite instructor is Ishmael.  My spinning mind instantly calms down as soon as I walk into his class.  He has the most sooooooothing voice, and he comes around adjusting poses more often than the other instructors.  Or maybe I just can't do the poses right during his class because I am too relaxed... but either way - I find him giving students a lot more individual attention.  My favorite part about his class is that at the end of each session, he comes around to each student while we lay on the ground and he would rub our shoulders, temples and foreheads with what I believe to be tea tree/eucalyptus oil while calmly giving a spiel in his gentle voice on the seven Chakras.  It is very refreshing after a session of heated yoga!Being someone that seriously lacks balance (I can't tell you how many times I've tripped on perfectly flat ground or fell over standing still... sober, too!) and also a commitment-phobe, signing up for yoga that's quite far from where I live shows how great this studio is!  The ease of signing up too - you can go online and look up the class schedules, register for classes, and even print a schedule with all the classes you've signed up!  I honestly couldn't ask for anything better.Now, let's talk about that crow pose... my goal is to be able to hold in the crow pose by the end of this year, because I foresee being trapped in a mini-fridge in the very near future.====================================Go here for my post-class reflections: pegsie.wordpress.com/cat
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,9/28/2011,451,735,9,9,9>I rarely make it out to the Asian plazas for Chinese food. I used to when I worked near Ranch 99 in Milpitas. These days, when I crave Chinese, I head to Willow Glen and eat at Taiwan!Everything is pretty SOLID.Chinese chicken salad is always a hit. Prawns w/ black bean sauce is my fave. Prices are super reasonable and service is great. I even purchased a bottle of their famous salad dressing to eat at home!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,9/27/2011,545,312,10,21,14>Yum - good hearty breakfast, diner-like but spacious and airy atmosphere, attentive staff and inexpensive to boot!  A sure win :)It can be a little difficult to spot from the street even though it has an address that's on El Camino Real.  It's in the very back of the old Mervyn's shopping plaza, at the intersection of El Camino Real and Scott Blvd.Went here with a bunch of friends for an early Sunday morning (8 AM) breakfast on our way to jumping out an airplane in Hollister.  The jump was subsequently canceled due to inclement weather but our spirits would not be dampened by this!  The breakfast, company and conversation helped ensure that!I had a spinach, mushroom and gorgonzola scramble that came with some amazing hash browns and a choice of toast (I chose rye), pancakes or waffle.  It was quite delicious and the portion was healthy but not overwhelming.  At less than $10, this is a great way to start a Sunday - wish they had mimosas or Bloody Marys - that would have made it perfect instead of just great :)Other items at the table;- Supreme Omelet Souffle - awesome looking 3 egg and hunks of meat dish that can easily feed Rhode Island for a week- Santa Cruz scramble - another veggie option that looked really nice - must try for next time- French toast with a side of crispy bacon- Eggs over easy with corned beef hash- Steak and eggs- Another veggie omelet souffle with avocado that looked awesome!Wit coffee for about half of the crew and all the food mentioned above, the total before gratuity was only about $102 - an excellent value.We killed about an hour and a half here and never felt rushed at all.  Coffee and water were refilled regularly and empty plates cleared efficiently.  The staff was quite friendly but not overly so.I would go back here for breakfast any time and if you're in the area, I recommend it.  ~ 4 stars overall for great value!# 231
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,9/26/2011,244,84,19,13,8>28 years I have lived in the area and can finally say we have a pretty legit sushi restaurant in the neighborhood! For those of you that moved away, this restaurant has taken the spot of the old Mt. Mike's Pizzeria. I may upgrade this to 5 stars but I didn't order enough to really see how great their menu is, but from what I can tell, this is a winner winner chicken dinner. Speaking of which, I ordered the chicken teriyaki dinner with tempura. Also a spicy tuna roll, sake maki, and california rolls. whose fat? this guy!The chicken teriyaki was awesome. They didn't douse it in sauce and that makes sense with the way they cooked the chicken breast. The most tender I have ever found, better than my favorite Japanese restaurants in Campbell like Michi Sushi, and Sushi Zono. I know no one gets excited about chicken teriyaki, niether do i, so the fact that this dish stood out speaks volumes about the quality and prep of this common dish. The california rolls were a good deal. 6 pieces for 4 bucks, they are 'two bites and they are gone' size. I prefer this to the Ariaki sushi restaurant where they pump the cali rolls with growth hormones and a single piece is the size of your fist. gross.  The spicy tuna rolls was good, didn't need wasabi to chase it down like I do at other restaurants.The fact is, I would usually make the 30 minute round trip drive to campbell when grabbing japanese take out, but this restaurant changes everything. This is like when facebook came out and the myspace executives pooped themselves because they were about to lose a big chunk of  the market share. Its the same thing here. Almaden residents have a great local option now and we should rally behind it before it gets replaced by lets say a Mt. Mike's Pizzeria.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,9/25/2011,240,70,9,12,11>Ok seriously, where do these successful Asian business owners get it from? You know what I'm talking about. It's that "edible crack" that is completely inconspicuous when put into food until 2 days later all your fatass can think about is the exhilarating aroma and salivating sensation on your taste buds. Boiling Crab has the same thing. Though I am proud to say that I have successfully weened myself to an acceptable dosage - once or twice a month. (At my peak high, I was going 3-4 times per week. Yikes!)Orenchi has been my new addiction. So far, I have been going once a week. Not too bad. I'll just do a summary since most reviews already go into detail:-There is a wait but you know your fatass is going to do it anyway. And it's not as bad as Boiling Crab. Usually around 30 min.-There are people lining up even before they open. That's how good it is. (I came right at 5:30 once and still had to wait.)-The egg is the best! Like the stuff you dream about...-I always get the Orenchi ramen. My cousin got the salt base ramen before - not as great. Of note, the noodles are different, too (thinner.) The noodles in the Orenchi ramen have the perfect diameter/thickness.-Service is great and semi-fast.-They don't have too many options besides ramen so if you're looking for something else, I wouldn't bother. They have little rice bowls but they are literally LITTLE.So I just got back from New York and I have to say that Orenchi is SO MUCH BETTER than Ippudo NY!!! Maybe it came close but it just wasn't up to par. Now I just have to try Daikokuya in Los Angeles!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,9/24/2011,128,241,45,13,12>Love is such a fantastic feeling.  You want to make the person you're in love with feel as good as he or she makes you feel.  There really is nothing better on this planet.BUT, what feels good to one person could be a living hell for another.  My definition of a session at the spa is a relaxing sit in a hot tub followed by a nice, gentle, relaxing massage.  If you are familiar with traditional Korean massages, you're about to laugh at me.After a nice wine tasting afternoon in Paso Robles, my wonderful, loving girlfriend decided to surprise me and take me to get a massage.  I, of course was in a nice buzz-nap from the drive and awoke outside of Family Medical Health Center.  I thought, "aw, how nice"In the spirit of surprises, I was told to just go into this room at this time, not knowing what kind of massage I was in store for.  What a great girl friend right?Ok, so I'm told to lie naked on some table that's kinda out in the open. Uncomfortableness is settling in.  The guy then folds a soaked hand towel over my junk.  Awkward.  Next thing I know the guy is rubbing my skin off with some sponge from hell.  Remember, I was not mentally prepared for this.  I wanted to cry in my head, but I figured I'd endure the pain.  The only thing that kept me going was knowing my girlfriend must be laughing at me at that very moment.  I have a weird sense of humor.After what seems like the worst 30 minutes of my life I was told to shower.  Ok cool, I survived and now I'm done right?  No?  Get back on the table?  Oh $h!t...After the first 10 seconds of the massage I decided to nickname my nameless buddy "iron thumbs."  I did not know you could dig your fingers between shoulder blades, between muscles and ligaments, and other areas I don't want to remember.  I also concluded in my mind that he must have learned these techniques at a terrorist camp.  I'm deployed in Iraq, but my only PTSD is from this place.In all honesty, the massage was probably excellent for what it was supposed to do.  My body did feel better afterwards and my skin was buttery soft, but that's only if you could deal with the excruciating pain for that hour.  Oh, and I got crazy gas too, I'll somehow figure out if that was related to the massage though.Oh, and I love you Chrissy, I'll somehow find a way to return the favor... :^P
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,9/23/2011,36,50,4,4,6>After a grocery shopping trip to Seafood City I stopped by Coffee Adventure for a much needed cup of coffee.  As many of my friends and family know I am not one for fancy lattes or iced coffees that closely resemble milk shakes.  I like my coffee strong and I take it black with no sugar.  I was pleasantly surprised by my coffee at Coffee Adventure, the flavor was smooth, dark, and rich.  I didn't order any of the food on the menu, but I did order a slice of the carrot cake and it was a wonderful accompaniment to my coffee.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,9/22/2011,405,477,9,12,11>Stepping foot inside of Paradiso conjured memories of meals with my Italian relatives. The staff was happy, talkative, and charming as they went about the restaurant. The setting is not upscale by any means, instead it's decorated the way an Italian Grandma's dining room would be; with simple decor and family portraits.The food isn't fine dining, you aren't going to find Giada DeLaurentiis in the kitchen. What you will find is excellent Italian comfort food. The steak sandwich (fridays only) seems to be what they are known for, but it isn't what most people think of when they hear "steak sandwich." You aren't going to get a thick cut of ribeye, instead you get several thin cuts of breaded beef soaked in rich tomato sauce that creates an incredibly tender, almost melt in your mouth, sandwich that you can't help but love. Eating here reminding me of one of my favorite Italian sayings, "a mangiar questa minestra o saltar questa finestra," which literally means "eat this soup or jump out this window," but is used the way Americans say "take it or leave it."
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,9/20/2011,1335,1550,15,17,18>I am amused and totally enamored by Amuse Bouche. In fact that's what I look forward to when I go to places like Manresa. It's beautifully prepared and plated. I would not bite on them right away but inspect and imagine what it would be to craft them myself.In short Amuse Bouche's are getting to be my obsession lately. Manresa did not disappoint.  Why would they? Although amuse bouche's are a  small part of the whole meal it represents what's about to come. A taste of what the chef has in store for you. Amuse Bouche means to "Amuse the Mouth". Manresa did a wonderful job from beginning to end. My palette was tickled and amused by the constant surprises their food offered.Awesome experience!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,5/20/2009,1806,1048,14,13,11>Highlight: 2 woMANs decked out in dressed up flashy sequence dresses with leggings and bold makeup came in to eat... emphasis on the woMANsThinking of where to eat.. Mini gourmet popped into my head since I always drive by the diner and remembering the 24 HOUR sign.. I never got myself to remember to try out the place in the past after a long night's fun.. I don't know why!! I pick this place over Denny's anytime now!  It doesn't make me feel sick afterwards with all that grease and oil that Denny's usually use in their foods.Breafast from 12am and on!!!! I got the $7.95 special where you can pick any 4 selections out of the list they give you.. I haven't had breakfast food in awhile so everything sounded super good!  So i told myself i'll wing it when the waiter comes and get our orders.  This is what came out of my mouth when he came:-2 eggs.. scrambled-biscuit and gravy- the gravy came out a bit cold... i asked my friend if it waas suppose to be warm :( .. but in any case! the gravy was good if it were hot.. and the biscuit was nice and fluffy!-hash browns-sausage.. which i asked him.. what do you prefer.. sausage links or patties? he replies " i don't like sausage....but they're good here! " no help that was.. hahaIn conclusion, Service: very friendly and nice! and quick i may add!Venue: cute and clean little diner at the corner of Bascom and Moorpark Ave.  Right across from San Jose City College.Major bonus: for their open hours! and alternative to Denny's
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2008,5/19/2009,218,378,10,18,14>a fabulous place for me to have my lunch meal here whenever i'm around the saratoga/san jose area.my usual fare of oyako don is prepared with generous portion of chicken and pleasant fluffy scrambled eggs, that is always beautifully on top of a steaming white rice.my favorite appetizer of agedashi tofu has always to be ordered, for it's wonderful taste really warmed up my palate for the main entree.the firm tofu is nicely deep fried. the outside has that healthy looking golden brown appearance, while the inside has that enchanting, snowy aspect to it. with that delicious, lush look combination, i always eat three ample pieces of tofu out of the 4 pieces they serve.the last piece has to be given to the beau. sharing is an act of kindness, you know.he likes to order the tomi bento, which has chicken teri, saba, tempura and sashimi which are always delicious and very enjoyable to eat.so the selections of a common lunch plate here are quite wonderful to choose from. teriyaki dishes, tonkatsu, tempura, shioyaki and don. all are served with your customary soup, salad and rice.they also have lunch special such as: unadon, karei-karaage, sushi lunch (7pcs sushi and 1 roll), sashimi lunch (all tuna or mix), white tuna lunch, chicken udon & small tekka don.from what i see from the other customers plate, their sashimi looks excellent. the freshly sliced fish is yet to be experienced, so a dinner date has to be set up.with it's small space and with the regular customers who adore to have their meals here, a line can be seen forming outside the door.i just love coming here, for it's simple, yet savory plates of japanese food.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,5/17/2009,1218,738,27,35,35>i think i may be a racist....so for some reason or another, we are driving to san jo you know for dinner... sure ok, i think to myself. san jos got some good food.im glad to see a korean joint in japantown. *exxxxcellent*we walk in and OH NOES. im thinking what the freak? a middle age round eyes is greeting us. thats the FIRST time ive ever been to a korean joint and a middle age white man say hello and seats us. i had some hesitation at this point. did they hire a white guy to make it more round eyes friendly? this aint no white people cooking korean food place is it?OOOH i get it. i see a tall and slightly too good looking hapa guy behind the bar area and oh and slightly shorter guy... and a korean lady... ahhh its a family run place!! nice. you have to love family businesses. for that alone i would give this place some credit. you see, its not JUST a family run place, but the place is a free child labor, korean family business (where my asian peoples at, you KNOW what im talking about), the kids are older, at least mid to late 20s kids. it great to see a family be able to work together like that.to the food. they have a good mixture of things ranging from ramyun to jap chae to jungols. HANDS DOWN SOME OF THE BEST MUSHROOM JUNGOL IVE EVER HAD. something about the broth, it was very refreshing, clean... id hate to compare it this way, but the broth tasted and felt something closer to a nabe youd get at a higher end japanese restuarant than a cheap eats korean place. this was not an msg and water broth. they took some time and care to make this. dining companions were talking about this and that... id stop them and say, damn this is good.... theyd talk about something else... WOW this mushroom jungol is excellent. dol sot bi bim bap with cheese? yeah, it was surprisingly really good. everything we had there was good to great. even the mandoo was great. there are not many places that get a euge stamp of approval for korean food. this place gets it.the feel i get here is a bigger, but not by that much, toyose or the spot lounge in the outer sunset in san francisco. a younger crowd, drinking and eating, but its not a rowdy place by any means. if you are ever out in this area. stop by. its definately worth trying. 4.5 rounded up for being a small, family owned business. we need to support these types of places the most. you dont want everything to be tgif, mcdonalds, home depots and walmarts right?
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2009,5/16/2009,345,254,8,10,12>So finally I made it in this place.... $5 cover gets you free coat check, which is always good when you're a girl.They played some old school songs as well as some new hits... overall good ass shakin' music. At first I wasn't too siked on my vodka cranberry, couldn't even taste the alcohol.. but after about 4 of them I was doing prrreeettty good. I like the main room with dance floor. Booths on the side and still a good amount of room left for the dance floor. We managed to venture upstairs to the restaurant and lounge area. Totally different vibe from downstairs. It's quite and has like a bohemian feel to it. Good place to venture if you want a break from the crowd. Since now actually being inside Motiv I think it has grown on me. Still not too happy about the cover, but ultimately I think it's worth it. I will most definitely be back.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,5/15/2009,244,197,9,11,11>Arrrgh!  One of these days I will remember to get the name of the server.  I went with friends on a Saturday, early, about noon or so.  We had just walked the MS Walk and we were supposed to meet another friend there.  Well, we talked and talked and talked (duh, Girls!) and the server kept coming over to check on us to see if we were ready.  She was not bothering us at all she was just being attentive.  She let us taste the fruit beer (at that time Passionfruit).  It was good.  Two of us ordered it.  Then, as is Murphy's Law as soon as we were ready to order the server got busy so we waited a bit.  Which was good because we were able to see what the table next to us ordered which caused the people in my party to change their minds as to what they wanted.I got a build-your-own-burger.  I ordered the smallest one, with cheddar, mayo (on the side), mushrooms, and garlic.  First of all, I want to say, it was really good.  I don't eat burgers that often and it was really good.  I think the garlic just made it ----YUM.  BUT, I had to splutch (it's a word now, because that best describes it) part of my bun off because it was beyond soggy.  It was ----eww, I can't even think about it.  I love bread and for me to get sick at the thought, is to say that, my poor burger bun was so icky.  But that is ok, I don't need all that bread anyway and it left more room so that I could finish the burger.  So aside from the portion of the bun being soggy it was great.  Besides a soggy bun attests to the fact that the burger was not dry.  And it was cooked perfect.  This burger really has me thinking about having another burger.  And they are not a normal part of my diet.  So it was really good.  The fries were good.  The beer was good.  It was all good.  I like that place.  Granted we have only been there when it was NOT crowded.  And that is nice.After we had our initial beers we ordered the sampler and the fruit beer was the one I liked the best, then the oatmeal one.  There were two that were so bitter (of course I don't remember what they were) that they were left for last.I think I will take my husband there soon.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,5/14/2009,180,338,12,12,12>OD's is a local Gilroy favorite, and I always pay homage to the local flavor.  It's located on a side street in old downtown Gilroy were parking can be a bit of a challenge on the weekends.  The setting is typical of an old diner, the tables and chairs are a bit run down, BUT who cares it's the food I'm more interested in eating.The most popular dish is the Kitchen Sink, my favorite! The Sink consists of small fried cubed potatoes, bell peppers, onions, ham, sausage, bacon, cheese, and topped with two eggs... Oh I forgot about the toast, you're gonna need it soak up the flavor :)The prices are pretty reasonable, and the service can be hit or miss on occasions.  I've had the experience of being waited on the same server from a previous review, and YES that waitress needs to go... She is not made for waiting tables.OD's is a solid place...
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/31/2008,5/13/2009,490,412,26,24,24>Did I ever tell you I have a degree in Cueology? Yes, I have it hanging on the wall...Fat Ronnie, PhD - Pig Heaven Delight. After eating at Andy's, I must give it a barely passing review.Here are some of my prerequisites to a good rib place, even before I step into the place: (a) The name of the place has to be a man's name (sorry Armadillo Willy's). (b) There has to be a light on at 4:00am, so I know someone's starting the fire. (c) you should see a wood pile at the back.After they pass that test, you go for the crunch test. Bite into the meat; you should feel a little crunch. That shows the meat was freshly cooked and not left under a heat lamp. Along with that crunch, you should see a pink smoke ring around the edge of the meat, showing smoke penetration. That's when you know it was smoked low and slow.Andy's does pass the test when it comes to the pork shoulder and spare ribs, but failed on the baby back ribs and brisket. They also failed on the sauce. The spicy is supposed to knock my socks off; it didn't even undo my shoe laces. And pass on the potato salad and other sides; they're just fillers. And I don't care about the unlimited garlic bread that tastes like bread brushed with butter.Next time I will stick with the pork ribs and shoulder, which were great.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,5/12/2009,564,356,15,15,15>5 stars all the way - Okay well maybe not for the service but the food definitely made up for it.I guess everyone knows of this spot except for me (well all my boy's group does, at least) and it is supposed to be the "go-to" spot. So we were seating around on Saturday night just finishing the Charger game and were starving at 9:30pm - What could be open in our area (Hostetter, Lundy, Berryessa area) - mostly only Asian places but that's fine by me. H and D mentioned this place and I felt, why not? We came in and surprisingly, there was a lot of ppl in there so late. We ordered the Calamari, Roasted duck and Chicken platter, A beef rice plate and I ordered the House Chow Mein. WOW! Everything was great! The chow mein rocked my world - I now have found the best gosh darn chow mein of my life - I don't have to look any further...So I'm sure the boy's plates were great too since they scarved them down but I was too concentrated on my plate to taste test anything - Oh and the calamari was good but I wish it would have come with a sauce of some type to dip the pieces in. I recommend this place to any chow mein lover in a heart beat!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2008,5/11/2009,388,717,16,18,18>Thank you Michael L for organizing Lunch. Today I had lunch with Michael L, Michael C, and Ron L. What a great lunch it was. I never been to Parcel 104, heard about it but never went. Consider its so close to work too. Today we all had the Stimulus Lunch, which included a salad, entree, and dessert for $25 bucks. Today was the last day to enjoy this type of special. I just heard about it on the radio this morning that a few restaurants are doing this. The decor is very nice inside, you would not think it would be from the outside but very spacious. The hostess was friendly and our waiter was great. He was very nice and attentive. He liked my shirt I was wearing. "This is how I roll" The salad was great, with apples, blue cheese, and candy walnuts. The steak was perfect with Cauliflower gratin. The dessert was the best, I love the Flan they gave us. All that for $25 bucks. Overall a wonderful lunch, great company, and nice decor. No complaints over here. I would love to come back.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,5/10/2009,679,81,21,17,16>About a month ago, a friend of mine sent a mass email out about Jumpy World (I legitimately thought that was the name until I just searched for it on yelp). Five hours and 30 emails later, we had a plan to drive down from San Francisco to Santa Clara for Saturday morning Airobics class. Predictably, the plan completely fell apart when everyone drank too much on Friday night. But finally....four Saturdays later, down from eight to the truly dedicated three, we got our asses out of bed and made the journey to Jumpy World. Naturally, we dressed in 80s workout wear. I assumed this was standard practice for trampoline aerobics, but the side comments I overheard about it not being theme day when we arrived proved me wrong. Yes, this place smells terrible. It's a combination of feet, sweat and ass. Aside from the ass,  what else would one expect a trampoline warehouse to smell like?$7 buys you one hour on the tramp. Five minutes of freestyle to start, 45 minutes of hardcore airobics, and five minutes of freestyle at the end. After 45 minutes of 80s/early 90s jams in the car, we were totally ready to get our tramp on, until the following exchange took place:Girl in line: Have you guys taken this class before?My friend: No, we're super excited!Girl: yeah,  it's really funFriend: we drove all the way from San Francisco!Girl: Oh....well it's not THAT funWhatever biatch!!!! Airobics rulezzzz. And it was THAT fun! I half expected it to be a joke and half expected to get my ass kicked. The ass kicking expectation was dead on, I am freaking sore today. It turns out one hour of bouncing around is actually kind of hard. I'd say we were all out of breath within the first three minutes and my abs were burning within just a few more. I just learned that tramping is an olympic sport and If this place were closer, I'd be at airobics class every week training for 2012.And it turns out they do have 80s night every month, so my assumption that 80s wear and tramp aerobics go hand in hand wasn't so crazy after all. If it were possible to rent this entire place out for a night, I would somehow get really rich, rent a party bus for all my friends in San Francisco, and have an 80s aerobic trampoline party. Anyone who thinks they can make that happen for me, please be in touch.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2006,6/17/2006,108,88,3,3,3>nothing says summer like coochie cutter shorts, funnel cake, and thrill rides!! i don't realize how much i love this place until i drive by it during winter and see the coasters frozen in time- no corkscrews, no riders, no screaming teenagers.  summer is here- please revel in the puke inducing glory that IS great america!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2006,6/16/2006,236,200,11,7,4>The highlight of this restaurant... again ... the bathrooms.Except this time, it's the ladies who get a little peek-a-boo at the men's urinals.  Thrilling... truly.I don't know why I'm writing about this.  Probably because all I finagled at the opening party was green jell-o and copious amounts of wine ...
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2006,6/15/2006,221,1885,29,20,17>The T-bone steak here was one of the best I have eaten in a long time.  I wanted to eat the bone, but my fat stomach cant digest it.  The service was very good and the food was reasonably priced for the quality ($30-$40).  When you walk in they have a window to the refrigerator so you can pick your cow before you eat it.  The first cow I picked looked really plump and fat.  But I realized that was my reflection against the window.  Two odd things at this restaurant stuck in my mind.  They have a "Hello Kitty" drink that comes dark brown.  When I think of hello kitty I think of white and pink.  I thought this was a stupid drink but the manatee ordered it anyways.  Secondly for a complimentary dessert they give you freshly swirled cotton candy.  Its definitely an original idea but I found it odd to be served circus/fair food at this place.  Overall, I loved it and will definitely be back.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2005,6/14/2006,71,58,9,1,1>I was on my first stick-shift driving lesson, down peninsula. Big Discovery for Natashka: I definately am at best when expressing myself manually. Driving through Woodside we passed Buck's, which I was informed is still where power-brokering goes on in valley. If there are two things Natashka likes, they are having Big Stick to Shift, and powerbrokering. Plus, I am very attracted to American Machismo names such as BUCK. I can hardly wait for my first powerbrokering session.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2005,6/13/2006,215,267,2,2,4>You must like hot, messy food to eat here. The Devil Bites are nice because they are solid strips of boneless breast meat rather than wings, so you can dig in with abandon. Don't let your eyes get bigger than you stomach, though, because 4 devil bites usually ends up being more meat than it sounds like. The sauces are pretty good, heaped on in excess. If I remember correctly, they only really get hot once you step above atomic, which is midway up the list. Whichever comes after that is what I usually got (thermonuclear?). Either way, you usually end up sucking sauce out from under your fingernails for the rest of the day.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/27/2005,6/12/2006,24,113,16,2,2>Also known as Intercourse Way, the rooms are clean.  I think they did a big renovation a couple years ago, and it was like a New Age-Oriental-decorating bomb went off and laid waste to the whole area.  That said, you do get a clean room.  The "rest areas" are also key because after being in the hot tub and steam room, you should rest.  Oh yes, plenty of rest.The piped-in music is like the stuff in the mental scene in "Silence of the Lambs:" it drives the inmates crazy.  Other than that, it's pretty soothing.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2006,6/11/2006,88,273,3,2,2>UPDATED 7/25/06: it's a hit or miss here sometimes in terms of freshness. we only order from here because it is very close to work and one of the more decent places. still, nothing great compared to some other places around.*********************************JUICY SUSHI! that's what my hubby says when he grabs my butt. it's neither juicy nor sushi but it's fun to say. anyway, whenever i get my sushi craving, i always come here. it's conveniently near work and always yummy. try the EEWA roll. definitely one of the better sushi joints in the area.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2006,6/10/2006,204,309,3,5,4>UPDATE: RIP The BEST Shepherds Pie on the planet. The lone bagpiper on the hill plays for thee. I mourn deeply.The White Cockade is easy to miss. I'd ridden this serpentine stretch of Highway 9 dozens of times before finding it.At first glance, it seems like a regular Scottish/British pub with the chorus line of familiar UK taps. Then there's another procession of bottles of obscure imports and micro-brews. they also brew their own "White Cockade Scottish Ale".Rumors among vintage cycle riders were realized true: Best Shepherd's Pie you'll ever taste. The beef is simmered in a rich red wine sauce with the plethora of fresh veggies and golden mashed taters on top. The meat pies are also excellent. If you're into veggie, continue on to Santa Cruz....if that ain't enough, the mofo's haunted!angelfire.com/ca3/scotti
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2006,6/9/2006,90,186,7,2,4>Most recent experience at REI:I go to test out rock climbing shoes (which I do not buy in the end).  While testing the corners out on their sample chunk of rock, I sortof make friends with the family already using the rock.  The little boy kind of stares at me and giggles a lot, and the little girl tells me how annoying he is, and do I want him, he's free?  It goes on..."You look like an adult.  You also look like a kid.  Which are you?  Are you a teenager?""no...""are you...A TEACHER?""no...""I want to be a teenager, but I don't want to wait... I'm in first grade today, tomorrow I want to be in second grade, and the next day in third grade..."Their parents were pretty nice too.  Luckily when I left and the kids tried to follow me home, they held them back...way too much responsibility for me.As for REI, they have a ton of stuff, a lifetime return policy (ask for details, I'm not quite sure), and a membership concept where you get 10% back at the end of each year, and 20% off coupons... slightly weird, but I guess it keeps us coming in.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2006,6/8/2006,69,100,9,14,14>As much shit as this place gets for being an HMO, I have to hand it to them in the Labor & Delivery department...Pregnancy is probably one of the hardest natural occurrences a woman can take on. Women should have a plan BEFORE they get pregnant because once you are pregnant you'll make decisions you might regret later. Believe me when I say this: you can NEVER be prepared enough for a baby. Your hormones are at such high levels that you literally cannot think straight, I kid you not!  (Pun not intended...ok maybe...=P ). I was ready to be a mom before I became pregnant (I had accomplished all my goals and was financially comfortable). When I became pregnant however, my son's father unfortunately did not share the same sentiment (he's Muslim and his family would disown him). I decided I would single-handedly raise my child (because I am a trooper and can handle any obstacle! LOL) and so I relocated back to the United States and gave birth at Kaiser. I was in labor for 28 hours. 16 of those hours I did WITHOUT medication. I've always been the girl who walked on the broken ankle or went 4 days without food no problem when we were lost in the woods...thus I figured, hey, I can take child-birthing without meds! At 16 hours I was dilated only 4cms. In order to deliver you need to be 10cms. On average, it takes about one hour to dilate 1cm, thus by that calculation I had at least 6 more hours of the most excruciating pain I had ever felt in my entire fucking life. I ended up being in labor for another 12 hours. The girl who can break her arm and still hold onto her baby cousin to keep him from falling from the tree while they waited to be rescued and the girl who could barely hold her neck up as she pulled 2 people from their cars after being involved in a 3-car accident in which all 3 cars were totaled was unable to endure the pain of child-birthing without meds. THAT'S how much pain it is to give birth. Well, they gave me an epidural and it only worked on one side so I had to have another. To administer an epidural you have to bend over so that your spinal cord is open and you can't move so as to avoid from getting paralyzed. After that kicked in I finally "rested" a bit. Rounding 20 hours, though, my son decided he was coming through whether I was ready or not. This caused inflammation and they gave me something to reduce it. Well, as if I wasn't going through enough shit, the meds they gave me reacted unfavorably with me and I went into anaphylactic shock. I swelled up, couldn't breathe, and otherwise was dying and losing the baby. Kaiser was skilled. They saved me, knocked me out, and when I woke up I was fully dilated and pushed my son out finally, 28 hours later.While my case is not normal, it reminds us how dangerous and serious having a baby is. Women die every day from child-birthing. Even in the United States. I thank God I had Kaiser for my labor. I also had hired a doula to help ease the process and to keep the process as natural as possible by using meditation, aroma therapy, massage, and music. Kris was the best doula I could ever have had - she visited me twice before the labor to practice techniques and helped me create a "goal sheet" for the labor, and then she came afterward to see how breast-feeding was going and to give me candid pictures of the birth. If you are interested in a doula, her number is: 510-881-5410. Keep in mind that she does get booked up real fast (she is awesome!). After all that...the fun just begins...being a single parent is absolutely the most challenging thing I have ever taken on. If it weren't for my supportive family, I wouldn't be able to go back to school to obtain my master's degree and instead I'd be working 3 jobs no joke. Parenting is not without its rewards, but I'm telling you it's not something to take lightly at all. You have to check yourself constantly. You can still pursue your dreams, but only after you've set up a babysitter, fed, bathed and put your kid to bed and you better believe you're not staying out late otherwise come 4am (or 6:30am when they're older) your ass will be dragged out of bed regardless of how much you drank. For the first year of your child's life - yes, THE FIRST YEAR - you will not sleep. I am still recovering from sleep-deprivation!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,6/5/2010,967,1207,15,18,20>Have I eaten here for lunch before?no, but I see that a lot of people have and i now know whyIt must have been my appetite interfering with my brain and nothing to do with the passenger but I couldnt figure out how to get to where we were going. I mean, I wouldnt have been able to navigate out of a wet paper bag. That aside we got there and there were hella people everywhere. Some outside, someone inside the door, some in the hallway and everywhere a chair was, a person sat. RAGE!!! And then two opened up at the counter and we snuck right in. lulz. We both ordered their specials.. I had the #4 which consisted of broiled hamachi with a number of roots/vegetables which I was having a very difficult time identifying but not so hard a time of eating. They were great. She ordered # the fried.. erm, breaded fish.. thing and what appeared to be beef teriyaki of a sort. She too had some of the UVO (unidentified vegetable objects) which she did not object to either. I'm just glad we didnt have to wait too long for seating. Ultimately and fortunately for me, she wasnt the type to care whether we sit at a table or the counter. And fortunately for her, I can still read a sign at the far end of the room that distinctly lists only 6 specials of the day.. SIX... not 9. kekeke;D
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,6/4/2010,736,972,23,27,19>Now hear this, Mi Pueblo is taking over your hood. Don't be alarmed, don't run for the hills.  Regardless of where you live, you will soon experience the magic of My Town.  Unlike any other store, this location is HUGE. Starting with the parking BBQ stand selling half chickens like crazy to the taco counter greeting you inside, this joint is massive.  It maybe cliche, but Pon Pon Pon Pon Pon Pon Pon Pon Pon is what you'll hear on the speakers. The music is contagious, and although it maybe be blaring, I bet you will feel like dancing. Unlike other ethnic markets, this venue does not smack you in the face with a nasty smell.   Aisles and aisles of unique products that I remember seeing when I was younger, a bakery serving delicious sweet bread, a meat market with carne preparada, cheap-and I mean cheap- produce section, and mariscos, what's not to like?  Not to mention that the food seems to be perpetually on sale. I know, I know,  I love cheap prices and good stuff. Parking is fine, people are fine, and you can even buy jewelry and rent movies if you wish.  I tell you, they thought of everything.  You know how people travel to other countries to learn a new language? If you want to learn Spanish, try hanging out at Mi Pueblo.  I wouldn't mind refreshing my skills, and mingling with la raza. Awesome. Go here.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,6/3/2010,994,993,36,32,29>How does this place manage to stay open?The Armenian Gourmet, a tiny restaurant located in a rundown strip mall, is barely ever open for business. According to their website, it is open from Monday though Friday, it is open for lunch from 11 A.M. to 1:30 P.M. From Wednesday through Friday, it is also open for dinner from 5:30 P.M. to 9:00 P.M.  If you do the math, this place is open 12.5 hours per week for lunch and 10.5 hours per week for dinner. That's a grand total of 23 hours per week.So yeah, how does this place manage to stay open? Sometimes, I feel as if it some kind of drug front. Trust me. I know what I am talking about. I am like a drug trade pro. I watched the whole series of "The Wire." Twice.Lame television joke aside, the food here is spectacular. Fans of Mediterranean food will enjoy this place. Fans of Middle Eastern food will enjoy this place. In fact, fans of really good food will enjoy this place. It has so much flavor going on. It's like Greek/Persian cuisine on steroids.Their Greek influenced salad is one of the best salads I have ever had. For being rabbit food and all, it has an explosion of flavors. Secondly, their hummus is top notch. The warm, fresh pita bread helps you scoop up the flavorful treat. Most importantly, the entree options, of which they are only about 5 or so, are freaking stellar.The chicken kabob really delivers. It's so tender and fresh. It tastes as if it has never been frozen. The beef saute is wonderful. It's so simple that it looks as if you can make it home. Well, I have tried - and it's never this good. There is also a really good vegetarian option as well, for those vegetarians out there who are not open-minded enough to eat meat. Kidding. Well, sort of.I recommend trying this place at lunch where you get a great meal at a good price. The portions are perfect. At dinner, it is a bit more pricey, but you do get little bit more food since the portion is bigger (and the salad and hummus is included in the meal). Whether you come for lunch or dinner, it's totally worth the price.Normally, I would easily be willing to award a place like this 5 stars, but the limited hours have left me disappointed me so many times. But hey, the food has kept me coming back. It really is a must try. The food is that good and maybe that's how they have been around for 25 years, even with the limited hours.Or maybe this place really is drug front. All I know is,the food they cook up inside is like an array of drugs. It's all so good and addicting. And in the end, it doesn't matter when the dope man opens up shop. If you want your drug of choice, you'll be there at that hour. Right?That's why I check the Armenian Gourmet website and call before I go. I have to make sure my Amernian Gourmet dope man is at home.5 stars. The product here is as good as it gets. Ya feel me?
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2009,6/2/2010,655,394,15,9,9>CORALINEEEE! CORALINEEEE! BUBBLEWRAPPP! DOH-NUTSSSS!!!this was basically what this establishment was screaming when i walked through the door.and i LOVE it!if the staff over at Krispy Kreme knew i was here, they'd be heart-broken.and beyond that, they'd go psycho.first thought, OMG THE GIRL WORKING HAS LIKE 10 DIFFERENT HAIR COLORS!and as she smiles back, she extends her hand with a simple "Bubblewrap??"*jaw drops* oh no weiiiii! as i take my piece of bubble goodness and proceed to pop it....with my teeth.  om nom nom i need donuts now!donuts are NOT round. or circular. or cylindrical. or normal looking donuts for all that matters. they be triangles....and you know what they say about triangles :Oor maybe you want the donut where it looks like a little man crossing his legs because he has to pee really badly.i came at 10pm so there wasn't much selection left.ended up with the Strawberry fields forever which was a triangle topped with pink strawberry glaze and dried strawberry pieces and a beautiful strawberry pocky stick laid dramatically across the top.also the Donilla. which is a triangle glazed donut with NEE-LA WA-FERS on top.also i chomped off my friend's green tea triangle donut.all of them were sweet. all of them were fantabulous. and all of them made me go "E-GAD! what a wonderful donut!"but what threw me over the top was their little music station where you can plug in your i-whatever and play a song or two (long as it's not rap!)forgot my icrap at home, but next time i'm here, it's lady gagagagagagaggagagagaa. and i'm going to be the crazy one dancing all over the store with a donut in my hand and bubblewrap in my mouth.normal people are overrated anyway.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,6/1/2010,146,142,9,13,10>I never met a Bread Pudding I didn't like! I mean...I never met French Toast I didn't like! OMG! This place combines 2 of my favorite things in the whole wide world; Bread Pudding & French Toast. Two great tastes that go great together. Top it off with a fried banana & voila...breakfast magic. Strolled into Bill's with my parents & grandparents on a Wednesday morning. The place was packed & loud. Not a great spot for conversing, especially with older, hard-of-hearing relatives but the food was fantastic. Dad and I got the 'Bread pudding french toast', mom got the 'mexicalli eggs benedict' and I think that will be my choice next go around. My grandma, who is impossible to please, loved her 'blueberry waffle' and their coffee. Service was REALLY good too. Great place for breakfast. Would go again in a heartbeat.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,5/31/2010,1117,183,9,8,8>It was my birthday last week and after spending the day in Napa I decided that I wanted to end the day with a bang!  I had never been to Manresa and I knew I was due.  It has been on my list of things to do for quite awhile and my birthday, I figured, would be the perfect time to test the waters.  I couldn't make my reservation through OpenTable which I thought was odd, I guess they had the slots blocked off after 8pm.  I spoke to the reservationist and she said that I could come in at 8:30, which was great!I was greeted by Esteban who is a wonderful Maitre d', affluent and genuine, the perfect blend that a Maitre d' must have to be successful.  Our server was Dana, I liked her, she was bubbly and poised.  She was professional and endearing, and really seemed passionate about Manresa.  We did the tasting menu and it was very good.  There were no misses and some of the courses were absolutely mind-blowing.   Of course the Arpege egg was one of the favorites, it was delicious and on par with French Laundry's cuisine.  I definitely believe that Manresa deserves their two Michelin star's , it was very very good, though I can understand why some people might be uncomfortable here.  It is very quiet, which was kind of disappointing, I like noise and I like the buzz, but I digress, it's not a big deal, just a personal preference and honestly if you want some pretty outstanding food then come here, it's that good.5 stars.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,5/30/2010,1806,1048,9,10,10>Being my SPONTANEOUS self like always, i thought what the heck let's yelp this place, read a few reviews and drive there to try it out since I always pass by this place while driving down el camino real!From the past places I've reviewed, I have learned to not judge restaurant by its look on the outside for sure!  This place looks average on the outside but once you enter the glass doors, you enter this modern and chic decor venue.  Very impressive!  The place is more spacious than it looks and every table was occupied!  Music was modern/top billboard songs playing in the background. I felt kind of weird seeing little kids eating and running around while listening to Birthdayy sexxx... birthday sexxxxx!Prices are a bit on the expensive side but they they marked down alot of their rolls and dishes down $1-2.. which of course makes everyone more likely though to order those discounted ones :)  the rolls are very generous and GINORMOUS.. definitely worth the money i tell you.  side of soup was also provided. 1. California Tempura Roll - the fried outing tasted so good.. ANYTHING fried makes everything taste so much better.. I usually don't order normal california rolls.. but this made a big difference with the fried outing.  2. Dragon Roll - the unagi wasn't as freshed as it can be.. but the sauce made the roll pretty good..3. Bento Box with chicken teriyaki style - chicken was very moist and juicy with just the right amount of sauce.. i love sauce.Total : Around $30 Next time, I will be trying out their korean tofu soups! I kept looking at other people's tables since they were all drinking their soups.. *drool*
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,5/29/2010,147,84,9,10,12>The Boiling Crab sure boiled me. Their food can be spicy, then again it would make no sense for Cajun style to be non-spicy.  One word of advice, if you want to enjoy some boiling crabs, be sure to go there half an hour or an hour early because there's always a long waiting line around dinner time.Since my friends had been to the restaurant, we delegated the ordering decision to them. We ordered 4 lbs of shrimp, 1 dungeness crab, and 2 lbs of king crab legs in The Whole Shebang seasoning medium spicy.  We also ordered 6 corn on the cob, 2 orders of lemon pepper chicken wings and a couple of beers.  (Beer is the best to pair with this meal. It was really refreshing) The shrimps were quite fresh and plump. During the meal, we learn that it would probably be better if we order less spicy seasoning for the shrimp. It is because shrimp soaks up a lot of the sauce and leaves the mouth on fire. The Dungeness crab was medium size and tasted fresh.  It had a little seafood sweet flavor to it and matched quite well with the medium spicy sauce.  Alaskan King Crab Legs was so-so. Personally I am a-ok about crab legs, they reminded me of vegas buffet.  The meat of the legs were decent and easily accessible because R de-shelled it for me. kthx, R.Corn was too spicy for me. They soaked up spicy sauce as much as the shrimp. I didn't take that many bites out of it so I cannot give my opinion.I have mixed feelings about chicken. I am not a big fan of chicken but the lemon pepper chicken wings was not bad. It can't go wrong when it's fried.I approve The Boiling Crab.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,5/28/2010,1019,787,10,14,10>I hate sourdough bread and even with all the hype this place got, I actually enjoyed it. For a place that's only open 3 hours Monday-Friday, that shows you how good they are if they can make money off that little amount of time. Oh and be prepared to wait because there will (most likey) be a line. The bread is definitely tasty, pretty subtle if you ask me. The sandwiches themselves are pretty simple. They pack on the meat. You have a choice of "everything?" and "spicy or non-spicy mustard?" Gotta enjoy the simplicity of it. Definitely good considering I hate sourdough bread.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,5/27/2010,378,778,18,34,23>*evil laugh* I am driving ILLEGAL! Come and catch me Cops! ;) I am so grateful to the Yelpers who reviewed this place and brought me to Juan and his car window tinting business. I bought a new car and have always wanted to have my car windows tinted. I looked on Yelp and was overwhelmed with all of the 5 star reviews for this business. I didn't waste any time and called on a Wed and was seen this morning on a Saturday at 8am. When I arrived, I was a bit confused because there are no street signs and this business runs out of a very nice gentleman named Juan's home. He saw me pull up at 7:45am and waved at me and moved his truck for me to pull into his side driveway. He was happy to see me early and there was no problem getting me started before my 8am appointment. While making my selection of different tint swatches hanging in his garage, he also took me out to his work truck and a car out front to give me an idea of what the different tints looked like before I made my final decision. He also explained to me that it is illegal to tint your front windows but did I listen? His business runs out of his garage and I was impressed how clean and professional it looks for a home garage business! He showed me to the big couch where the plasma TV was set up for me to watch. He also had a fridge full of drinks and told me to help myself. While I waited, him and his business partner got down to business tinting my new car. It was fun watching them do their craft as I sat and watched. They are very intricate and detailed in every part of it. Plus while doing that to my car, Juan engaged in me with polite and fun talk while I waited. I felt like I was hanging out at a big brother's garage...I had fun! They were done by 9:30am, so in all it took maybe an hour and half to finish my car which included the hatch back window and all 4 side windows. I of course had the back windows darker and just slightly tinted the front windows enough to make a difference but not noticeable enough when the Po-Po come hunting me down. ;) Total cost came to $250 for all of my windows. They except all payments including credit cards, cash and check. Before I left, Juan explained to me the importance of the care for my windows when washing them now and to avoid ammonia products on my windows. He walked me out to my car, shook my hand and told me to enjoy my car. I really liked this guy and his sincerity and hard work because it's obvious he cares about what he does! Highly recommend this business for window tinting...check out my before and after pictures.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,4/10/2008,358,1030,25,34,32>First of all - Howard, the chef, is incredibly skilled, funny and charming. His mannerism is of a typical sushi chef whom I'm fond of chatting with. FOOD: 4.5 starsThe chef''s omakase sushi *at the counter* is outstanding. For roughly $75/person, you'll experience a heavenly course of nigiris. As we were seated, Howard overheard us talking about how we liked "shiromi" / white fish, and he made sure we got some. A LOT of it. I can't remember exactly how many pieces were served (at least 20 different kinds), but we were painfully, but not regretfully, stuffed by the time we left. The last four pieces of different toros - I had to skip the rice. (Which was okay, because I wasn't 100% fond of the rice.)In addition to the more or less familiar selections (shako, mirugai, hotate, maguro, aji, toro, tai, kanpachi, hamachi, sayuri, uni, etc...FARM and WILD), we were given some rare fish that night. For example, a kin of blowfish or kawahagi. With another kind of fish (can't recall the name!), Howard asked me where in Japan I was from and once I told him, he grinned and said, "I bet you've never had THIS one before then." ...I hadn't. Anyway, he kept on surprising us, one after another. He even took out a thick "Food Dictionary" so we could look up the names of the fish.My other personal notes:- Shako was never my favorite fish. That's not the case anymore.- Uni from Hokkaido is addicitvely sweet. - Tai from New Zealand is distinctively different from any other.- I love tamago.Their homemade TOFU and MISO pastes (two kinds - shiro and aka) are excellent. The soft tofu and the miso soup make perfect complements to sushi. At lunch time, they serve the soup w/udon as a "nikomi udon". I drool just thinking about it.A recommended side dish (otsumami) is the SPICY FRIED GOBO. It's warm and soft with a bit of a kick. It should go very well with beer.NOTE: They don't take reservations for counter seats. So get there early and claim your spot - right in front of Howard. Also, avoid MONDAYS. TRUE STORY: I had a nightmare that night where I was sitting at an AYCE sushi bar and had to continue eating and eating and eating... That's how much sushi we had consumed.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2008,4/9/2008,1928,1761,10,12,12>Usually my wife does all the grocery-shopping and reports to me what she bought and where from. I've only written reviews of Whole Foods from my hometown, but have never gone into the actual store until today. I know, "where have I've been?"Wow, this Los Altos Whole Foods is a very nice market with huge selections of organic grocery items, fresh pre-packed and cooked meals from the delicatessen and fresh meat, poultry, seafood and produce department. They also have a bakery that baked fresh goods, which can make the sweet-aficionado, drool and slobber immaturely. This Los Altos Whole Foods is so nice, that it makes the unionized supermarkets in San Francisco looks like shit!I was at the bakery section and bought a 4 pack of those Linzer bars. The $5.99 sweet-treat is a Blondie-bar with a raspberry jelly filling in it. A pack of the 4-pack is hopefully good enough for the Fantastic-4. I was at the beauty section, not to improve my bulldog face, but get a stick of Burt's-Bees lip-balm. I constantly get cold-sore and severe lip-chaps, because I work outdoors most of the time. Then, I was at the colorful produce-section and bought one of those pre-packed 16 oz. container of mixed berries, which comprised sliced strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and blackberries. Not a bad antioxidant snack, would you say. Finally, I bought one container of the store-brand Gallon-water. "Yeah, indeed I was thirsty!"I spent nearly $15.00 on my needed items with my Visa-card. This Whole Foods have Coffee/espresso bar and have a huge selections of bulk items, including their organically grown coffee beans. When I come back home, I got to get me some of those coffee beans, but the prices on some items may vary at home than at Los Altos.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2008,4/8/2008,879,323,17,32,27>Delicious wet explosions in your mouth.  Dumplings!  I'm talking Shanghai dumplings!  I never knew there was a difference between regular Chinese dumplings and Shanghai dumplings until my sister raved on and on about it.  The defining factor for Shanghai dumplings is the way they are steamed, such that a soupy juice collects inside of it.  Like I said:  wet explosions in your mouth when you bite into them!We asked for an order (8 pieces) of the pork dumplings and an order of the crab dumplings.  We ate the pork ones first, and I thought they were good, but was not quite impressed.  I was already starting to decide that I would rather stick to my favorite non-Shanghai dumpling place.  But then came the crab dumplings.  Wow, they were UH-MAY-ZING!  The juice from the crab meat was absolutely delicious!  Even though I was already getting full, I gobbled them down greedily.  Thanks, Yelpers, for finding this place and for suggesting the crab dumplings!!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,4/7/2008,1070,862,18,31,30>Still loving the Drying Shed! My guy and I decided to try the champagne brunch for Father's Day and we loved it! We were seated immediately since there were only 3 of us-which was nice! I was stoked to see the spread! Let me start with my favorite things about  the salad station: Super fresh greens, spinach, home made bacon bits, home made croutons, home made dressings, fresh fruits, and more! The seafood station was one that I kept going back to. The crab legs, shrimp, and shrimp cocktail were excellent. I didn't get a chance to try the oysters so I will have to go back! I was so busy drinking champagne and munching on crab legs that I did'nt eat most of the breakfast foods. They had a waffle station, crepes, blintzes, bacon, sausage, eggs, corned beef hash, marsala chicken, tater tots, pastries, and more. There was also a carving station with prime rib, turkey, and ham. I can't wait to go back!Sunday Champagne Brunch$17.95/person$8.95 kidsChildren under 3 eat free!*****My dining experience at the Drying Shed reaffirmed my belief that one should never judge a book by it's cover. Sure the restaurant is in a strip mall and looks like it hasn't been renovated since the late 80's-but the place is clean. As a matter of fact, the table linens were pristine. We decided to give the Drying Shed a try on Valentine's Day. We were a little late for our reservation-no big deal.  We couldn't help but giggle at the sounds of people doing their best karaoke versions of oldie classics such as "Earth Angel" and "Love is in the Air" at the bar in the next room. Those folks were really getting into it! We were seated about five minutes later. It took a while for our waitress to get to our table, but we weren't too concerned because we had drinks from the bar and the place was packed! Our waitress was a total sweetheart! Our appetizer (panko breaded jumbo shrimp.) came out in record time! I'm not a big fan of deep fried shrimp, but this place has changed my mind! These were some of the best shrimp that I have ever had. Big, succulent, crispy, and fried to perfection. I always hate it when they are overcooked- but that was not an issue here! I decided on the prime rib , and my guy had the cowboy cut rib eye steak.  Oh my GAWD! I must have died and gone to steak heaven! My prime rib was so tender that I could cut it gently with a butter knife! The au jus kicked ass- but I wish the horseradish had more kick to it. Honestly- I didn't even really use the condiments because the meat didn't need a thing! The rib eye was superb! It was juicy, and the sauteed mushrooms that topped it were wonderful!All things considered, I think this place deserves a five star rating. Service was great. Our waitress made sure to take really good care of us. The steaks were excellent, and you can't beat $5.00 drinks that are topped off properly. That bartender has great mixing skills! I'm not big on ambiance. Food and service are the important factors for me. If ambiance is your thing- then you will be reluctant to try this place. That would be your loss.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,4/6/2008,140,479,1,12,12>I'm not sure what's with all the poor reviews at Won Stew Houses across South Bay but they must be doing well if they keep opening up new locations. Most Taiwanase people that shop at their local Chinese markets know that if they want a wider selection of fresh deli foods, they head over to Won Stew House afterwards. Perhaps most people new to Won Stew House are just ordering the wrong things. I'm a regular at the Saratoga location but when this location opened up, I was more than happy to come here for my deli needs instead. Don't bother with the "Stew" aspect, Won Stew House is a made to order deli shop first of all, and second a Chinese TAKE OUT bento shop. Speaking Chinese goes a long way here when ordering, it helps work out the kinks in communication but most of the menu is in English.The main reason why I drop by Won Stew House is to get a bento, or special lunch box as they call it. For $6-7 you get a take out box with one main dish you get to order from their selection of 24 main dishes. It comes with the usual rice, egg, vegetables and tofu that most Chinese bentos typically contain. I personally prefer ordering the Chicken steak or Grilled Pork/Chicken, they are all pretty tasty. If you somehow have rice at home or available, you can actually ask the workers to skip the rice, tofu and other extras and just get meat only. This will definitely suffice for future meals as you'll be taking home a ton of meat, they stack it high. By the way, milk tea here is only $1 extra if you order a bento compared to the usual $2.50, however it's not very sweet  tasting and is more on the watery side.The other reason to come to Won Stew House is for their deli goods. They have a wide selection of deli that's made to order or prepared already if you wish to peruse their selection. I personally order the beef shank to go, it's great for snacking or with rice. Any of their simmered goods here are pretty decent and match up well with rice, or can be used further by Chinese cooks to make something better. Check their selection, I was pretty impressed the first time I went. In comparing this store to the one located on Saratoga, this one is a lot bigger and cleaner, it did just open up recently. The food is the same, there's really no difference between the two locations besides convenience. Oh for some odd reason, this place is called I.S. Stew House on the outside, it's located opposite of Cupertino Library/City Hall.Tip: Won Stew House offers a prepaid bento card where you can buy 10 bentos and receive an 11th for free. This card can be used at any of their 5 locations and they allow you to upgrade from the $6 bento to the $7 bento usually when you order.EDIT:Tip2: Apparently speaking Chinese helps more than expected and helps you get you more food, so if you plan on getting only meat in your bento, ask for it in Chinese "ro only." This doesn't affect the Saratoga location apparently.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,4/4/2008,436,1018,3,12,11>I had a great dinner here with a girlfriend of mine last night.Really the service, food, decor, drinks and overall experience was a great way to start the week.  Especially since we added some house hot sake and a Sapporo on tap beer to the mix.Walking in at 6:30 we were greeted and seated quickly.  Browsing the menu I was a little shocked by the steeper prices but we settled on sharing a rainbow roll ($10) and a chicken katsu meal including soup or salad ($14).Over sharing our sake and beer our salad soon came and with extra plates for sharing - which I appreciate.  The salad was fresh, not too much dressing and a good amount.  Soon followed the main dish of chicken katsu which is the best I've had.  Lightly breaded, tender and juicy - with a little bit of ponzu sauce it was super tasty!  Also a quiche like thing was served on the plate, along with some potato salad stuff and a fried onion thing - all were good and great accents to the dish.  Not that I knew, what most really were named or were. The rainbow roll was fresh and what you would expect for it - yum!Throughout the service was very attentive and friendly.  The bill came to $44 which for a chicken katsu dinner, rainbow roll, 2 beers and 2 small hot sakes - overall worth every penny.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,4/3/2008,902,420,14,18,21>i just wanted to take time to thank all the Silicon Valley firms that employ expats from Japan and allow such wonderful places to eat...yelp.com/search?find_desbetter yet, i want to thank the shachiku, kaisha no inu or more commonly referred to as sarariman, for their love of izakayas  ^_^ vyelp.com/biz_photos/bvv6what is an izakaya?  oh don't worry roundeye =)  your personal roundeye-japo-manservant has got you covered--check out one of my fav new yelpers, Chie J, for her explanation (in O' Izakaya rev):yelp.com/user_details?usokay, so i couldn't help but notice a bikini bar right around corner of Tanto...man!!  they really got their ducks in a row yeah??!!!  ahhaha!!  alright so i relied on some of my faves (KQN, Hen, Irene...) to order the..    -grilled beef steak: rare, fatty and grizzle galore!!! *****  - taiyakimeshi: have them burn the rice on the bottom and ask for     broth on the side to chazuke that sh*t later  =) *****  - tako chanko salad: crisp yasai, light dressing and choice    octopus! *****  - buttered clams: i found myself drinking down the sauce, but quality     of clam coulda, shoulda,woulda ****the ocha was tasty-- but not refilled enough, nihonshu selection was on-point as expected and we went with a large otokoyama which was nicely chilled through our two-hours of eating, yapping, drinking, people-watching and so on.i love the layout of booths and open seating on the left-side of tanto and the more private and party area on the right.  if the service was more memorable i would be setting up an eat-out there for next week...oh well.  price was fair--like 86 bucks(including gratuity).you gotta make a reservation or you are outta luck.can't wait to rediscover more of these southbay eats in 2008!!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2007,4/2/2008,131,185,1,10,13>To me, this is the best panaderia on this side of town. I've been going this place since I barely started walking. I remember back in the early 80s it used to be located in the little Pink Elephant strip mall across the street. My family and I would always stop by after Sunday mass (ahh the memories). Well fast forward to the present, even if we don't do the after mass routine, I always get something here for my parents from the pan dulce and the muy delicioso tres leches cake. Like what everyone says, you gotta try the cake. I've had the same cake at El Gallo Giro, but Pink Elephant's is way better. This bakery carries a lot of delicious items. I also like the cookies here. Who cares if there are people hanging around the outside, their presence adds character to the establishment. Give this place a try and I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,4/1/2008,169,661,13,13,15>I again, am the only guy to have reviewed this place.  Dear Lord.  This is starting a really bad precedent--depending on how you look at it.  For my birthday last year, a couple that I'm friends with gave me a gift certificate for this place.  I'm really not into getting facials  because I don't like have that scraping tool used on my face, so I decided to look at my other options and chose something that I have been wanting to try for a long time:  ear candling. What is ear candling, you ask?  Well, it's supposed to be a practice in holistic medicine that inserts a tube-like paraffin wax candle into the ear canal.  One end is lit, and the other is inside the ear canal.  When the other end is lit, the wax and other "things" inside the ear canal are drawn out.  This was my first time trying this and it was an interesting experience.  The person that performed the "procedure" on me showed me the stuff that came out, and well, wow.  If you want to know, message me, it's a little TMI for a Yelp review!It's a bit pricey for the procedure, but I'd be willing to try it again!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2007,3/31/2008,449,368,12,15,15>Wow, I must be slipping. I have the reputation on Yelp as the East Bay milk tea expert, and this place has somehow escaped me... until now! I have been looking forward to the Chinese section of Pacific Commons to open for some time now, and had no idea that Cafe Zen has already been in operation for some four months (according to Ken, the associate working here as I'm sitting in the cafe), with already 12 Yelp reviews! Well, here goes lucky number 13!When it comes to milk tea shops, I'm pretty much a ronin, with no loyalties. I just like to switch it up every once in awhile because I get bored fairly easily. To be honest, to the surprise of most, I'm not really much of a fan of milk tea itself. I just go for the atmosphere. As mentioned in other reviews, tapioca joints are like bars for me. People don't go to a bar for the alcohol (it's much cheaper to drink at home). They go for the environment and social scene.Some places have character through their griminess, such as Tapioca Express in Union City (yelp.com/biz/S6EzlILvBMi), while others like Fantasia in Newark (yelp.com/biz/fantasia-co)  are known for their cleanliness and ambiance. Cafe Zen is more along the lines of Fantasia, but less crowded.I only discovered this new spot thanks to a half page advertisement in the Sing Tao newspaper for Pacific Commons. The exterior reminds me of the Chinese strip malls more commonly found in Southern California, but the inside is much less flossy, living up to its "zen" namesake. Hardwood floors, yellow and red walls, with ample, yet soft lighting help create the mood. As a matter of fact, it is very reminiscent of Zoie Cafe (yelp.com/biz/cLgcpbllqUU) located in the Dublin Ulferts Center, just slightly larger. No plasma TV broadcasting the latest HK music videos or repeats of Laguna Beach, no gangsta rap soundtrack, and no ricers congregating out the front door mean mugging every passerby makes Cafe Zen the perfect spot to study, catch up on your latest NY Times best seller, or *gasp* do a Yelp review!Posted here in my corner seat, I practically double up the age of most patrons in the house, as many Irvington and MSJ students are studying their AP biology and honors underwater basket weaving, but I still feel right at home. At least these kids are here making something of their lives instead of hocking loogies and puffing the magic dragon as they do at Tapioca Express. Furthermore, the bunch is decidedly less Chinese/Asian than at other shops, so it appeals to a wider range of customers. Heck, this is one of the few tapioca establishments I've seen with the menu entirely in English. Will Cafe Zen become my mainstay tapioca shop in the Tri-City area? Probably not. However, will I add it to my rotation? Most definitely, YES. How lucky the high schoolers of this generation are to have a cafe like this to hang out and study in. Where were these kinds of places when I was growing up?*edit* Only 30 mins after I my original post, the crowd has suddenly turned majority Chinese. What was a previously 24% Asian crowd has quickly changed to 80%+.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2006,6/27/2006,100,512,5,,3>My favorite part of Buy & Save is the shopping cart of expired dry and canned goods near the checkout. When I was poor and in my early twenties, I used to buy a lot of just expired breakfast cereal and bread from here to subsist on. This is also where I was during the October 1989 quake, trapped in the produce aisle. They should put up a plaque.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2005,6/26/2006,1632,440,4,5,3>Pretty much the best clothing I've found anywhere and sold by the best looking sales staff. The prices are ridiculous, but how often do I ever go shopping. This place even has DJs come in to spin records in the afternoon, they're just that hip :). So if you need to get some awesome ass hugging jeans, this is the place to go.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2006,6/25/2006,720,217,1,4,2>Kampai House tries to execute a new twist on Japanese Fusion and misses the mark for the most part. Despite the terrific service from the staff, from the hostess through the server and wait help -- and the attractive interior design -- the food doesn't match the prices.I did like the Kampai Kampai roll ($13), a sweet omelet blanket rolled with smoked unagi, avocado, cream cheese and cucumber with unagi sauce.  This roll tastes familiar, but I don't recall eating anything like it before.  And they didn't skimp on the portions.Both of our other starters, the Moon ($15), a seafood dumpling with shrimp, crab, shiitake, and kabocha pumpkin in a light broth, and the Legs! ($12), crunchy soft shell crab and roasted red bell peppers with jalapeo namban vinaigrette -- both sounded good on the menu, but were unexceptional from the plate.The Tokyo Cowboy ($25) is charbroiled beef tenderloin and seared pineapple with hickory teriyaki glaze.  I ordered it medium, but knew as soon as I put it in my mouth that I should have ordered it medium rare.We finished off with white chocolate cheesecake and then paid the check.There's a good chance we didn't order the right things here, and I won't be surprised if there are better reviews from others.  But for the price and the so-so quality, I won't be gushing about dining here.Final notes: The bar looks pretty cool and I can see a nice happy hour thing happening here. On my way to the restroom, I saw what might have been one of the owners or managers sleeping in front of his laptop. The place certainly looks like a lot of effort was put into it, so I understand the guy taking an inadvertent snooze, but when dinner time rolls around, you'd think someone would wake him up and tell 'em to go home.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/18/2006,6/24/2006,690,683,,4,2>I like outdoor cafes as much as the next guy, but I can't quite get on the Cafe Borrone bandwagon like some of the other folks here.  It's fine.  Heck, it's even really good sometimes.  I mean, it is outdoors, next to a good bookstore and often drenched in the Menlo Park sunshine.On the other hand, the "relaxing patio" is on a congested stretch of El Camino Real, the counter-service food is nothing to write home about and frankly, the couple dozen other outdoor patio restaurants nearby enjoy the very same mid-Peninsula climate.I'm not saying it's a bad place, cause it's not.  I'm just saying you can do better.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2006,6/23/2006,81,0,1,5,2>ok, the name of this place is misleading; they dont serve donuts here.anyhoo, this is where i chilled while i waited about 30 minutes to get my smog tested @ phan's smog station next door.  i walked in and was instantly impressed- the place was a LOT cleaner than i anticipated.  no bug zapper to be found. instead, there was a man behind the counter (who was prolly the owner/manager/whatevs) and his cute 5-6 yr old son, sitting at counter eating a burger and drinking something out of a styrofoam cup. i was going over the items on the menu w/ the owner/manager dude when the little boy would interject w/ his opinions on what to get. he was sooo cute. he definitely added charm to what would be an otherwise cold environment.onto the food...well, it's a greasy spoon. what can you expect other than the usual pies, hamburgers, sandwiches, tuna melts, fries, onion rings, chili, etc.? oh, and they also serve bfast in the form of omelets, pancakes, hashbrowns and french toast. i ordered the pastrami sandwich (because i'm not a burger person in general), small fries and a choco milkshake. the sandwich was comprised of hot pastrami, cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, mayo and mustard, all on a 6" roll.  though the food wasn't horribly great, it wasnt horribly bad either. 3 stars.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2006,6/22/2006,123,487,9,8,9>I came into the desire to ride pretty late in life and figured it was a timing thing- maybe I was just busy doing everything and anything besides riding a motorcycle. It seemed like something for other people and that I would be a spaz and the gear wouldn't fit and all that. No way would I ever be able to handle traffic, hills or pedestrians walking willy nilly in front of me.Two years ago, I took the 3 part class. I passed my written exam, given on the first night. Whew! Two full weekend days of riding around a parking lot to go...I dropped the bike. I was slow on the group stuff. I was very self conscious. Little by little, I learned to ignore the asshole guys who thought they knew everything. Little by little, I learned how to speed up, slow down, and stop. I learned how to look at the bike and how to get on and off. I learned how to turn widely and turn tightly. I learned how to not be so afraid of this incredible machine between my legs. The instructors were completely dedicated to their work and took no shit from anyone. They said things like "We're not yelling at you, we're yelling towards you!!!" They all knew a lot about beginners and were completely focused on getting everyone through the learning curve.The course provides a bike for each student, but you need to bring helmet and gloves. And lunch. I got a bike recently, but the lessons all came back on the first practice ride around the local parking lot. Today I took my first solo ride to the store. Yes, me. Traffic, beginner skills, less than perfectly stylish clothing, but the true beginning of a most amazing new chapter in my so-called  life.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2006,6/21/2006,351,1069,,4,2>The food is good, with a variety of lunch specials with vegetarian options.  As Melanie stated, there's also a seperate veggie menu.  I've seen oyster sauce listed as being vegetarian in another Thai menu (I forget which restaurant); you just have to look out for yourself on that one.  The roti was fine, but nearly $4 for one, I thought, was too high--it should've been at least a dollar cheaper.  Other than that, the service was excellent, even with a steady flow of customers.  The interior is decent, offering plenty of seating.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2006,6/20/2006,0,0,4,5,2>Very attractive place with a collection of foods you won't find anywhere else...mainly due to the fact that you have to cook it yourself in a hot pot at every table.  The kobe is not what you'd get in Japan, but it is a hell of a lot better than the beef at any other restaurant, the waitresses are hot, and the ice cream is served on toothpicks.  It's also served wrapped in this gel-like flowery tasting rind of some kind, so it must be authentic.  I did ask for a Coke and ended up getting Calpico (which wasn't half bad) but otherwise it was a very fun place to eat.  The little skimmer, however, is not for attempting to scoop slippery noodles out of the water...it's for skimming off the cooked blood that collects on the surface.  They don't take reservations, but it may be a good idea to call ahead to get yourself on the waiting list, as others were waiting for much longer than we were.  As for cleanliness, my gf barely cooked her meat at all, and she isn't rolling around in pain like the last Japanese place we went to caused her to be, so it seems pretty safe.  As for mad cow, however, only time will tell (although I don't really know how I would know the difference).The truth is that I don't get much enjoyment out of food.  I feel full like everybody else, but others look much more satisfied when they get full.  This is one of the only places I can go where I actually do feel satisfied by having eaten.PS - when you go, check out the floor...it's the most decorative stuff I've walked on in a long time.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/26/2006,6/19/2006,99,1,7,2,3>I suppose they deserve props for attempting upscale Chinese, but they fail to match the quality of their food to that of their interior design.  If I wanted overly greasy and salty general's chicken or broccoli beef I'd go get them the traditional way: sit in a health-code violation of a restaurant with no ambience whatsoever, order off the typo-ridden menu, and have my food thrown at me by expression-less waiters -  if they should decide to wait on me at all.  This place failed to impress.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2006,6/18/2006,17,50,29,1,7>Now, it's customary for young Indian men to have major identity crises and think that we are harder than we really are. Even though most of us are under 180 lbs. and have chicken legs, for some reason we still believe that we can start fights at nightclubs; and when we see a dinner menu that specifies if you want your meal mild, medium, or spicy, we usually say, "Bring it on - let's see what spice you've got!" I must admit, when I was ordering my food, my identity crisis was in full effect - "Asian food is never spicy enough for me" I arrogantly said to the waiter who was taking my order,  "give me the SPICY mushroom tofu soup." Well, the Koreans definitely knew how to kick my ass and my upper GI tract as well. When the food arrived, all my friends had soups that had were a pale brown color. My dish, on the other hand, arrived firecracker red and bubbling due to the high temperature. Before I took the first sip, my mind was confidently saying, "Baby ain't no thang...ain't no thang. I cook with this red chili shit every day!" First sip....fine! I chatted a bit  with my buddies and took the second sip...this time I could feel the chilis opening up because of the heat and the time left to sit and I knew I was in trouble. As I took more spoons of soup, my lips began to tingle from the spice, and I could feel my esophogus swelling - oh boy! By the middle of the meal, I stopped the waitress and I asked her for the beverage menu. I looked around frantically - damn no Soy Milk. Damn! No regular milk! F*&ck, no plain yogurt either. All my Indo tricks to save face and prevent a can of whoop-ass by the red chili powder were futile! I took my defeat with my head held low, gulped my 2 liters of ice-water, and finshed three quarters of my tofu soup. -----------------------Now for the more objective review: This causual restaurant serves very good Korean food. I like that they bring out cold vegetable appetizers with each meal that is ordered. It gives you almost two meals in one! I thought that my meal was very tasty and I appreciated that the temperature of the food was sizzling. By seeing the bubbles in my soup, I knew that the soup was boilng on the stove just prior to the waiters serving the food. I will be back - but I think I will tone down the spices next time. Hats off to the cooks who gave my fast-talking, arrogantly thinking, Indian spice hubris a run for its money!!!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/1/2013,143,154,11,16,14>First of all I have to say I didn't really know what to expect when I made the reservation for our anniversary dinner. I was just going on a recommendation from a friend and fellow yelp elite. The scene was amazing as we walked from downtown Capitola to the restaurant we came up to this garden and realized that the restaurant would be down the rather steep cliff. On the walk down there were benches to enjoy the waterfalls and fish ponds. It was amazing and kind of like a tropical paradise. Great way to work off the meal after wards is walking back up the stairs. But there is a cart on a rail that can take you up or down to the three floor restaurant. The drinks - I had a Manhattan and my husband a cucumber martini both were amazing full of flavor. We were able to sit on the ground floor near the water way that led into the ocean and watching the baby ducks and the children paddle by was great for us nature lovers. The food- we shared the grilled artichoke which was an appetizer and it was really tasty. The dish I had was the scallops and my husband had the butter fish - both were very rich and came with some amazing sides. The service was outstanding and our waiter was very knowledgeable and the bread never ran out and was always fresh and warm. Highly recommended!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,9/30/2013,545,312,13,18,15>When a restaurant brings together great food, an impressive wine list, a cool bar with decent cocktails, some pretty amazing staff and a GM who lavishes attention on you, how can it be anything but 5 stars?I really enjoy dining here - and they are affordable during normal times but on certain days, they have some really special deals that make it a steal!  Mondays, wine is half off.  You heard me... half off.  And the complimentary duck-fat fries with your meal?  Oh man, I could just make a meal of the duck fat fries alone!!  They ARE that good.  But last night, we took the duck-fat fried goodness to an entirely new level.  More on this later ;)Came here with a group of friends to celebrate a friend's birthday.  We got the 'wine room' - a private and very comfortable room with one wall serving as the wine storage.  Ambiance couldn't be better!We ordered pretty much every appetizer and with the exception of the shellfish ones, I tried every single one (I'm allergic to shellfish).  Everything was great but my special favorite has to be the ahi tuna tartare appetizer which is prepared tableside in a pretty entertaining manner!  Ahhh, delicious!  No, make it, Ahiii, delicious!!!Now, for the entree, I split a fried chicken.  What's so special about fried chicken, you might ask.  Well, this is a whole chicken, deep fried in duck fat and served with sides of truffle mac n' cheese and rosemary dusted onion rings.  Hey, nobody said this was a light, healthy dish.What it was, was incredible!  The chicken was moist and perfectly cooked and the crispy chicken was the piece de resistance!  Lip-smacking good!!The sides were great too but with so much food, they were sacrificed after a mere tasting.  You only have one stomach.  Well, unless you are a cow, I guess.  I wonder if they allow cows at Arcadia.I know they do because one of the entrees I did try was a perfectly cooked rib-eye, medium rare, served with cheesy asparagus spears.  Certified yummy!They brought out a huge tray with a sample of every dessert they have to close the night out.  I was completely full and not being a big dessert person, passed on all of it except a bite of some kind of sorbet.  I cannot comment on the dessert but judging by the expressions of delight at the table and the fact that there was nary a crumb left, it is safe to conclude it must have been pretty delicious!~ 5 stars easily.  As stated previously, a restaurant has several elements it needs to bring together in elegant and perfect harmony to really do well.  Arcadia hits it out of the ballpark!# 304
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,9/29/2013,130,384,5,7,7>Morrill Cafe isn't bad at all! For the small price you pay, you get HUGE portions of dim sum or baked goods, and I'd say the food quality is better than other dim sum take-out places. They have the best hot dog buns in the South Bay that I've had so far, and I'm very picky about my hot dog buns! It doesn't compare to places in SF Chinatown, but it is considerably better than the other local places. The dim sum wasn't bad overall, so I didn't mind it too much. I love that a super big container of porridge is only $3! I had the pork and preserved duck egg porridge, and the consistency and flavor was pretty good. The custard buns were yummy, and like everything else that they make here, they were gigantic. Morrill Cafe also threw in some free Chinese donuts for us, which went nicely with our porridge.The place is clean, has air conditioning, and takes card!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2013,9/28/2013,469,752,6,9,6>This place has potential! It's a hip looking spot for an AYCE korean bbq place.  The prices are not bad for the meat options they give you. 19.99 and 24.99.  We went all in with the 24.99 thinking we were going to get stuffed!  Unfortunately, we left feeling hungry... now how do you leave hungry at an AYCE place?  This is how...3 meats per order even though we had 3 hungry guys!Didn't have the dduk (rice paper) wrap when we arrived pretty early for Sunday dinner.  Then you charge for lettuce per order 1.99... uhhhh this should be free if you guys couldnt provide the dduk.  Anyways, we had a variety of meats to order so we choose the short rib meats first thinking because its one order per person... the portions they give you are small, so when we were done cooking those meats and eating them... we had to wait again for the next three meats which were again a small portion... next order of three meats... then take a wild guess how the portion was again.I noticed 2 hours was coming around and I didn't even feel like I made a dent in my stomach... when I come to AYCE korean bbq places you want to leave MEAT DRUNK!  The waiter said, "LAST CALL" uhhh what?  Yes, there is a 2 hour limit here, which no one told us about, it wasnt in their menu or on their website. When I spoke to the owner he said, oh sorry its like our other restaurant in SF, we have a two hour limit.  First, I'm thinking... I've never been to the SF location and where does it say two hour limit?  So honestly if you guys come here think of a better way to order your meats and even ask them for bigger portions at a time.  I noticed the table next to us was korean and speaking to them in korean and asking for more of a certain meat. Maybe I should of busted out my korean to get better service.Anyways, the service is not bad... these guys are running all over the place.  They even have the buzzer to call on the waiters as well. The meats tasted pretty good as well.  The table is way too small that you can barely have any meats on the table.  Pretty much these guys have planned it out that even though its called UNLIMITED KOREAN BBQ, you are pretty limited!  Small portions per order + small table to even put plates down = You're actually not getting an AYCE meal.I was pretty hyped about this place but it was a let down... I might come back but most likely I'll stick to Bob Sang's which has a 19.99 menu that pretty much gets you MEAT DRUNK.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,9/27/2013,182,592,5,8,5>Came back here again today to get some dim sum takeout for lunch. It was 12pm and the place was decently crowded although there was no line.Siew mai - Hmm, I really dont know how I feel about this. On one hand, it was tasty and rich with the fatty pork meat which you can taste the moment you take your first bite. On the other hand, it was bordering on being too rich/fat that it makes you guilty. You know one of those food that is so good but so sinful so you alternate between happiness and guilt with every bite... Unfortunately, I think this one has tipped the scale and crossed the line to the guilty realm :( A pity, because I did enjoy it quite a bit (before being overwhelmed with guilt, especially since I came here after a gym session... I can still hear my PT yelling at me in my head :/ )Har Gao (Shrimp dumpling) - loved this! Fresh shrimp, the skin is not too thick, and it was moist and tasty even thought I brought it home and left it out in the open for an hour. I hate har gao that turns dry when you leave it out for too long, and this is definitely not one of them.Daikon cake - two of the pieces were slightly burnt so there was a mild charred taste. nonetheless, it was still pretty good - i'd probably be drooling now if not for the burnt bits.Mango dessert - TOO SWEET :( Overall, portions were large (for dimsum). Service was okay. Would definitely come back here again!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,9/26/2013,78,226,4,5,3>These guys are always lovely, friendly and give me yummy/fresh doughnuts... What's not to love?! Great old-town feel. Get there early for the favorites: maple bars and blueberry old fashioned. Love their dozen doughnut holes for $1.35 too! Cash only, heads-up!)
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/25/2013,332,593,10,21,12>FUNNY (check). GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE (check). GREAT PRICE (check). WITHIN 15 minutes (check). What more could you ask for?I went to my original Smog place but it was out of service for today so I drove around the corner and spotted MT Smog, and with the great yelp reviews, I thought, "hmm, I should definitely give this place a try". I was greeted by two employees and I asked, "is there a wait right now?" It must be my lucky day because there was no wait and I was the only one there at that moment so I was helped immediately. They told me it was going to be about 15-20 minutes. They have a seating area with tv's and fans going on, and they also have free wifi (a plus for some people). Right off the bat, these guys are very customer oriented and provide courteous customer service, which is such a huge plus. I love great customer service.They asked me, "how did you hear about us?" I said, "Yelp of course" and I received a $15 off discount off of $60, which brought it down to only $45.I was out within 15 minutes and went on with my day, which is great. I highly recommend this place for your Smog test.They also send in to the DMV electronically. They do take credit cards also.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,9/24/2013,426,165,10,14,10>Wow, some darn-it good food! Alexander's has one Michelin star and it sure lives up to it's fame. It was my 2 year anniversary with my girlfriend so we decided to go all out at Alexander's Steak House.--------------------------------------------------­--[Atmosphere/ Decor]Very sleek, romantic, and low lighting.. the typical fancy schmancyy atmosphere...kind of what you should expect. The lights were low enough so you could barely see the food, which makes total sense. Fool the eyes and you'll fool the senses, especially the taste! For a Tuesday night, it was sure busy. Make sure you make a reservation roughly a few days to weeks in advance, just in case fellas... don't want your significant other to give you the hurt![Food/ Drinks]We ordered the:-Alexander Special (New York Trio)-$185-20oz Prime Rib-$42-Truffle Fries-$9-Tuna Tartar-$18-Dayboat Scallops-$20-Alexander's 2011 Riesling-$15-Le Village Pink Sparkling-$10---Complimentary----Anniversary Cake -Campaign-Macaron Sorbet-Cabernet SauvignonThe "New York Trio Special" was amazing, it comes with three New York Steaks: American New York, Japanese/ Australian Hybrid New York, and lastly Japanese New York. The American was good but a little chewy compared to its counterpart. The best piece of the three was the hybrid! Oh My BAJEEZZZUS! Never had I had such a (lack of a better word) perfect piece of New York. It was beautifully cook, moist, and just gosh darn-it delicious. The Prime Rib was pretty good as well. For just a couple dollars more, you can get the huge 20oz Prime Rib which surprisingly could last you a few days in left over food.If they still have a New York Special, you should definitely order it, well worth it.[Service]Superb service, our waiter Mike went above and beyond to make our anniversary just absolutely perfect. As you can see, they complimentary dessert and drinks was all him. Timely, charming, and extremely professional service, thanks Mike!-------------------------------------------------Overall it couldn't have been a more perfect dinner anniversary for me and my GF, it was surely a night to remember. So if you're ever at Alexander's for any special occasions make sure you prepare yourself.. you'll be blown away!Special thanks to Adam D. and Janet O. for leaving a surprise card on my car... you guys are awesome! :)
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,9/23/2013,622,443,6,12,10>FRESH mochi!  There just aren't that many places in the Bay Area to get fresh mochi, & this is the only one in the south bay that I'm aware of (& Benkyodo in San Francisco is the other one in the Bay Area that I know of).  Once you've had the fresh stuff, the pre-packaged stuff that you can get at a Japanese grocery/Asian grocery just doesn't compare.  I believe they make them fresh every day.  But yeah, when I lived in Socal, there were 2 in the same block in Gardena on Western Ave., & another one in Little Tokyo that I knew of, so a few more options there.Anyway, they have both mochi & manju (I only learned recently that manju is a variation of mochi, with the outside made of flour, buckwheat, & rice, & can be steamed or baked).  I've known about mochi since I was a kid, but only knew it as the rice mochi with sweet filling.  So, they have many variations of mochi & manju with sweet red bean/adzuki bean fillings, lima bean filling, etc. & they even have a peanut flavor one too.  There's probably other flavors that I don't know about, since I show up at the end of the day, & they probably sell out by then.Looks like they have shaved ice too, but I've never gotten it.I've always been helped by a sweet Japanese grandma type behind the counter who speak in both English & Japanese.They are cash only.They close early, 5pm most days, 4pm on Sundays, & are closed on Mondays.So, now that I work in the south bay, my goal on Friday, when I get off at 4pm, is to race over & buy mochi before I head home.  And maybe stop at Roy's for a coffee before I leave.Close to & on Jackson, parking is metered, & the meters run until 6pm during the week, not 5pm.  If you're willing to walk a few extra steps, you can also look for non-metered parking on the the side streets a little further from Jackson.  That's what I do, because I'm otherwise scrounging around looking for change to feed the meter.Located on the north side of Jackson, between 5th & 6th.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,9/22/2013,39,65,34,36,40>Once upon a time, there was an adorable princess who wore a size 10 and went off to college. The princess went through a quarter life crisis, gained more weight than she knew what to do with, and lost all of the confidence she once possessed when it came to cute clothing and fabulous lingerie. The poor princess just didn't know what to do with herself. Every time she went into her former royal dresser, the workers at Victoria's Secret informed her that things just didn't come in her size. She even read a PostSecret saying we should be grateful that VS didn't make lingerie in her size. The princess would flip through catalogues and magazine and realize she didn't look like the girls in the pictures anymore. She searched high and low for outfits that her prince would be able to appreciate. Every time a package would come from a far away land, the princess would get her hopes up. She would prance around the room just knowing that this corset would fit her and look as good as it did in pictures! Each time, the princess would end up with tears in her eyes, as each outfit was either awkward, cheap, or just tacky. Her confidence dropped even lower when it came to her body. "Is it true?" she would ask her prince. "Am I just not meant to properly dress for you in the bedroom until I lose weight?" The prince saw how frustrated she was, but each quest he went on ended with no results. The prince and princess were sent to a new kingdom in the faraway land of San Jose. The prince did some research and discovered there might just be a little shop that was perfect for his princess. For his birthday, he wanted a surprise. He sent her on a trip to this fabled shop in her mustachemobile in hopes that she would return with a special present just for him. The princess wasn't sure how she felt about this trip. She just knew that nothing would fit her right. She knew everyone would judge her for her body. Her royal carriage traveled by the shop 7 times before she had the courage to step inside. Awaiting her arrival was her fairy godmother. Her fairy godmother knew that she looked uncomfortable, and even refused to let her use self-deprecating humor in her shop. The princess slowly warmed up to her fairy godmother, but still doubted the fact that anything was made for her body. She had been told enough times that she wasn't meant for lingerie. Eventually, her fairy godmother selected a few garments for her to try. The princess was even bold enough pick out a few that she might like! Off to the fitting rooms they went. After much deliberation, a lot of positive thinking, and the honest opinion of her fairy godmother, she was able to select a fabulous outfit that she knew was perfect. No longer would she be forced to wear awkward fitting garments or scratchy, cheap fabrics. The princess realized that she could still wear beautiful things for her prince. Even better, the princess was reminded that every body was beautiful, especially when they found the perfect shop made just for them. The prince and the princess lived happily ever after, which explains this much overdue review.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2007,10/5/2007,0,0,19,6,14>Once upon a time there lived a tiny yelp queen who ruled over a small sector in the vast kingdom of yelp. She was an opinionated queen, and somewhat of a diva and, unfortunately, she suffered from internet stupidious. All was well in her kingdom until she started having trouble with her locksmyth. Every day that her frazzled locks could not be tamed she was in horror. So she summoned her council and she told them her dilemma and learned of an infamous locksmyth. She thought "I must try this myth and see if he is worthy of becoming my muse".So she ordered the locksmyth to have a go at her locks...he was nervous you could tell.  Never before had he work on such noble and royal locks..."could they be tamed" he thought, "they had better or she'll have me beheaded for sure"...For 3 1/2 long grueling hours he worked liked the devil trying to contain the beastly locks...he was shaking like a leaf as he turned the queen's face to gaze upon her reflection in the mirror... she paused...not a short one...a long one...for what seemed like an eternity for the worried locksmyth...until finally she took in a breath and said....."looks great.....you can have your head for one more day" and ordered him to be her new muse...The Queen thought  "could this be her Sir Lance-a-Locks?"To be continued...
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2007,10/4/2007,69,225,15,6,7>I probably would've given this place 4-stars ... if I was drunk.But as it stands, I was the DD. Man, you REALLY want to have a completely sober DD when you leave this place. The cops blocked one of the main ways to get out, forcing me to drive BACKWARDS out of the parking lot until I could turn around. They reminded me of vultures in uniform as they lurked outside the bar doors, rubbing their hands greedily at the thought of issuing citations.So yeah, the Saddle Rack. It's expensiiiiive: $10-20 cover charge, depending on what time you arrive. The drink prices aren't terrible, but how much they are watered-down certainly makes them not worth the price. HOWEVER. The patrons here are the best .... ever. In just one night I witnessed:- An elderly man who has to be at least 70 years-old dance with almost every girl in the place. What a pimp!- Two brazen girls dancing in the cage, accepting singles from men in tight pants and cowboy hats while dancing seductively to some Brooks & Dunn song.- A man BREAKDANCING to "Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy"- Lines of people doing all these country dances flawlessly and with perfect rhythm. It was like something out of a movie.- A bar fight between two cowboys that had be taken "outside."- An entire family cheering on their youngest as she took six shots at the "shot chair." After the 5th, the father yelled at her to take another and then turned to me, beaming proudly and said, "That's my daughter!" So yeah, it's safe to say I'd come again, but next time I sure as hell ain't driving.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2007,10/3/2007,192,216,8,8,8>It's time to do my part to recycle and help save this Earth!This green company recycles old computers, hard drives, monitors, TVs, keyboards, and anything else electronic or have components. I believe they resell stuff for Environmental and charitable organizations.My only beef with them, is that they CHARGE! It cost me $16 to give them my old computer, monitor, and keyboard. They weighed it, so I'm assuming the more you recycle, the more it costs you! I know what you're thinking, why didn't I just leave the stuff on their door steps in the middle of the night? Well, they have several security cameras and signage NOT TO DROP stuff off without going through their drop off process. Doh!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2007,10/2/2007,849,1374,2,11,8>Bombay Garden in Sunnyvale: Fertile Ground for the Biggest Indian Buffet EverBombay Garden is our current go-to Indian buffet in the South Bay (because of late I can't convince the husband to go to the vastly superior Turmeric). They took over the old Pasand location at Lawrence Expressway and El Camino Real. Everyone goes for the buffet - I'm not sure they even have a menu - and it's $14 for a huge spread of food (their ads say 35-40 dishes) and access to free soda. I think the total number of dishes is slightly lower than Passage to India which makes it the biggest Indian buffet I know of. They include a lot of typical buffet dishes (though no Chicken Tikka Masala), some South Indian specialties and a lot of vegetarian fare, as well as some unique dishes.I'm realizing as I write this that it's hard for me to come up with individual dishes I really, really love. There's so much that I end up stuffing myself (which is why I may have been thinking it's better than it is) because I want to try it all (even if I've tried it before). Most dishes are pretty good, a few not so good. In any case it's definitely worth a visit.The Stand-Outs in a Good Way:Upma - Kind of like an Indian bread salad with nuts and spicesFree hot naan - Good but a little too butteryMango soft serveDosa fillingPav BhajiThe Stand-Outs (in a Bad Way)Bengan Bartha - Cream has been added to this eggplant dish here. I still eat it - it's just not as good.Chicken Mahkni - Generally it's fine, though I found something strange and hard in one bite last time. I wish they'd serve Chicken Tikka Masala (CTM) instead though!Dosa pancakes and Aloo Tikki - always coldThe mango pudding with fruit is pretty good, although the pudding is liquidy and the fruit might be exotic canned stuff. Still, the taste is good. The kheer's good, too. I'm just happy there are options beyond the inevitable buffet gulab jamun (which they also have).There are waits for tables here at 9:15 at night. You'd think the turnover of dishes then would still be good. However, there are many dishes (aloo tikki potato cakes, dosa pancakes, utappam) that they stop refilling and are cold. For $14 a person there should be more refillage.There are always parties going on in side rooms, and that combined with a packed dining room and Bollywood movies playing means that this place is always busy. It also means that there are always several bratty kids (there is always at least one every visit - I watched as one kept coughing on the buffet). The decor is pretty nice. The service is only okay - they often have to be flagged down to get more water and naan.You'd think the parking lot would be dead when you emerge from Bombay Garden after eating at 10 p.m. That's not the case at all. That's when it becomes gangbanger parking lot with people sitting on folding chairs, hanging off tailgates, and generally acting like the parking lot is a big tailgate party for hooking up, but without the hibachis. Weird.My Current Indian Buffet Rankings:1) Turmeric, Sunnyvale2) Passage to India, Mountain View3) Priya, Berkeley4) Bombay Garden, Sunnyvale5) Mehak, Berkeley6) Sargam, Walnut Creek7) Mayuri, Santa Clara8) Taj, Sunnyvale9) Maharaja?, Mtn View --- on Castro St., can't remember name but it's not Sue's, maybe Godavari?10) Tandoori Mahal, San Francisco11) Khana Peena, Berkeley12) Sahib, Richmond 13) Swarna,Walnut Creek14) Tandoori Bites, San Jose15) India Palace, Berkeley16) Raj, Oakland
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2007,10/1/2007,319,125,4,11,6>Very few Korean joints taste like shit. It's hard for a Korean cook to mess up when there's crack salt, dahshidah (MSG), next to their spatula. But take the magic powder away and watch the cheaters get stuck in the sifter. And who's left? Gaesung House of Tofu. Not good, but a GREAT Korean restaurant that doesn't cheat with flavor and truly cares about feeding their patrons food straight outta da Land of the Morning Calm. Their beef broth, the basis for most of their soups, tastes like hours of simmering and method, not crack salt. The banchan is thoughtfully made. The haemool pajun (seafood pancake) is fresh and beautifully fried. The owner's care extends to the meticulously calm decor. The servers are professional and thorough. You know, as I write this I have a strong desire to meet the owner. I truly respect her business and integrity that shows in the food, service, and decor.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/23/2007,9/30/2007,274,290,10,15,14>Ramen Hunt 2007 Stop #4: Maru IchiSee Ramen Halu review for background on this insane adventure across the Bay Area yelp.com/biz/x4kQVJjVlwz At this point in the Ramen Hunt, I had topped out at Santa Ramen and very grateful that I had chosen to wear a skirt made out of stretchy sweatpants materials (yes, the choice was intentional. yes, I am that gross). Although I was a little frightened that we still had two bowls of ramen to go, we had taken a little break, and I was game for the home stretch.Located in the family friendly, Asianphilic Castro Street strip of Mountain View, Maru Ichi is a large restaurant with a noodle machine in the front area (apparently it is very rare for ramen shops to make their own noodles) and kim chi at every table (it was just ok, not that fresh). What sets this ramen shop apart from others is its featured "Kuro Ramen," whose broth takes on a black mottled color from a special browned garlic oil; think: Rorschach ink blot ramen. I'm not the kind of eater that I would be put off by the way food looks, but I can see how some might find the Kuro ramen unappetizing both in appearance and flavor. I must admit that I had to take several sips because my mind was very confused whether or not I actually liked how it tasted. Not quite garlic flavored. The pork flavor gets overshadowed by the blackened oil taste; I was hoping for something more balanced.The homemade noodles struck me as interesting, white in color and tasting less eggy and feeling less elastic (my knowledgable fellow ramen hound hypothesized a lower gluten content). Not really my kind of noodle, but it was ok. The Kuro ramen came with chasu roasted pork, but we ordered some extra stewed pork with it...both were simple in their preparation, but lacking the robust flavor I have grown to love at other places (namely Santa Ramen and Katana-ya).Maybe it was fatigue. Maybe it was general ambivalence about the bowl of ramen before me...But. I could not bring myself to eat my share of the bowl. Sure, you might be thinking, "Uh, yeah you disgusting human being, after 4 bowls of ramen, your body should be rejecting the stuff." In all honesty though, even at this point in the Hunt, if this were a bowl of Santa Ramen, I would have been trying a lot harder to restrain myself from finishing the bowl. I just wasn't feelin' it.Noodles: 3 stars - I like my noodles to have some oomph, so ehh.Broth: 3 stars - I'm still on the fence.Pork/Meat: 3 stars - unremarkable but ok.Ramen Accessories (sprouts, fish roe, scallions): 4 stars - the fish roe is unique.Non-Food Factors (price, service, wait, menu, etc): 4 stars - whoa, they serve $12 pitchers of Sapporo beer.OVERALL: 3 stars
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2007,9/29/2007,23,16,2,5,5>I LOVE this place!!! Being Indian myself, I usually hate almost every Indian restaurant I try because the food can never compete with my mommy's. But this place has ridiculously delicious food that I crave quite frequently.First of all, this is not a fancy restaurant so if that's what you are looking for then this is definitely not the right place to be. Second, it is supposed to self-serve so you obviously won't get someone waiting on you hand and foot. Third, the food is spicy and oily so if you're on a diet, stay home.I highly recommend the naan, the biryani, the chicken tikka masala, the tandoori chicken, the lamb curry, and the chickpeas. The seekh kabobs are great as well.Yummmm...I think I need to stop writing and go grab a bite to eat now! =)
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2007,9/27/2007,264,401,7,4,8>In all fairness, the farmers market wasn't officially open when we stopped by this morning around 9, but I think most of the produce stands were already set up.  The first stand I saw with peaches, nectarines, plums, pluots, etc had all fruit priced at $3.25/lb.  This is even more expensive than the notoriously expensive SF Ferry Building FM which averages the same fruit for about $3/lb.  This doesn't seem to be a farmers market one would go to specifically for a farmers market...more like you're going to SR and may take a look at the stands not really expecting to buy anything.  If you're looking for more of a farmers market experience, check out Campbell's a couple freeway exits away (yelp.com/biz/9aiWTOjHLE3). There are supposed to be some good prepared food stands, so I'll give it a shot eventually. I think Christine E thought I was flirting with bread man who I've encountered at Serramonte's FM (I like his big brioche).  I totally was not, but what can I say...a man peddling carbs kinda excites me!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,9/26/2007,188,30,36,35,45>I can't imagine anyone finding this place to be less than whole-heartedly, fantastically, eminently, luminously, Ferrari-redly, orgasmic. Truly a magical place, the glitzy Italian luxury engulfs you. In the market for a F360 or F430? There's a handful to ogle and a few to test drive. Just want to get your Pininfarina fix? Sales Manager Jason Zafiropoulo will bypass any semblance of pitching and chat you up anyway. Hoping for a glimpse of your own reflection off the 599? It's being serviced next door. Addicted to Ferrari RED? Skip the MoMA display (sfmoma.org/exhibitions/e) and come right in! There's even a bistro (Italian sodas, paninis, you name it) to satiate your other appetite, complete with soundtrack provided by and visuals of F1s zooming by on the flatscreen.If the El Camino Real (Menlo Park/Atherton) is part of your daily commute, be sure to cock your head at just the right angle in full view of the left-most display car. Currently, she is a sexy, silver, blue-striped MC12 with gorgeous lines and a heart of a beast. A while ago, the quaint ex-King Leopold III 342 America took the spotlight. And before that, it was the (gulp) Enzo (please excuse the puddle of drool). All are part of owner Art Zafiropoulo's private collection... so tear up that $500K deposit check you were making ready. Possibly the coolest place to take your fanatic pre-teen son or nephew for 100% guaranteed satisfaction... or simply to render them speechless. Unless, of course, your son is still into Pokemon and/or your nephew is a pansy. Or if you're into Priuses. (But then, you probably shouldn't request to add me as a friend... or read my reviews.)Parting wishes... If you spot the stickered Ferrari one of these mornings, may you enjoy peace, love, and happiness for the day's duration. If you catch sight of the ULTRATECH sticker thereupon, may you live forever. And finally, if you find that they are showcasing the 2008 Maserati GranTurismo Coupe, please, just call me.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2007,9/25/2007,293,735,7,23,10>I got my nails done at John's Creation today with two of my girlfriends. They both got pink and white gel tips for $38. Me, being too chicken to get gels or anything other than nail polish put onto my nails, got a French manicure ($17). Actually, the reason I got a French manicure is because I couldn't decide on a nail polish color. Should I go for a natural look or my go-to color, red? They use mostly OPI nail colors, but also have a small selection of Essie and Creative Nail Design nail polish. By the door, they have four large massage chairs and individual jet baths for pedicures ($25). A mani/pedi is $35, which is $2 cheaper than having them done separately. I was impressed by the long leg and foot massage the pedicurist gave this woman. The man who did my nails didn't speak very much English, but he did a great job on my nails. He was really careful when trimming my cuticles (without me asking), which put me at ease, because after one bad experience, I haven't had them cut in more than 5 years. My girlfriends really like the outcome of their nails too, so John and his team made the three of us very happy. I would definitely return here when I want to pamper myself. :)------I feel like I should mention that John and his team were really accommodating to my friend who has an electric wheelchair. The space in the nail salon isn't very large, but they made her feel comfortable as best as they could.                              **************************************************­*******                                       In case you don't want to read my review:                                                   manicure: $12                                                   French manicure: $17                                                   pedicure: $25                                                   mani/pedi: $35                                                   pink + white (gel): $38
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,12/4/2011,244,84,10,7,5>I came to this restaurant with two childhood  friends to catch up and eat good food. we call 1 guy 'the mayor', because he is a mayor, and we call the other guy 'the phd', because he is getting his phd. my moniker is 'the janitor'. guess what i do for a living... To start the three of us the ordered the boar ribs, calamari, salmon wrapped scallop, and butternut squash soup to start. the portions are very generous even when they tell you it serves one. The boar ribs were the most surprising. super tender and the seasoning isnt too thick, not a mess to eat. The calamari was not that great, the breading was kind of spongy and visually is looked like it sat out under a heat lamp for days. the salmon wrapped scallop is massive, and comes on top of sauteed spinach and a potato cake. the potato cake was awesome, but the scallop was a little under-seasoned. still delicious. The butternut squash was rich. ended up using that to dip our table side bread into. i usually hate soups that have any sweetness, but this one definitely works. By the time we ordered entrees we were pretty stuffed from the appetizers so we split two. We ordered the mushroom risotto with chicken and the bottom sirloin steak with cajun french fries. The risotto was yummers. it comes with truffle oil, but i think it is so over-rated that we asked them to put the oil on only half the risotto so i could eat some without getting that warm overly rich taste that people love about truffles. The bottom sirloin was cooked perfectly, and the only way to make it taste better was if it was a different cut of meat. cajun fries were tasty and had some kick. The service was pretty good, always nice when the restaurant manager swings by a couple times to check in and see how the guests are enjoying themselves. Will be back soon... 'the janitor' may not be able to come here often so i may have to come with 'the sugar mama' next time
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,12/3/2011,311,178,21,22,21>YUM! I can finally cross this off my bucket list.I was surprise to see that they only had three and a half types of Ramen to choose from. Orenchi, Shio, Shoyu, and 20 bowls of Tsuke Men (which is what the half refers to). Did the Tan Tan Men get lost somewhere???We came for dinner so obviously the 20 bowls of Tsuke Men we initially wanted to try were already long gone. So we ordered the next best things:Spicy bamboo shoots- so good and crunchy! Not too spicy but just enough to qualify. Green onions add a fun kick.Shio Ramen- the broth was very light and took a few seconds to sink in, but that doesn't mean it's not good. The noodles are thin and had a wheat like taste. There was also a sticky gray glob that had me questioning what the heck did they put in my Ramen.. But I ate it anyways and surprisingly it added a pleasant feel to the already appetizing bowl.Orenchi Ramen- it was LEGEND wait for it... DARY! As soon as the broth touch my lips, a splash of rich, creamy, savory pork flavor spread throughout my mouth. The noodles were thicker with a texture more chewy than that of the Shio's, and it also came with an egg. After that first bite, i slowly inhaled, and the rest... was history.**I had a blond moment during one point of the meal and dropped my spoon. One of the workers was nice enough to bring me another one before i even had to ask. Good lookin' out fellas!***cool points for having a pitcher of ice water on every table.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,12/2/2011,1335,1550,8,12,14>I love the simplicity of this park. I admire it when walking by. Yesterday stopped with Adam and was surprised that there is a pool here as well.Awesome! The park is usually partially gated but easily accessible. Nice simple bench that's  spaced well. Green shrubs and healthy looking plants all around.I don't know but it looks very romantic anytime of the day. I usually walk by around 4-5 but I've seen it at 9pm during summer and I like it too!:)It's in a very quite part of a neighborhood that feels like it's miles away from everything. Officially it is next to a group of nice looking buildings. A few blocks from St James Park.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,12/1/2011,854,542,18,16,15>After months and months of driving by and noticing what I suspected was just a quaint wine bar in a [nice, quiet] part of town, I walked through the door, very much by accident (or is it kismet?) on my way elsewhere. That's when I saw the beer taps. Felt the chill vibe. Met the endearing staff.I  slipped, tripped, and done fell in love.I wasn't looking when it happened, but isn't that always the way?I like and appreciate wine, of which they have a wide array and assortment of varietals, but the breadth and variety of beer on the menu or featured in rotation is the star of the show for me. Small batch releases to craft brews to imported Belgians to seasonal favorites, the always-changing selection of beer is... its exciting! Week after week (and yes, I've been here at least once a week for a couple of months), there is ever something new I'm giddy to try. And the genuine easy-going friendliness of the staff? They're such enablers! But they're enthusiastic and knowledgeable about their wares and craft, able to really convey the taste of a brew to help me decide what I'd like to try. I've yet to be led astray.For a fleeting moment, I felt out of place (ya know, because that's my way), but any apprehensions  were quickly assuaged by the charm and enthusiasm of everyone I've met there. All of the staff -- I'll miss someone and kick myself for it so I won't namedrop -- make Wine Affairs one of the most inviting and welcoming places around and quickly one of my favorite bars, a place that I was excited to share with the bestfriend and a few others.And now I'm enamored and can't get enough of the place. So much so that I've joined their Beer Club which just creates more reason and opportunities to keep coming back.See you soon... and I can't wait.________________________If loving you is wrong...
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,11/30/2011,299,100,21,23,22>Santana Row is not my cup of tea but if it were then Vintage Wine Bar would be the perfect hot steamy cup of smooth chamomile tea.  Perfect place to grab a pre-dinner drink and soak in the essence of each other.Sitting outside smack dab in the middle of Santana Row sipping our wine was idyllic to say the least.  Quiet enough to hear the anxiousness in his voice yet bustling enough not to feel like a focal point as he reaches out to gingerly entwine your fingers into his from across the table.PDA was never my thing but at Wine Vintage Bar it somehow feels acceptable or at least excusable.  You're slightly intoxicated by the wine along with your date's presence so when in Rome...
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,11/29/2011,439,671,10,18,15>The World According to NoelleAllergic Girl's Guide to LifeJasmine Nail Spa is a good place for pedicures. Yesterday, I came here for a pedicure. They were able to accommodate me without a scheduled appointment, I just had to wait five minutes. They have a decent (not great) selection on OPI Nail Polish colors for customers to select. The spa is clean and well maintained.Upon sitting in the pedicure chair, I was given a spa menu and was able to select my spa services. They didn't do an extreme upsell. Tina did my pedicure and did a good job painting my toes. They do time the massage on the legs with a timer. For a non-chain beauty spa Jasmine Nail Spa is a good choice. My regular pedicure cost $30 plus tip. If you check in on Yelp - there is a 10% discount.Noelle's NotesGood non-chain nail spa.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,11/28/2011,2068,6,25,24,24>I have not given up on the Mexican people of San Jose. Today I gave their food a second chance at Dia de Pesca which specializes in seafood. At noon I was actually craving for macaroni noodles soup when I followed the smell of wonton up to the third floor of the Mohs Surgery Department.  I ended up near my PO Box on Bascom Avenue because I was day dreaming and missed my exit to go to the credit union. Sometimes I am amazed to find myself safely at my destination since my head is always in La La land contemplating about my next task, my next meal, or my next vacation. Without any regrets or terrible accidents (I am female and Asian after all), I miraculously arrived and discovered a good place to enjoy Mexican seafood. The lined cactus, colorful pots with baby palm trees, woven tablecloth, and covered outside seating area has a more authentic atmosphere than Mariscos La Costa.  I quickly scanned the premises to make sure that there was an equal ratio of men to women so I don't have to deal with a repeat of the perverted El Creepo incident. Everyone waiting for the order with their designated number seem to be really relaxed and enjoying the nice weather. I sat outside to go through my mail looking for checks and a good place in the Mediterranean or Europe for my next cruise.  Was I the only one anxiously waiting for the cook from the stationed taco truck to deliver my order of shrimp and crab flautas ala carte and breaded halibut soft taco? It would have been nice to if they offer complimentary chips and salsa. I was famished but the additional rice and beans on a regular flautas entree would have really blown my diet.The wait was well worth it because the dishes were both delicious. The quality of the fish was below Steamer's Grillhouse in Los Gatos but what can you expect for $3.50? The flautas was moist and soft but by the third one I was tired of the same texture and longed for some shredded chicken. I pretended like it was my last meal/day in Cancun, Mexico. I poured some hot Tapatio sauce and squeezed a lime on top if the julienne cabbage and finely diced tomatoes and happily gobbled the rest of my lunch. Instead of getting out of my way next time when you see me on the road, maybe you should follow me on a great adventure to find another local neighborhood gem like Dia de Pesca. Make sure you bring your passport because I might be spontaneous and land at the airport bound for London inside of Los Angeles in search of the next best eats.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,11/27/2011,783,653,9,12,11>Super late review for Vung Tao....I used to come here a lot when I used to live in the area... My family loves this place. It definitely gives an oomph to the regular Vietnamese dishes we are accustomed to.And Angela's UYE came up...and Man... i definitely have missed this place so much! ps:We are terribly sorry for the other diners who complained about our noise level and our preferred wordings of normal words. haha.I remember trying these dishes at Vung Tao:*Cha Gio: Egg rolls served with Mixed Greens. -- wrap these egg rolls with the lettuce and dunk it in the fish sauce and Boom. awesomeness.*Tom Qua Tien: Crisp Shrimp Imperial Rolls. - Loved this! super awesome with the sauce.*Goi Du Du Bo Kho: Shredded green papaya served with dried sesame beef and basil - This salad is so refreshing. It gives you this healthy feel. Really good.*Ca Tuyet Kho To: Caramelized Sea Bass - Omigosh. This melts in your mouth like butter. Love love love. really good especially eaten with rice. It's really garlicky.*Cum Suton Cha Gio: porkchops and eggs over rice!! Ultimate comfort food!! it's like lunch and breakfast feel and super filling!!*Com Bo Luc Lac: THIS IS MY FAVE!!!! okay. so imagine perfectly seared cubed steak that's garlicky on a bed of greens...and it also comes with the tomato rice that's buttery... it's YUMMMMM...*Com Ga Xa Ot: My first time at Vung Tao, i was drawn to the phrase "chicken caramelized in garlic"... But this dish didn't do it for me. I barely ate it and picked from my friends' plates.*Canh Chua Ca Bong Lau: Tamarind soup with catfish and veggies: it was pretty decent.. i loved the taste of the tamarind soup. however, i'm not really a fan of catfish. But it's a good start to warm the tummy up.I really love it here! the ambiance! the servers!! and pretty much, the service was quick and good.Pretty great for a big party... tried and tested by Us... Yelp friends.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,11/26/2011,154,237,6,7,7>I can't believe I haven't written a review for DishDash, my favorite restaurant in downtown Sunnyvale!  I've been coming here for years and the food has been consistently delicious!  I love Mediterranean food, it's full of flavor from fresh ingredients & herbs and is reasonably healthy.  I've had a variety of dishes here and all have been excellent! Most plates are served with grilled vegetables (Mushrooms, beets, zucchini, red peppers) and rice. The meats always perfectly seasoned, juicy and tender. A few of my favorites here are:HUMMUSGRAPE LEAVESMUSAKA'AKUFTA KEBABMO the KING OF KEBABS-CHICKEN & STEAK (TIKA)BERIANI DAJAJARABIC COFFEE w/CARDAMOM FRESH MINT TEAI enjoy the atmosphere here and it is always busy!  Service is always friendly and if you take your food to go, they are usually quick and offer water while you wait.  They offer catering.  I will continue to eat at this neighborhood gem!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,11/25/2011,539,247,8,9,9>I have really grown quite found of this place. Mizu is the only sushi establishment that keeps me coming back for more. Ambiance: Very spacious, love the comfy side booths. Modern, clean decor. I think this is a great spot to take that special date to or to bring your group of girls to have dinner. It's not too noisy and you can actually have a conversation with your dinner guests.Service: Every time I have been here, service was good. Got everything we requested, glasses were refilled, plates were bussed.Food: My favorite items are the crispy rice with spicy tuna (not as great as the ones in LA but it satisfies the craving) The sweet potato fries with sweet wasabi dipping sauce, simple satisfying comfort food. The green spider roll- just the presentation of it will blow you away. Deep fried, soft-shell crab with asparagus, avocado adorned with seaweed, rice and cucumber,topped with unagi sauce and spicy mayo. The santiago roll is also another favorite- Gobo, cucumber, spicy crab, eel topped with hamachi, dungeness crab meat, jalapeno and sriracha- all my favorites inside a roll!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,10/22/2011,88,220,5,8,6>Okinawa has tons of Okinawa soba houses on the island, as much as we have Starbucks here.   I was born there so that's all I knew about noodle soups until I had my first ramen here in the US.  Although I like ramen a lot, I love Okinawa soba (which is not the same soba served in Japan).  Okinawa soba is not made of buckwheat and is more wider than the typical ramen (more like the Chinese lo mein).   To me soba has much more flavor than ramen.So, I was really excited that this ramen house was now serving Okinawa soba.  (there is no such thing as Okinawa ramen).   We ordered the soba with the ribs and Okinawan rice.   I wished they had rafute (braised pork belly) normally found on soki soba.  Their pork was ok, but wished it was a bit more tender.   The noodles were as I remembered, delicious and a bit chewy.  The broth was a bit more saltier and stronger than normal (per my mother).   I think they make the broth stronger for the ramen lovers.  The Okinawa rice was weird, good, but I never had that in Okinawa.Finally a place that serves Okinawa soba (there goes my dreams of opening one) outside of Hawaii.Now waiting for yakisoba and goya champuru....please!!!!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,10/21/2011,948,916,5,13,8>Came here with friends to celebrate one of the bffs milestone birthday :)I had the salmon, BF had the NY steak, another had the Steak Rossini, one had the Chicken Truffle Mac and Cheese, another had the dish with clams, another had the cowboy ribeye, and the birthday girl had the scallops. I got to taste a little bit of everything and I liked it all... Yum yum everything was so rich and decadent especially the Steak Rossini omg. I was happy with my salmon dish and enjoyed it to the very end. The sides we had were the duck fat fries, truffled Mac and cheese, and steamed garlic asparagus. The fries tasted like normal fries, should've skipped those and listened to all the reviews on here. The Mac and cheese was good. I prefer them here than the ones I had at Alexanders, which was overwhelmed with the truffle oil. The asparagus was nothing to write home about, I probably can cook better ones at home, but you'd be surprised about how many fine dining places do NOT know how to cook asparagus really well.Would I come again? Oh yeah.Quick Tip: Use the hotel valet service and save yourself hassle and headache in finding a parking spot. The restaurant will validate your parking :)
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,10/20/2011,192,216,12,15,13>NOTE: Birthday Party High fives all the way round!!! After researching different venues on Yelp through Reviews and Talk Threads, we decided to have The Little Gym in Milpitas host our son's second birthday party this year. It was everything we hoped and expected for and MORE!!! From the very beginning, Ms. Desiree was a gracious representative of the Little Gym. She was very kind, knowledgeable, and patient to our 100+ questions and requests! We especially liked this location because it was more centralized for our friends & family. Plus, we were told that since it had a smaller amount of memberships, the booking dates would be more available. They completely try to make it as stress-FREE as possible. They provide many of the basics: party room for 2 hours (we paid extra for a 3rd hour by choice), two activity leaders for 1.5 hours inside the padded room, invitations, decorations, juicy boxes for the kids, garbage, tables, chairs, etc... we brought in all the food, goodie bags, balloons, and extra drinks (NO ALCOHOL allowed). Mr James and Ms "Merry-go-round" were terrific activity leaders/saftey monitors!!! Kudos to them. I feel bad, are we supposed to tip them??? They did such a great job!!! ============================*Recommendation: They should have some background music in their lobby and party room. It kills any silent awkwardness with guests and lightens the mood faster.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,10/19/2011,47,202,7,9,6>During the week I spend most of my time at work like any other parent. I try and dedicate the weekend to doing stuff for my daughter, I wanted to do something fun and Bounce-A-Rama came to mind. Being in the area, we never been to this place, but reading reviews on yelp along with seeing the pictures made me wanna give this place a try. Saturday night, this place is jammed packed with kids. Of course, birthday parties and such going on. Upon entering you see a ton of games, along with the big blow up bounce places. Parents are free, and kids if they want to bounce a round, wrist bands are $12.75? I think on weekdays its around 10 bucks. I don't think there are limits to how long they can bounce for, and from my understanding its good the whole day. I also asked and you can go in as long as the band stays on your child's wrist. This place has an arcade, a dining area, and a bounce park for both big kids and little kids. My daughter is only 1 so we were in the jr. section. The jr. section had about 4 bounce areas, the Mystery Machine, Ni Hao Kai Lan, a Bob the Builder type thing, and Dora the Explorer. I got to go in the last 3, hahah I must admit, I wasn't jumping too much but it was quite fun. My daughter had a blast, Dora would have to be her fav. She loved the mini slide. The only downside to our jumping visit was that kids aren't being watched carefully. I had to take my daughter out because a young girl kept kicking and pushing her!! I had to tell her to stop and get off, even when I move my child she still continued to do it. I went back out and tried looking for her parents, but no one claimed her. I was so irritated. Some parents really need to teach their kids some manners! The dining on the other hand was not so bad. Their pizzas were tasty, and they had a couple different stuff on their menus to choose from, chicken nuggets, mini corn dogs, salads, etc. Their chicken nuggets are pretty good too. They also had Starbucks Coffee!! I didn't any, but I'm surprised to see they sell it at a place like this. Dining area also had a big screen tv, that was playing sports. So major plus for all you dads out there haha, double plus for us moms, leave your older children off to play, while dad is there watching football, and us moms can go out and shop for a bit!! This place is great, me and my family had a blast. Also my daughter bouncing around got her to bed early!! hahaha Wooo Hooo! I can't wait to go back, hopefully next time we can try out some of the games, they look like fun
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,10/17/2011,878,405,18,22,20>I'm not one to eat in my car, so you won't find me with my headlights on waiting for service.  And besides, I don't mind eating in their clean outdoor dining area listening to a good collection of oldies. I'm not one to eat chili cheese dogs, but I do like their regular dogs.  They have a nice snap to them (as it should), and pretty tasty too.  I get mine just the way I like it....with everything.  The tomato slices, onions, and relish don't make it too messy either.  $3 nachos were beyond worth it!  The serving size could feed three people easy....or a hungry Bobby. I appreciate a simple menu, cheap prices, and a diligent staff.  I also appreciate San Jose landmarks that continue to thrive.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,10/16/2011,914,310,8,10,8>I like the crowd at this venue, it's different from the other venues on the area.. the customers seem more sophisticated.  I loved the music!  They played some swanky r&b for the first two hours, then when it started getting busy, they played some really good hip hop/pop dance music.I'd give it 5 stars if it wasn't for the poor customer service.  We ordered some appetizers and drinks from this waitress with A LOT of makeup on.. and while she was taking our order, she had a cigarette in her hand.  That completely turned us off and in my eyes, it's very unprofessional.  The waitress comes back about 30 mins later with our 4 drinks and it took nearly 45 minutes for our 3 appetizers to come out!  What we ordered (meatballs, fries and pita bread) isn't at all complex to make, so it frazzled us that the food took so long. I like their happy hour and they make a goood Red Dragon here.  The aphrodite and achilles heel is good also!  The venue is very clean and comparable to a tiny vegas club.  We'll be back -- but probably wont be ordering food next time!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,10/15/2011,853,359,12,11,11>The falafel doesn't live up to the hype...but the banana shake surpasses it!My friends and I went to check this place out. Somehow the three of us had lived in the area for 3 years (me for 7!) and had never been. So we went one night and weren't disappointed but at the same time had expected more. The "large" falafel is huge. It's actually pretty hard to eat because it falls apart really easily. The sauce they add is great, but I could use a more generous slathering. Otherwise the sauce isn't really too noticeable. The whole thing was good but after all of the amazing reviews...I just wanted to like it more. The fries were ok. The pita chips were pretty bad. But the banana shake. Gadzooks was that good! Easily the best banana shake I've ever had. Just writing this review makes me want another one. Just trust me and go get one for yourself!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,10/14/2011,241,320,5,8,5>Now this is some flavorful chicken!This was my first venture into the realm of Korean Fried Chicken, or KFC for short, and I have become an instant fan. First of all,let me just say that IMO, the wings are where it's at. We ordered their combo plate which came with 4 drumsticks and a dozen wings, with half of them spicy and half regular. While the drumsticks are still very, very tasty and juicy, the wings are just loaded with flavor.But what really makes the wings stand out is that they are so dang JUICY! In a similar fashion to searing a steak to lock in the juices, KFC is typically lightly battered and then double fried to create a crispy layer of crust that locks in the juices.Downsides: this ain't fast food. These wings take some serious time to make and if the place is packed, like it was the night that we came in here, you could be waiting for some time. We were seriously hungry the night that we showed up here, we even skipped waiting on a table and ate at the bar, which is a really crappy way for 5 people to eat. Long story short, we ended up not ordering enough food for everyone to be totally full, but we didn't want to wait 30 mins to place another order. My point is, like most good food joints, there may be a wait.I will definitely go back to try this place out again.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,10/13/2011,830,598,12,17,15>One of my favorite Quan Nhau places besides Nha Em or Eight Heaven Lounge. How else do you spend your Sunday evening? On a quest to enjoy a round of $2 beers, balut, shaking beef (bo luc lac), oxtail soup, shots of grey goose and patron, etc. I came to Xa Lang for a couple of birthday celebrations each time! The waitresses who dilly-dally with their customers are super friendly, cute, and worth the money to spend your tips after a night of serenading the ladies with their karaoke system! Yes, the ladies are HOT and sexy especially late evenings on Fridays and Saturdays as they have Go-Go dancers!Clean bathrooms, plush seating arrangements, bar area, and a stripper pole! Yeah....they have a stripper pole!! Ladies, if you know how to use it, handle with care!! HAHA! It's not quite lit inside with the dim lighting, dark demure of black and red color scheme, and paintings of tattooed ladies, but it's worth to check out if you're looking to have fun on a weekend! Noted, there are a few plasma TVs playing top 40 music and the food menu is extensively pricey. However, If you go during their happy hour (Sunday-Wednesday), you can save a couple of dolla dolla bills while playing cards, drinking, dancing, eating, etc. You get the idea! Overall, it's a great place to chill, have fun with your friends and enjoy the environment!They do take reservations for someone's birthday, graduation, promotion at work, or any other celebration! They check IDs so be sure that your guests are above the age of 21! This is an indoor smoking environment, so be aware of your surroundings. The place is opened 5PM until 1AM on weekdays, but Thursdays-Saturdays, they keep it open until 2AM!Will I be willing to come back? YES!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,10/11/2011,198,447,13,16,14>I was in the mood for pho. I decided to take the kids after they got out of school. We made our way to Kim Long since it's been awhile since I ate there.Instead of ordering pho I decided on vermicelli noodles with egg rolls and BBQ beef. The kids split a large beef ball soup and my sister opted for the #1 with everything except the noodles. I know it sounded strange but she wasn't in the mood for noodles just soup.Everything came out fast and tasted yummy. We left feeling satisfied. Next time I will try their rice plates. Yummy.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,4/10/2010,244,197,10,11,11>Could NOT decide what to get.  There are a lot of things on the menu that sound so good.Ended up with the ground beef with potatoes burrito.  Menu says it comes on a bed of greens.  In my head I pictured lettuce that is usually served at Mexican restaurants.It took me a second after my plate was placed in front of me to realize that they were GREENS.  So it was NOT the typical iceberg lettuce.  I was impressed.  My burrito was yummy.  It made a great lunch and a good dinner (I ate half for dinner).  I would prefer the potatoes to be more evenly distributed throughout the burrito.  While eating it I said, "Oh yeah, I forgot there were potatoes in here."  Linda commented that they were finely mixed in with the meat, but . . . what I found was they were at one end, the end I had for dinner.  But it was good.  Maybe could use just a tad more flavor.  I got it with no tomatoes.Chips were thick and crunchy, I like the thinner ones.  I am not a huge salsa fan, but I liked theirs.  I arrived at 11:30 and my party (the Lovely Linda L) was already there.  We had the run of the place for a while.  I didn't see all who came in because I had my back to the door, but it never seemed to get overly crowded.  It was nice.  Service was attentive.I want to go back to get a torta!  I will be back!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,4/9/2010,849,1374,9,11,11>The ravioli at La Villa melt in your mouth, not in your um... pint size container.Seriously though, the meal ravioli are melt in your mouth fantastic, and I'm not even usually a fan of meat ravioli. The ones at La Villa are small pillows filled with beef, spinach, and a trace of Romano cheese covered in tomato sauce. A pint is $6.99 and more filling than it looks.La Villa is an old school Italian deli and the process is you get a number, wait 10 minutes to be called (if you get there at noon), and look at the delicious food in the deli cases while you plot your culinary course of attack. The counter person was very patient with my first timer questions. Then once your arms are filled with a variety of half pint and pint size containers, you look for a table under the umbrellas outside. (Good luck getting one that's also in the shade if you're there at noon. I was lucky.)Some people get the sandwiches here, most get the meat ravioli. (The cheese ravioli is also popular but they won't let you get a container that's half cheese and half meat. I tasted the cheese and thought the meat was better.) There are also lots of other good looking stuff I considered like arancini (Sicilian rice balls stuffed with meat), caprese salad, and Caesar salad.  I did get a half pint ($2) of the cucumber/tomato/onion/kalamata olive salad and one of the bean salad. They were both very good - the cuke/tomato salad slightly better.Because I'm required to bitch about something I can't eat in every review because I'm preggo, I must share that I wanted to get the Caesar but after they confirmed that the dressing had eggs it was a no go. The day I went here was a good day: I tried La Villa for the first time AND my ultrasound screening showed the twins are healthy. Yay!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,4/8/2010,132,237,10,14,13>i'm pretty much simple when it comes to breakfast - eggs, pancakes, potatoes, a little meat. rarely do i venture out and try their specialties unless it's just too damn unresistable. i've been here a few times and all have been good experiences. the service on the other hand is attentive and fast.something to take note: their french toast is made with a little cinnamon and sugar - you can taste just a hint of it. however, they'll leave some extra cinnamon/sugar on the side if you want more.their parking is minimal and can be very challenging at peak times. so, BEWARE, some patrons will be inconsiderate and park retarded just so they can eat there and for that reason, they would be a great addition to the much needed downtown 24hr eateries - plenty of parking.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,4/7/2010,375,196,21,18,17>The monkey was on my back and I was looking to score.  My contact told me Jen may be able to help me with a bit of cupcake medicine.  The bakery is in a row of houses behind the main ones bordering Lincoln with a couple of parking spots right next to it.  I felt better knowing there wouldn't be any eyes on me while the deal was going down.  When I called, they mentioned normally getting orders a few days in advance but I only needed a taste.  Just 12 Red Velvet cupcakes was all it would take to quiet the monkey.  I went in and was in the middle of heavens workshop with cake equipment all around me and the smell of baked yumminess in the air.  A yumminess so thick you could almost paddle through it with a canoe.  The girl looked at me and saw the pain I was in and went directly into the giant walk in refridgerator and came out with a box.  She set it down on the table, removed a seethrough bag from around it and opened it to show me the contents.  Oh my God the deal was going to go down.  I stared at the cupcakes.  The quiet was shattered as a dog barked outside.  I went for my wallet and pulled out my trusty Amex.  Before I knew it, it was all over and I had the stuff.  I was going to have a much more peaceful night than I thought...
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,4/6/2010,539,247,10,12,9>A solid 4.5 stars.We came here after telling out friend how we loved Tquapalaque's food ( I still can't spell or pronounce this place for the life of me) but wasn't impress by the service. There was a big confusion with the name of the place, for some reason we all thought it was "Playa Azul," and it was a little bit of a challenge finding the place, there is definitely a Playa Azul that exists but in Oakland.Puerto Azul is really close by it's competitor. It's located on Lincoln next to Goosetown ( I should say connected to Goosetown) and Kragens. It was a Friday night, and their parking lot was completely packed, luckily we found the last spot on the street. When we walked in their was a bunch of people waiting for tables, the wait was a little bit long to accommodate a party of 2, but it was a peak of Friday night, can't really do much complaining there.Puerto Azul offers a really extensive menu. Everything from the basics enchiladas, tamales, tacos, to their combination mole plates, seafood soup, and fish dishes. I really liked how they offer a good selection of seafood items.Here's a breakdown:House chips and salsa: The salsa was really really good, very spicy too. Warning: Can get really addictive and expect to ask for at least 3 refills.Carne Asada Nachos: These were to die for. Not a big steak fan, but the steak on these nachos were so flavorful. The nachos came in a good portion, not too enormous, perfect for 2-3 people to begin their meals with.Chicken Enchiladas with Mole sauce: It was a tad too sweet for my taste, although I have a sweet tooth. I have had other moles before which were more on the savory side. The enchilada itself was pretty good, very moist and flavorful. I just dumped a lot of the salsa on it to mellow out the sweetness. The beans were delicious, loved all the melted cheese on it. Chevelas: I was a little disappointed that they didn't have a house made Sangria here as well. I ended up ordering their signature light Chevelas. It was really refreshing and tasty, there was just too much of it for me to finish.Service: The service here is way better than Tqualapaque's, they even have a guy who just comes around to refill drinks and salsa.Atmosphere: Very bright, and definitely a homey fill to it. The place can get really loud of you are next to a large party, but It didn't really bother me much.I will definitely be back since their seafood soup is still on my mind, it just looked amazing as its served in a stone bowl with massive crab legs sticking out of it.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2010,4/5/2010,637,316,21,21,19>Hmm...when it comes to hot dogs, a lot of people agree that size matters. For those of you who concur with this idea, you will not be all that satisfied by a supreme dog. The place offers about a dozen different varieties of dogs, but none of them are exceptionally creative, unique, or worth the money. I got a supreme dog for 3 bucks and it was smaller than a costco dog. (i took the photo at an angle to make it larger.) Also, they never have the chicken apple sausage dog!! I stopped in with some friends a couple times and when they didn't have it we went somewhere else. For half the price of my supreme dog I could have gotten a bigger hot dog AND a soda (zing Costco.) It wasn't disgusting in any way, but I just couldn't find it in me to jump for joy about my lunch.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,4/4/2010,615,556,20,25,20>I've never liked insects. Not alive, not dead, and especially not on my plate. But here I sat, staring those brown grasshoppers in the eye, dreading eating them. Then I grew a pair and followed my friend's lead, taking a chip, dipping it in a watered down guac concoction, placing the smallest grasshopper I could find on top, then popping it into my mouth.Hmm...crunchy. Earthy. Interesting.And so ends my experience eating insects.I sucked down more of their beautifully presented and delicious prickly pear horchata, sprinkled with pecans - and moved on to try several more of the appetizers before me. The molotes are a standout and I'd highly recommend them.For our main course, we each tried the enchiladas, consisting of very tender slices of carne asada, tortillas folded underneath the meat, and the lightest mole of the three. Remember, this is Oaxacan cuisine so you won't find traditional tacos, burritos - or even enchiladas. Keep an open mind and ask the server for suggestions if it's your first visit. They are more than happy to help you choose a dish that suits your tastes - no matter how exotic!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2010,4/3/2010,214,447,12,12,12>After day spent shopping and just hanging out before my birthday dinner, the bf told me that he needed to run an errand before we went home to get ready. I shrugged and said, "sure!"So while he's driving, I asked some questions. Me: "Why didn't you tell me? We could have went earlier."Him:"Oh I forgot I needed to stop by here."Me: "Is it close by?"Him:"Close enough."Me: "...."Him: *driving*Me:"It's a bakery, isn't it!?"Him:"What?! What makes you think that?!!!"Me: "It IS! It's totally a bakery! I saw that expression when I guessed it!"Him: "!!!!! Yeah, it is."He pulled into Aki's tiny driveway and parked next to the bakery. We walked in and it's filled with delicious and beautifully decorated cakes. We picked up my birthday cake (it's a guava cake) after a short wait. Later that evening, I got to blow out candles on this cake, celebrating with my family. Best cake ever!!! The guava cake is light and fluffy and so tasty. The frosting isn't too sweet and is just perfect for it. It was so amusing to see the BF make "how'd you guess!?!?!" faces at me for the ride home. :D
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2009,4/2/2010,975,124,14,16,15>This fishmonger has been in business for 60+ years but luckily the fish is fresher! The two grilled lobster tails plus grilled salmon combo for $16 is a deal straight out of Vegas -- including the requisite instant rice and rubber vegetables. They offer a variety of seafood grilled or fried: Ahi Tuna, Catfish, Prawns, Salmon, Scallops, Snapper, Squid, Trout and Tilapia. Your order is cooked right in front of your eyes. Most items are under $10 and come with fries or rice. On Mondays, there is a fish'n'chips special for $7.They also offer clam chowder, which like every other seafood restaurant, they claim is award-winning. It can be served in a sourdough bread bowl, if you like that touristy affectation.The place itself has a weather-worn, blue collar ambiance reminiscent of the East Coast.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2009,4/1/2010,388,717,28,33,28>You need to get our server Angie. She took the whole experience of Alexanders to a whole new level. I had so much fun last night! Alexanders was hopping last night. It does help I think with the Silicon Valley Eats and having a prefix menu for $35. On to the food. Tuna Tartar- This was excellent and was very good. It had a little of everything, something crunchy with a wonderful sea water foam and it was just delish. I think I like this more than the Hamachi shots. Truffle Fries - Oh these rock. I didn't want to order fries but someone else did but I could not resist not eating them. They are fries after all with truffle. The dipping sauce it came with was okay but I liked them just straight up. Popcorn Crab - This was alright to me. Some pieces was over cooked but it was good and the dipping sauce made it better. Then again I am not a huge crab fan. Hamachi shots - They are famous for these shots. It was much better than the 5A5 shots I had. Very yummy. You are not suppose to eat it with a fork but I did. Flank Steak - It was cooked perfectly and the chimichurri sauce was very good. Then again I am not a huge meat person. Dayboat scallops- These scallops was perfectly cooked and went well with the heirloom tomatoes. They were soft and sweet. Uni Fried Rice - This was not bad but I am not use to Uni being slightly cooked.  Kinda had a little different texture, but it went well with the rice.  I would order this dish again. Apple of my eye - A very good apple crisp. Not overly sweet and went well with the ice cream. Paradise - Panna Cotta was excellent. I love the pear sorbet it came with, it taste like you were actually eating a pear. Chocoholic - Flourless chocolate cake was really good. It taste more like a creamy ganache candy than a cake. Love the malt ice cream it came with. Honestly you can't go wrong with the food at Alexanders. Now on to the fun part. I got to make my very own Cotton Candy. Yes the kid inside of me came out. We also got a tour of the kitchen too, which was really cool. The cotton candy machine was huge and the flavor was Sizzling Lemon. First time ever using a cotton candy machine but I did very well according to Angie. My cotton candy was huge! It was big as Marge Simpson's hair and was tipping. I was very proud of my creation and thanks to the guidance of Angie I might have a new career as a cotton candy maker. Thank you so much Angie for taking care of us and making our dining experience a wonderful one. I hope to be back soon.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,11/11/2009,155,211,11,14,16>Expensive food does taste good.I came here to celebrate my 21st birthday with my family.I called a week in advance and reservations were not hard to make.The atmosphere is really nice and the food was definitely good.Some memorables:The hamachi shots were very delicious and so was the popcorn crab.They served this itty bitty serving of foie gras to everyone which was cool, but i discovered that I do not like foie gras haha.I had the prime rib, and boy was it huge! Usually, I'm not really drawn to huge meaty looking meat, but this was very flavorful and tender. Left overs would taste great in a sandwich.My sister's filet mignon was very good too and pretty as well.I'd have to say the mac&cheese here is the best I've ever had! Mmmm.The cocktails and desserts were also really tasty, but nothing extraordinary that you can't find somewhere else.The service was good as expected, but my only complaint is that it took really long for the food to come out. I suppose quality takes time, but it really was a lot of time. For the five of us, dinner came out to almost $500 for one salad, two appetizers, five steaks, three sides, two cocktails and a couple sodas, and two desserts. It's a nice and classy (and expensive!) place to eat, but don't expect to be out soon (my family was there for 3 hours!). Overall, this is an impressive place to take someone out to, but maybe not too often... unless that's how you roll haha.One more thing! They serve cotton candy to all tables at the end of the meal, but our server let my siblings and me spin our own. I sound like I'm 10, but it was cool ok? :)
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,11/10/2009,994,993,20,26,23>Last week, La Novia and I came here for "date night." She was a bit stunned that I picked Moroccan for dinner, but since I had never been inside a Moroccan restaurant (but tried the food in another life) and she had never tried Moroccan food at all, I thought it would be a fun little adventure for us. We were not disappointed.We arrived at this little restaurant around 5:30 P.M. and there was no one inside. We were greeted warmly by the one host/server/owner with a neat accent.He asked us if we had ever been to Morocco's and we both said no. He said we picked a good day since it was wine tasting day. For $15, you could try 5 different 3-ounce servings of wines and a cheese & nuts appetizer. La Novia looked at me, unsure of what to say, so I took charge and said:"Line them up, sir. It's date night."He put down a 2 white wines and 3 reds. He promptly brought out a plate with an assortment of cheese and nuts. Each wine was served as he gave a description of each wine, how it should taste, and what region of the world it came from. So now the host/server/owner was our own personal wine sommelier. Cool.From there, he brought out the menus, which were easy to read and had wine pairing suggestions. He went into great detail about certain items. There wasn't a whole lot of menu items, which is always a good sign. He answered any questions and made recommendations based on our tastes. He said the lentil salad was a big hit with customers. I have tried that type of salad in the past, so I ordered it. La Novia opted for a spicy cucumber salad. Unfortunately, the lentil salad was such a hit, the kitchen informed him that they were out of it. I then opted for the shrimp pil-pil appetizer, which he recommended based on my tastes. He then informed the kitchen of the order, and boom, flames were set off and wonderful aromas filled the air. It was good to know the host/owner/server/wine sommelier was not going to be the chef tonight. Anyway, by now La Novia and I are a bit tipsy on the wine. She did not care for the reds too much, but that just meant more for me.The host/server/owner/wine sommelier came back with the spicy cucumber salad and my shrimp pil-pil appetizer. The salad was presented in a sushi-like manner. It was a full sliced cucumber with a spicy dressing on top. La Novia loved it and so did I (since one so far she was not complaining about the food and seemed pretty happy with my "adventurous" choice).The shrimp pil-pil was not as spicy as the salad, even though our one-man show server said it would be, but it did have some kick and it was delicious. So delicious, La Novia wanted to try it. Unfortunately, she has an allergy to shellfish. The only way she can try certain seafood is with a glass of white wine and maybe a Claritin or two after, depending if the shellfish was fresh or not.Well, with that said, I ordered another $15 wine tasting. So here comes another 5 glasses. This time I asked for only whites. They too were from all around the world. I was pretty tipsy by then, but I remember loving the Moroccan wine. La Lovia preferred the Portuguese one. But I do remember both of us loving the wine from New Zealand. After several sips of wine from around the world, La Novia tried the shrimp pil-pil and liked it a lot. I just hoped she wouldn't break out in hives mid main course (and she never did or need a Clartin later since it was fresh shrimp).Speaking of main courses, this where the real fun started. La Novia ordered a grilled fish that was freakin' amazing. Seriously, it was some of the best fish I have ever had (and I love fish). Wow. It smelled like heaven and the taste was amazing too.I ordered the Lamb Tagine (this is where they marinate and trap the flavor in the meat over the course of several hours) and it was wonderful. The meat was so tender and it fell off the bone. La Novia, who does not eat red meat, tried a small piece and said:"It does not taste like lamb at all."Well, when lamb does not taste like lamb, that is usually a good sign. It means it is fresh and the meat has been marinated properly. I was very pleased with my dish as it was really Moroccan and it added to my experience. But I must admit, her grilled fish was definitely the highlight of the evening. So after 2 different $15 wine tastings, cheese & nuts, spicy cucumber salad, shrimp pil-pil, grilled fish, and lamb tagine we were definitely stuffed (all for under $100). But we didn't feel heavy or as if we were going to suffer from food coma. But we knew dessert would make us hate life at Camera 12 (as we watched "Up"). So we promised the host/server/owner/wine sommelier that we would visit him in the future for dinner again and dessert. He said they have belly dancing nights and other wine tastings on certain days. He asked us to call in advance to know what the event of the night would be.I shook his hand and promised to return......Maybe as early as next week.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2009,11/9/2009,198,447,13,14,14>Sunday after church and visiting my father-in-law my husband, sister-in-law, her boyfriend, kids & I decided to eat at To Bang since Tutti's was closed.We arrive a little after 12pm. The restaurant is not busy when we first arrive but after it started to fill up. We were greeted, seated, handed our menus and water. My husband asks if there is a kid's menu and the waitress informs us that there isn't but we can order off the lunch menu for the kids. SCORE!My husband orders the gal bi meal for the kids which came with col slaw and rice. For the adults he ordered the gal bi, pork belly, chicken, soy bean soup and kim chi soup. We got some fish as service when the side dishes came out. None of the side dishes stood out for me but the food did. The meat was nicely marinated and cooked. I love lettuce wraps. The jalapenos added a nice kick to my lettuce wraps. Food and service was great. There was only 1 waitress working and she handled her business taking care of everyone.  She did it all with a smile. Price is reasonable. We will definitely be coming back again.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,11/8/2009,615,556,11,16,14>Looking for a great breakfast downtown? Cafe Pomegranate is your best bet.I wanted to take my little brother out to breakfast before his class at SJSU and being that this little spot is right across the street (yet he'd still never been there), we stopped in around 9AM.After being greeted by a really friendly woman behind the counter, we perused the small breakfast menu on the chalkboard in front of us. He got a bacon and cheese omelet (comes with country potatoes and toast) and I got the waffle with syrup. Our respective hot chocolate and white mocha came out first and were both delicious! My white mocha kicked 5buck$ ass! Then the food came. Portions were refreshingly normal and after snagging a couple of my brother's potatoes, I came to the quick conclusion that these are the BEST breakfast potatoes ever! I'd go back just for a plate of those things. My waffle was fine, not bad, made fresh to order. They also offer bagel sandwiches made fresh and various other omelet options. The lady who helped us said lots of people don't realize they're open for breakfast at 7:30AM, so I'm happy to make this known. Both meals, including handmade drinks, were less than $8 each. It was a great way to start the day.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,11/7/2009,975,124,14,22,16>This restaurant is the Costco of Vietnamese nom-nom. You get incredible value as long as you are willing to buy monster portions. Their famous Dac Biet ("combo with everything") plate easily serves three! And it remains an outstanding value even with the recent price increase from $10 to $12.The enormous and very tasty Dac Biet plate includes grilled meat, grilled shrimp, baked shrimp paste on a sugarcane shard, shrimp quiche, flaky egg pie, pickled shredded pork skin, and salad. All of this is served on a bed of broken rice, a unique treat amongst rice connoisseurs. It has long been a special secret that broken rice is not only cheaper but also has better flavor and texture that come from easier release of starch in the broken grain.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,11/6/2009,214,246,15,14,15>After a day of power shopping and no lunch I was starving.  Fast food wasn't going to do it.  I decided to finally check out Reyhan.  It''s been on my "to try" list for months now.  I had one failed attempt to find this place under my belt and that was WITH GPS!  I punched the address into my GPS AGAIN and was off.  I found it this time. If you're not looking for it you'll completely miss it. I wedged my car onto the lot.  There weren't any parking spaces open and the road doesn't get a ton of traffic so I took the chance. It's a small place. The woman that took my order was on the phone and chatting with someone at one of the tables.  I knew what I was getting before I got there.  I ordered a koobideh and chicken kabab combo meal.  She went to the back and came back with the ticket. For being so out of the way and small the food is a bit on the pricey side.  I waited for my food.  A few people came in, they all seemed like regulars.When my order was ready I grabbed the bag and rushed home. The meal came with flat bread, a wedge of onion, some dried spices and some herbs (mint I think).  The chicken was well cooked, not dry but not particularly remarkable.  I've had better joojeh kabab. Then I tasted the koobideh...... O.....M.....G.... it was sooooo good.  The meat almost melts in your mouth, it was well seasoned with just enough fattiness to make your eyes roll back in your head.  Next time the koobideh all the way for me.  The rice was great too.  Now you're probably saying, "rice is just rice" and you would be WRONG.  The juices from the meat were soaked up in the rice along with the saffron sprinkled on top, it was fluffy and buttery at the same time.  You get like two cups or rice with the meal. I was way over my carbohydrate limit for the day but oh so happy and full when I was done.  There was enough food for two but somehow I managed to polish off the whole thing, bread and onion wedge included.  I won't wait 5 years to have kabab again.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,11/5/2009,1066,578,7,9,9>Ooh, I liked this place a lot. The food was great... I got the vegetarian lunch special for about $9 that included veggie tempura, a LOT of salad with great citrusy dressing, rice, and miso soup. The BF got a chicken teriyaki bento. The food came out pretty quickly, even though the place was packed. Service was great and they refilled our water a lot. I've heard good things about Sushi Maru and I wasn't disappointed. The sushi bar was interesting. I can't say that I've ever seen Ho-Ho-looking packaged desserts on the bar. Also, while we sat there, I saw the guy cutting open a sealed bag of fish... Is sushi fish usually out of packaging like that? Eh. It was still good.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2009,11/4/2009,637,316,12,15,11>*This review is for the bar/nightclub and not for the bistro. This is overall a great place to experience SJ nightlife without spending too much or travelling away from downtown San Jose. --POSITIVE-- + Free admission + Close to other clubs in case you need to hop around + 2 bars, one upstairs, one downstairs + 2 DJ's, one inside and one outside on the patio + The DJ's are good + Sometimes 3rd parties will give out free shot samples or t-shirts + Somewhat air conditioned + They still sell food during nightlife hours + Dress code is very casual (guys can wear nice t-shirts) + Patio servers are friendly --NEGATIVE-- - Mixed drinks are $12-15 dollars, Shots are $11-13 - Bathrooms are usually really crowded, even for guys - Dancefloor gets packed as it's not too large --FOR GIRLS ONLY-- G Guy/girl ratio leans towards more guys (BOO, MAN JOSE, CA!) G Bartenders are mostly male and attend to girls more (will sometimes give out free drinks to girls) --NEUTRAL/FACTS/TIPS-- = You need 2 forms of ID to get in (don't forget this) = Crowd is mixed demographic, mid to late 20's = Bouncers very quick to identify drunk people and boot them = For really fast drink service, go to the bar downstairs. Nobody is there since the DJ's are both upstairs. You'll save yourself a good 10 to 15 minutes of waiting. = Upstairs bathrooms usually have shorter wait times, downstairs only fits 1 person (unisex) at a time Although drinks are a bit pricey, the admission is free and it's an overall good time. If any of your friends suggests Sabor, Abyss, or Temple, opt for the Loft instead!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/31/2009,11/3/2009,393,333,14,14,14>This place was DEECE, twas good for lunch.We ate lots of meats...Went in on a hunch.It looks kinda sketch, ghetto, and dirty.But it tasted alright, and for two cost 10 less than thirty.The sauces were good, but the broth was quite plain.If you waste extra meat, they might charge you an extra $3...lame.Hot pot count now: I've had 3 different kinds...This one is good, but keep this in mind...Its less expensive but all you can eat.So the quality goes down in the broth and the meat.They have a sauce bar, and the one they mixed was quite nice.I myself couldn't really pick the right combo of spice.It tastes good and at lunch it is a good deal,But at dinner I'd say look somewhere else for a meal.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,11/2/2009,339,173,22,25,20>Korean BBQ at its finest.  As I mentioned previously, I'm not a big fan of buffets, but I love me (long time) some Korean BBQ and this is my favorite Korean BBQ spot, hands down.  My friends and I have been coming here for years, as we used to go here at least once a month to hang out and stuff our faces into stage 3 gluttony.  The lunch prices are pretty good but for dinner it does get a little pricey.  Regardless of when you come, it is oh so worth it.  It is after all, all you can eat delicious meat marinated to perfection.   And let me tell you its glorious meat galore! Their kalbi is the best around and always has me begging for more.  They also offer a variety of sides such as veggie greens and soup. They also have a few good to go items like chicken wings, sushi, fried rice, and noodles in case you can't wait for the meat to be cooked. :)One of the things that make this place stand apart from the rest is that this place uses charcoal BBQ.  There's something about (Mary) charcoal BBQ that adds smoky flavor and extra taste to the meat!The owners here have always been great and extremely nice. They are always very welcoming and they are willing to help you out if you are having any problems.  At the end of the meal, you will smell like a BBQ, so don't plan on going out clubbing or partying afterwards unless you bring a second set of clothes or everyone will know what you had for lunch/dinner. :)One of the big reasons why I am not a big fan of buffets is either it's all you can eat crap-o-la, or you need to eat two days worth of food to make you feel you got your money's worth.  This place falls under number two, as I always have to eat until I eat for four days worth and then I need to get wheeled out in a stretcher.  But that 5 pounds I just gained from eating here was so worth it. ;)Summary:  Feast like a king on delicious and mouth watering Korean BBQ cooked to your liking.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,10/30/2014,390,402,8,11,11>After hitting up KoJa at the Moveable Feast my buddy and I were still hungry, and I figured sliders would be the best option (although Chairman Bao, Small Fries, and a few other trucks were options as well, but I wanted burgers).Now the menu can be a bit confusing. They have a lot of pictures of what they make, but sadly half of those pictured are only available at special events, so you're forced to wait until you can see the written menu to figure out what they actually have.Went with an order of the Chili Bang Bang and the Korean Zombie special ordered as sliders.Chili Bang Bang: delicious cheeseburger sliders with a bacon chili on top. These were amazing and 5 stars alone. Make sure to grab a fork to scoop up the delicious chili runoff. My friend was lucky, because after eating mine I should have snagged the second.Don't get the Korean Zombie. Not worth it. The meat was cold, but even warm would have been meh. Just bulgogi and kimchee on a slider and it didn't really work. Also we may have been stuffed at this point, but the CBB made the KZ unworthy.Do get the tots.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,10/29/2014,434,190,8,12,10>I've been here a few times and each time it has been excellent!  Not sure why others give it less than 4 stars but anyways...   For an appetizer I've had their caesar salad before and it was pretty good, but this last time I ordered their soup of the day, a mushroom bisque. I've had many mushroom bisques before but I thought theirs was excellent!  I basically drank the soup it was so good. Only thing that could've made it better is if it was a lobster bisque lol.  I even used bread to wipe the inside of the bowl clean. =)   For my entree I usually order the 16 oz rib eye every time. And this last time was no exception. They have always gotten my steak done just right, perfect medium rare. I don't know how other people have gotten their steaks done wrong, I guess it might be coincidence?  Also, I think their 16oz is actually bigger than 16 because I can usually finish a 16 no problem. However I always end up taking home 1/3 of it because I can't finish. No problem, lunch or dinner for the next day! For my sides we got the asparagus, mac and cheese and creamed spinach. I like the way they season their asparagus, it's not plain like other steak joints, it actually has good flavor.  And they aren't humongous stalks either, they are small, normal sized. As for the mac and cheese here it is ridiculously good! I usually don't care for mac n cheese cuz it's so fattening but it's so good here I can't stop eating it. They must use a lot of cream and of course cheese because the flavor is spot on, although most people will say it is too rich and too fatty.  That's partially true, cuz if you take leftovers home you'll see why it tastes so good, try heating it up and you will see how much oil comes out of it lol.  The creamed spinach here is also excellent and I would order it every time with my steak. For dessert I ordered what everyone else recommends, the kona coffee creme brulee. I have to agree it is one of the better ones around the south bay. The consistency is there and the top layer is nice and crispy.  The kona coffee flavor is not too sweet and it's nice and creamy, but it is not the best I've ever had. It is better than average however.Overall, I really enjoy Forbes Mill, so much that I think it's my favorite steakhouse in the south bay, even more than Alexander's. Alexander's does have Wagyu however but everything else, apps, sides, desserts, service, prices, and wait time is better at Forbes.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,10/28/2014,339,216,13,15,14>Forget boba, shaved ice, and che (Yeah, I said it!)....this is my new favorite dessert/treat! Mangonadas, where have you been all my life??I see these mangonadas all over Instagram, and I finally got to try it yesterday with some friends. I went in with tunnel vision: MANGONADA! But then the girl behind the counter asked: Don't you wanna sample any of the ice creams first? Dammit, why yes, that sounds like a delicious idea! So I tried 2: corn and soursop. WHAT.THE.EFF?! I'm so confused now...they're all so delicious! I only had room for one, so I decided to try the mangonada and save the ice cream for another visit.For $5 (cash only...ATM on site), you get a good size cup of mango sorbet, chamoy, mango bits, all topped off with a tamarind straw. (Just started salivating again. Seriously contemplating how I can step away from work and go get one right now. X_X No joke. #fatgirlproblems) They are also very friendly and accommodating. You can add strawberry or pineapple chunks...or try a pineapple version of the mangonada completely! There's a tiny little parking lot with about a handful of parking spots. But there's also plenty of street parking. Be prepared to wait in line though, especially during the summer, because mangonadas and ice cream are the best cures for a hot day!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,10/27/2014,852,120,6,16,12>I'm pretty serious when it comes to boba. And when I hear there's a place I've never been to, I HAVE to try it. Even better if it's brand spankin' new, like this place right here! Open only 4 days ago!Boba Bar has taken over what was once Hydration Coffee & Tea, but the look and environment remains relatively the same. The quality of drinks at Boba Bar, however, exceeded all expectations.The Jasmine Milk Tea was the right level of sweetness without even asking for less sugar. You can taste the tea as well, meaning it was the right level of milkiness as well. As for the boba, it was both chewy and flavorful. Pretty much everything you could ask for in a good boba milk tea.My friend ordered an Iced Black Tea half sugar thinking the regular sugar level would be a super sweet mess like most places, but it almost needed some more sugar because it was really strong. Love it.South Bay has been getting a lot of good boba places as of late, and I can already see this place a top contender in this competitive drink space. Can't wait to be back to try more drinks and their food!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,10/26/2014,88,96,6,13,9>Don't bother with this place on game day. Find some time to stop by during the week to truly appreciate the amazingness of this gargantuan store. Everything a 49er fan could want, completely organized and easy to navigate. My previous game day experience was pretty stressful in this madhouse. I stopped in today quickly on my lunch break to grab a gift and it was like night and day comparing the two visits. All of the employees were extremely friendly and helpful. Everyone was in a good mood with big smiles. Far cry from most people you run into in a retail setting.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,10/25/2014,100,508,5,12,9>If you, like me, have maybe not been to the doctor as regularly as you should due to the sheer grinding inconvenience of it all, this could turn out the be The Place.This is a family practice with an annual fee, and what you appear to be buying with your credit card number is time and flexibility.  An appointment tomorrow morning?  No problem - you can see the availability of any doctor online when you register.  Hardly anyone in the waiting room?  Of course not - your appointment will start on time.  Questions?  All taken care of by e-mail.Dr. Fell was professional, welcoming and easy to talk to.  Plus he had done his homework on my slightly out-of-the-ordinary issue.  Getting blood drawn for labwork was a simple, no-appointment-needed visit ( do check the lab hours, though ) at my leisure, with no real wait after I walked in the door and let them know what I was there for.The overall effect: I felt like a valued customer rather than a potential liability.  Everyone I dealt with here has been friendly and accommodating.  The facilities are modern, clean and welcoming.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,10/24/2014,490,412,14,19,15>Yes, I'm a snob.  I won't let avocado, mayonnaise, cream cheese, or anything that does not sound remotely Japanese touch my sushi.  And don't even get me started with those rolls that sound too cute or describes your favorite sports team or the city you live in.  I'm talking about you, 49er roll and Mountain View roll.Hachi Ju Hachi is not cheap.  But it's good....no, it's borderline great.  Just like a beautiful lady who doesn't need much makeup, this is simple elegance.  Don't spoil the natural taste by loading your food up with wasabi or soy sauce.If I want something like the aforementioned rolls, the only way I'll go is if that simple elegant lady takes me...but I'll have Hachi Ju Hachi on my mind.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,10/23/2014,121,60,9,15,11>One of my go to places in San Pedro Market. Love the Portabello Tacos, there are always amazing. I like that they have expanded their menu lately and have tried the mahi mahi taco recently which was very good. The fried cod is one of their most popular per their sign but I wasnt all that impressed when I tried it. Their chips and salsa is good and there is just the right level of heat. Skip the rice and beans though and get another taco! They have little flavor and are really just filler.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,10/22/2014,195,267,10,13,14>This is a super cool, new park in my neighborhood that I wish they had built when I was younger! I've lived in Sunnyvale all my life, and they just decide to build this awesome new park now, really... The Pirate ship playground looks pretty cool, small water park/spray area, basketball court, tennis court, a field, a few picnic tables, restrooms, and barbeque area. They also have picnic sites that are non-reservable and available on a first come, first serve basis! They also have this cool wavy grassy area (Dr. Seus-like!) that was awesome! I'd have to agree w/the other reviewers about the parking which totally sucks! Although, my cousins found a "secret" parking area that we were able to park at without being noticed easily or run into any problems receiving parking tickets. *SECRET*!! I don't even have any kids, but I still enjoyed coming here for a Family Gathering. Great addition to my neighborhood. Sunnyvale rocks!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/21/2014,777,314,13,19,16>A gym located on campus that employees can join for $20/month?  Hmmm...I need to check this out.  Most companies that has onsite gym membership are free.Ok once inside I see why they need to charge.  This place is less than a year old and is stocked full of state-of-the-art equipment.  There are plenty of cardio equipment here with NO wait and all are in perfect working order.  What really turned me onto this place is the fact that they were all sparking new with no signs of nastiness on them unlike the equipment at Super Sport.Like SS, this gym also provides towels, but these towels actually are plush and don't reek of chlorine.  The towels at SS are so bad I am afraid of wiping my face with them.  These are Downy soft!Onto the locker room.  What a difference.  It has nice laminate flooring and each locker is full length and lock is provided.  The showers has nice frosted glass and stocked with shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.  The sinks has hairdryer and mouthwash so you can have fresh breath for those morning meetings.  Urinals don't have huge ponds under them like at all the other gyms.There are multiple bottles of water for you to dispense into your own water bottle so no nasty drinking fountain water.  There's also an aerobics room so you can laugh at your coworkers sporting sweatbands and leg warmers.  JK...I think it's for Zumba.The best part of this gym is the fact that I don't have to circle for 15 minutes in the parking lot!  There is ample parking even during work hours!  $20 doesn't seem like a bad deal at all anymore.  With all these perks, i'm down to join once my SS membership expires.  Oh--this place is operational 24hrs also!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2007,6/3/2007,0,0,6,4,7>Okay.  I walked out of here with an adorable print tank, and my wallet was $21 lighter.I was a little pissed though.  I don't usually even spend over $20 on anything, but this thing made my titties look like they were made of silicone, which of course, make people wonder "Real or fake?" which of course, make people look.  Which means, all in all, its a good tank top.At the same time, it exposes my nice shoulders, always a plus.  And, wow... hey... covers that pierogy gut with the flowing little babydoll thing going on.What a great top.My only problem?  It took me a nice hour of going through the store looking for a dozen other things until I even stumbled upon the shirt.  I attempted to look at shoes, which was virtually impossible.  Why can't they have their shoes set up like any other normal store?  No.  Its a pigsty.  And I can't even begin to figure out their color coding system.I checked out some accessories and makeup and I couldn't tell if anything was even marked down, but I figured if I couldn't clearly tell, I didn't really need it anyway.Then came the fun part - trying to look at the clearance rack.  Of course, I had to deal with every braindead other shopper.  Women who leave actual shopping carts in between racks - what the hell, woman are you on a brain vacation?Move. your. cart.I had four different women walk directly into me as if I was not even there going through clothes on the rack.  Amazing how clearance items entrance women.Either way, I got my boobie shirt and made my way out after trying on several items that, despite showing the correct size, did not fit me right.  Bastards.Ah well...  I remember this place being much better.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2007,6/2/2007,1241,362,2,9,6>Dio Deka, pronounced more like Thio Theka (my Greek friend was impressed that their answering machine message used the correct Greek pronunciation; in Greek, delta is more like thelta, not to be confused with the(e)ta), means 2-10, a reference to its address in the Hotel Los Gatos, a Joie de Vivre property (I've had the pleasure of meeting Joie de Vivre owner Chip Conley and his bf once before). One of the many niceties of this divinely decadent, dark, and beautiful space is the complementary valet parking available upon arrival. Founded in Nov 2006 by five ex-Evvia staffers, chef Salvatore Calisi and investor Stratton Sclavos, who is president and CEO of VeriSign in Mountain View and a co-owner of the San Jose Sharks, Dio Deka presents you with the aroma of rosemary and mesquite-grilled meats upon your entrance, as well as wine racks lit by thin blue light and a beautiful bar space that seats 26, 14 at the bar, and 12 at tables. The place was packed Saturday night as I, my friend, and his Greek bf arrived for our 8:15PM reservation. And reservations are very recommended, unless you want to get stuck waiting for a seat in the bar area. It wasn't until about 8:45PM that we were seated, the place was so busy with diners lingering at their tables. You'll soon find out why they're lingering too. One of the managing partners, Julian Abbott, came over to apologize for the wait, and upon discovering that my friend's bf is Greek and conversing with him in Greek, offered us free drinks. My Greek friend ordered another French martini, and I ordered a glass of the Hatziyiannis assyrtiko wine, $8, a white wine from Santorini, part of the Aegean Islands, from 2005. It's "a blend of Assyrtiko, Athiri, and Aidani, native varieties of the island, aromas of honey, flowers, and a chalky minerality, full on the palate with an almost oily texture, finish is long and dry." Comparable to a stony Sancerre. I quite liked it. We were led over to a table in front of the open kitchen, from where I could see the fireplace (you'll need a large party if you want to sit near the fireplace, as the closest table is a large circular one). The dining room is pretty loud, but you'll get used to it as you get distracted by the wonderful food. Always bring a Greek friend to a Greek restaurant, because soon enough we received free appetizers, courtesy of Julian! First the spanakotiropita (spanaki = spinach, tiri=cheese, pita = pie), almond wood-flavored, oven-baked crispy phyllo pastries, filled with baby spinach, scallions, leeks and Greek sheep and goat milk cheeses. They were great, and my Greek friend agreed. Next, the keftethakia, herb-skewered succulent tiny lamb meatballs with zesty Kefalotiri cheese (a cheese typical of the Greek islands, it takes its name from the Greek hat called a "kefalo" whose shape it resembles, milder than Parmesan but saltier) and Kalamansi yogurt, with sprigs of rosemary sticking out of them, $2 each, arrived. They too were great. Then came the dolmathakias, Metaxa-braised (a strong, sharp-tasting, aromatic Greek brandy, invented by Spyros Metaxa in 1888) beef short ribs, slow-cooked creamy rice, wrapped in grape leaves and finished with a truffle-scented wild mushroom citrus foam, $3 each. Very good. And then came the silogy, a combo plate of orektika, containing 1) tzatziki, creamy yogurt and cucumber spread with dill and garlic, 2) ktipiti, Epirus (an ancient area on the Ionian Sea that flourished as a kingdom in the 3rd century BC; located in northwestern Greece and southern Albania) whipped feta with fire roasted red chiles (our favorite, the chiles providing a nice kick), 3) melintzanosalata, puree of mesquite-grilled eggplant, green onion, and aged sherry-vinegar, with a slice of fried eggplant sticking out of it, and 4) taramas, island of Lefkada (a Greek island in the Ionian Sea, connected to the mainland by a long causeway and floating bridge, as well as the island's capital city) mullet roe (karasumi in Japanese) with chunks of tender Maine lobster spread. We dipped our pita bread and regular bread into these, and one should be careful not to fill up on the bread with these dips if you decide to order the silogy. Next it was time for our entrees, which we would be paying for. I had the lavraki, mesquite-grilled, whole Mediterranean Branzino (also known as spigola, this fish is known as sea bass in North America), sage-infused olive oil, Swiss chard, and thyme-crusted lemon potatoes, $33. Portions are large at Dio Deka, so I just barely finished this yummy dish, after all the free appetizers and bread and dips. The fish had a nice delicate flavor, and I loved the chard and the potatoes. My Greek friend had the paithakia, mesquite-grilled, premium rib-cut, grass fed lamb chops, with traditional seasonings, lemon-oregano crusted potatoes and spinach. Three large chops come with the dish, which my Greek friend loved. Dessert was free and huge, the millfee, $12. Great meal, with $52 worth of free food!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2007,6/1/2007,19,127,5,5,2>One of my all-time favorite dim sum joints and definitely my favorite in South Bay.  Stay tuned for important JLP tips ... trust me, you'll thank me later ...I love this place because of the variety - they tend to have more types of dishes than other dim sum restaurants in the area.  It makes me crazy to go to a restaurant and only see sui mai and bao.  Don't get me wrong, I like those too but you need more!  I think we counted 20+ different dishes before we saw repeats the last time we were here.Alright ... you've been patient.  Here are my tips:1) Avoid this place on big weekends - Mother's Day, Father's Day, New Year's, etc.  If you intend to come on one of these days, have a big breakfast, bring a book and a folding chair, then get in line.2) On normal weekends, arrive no later than 10:15AM or wait in line.3) Do NOT pester the lady at the front desk to see how much longer you have to wait - I've seen people "accidentally" slip down in the list that way.Special section for the dim sum "virgins":My rules for newbies at dim sum are1) If you're not sure what it is, ask.2) If they can't explain what it is to you, don't get it.3) If it looks like chicken feet, it probably is. :)
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2007,5/31/2007,622,443,5,5,5>We went for a late dinner (after 9pm) date on a Saturday night. On a whim, we decided to go to brave the crowds at Santana Row, and of course hadn't eaten dinner yet...we'd both been busy earlier in the evening with various endeavors (playing catch & puffing out the cheeks) before we met up.  So, we started wandering, & I didn't have any particular cravings (it was one of those "what do you feel like?"  "I don't know, what do you feel like?" evenings), so as we walked past Conseulo, checked out the wait time (30 minutes), decided it was too long, crossed the street, & the wait time we were given was 15 minutes here.  So, we waited, for I think less than 15 minutes.  Not too long, anyway, but we were busy gabbing, so I didn't really keep track of the time.  There was another couple waiting, & it turned out they'd used the name "Tiger Woods," which I think they might have initially forgot because when the hostess called out "Woods" no one responded.  Then, she called "Tiger Woods," then they got up--it was kinda funny.  Complimentary plate of sliced foccacia bread with pesto dipping sauce:  Oops, forgot that this existed, otherwise, we might not have ordered the bruschetta, because all together, that's just a lot of bread.  It was good though.Bruschetta:  Yum!  I love tomatoes, basil, garlic, & olive oil.  OK, so I don't mind at all that we ordered it.Ravioli di magro:  ricotta with spinach ravioli, which I got w/ pomodoro (red) sauce instead of gorgonzola sauce. Good, & I think I managed to finish it.  Tortellini alla panna:  braised beef & pork tortellini with prosciutto, sage, & cream--I sampled a little bit, & it was also good.He had a glass of wine.  I had to go without EtOH, as I was on my tether this weekend.  I didn't particularly care for the taste of the tap water here (kind of weird, I don't remember the other places around here having water that tasted like this), so in the future, I think I'll be ordering bottled water.  There's seating indoors & out.  We opted for indoors, since it was kind of chilly outside.  Of course our table was by the door to the patio, so we still got a draft.  It's a very family friendly place...most of the other tables around us had kids. What are all these kids doing up so late...isn't it past their bedtime?  In fact, I almost got groped by a little boy who wandered from the table behind me...how's that for getting some action at the restaurant?Our server was friendly.  The food's reasonably priced, very filling (I was too full for dessert), & reliable (this was my first visit to this location, but I've been to another).  Located on the far south end of Santana Row.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2007,5/30/2007,632,224,28,24,19>SEXISMMEATThere.  Those are my tags.  If that doesn't interest you, move on.  K-Twiggy and I met up for dinner on a weeknight.  Where should we go?  Cafeoohlalatrendy?  Chezpretty'npink?  Nah...  Meat.  Soju.  Tent.  That's how we roll.  So Ilbunjee #1 isn't actually a tent, though they call themselves a pojangmacha.  What it IS, in fact, is a hole in the wall.  A nice sort of dump, shall we say.  It's like a drug lord office d/b/a copy services shop that got ransacked by the [insert name of corrupt city here] PD and this jolly 'ol Korean owner marched right up, threw up a few hand-written poster paper menus, folding chairs, cardboard tables and portable gas grills and decided to make a business of it like it ain't no thang.  I can almost hear my mom's scolding voice, "A lady doesn't eat like a dog!"  Well, momma hasn't seen lifestyles of the rich and famous puppy food like the stuff at Babies in Hayes, but that's another review.  Actually, even my cousins IN Seoul won't touch the tent businesses for fear of contracting hepatitis.  While I can't speak to the disease factor of Ilbunjee, I can say this:  the tender beef and pork combo is BLISS.  The combos come with odeng guk (fishcake soup) as "service", and the banchans are average.  Based on meat alone, it'd be 5 stars, but I have a bone to pick with the ajumah hostess/server.  K-T and I were the only female clientele and everyone orders the same thing:  beef.  So I notice as we're waiting for our order, this ajumah is going around to all the ajushi/business mens tables grilling their meat, and I'm thinking to myself, "sweet, full-service!"  Moments later, our tray of pork bellies and dungshim arrive and this ajumah turns right around and sits her flat korean booty behind the cashier and proceeds to read a magazine.  Hello...Yoboseyo?  I'm a woman!  I have rights!Did she treat us differently because we're women, and since she's a woman, she's thinking, "Psh, if I have to grill, they gonna grill.  Handle it!"  Who knows, perhaps she was tired, but I thought the whole thing was awfully rude and presumptuous.  You know what really kills me though?  I still left a 15% tip.  Sigh.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2007,5/27/2007,413,298,8,5,7>Want some good phast phood? Try the pho at Lee Noodle House! ::Groans::Ok, enough cheesy jokes. Seriously, though, Lee Noodle House was wonderful. Not sure why everyone else doesn't seem to like Lee that much, but I thought the Pho was fantastic. Insanely flavorful broth... we both had the Pho Tai (the smaller size is more than sufficient) and shared the delicious fried bread to dip in it (argh, can't remember what it's called).Luckily this spot is conveniently located right off Tully Rd., less than a mile from my boyfriend's parents, so I'll be making many return trips. Personally, I thought Lee was far better than Pho Hoa. And CARROWS? I hope people are joking...  Oh well, more pho for me!PS-we love to call this place "Pho King" since it's on King Street - say that 3x fast :)
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2007,5/26/2007,159,279,5,8,12>The bamboo thatched walls against shades of tan and the tiny lights embedded in the ceiling on slow pulse combined with the breeze from the open door presents the lunchgoers with a milieu evocative of dining underneath a Malaysian sky.  The savory dishes such as the mango chicken, pineapple fried rice, penang prawns secure this restaurant among the top places for take-out for my work lunch group.  Also, if you dine-in here... they have the Singaporean Tiger beer which is a rare (rare in the US) pale lager alternative to the more popular Singha Thai beer.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2007,5/25/2007,340,262,2,8,7>"The best upscale restaurant in the area! 5 stars!"I could say that, but that would be a huge disservice -- the truth is that there aren't really upscale restaurants in the area. The Left Bank, however, is definitely the nicest looking restaurant in the area, the only French restaurant in the area, and a perfect choice for taking out clients if you work nearby.Today's weather was absolutely gorgeous, so my coworker and I escaped the office and headed down here for lunch. Even seated inside, The Left Bank's super-comfy leather booths, huge windows and tall ceilings calmed us and made us forget that today is not yet Friday.This afternoon, I went for a Croque Madame -- impressively not as greasy or salty as one might expect. The prices are reasonable -- under $10 for sandwiches or salads, under $20 for full entrees. They're known for their seafood, and this week is an oyster special -- half a dozen fresh local oysters for $6.50, a total steal. For the price and the location, the food is excellent.I've been here many times for dinner banquets. The seafood has always been good, as well as the drinks. I highly recommend the place if you're throwing a party for ~50-120 people. The service has always been nothing but friendly. Even this afternoon for two, the hostess sat us at a booth which had a nice sunny view, which normally sat four or five, just to give us better seats -- definitely something you would not see in most franchises where the staff typically would not go the extra mile.The Left Bank is clean, it's well lit, throw in a few bottles of wine and shrimp cocktails, and you entirely forget that the restaurant sits in the middle of a seemingly never-ending sprawl of office parks, Starbucks, and obscenely overpriced condos... Maybe it's the weather, maybe it's the service, but I always seem to leave The Left Bank with a sense of calm, and that's a sign of a good restaurant in my book.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2006,5/24/2007,463,792,3,6,5>i have eaten here hundreds of times and it's consistent, i'll say that. the food is great, the service friendly and the tables turn over fairly quickly so even if there's a wait, it's not too bad.great granola, smoothies, vegetable saute and of course, tremendous coffee cake. stuff here is either actually healthy or loaded with sugar but seemingly heatlthy. you can't go wrong.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2007,5/23/2007,22,38,19,1,9>The Pluto Newbie's Lament:to behold a vast array of made-to-orderye of little faith! for the food is merry and cheapwith my a la carte dinner for 8.27i hand the gentleman 10.02henceforth bringing to my pauper's handsthree whole quarters for the laundry machine that beckons!but why, oh why, good sirdid you bestow upon me seven dimes and a nickelnone of which fit in the coin sloti review thee, fair pluto: tasty yet callous.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,4/1/2011,994,993,58,48,44>I just started a diet, so I find my stomach talking to me all the time. This is a recap of my most recent conversation, which occurred while I was driving to class. Please note that I was not high when I had this conversation.Stomach: Feed me.Archie G: No.Stomach: Feed me!Archie G: No. I am on a diet. But you already knew that.Stomach me: Feed me, Seymour! Oops. I mean Archie.Archie G: No really. I am on a diet. I need to trim down. I am tired of being fat.Stomach: Please. Go buy a McRib and some fries. Doesn't that sound delicious?Archie G: No. Because while you want to be fed that garbage all the time, you are terrible at digesting food like that. I still have a McRib in me from when I was nine that has not fully digested. It sits next to that Transformer I ate when I was three.Stomach: Come on. Can we settle on a milkshake? You won't gain any weight. You will piss it right out.Archie G: And I'll be on the toilet for two hours. I think my surroundings on Yelp are rubbing off on me. I am lactose intolerant and can't process alcohol anymore either. Next thing you know I will have trouble changing lanes on the freeway.At this point, I am driving by "Philly's Cheesesteaks & Wings" and my stomach starts up again.Stomach: Oh. Go try that place. Please layer me with a coat of grease.Archie G: That would be terrible for my diet.Stomach: You know you want to. If skip the salad dinner and eat there, you won't be hungry before you go to bed and feel like a poor kid with crackhead parents.Archie G: No. I really need to stick to this. It's important to me.Stomach: La Novia loves you like this. She thinks you're weird looking when you are thin. She was totally not feeling you in your high school photos, when you looked like an extra from "Schindler's List."Archie G: Don't you go there!Stomach: C'mon. Just eat half of what you order. It won't be that bad. Plus, you can run it all off later.With that kind of logic, my stomach pimp slaps my brain and takes over my body. Out of nowhere, I lose control of the steering wheel and I make a quick turn to the right and find myself in front of the restaurant. Once inside, I am greeted by someone who is really friendly and helpful. He quickly explains the simple menu and various unlisted options that are not listed. My stomach begins to tune him out and tells me what to order.Stomach: Order me a 10-inch mushroom cheesesteak with provolone cheese. And since it's also a wing shop, order me 20 hot wings of various flavors. And of course, you better grab a large Coke with some fries.Archie G (with my hand over my stomach and fighting to gain control): I'll have the 7-inch mushroom cheesesteak with provolone cheese. Please make that a meal with a diet Coke and fries. And also, I wanted to try your wings. I'd like ten wings, where five are "habanero" and the other five are "lemon pepper."The guy at the counter looks at me confused as to why I am ordering so much food, but he repeats my order and asks me to sit down. There is a really large flat screen HDTV inside the joint. While I waited, I was able to watch the LA Lakers verses the Miami MoHeatos. Stomach: You'll never be thin and ripped like them. You're metabolism is too slow, fat boy.Archie G: Shut up!I punch myself in the stomach and the guy behind the counter looks at me even more confused. Stomach: You hit like a girl. Here's the plan to make you stronger. You need to eat more, lift weights, and gain some muscle, man. Oh, that's right. You're only good at the first part of the plan, fatty.Archie G: That's it. I am going to eat everything. I will eat so much, you will be in pain. Do you remember that one time at the buffet where I ate for 2 hours...Stomach: No. That freakin' hurt! I wasn't right for a week.Eventually, the food arrives piping hot. The fries were good and were enhanced by a couple packets of black pepper. It makes curious to try the other more complex sides available here. As for the main course, I may have only ordered the 7-inch cheesesteak, but it was large enough to feed two people for less than $7. So of course, being the pig that I am, I devoured almost the whole thing. It was mediocre tasting with salty meat and soggy bread, but the bell peppers and cheese helped it out. I would rate the cheesesteak at 2.5 stars. The wings were the best part of the meal. There were cooked to perfection. The lemon pepper was mild, but delicious. And the habanero flavor packed enough kick for my tongue. I would rank the wings around 4.5 stars. All in all, the food was good enough to shut up my stupid stomach for the rest of the night. It's relatively inexpensive and it has great value. I ordered enough for 2 to 4 people and it was under $20. If this place ever gets a basic liquor license, it could be a good place to grab some wings, a beer, catch a game, and wonder why your diet isn't working.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,3/31/2011,262,162,8,12,11>Everytime I leave here I always say next time I'll be sure to get the pizza, but everytime I come the BBQ tri tip sandwich compels me to go to town on a nice toasty French roll with sliced tri tip slathered in extra BBQ sauce, that I dip my freshly fried onion rings in, topped with lettuce and tomatoes...I've also sampled the Philly Cheesteak which is also uber yummy!There's happy hour on Wednesday evenings that takes about $1-2 off each appetizer, and apparently they have a BBQ that goes on that night as well.I also got  a Widmer hefeweisen for $5 and you keep the glass. But I forgot it on the counter. Hey High Five, can I still get it?4.5 stars, holding off that last half till I have the pizza :)
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,3/30/2011,386,452,10,14,12>Delicious sandwiches and perfect to bring with you if you're going somewhere.I had an opportunity to try the tri tip and the pulled pork sandwich and I must say the tri tip was my absolute favorite. Meat was extremely flavorful and the sandwich was just perfect. Seriously if you try to eat the whole thing in one sitting you may be too full to move. One sandwich I think would be plenty for one and it could probably be split for 2 meals depending on how much you eat. Next time, I want to try the tri tip with avocado!Pick a couple of these up, bring some drinks and have a picnic- it'd be a great way to enjoy the sunshine. We did, and it was a fun way to spend a lunch hour.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,3/29/2011,404,263,9,5,6>A VERY NAUGHTY co-worker brought a HUGE SAMPLER BOX - complete with a picture map in order to navigate the contents inside - to work this morning. The first thing I thought when I saw them was "Voodoo Doughnuts" in Portland, OR, only with demented "Nurses" who fill your order and without the 90-minute plus wait line outside. Not wanting to appear anti-social (or is that anti-donut?) I quickly cut myself half (who am I kidding) of the "cereal killer" because Cap'n Crunch w/crunchberries holds a very special place in my childhood heart. It was surprisingly good! I NAIVELY thought that that would be the end of it. But NO, about 3 hours later, the S'mores donut called my name from around the corner; I could smell its sugary goodness from my cubicle down the hall, so I had half of that one also. It wasn't as good as the first one but the ooey-gooey marshmallow fluff did remind me of a s'more, sans the burnt outsides.I probably won't be a regular customer but if SOMEONE brings them to work once in a while, I won't complain, plus being so close to campus is sheer genius!Welcome to the hood Psycho Donuts!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,3/28/2011,599,803,8,13,11>The fastest and easiest volunteering service I have ever done.  I signed up through Hands on Bay Area and was excited to help put food baskets together for the HIV/AIDS affected community of Santa Clara. Found easy parking on the street, rolled up to the location, saw that there were sandwiches/wraps and waters to partake in and then we are off to a start! We formed a well assembly line where literally one person puts one item into a crate and then it gets boxed up.My only "problem" is that it went by so fast! We only had to put 50 baskets together and it took us less than an hour to do. I wish that we were able to put more together but it was nice to get out early on a  Friday evening. I will definitely go back and volunteer here. Its a great organization and people are so nice.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,3/27/2011,289,187,15,15,15>This review is ONLY for the sake bombs haha, not very helpful I know but I have to express my happiness for this place especially since Harumi's brings me and my friends so much joy every Thursday.I believe their special $2 sake bombs are all day Wednesday and Thursday! We go Thursday night and we have to make reservations because the place gets CROWDED and its small.The waiters and waitresses there are very friendly and helpful. They even join you for an occasional sake bomb. Great and cheap place to get a little or a lot drunk with your friends =).  This place definitely guarantees a good time (they have a megaphone haha)!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,3/26/2011,564,356,13,14,13>Well I'm just going to go ahead and say it.... This places rocks me like a hurricane (such a white trash cliche).... "MLA" (Mean Looking Asian) made reservations and I couldn't wait to eat here - I was literally counting down the hours the day of. I feel we were lucky enough to be seated in the center of the restaurant where you can sit on the floor and fully enjoy the experience.Ended up starting off with cold sake and a pitcher of beer and began to try to conquer the menu. We chose the kimchee, kaisou salad (w/ seaweed), eggplant w/ chicken karage, sole and of the course, their ever sensational mentai kinoko pizza (roe, bacon.... some other wonderfully fatty deliciousness).The eggplant dish was amazing, sole was fresh, kimchee..... is kimchee but still tasty. MLA didn't like the salad - felt the seaweed conflicted with the flavors of the salad.Last but not least, the star of the show, our pizza! They brought it out, set it down, put it in front of my face, took a bite and..... ooops... I had to squeeze my legs as I quivered with every bite.... did food just make me c......... Why yes! This pizza.... oh this pizza.... Okay enough!Must.Come.Back.Soon.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,3/24/2011,88,220,14,18,13>No more waiting for hours at Boiling Crab for us.   We came here for a weekend lunch after golfing in the cold.   It wasn't even half crowded so we were seated right away.We ordered a lb of the crawfish, king crab legs and fried oysters.  We asked for medium spicy for the crawfish.Noticed around and most everyone was eating shrimp.  We like shrimp, but we are at a crawfish place, we have to have them...but then we eat the tail, suck out the head, the whole experience!Ok, so the crawfish was boiled in a sauce with lots of garlic.  And the medium spicy is really HOT, several times I had to put my mouth in the ice water to cool it down.  The crawfish and sauce were awesome.The king crab legs are steamed, which I liked better than in a bag of sauce, less mess.  They were hot and great with the drawn butter (with more garlic) they provided.The fried oysters were served hot and they were incredible, nice and juicy.The service was fantastic, always coming by and refilling our water.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,3/23/2011,426,165,11,13,11>Hands down the best Hu Tieu in San Jose. People come here for one reason and that reason is their special Hu Tieu #1 with the soup on the side. This meal comes with many different types of meat and your typical vegetables on the side. You can add from a variety of peppers, lemons, and vegetables to your liking. The soup on the side comes with beef knuckle which is made to perfection. The beef knuckle is tender and juicy, but make sure you come during the day because they do tend to run out of beef knuckle by night time.  The service isn't all that great but what can you really expect, it's a Vietnamese restaurant after all. Parking is horrible. I always find myself driving back and forth looking for a spot to park my car.  BE WARNED! People in that parking lot drive crazy! Don't expect much from the cleanliness of this restaurant. It's a messy restaurant but remember one thing, The food is amazing!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,3/22/2011,451,735,7,8,8>I have 2 weeks until Hawaii. I have 2 weeks to melt 7 or so pounds. I have faith that Power Yoga once a day will do the trick. I stopped running up nasty hills and wasting time on a treadmill after discovering power yoga. This is it for me!Here's to staring my Spring/Summer 2010, RIGHT. PS...you can get an amazing wax by Caroline for what ever sunny beach trips you have coming up. ;)
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,1/10/2014,508,419,5,12,6>Note that Nicks on Main does not exist anymore and that it's been consolidated all into Nick's Next Door. The service and food is still as good as ever! and definitely lives up to the hype. I love that Nick, the head chef, comes around to all the tables personally to greet them and while cracking a few jokes. The restaurant setting is intimate and on the darker side and there's also outdoor patio seating. I had the ribeye because of everyone's raving reviews. The portions were definitely generous as the huge steak was also complemented with bone marrow, pork belly, pomme frites, and cauliflower. It was also seasoned and cooked perfectly to a medium rare. My only gripe about that is that the dish is pretty heavy and I wish it was balanced out with some more greens. Being able to stomach all of that is pretty impossible and I ended up taking more than half the steak home. This would be a good dish to share with someone along with an appetizer+salad. I definitely want to come back to try their other menu items such as their steak tartare, duck confit, and banana walnut bread pudding. They also have a lunch menu that's available 6 days a week with lighter options.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/9/2014,386,452,9,13,7>Really digging this new place!Came here with the bff's parents recently and had dinner. Sadly they didn't have the pork belly due to an pork belly shortage from their supplier but we got a chance to try something else.Appetizer: Smoked pork bratwurst (delish), only one comes with the app so a little on the smaller side but the onions/sauerkraut served with it was great.Entrees:- Original weinerschnitzel- Made with veal, I loved the crispiness of this dish. Apparently they use new oil to fry every order and it was just done so nicely- Pork schnitzel with mushroom cream sauce- this was my dish and really tasty- Krout Rouladen- The dish with the pork/beef wrapped in cabbage (can't remember what it was called)- very tasty as well!- Hungarian Beef Goulash- For me, this was my least fave of the four but probably just because it felt heavier and also had sour cream which I'm not a fan ofDesserts: - Schoko Kuchen: My fave- chocolate cake with a warm center with ice cream- Scheiterhaufen- The bread pudding like dessert- just ok for me Overall service was so on point, from the host to the waiter, everyone was fantastic. Can't wait to go back! Especially when they have pork belly!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,1/8/2014,131,63,10,13,11>Okay, so after having about 40 check ins I still stand by my last review! I stopped ordering the milk teas because I love trying out new things , I tried the peach sangria which was very refreshing ( a buff tattooed Asian guy did my drink ) and I've also learned to love the red velvet frap. Love it, I drank it like 3 days in a row. Diane the worker recommended it to me. The red velvet frap doesn't exactly taste like red velvet. But it tastes like a moist mocha cake. It's a pretty good drink after you keep drinking it. So if you want something refreshing try the sangria drinks and if you want something sweet and comforting, red velvet is the way to go! Also their place is well kept and great customer service.After all my visits,  I love you even more sweet corner!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,1/7/2014,189,96,16,21,11>I've dabbled in quite a few yoga disciplines over the years.  Bikram, Hatha, Vinyasa...to be honest, my only distinctions are usually "Is the room 100 degrees?" and "Did I get a good workout?"  Usually the answer is "Yes" or "No but it still smelled like the inside of an elite ultrarunner's performance undies after a 100 mile run through the Sahara"  and "Meh....I think I'll go push cars up and down the alley."Bottom line:  I never understood the big fuss around yoga because I rarely emerged from class with a balanced body or mind.  Cindy's has opened my eyes to a whole new world of awesome.  It's a small, unassuming studio tucked in a nondescript strip mall.   The instructors are fantastic and genuine.   The classes leave me refreshed and my brain quiet.PARKING:  Never been an issue for me.  The lot can get crowded but if you have to walk an extra 20 feet, consider that some bonus meditation time.PRICING:  On par with yoga studio pricing - packages are the best deal.  Their intro deal is fantastic.  It's a great way to see if the studio's offerings and vibe are a good fit.CLASS OFFERINGS:  For being a smaller studio, Cindy's has an impressive breadth of classes.  While most of the classes are higher intensity, there are a few gentle yoga classes.  Surprisingly, these won over my little "no pain no gain" heart.  The instructors provide modification instructions and those have finally taken me to the pixie high of feeling balanced and aligned after a class.  Even coming home to learn that Cody had explosively Clydesdale pooped everywhere couldn't mar my quiet mind.VIBE:  One thing that's kept me from returning to most yoga studios is the vibe.  Holier than thou classmates whose stares deem your downward dog dreadful and over the top hippie dippie instructors telling you to feel Mother Earth insert her energy into your karmic orifices.  Cindy's has none of that.  People glance around to make sure their posture is correct but it never comes off as judgmental.  Sometimes you'll smile at each other and giggle before toppling over.  Students frequently speak up to ask instructors for clarifications or modifications (which instructors are already great about giving - modifications can mean the difference between learning to love yoga and giving up because you can't put your leg over your head).  GOOD TO KNOW:  *The studios have fully padded floors.  You'll only need a thin mat to practice.*Great selection of props to use in modifications.*You don't need to be a yoga god to practice here.  Check the class descriptions - even if you're a beginner,  you'll be fine in all but the "advanced, inversions and head stands" classes.*Most of the classes are heated.  If you've never done heated yoga, take a towel for your mat, a towel to wipe off your face/arms/everything and a water bottle with ice.  It'll melt quickly.  If you're prone to hot flashes or you're highly irritable, you might want to start with a non-heated class.  *Get there early.  Classes fill up quickly.  That's the only gripe I have - packed classes feel a little awkward when you're hoping your butt isn't in your neighbors face.  Stagger your mat positioning to eliminate the whole butt-in-the-face scenario.*DON'T. EAT. BEFOREHAND.  An hour beforehand is the general rule.  The postures open up and massage your muscles and organs.  Butt-in-the-face fears are amplified twenty fold if you're also feeling gassy.*The studio doesn't have that funk that so often lingers in every heated studio in between classes.  But, your classmates will sweat and most people don't smell like panda kisses once their shirts get soaked.  My sense of smell is a cross between a beagle and woman pregnant with triplets.  It's a gift and a curse.  While the aromas wafting from some neighbors have been less than delightful, after about 5 minutes, I'm too focused on the movements for each posture to care.Go get your breath in, breath out on!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,1/6/2014,99,284,14,8,6>The Good: Free PoolThe Bad: If there is more than one person at that bar- prepare to waitThe UGLY: Your face after I beat you at poolWho would have known that my talents resided in a couple of balls and a stick? Pool stick that is. Literally new found love. We troll here often due to the fact that this place is rarely busy, they have good beer on tap, and the pool table is free. However, Every. Single. Drink. I have had has been awful. Stick to the things your know, or beer- don't be adventurous at this bar.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/5/2014,155,197,5,8,7>~~~~~~This review is for Happy Hour only~~~~~~~~~One dollar oyster during happy hour.... SOLD.  Came here with a friend to try their happy hour menu.  Got here at about 5:30pm and the place wasn't that pack.  Got seated right away.  After reading some reviews on Yelp, we decided to order fresh oysters, sushi tacos, rose roll, and Hamachi spoons.  Oysters were $1 each and the rest were $5.Oysters - Very fresh!  We started out ordering a dozen to try out first.  Then ordered another dozen.  Yums!  Came with 3 different sauces....cocktail, horseradish, and I didn't know what the last one was.  1 dozen for me ... I'm a happy camper!Sushi Tacos - Came in a set of 3.  The shell was very crunch (which was good).  3 different tacos as well... Seared Tuna with wasabi mayo, Seared Salmon with sriracha mayo, and California with wasabi mayo.  My favorite was the Seared Salmon one.  I am not a big fan of wasabi mayo.  Next time I will ask for just the Seared Salmon and the Seared Tuna both with the sriracha mayo sauce.  Rose roll - it was okay.  Its a california roll with spicy tuna on top.  The spicy tuna isn't even spicy.  This is one item we can do without.Hamachi Spoons - I can say this is a bit on the saltier side.  Pretty similar to the hamachi shots from Alexander's Steak House.  If it was a little less salty, I would of like it better.Overall, the happy hour here was good.  Good prices for the food as well, especially the dollar oysters!Will definately come back here for happy hour when I am craving for fresh oysters!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,1/4/2014,521,325,6,12,7>I've had Le Bon de Cuisine bookmarked since their foodtruck days. (I use to be a huge fan of food trucks until everyone tried to jump on the band wagon.) I was ecstatic I've learned that they opened a restaurant. And I'm glad that it lived up to the hype and the four stars that is on Yelp (and even more so to me!) The first time, I met up my girlfriend Lori (who ended up getting lost and was a little late). While I was waiting for her, I was admiring the modern decor and macarons! What really intrigued me about le Bon was the French and Vietnamese fusion. I'm a Vietnamese girl who loves all things parisian, hence the reason why I took French in high school. J'adore Paris. You get the idea. The idea of both excited me. And I love the fact that le Bon was everything I expected and so much more. FOOD Now let's get to the good stuff.Buddha Bun - YUM! I use to ask my mom to make "empty" buns for me when she would make her pork buns. They weren't necessarily empty but I enjoyed the taste of the bread without the pork. The buns with PORK BELLY - delicious. The second best thing to roast duck and buns. Truffle Fries - Thin, crispy fries are my favorite. Truffle + parmesan cheese. YES PLEASE!Fat Charles - Boyfriend said it was interesting with a lot of different flavors. I didn't get to try it but I trust him completely. Garlic Noodles - This one is the SIGNATURE dish right here. Is it even possible to have 3 of my favs in one dish? Here, it is! Garlic, Pork Belly, and Bacon!! YUM. Le Bon's garlic noodle is the best that I've had in the Bay Area. I've been on the hunt for garlic noodles since I've had Yardhouse, Strait's, Crustecean, and from the An the Go food truck. It was delicious from the first scent to first bite. I was at a loss of words because everything just tasted so good together! FAVORITE right here!Strawberry Mint Leomnade - another must! It's unique. Try it!Macarons - they're from a local baker and have truly unique flavors. Where else will you find a Birthday Cake, Cookies N Cream, and Snickers macaron? Only here! SERVICEThey really do go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and make sure you enjoyed your food here. The owner goes around to make sure everyone's enjoying their bite and small chit chat. It's always the little things that people can do that stand out the most. When I was waiting for Lori, they offered me a cup of water while I waited. That was super nice. After we ordered, they even brought out the food to us when it's typically order, pay, then pick up. Again, they didn't have to! EXPERIENCEThe experience that I had on my first and second time was exceptional. Lori loved her food as well. The second time, I took my girlfriend Lonnie. She got the French Burger and finished it entirely (there was only one other time where she finished a full burger). It's been a while where I had a great experience at a restaurant from beginning to end. The employees there are super friendly and very knowledgeable. We received complimentary macarons the first time and beer the second! First time was for being first timers and second time was for the Sharks game! WOOHOO! :) Both were fantastic. I'm not much of a beer girl so I forgot the name, both both are strong and both were good! I love this place so much and will take all my friends and family here to share the experience. Good portions, good prices, good place!The owner has a new menu in store and he's reinventing the old food truck for a good cause. I'm excited for both! Until next time, I'll be a petite fille avec un grand appétit. A bientôt!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,1/3/2014,269,780,7,8,6>So I was a bit hungry after the movies and asked my guy if he can take me somewhere to eat.  He said the only good authentic place he knows I'd love is this place but it's far from my house.  If anyone that knows me I don't mind a drive as long as it's damn good food.  Besides, he was driving not me.  He took me here and ordered me a super al pastor burrito with everything.  I think he was also testing me to see if I would finish it but of course I did.  I may be half his size but I can eat.  It's a tiny hole in the wall place and very basic taqueria but the burrito itself was one of the best I had in SJ.  I added the salsa for spiciness but flavor wise it wasn't needed.  Meats are so tender and flavorful and every single bite was awesome.  I did notice they had some beers here but we opted for sodas instead.  Funny thing I think I was kind of out of place being the only Asian in a very Mexican place but that's when you know it's good right?
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,1/2/2014,245,261,11,16,13>Rolled up in the joint with about 10 people after a Meetup hike, no reservations. Recipie for disaster? Yeah, sometimes, but not at West End! Our wait was entirely reasonable, and they were able to stick three tables together with no difficulty.As you can see from my photo, I enjoyed the beer sampler, which was well labeled and a steal at $6. I actually preferred the amber ale to the stout, contrary to my usual inclinations. And most of it was brewed there.My dish was the pork sandwich, which comes with apple, greens, onion, and honey mustard on french bread. I felt that at $9 with a side of mixed greens, this was a better deal than the burger at $10.50 with fries, but I did get to taste some fries that a friend got and they were nice and crispy.I didn't get to "interview" my compatriots about their food, but people definitely seemed satisfied. At the end, I got a bit nervous when almost no one had cash, but although I felt bad asking, they had no problem splitting the checks!Decor is also nice, like the trendiest warehouse you've ever seen, including some interesting seating configurations. If I was in town again, especially with a large group or looking for beer, I would return!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,1/1/2014,182,592,6,9,4>I came here with my boyfriend for dinner on Monday night (around 730pm) and we didnt have to wait to get a table. Most tables in the restaurant seem to be for 2 people (decent date restaurant yo!) so I'd expect a much longer wait if you have a large group.We ordered the house special broth and the spicy kimchi. Really enjoyed the house special. Somehow, having "soy milk" as the ingredient gave me this false perception that the soup was really healthy so I kept drinking it. Erh, probably wasnt as healthy after all the pork and beef oil. Lol. The spicy kimchi soup was slightly disappointing though... it wasnt spicy enough, but I guess it was our fault for not ordering the super spicy. I'd probably order house special + some other broth next time.Surf and turf (large) - For the surf and turf platter, you choose between a meat and a seafood. We picked the wagyu beef and the scallops (too lazy to be peeling shrimps). Wagyu was SOOOO GOOOD. Since this was a half and half, there was definitely less meat than on a regular entree order. Kurobuta pork (regular) - Decent portion, (i wish they served as much beef as they did pork), pork was not too oily and came with a strip of fat which was just enough to make it tasty without it being overly sinful like the pork belly. But I preferred the beef over this.Both entrees come with assorted vegetables and white/ brown rice. The plate of vegetables is huge. I do wish they gave more mushrooms :/ I love love loved the sesame dip. It went so well with everything.This place feels very similar to the Taiwanese style "shua shua guo". I read many reviews/ tips saying that a jumbo entree is enough for 2 people to share. The downside is that you only get one type of broth for every entree you order (I think). So unless I get to do different broths, I'd probably still order more entrees so I can sample everything. One Pot is in the same complex as Yogurtland, which is awesome because if you're not stuffed after your meal, you can always walk over and get some froyo. Chances are, you'll probably be too full by the end of the meal!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,7/21/2014,209,88,1,18,7>After reading all the yelp reviews I was convinced to come here and I'm glad I did! Esther is extremely knowledgeable about the digital perm which made me not nervous at all even though I was making a drastic change! The process was about 2-3 hours long for my long hair because there are so many steps. Esther had me show her pictures from yelp of what I wanted and she discussed if it was possible for my hair type. She was really honest and told me which one would be best for me and which would last longest. Her mom cut my hair to Tae off some of the weight so the curls would show more and be bouncier. I was extremely happy with the result! I have natural looking loose waves and Esther showed me different ways to style it! My experience was great and I highly suggest anyone who wants a change to their hair to get this done! I will update pictures in a few months and see how well the curls hold up but Esther said it's usually around 4 months or more. Things to note:-Call ahead of time. Their weekends are booked for weeks but I called on a weekday and got an appointment the next day!-$210 for my hair since I bought the curl enhancer bottle too but from the other reviews it sounds like just the digiperm was around $150-My hair type: dyed from black to chocolate brown, normal hair (though I do have a lot of it), usually holds curling iron curls without productIf you're in doubt, try it out!!---you won't be disappointed :)
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,7/20/2014,134,20,12,25,18>I just love Yelp because it helps me find little gems like Thai Square. This place is seriously amazing!! This is my go to spot to satisfy my Thai food craving.   I've been here 3-4 times already and am definitely a fan! All the friends that I've taken here (including my friend from Thailand who was visiting the states) love love this place as well :) The ambiance of the restaurant is well maintained and the decor is modern and chic. The dishes and table settings are pleasing to the eye. I've liked everything I've tried here which is at least half the menu already.But my two favorite dishes are: Larb Ped - This is a roasted duck minced salad. This is a must order for me. Most restaurants serve pork or chicken but this duck larb was amazing! I love the fresh salad, vegetables, and all the different herbs. A key ingredient in this dish is the fresh mint, which I find married beautifully with the duck.Pad See Ew with pork - The dish comes out hot and the noodles were deliciously soft. Served with lots of meat and vegetables.  The noodles are always on point! The service is terrific, friendly and quick, and the food is sooo tasty! A solid good experience after each visit.  I highly recommend this place if you're after great Thai food!Thanks again Yelp for the great find!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,7/19/2014,78,114,12,22,12>I had to do something to over write the abundance of overly critical obnoxious posts on yelp. 3 stars for this place??? Are you serious.?? This is why they take so long, every tea is brewed by order..... You want tea brewed yesterday and put in your cup with sugar syrup just so you can save 5 mins and 50 cents? Well then you should go to that place and empty your place in line so I can get my freaking cup of tea then! I absolutely love this place! We ordered jasmine milk tea, green lychee tea and a carrot/OJ/apple concoction. All of them were delicious except I tried to order more Togo but it had waited too long and they had closed. At closing time there was still a packed house. Unfortunately all the other people stayed well past 11pm. Next time I'm just going to order one for there and one Togo!!! Worry not about the haters, this place is golden! Or be a hater and clear room so I can get my big cup of tea in peace! I love it!!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,7/18/2014,93,224,6,16,9>I've been watching the open sign on this place for the last month anticipating the opening of a beer garden so close to my house. Tonight finally I saw it gleaming it's awesome neon colors so I had to stop in. The official Grand Opening is this Thursday the 26th of June and I was told that there would be a big party with live music so come on up and check it out!   The place is on top of the mountain just a half mile from the summit with an awesome view of the Monterey bay and the mountainous hills down to the sea. Inside there is ample table seating, a diner style counter, and a nice bar with a decent selection of beers. I had a Firestone Easy Jack tonight (6$), yum! Outside is where its really cool, a giant area with lots of tables and the best view ever! There are two different water features that keep the ambiance tranquil although a live band and a bunch of beer drinkers are sure to change that! ;)   The soft opening menu had a nice selection of bar grub like a sausage platter, fish and chips, wings, you know, the staples. I had just eaten dinner so I didn't get to try the food but you can bet there is a review update coming up!   This place has real potential, I hope the beer garden concept will finally make this cursed location thrive. See you on Thursday!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,7/17/2014,492,201,11,19,16>I'm quite impressed with the influx of new establishments popping up in downtown San Jose. I love the classy & elegant vibe of Paper Plane, with its high ceilings and sleek bar  adorned with an entire wall of liquor bottles as the focus point. Aside from the stools lining the bar, there are a few nooks and crannies with communal seating for a bit more intimacy.Delicious, strong drinks and sensational chicken & waffles (my fav!!!) P.S. CREAM is right across the street, so don't forget to stop by after for a bit of drunken dessert :D
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,7/16/2014,1324,242,14,25,22>I have bought several pairs of designer sunglasses at this location and i couldn't be more thrilled with the exceptional customer service, especially from the store manager, Valerie Low. Their selection is vast, and the store has an airy modern ambiance. They suggested frames based on my face type and style preferences and once we were on the same page it was a quick process to try on all of the appropriate frames. I was in and out in a jiffy. I'm sure everyone in this busy Valley can appreciate this.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,7/15/2014,777,314,20,25,21>I found my new favorite shaved snow place.  Unlike the traditional hawaiian shaved ice, Sno-Zen shaves theirs a very unique way.  It looks like rows of green onion!We got to choose the limited quantity Green Tea base and added Azuki and real Lychee drizzled with sweetened condensed milk.  Our friends had the mango, the taro, and the coconut and I'm already anxious to come back to get my own cup of that.During their opening week, they are offering free drizzles (don't make that dirty).  Sno-Zen's shaved ice was so delicious and creamy you think you were eating yogurt.  The flavors are really quite delicious and unlike the traditional shaved ice where the syrup is concentrated on the bottom and gets sweeter as you eat.At $6.10 for a medium, it's not cheap but I'm sure you can find enough change at the bottom of your seats for this tasty treat.  Jigga jigga word!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,7/14/2014,149,104,10,22,13>I love me some burgers. And half-off burgers every Saturday? Count me in. I had never heard of this place until a friend recommended we go here for dinner and I'm so glad we did! We arrived around 5PM and there was definitely a crowd. We were a medium sized group--party of five--so we had to wait for open seating but it didn't take too long. After browsing the menu, I settled on the Hickory Burger (1/3 lb burger with bacon, grilled onions, bbq sauce, and pepper jack) but I definitely want to try the Guac burger next time. At St John's, there's a wide selection of burgers, cheesesteaks, salads, appetizers, and even vegetarian burger options so definitely something for everyone. The burgers here are simple--you won't find any ramen burgers on the menu--but they're packed with flavor! I enjoyed my meal. My friends and I also shared the garlic fries and onion rings and they were great appetizers. The portions were definitely generous so I'd recommending splitting! The environment here is very casual and relaxed. They have TVs so you can catch whatever game is currently playing. Overall, it's a solid burger joint and probably one of my favorites right up there with The Counter. There's a deal everyday so be sure to check their website for what it is. Enjoy :)!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/13/2014,339,830,7,13,7>Our friends Will and Brooke introduced us to this wine collective, and we are forever grateful. When we don't feel like making the drive to Napa, RRWC is a great alternative for wine tasting. Ruthe is so much fun to talk to. She makes the whole experience so much better. This is a great way to taste from wineries that don't have their own tasting room. One of our favorites is Big Dog that's in Milpitas! Who knew there was a winery on that hill? We wouldn't have known had it not been for Ruthe! This is why this place is so special. The wine club is affordable and flexible. I highly recommend joining because you'll find yourself here often to try the new wines.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/12/2014,879,323,10,19,12>This place has been here for ever; I remember coming here as a kid. In recent years my family has "rediscovered" Nha Trang, and it is now our go to Vietnamese restaurant.  Unlike most Vietnamese spots that specialize in one thing, Nha Trang does all their dishes well.  Good authentic Vietnamese food... similar to how Vung Tau was back when it was a hole in the wall!  Service is the typical Vietnamese hole in the wall, so expect waiters rushing around and not saying much to you. The ambiance is loud and full of Vietnamese families.  If you like nem nuong spring rolls (a la Brodard), you can order a plate to roll your own here.  Their fresh lobster is excellent, and you can pick the one you want from the tank.  Their goi ca (fish salad) is my Mom's favorite, and soupy noodle dishes are good too.  We've liked everything ordered here so far!TLDR: Our rediscovered go-to Vietnamese restaurant!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,2/18/2010,226,185,8,15,12>My family and I have been going to Dr. Dang for our eyeglasses/ contact lenses prescriptions for years and he's amazing to say the least.First of all, what other optometrist could manage to squeeze an appointment in with less than 24 hours notice?  Dr. Dang, that's who!  How he manages to do it?  He's quick and precise!  When I'm in there, I don't feel like he's trying to rush through my appointment at all because he's such a seasoned pro that he manages to get everything done in a timely manner all while choppin it up at the same time.  I've always been a little ehhh about making medical related appointments during my lunch break because you never know how long they're going to keep you waiting or how long your appointment is going to run.  This is a problem doesn't exist with Dr. Dang because he does such a great job keeping to his schedule that his patients never have to be kept waiting for long spans of time.  Just today I was in by 1:30pm, seen upon walking in, and out by 1:45pm.  In n out, baby!  Oh, and did I mention, his services are very affordable, and his small office is extremely clean and newly renovated? This complainer has nothing to complain about with Dr. Dang! If you're like me, always on the go, Dr. Dang is as reliable as reliable gets. Hands down he is our preferred optometrist of choice.  We chose him over the list of doctors covered by our insurance.  Also, you can kill many birds with one stone considering his office is located within Costco! Prescription, check! Jumbo hot dog and soda, check!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2009,2/17/2010,262,162,14,12,12>We were invited to go to Gamba's next door for a night of karaoke, but after a hard day of shopping a couple of girls have got to eat first!I was very excited to finally try this place, and we had a very hard time deciding that I asked the waiter what he recommends. The staff here are all friendly and helpful AND actually Japanese XDAs we walked in, I was taken back by the fact that everyone takes off their shoes and sits on the tatami mats. Super cute! It was pretty packed that night so we sat at the counter. Because we're "girls" and we like to "watch our figure" we ordered the small unagi meshi (eel over crispy rice) and an edamame (soy bean) appetizer to split. XDThe edamame was average, but was a big helping! It made me feel a little better about eating so late haha But the unagi meshi was DELISH! The waitress even mixed and prepared our servings when she brought it out! Nice touch! It's those little things that brings the customers back =DAll in all, it was a wonderful experience, and maybe I'll have my November bday here with some karaoke after! hmMm...
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2009,2/16/2010,214,246,7,8,6>Location is definitely key here.  Most people just walk back and forth between Cardiff and Chacho's, you know a few drinks then a couple tacos to soak it up.  The after party is built in.I made it over to Chacho's around 9.  I ordered a super fish taco and a regular carne asada taco.  I guess the computer system was down.  So getting my food ordered was a little challenging.  The carne asada taco was pretty dry borderline jerky in texture.  I liked my super fish taco.  The fish was moist, with all the fixings it had a nice flavor.  I wish I had ordered two.  A little messy but still good. Great location, decent food, a definite staple for a night in Campbell.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2009,2/15/2010,655,394,20,20,17>santa cruz may not have an ice rink, but they have this awesome roller rink!caution: building from the outside looks like an abandoned warehouse with a less than eye catching sign out front. but hey looks don't matter! and one must keep that in mind the entire duration of your stay here.walking in on a saturday night, there was birthday parties going on and mostly high school kids crowding around. it is a tiny tiny rink with limited seating. my boyfriend and i ended up sitting in the middle of the aisle to put our skates on.but yay! onto the dance floor we go. hooray for 15 minutes of non-stop britney spears! and spotty repatched areas on the rink floor. this place definitely has potential but they probably don't have the budget to replace the floor.$6.50 gets you retro looking 60's skates and $9 gets you bladesss. (you know, for those who are anti-hippie and prefer to tear the floor up...)thoughts of the night:-when you're an above average skater, and it's your boyfriends first time skating, you'll find yourself ditching him constantly.-amongst the dozens of kids and high schoolers, watch out for the middle aged dude who's been skating his whole life and watch him weave effortlessly in and out of falling youngsters (ie: my boyfriend)-no, rap music is NOT good skating music-ohshitiforgotcash. CASH ONLY! and NO ATM IN THE VICINITY.-i will forever be rocking my thigh high socks and rainbow suspenders on the rink floor. and nothing you y-generation kids say will change that. chyeah.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,2/14/2010,1070,862,21,29,30>Serene. Breathtaking. Romantical. Natural Bridges is one of my most favorite places to visit along the coast. Amenities include ample parking, clean picnic facilities, and decent bathrooms. Be sure to check out the tide pools, and Monarch Preserve. Details can be found here: parks.ca.gov/?page_id=541 I had a wonderful time walking along the beach hand in hand with someone special on New Year's Day. The delicate scent of the ocean wafted in a sultry breeze. It was intoxicating, like a sweet perfume. The amethyst and rose colored sky was absolutely breath taking. The beautiful scenery provided a perfect backdrop for a kiss at sunset.Dreams really do come true!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,2/13/2010,386,185,22,23,22>So, I'm a guy. Not yet a man of course, because I have yet to to fulfill 2 of the 10 pre-requisites that earns the badge; those 2 being: refurbishing a classic muscle car from the ground up; and parenting, responsibly. Heaven forbid I have a gang of girls, or even worse -- attractive girls. Gasp! In which case, we're moving as soon as possible to a "fly-over state" and they're getting home schooled. Unfortunately, that is probably going to be the hand that I'm dealt. Growing up with 4 step brothers, the universe usually finds a way to balance out such uneven loads. So as a guy -- hanging out with a group of guys -- leaving the 49ers Draft Party at the Santa Clara Convention center -- naturally -- we needed a local spot to kick our feet up. St. John's was the place. Large patio -- check. Hefeweizen on tap -- check. Complete menu of mix and match burgers and cheesesteaks -- check.Flat screen televisions for keeping up with the draft -- check.Easy access to the john -- check.Raiders fans to heckle and harass for passing up Crabtree -- check.I've been eating at St. John's for some time now. More often when I lived in Santa Clara. The burgers and sandwiches are always on point. Just make sure to substitute the french fries for the potato chips if you're coming in with an appetite; a lot of the times they won't offer.Fan, I am.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,2/12/2010,250,205,13,14,13>First thing I see,  Badri adding MORE slices of habanero peppers  and red chili was... wow, props buddy.My stomach was rocked from they previous day's unfortunate encounter with bad Chinese food, beer, whiskey and jaeger and I thought that it would be wise to pass on the spicy 'za.So the mind said no, the stomach said, "pain fades, chicks dig scars and oooh, pizza"The habanero hawaiian was peppery, not necessarily spicy.  Spicy foods to me are foods where the heat is the point, like buffalo wings, it is the flavor.  The use of peppers punctuated the flavors, and while I remember the slow warmth of the spice, and the tingling on my lips and cheeks, what was great was tasting the components that make that pizza.  The tangy rich sauce, crisp salted ham, and sweetness of the pineapple.It was nice, I was expecting some kind of test of manhood, fire in the soul, test of gastro-fortitude, and if I attempted to eat like Badri, that's exactly what it would have been, (I'd also be crying like a little girl)The one and only quasi critique would be the crust.  Better than many, it had more of a crunch than a crisp, and not as much of a chew.  Still better than most.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,2/11/2010,554,362,27,22,23>I always wished Xzibit would show up at my front door step to Pimp My Ride!  But, all I got were damn exterminators, girl scouts, and pizza delivery guys.  On the other hand, I DO like pizza......Anyway, I came to Jim looking to do some work done inside my truck.  What was supposed to be a quick, 5 or 6-day turn around, ended up to be a month-long job.  Damn, he installs crap slow, huh?!?!  Jerk!Not really.  Two things contributed to this long process, I'm anal (not like that, perv!) and so is Jim.  I can be a little bit of a perfectionist and Jim is the same way.  If something isn't done right...... well, it should be!  Some of the issues were APA's fault.  Some were just Jamie being obnoxious (Hey, cut me some slack!  I bought electronics, not a $.75 candy bar!)!  The bottom line is that Jim wanted to make sure it was done the right way and to MY liking.  Not his.  Not his crew's.  Not his uncle's.  Not his gardener's.  But, mine!  MINE!  Now that I got the selfish side of me covered......... Jim is very open about giving you suggestions, though.  Just ask.  He won't bite your head off (btw, you should ask to hear his impressions.  Ask to hear his Middle-Eastern and Korean accents and see if you can tell the difference).  He is not going to sell you crap you don't need.  If you are working within a budget, just let him know and he'll work with you.  He has a lot of experience and won't give you the runaround.  He also places a very high priority to good customer service.  At least, that's what he told me.  =)Anyway, let's stop talking about Jim.  His ego's big enough.As far as his crew is concerned, they are just as awesome.  Eric, unfortunately, has OCD, too.  He has to make everything look and sound P-E-R-F-E-C-T!  Al did a great job on the alarm and Brian hooked me up in almost everything else.  Although, one "person" in his crew didn't treat me well.  This individual licked me and smelled my private parts (Thank goodness it wasn't the other way around).  Thanks a lot, Jack!Well, after reading that garbage of a review, I'll just give you the gist.  All Pro Audio met my expectations.  At the time of my initial visit to APA, it had 5-stars.  During the last few months, it has fluctuated between 4 1/2 and 5 stars (Yelp filters sometimes filter out good reviews because they think it's spam).  Regardless, I have had a 5-star experience.  It wasn't perfect, but if you've ever been to a stereo shop before, you know most of them will sell you the product with the highest price and/or highest profit margin.  I NEVER got that impression with APA.  Pros*  Very competitive pricing (Do your homework, though.  A little research will help you get the best possible price).*  Will give you a rental car with work that lasts more than a day.*  Excellent customer service!*  Not pushy.*  Waiting room is clean with 2 TVs.*  Clean work.  Cons*  Jim is uber busy and can't answer calls right away.  You can try e-mail if you have any questions (allproaudioinc@yahoo.com).*  No functional showroom units.  If you want to see a radio in action, go somewhere else first.*  Work sometimes goes over estimated time.*  Jim's a Raider fan.  GO CHARGERS!!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2009,2/10/2010,1596,841,28,30,29>I love love love this place!It's common knowledge by now that Sushi On The Run is a tiny little hole in the wall that seats 7 (on the day that I was there). It's also notorious for its wait, so I made sure to arrive early for lunch and waited eagerly outside with other sushi-hungry patrons for the restaurant to open.They have a lunch special that's a good deal - you get California rolls and nigiri sushi for about 20 bucks. My lunch friend ordered the special, and I went for my usual pick of nigiri: Uni, hamachi, amaebi, and ikura. The good and bad part is that there is one sushi chef and he makes everything fresh for everyone. So it means that it takes a while to get to you, but it's awesome and fresh when it reaches your place. The chef prepares the rice, picks a slab of fish and slices, then packs it together. He plops the sushi on your plate as he makes it, so if other people ordered California rolls, you get those first and then wait for him to move onto the next thing.I came hungry and I waited, and waited, and waited for the sushi chef to plop a pair of nigiri on my plate. I sampled my friend's California roll, which is usually pretty generic, but they use real crab in their rolls and the rice is still warm. Nom.I eagerly devoured my nigiri as it appeared on my plate. Their deep fryer was not working for some reason, so they weren't able to fry my heads for my amaebi, which I was okay with, even though I love to eat head. Hehe. My fish was incredibly fresh, and it was a novel dining experience. I sat in the back with my friend, and it was nice to make everyone stand up and exit the restaurant so we could leave when we were finished with our meal. I'm not sure if it's really Sushi "on the run", it's more like Sushi "on the wait" but I'm more than willing to wait for their fresh cuts of fish that is actually sliced correctly, thank the heavens.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,2/8/2010,279,310,11,15,16>I ate dinner here on a Friday night, Sushi is always a safe choice of dinner fare when it comes to me. There were quite a bit of people there but there was no wait since there were tables open. It is a clean and nicely decorated restaurant nothing extravagant but it is nice. We ordered four different rolls and I can not recall which ones since I didn't verbally order them myself, as well as a tofu appetizer and of course I had to get some sake so I ordered a large hot sake. The service was great they were all attentive and nice, the food didn't take long to arrive and the timing was great. The soup  came first with the drinks and hot sake, then the appetizer followed by the sushi. Sometimes timing can really crowd the table but I think it was all well executed here. The soup was good pretty much on par with most other miso soups, the appetizer was tasty and not overpowering in flavor, it was a simple fried tofu dish in tempura sauce. All of the sushi tasted great and fresh, I was not disappointed whatsoever with the meal. On top of all that, since i was alone in drinking my hot sake it seemed like it was never ending shot after shot of sake had me buzzed before the end of dinner, but I was able to enjoy my meal. I will definitely come back again and will be recommending it to friends and family.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,5/22/2014,28,92,14,15,13>I am just a white girl so can't attest to authenticity -- only what my white girl palate likes. So there's that.What I can say about that this place is that they serve delicious Pho that I actually crave, especially when it's cold outside, or when I am feeling sick, like its comfort food. Which is funny, cuz like I said I am a white girl. I LOVE the broth used with the Pho 69 and meatball versions, definitely get a complex mix of spices, love the flavor of the star anise. And the ginormous amount of food always means I get two meals out of it when I choose to order it to go, which is pretty awesome for the price. Their pot stickers are yummy too, which is the only other thing I've gotten except the pho. Service is always good. I love to watch the guy who cooks make the food, he is crazy fast and organized, a well oiled machine!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,5/21/2014,383,475,15,21,12>I'm really glad this restaurant is within walking distance of my house. Because I usually need that walk home to catch some fresh air so get rid of my massive food coma. If you didn't catch on yet, this is a review for the AYCE element!Bang for buck, you can't go wrong...out the door, you're looking at $25-$30 a person. I like Kenzo because they don't have any separate menus for lunch/dinner. You can order whatever you want. Besides sushi rolls, they have a ton of side dishes and appetizers you can order as well.If you got a big appetite and can shovel down a ton of sushi, you'll love this place. To eat to my content, I gotta eat like 8 rolls so AYCE sushi is our choice. If I go to other restaurants, that's easily $100+ just for my gluttonous self haha!The only bad part of about this place is the hit or miss service. If you eat alot and visit frequently, they remember you...trust me I know ;) The wait time and parking also sucks. It's because it makes more sense for 5 high school kids to drive 5 separate cars to meet up here, rather then meet up before hand drive together right? Lolz..Typically most restaurants allow you to order 2-3 items per person but you can order as many times as you want. Kenzo does orders in ROUNDS...so you get a total of 5 orders with as many items per "round" as you want. I eaten here a ton of times and this is the formula I have come up with...(Take out your phone for a sushi selfie and #foodporn pic)Round 1 order will always come ALL TOGETHER (it makes for an epic #foodporn post)...So they'll bring out trays on trays of sushi rolls for you. Everybody was go in on it and kill off the first round in about 10 minutes. Then you get ready to order round 2...Round 2 will come parts at a time...I swear they do this so you eat slowly, because you began to digest your food and you begin to get full quickly. As you struggle to finish off the rolls, the waitress will constantly remind you that whatever you don't finish you'll have to pay for.If you do make it Round 3...order very lightly. They basically stagger your orders and bring stuff out little by little. If you get to round 4 & 5, you're pretty epic!CLIFFNOTES-Bring your appetite! (Great postworkout or refeed meal)-Order LIGHTLY in round 1! They think you won't eat alot and are more attentive to you-They don't play when they say they'll charge, so don't get too happy on the later rounds.-Wear basketball shorts or sweatpants#SituasianApproved!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,5/20/2014,739,212,14,20,17>You want good service with delicious sushi? Come here! You've already seen the other reviews. This place is legit in terms of decor, quality, and service. I recommend:- sashimi (they have plenty of options to choose from)- crunchy mango roll - baked musselsThe menu is really plentiful in fusion type mixes including Japanese and Korean delicacies. A definite must try for sushi enthusiasts in the bay area!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,5/19/2014,201,240,8,13,12>Would you concider the Mini Courmet a San Jose Landmark yet ?  This place brings back so many old family memories.  That when my brother happen to be at VMC visiting.  I though to myself this would be the perfect opportunity to try this place.  The Mini Gourmet is open 24 hours and seems to be packed at all hours of the night I believe it is due to the VMC and SJCC.  This little cute small resturant is full of character.  Their waiters are full of smiling faces great customer service and an over whelming willingness to serve the customer.  Order: I had the Cobb Salad, this was full egg, avacado, bacon, black olives, green onions on a beat of iceberg lettuce.  Crumbles of blue cheese.  I would say this just about his the spot.  Pancakes in the afternoon !  who does that ?? yup my brother .. he just loves them.  light, tasty and wanting more. Cheese Burger and fries to go !  I brought home to my honey a Giagantic burger that all I could hear while he was eating at home is How dam good it was.  This burger was on a french roll,  hamber made to order well done, and topped high with the usual items, lettuce tomatores and avacado to add to the awesomness ! I got pics of only my salad, everyone else munched down their food before I could even snap a photo ! lol As a rule I usually check out the pics on all my yelp resturants and this place has many items I have seen that I would like to try.   I will be back !
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/18/2014,20,19,14,18,17>***BIG TIP: Make a reservation before coming in, it makes it easier for the employees and you, although its a walk-in also.***This is my routine haircut location and I plan on staying with them for a while. I am a 16 year old boy and I get my haircuts for $14 (CASH ONLY)-- its pretty reasonable (not including tip). The place is very presentable, and it looks like your standard, privately owned haircut place. Something to note though: they are all Vietnamese and they have strong accents; it might be a little difficult to convey your message or tell them what you want. I, for one, am Vietnamese, so I don't have much trouble, but I could understand how it would be difficult for some others. Have patience and come prepared with a picture or an idea of what you want your hair to look like. But they are all so polite and efficient with their haircuts, and it seems like they genuinely care for you. I personally recommend Donna, she's nice and she knows what she's doing. I mean they all do, but Donna has been consistent with my hair cuts, adapting even when I change my hair style. This place has a reasonable price and great employees, so I will definitely be coming back in the future for more! (:
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/17/2014,257,81,7,25,8>I just arrived home after an amazing and quick trip to Santa Clara County Clerk-Recorder's Office on Hedding Street near Downtown San Jose! This being my third time in an attempt to get a new passport after heading to the willow glen meridian ave a week ago around 2:30pm only to find the door locked, defeated, I looked up the inside scoop and arrived earlier at 10:20am this morning but not early enough and there were still 40 people in front of me in line when they ran out of tickets. I took a hint from one yelp review to try here instead and left right from meridian ave to this vastly different and exponentially more efficient system. Although I forgot that their website said no cash--just check or money order and all I had was cash so I went home to get some checks and returned around 12 o'clock noon ready to get ish done! I parked in the plentiful 1-hour-public-parking just outside the east wing then headed on over through the building to the west wing where there were a bunch of chairs and signs for "clerk-recorder's office" (hours 8am-3pm M-F). I walked up to the kiosk-- "What are you here for today?" I clicked "A passport" and then it asked me something along the lines that if I had brought a check to pay for my application since they only take checks or money orders, I clicked yes and received my ticket "B521" and went to sit down. I came prepared with my freshly charged iPhone and headphones to catch up on my new-found 24 obsession via Netflix streaming but I didn't even have time to put in my headphones before my number was called so quickly on this Tuesday afternoon! I had already came prepared with my forms I completed and printed online, had all forms of the necessary identification and took a quick picture around the corner where they so passport photos for $12 (for 2 each). The lady that helped me was friendly and very helpful as she guided me what checks I needed to fill out (1 to the US Dept of State for $184.95 (expedited adult passport book) and another to the Clerk-Recorder's Office for $56.95 (passport photo and processing fee). So, save yourself the trouble of endless waiting and from the frustration of not getting a ticket and being turned away from the post office and come here! I was in and out under 20 mins, amazing!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,5/16/2014,68,182,7,17,8>Heard through the craft beer grape vine that ISO Beers had soft opened today (1/30/14) and high tailed it over at around 5:45PM. BTW, ISO = In Search of: Beers I think...I was rewarded with some Deschutes Abyss 2010. They also had some Stone Woot Stout and other high end craft goodness.The shop is still being worked on but as far as I could tell, the seating was spacious with bar towards the back and various tables arrangements set up towards the front. They also had a patio that will be open for drinking that has huge potential.The crew so far was pretty cool and personable with great beer knowledge. My brief conversation with the owner was that his family owns a bottle shop elsewhere in San Jose.+ Nice concept+ Great beers+ Knowledgeable+ Great addition so far to the DTSJ beer community+ Pretty sweet digs+ Priceing was reasonable unline Farmers Union (Abyss 2012 was not over charged)+ 40+ taps (eventually)I'd come back for the grand opening in a heart beat and would love to break in that patio later this spring!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,5/15/2014,108,214,8,14,8>Gave Bill's another try. My first visit was definitely a three star visit. The eggs Benedict was nothing to rave about. This time around I was in between a club sandwich and breakfast. I was having a bad morning and saw the bread pudding French toast. For reallll!!?? Sounded amazing and I was in the mood to indulge. Order it! It was soooooo good. The sauce that it was served with was so delicious I wanted to lick the plate! And the bananas on top are the perfect compliment. This dish also comes with two eggs any way and bacon or sausage. I chose over easy and extra crispy bacon. The eggs were perfection with the yolk oozing out and the bacon was thick cut goodness. Service was good, coffee was refilled at a good rate. Prices are fair. I am glad I gave Bill's a second try.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,5/14/2014,545,312,10,15,10>One of my new favorite places to go get a nice glass of wine!  I used to go here occasionally whenever I was in the Santana Row area.  Now, I go here with Vintage Wine Merchants as a destination!!Great selection of wine, really cozy area with tables to enjoy a glass (or bottle) of one your favorites.  Great prices on wine and a really good choice of small plates to nibble on as you sip your wine.Probably one of the better values is their wine club!  Look into it.Awesome staff makes the experience completely memorable.~ 4 stars for a great place that should be part of your regular rotation.# 308
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,5/13/2014,114,158,10,14,12>I love DishDash!  How have I not written a review for this delicious place yet?  I thought I already did ages ago.  I have come here with several different groups of friends.  It is one of the first places I think of taking someone out to eat when I have friends visiting from out of town since it is so tasty.We sometimes grab cocktails here.  I just order whatever drink that is lemony or sounds interesting.  All the cocktails I tried were pretty good.  The complimentary pita bread and dip is good as well, but I try not to get too full on pita before the main dishes come out.  We usually get the Mediterranean Maza appetizer sampler to start off with.  It is tasty and has hummus, babaghanouge, tabouli, rihan, m'nazaleh, khyar b'laban and falafel.  There is a little something for everyone, and it's nice to taste a variety of things.  I also usually order the beriani dajaj, which is rice with chicken, potatoes, raisins, garbanzo beans in yogurt sauce.  This is my favorite dish here.  My fiancé likes to order a side of beef kabob with the beriani dajaj.  We also like to ask for the red chili sauce, which tastes incredible with the beriani dajaj and practically anything else.  I had extra red chili sauce one time left over from a to-go order and just ate the hot sauce with tortilla chips since it was so good.  The portions of the dishes are generous.  I usually have left-overs if I have a plate by myself; however, I usually share an entree with my fiancé  or a friend.  The baklava crumble is also yummy and comes served over vanilla bean gelato.  I have dined in and ordered to-go.  The service is great.  They are nice and attentive.  My to-go orders were taken care of within the time frame that they estimated them to be completed.  They are really nice about packaging up some red chili sauce for the to-go orders, which made me super happy the first time I ordered to-go.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2007,3/15/2007,149,300,4,8,7>A high-end, upscale Filipino restaurant located on the outskirts of downtown San Mateo. it's different from Patio Filipino in that the dishes seem like modernized versions of classic ones. i'm not saying it's a better restaurant, but it does rank up there with it. I have to praise the awesome attentive service for their knowledge of the food, and their ability to split the bill between 3 different credit cards without complaint. the owner was willing to chat it up with us and even explained the artistic photographs lining the walls. the food was downright memorable--the special, kare kare, was propped upright on a bed of peanut butter sauce and was enough for 4. the meat was tender, flavorful and was accompanied by a side of salty bangus. the appetizers included pan-seared scallops and the best tokwat baboy (deep fried tofu w/shredded pork in a soy-vinegar sauce) i've ever had. sorry Lola. the pancit canton was just right--a bit oily, but good enough to be paired with the fine food. the garlic rice also was nice and garlicky--maybe a better accompaniment to the food than the pancit, but we were a bit curious on both, so we decided to try 'em. to have BOTH San Miguel AND San Miguel Lite on the beverage menu? wow, now that's impressive. and lastly--the turon, a decadent deep fried banana and jackfruit (wrapped in a way like lumpia) in caramel sauce dessert was scrumptious...it also came w/a side of vanilla ice cream. to the co-workers who decided not to come and join us...you missed out.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2007,3/13/2007,410,212,3,6,9>Who knew that the city of San Jose would have their very own Joie de Vivre hotel?  ;D There are actually 2 Joie de Vivre hotels in San Jose, the other being Hotel Montgomery.  Moorpark Hotel really *is* located in a weird part of San Jose, which borderlines Saratoga and happens to be right across the street from my all time favorite ramen joint, Do-Henkotsu!!The exterior looks like any other hotel, but once you step inside it's a whole different world.  A warm fireplace with plush red couches welcomes you as you step foot into the hotel.    My BF booked a "club level" room for the weekend.  The "club level" is designated for the entire third floor and doesn't give you that much *extra* access to anything else if you had reserved a regular room otherwise.  3 convenient extras are: having a complimentary breakfast (from 7-10 A.M.) served on the third floor, so if you're lazy (like me) you won't have to stray far from your room; complimentary wine tasting; and 1 free drink from the mini bar.I liked using the Aveda products in the bathroom.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2007,3/12/2007,88,273,1,6,9>one of the guys i work with brought me here for lunch today and WOW...i was soo impressed w/ the quality and flavor of the food. maybe it's because i didn't expect much, maybe i was hungry? regardless that was one the tastiest meals i've had! we ordered the POWER LUNCH for $15 which includes an appetizer and an entree. i was worried about the portions and the SHRIMP SPRING was pretty scrawny (basically one piece cut in half) but the BANH MI ROTI (YUM - like thin nan w/ 2 dipping sauces), the BUN CHA (grilled pork w/ vermicelli noodles) and GINGER CHICKEN were good sized portions and mighty tasty. we actually wanted to order another order of the BANH MI ROTI (yes THAT good) but we asked the waiter what he recommended and asked us to try the CALAMARI (OK, HANDS DOWN THE BEST CALAMARI I'VE HAD and i'm not usually a fan). i love waiters who know their ISH! oh and their FRESH LEMONADE is really refreshing too!i would have to agree w/ connie c. and say this is one of the better, if not best, restaurants on university. i would say a really great deal for lunch!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2007,3/11/2007,308,187,,7,4>Note: This restaurant is NOT Thai cuisine; it's MALAY and Yelp really needs to add this category to not confuse.If you're looking for truly authentic Malaysian cuisine, Layang Layang is perhaps tops in my book of all the Malay restaurants I've been to so far in California.  Living in SoCal, I haven't found a truly awesome Malay restaurant...is it really that hard to make good Malay food?  Well, as I wait patiently for that day to arrive, San Jose is where it's at for Malay food.  I'm so thankful a family friend has introduced this place to us while visiting a few years back.   And now this gem of a restaurant is a must go for me when I'm in the area.This little restaurant is simple and exotic at the same time.  Inside you'll find a tropical theme with mock bamboo walls, plants and an Asiatic theme throughout.  This play is soooo good!!  I haven't been disappointed at all with any of the dishes we ordered and everything is cooked just right and so full of flavor and spices.  Aside from perhaps Banana Leaf, Layang Layang makes the best Roti Canai (a crispy thin "pancake" with curry") that I've tried.  The pastry is paper thin and crispy with just the right amount of light sugar applied to give off a sweet texture.  To balance it out, you dip it in a saucy and flavorful curry that has the perfect blend of spices.  It's a must order and with a party of 8 on a recent trip, we ordered 5 of them!The satay is also very good but the chicken is more tender and flavorful than the beef.  The peanut sauce is really good to dip in.  A must order as well.  Don't forget to order the Hainan chicken.  It's very well made with very tender pieces of steamed chicken.  Goes well with the Hainan rice OR coconut rice.If you have the gut to fill up more, try the excellent Mee Goreng.  It's a bit too spicy but still delicious.  The Pearl Mee (Mouse Tail) noodles have an interesting appearance but tastes very good.I could go on and on about the other great dishes we ordered but let's just say, pretty much everything they serve here has exceeded my expectations - they're all delicious and top notch!  With an ambitious menu list of 81 items, plus 27 house specials, there's something for everyone. Why is everything so good?  Well consider that 3 top chefs come from the Cameron Highlands - a mountaineous region in Malaysia - and the rest is self explanatory.  Layang Layang is truly authentic, quality Malaysian food at its best.  The restaurant has received a couple of accolades and excellent reviews from local area papers.To make things even better, the prices are very reasonable ranging from $3 - 10 for most dishes.  And service is quick and friendly to boot.One of my favorite restaurants for sure.  And I'll be yearning for the day I get to go back up north to visit again and stop on by *sigh*
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2007,3/10/2007,55,57,6,7,5>This restaurant is deceiving from the outside. At first glance, we passed the restaurant as we drove down Main St. The aroma of cooked goodness on the outside gave this restaurant away. I've been to Old Town Los Gatos many times and I am surprised I never noticed Southern Kitchen before. It definitely has a southern touch to it. From the lighting fixtures to the ceiling fans, you can tell they wanted a "homey" feeling here. I liked the gigantic old fashioned cash register - large buttons and all. Bonus points for the autographed Sharks Jersey on the wall. I wouldn't say that I'm a picky eater. There are just a few items that make my breakfast satisfying: a cold glass of milk, sourdough toast, and a tasty omelette. Oh, and being able to sit across or next to Art. ;)What better way to start a Sunday morning than a filling omelette. One necessary element to an omelette is great cheese.  Not the kind that's runny when it has melted nor the type that overwhelms the omelette.  But, cheese that enhances the flavors of the vegetables I usually ask for -- mushrooms are a must and anything else depends on how I feel that day.  Today, the LG Special appealed to me - minus the ham. It came with artichokes, mushrooms, and jack cheese. I also asked for onions. Delectable!I was given the option of hash browns, grits or a biscuit. I usually get the hash browns. Correction, I usually *order* the hash browns and my BF eats it. I guess you can call him a hash addict (pfft, no, not that kind of hash!). Given that, to make sure I'm still not hungry after my meal, I now make little open faced sandwiches with my omelettes.  Obviously you have to get decent sized sourdough toast. I usually opt out of the butter, but they had buttered my toast already. No worries. Add a little ketchup and I'm good to go. I wouldn't say the omelette was that generous -- 3 eggs max.  But, that's more than enough for me.   The best part to add to this mighty breakfast was the excellent service. We were greeted and seated promptly and our food was served fairly quickly.  They had so many enticing items on the menu that we will definitely be back to try them out! =)
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2007,3/9/2007,396,256,5,4,5>I'm Filipino, and must admit how proud I am that this place doesn't fit the typical Filipino joint.  Here's my rating breakdown ...+ 1 Star - not the motif of your typical Filipino Eating joint+ 1 Star - Grilled meat/poultry/fish+ 1 Star - A couple of my friends bartend there- 1 Star - The Hosts/most of the wait staff are idiots-1 Star - You can get MUCH better Filipino food at plenty of spots in                 that area.- 1 Star - (If there were 6 stars available)  they say "sports bar" but don't have NBA package, what kinda mess is that!?
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2007,3/8/2007,200,605,1,7,5>They have fresh Vietnamese sandwiches here. The quality of the sandwiches is pretty good. It's more of a loaf style as opposed to the baguette style they serve at Lee's sandwich. What I like about Huong Lan is that it represents the great American entrepreneurial spirit. They started off with one or two stores in San Jose and have expanded. They are rivals with the Lee Sandwich company. Mr. Huong Lan and Mr. Lee used to study under a master sandwich maker Mr. Ba Le, in vietnam. When they got to america they started different businesses using their sandwich making skills from Mr. Ba-Le.When I can't make it to Lee's I stop by here for some good old fashioned Banh Mi. Friendly competition makes for good food and good eats for all of us! Go BANH MI!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2007,3/7/2007,235,418,8,7,7>If you want the best Tofu soup, go for it!If you want the best Korean service, go for it!Food is great, service is the best of the best..  how come u are still here?go, gO GO!!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2007,3/6/2007,47,81,6,5,6>This review is written in honor of my meat-loving boyfriend.  I don't prefer meat usually, but this was a minor exception.A few years ago, the BF's friend took him to this eatery and he LOVED the cheesesteak.  Unfortunately, it became one of those places where you idolize the eats, but completely forget the name and location.  FINALLY a few weeks ago, said friend was able to come up with the name and address of the wonderous cheesesteak eatery--so we traversed down the peninsula for tasty yum-yums.Boyfriend in HEAVEN.  Declared "best cheesesteak I've ever had though I've never been to Philly."  He got a standard with onions, myself a grilled cheese, and we split the pizza fries (I kid you not--fries with pizza sauce and mozzarella cheese!).  I helped myself to some of his cheesesteak, and I WAS IMPRESSED.  **remember, I don't like steak.  I rarely eat beef, and there are many reasons why.  This is definitely an exception I'll make again.**SOOO, from a non-meat eater, this is some damn good cheesey-steakey-onioney goodness!Does it make me a square if I say it kind of reminded me of a suburb In-N-Out cheeseburger with grilled onions only? Nah.... so tasty.OH YEAH, and, uh ... the atmosphere is hmm... very Philly? (can I say that?)
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2007,3/5/2007,344,904,5,8,6>If you want to eat good food this may not be the place to flock to. I came here with a large private group so I cannot comment on the service, as ours was different than what I am sure I would have experienced as a regular customer. I am rating this place 4 stars stricktly for the beer. It has won several awards and I can see why. Tasty microbrews. Come for the beers, after eating elsewhere, as the several dishes I tried did not impress me much. If I had to include the food in my rating it would drop the overall rating to a 3 star, but I didnt want to be unfair to the beer.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2007,5/23/2008,24,13,16,9,11>Quite possibly the best kept secret in downtown MV.  If the phrases 'dive-bar' and/or 'cheap drinks' are mouthed, your mind should automatically be tuned to Mervyn's.  And no, they don't sell clothes here, sorry.  But, you can order some very tasty egg rolls from the Chinese joint around the corner.  So the last time I was there with a co-worker, we met up with some wild elementary school teachers looking to get wasted.  We're all having a good time, sampling the rolls....when all of the sudden, one of the teachers leaves and comes back with a HUGE head of cabbage....seriously.  Stay with me here....cabbage, as in the leafy vegetable.  Content with her with her newly  found prize, she puts it toward the back of the booth and lets it chill for a while.  No biggie right...?  WRONG!!!!  Not long after, the power goes out at the bar.  I don't know what prompted me, (I'm blaming it on the purple hooters) but I take a handful of cabbage and toss it at my co-worker.  Wow, bad move!  Next thing we know, our booth turns into a full fledged cabbage war-zone.  Cabbage in our hair...cabbage in our drinks...cabbage in the ladies' bras....cabbage everywhere!  I know you're saying to yourself...what the hell?  It's fine because we were nice enough to give them a 20 to help cover the cleaning cost.  But nonetheless, a fun night!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2007,5/22/2008,1030,1955,6,12,10>This place is located along the plaza with Lion Market and all the other Asian restaurants and food shops.  I had such a pleasant experience!  Our server (I'm guessing he's one of the owners) was so nice and friendly with us.  Six of us went at 1:30 p.m. on a Friday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all.  They have about three big booths that can snuggly fit six people in it also.  The decor is nice... not too fancy but not a hole in the wall either.Mix & Match ($6.95): one type of dosa, one rice dish & one drink.   You can choose from the list they have which is most of the stuff from their regular menu.  I think this is the best deal because you can try two things and for the bisebelebath, they give you as much as if you ordered it separately (which costs $6.95) anyway.-Mysore Masala Dosa: rice crepe sprinkled with special spices, filled with potato & onion masala, served with sambar & coconut chutney.  This was so delicious!  The potato inside the dosa reminded me of samosa.  It was soft and full of spices.  It tastes wonderfully with the sambar but I could do without the coconut chutney.  The chutney is mellow so it gets masked underneath all the other strong flavors.  But I do love how chutney is refreshing.-Bisebelebath: South Indian rice specialty with lentils, mixed vegetables & spices, served with pappad (like a big round wafer).  The wafer breaks easily so I'm not exactly sure how you're suppose to put the bisebelebath in it.  But at first taste, this dish reminds me of couscous.  It's like mushy rice but spicier, with veggies & even some nuts.  On the menu, they don't indicate that this dish has nuts so BE CAREFUL!This South Indian, all vegetarian restaurant has food that's different from any other Indian food I've had and I'm glad I had it!  It'd be a once in a while deal for me since I love meat.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2008,5/21/2008,324,158,8,14,15>This place is so cute; I think it's a family run deli/market. It's right by my parents' house and I love coming here for lunch. My favorite is their *ravioli with tomato basil cream sauce*. Their ravioli is so soft and fresh and that sauce is to die for!! A lunch plate of ravioli with some fresh bread is ~10 bucks. They have all sorts of hot lunch options besides the ravioli and each day they have a different special. My friend really likes their calamari sandwich on Fridays. They have lots of options like minestrone, clam chowder, fried chicken, steak sandwich, linginue, tri tip, tortellini, and the list goes on. They also have lunch specials that comes with a salad, too. They have a few tables inside and out to enjoy your lunch or they can pack it to go for you.They also have a great deli where you can see them slicing the meat and cheeses! They are a market too, so have the typical small market things, including ice cream, chips, condiments, a variety of cheeses/pates/olives, drinks, and some fresh meat and other such things.Overall, a really cute place to get a quick lunch that is oh so tasty.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,5/20/2008,343,173,15,15,14>Who ordered extra sausage?  *bow chikka bow wow*  Yeah the name of this place totally reminds me of a bad old porno from the 70's. So I went here for the first time today during lunch time.  What a big mistake!  I waited in line twice as long than it took to eat my freakin sandwich.  I swear to god, there has to be a better way to make their setup more efficient.  Let me paint you a picture...There's a medium sized grill outside where 1 dude is BBQing everything.  He has all sorts of meat out there like ribeye steak, a variety of spicy sausages and even kielbasa's.  Then after waiting in that line, you get to go inside the dinky place to wait in line again so that you can pick your choice of bread and veggies to put your "meat" on.  If you get the combo, you get to pick from a nice selection of chips (kettle maui onion baby) and a choice of soda for about $8.  After you give them your order, you wait in line *again* for the register to pay.Geezus!  Thank god it was good!I managed to meet the owner and he was apologetic and told me that they are planning to move to a bigger place finally after 60 years of being there next to SCU.  Considering that most of their biz comes from the Santa Clara U students, I'm sure it won't be that far from where they are now.  I will most definitely will be coming back, but not during early lunch hour rush that's for sure.Van The Man Must Try : The Calabrese on focaccia with everything, Black cherry jones soda and kettle cooked maui onion chips.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,5/19/2008,132,237,13,18,16>it's that time of year again. you know the time. it's that time where you celebrate the day you were born. some are extreme, low key or don't celebrate at all. me? i'm low key, unless, someone else wants to go extreme, like my sister, who threw a surprise 30th for me at a small club. it was the greatest celebration ever.with my mixed backround, i grew up with soul food and european/american food, mostly soul food though. so, i think i can say i know soul food very well. however, when it comes to foreign foods, i'm an ameteuer on what to expect in the quality of the dish i'm about to devour. needless to say, all i care about is "does it taste good?".so, on my low key celebration, my nephew was in attendance. the tough thing about a this 13 year old is convincing him, or any other young teenager, to try foreign foods. it was like pulling teeth. teaching him to step outside the  box of routine eating is difficult at times but the payoff of the appetite/taste buds satisfaction is priceless! i was victorious this time.after walking through the front doors we were instantly transported to thailand. the decor is unlike any other thai restaurant i've visited. the staff, most of the time, are dressed in traditional thai garments. they are friendly and informative of thai culture. there is a shoes off section that involves special seating.for starters, in my attempt to win his vote for thai food, we started off with the siam sampler appetizer, a combination plate with chicken satay, vegetarian spring rolls and seafood dumplings. so far so good despite his short-lived freak out of chicken satay. that was hilarious.onto the main course where we ordered honey chicken prepared with boneless chicken marinated with thai herbs and honey, barbequed and served with thai sweet and sour sauce (on the side) over a bed of shredded cabbage. we also got pad thai seafood prepared with fried thin rice noodles with prawns, calamari, egg, tofu, carrots and bean sprouts topped with a slightly sweet sauce. both dishes had the option of not spicy, medium, hot or thai hot. remembering my "hot" experience with thai hot in thailand, i opted medium for my sake and my campaign to win my nephew's vote. medium, had a very subtle spice kick but wasn't frightening to my nephew. both were very good. another score!dessert was oh so perfect. exotic bomba (sp?). i'm not even going to tell you what's in it - just try it!!!all the while, the staff was very patient, polite, friendly and didn't bother us to ask us how are food was (please don't bother us while i'm eating - i'll let you know if there's a problem). i won his vote.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2008,5/18/2008,46,12,17,21,20>All my South Indian friends swear by this place. I've been with them a few times for lunch and the place is very vibrant and crowded - many people conversing loudly in tamil/telegu and south indian music in the background. Good set meals (thali meals) with some 10 or so different dishes in the plate. Very tasty and spicy food and good atmosphere. They also have a Mithai Shop (indian sweets shop) within the restaurant, where they sell all kinds of indian sweets by the pound. Great selection.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2008,5/16/2008,749,974,20,9,14>Me: Ohh....that dress is cute!  My big booty can fit into it right, Andy?Andy: Are you going to wear jeans or leggings under it? Like a top?Me: Hell No!  I don't wear leggings.Andy: You mean as a dress?Me: I can rock it!Andy: Jay, you won't be able to move much without showing everything.Me: Dude...I can wear that as a dress. I even have shoes to match!---Later in the fitting room---Me: Ugh...My butt is too big and my legs are too long. Dammit!*If I lived near this boutique I'd be in trouble. WAY too many cute things*
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,5/15/2008,905,867,12,20,16>There's something extremely nice about a place like Happy Hound.I'm not sure if its the charm of being a Mom-and-Pop store or just the breathe of fresh air in comparison to the chain burger stands just a few blocks away.Whatever the reason, if you find yourself in this neck of the woods of Los Gatos, Happy Hound is worth the visit.The crowds are by far the biggest during lunch and its during those times that the tiny parking lot and adjacent housing area (with clear signs of NO parking) appear to be stretched to their limit.But even during these times, the Happy Hound staff run an efficient business.  Orders are taken expeditiously and there's a waiting area on the outside (with respective window) for those who are taking to go orders.  The interior seating space is limited, but there's also a few nice tables outside.On my first visit here, I wasn't sure whether Happy Hound was known for their hamburgers or their hot dogs (their two main items).  In a classic moment of indecision, I decided to order both and also an order of fries, "just in case" those were famous too.  This was all for one, btw.While the hamburger was tasty, it was the hot dog (~$4) that was the true star, even more so than the solid fries.  Everyone knows that hot dogs are among the unhealthiest food items out there, but at least at Happy Hound, you'll have a big smile on your face the whole time.BTW No American Express, though Visa/MC happily accepted.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,5/13/2008,116,234,7,13,12>O......M.......G!How did I get so lucky to have this place right around the corner from me?This place has all the best things of all the other great fo yo places in the south bay. #1 Tart, the most flavors I have ever seen....but I am still in love with the plain.#2 Self Serve Toppings....yes that means I can finally layer the fresh fruit, fruity pebbles and the perfect amount of walnuts just like I want#3 You pay by the weight#4 Easy parking and Super Cute interior!I went here twice today, yes, I had fro yo for lunch and dinner today!Three Cheers for Yogurtland!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,5/11/2008,967,1207,16,17,16>I was here the other night.....but I wish I came here hungry. I had eaten only a few hours previous...oh well. That never stopped me before. So we pull up and I jump out to get a table....cuz I had heard that it was busy on the weekends. I walked into the entrance on the right....."WTF?!?!?!" I apparently walked into the wrong entrance and found myself in a karaoke bar??? I have no idea but quickly walked back out and walked through the glass doors that had these brown curtain things behind them (that's why I though it wasn't he main entrance =D). the lady behind the counter was helpful and told me that there was 30 minute wait. Ok...Fast forward half an hour - the place was full and they got this floor plan where it's mostly sit down without shoes on floors with cut outs under the table mixed with some traditional seating arrangements and a few private rooms.  I liked it. They got beer and shochu....is that like soju? And they have kirin on tap....fyi The lychee shochu was great....I think I'm becoming a drunk because I really didn't taste the alcohol even though my guests insisted that it was there and strong. Be sure to take a look at the daily specials located on a placard thingy on your table. Unfortunately the eggplant and tofu was not available but the replacement eggplant and pork was great. I don't quite remember what else we ordered...I just kind of picked a couple of things haphazardly trusting our waiter's judgment. Never been to a Japanese fusion venue before...I wanted to taste the adventure unravel as the night progressed. Everything was great and different. Who knew? Again in Cupertino..The service was fantastic..the staff was helpful, informative and very attentive. It didn't hurt that the ladies were attractive....I'm just saying. They were on top of everything, made great suggestions and were quick....amazingly enough considering how busy and full the place was. And if find yourself with a little room left....the green tea creme brulee is great.....yeah, it's green. ;D
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,5/26/2010,163,368,6,9,8>Wow!  This chocolate shop is AMAZING!!  They had delicious and creative flavors and the chocolate was excellent quality.  I tried the fleur de sel, the caramel (in both milk and dark chocolate), meyer lemon, and fig.  They happened to have samples out of the last two which was the only reason I tried them.  Normally I would have just stuck with caramels and dark chocolates, but I was so glad I tried them as they were delicious.  It was enough to convince me to take home a box of an assortment.The sales girl, Rachel, was very friendly and told me about the fresh cream puffs they also made.  Of course I then had to pick up a bunch to bring to a friends house.  We devoured them.  I loved the freshness and the quality ingredients - I could see that they used actual vanilla beans in the cream.  So tasty!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2010,5/24/2010,149,321,6,8,6>When it comes to eating sushi, you know how I roll. Or don't roll usually; preferring to indulge in nigiris and the occasional ebi toro or tekka maki. However,  was excited to try the rolls here after perusing many reviews beforehand.Lisa Ann P. and I headed out the long way (thanks to Google maps directions which I should've learned by now can absolutely never be trusted). By the time we arrived we were famished! We were heartily greeted by all staff upon entering and quickly seated.The menu for rolls looked and sounded amazing, so we placed our order. Complimentary spicy mussels - awesome; like everyone says. Service was quick and attentive and patrons filtered in and out the whole time we were there. Our rolls began to arrive and I was really impressed. We ordered the White Tiger, Orange Blossom and another whose name escapes me at the moment. Each and every one had distinct taste, fresh fish and were surprisingly good. So good in fact that I couldn't wait for my next visit and I hadn't even left this one yet.It's obvious I have to eat here again and so four days later, I go again. Now I'm so glad I did before I wrote my review. My second visit was like the other half of the reviews I read about this place - inattentive service, took forever to get my check, hard to get my tea refilled; and the worst offense of all - the sushi was HORRIBLE!!!I chose a nigiri mix as I enjoy the fancy rolls more when I can share with others anyway and let's face it; this is sushi. One complimentary mussel arrived; good as last time. The miso soup showed up and it was very, very tasty. I was starting to get in the zone! Salad came and it was not my favorite Japanese salad, but not what I came for really anyway.And now for the sushi! Beautiful platter of mixed nigiri's, chef's choice ($16.95 for 10). I chose the perfect looking ika for my first one. Oh no, what is this in my mouth?! Some parts were so hard I couldn't bite them, other parts of the same piece were mushy like mucus. Gross. I choked it down. I don't even want to remember or recall what I ate next or go into piece by piece detail as there were problems with pretty much each one. I did not care for the mint leaf on some of them, the fish was not the freshest by far. I left three on my plate that I couldn't summon the courage to try after getting through seven others that I did not enjoy. So sad.I think the waitress ignored me as I sat there with sushi left and it looked like I was enjoying my iPhone. But, I couldn't even pull an internet signal so I just kept trying but I only wanted to pay my bill and leave at that point.Because my first visit was so outstanding, and the second such a complete 180, I am willing to go back and try this place one more time. Not sure what I'm going to order, but I'll go back. Anyone want to join me?Written in my travelogue: Love the hours 11:30 am - 9:30 pm! 2.5 stars rounded up to three for now.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,5/23/2010,230,172,7,14,7>It's been less than 24 hours and I can see 20/20!! I had traditional LASIK done yesterday and I have to say that it was one of the best decisions I've made. For those of us like myself that have had glasses since our early adolescence, being able to see without glasses and contacts is the most wonderful freeing feeling.The office is very clean and the staff is extremely organized. All of the files were up-to-date and orderly; appointments were kept; reminder and follow up calls were made; and they were extremely friendly to boot!I currently don't have medical insurance through my employer. One of the ladies asked because I needed to get prescription antibiotic eye drops for after care. When she heard that I didn't have insurance, she told me that it would be pretty expensive and I was bummed. Instead, she offered to provide that for me at no additional cost!!They go through all of the pre and post op information thoroughly by showing you informational videos and instructions to take home. Every last detail was planned and presented to you in an easy to understand manner. There was a bit of a wait on the actual day of my surgery but it could've just been that my nervousness made it appear longer. They do offer Valium at no additional cost to calm your nerves. Sweet! Free drugs! JK :)During my post op appt, they gave me two $100.00 gift certificates to give to friends and family that choose to have LASIK done. How awesome is that?? I could not have asked for anything more. I will be referring everyone to the Laser Eye Center of Silicon Valley & Dr. Craig Bindi. Feel free to message me with any questions!!NOTES: 1. Don't forget to ask for the card for the DMV to show that you have had refractive surgery done!!2. Here is the review for my actual doctor, Dr. Craig Bindi: yelp.com/biz/craig-s-bin3. They have monthly drawings for free LASIK but I'm guessing A LOT of people enter but best of luck!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,5/21/2010,386,452,15,20,16>Hard to impress me when it comes to Malaysian food and only because my parents make killer food at home and plus I get to go back to Penang and sample the great food almost every year but I must say, this location really did impress me. I'm used to going to the one of De Anza but since this one opened I was looking forward to giving it a try.For lunch we ordered:2 orders of roti canai (bf loves this)2 cendol (dessert drink)1 Nasi Lemak1 Mee Goreng1 Prawn MeeSurprisingly the prawn mee was one of my favorites. The taste was really authentic and this was what won me over. The shrimp taste and the fried onions/garlic in the broth was delicious. The nasi lemak, a staple for me in Malaysian restaurants was also very good.Service was quick, the lady who seated me was really nice and friendly.  Looking forward to going back again!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,5/20/2010,181,656,7,9,7>This place mostly gets four stars because I loved the Santouka in Japan, so eating it here kind of reminds me and my boyfriend of our adventures in Tokyo. We ate at Santouka in Shibuya, and Shinjuku in Tokyo. Some of the biggest differences? The broth here is not as thick and hearty, and they're always running out of the toriniko (the special dish that always says SOLD OUT and is pork cheek that is sliced and placed in a separate dish than the ramen bowl). In Japan you could get toriniko at all hours of the day and the broth was so thick it was great.In addition to the best dish always running out, the lines here are long, the hours are unpredictable (they were closed today on a Friday night as of 7 pm - um, really?), and it's in a shopping plaza, which makes parking a nightmare. You get to eat in a food court like area while watching shoppers wrestle groceries, children, and family out the door (or sometimes into the eating area). When the lines are long, there is no where to sit, and you can't exactly eat ramen on the go.Inspite of the shortcomings, we've been here to eat twice. We've ordered the shio and the spicy miso. Still really great thick soup, chewy noodles, and flavorful and tender pork. But it's no Tokyo ramen!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2009,5/19/2010,866,266,7,10,10>Hard to remember the last time I came here it was so long ago. I remember a fairly ordinary or even sub-par experience, but I'm glad I went again today because everything was perfect.Arrived at 10:40 am on a Sunday and the restaurant was 3/4 full - so the hours on Yelp probably need some updating (says they open at 11 a.m.) We were given a table in a corner near the fish tank - perfect for us since we had a stroller with us and the baby could be entertained by the fish.Sitting in a corner or along a wall for dim sum is usually not good since you usually end up having to flag people down, but from the moment we sat down, there was a continuous stream of offerings. There were the carts, as always but I noticed many more hand-carried trays than other places. This may be their secret for another perfection which is that everything served to us was piping hot.When our tea came, the waiter actually poured the tea for us - I can't recall the last time anyone has done that. All of the servers were very polite and attentive. If we mentioned we were looking for one dish, they said 'deng yi xia' (wait a little) and in a few moments they had passed on the word to whoever had the dish to come directly to us.The usual suspects - hao gao, cha su bao, xiao mai, chung fung - were all great. And the black sesame balls were just oozing goodness.From beginning to end, excellent service and excellent food!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,5/18/2010,163,270,23,22,22>-i never done yoga in my life aside from the attempts i've had with videos -bessy asked if i wanted to join her with her bikram session and i was thinking, "ARE YOU SMOKING CRACK?"-i've been staying away from yoga since i'm hyper, like tae-bo hyper so of course that's my work-out of choice-easter, i did a yoga class for the 1'st time in my life and it was "bikram" (i know right?)-the establishment is nice, clean, new and the staff were nice and friendly-"your goal is to stay in the room the whole time ok?" it's a 105 degree room...my ass is filipino born and raised....bring it on! (in my head, please don't pass out, please don't pass out)-the use of  the mat was free for 1'st timers but $1 if you didn't bring one-dood, i think i kicked ass. i appreciate the input the instructor was giving me since he was a great motivator and director-i stumbled here and there but i went straight back to it and did not take a break except for the ones allotted-bessy said "you'll need water, like a lot of water" kinda explained to her i don't need much really and reminded her of my half-dome consumption....sure enough i only took 2 sips...sips...the whole 90 minutes-getting complimented on my survival and job well done was a plus-the last shower has cold water, i enjoyed it tho-very affordable, check out their services=FELT GOOD, LIKE I WILL BE BACK GOOD.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,5/17/2010,354,496,25,17,18>HIbernate your computer now.Grab your keys and wallet.Head to Cooking Papa.Get the roast duck....now..Why are you still reading?GO...NOW!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,5/16/2010,191,288,20,12,13>Public Service Announcement:Beware of busting belts and rocketing pant buttons while in the Corralitos Area. People have been known to wear the wrong types of pants when eating the legendary sausage sandwiches here.I don't want you to lose an eye.I advise for the ladies preggo pants and for the gentlemen to rock the Nacho Libre style stretchy pants. Thus you will enjoy your cheesy bavarian sandwich ($5) in comfort. If cheesy B ain't your thing, select another of their award winning weenies (andoullie, kielbasa, jalapeno cheddar, I could go on but why...) to get splayed, heated, flopped in a pillow of bread. Slather your choice of condiments - kraut, onions, tomatoes, relish, ketchup and two choices of mustard - and you're looking at one of the best local secrets Santa Cruz County has to offer.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,5/15/2010,564,356,14,15,15>Holy Shiz - this place is amazing! While we were shopping on Pacific Ave. I noticed their sign on the window for their happy hour and was blown away by their prices - $2 beers?! On draft?! Holy Smokes, I'm on it! We headed upstairs and took a seat at one of the round tables and looked over their menu. Their HH food was extremely inexpensive - 1.99 for lettuce wraps and fries?? 2.99 for satay's and potstickers? Dang!We ordered up some Hef and started playing Jenga (They have a few games by the dart boards you can play with while you drink and eat) and ordered up Sweet Potato fries, Chicken Potstickers and Chili Cheese fries (I don't know, I was on a starch-craving day). The food was phenomenal... and for bar food! I couldn't believe how good it was - We were both surprised. The bartender/server was extremely friendly and helpful as well - I wish I could remember his name! You have to check this place out - Go for pool, watching the game, playing the game and fantastic service and food!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2007,1/19/2007,255,60,21,6,16>I blame this place for my continued single status.I had the best date of my life here --- with another woman.  Unfortunately for me, I'm pretty much only romantically attracted to men.  My bestest friend on the planet, the psychotic Kittysaurus Rex, managed to charm some free tickets for a a Gypsy Kings concert here off of one of our co-workers.  When her lame boyfriend canceled at the last minute, she invited me.  I don't mind being a last minute sub when it involves: (1) a free concert, and (2) Kittysaurus Rex.Begin Date:Kittysaurus Rex picks me up AT MY HOUSE!  No let's meet at such-and-such.  This means that I can bust out some hoochie heels and not hassle with a taxi/public transit/hitchhiking.As we're driving down the freeway, Kittysaurus Rex says, "I'm hungry."  "Me too!" I say, but deep down inside I'm kind of bummed b/c we're on our way to a concert, so I'm thinking we're going to spend $11 each for a crappy hamburger at the venue.But this is Kittysaurus Rex we're talking about, and unlike all the men I've dated, she can Read My Mind (or maybe we just think alike --- both of these options work for me).  She says, "Hooooooooow would you feel about hitting In-n-Out before we go to the concert?  We'd be a bit late, but..."  "Yes. Yes, Yes, YES!" I say.Kittysaurus Rex BUYS because I'm the Best Friend Ever for subbing for her lame boyfriend at the last minute.We arrive at Mountain Winery and walk into the venue.  It's tiny (well, compared to the large, urban sprawl-like Shoreline).  We decide to get some wine because, well, we ARE at a winery after all.  Honestly, I have no idea if the wine was good or bad --- see above visit to In-n-Out.  One word --- Animal Style.  That, and my opinion is completely biased towards a place that lets me drink outside, under the stars, while I listen to music.We start looking for our seats.  Our FREE seats.  Are they in the back (which is still within spitting distance to the stage, not that I'd do that)?  Nope.  Are they in the middle (please, please don't let me spill wine on anyone while I climb over them to my seat)?  Not exactly.  Our seats are in the SECOND ROW.  RTFO!  I seriously fear the band may drip sweat on us --- which in this case, I don't think I'd mind.The stars are out and twinkling above us as the Gypsy Kings play and Kittysaurus Rex and I sip our wine.  There's a gentle but serene breeze in the air.  I turn to Kittysaurus Rex and she returns my blissful gaze.  "I feel like we should make out."  "Me too!"  "Uh, let's get more wine.""Yep, more wine."End Date.The venue, as others have stated, is intimate --- like you're at a rich friend's house watching their band play in the backyard with a fabulous view.  I guess the wine is forgettable.  The crowd can be a bit staid, but most of my rich friends are kind of bland like that, so it doesn't really faze me.  Go.  Sit under the stars.  Drink some wine.  Soak up some music.  Consider making out with your best friend.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2007,1/18/2007,1362,985,,9,6>Joining Critic O.'s family to help her celebrate her 30th birthday, I ventured down the peninsula for a little Malaysian food at Langkawi.  She discovered this restaurant courtesy of Yelp! Located in a small strip mall right off the freeway, it might be easy to miss this restaurant tucked away in the back.  Upon entering, you're greeted by a salt water tank filled with colorful fish swimming about.  With a party of 8, we had a long table all to ourselves by the far wall on this Saturday for lunch.  For beverages, they provided hot tea and water.  (The tea came out a bit warm, so we requested hotter water which they changed immediately.)  I decided to be adventurous and try their Malaysian Iced Tea ($2.50) while others enjoyed their Thai Iced Tea ($2.50) or their Lychee Drink ($2.50).  I asked the waitress for any information about the differences between the two teas, and all she could really say was that they used Malaysian tea instead of Thai Tea.  I asked which was sweeter and she said the Thai Tea would be.  Nonetheless, I still ordered it.  It was a bit different, not as sweet as she pointed out, but nice.  I eventually had to ask for more ice later on as there wasn't enough in my drink to cool it down.    We started with the Satay Tofu, "deep fried tofu stuffed with bean sprout and cucumber served with peanut sauce" ($5.95) and Roti Prata, "crispy Indian flatbread served with curry dipping sauce" ($2.95).  The tofu came with four pieces and was a nice refreshing taste when eaten with the julienned cucumber.  The roti was also enjoyable, arriving in a large curled shape on a plate.Initially wanting the Tom Yam Soup, "hot and sour soup with seafood and vegetables in a spicy lemongrass stock" ($4.95/small; $8.95/large), the waitress informed us that it may be too spicy for the rest of our party.  (The waitress had previously been dialoguing with my friend's dad to determine what type of entrees to order and he had mentioned no spiciness preferred.)  We appreciated her feedback and ended up with the Langkawi Bak Kut Teh Soup, "Chinese herbal soup simmered with pork-ribs, fried tofu, and mushrooms" ($6.95/small; $10.95/large) instead.  The soup was quite different, light because of the broth and tasty as well.Our entrees consisted of five dishes.  The first to arrive was the half of a Hainan Chicken, "steamed chicken in its own stock, served with chef's special soy sauce and chili ginger sauce" ($8.95).  The chicken was moist and tasted better with the sauce was on it.  It was okay though, and not quite as good as my other friend's homemade Hainanese chicken.  (Then again, it's homemade and that's the only comparison I really have.)  Next was the Mango Chicken, "chicken and shredded mango in a sweet and sour sauce, served in a mango shell" ($9.95).  This was an interesting dish and quite different.  It was a strong contrast to the other chicken dish and may be too sweet for some palates.  This was the only dish we had leftovers of.The Sauteed String Beans with garlic ($7.95) was next to come and they were as expected.  The Langkawi Bean Curd, "home made fried soft tofu with shrimp, squid, scallop, mushroom, and vegetables, topped with oyster sauce" ($10.95) was pretty tasty though and I heard someone comment on the very yummy tofu pieces.  Unfortunately, this dish remained on the far end of the table and I didn't get a chance to try it myself.  I would definitely order it again though. The Pad Thai, "stir-fried flat rice noodles with shrimp, tofu, chicken, eggs, scallions, and bean sprouts" ($7.95) was like any other pad Thai dish I would order in a Thai restaurant, so nothing spectacular about that.  We also side orders of Jasmine Rice ($1.00), Coconut Rice ($1.50), and Chicken Flavored Rice ($1.50).  The coconut rice was yum and the chicken rice was also very good with the savory dishes too.  I personally wouldn't bother with the jasmine rice next time.Overall, the meal was good.  There were some real good dishes and some that were mediocre.  The service was efficient and we appreciated the wait staff's helpfulness with dish selection and clearing the table for the birthday cake (as well as cutting it for us).  A solid 3.5 stars for Langkawi.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2007,1/17/2007,60,72,10,6,7>One of my favorite purchases EVER is from 4.  I introduce you to... the sticky bra.  Now, you may or not be familiar with what a sticky bra is.  It's kind of what it sounds like... a bra that's sticky - you don't need straps or anything, it just attaches right to you!  Throw on that backless shirt, your skanky tube top, or whatever your little heart desires, and your boobs will still be perky and hot.Sticky bra, you complete me.I'm on my third sticky bra now.  After my male roommates found mine and decided to stick it to their heads, shirts, elbows, asses, and various other body parts, I decided that sticky bras do need to be retired.4 has cute clothes for all ages.  I can almost always find something to buy there, as can my mother.  Some of my favorite clothes are from here.  They also have great jewlery and everything is very reasonably priced for a boutique.  Very little is over $100 - realize that this is not the place for cheap department store mass produced wares, it's a boutique and you're going to pay a little more for it, but not too much, really!Love it!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2006,1/16/2007,192,221,9,3,7>Great selection of food but very pricey. I stopped by here to get a quick dinner. At checkout the conversation went something like this;Checker: Will you be eating this here Sir?Me: Ummm, Yes!Everything?Yes. (3lbs of beef shank 1lb garlic mashed potatoes 1lb grilled vegetables and a turkey dinner meal for my alter ego that can't just leave it alone and order what the rest of me wants) All of it except for the deodorant which I will consume in my home at my leisure.Checker (laughing) would you like anything to drink with that?Me:No thank you.Paper or plastic?Paper please.Thank you.Thanks and have a good day.So there you go. You can get your own 8 1/4% discount by just eating your meal instore.Update 1/16/07 -I've gotten two messages telling me I got this backwards.Maybe the checker was laughing at me for being an idiot.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2006,1/15/2007,71,100,4,7,4>ok, now i feel dumb.we have lived right by this restaurant for almost two years and just dined here for the first time about a month ago.  we walk right by it all the time but it always looks empty and kinda dark... both big red flags in our book.anyway, tired of our usual haunts, i looked to see what other yelpers have experienced here and of course, was reassured again.yummy, authentic mexican food!!!  i don't berieve it!!!yeah, we're coming back here.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2006,1/14/2007,861,621,8,9,16>this was my favorite playground growing up....  keith, one of my good childhood friends called me recently and asked if i remembered all the summer nights we spent playing hide & seek or Red Rover in this park... how could i forget??? there's just something so special about this little patch of greenery and swings besides all the good memories. its fun! there's a jungle gym, the choo choo train, twirly swings, lots of grass space for tag, water balloon wars, picnics, birthday parties. i think i even told my mom once that i wanted to set up a pup tent and live in this park. i feel blessed to have experienced such a great childhood.... and this park was a big part of that.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2006,1/13/2007,281,619,2,6,5>A few days before Christmas, my Poppa tore up two whole tires and the rim on the family's minivan by driving through an island (way to let out the holiday aggression, Dad!).  I knew we were in trouble.  We were sitting out there in the rain for what was close to eternity.  Our insurance company was lame-o and no help in getting a tow truck out there -- making vague & wishy washy promises of sending someone out there maybe in an hour.  Finally, I got a number for a random tow truck company in Fremont.  Lo & behold, Walt's peeps got there in like 15 minutes, loaded up our car, and took us on our merry way.  They charged us $72.50 a half hour of time.  Don't know if this is reasonable, but this is one instance where time, not money, mattered more!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2006,1/12/2007,49,548,,7,5>Dale's Hardware is an old school harware store.  Where you can go in there and people actually know what they are talking about and can give you good advice.  This is a GREAT NEIGHBORHOOD HARDWARE STORE and you can find some of the more harder to find pieces that you can find at the big box store.This is my general saying about Dale's Hardware.  If you know what you're doing and know what you're shopping for, save yourself a couple of dollars and shop at Lowe's or Home Depot.If you need advise on your hardware project or doing something new for the first time, go to Dale's.  While their prices may not be as good as the other guys, their advice will save you a whole lot of $$$ and hours in the long run.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2006,1/11/2007,871,695,38,18,14>You know a restaurant is good when you have to formulate a strategy to eat there.  I fancy myself a cunning strategist so I will share with you how I approach dining at this restaurant....1)  Unless you are going home right after this meal, wear a "protective layer" of clothing.  Something you can put on, like a smoking jacket, that you can take off after the meal.  The BBQ smell permiates every thread of whatever you are wearing and people will know that you either killed a water buffalo with a flame thrower or you ate at Korean BBQ2)  They give you a salad, skip it.  You'll need the room.3)  They have a section of asian staples like fried rice, egg rolls, sweet and sour pork, etc.  Skip it.  4)  Go straight for the ribs.  If you are with two people, have one person  load an entire plate of ribs while the other goes for the chicken and other meats available.5)  Cook up an entire BBQ of ribs first and while they are cooking, go get some steamed rice to eat with said ribs.  6)  Have the grill changed out as often as possible, trust me, i have started many a grease fire here - the ribs are both greasy and sticky so stuff builds up and stuff ignites.7)  A little section of grease and good stuff will accumuliate in one of the corners of the grill, this is what i call the "flavor zone."  Cook as much as you can in this zone and prepare to either be orgasmically pleased or suddenly killed by a heart attack.There it is, Archie's 7 step Korean BBQ strategy.  Trust me, you'll love it.  Good luck going back to work and being productive after that gut bomb hits you.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2006,1/10/2007,129,254,5,5,3>Mantra is pretty much what the bay area needs in terms of Indian food. A classy upscale joint, with a variety of drinks, and a bar that will draw a crowd. The only problem is these guys banked on Palo Alto.  You might have been better off I started out at the bar like I do in most place, and drank the Mantra. Not quite strong enough, so I moved on to one of the martinis, and a couple more after that. 4 Martini's later; I had a mild buzz that left me wanting a cigarette. At 10$ a pop you'd think they'd make the drinks a bit stronger.After my 4 drinks my appetizer came out. I got the cauliflower soup which is basically just a 12 dollar version of Daal, an fairly bland. I was thinking of calling my mom and telling her that she could sell her Daal to these guys. And they put a piece of potato in the middle to make it appear more awesome than it actually is. After the Daal, I decided to go with Kashmiri sea bass which came with mash potatoes, and I pretty much devoured that. I wish I hadn't ruined my appetite with the stupid soup and saved myself for the sea bass. For dessert there was some sort of very warm chocolate cake severed with strawberry ice cream. After getting out my magnifying glass to see the ice cream, I mixed it with my cake, and it was damn good. But this miniscule amount of ice cream threw off my cake to ice cream ratio making me feel like the guy in the damn milk commercial. GOT ICE CREAM? Finally, I went out and had my cigarette, but since they had no matches the hostess came outside with me and lit my cigarette with a flame thrower. Well, not exactly, but you get the idea.  Overall, Mantra gets an A for decor and it definitely is hip. The food is definitely an experiment which I'm sure after several trials they'll be able to perfect. Lucky for me, I didn't spend a dime on this meal. The joys of corporate America
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,8/19/2010,198,447,6,25,17>Since I've written my review I've receive numerous inquiries as to how my treatment went and if I've gone back since June. I have gone back and had my final treatment on November 11th. I am pleased with the service I received and outcome of my treatment. I am officially tattoo free and HAPPY. The staff is attentive and informative. My nurse Nisha was the best! She's easy to talk to and it didn't feel like I was at the doctor's office at all. It was comfortable and like you were hanging with a friend.I enjoyed my experience with Reviance so much that I've recommended friends and family to the office. They too have gave positive feedback to me about the office and staff. I wish they used Yelp so that they can share their experience.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,8/18/2010,655,394,16,23,21>For my first review of 2010, i've decided to do a review on something that holds a special meaning to everyone who has visited it.Tree 9. This majestic and gorgeous tree towers above all the other redwoods around it. once you make the hike up and enter the clearing, the branches beg you to climb it and look at the view it has to offer.The first time i visited the tree, it was in the middle of the night. But the day i saw it in broad daylight, i was blown away by its presence. The branches are smooth from the hundreds who have climbed it before. They stick out in all directions to give even the most fearful the chance to brave it and climb up.2010 is a new year for me, and it is a new year for this tree. This tree has so far survived all who has wanted to cut it down for the purpose of expanding ucsc. The Long Range Development Plan (LRDP) has been put on hold so far, giving this tree another year to bask in the sun.Contrary to what people think about the name, whether a girl died by hitting 9 branches on the way down, that 9 people died so far, to the fact that it's located above College 9, the name comes from the fact that way back in the day, the tree was actually stop #9 on the ucsc trail tour.and so now the winter is slowly drawing away and the branches call out again to all the banana slugs. I will be back soon. and this time i'll make it to the top!If this tree falls, we will all fall with it. but keep standing tall Mr. Tree 9.another amazing thing: the tree is minutes away from the open field where full moon drum circles are held every month. *wolf howling*
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,8/17/2010,63,35,27,19,15>Yeah. I'm a fan. I can't help it if I'm a cheap date! 3 dollars will yield a crispy bacon wrapped hot dog crisped on a propane-powered cart with at least 4 condiments to mush everything together- heaven balanced between 2 buns.  Who wouldn't want a piece of this!Nevermind that you will be standing in front of a liquor store and adjacent to el baron rojo.  Nevermind that occasionally everyone including security will run out of the bar and around the corner presumably to chase a fight down the alley.  East side lovin is east side lovin. bring a friend if you must so you can speak of bacon wrapped goodness (it'll look funny, even to us east siders, if you start talkin to yourself)Only tear is that he closes shop at 1am so the clubbing/bar-hopping patrons in dtsj will miss him. yeah. it's a sad experience racing from downtown to see him nowhere in sight.  don't bother trying! the sadness will just hurt too much..
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2009,8/16/2010,967,1207,15,15,15>Hey Boom, you want some udon?I know a place....I've been hearing about this place for weeks... santouka this, santouka that... santouka,santouka,santouka... so here i am with my female half to try out some japanese noodle/broth/beef action!!! Hahahaha, it's apart of Mitsuwa the grocery store. We rolled up into that cafeteria like area right around 11:30am and low and behold there was a lil line and already number of people eating. We hopped in line and tried to decide what to eat. We got a spicy noodle something or another with extra meat... and my sister got some dish that had the meat and stuff but on the side instead of served in the bowl. Kind of weird but i'm sure there's some reason for the separation. It was all good. I liked mine more than hers.. I think my meat was a touch more tender than hers. My spicy broth was just right. Though it may have been a touch not spicy enough which would have hit the spot on a colder day. She had this salt broth was not bad nor great. It was salty, but it's called salt broth so i figured it's just right. And the noodles.. I love me some noodles! I wonder if they could fry it first before putting it in the broth.... but that aside the noodles are great.And like that 12:00 came around and with it came a crowd of which would not look out of place at an amusement park (think more like disney land as opposed to santa cruz beach boardwalk... minus those time saving line busting tix machine things). And you know me, timing is important because eating is my business... and business has been good!;D
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,8/15/2010,942,857,15,14,13>I can't believe I am writing an update on a review of the best shrimp shack place. Yes, I said shrimp shack because I don't like crawfish. It's not worth sucking, and chewing, and spitting. For what? poor man's lobster? No thanks. I'll go rogue and do the shrimp! that's the best way, and they always do it perfect here. Yes I know the wait is long, maybe even excessive. But it is worth it when there is also a wait time at the other crawfish places. And to be completely honest. Those places wished they got their shit down when it comes to their sauce here. I don't know. I am just over the let downs of the competitors. I'll just suck it up and wait for the boiling crab, any day!!!!!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,8/14/2010,736,863,9,15,13>Where has Five Guys Burgers & Fries been all my life?! Apparently it's a popular franchise that I knew absolutely nothing about. Wherever they've been hiding, I'm so very happy that I've finally crossed paths with them!Their hamburgers are super juicy, tender, and delicious--not to mention HUGE! Their regular hamburgers and cheeseburgers come with two beef patties, while their 'little' burgers come with one. I didn't know, so I ordered a regular hamburger (yelp.com/biz_photos/ioM1) with 'everything,' which came with all the toppings that they had in black font--lettuce, onions, grilled mushrooms, cheese, pickles, tomatoes, mayonnaise, and ketchup. I was full from eating just half of the burger!They charge a flat rate for their burgers and every single topping is free. They have a variety of sauces, such as barbecue sauce, A1 sauce, and hot sauce to complement your burger too. I'm a huge fan of their fries, as they are made fresh! I thought it was really cool how they have a sign that tells their customers where their potatoes were shipped from that day. They also have sandwiches and hot dogs on their menu, but it looks like the majority of people were there for their burgers. I'm sure their sandwiches and hot dogs are just as great though.It was really crowded and hectic, but the wait wasn't long at all. The kitchen is in plain view and they had like 20 people working hard to fulfill orders in an assembly line-like fashion. I really like this place and I recommend giving them a try!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,8/13/2010,736,972,16,23,19>Who ever thought of building a fantastic concert venue in the hills of Saratoga, who? Saratoga, really?  Well, sure beats driving to SF and/or sitting in a stuffy auditorium. First.The newly renovated bowl is up and rolling. While I don't mind this new seating, please keep in mind that the chairs are NOT one size fits all. You really do have to snuggle with your neighbors...really.  Picture Elephants and mice sharing a stoop...yah...that's it. Second. Drivers beware! And, drunk drivers especially get your designators, because sloppy turns around the windy road might just get you intimate with the bottom side of the cliff. I am just saying. Honk! Third.Food stands.  Not. So. Much.  Pack a picnic, or bring a taco and chow.  The catering services are great. I sampled the food during a recent yelp event...but again....they ain't catering the concerts...so you do the math...TACO.Forth. If by some chance you have to park on the hill in the gravel and you are injured, you can request a golf cart. They will pick you up, and take you to the bowl.  Drivers are friendly, and don't be shy...ASK! Fifth.You better leave early or sit in the parking lot. Traffic is YUCK.  Someone should sell ice cream treats after the concert.  Just a suggestion. Overall, I dig the tunes and shows at the Mountain Winery. I don't mind paying a pretty penny to sit up close, since it's well worth it. Staff is great, and I enjoy going to a venue where I don't have teeny boppers spilling drinks all over my head or  smoke blown in my face. Thanks for keeping it crazy and chill all at the same time.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,8/12/2010,226,185,18,8,9>Bill's lives up to all the yelpster hype.  My bf and I got in an argument and he made a smart move and used Bill's as a bandaid.  Forgiveness followed shortly after waffles with fresh strawberries, a side of bacon, a couple bites of the California eggs benedict with country potatoes, the huuuuge kids pancakes meal for my little one, and one stiff mimosa for me.I didn't get my complimentary tequila shot though?  Is it because I had my kid with me? C'mon, I obviously had a DD, and no, not the 4yr old :p
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,8/11/2010,146,142,11,19,13>Where do I begin? I have been having a love affair with my gym, Decathlon Club, for a long time now. A gym, in my opinion, is one of those things you MUST love. If you don't love it, you probably won't use it and your membership money will be a big fat waste and your waist may be big & fat consequently. Don't waste $$ on stupid gyms (you know the kind I mean).Sometime in my early 30's (ahem), I discovered that the myth & legend passed down from woman to woman through the generations was not myth & legend but an unfortunate reality: After 30 your body starts changing and it just gets to be more of a struggle each year to stay in some sort of shape other than a sphere. Oh,...You mean I'm not gonna be forever 21? Damn it! Enter my decision to join Decathlon Club. Now, you will discover that this place is not cheap. So, my decision to throw down some cash for this luxury was one based on the following: 1. I'm almost 40. I have no desire to workout in a nightclub, meat market, dating scene environment surrounded by giggly girls & muscle bound boneheads. 2. I want some amenities; a grown up gym. I don't want to be monitored for how many towels I'm using and every day have a different bubblehead girl working the counter who doesn't know me & doesn't care.3. If I need to go at peak hours, I want to still be able to get a workout in. I'm sure you are catching my drift right now because you have visualized all the dreadful things we have all experienced at other gyms. Picture 20 cardio machines all in use. Ugh.This club is NICE! Fresh flowers in the locker room nice! It's fully stocked with shaving cream, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, hair spray, mouthwash, deodorant, blow dryers, q-tips & cotton balls. It has TVs on almost every cardio machine, multiple jacuzzi's, dry & steam saunas, heated lap pool, pilates/yoga studio, spin room & a group exercise room. There is a separate women's workout room adjacent to the women's locker room. Decathlon Club is a place where you can workout but you want to be there. It's enjoyable.My only complaint is that I'm a swimmer & they need to expand the pool. I know this is a huge project but it is nearly impossible to get a lane at certain times of day or anytime during summer. That's a small complaint in the big scheme. All-in-all, I like it, I love it, I want more of it! And I think that's good when you're talking about a gym.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,8/10/2010,1117,183,9,13,11>So..I feel inspired Yelpers!  I have a cold and felt like crap today, but just found out I have my 2nd ROTD! That makes me want to write, and write I shall.So out of sheer boredom and curiosity I decided to pick up golf.  I bought a nice set of Callaway's and started playing everywhere.  Believe it or not, golf is not easy.  In fact it's like trying to plug an oil leak 5000 feet under water (too soon?).  I played at Sunken recently and hit my first par ever.  I have been addicted ever since.  The price is def. right here, 12 bucks all day during the week as many replays as you can stand.  The only unfortunate thing is that sometimes it can be a couple hours between replays.  I don't really care, just gives me some time to grab some lunch.  4 stars, can't wait till I take some golf classes so I can school this course!!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,10/30/2007,32,49,13,7,6>Wilder Ranch State Park has a lot to offer for the outdoor enthusiast.Runners, mountain bikers, walkers, nature lovers, horseback riders, bird watchers, unicyclists (I'm not making this shit up), beach goers, picnic-ers, seal lovers, air lovers, and sun lovers all love to come here.  Heck, even heart-broken-bluff-leaping suicide squads would agree that there are few places in the world as beautiful and as accessible. You stay east of Hwy 1 and you're headed up the trails into the Santa Cruz mountains.  Take it far enough and you'll run into the UCSC campus.  There are multiple ways of getting to the top or around the side or through the canyon.  Runners, look out for mountain bikers.  If you're wearing your mp3 player (which I do), be especially careful.  If you can't hear them when they scream "die, scum!" that's your own ass.  (He may have said "on your left!", but Godsmack distorts that shit up).  Mountain bikers, watch out for runners.  Most of them are batshit crazy and will knife you if you get close enough.  Some carry poison blades.  I'm just saying.Stay west of Hwy 1 and you'll find the 5 miles round trip trail that follows the bluffs.  Totally different gig, but equally incredible.  If you love waves, ocean views and beer you'll find 2 out of 3 of those here.  Not bad.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,10/29/2007,344,213,14,12,12>Back when I was in college (eons and eons ago now--raccoon fur coats were still all the rage, and beanies for the freshmen) we would find any excuse we could to throw down and party.  Snow on the ground? Winter Carnival.  Football season?  Homecoming weekend.  Thursday?  Stoner frat would blow their dues on Midori and sour mix.  Ahhh...I knew I spent tens of thousands of dollars on an education for a reason.Anyway, now that I'm all growed up, out of school and a responsible, contributing-member of society, it's a bit harder to find reasons to celebrate.  Snow on the ground?  Not bloody likely now that I live in seasonless northern california.  Football season? $10 a beer--can't get a buzz for less than $50.  Thursday?  Garbage day.  Don't forget to drag the recycling to the curb.Enter Devil's Canyon Brewing Company.  It's the last Friday of the month.  Clearly, it's time for BEER FRIDAY!  Located in a nondescript industrial park right under the billboard that currently features a mini cooper on 101S, the dear, sweet people who own Devil's Canyon Brewing Company open their doors and kegs to the pubic every month on Beer Friday.  They've got cool bands, delicious beer (mmm...habenero ale) and an outdoor patio perfect for the year-round bay area climate.The beer is cheap, the company is good and next time I'm riding my bike so I can relive my college days to the full.  (If you see a puzzled looking girl wandering aimlessly through the office park some beer friday night, do me a favor and point 'er south, give her a pat on the ass and send her on her way--I once got lost in a backyard.  hedges are tricky, y'all.)yay beer friday!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2007,10/28/2007,44,72,6,4,13>Great price per hour entertainment!  It took over an hour for me and my companion to blow through $3 worth of nickles.  Many of the classics are represented, some of the new stuff, but not much of it.   Among their best games is an awesome air-hockey meets foos-ball game that is way too addictive... and probably 20 years old.  You call it geriatric, I call it retro.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,10/27/2007,207,98,,9,11>Lion & Compass is definitely on my favorite list.  I guess I got my luck twice in a row--no reservation, nor waiting.  Therefore, I still have my 5 stars here.The decor is kinda awkward/weird to me, too many scenes in a place.  However, I love their entrance and patio area and that makes up the rest.  How did I find this place??  Hmmm....I bumped into it after my first Argentina Tango lesson.  At first, I regretted to accidentally walk in an expansive restaurant without checking with YELP first.    Second, no special occasion for me to spend extra money when I was having two parties upcoming in next two days.  Oh well......$%^&*()(*&Compass Caesar Salad, Macadamia Crusted Seabass and Wine, Pepper Seared "Sterling" Pork Tenderloin" Maple Glazed,Tiramisu and Tea.  Every single dish WOWed me.  I never really liked any pork dishes in the USA, however, I think I will order it myself next time here.  All the ingredients in the dishes tell the chefs are full of creations.Got to mention that their waiters are experienced with their menu and the restaurant history and are very convincing, especially our waiter David.    With his service and introduction, I really wanted to taste every single dish right away.  He also told me that there's coupon in some newspapers, dine during weekend is 2 for 1.  I will update if I find out which newspapers it is.I don't mind it's a bit pricey as long as I know the food is worth to come back.  Therefore, 3 days after I brought my customers here to try their lunch menu.  On Columbus Day, no need for reservation ......Yay......Plus my customers love this pick!!PS.  Still better to call and make a reservation during weekdays though.BTW, two chefs are one Chinese and one Japanese!!  Bravos!!!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/14/2007,10/26/2007,47,96,12,11,9>10/26/07 Update: supposedly Gold's has finished phase 1 of renovations, now has aerobics classes, and have special sign up pricing until October 31. So check it out IF you can find space in the parking lot.**********************Okay, let's just say that in a very short amount of time you managed to almost completely stop working out, start eating way too much, and gain quite a bit of weight. What is the proper next step once you realize what an idiot (aka fat slob) you're being?Start eating right and...1.) Start going back to your gym, just pick right up where you left off, just maybe with a little extra cardio.2.) Join the next closest gym to where you live and work out there instead.3.) Stay home and play a LOT of Dance Dance Revolution1? Are you kidding me? I can't go back to my regular gym where all these people...my trainer, the staff, the regulars that have told me how good I've been doing...where they can SEE ME and be like "oh wow, what happened to her??? She was doing so good! What a shame, tsk!" No, if they're going to see me and talk smack about me, they're going to have to find me walking down the street or in line at the grocery store or, in the case of the DHL delivery guy, he'll at least have to deliver a package to me. If they're going to gossip about me, they'll have to find me first.2? I thought this was the correct answer at first. I joined this Gold's Gym a few weeks ago. I knew there was something I liked about them from the moment I saw how they slapped their own ill-fitting temporary logo/sign over the old gym sign and then just left it like that. I wasn't even sure if they were open, but I decided to drag my fat ass down there one day and check it out. Yes, they are under major renovations, which include filling in the old, kidney shaped swimming pool with gravel, but they are open for bidness. Sort of.I figured with a $99 initiation fee and $19 a month, it would be worth it even with all the construction.Ugh, yeah well...it looks like SOMEDAY this Gold's Gym is going to be SUPER nice, with really fancy cardio equipment, two outdoor pools, tons of brand new weight machines and a couple of aerobics studios. It's going to blow anything else in RWC away! Yeah um...someday. That day is not today, not this month...possibly not even this year.The gym area currently open to work out in is really hot and cramped and crowded, and some of the weight machines - which are still the old ones and will eventually be given away to high schools or something - seem to simply be missing. I came here several different times of day, and one time it was about 110 humid degrees (INSIDE the gym) and yet it was still packed full of a bunch of crazy people who don't seem to mind 110 degree heat (too bad they aren't offering any of those yoga classes where you do all your poses in a really hot room full of a bunch of sweating fools...these people would have been perfect participants. But...they don't have ANY classes right now. They have no aerobics studio.) That day I ended up leaving and slinking back into my old gym late in the evening when hardly anyone was around.Still...$19 a month! Too bad I noticed in the fine print of my contract that after a year they are free to change my membership fee to some other amount of their choosing any time they like. I don't even think they have to give me 75 days notice, like I have to give them if I want to cancel after a year.So, the correct answer for now is: 3 - Dance Dance Revolultion. This has the added bonus of learning some mad skillz that will allow me to go to the arcade at the RWC movie theater and show up some 11 yr old with my crazy moves. Okay, maybe show up some 8 yr old. Okay...okay...be humiliated by some 8 yr old, but at least I'll have something to do besides watch ads when I'm waiting for the movie to start.But, I must admit...I think SOMEDAY this health club is going to be da bomb, and I feel thinner already, knowing I now belong to TWO gyms. Oh, and they were totally cool about giving me a bunch of one-week passes for my bf, who already belongs to two other gyms and just wants to help me plan a new weight routine every three months. My other gym never gave me one single pass in the 1 1/2 yrs I've been there...they charge $10 a day to bring a guest. Now if you'll excuse me...I have to go keep trying to unlock "endless" mode in DDR Extreme.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2007,10/25/2007,139,197,12,5,4>This place sells crack to innocent girls in the form of magical iridescent glitters, pastel-colored pipe cleaners, and all the various paraphernalia required to support their crafty fix... tempting them with "ooooohhh, sooooo prettttyyyyyy" things that she thinks are just pure bliss... and that she must have cuz its only a dollah!  A dollar here, a dollar there, ends up being a 100 bucks a week habit!!  Easily!  (Then of course there's the 24hr ebay dealer when Michael's is closed, but you end up paying more with all the shipping.)On that note, if you are lookin' to check me out in person, your best chances are to be in this store - preferably in the back of the store in the clearance shelves, pretending to be rummaging for cheap deals.  You will def grab my attention... for being in MY section!  I may give you menacing eyes but at least you have made eye contact.  And if you are lucky, I may actually get physical with you... if you don't hurry the hell up and get outta my way.  Your smartest move tho, would be to have already found all the best bargains in the bins and then to hand them all over to me.  BIG points for you there... if you're a dude.  Sorry girls.If you don't find me in the back, then I've probably already moved onto the normal scrapbooking aisles.  I am only there on sales weeks tho as any other time would be foolish.  (You can check out their website to see the sale of the week under the Store Locator link.)  But I'll give you a heads up... you don't really wanna date a girl who's an addict of this type.  Her world ends up being a mess... with pads of paper, cardstock, stickers, ribbon spools, paper punches, stencils/stamps/glitter galore... strewn all over her tables, floors, and credit card bills.  She's got glue all over her fingertips, she's always in her PJs, and happily explains why she is saving garbage, which she prefers to call 'scrap paper', in a shoe box.Yeah, it's probably not worth it.  You should stay away from this store.  And if you are thinking of just going in to just try it out - DON'T!  Your wallet will thank me.  It's a world that's all too difficult to get out of once you've dipped your toes into it...(FYI... Walmart on the other side of the street carries scrapbooking stuff for like half the price!  Jolee stickers too!  Go there first, then come here.)
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2007,10/24/2007,263,388,4,8,7>"The arrangement of your features is not entirely repulsive to me." - In Silk Stockings, Ninotchka (Cyd Charisse) in response to Steve Canfield's (Fred Astaire) inquiry as to whether or not she found him attractive!See!?  Back in the day, you could couple some sarcasm with some fancy dance moves and Cole Porter tunes and that was enough to light you up inside!  I saw "Silk Stockings" at the Stanford Theatre on Monday night and I'm still in a musical daze... ahhh, I've found my new happy place!I followed up one of my favorite Astaire classics with another one on Tuesday night - "Carefree," with the one and only Ginger Rogers.  And I have a whole slew of other films highlighted in my schedule to round out the 2007 program which runs through September.This single screen movie house is truly a bay area gem.  Located in the heart of downtown Palo Alto, amidst bustling restaurants, cafes and shops, it's the perfect way to enjoy some true Hollywood classics on the big screen, in a nice, clean, beautiful theatre.My favorite highlights of the theatre:- Balcony seating!- Only $7 for a double feature ($5 for kids 17 & under).- Live musician playing a Mighty Wurlitzer organ before & after the 7:30 p.m. screening - at intermission, lights go on and the organ platform rises in the center of the stage!- The audience dances during intermission and are actually inspired to applaud during and after the film!- You can bring in your own coffee, soda, or water and candy and popcorn.  If they sell it, you can bring your own - How cool is that!?- Clean restrooms!- Super friendly ticket and concession staff!- Diverse audience, young and old alike.Nostalgia on a big screen + fresh buttered popcorn + coffee = happy place.  Stanford Theatre is my new addiction.  I can't wait to see some Alfred Hitchcock films here!  Check out the current program NOW! stanfordtheatre.org/stf*Cash only.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2007,10/22/2007,287,1493,4,14,6>Checked it out on Friday at 4:45pm, had to check it out after reading Helen F's review.  She was right on with everything, I just have to add my pithy comments.  In the Lawrence shopping center, next to the Galleria market, yelp.com/biz/LwchnQzN3q1I love my KDramas and have seen scenes where people go to these public/neighborhood Korean bath  houses or saunas where they are lazing in  large resting rooms, napping, watching TV, chatting and eating snacks but never knew what else goes on there, now I know.  The locker room and bathing area are very similar to japanese bath houses/spas like Kabuki Hot Springs in SF. yelp.com/biz/0rMDyrHJkvY  Smaller then Imperial Spa in SF, Korean spa/bath house.  yelp.com/biz/hlnS5wF_8Dg and PSY in San Leandro yelp.com/biz/HnmhshE4DrzLHC is more basic, bare bones for everyday Korean housewives while Kabuki is more for yuppie 30-40 somethings who drink infused teas, lemon and cucumber ice water, iced washcloths, furnishings are feng shui, large open areas and new age music tinkling in the background.At registration, you pay for your treatments, I got the all day Spa access ($18) and the Full Body Care($65).  Impressed they are open, 7 days a week, 9am-10pm.  There is a women's area and men's area but only women  get the optional packages of Body Scrub and Body Care.  You receive a locker key, 3 hand towels and a cotton robe and sent to the locker room, an ajuma helped me find my locker and told me to change and go to the bathing area and my locker number will be called for my Full Body Care treatment.  In the bathing area you have an option for stand up showers or sit downs, the sit down area was full, so one of the ajumas bathing spoke korean to me and when I answered in English, she showed me where to store my towels and bathing accessories in some cubbie holes and the stand up showers, large water dispenser outside the room, very nice of her.  They do offer Herbal Essence shampoo and conditioner but huge sizes and looks like dial soap.  I brought my own.  They also offer free disposible toothbrushes and toothpaste.  Around 6 women in the bathing/sauna area at that time.  30 minutes to an hour is ample time to bathe before your treatment.  You are supposed to go into the hot soak, around 10 women could fit, it was way too hot for me, then the warm soak around 20 could fit and then the dry and wet saunas then shower to remove your sweat then the cold plunge.  The cold plunge is a must, so invigorating.You get called to the wet area behind the plastic shower curtain, next to the saunas and you lay on massage tables covered with linoleum.  Just remember, lay on your back, then your side then on your stomach then on your side, get to know the routine so you aren't yelled at by the technician, she is brusque.  Also, the scrubbing was aggressive....I thought I was a clean person but there were these grey flecks of skin and oil all over me that she rinses off between scrubs, she must have scrubbed me 3 different times, twice with the Italy towels with Irish spring soap, then with an abrasive glove with sudsy soap.  Your skin does feel amazing after that, tingly and soft.The oil massage can be scary if you are a big girl like me, the tables don't feel that big and you are slippery on that linoleum surface with soap or oil and the technician slides you across the table to different positions.  Thank goodness I am bendy from my yoga classes.  And talk about shiatsu massage, there are thumbs, heel of the hand, forearms and elbows on you.  I am not crazy about the stomach massage.  Hope you don't mind pressure, I have a few bruises on me to prove it.  I admit, I did feel the knots were taken out of my neck and shoulders.  Around 12 women at 6:30pm when I left the soak area.Note:  Don't forget the tip, the technician will remind you and follow you to the locker room if you don't have it on you!Then it is off to the lounge/resting/ couch/TV and granite nap area.  I picked up my snacks from my locker and took them to this room to watch TV and lay on the heated granite raised area.  Loved just lazing and snacking, others were napping or watching korean TV, looked like cooking shows.  There is a hot water area and a coffee machine for .25 a cup.  They don't sell snacks like on my kdrama soap operas, so bring your own.  There are a couple of scales in the locker room and I swear, I lost 3-4 pounds of skin and water after that session.I spent around 45 minutes in the bath area, 1 hour for my scrub and massage and 30 minutes in the lounging area.  I loved it, could do this by myself or with girlfriends.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2007,10/21/2007,2065,133,6,11,13>Hold on...I hear a little bird!  CHEAP eats, CHEAP eats, CHEAP eats.  Seriously, it's hard to beat Queen's House take out special.  You get 3 main dishes and either an order of green onion pancake or steamed rice ALL for $20 bucks!  It's enough food for at least two meals and it's grubb'n!  No complaints here....Queen's House is now on Rosemarie's and my regular take out rotation!!  Sweet...
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,10/18/2007,337,1041,1,13,8>Excellent Turkish food is a find!  Sultana has an enchanting outdoor seating area and upscale decor, though almost every table had a child at it when we visited at 6:30.  The lentil soup is outstanding and I enjoyed all the appetizers (the esme was not the best I've had but the hummus was well above average).  The white bean salad was made with garbanzo beans and the appetizer platter (that was so beautifully presented!) was missing the fried zucchini.  The busser acted like he was doing me a favor to refill my water but the wait staff was excellent.  I can't wait to eat here again!  You should be able to find parking behind the restaurant.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,2/25/2011,109,213,14,14,11>Jane is the woman. due to miscommunications somewhere, my friend and i were super late. thinking we're only 10-15 minutes late....turned out we both were very late to our appointments. Jane took us in anyways....she wasn't even mad, she just looked pretty. she's smart, witty (check out her website and you'll see what i mean). she's funny, warm, and friendly. definitely someone you wanna be comfortable with while having yours waxed. she works fast and talks fast...while a movie is playing over head. you'll be confused while trying to pay attention to the movie and talking to her at the same time to realize your pain. smart right?price very reasonable. she doesn't accept tip...no matter how much you wanna force it on her. she said...."ki ki ki ki" hahahaha it's Vietnamese for "weird weird weird" i will stay true to Jane always. always.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,2/24/2011,241,320,12,11,11>I figured since i spend so much money here indirectly--through my wife--that i would actually come in and check this place out. I could instantly see why she likes it so much. It has the feel of a second hand store, but that really isn't the case at all. They have all sorts of stuff here, from clothes and shoes, to jewelry and accessories...art...books, and just all sorts of other neat little brick-a-brack. The style is definitely boho and this can quickly turn into a spendy place to shop. I bought my first pair of toms here as well as some other neat little things for the house.I don't think i would really buy anything else for myself here in terms of clothing because it's not personally really my style (cause i ain't got no style), but i can see why my wife loves it.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,2/23/2011,539,247,12,14,15>I stumbled across this charming little salon with intentions of trying this new revolutionary perm called the "digital perm" I've had perms in the past but this new computerized procedure supposedly promises looser, natural waves.  For the price of $150 with a free hair cut, it is definitely a great deal.Koreana is located off Homestead right next to What's Hot on Yelp-Gugus Pizza and Pasta. It is a very tidy, small shop where Cathy and her daughter do their magic. Esther made sure my hair was in the right condition for a digi perm. I definitely appreciated the honest consultation. She warned me that since my hair has been dyed and is already really thin I wouldn't get the best results with bouncy waves. She told me that my hair would be limp and didn't want me to be unsatisfied with the results. I definitely appreciated the input. So from there I decided to just do the normal color and trim.They gave me some Korean magazines to look at and then I pointed out a model's hair color I liked. Cathy gave me a great color I was yearning for, a medium brown color with hints of auburn. The waiting process here is definitely about half the time than normal salons. They have this steaming head wrap device that ensures your color gets infused in every strand and it definitely speeds up the process. I have never been in and out of a salon that quickly.Cathy also gave me the perfect trim I was looking for, adding subtle layers that framed my face. She also did a wonderful job with blowing out my hair. The end result: shiny,  vibrant- voluminous hair at  very good prices,  I will definitely be back for future services!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,2/22/2011,282,253,9,11,10>Oh, I have found the perfect tacos al pastor! Finally! It's even close to home!Small, cozy, nestled in a totally *secret squirrel* location ... this place is amazing! I wanted to try something new, and you fellow Yelpers steered me in the right direction. As much as I wanted to try the red snapper tacos, I had to start with my favorite ... I'm constantly on the prowl for tacos al pastor. Man, the al pastor was hot! The meat was moist, & the corn tortillas were soft and warm. Hurray! Great salsa bar, kind, friendly service, extra chips that were crisp, light and warm ... I fear this may turn into a favorite. I do love that they are located next to a bar called *Nowhere* ... the lines in the future are endless. "Now where do you think you are going tonight?" ... "Um ~ Nowhere, dear."I will be going "next to Nowhere."
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,2/21/2011,245,219,9,12,9>I love a good french dip, but a *really* good one can be hard to find.  Sometimes they're too gristly (ew, sorry), sometimes they're too fatty, sometimes they're too tall and I can't jam them into my cramhole to take a bite....but Adamson's dips are juuuust right.Naturally, it's all about the french dip at this wee eatery.  The prime rib french dip has such flavorful meat that the au jus is almost beside the point.  Seriously, try a naked bite (words to live by).  There was some concern on our first visit that the relatively soft bun might not stand up to the requisite dipping, but I am delighted to report that the bread gets the job done with no trouble.I like the meat-to-bun ratio, and the sandwich is amply sized for most appetites - apply horseradish and nomnomNOM!Service is quick and friendly - although when I tried making idle chitchat about the origin of their root beer, things got a mite terse very quickly.   I think they thought I was an undercover root beer spy sent to expose their secrets.  Don't worry, Adamson's, I was just flappin' my jaw - I don't even like root beer!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,2/20/2011,339,280,6,12,11>I really enjoyed dining at Arcadia. The first time I tried Arcadia was actually for my birthday dinner. It was perfect, nothing too fancy or a hole in the wall. Their menu is not overloaded with so many items that you're stuck looking at it for a while, they have the perfect amount of dishes. Since my birthday in December I have been there 3 times and every time I love the place even more. My favorite dish there is the Day Boat Scallops. Ah it's to die for! I love it. I've tried their New York steak and the Rib Eye steak which were really good as well. Their truffled mac and cheese is delish, but you can only have a smidgen because it's very rich. Their duck fat fries are great too. At first I was a little thrown off by the "duck fat" part of it but it just tasted like regular fries to me. The service here has been great every time I've dined here. My BF surprisingly really liked Arcadia as well and is up to dining there whenever, being that he doesn't like dining out and loves sitting at home eating whatever I concoct.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,2/19/2011,556,284,13,13,11>It's spacious.Got decent tables.Cool jukebox to play music.Offer snacks, beer and non-alcoholic beverages.Clean bathroom.Opens late.and I can't believe I've played 4 1/2 hours of pool!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,2/17/2011,891,338,11,18,14>Update: I have ordered delivery three times now from my beloved Colosseum. Tony always has a nice word to say to me and once called to tell me he was leaving for my house (and he wasn't even late). Delivery is free and great for those lazy, rainy nights. : ) ROTD!!! wahoo!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,2/16/2011,36,50,7,12,8>My daughter introduced me to Persian food several years ago and it was love at first bite.  My husband and I enjoyed a lovely lunch at Ziba, the restaurant was not very crowded and we were able to relax and have a leisurely meal.  We decided to start our meal with pieces of lavash and a trio of dips, masto-khiar, kashe-bademjan, and hummus.  The masto-khiar is  yogurt, cucumber, and mint and was a light and refreshing appetizer.  My husband's absolute favorite Persian dish is the kashe-bademjan and it is a must order for him whenever we have Persian food, the eggplant is tender and the dip is slightly sweet and contrasts nicely when a dollop of the masto-khiar is added.  I ordered the chicken kabob and opted for the breast meat while my husband ordered the Persian beef burrito.  My husband's dish had ground beef and rice with onions, tomatoes, and cucumber wrapped in lavash bread.  He enjoyed his meal, but quite frankly this was pretty messy and is not the sort of item that I would order for myself.  Of course like my husband said, who cares if it is messy as long as it tastes good?  As for my chicken kabob it was divine, the chicken was perfectly cooked and arrived at the table tender and juicy and packed full of flavor and the fluffy basmati rice was a wonderful accompaniment.  My only regret is that I ate so much lavash and dip that I didn't do justice to this wonderful dish.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,2/15/2011,154,237,5,7,6>I'm glad that Nothing Bundt Cakes opened in Sunnyvale! According to the employee, they've been opened for nearly a month now. It's a very cute shop decorated in a brown & light blue theme. Service was very friendly and they were offering samples of their red velvet cake which was very moist, light and had a nice rich flavor. On my visit, I purchased the following small bundtlets ($3.99 each): Red Velvet-studded w/chocolate chips which I wasn't expecting but was pretty good overall. There was a light amount of frosting which was nice. However, one of the 2 of these was extremely dried out. The other was nice & moist, like the sample I tried. Lemon raspberry: Very moist & flavorful lemon cake studded w/fresh raspberries. Loved this, would definitely order again. Pecan Praline: Reminded me a lot of coffee cake w/a buttermilk like cake w/cinnamon swirls through the bottom and finely chopped pecans. Was OK, I probably would try other flavors before ordering this again. In addition to the bundtlets, they offer in all of their flavor choices bundtinis (Cupcake sized bundts) by the dozen, 8" and 10" bundts for larger groups. If you're feeding a large group, you can create a tiered cake by stacking an 8" cake on top of a 10" cake. One can order a variety of colored floral and party decorations/themes for birthdays, holidays, baby showers, etc to go on top of the bundts. You can place card holders in them to hold pictures and messages as well. Choice of frosting design is an option in a drizzle for those who prefer less frosting or their original "Petals." Inside the shop are unique and fun gifty type items such as printed aprons, cake plates/servers, themed card games and dish gloves w/printed ruffly patterns (Example: Red gloves w/leopard print ruffle cuffs) on them. They also had a card rack available in case you forget a birthday card, etc. I'm glad NBC has come to Sunnyvale and I will return to try other flavors or am craving red velvet!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2006,9/11/2006,130,384,4,2,3>DAMN YOU, TARGET!!!!!!   AAARRRGGHHHHHHH!!!!You advertise that you have the new DANITY KANE special edition CD, and yet you made me get up from my warm bed while suffering from a cold and scratchy throat!!!  You have been my 4th freaking store location this week!!  AND you're sold out....AGAIN!!!  I guess you may have underestimated the amount of people who watch and follow the new sultry ladies of MAKING THE BAND 2!!!  HUH.....i think i'm done venting!!!You still get the 4 stars though...cuz you're the only store so far that actually has their CD stocked..PERIOD!!  From San Mateo to Dublin to Newark to UC, you are the only one..FINALLY!!!And even better (or worse, depending on how you look at it)...YOU were the only one (after many, many years of shopping) to get me to apply for your funky-looking (but not necessarily needed) credit card!!Table Ceramic Lamps - $50Diet Lipton Iced Tea - $6Almay Moisturizing Eye Make-Up Remover - $4Mirror - $20Platform loafers - $16Paul & Joe jeans - $25Getting 10% off --------*Priceless*I may have to visit another branch today to take advantage of the 10% again!!  ....Hmmm..maybe the stores in San Jose or Milpitas will have the special edition CD....DOUBT IT!!!  GRRRRR!!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2006,9/10/2006,88,274,1,16,3>Lemonade- yes, that's right. The lemonade here is a 10/10. It's fresh, and not too sweet. Doesn't taste like syrup concentrated lemonade you find in the grocery store, which some restaurants try to pass off as "freshly squeezed."Prawns appetizer - I believe they took it off the menu, but in case they put it back on, it's a great dish to begin your meal with.Spanakotiropita/Horopita (because of the spinach crisis, they now use wild greens) - I LOVE the cheese pies here. They are soooo good, flaky, and full of flavor. I wish they'd make them a little bigger, or add more to the portion of two.Dolmathes - I'm not  a big fan of Dolmathes, but my bf LOVES them here.Taramosalata, Melitzanosalata or Tzatziki - These are all very good, especially the roasted eggplant dip. Could use more garlic though. But I have learned that people were complaining about the garlic so now you  have to ask for more. WTH! Just chew some gum or brush your teeth. Lamb meatballs - Cooked medium, this is good shit! Accompanied with slices of cucumber and yogurt sauce.Riblets appetizer - GOOOD!!!!!!!Avgolemono Gia Dio - This is a very light cream and lemon soup with small shreds of chicken and rice. Think chicken noodle soup, but lighter with lots of lemon in it. Pretty tasty.Moussaka - Not a big fan of Moussaka, but I have ordered it here. The waiter recommended it to me as he is a big Moussaka fan and said it is great here. I tried it, was tasty, but not my preference of flavors. The waiter asked me how I liked it and I said that "yes, it's good, but not really my favorite flavors." He was gracious enough to order me Souvlaki instead. Because my  bf already had his lamb chops, he gave us free Spanakotiropita to munch on since I had to wait for my order. He also gave us TWO FREE LAMB CHOPS! And he gave us two free desserts (lava cake and the custard dessert)!  How cool is that? Mosharisia Brizola  - Rib eye is great. Yummm medium rare!Kokinisto me Manestra - Not a big lamb fan, but this lamb shank is extremely tender, falls right off the bone. Great flavor and seasoning all around.Souvlaki - I always order the beef souvlaki. It is one of my favorites. The spices are perfect, and I love the little wrapped lemon they give you. The rice is DELICIOUS, and the mushrooms too. Perfect compliments to eachother. Arnisia Paidakia - I normally don't like lamb, but the lamb here is SO GOOD!!!!!! Ordered medium rare, juicy, succulent, full of flavor. Can't go wrong here. I've made all my friends try it, even the ones that aren't lamb fans and they loved it.Raviolia - This was tasty, but I prefer their other entrees.Chicken Kabob - Very good, similar to the beef souvlaki.Fragokota - rotisserie faraona hen over almond wood with faro dolmas & baby turnips. This is very very good. But I will stick to the beef and lamb dishes as I think that is Evvia specialties. Plus, I'm a beef girl. Pacific Sea Bass - sea bass on a ragout of fresh beans, artichokes & olives with a sweet pepper dressing. This is a great dish if you are a sea bass lover. However, seafood is not my main love (meat is), but I found this dish to be tasty and light. Satisfying as well despite the lightness of it.Galaktoboureko - THIS IS MY ULTIMATE FAVORITE DESSERT EVER!!! I can't believe how perfect (to me) that this dessert is. I LOVE custard, and I love phyllo. Put them together *drool.* The pistachio ice cream is also perfect, not too sweet w/ real pistachios in it. This is the real deal. Sometimes I go to Evvia just for this.Sokolatina - This is my second favorite lava cake. (My first favorite is at the CIA in Napa). You can't go wrong with a well prepared lava cake with vanilla bean ice cream.Rizogalo - I had this a long time ago, but I remember it being very good. I love rice pudding. I just can't get myself to order anything else again except for the custard dessert or the lava cake.Metrio Greek Coffee - I have to try everything once. Greek coffee is a bit gritty (as intended) and you aren't supposed to stir it. I'm a coffee/cappucino/latte lover so this was "interesting" to me. Probably something you have to acquire a taste for. Perhaps the espresso lover would like it more?Sea bass - Very light but had the right amount of flavor. I still am a red meat girl so it wasn't as satisfying.I fell in love with Evvia the first time I ate there. Sadly, they cut their portions in half the past year. One of my favorite restaurants in the area. Great service. Waiters are honest about recommendations. See my Moussaka description. =)Beware, $20 corking fee. Oh well. ---------------------------Update---------------------------I took my coworker here for lunch. We had the spanakopita, pita dips, lamb chops, and custard dessert. He had no words to describe this meal. It was so delicious to him that he said it made his toes curl. HAHAHHA! He is also not a lamb fan, but he absolutely loved it.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2006,9/9/2006,62,156,11,5,5>This is a truly awesome mall. They have all sorts of shops. It's just HUGE. There's so much to do here if you're here with someone who loves to shop and doesn't mind that you do your own thing (read: girl).List of things you can do to entertain yourself:1. Shoot hoops at Copeland's Sports2. Bother the Apple Store "geniuses" with math questions. The best questions are Trigonometry questions.3. Eat at the California Pizza Kitchen and harass the waitresses4. Hang out at the food court checking out 16 year olds in short skirts (yeah, yeah, judge me, bastards, you do it too and you know it)5. Try on tuxedos at the rental place6. Go to Express for Men and make fun of what the sales associates are wearing7. Go to one of the 2 Electronic Boutiques. Why are there two? It doesn't make sense. There are usually kids at both stores you can beat up in Soul Calibur and talk crap to.8. Head over to Spencer's and shop for a phallis. Of course, when purchasing, one must supply the, "It's a gag gift for my friend's birthday." Always.9. Go to the pseudo-Borders and be disappointed at the selection.10. Stand outside the sword store and wonder how they stay in business.... and so forth. The best part is that it's so close to Santana Row, so you can hop over to some good eating afterwards. Good times ...
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2006,9/8/2006,179,362,1,4,7>Ahh, the memories.  Dad and I would always come here together and to me it was just as exciting as, well, Disneyland.  We would play miniature golf and go into the batting cages and hit balls. Personally, I was sort of scared of that but I thought it was cool 'cause it was with dad.  We had the special batting gloves too (he got one for me too).  We played a lot of the video games. The one I played incessantly was the one where you roll the wooden ball up the sloped thing and have to get it into different ringed holes of various values.  Yeah, that game has a name.  But I forget right now. Also I liked the one where you bopped the alligator's head when it popped out.   I loved loved loved how the little tickets came pouring out of the machine.  At which point you could take those tickets and redeem some worthless prize.  I really didn't care.  I was so happy with my dad here.  I am actually scared to go back and see it.  The rush of memories and the contrast of how I am sure it is now doing versus how I remember it might just make me cry.  As far as I know this place is a hidden gem.  As a kid it was a great castle.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2006,9/7/2006,111,429,2,1,1>I've been getting DOWN with the Bistro's lately. After a sojourn to the Santa Cruz Mountain wineries, of which Burrell School bested, it was time to get my Bistro on. Ended up in Los Gatos (CHA-CHING!) ....You know, where the Bentley Dealership is (Shallow but...DROOL!). Got a table on their back patio and served by a "mellow dude." I mean his pants coulda been on fire and he'd be all Usher voiced, "Tha's all right, it's just my pants. Lemme just go douse it out an' I'll be right back to take your order." BUT DUDE YOUR PANTS ARE ON FIRE!!!  Anyway, the staff should all have name tags that say "Cool Breeze." Our waiter pointed us in the right direction every time with both beverages and edibles. Grocery Bag of Spring Rolls is their appy gimmick, a feature not to be missed. Lightly crisped rolls are served in a mini grocery cart. Bonus Cute Points!! Salad with candied Walnuts - refreshing.  Next time I want to try the Lobster Chow Mein w/ Bacon and Arugula. This Bistro is Pan-PAN-Asian cuisine, taking it to another level. The food strives to be adventurous, but arrives at the unique comfort food level. Pricey! But hey, if you're Down an' livin in The Gatos, this a hot spot. For some this place will be too much Pan-Asian-Infusion-Confusion-Bistro-Delusion. That said, Metro respects any restaurateur that creates a bold menu, and Tapestry does that right! 4 duckets for those Spring Rolls alone! Minus a Heavy D-ucket for CUTE. Hello, CUTE and FOOD don't go together!!!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2006,9/6/2006,150,255,,3,3>When I saw Trixie J.'s review for the Antique Trove, right away I made plans to check it out for myself. While I'm not the world's most avid antiquer, there surely is a place in my heart for a great antique find. This store is huge and has an area just for grandfather clocks. It might be the largest collection of antique clocks I have seen in one place. Additionally, they have interesting vintage wall art and hangings for decent prices (less than $50). I didn't make any purchases because I'm still not sure how I'm going to do my new place. However, it gave me some decorating and design inspiration.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2006,9/5/2006,201,444,2,4,3>Well, if you drive right past this place, I wouldn't be surprised. It sits on a lot next to the Smart and Final store, and it's not much to look at. It's rundown looking, and has faded old colors on it. But if you don't stop in for a bite, you'll be missing out on cheap, good Mexican food!I got the Super Quesadilla with chicken. They're huge! For $5 you can't beat it... I couldn't finish it! The home made guacamole is so delicious, and you also get sour cream and pico de gallo with it. It's a meal! My friend got the carne asade nachos, which were also VERY GOOD.Try it, friends, you'll like it. Ignore the faded silk flowers in the vases around the windows, and just dig in to some fresh, yummy basic Mexican food!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2006,9/4/2006,0,0,5,11,5>i tried to refrain from having any sort of haircut so that i could grow my pixie cut out.  unfortunately, when i saw my friend sporting this new cut and color.. i couldn't control myself.  i just had to ask her,"who's your new stylist?"  she replied,"rhoda from 5 color cowboy!"  i IMMEDIATELY made an appointment because my friend's haircut was honestly THAT dope.  exactly four hours later, i walked out of 5 color cowboy with my own awesome cut.prior to getting my hair chopped off, rhoda explained the biology of hair to me and told me which tools she was going to use on my coarse thick wavy Asian hair.  i had no idea that i was so misinformed prior to getting a cut from her!  she had definitely schooled me on a plethora of things that i didn't know about.  it's good to know that my stylist is knowledgeable.  otherwise, i'd feel so uneasy about someone cutting my hair so short because there's NO ROOM FOR ERROR! haha  i'd probably go bald if i had a shoddy stylist.  luckily, rhoda knew what she was doing and her workmanship on my hair completely showed it.before i left, she also gave me a "prescription" pad with detailed instructions on how to style my new hair the way she did.  her blowout was insane!  i didn't think i could re-create the look after i washed my hair out.  however, it's been a week and with her directions i can easily replicate how she styled my hair while i was in the barber's seat.as for the ambience of the salon, it's pretty edgy/hip.  the dressing rooms are "oriental-style" tents.  the walls are covered with local artist david choe's works of art.  parking is readily available.i don't know if the bulldog that humped my leg is a resident of the salon.  nonetheless, he was pretty cute.  playing with him was better than reading magazines as i waited for rhoda.all in all, i had a great experience.  i wouldn't be surprised if rhoda had a cult following.  i like her work so much that i'm namedropping her to all my friends.  yes, go visit rhoda and buy tons of bumble & bumble products here!NOTE: CASH OR CHECK ONLY!  You can use CC to purchase hair products though.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2006,9/2/2006,122,553,6,2,5>I went here right after turning 21 to have a chugging contest with my mom... She beat me, best three out of 5 chugs, but only because I won on the first two pints at which point I was drunk enough to agree to a speed-drinking chugging contest with three-four ounces per round (Needless to say, I lost the next three because my motor skills were gone). The staff was amused - they even let us get behind the counter to pour our own beer, but this may have been due to special circumstances (namely, a grown woman and her daughter getting smashed in the span of 10 mintues). I love the Oasis. Great place to PARTAY. Not to mention that the place has a lot of history - my mom went there on her 21st b-day as well! That's when she earned the reputation of 'chugging queen.' Since I lost our contest, she told me I can be 'chugging princess.' How very kind...
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2006,9/1/2006,241,239,5,4,4>BF is renovating his house so every conversation that we have seems to revolves around him collecting paint chips, deliberating over a single lever versus cross handles faucet  fixtures, and seeking the perfect color of staron for the bathroom vanity.  Despite a general interest in home renovation shows on HGTV, too much of this stuff really does bore me.  So imagine my dismay when, after dinner the other night, homeboy drags me to Lowe's to find some stuff for his soon to be remarbled fireplace.  I know how this goes, I've been dragged to Home Depot often enough by mom when she was going though her upgrade the bathrooms addiction.  It's going to be impossible to locate the item, all the helpful workers will be on break, and there will be a fat line of people paying.  This is SO not an ideal date...The first thing I notice when we first step into Lowe's is how bright the store is.  It doesn't have the depressing yellow lighting that seems to plague every Home Depot.  Okay, I know, a big box hardware store doesn't need pretty ambiance but I'm glad that Lowe's at least invests in good lighting.  The second thing that's obvious is that their signing is significantly easier to navigate.  Aisle 4 "Windows and Doors".  Aisle 5 "Crap you need to install Windows and Doors from Aisle 4."  Woohoo!  We might be able to run in and out so we can get onto better activities, like him doting on me and buying me stuff.He told me he knew exactly what he needed and where to find it.  I love a man on a mission.  EXCEPT, it was just a ploy to get me in the store.  He had no clue what he was looking for and was going to peruse each and every aisle until he found something that was adequate.  OH HELL NO am I all dressed up and wandering around eff'ing Lowe's.  Tell me what the hell you need.  I'm going to find it and we're getting the hell out of here.  Yes, now I'm the woman on a mission and you best love me for it.It only took me a sec to find someone who was wearing a blue vest.  Me: Hi, umm...can you help me?  I'm, umm..., I'm looking for a piece metal that's like L? shaped.  It's got to be about this wide (forming a one inch gap with my thumb and index finger" Oh, and it shouldn't burn when placed near open flames.Lowe's Man: looks at me funny for a second, looks around and ponders which of these guys nearby decided to bring their nutcase GF on a field trip to the hardware store.  "I think you mean corner mount.  Come with me."We skip hand in hand to "Aisle 18 - Corner mounts and other metal L shaped stuff."  How the hell did I miss that sign?LM: Pointing a a rack of L-shaped metal.  "Here you go ma'am.  Is this what you're looking for?"At this point the BF saunters by and says, "Hey, you found it!  This is perfect."  He buys 16 feet of this stuff and a can of flame resistant spray paint and we're on our merry way.Thanks helpful Lowe's employee for expediting our visit so we could spend the rest of the night doing more date appropriate things.  Like getting dessert.  Then getting "dessert."
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2006,8/31/2006,8,40,13,4,3>(Note: this review contains material which was based on my experiences, in part, at the Santa Clara location - before the San Jose location existed.)The guys at work would order out for dinner so long as we weren't packed full of customers. A pretty decent portion of the time it'd be University Chicken. You should see the look on somebody's face as you're talking out with meals for 10+ adults, all working on a night shift working in manual labor. It usually took me 2 trips to get all the food into the car. I got hooked fairly quickly and decided to train up for the 911 challenge. For those who aren't in the know, you have to sign a waiver because this stuff is so hot. The rules? You get 10 minutes to eat 12 Global Thermonuclear wings. No water. No napkins. No other food. Did I mention they're hotter than Hell itself?I took the challenge. At least half-way. I was 8 wings into it and on-pace to finish on time. My tongue was swollen and numb, my throat was burning and it was getting hard to breathe without panting. That's when it happened: my eye started watering and, instinctively, I went to wipe my cheek. Bad move. A drop of sauce went into my eye and I ran to the bathroom, screaming like a bitch. My eyelid wouldn't open all the way for almost an hour and my eye was almost literally straight red.After I get my eyeball rinsed out, I headed outside for a cigarette because now I've fallen behind the clock and lost. A gallon of soda and a smoke will make me feel better, right? Wrong. It's a cold night and I'm still sweating like a pig. It feels like I'm running a fever of 120 degrees, even though it's cold outside. I'm drinking soda as fast as I can to make my mouth stop burning, not realizing that it's iced down. Never before or since have I felt like I'm roasting in hell inside yet standing naked in a walk-in freezer on the outside. I blasted the heat in my car and sucked on ice all the way home.The next day, my ass hurt like crazy. Literally. Apparently, after a certain point, your body can't process more Capsaicin, so it tries to just let it pass through your system undigested. It's somewhat like getting so drunk you just urinate and aspirate off the alcohol. It burned. Oh dear, sweet, Jesus it burned.Moral of the story: Don't try the 911 challange unless you've got some sort of trick up your sleeve that I didn't. Perhaps eating a roll of Tums before ordering would help.Now-a-days, I prefer Devil Bites (chicken strips in sauce) or maybe some Devil Spuds (french fries in sauce), never above Atomic... never again. :x~ Update, Feb 13 '07 ~ The company contacted me tonight to offer me a T-shirt and a gift certificate for my trouble. I think it's pretty high class of them... if you agree, please let the staff know next time you're in. This is the BEST use of the private messages on Yelp!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2006,8/29/2006,8,59,6,3,2>Filipinos in San Jo and the south bay, rejoice!  Your supermarket has arrived!  My gawd, never before have I seen so many Filipino foodie items jammed inside one store, outside of the Philippines.  I mean, damn, they got those bizzare yet tasty red hot dogs (ya know, for your sweet espagetti), a dozen different varieties of canned corned meat product, and balut next to the veggie isle.  I was there with my mother and aunt in-laws, and they went mad running up and down the isles grabbing everything in site, all the while some pinoy rock band was blasting over the PA system... priceless.  Don't give in to the "Oh, in the Philippines, this costs X pesos, you can get double the amount!" mentality.  Figure in the cost of a round trip plane ticket, petrol costs, buying the uncles palutan and devils gin, giving the children toys and slippers, and dealing with all the money beggers/relatives that only visit you for food, dove soap bars, towels, and your Costco sized pack of spam and corned beef, and believe me, buying at Seafood City Market is a bargain!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2006,8/28/2006,222,202,2,4,2>Okay, so I know Cold Stone is a chain, and it will NEVER compare to Mitchell's or any other small ice cream parlor, but I came up with a concoction that always hits the spot when I go here...cake batter ice cream with a brownie and caramel mixed in...good stuff, Maynard!The ice cream itself is a bit pricey and it kinda sucks that the employees have to sing when you leave a tip (a simple 'thank you' would be cool, Mr. or Mrs. Cold Stone founder person...why make your people sing?), but did you see the ingredients in the concoction listed above?As an FYI, other combinations of ice cream and mix-ins that I've tried were not as good as what I always get...hence the three stars.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2006,8/27/2006,81,0,,3,3>their dulce de leche gelato paired with the amaretto gelato is worth crossing the dumbarton bridge to get to...5 stars. AND if i could, 5 extra stars for the owner, michael, the older gentleman at the counter who serves up such flavors w/ a smile on his face EVERY TIME. :)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2006,8/26/2006,333,230,11,3,6>Netflix has been my significant other for about 3years now.And I've gotten more than a little  attached.I'm often left wondering & feeling insecure;Will I see you today? Will you be there when I get home from work??If I'm home on a lazy saturday  will you come by for a quick noon-er???Never really used "friend" feature until now.Cyberstalking at its best ;pDo a quick search of a friends queue, the netflix elves will let you know what he or she actually has in their possessionYou: Hey what are you up to tonight?Friend: Oh, don't feel like a bar, Just stay'n in and watching(insert movie title here)You: Shut Up! (insert movie title here) is on DVD already? REALLY? I've been wanting to see it. I'll bring the wine.Viola' Instant booty-call. . .
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2006,8/25/2006,93,1236,2,2,3>i've loved legos for as long as i can remember.my relatives would always buy me legos since i was really young, and when my brother came around, then we'd get even more legos... we had so much fun playing with space legos that were so cool back in the 80s.  we made pretty cool stuff together.it's pretty sad that the lego store isn't a staple for every mall and shopping area.  but the few that are around i'm thankful for and i hope they're around when i get around to having children.it's a fun interactive shop where children can sit and play in the designated play areas, there's also shelves of lego sets, from baby lego i.e duplo all the way up to the more advanced technic sets.  then there's the wall where you can grab a box and fill in with lego pieces of your choice.  i think it's priced by weight.legos are the awesomest toysUPDATE 9.18.2006 - still a 5 star place! got one of the big containers and filled up on lego pieces yesterday... actually those things go by price.  small container for $6.95 and large for $12.95.husband needed some pieces to make some molding things to cast some iron.  after he'd gotten the pieces he needed, i filled the rest of the box with coolbean lego pieces - and we were both happy!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2006,8/24/2006,58,189,11,3,6>I was going to give this a three star rating because I wanted you guys to think I disdained this Stepford town. But even though I can't afford anything and it looks like they tented an entire town and sprayed for homeless; I..umm. I really like it. I'm SO sorry. It's the opposite of everything I love about living in Santa Cruz and I'm really glad it's not in my backyard. I guess I'm just a naughty naughty window shopping ho.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2006,8/23/2006,690,683,1,10,2>Chalk up another win for the Yelp community.  I was working from the Peninsula one day last week and needed to find a decent place with free WI FI in PA to hole up and get some work done.  Well, true to the other reviews, this place was a great find... and I can't believe I had never been here before.Coupa has some fun and eclectic charm including skylights, couches and a huge stone fireplace in back.  It also has dozens of tables, almost all of which were filled with laptop-toting folks like myself.  I didn't have coffee that afternoon (it was a hot one), but I did have a refreshing raspberry lemonade and a respectable bowl of mixed olives.  Oh, and yes, the WI FI was both free and fast as promised.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/19/2005,8/21/2006,149,52,2,4,2>The food was good and so were the drinks (mmm mojito martinis), but all the people dancing (badly) by the bar were a bit cumbersome. They were in the way between me and my alcohol! *shakes fist* Someone almost went down (hint: not me). Also, our waitress was speedy enough, but seemed a bit stressed out. Crack a smile, lady; I work in the restaurant biz, too!However, that guy who looked like a hobo rockin' out to the jazz fusion band playing was awesome! Between him and zee sleazy Germans, Cascal was the highlight of my week!Oh, this place packs in tight on the weekends. Reservations recommended. They just built a parking garage near by so parking won't be a problem, even though Cascal is on Castro St.**Edit: I've been back here since and just wanted to say that the service was excellent.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2006,8/20/2006,282,395,1,4,6>Well, my editor as a practical joke teamed me up with a writer to go to Hakone Japanese Gardens because I have no patience. So we strolled in the entrance and there was little trees, little rocks, little paths, ponds with big japanese fish, called koi. In Japan, space is such a premium, every tree, every rock is placed to be harmonous and pleasing to the eye.So the writer says lets see what's up this path. I kinda look at him and was thinking I can see what's up that way, the path curves less than 50 yards to my left. I was also thinking I can run the whole course in less than 20 minutes but I was trying to get into my work, which is photographer taking cute and calm pictures. So I take the usual japanese tree in the foreground and two couple sitting on a bench out of focus way in the background, because we didn't have models and I couldn't have them recognizable.I take cute koi pictures with the sun reflecting on the water surface with bamboo surrounding the frame. I'm hating myself because there are other people with cameras and they probably have the same shot. I settle in, I get into my routine of being part of the environment so I sneaked away as much as I could from the writer. Ok, thats not too far because the paths leads to nowhere but into itself. But, I get really into my work, I get down low to the ground and every little japanese tree looks like normal big trees. This is probably not what they wanted for the story about people and nature at peace with each other and the calmness that nature brings. But, I have to do it my way or they can just screw themselves. Oh, back to thoughts of calmness.So, how can I get what I want and get what they want and I can get the heck out of here? I'm losing my mind in this calm place with the waterfall sound in my ear, I think it's manmade waterfall so it's like someone has the shower running.I go off the beaten path, jump some japanese boulders, or pebbles in the real world. Out of the darkness which was given by manmade shelters I croutch more into a little hole and out to a path that ends and there is this little boy laying down with his head sideways on his right arm and I can see that he has some kind of lizard in front of him and he's staring at it, but I see the background is large bamboo plants surrounding him. I get at an angle that you don't see the lizard but just a kid lying down on the ground with his back toward me and large stalks of bamboo and a little hole of sky speckling through numerous plants. The boy covers half the camera frame and he's big in the foreground  Click, click, click, click, done!I go back to the writer who has parked himself on a little bench busy doing his craft. He says, well Anna says you are the most impatient person she knows. Yea, I say, I know what I want and I try not to waste time. I try to explain that my eye and mind is so in tune with what I feel that it's like impulses that happens fast. Like when I meet someone, I know who they are or what person they will become and whether we will change together or apart. So do you need to shoot more while I write, he ask.No, I say I got what I need and he says may I see what you have. I flip through and I get the usual ok nod of the head and I wait a little and smile at him and he looks at me and then back at the camera to the last shot. His mouth drops and my job is done.Hakone Japanese Gardens, if you have time to linger and watch nature in japanese surroundings, this is the place.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,12/26/2009,866,266,14,14,14>To try this today, I had to agree to my wife's terms of 30 minutes on the treadmill! I took her up on it cuz this weather made it a perfect froyo day!I guess the weather had brought everyone else, cuz this place was crowded. The flavors were chocolate, vanilla, cookies n' cream, strawberry, original tart and pomegranate. All non-fat. It is self-serve, so I tried all six flavors. Then you add in whatever topping you want. They had everything under the sun for toppings - I think I added almonds, coconut, krackel, chocolate syrup, cocoa pebbles and chocolate sprinkles. The concoction weighed in about 12.5 oz (I guess since it was $4.99 and it's $0.39 per ounce).As I paid, I pointed out the "why yogurt is healthy" sign to my wife who would have none of it and only mumbled "30 minutes - you promised" under her breath. And then she picked up a spoon to share my yogurt! The yogurt was decent, toppings excellent, but what prevents me from giving this place 5 stars is the number of flavors to choose from. There were certainly fewer than Yogurtland in Cupertino, which remains my favorite.Overall, I'm definitely a fan! Will come back again! Now I had better go hit that treadmill!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2008,12/25/2009,967,1207,19,25,22>it's cute and cozy. they really shoot for the french bistro feel and I like it, even if it's in a strip mall. what do I recall having other than the red wine....the filet of beef was good, I liked the burgundy(?) sauce that it was in...the mussels wasn't half bad, true enough the white wine sauce was subtle but i like things that kick me in the taste buds...the seafood something or another was pretty good, a tad salty but I suppose that goes without saying...I was fond of the escargot and will come back for those. definitely a spot I want to check out again...anyone want to go?? ;D
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2009,12/24/2009,157,139,8,10,9>It's 89% certain that I have obsessive behavior. When I like something, or someone, I quite often overdose. Sadly I am not made of $$ or else you could find me gorging on buffalo burgers, 34oz beers, and the Buffalo chili-  all served at 'The Wagon'.When I first stumbled upon this sweet find, it was in quest for a satisfying dinner. Now I see it as a local go-to.Reasons why I LOVE Le Wagon:1. Tony the bulldog-- LOVE LOVE LOVE him2. The owners are frequently working there-- call me old fashioned but I really love supporting businesses where the owners are present. If they have enough pride to be there all the time then it means something.3. Wednesday are ladies 2-1 drink specials4. HAPPY HOUR from 3-7 with $6.50 34oz beers. GIANT MUGS of the good stuff.5. Buffalo Chili is scrumptious as well as the Buffalo Burger6. CLEAN BATHROOMS-- a girl def appreciates a clean bathroom7 They're building an outdoor amphitheater8. Great outdoor seating: THE PLAY MOVIES ON THE BIG SCREEN9. Comfortable bar stools-- great for big fat bottoms!!10. Fabulous ambiance 11. They have the BEST full bar selection: Sweat tea: MmmMMmMDef go check it out: Dinner can cost you anywhere from 10-15 smackaroos, which is very reasonable considering the deliciousness!Check it out, you will fall in love!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,12/23/2009,153,292,12,13,13>I've been back twice and havent been disappointed.  Today I was joined by John P.Here's a recap of what I've ordered the past 2 trips:1. Chile Verde burrito.2. Chicken Adobogado PlateToday's Chile Verde burrito was nothing short of amazing. I really mean it.  The pork was super break-apart-in-your-fork tender, which meant it simmered for a while and was flavored heavenly with one of the better chile verdes I've had. This wasn't just a tomatillo sauce, rather, it was a full flavored slightly spicy and well simmered chili. I'm coming back for more... this is now my favorite... especially since it is hard to find good chile verde (or I'm just picky).The last time was the Chicken Adobogado, which was chicken marinated in adobo and grilled.  I was quite happy with the dish, especially with the extra peppers and tortillas that followed with it.  I'll admit it wasn;t the highest quality chicken, but then again, being a whitey I prefer the breast whereas this was more like the hip. Many a people say this is the more flavorful piece of the chicken, either way it did not disappoint.I've also had a chance to have their margaritas... this seriously puts Carlos Goldsteins to shame. Why anyone would go there beyond seeing friends is beyond me. The margaritas here are served in a giant chalice and full of yummy fresh deliciousness for only $6.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,12/22/2009,830,598,14,15,15>SCB has been a favorite of mine for awhile....I haven't played pool with my good ol' cousin of mine and I miss doing the fun stuff we did back in the hey days. He taught me well and showing me the ropes. This was my first pool hall of learning a few technics....I ain't that great. I consider myself a newbie if I say so myself. Anyway, the staff here have been great! I wouldn't trade them for anybody. I'd come here with my cousins, his best friend, my sister and one other friend of ours making it a weekly thing. After awhile, the people here noticed we became regulars. Since then....I haven't stopped by in a long time. The tables are still stable and all the sticks are good condition....not great, but they work on all the problems when they can. They have some pretty good pizza, except not a good variety on beer. I would come back if anyone was up for some pool action. Otherwise, I'll probably stick to their touchscreen games.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2009,12/21/2009,490,412,18,14,11>Last time I had natto I thought something crawled into my roll and died.  Being the taste tester for Andrew Zimmern made me re-think that last experience and to give natto another try.  This time it came to me in a bowl and it looked alive...bubbling, sticky, and ready to strangle my taste buds.  Let's just say it will be another 15 years before I try it again.We all expect greatness from things that are hyped up.  Yelpers who set the bar high didn't  do this place justice, because I came in here expecting great.  What I got was good.The miso base was great, and so was the pork.  Noodles were average, and the bowl of natto was.......well.......natto my liking.I'll give this place another try, but next time I'll change my expectations.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2008,12/20/2009,879,323,13,24,24>My favorite Vietnamese restaurant!  Their Hu Tieu Nam Vang Kho is their specialty dish, and it is the best I've ever had!  It's chewy dry noodles with combination toppings, including ground pork, shrimp, squid, with an oily sauce and the pork broth on the side. (See Yelpers' uploaded pics: yelp.com/biz_photos/UG0E)  It's delicious!  I always tell myself to get a small, but often end up ordering and devouring a large instead.  They make so many of them in a day that it comes out in this solid piece of noodle, but all you do is pour a little bit of the broth on the side into it and mix it up with your chopsticks.  Then hoover down the deliciousness!This place is seriously a hole in the wall, so expect it to be dirty, with super quick and monosyllabic service.  But hey, the best ethnic foods come from hole in the walls!  I have been coming here on a regular basis since the place opened.  I even know some coworkers that drive from Cupertino to Nam Vang for lunch!  Remember, cash only, and they are no longer closed on Tuesdays!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/18/2009,234,115,12,12,12>So I have many problems *ahem* but one of them has been extra troublesome as of late.  I have Patello-Femoral Syndrome, which is REALLY bad in my right knee.  In laymen's terms...my outside leg muscles are much stronger than my inside leg muscles and pull my knee caps off center.  SU-PER fun...not!I go through periods when I feel fine and then periods where I walk like Igor (aka hunchback.)  I've currently been in an Igor-phase.  =\  This makes taking and, more importantly, teaching Zumba classes extremely difficult!  I heard that the gym I go to was getting some chiropractors in that specialized in A.R.T. or Active Release Techniques.  This sounded like just what I needed since the pain I have is a built up pressure that just wants to get out! SO...I called 2 days ago and they got me in for an appointment this morning at 7:30 am!  Desiree was so courteous, knowledgeable and caring on the phone.  She really put me at ease and gave me hope for my ailing body.  This morning I had another great experience with the staff by meeting Jackie, the receptionist, when I entered the gym.  She was very warm and friendly, gave me some paperwork and cracked a little joke which broke the ice.The piece de resistance was THE MAN himself, Dr. Warren!  He's a younger chap who has a great sense of humor, a calming demeanor and his knowledge really makes you feel assured that you will be well taken care of.  Be forewarned that he has thumbs of steel and is not afraid to use them to get down to where it hurts. *whimper*  But it hurts so good!  lol  He met with me for well over an hour and a half, addressed every physical ailment I have, ran many tests, gave me treatments on my knee and upper shoulder, and then gave me at-home exercises...all for a whopping $49 dollars!!!  Yes, ladies and gents - you read that right.  He's running a special for all new patients.  (I have Kaiser which means my chiro coverage sucks so I'm forced to go elsewhere.)  He's very accommodating to people without coverage and stresses that if after 6 visits you aren't feeling as good as new he won't continue to take your money.  Instead, he'll encourage/ refer you to see another doctor to make sure it isn't something more serious.  I'll be back there on Monday morning bright and early.Now after only one visit I'm walking upright with little to no pain or pressure.  YIPPEE!  Thank you so much to Dr. Warren Sloan and the staff at TLC in its new location inside of Extreme Fitness Silicon Valley!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2008,12/17/2009,733,936,11,16,14>Haven't stayed here but have gone to the bar for Happy Hour many many times since it's across the street from my work.  I've heard this is a nice hotel, by the look of things, they've been upgrading the beds and TVs.  We see them as we walk through their garage to Le Boulanger or Tartini.The bartenders are nice and they have a great outside patio area for summer happy hour and a decently sized indoor bar area for the winter.  I've been here for bon voyages, birthdays, global conference dinners, and quick team drinks.I've also attended a few seminars here including one for the GMAT and it's up to par with what you'd expect from your average upscale hotel.  Parking is a little scarce even in the structure and entry into their lobby is a little cramped due to the drive thru area being between several buildings including Armadillo Willy's.Went last night and got to know my new VP over a few beers and talking about Bay 2 Breakers and the Muddy Buddy Run.  How can you not like that?
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,12/16/2009,360,78,14,10,12>Remember your artsy friends in college who all squished into one little apartment with cluttered bits of art, ironic knicknacks, undone dishes and a Haight-Ashbury soundtrack? Visiting Good Karma Vegan house is kinda like visiting those friends. (If you didn't have those friends... then come check this out. It will be like you never missed anything.)So we stopped by this place before the YEE at the Fairmont last weekend. (Anticipating that if I didn't eat before, I would be starving as I jealously watched everyone else consume non-vegan, Havana Nights snacks!)As we walked into to this very casual, kinda cramped, little vegan spot, we began to scan the menu. Because that's what you do, right? ...Uhh. No. Not here. The guy behind the counter looks at us kinda odd and said something about a rotating menu... I said, "We've never been here before." He said... "Oh. you just pick from the case. Not the menu. This is what we have today. You pick like 2 or 3 items. The pork buns are extra." So we looked in the little deli case, unsure of what we were looking at (no labels) and asked... "Soooo what's all this stuff?" They call their vegan fair by meaty names "pork bun", "chicken satay"... This confused and excited my boyfriend- he jumped on the GIANT Pork Bun for $2.50. Feeling like he was save 30 bucks over his go-to, Sino. No, no.. it's ALL Vegan.Remember those college friends I was talking about? Basically it works the same here at Good Karma as it did back then... you kinda head to the fridge and say, "Whatcha got to eat" as you stare at the options. Make your selections and then they throw it on a plate and nuke it. Oh. No. I am not kidding. Microwave. As in. We had to ask them to reheat because it was still cold in the middle. I offered out a 20 spot, ready to exchange my cash for a receipt while my plate rotated on high for 3 minutes.  I mean. Usually when you order from a deli case you also pay at the counter. Again. Not here... He said, "Oh. You can just pay when you're done". (It almost sounded optional.)"Oh. Okay.", I said awkwardly. "Sooooo... uh, can we sit?... Jjjjuuust anywhere?""Oh. Yeah." He said. "So... uh. Ok. So. We'll just sit at the bar?..." (Not a lot of options.) We headed over, sat down, and waited for our food.My bf gave the no-pork bun a shot. (He really just likes the bready stuff with that crazy hot sauce that has the rooster on the bottle anyway)I had the Chana Masala, steamed veggies and some other tofu, saucy thing. We threw in a PBR and called it a day. All this for 18 bucks.  Not the best deal in town. BUT. Anytime I can pick ANYTHING off the menu without asking a million questions and making at least 5 substitutions or changes, I'm a happy camper! It all kinda works. I mean. It's like when you go camping. You just go in to it understanding that you're gonna be dirty for a few days. You go into Good Karma understanding that you're hanging out in someone's kitchen, not so much "dining out". Personally. I love it. Local art. A staff who isn't annoyed by my animal-free eating. AND the most laid back environment ever... I left feeling full... and like I revisited my super early 20's.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,8/9/2011,217,164,11,13,9>I love this store! Imagine Whole Foods and Trader Joes having a baby, and you get Sprouts! They have a wide variety of organic as well as non organic fresh produce and other grocery items. The have some of the best prices I have ever seen. Their fresh meat section is so reasonably priced, you can get 2 very decent good cuts of meat for like 3 dollars, no joke. On top of that, their vitamin section is HUGE and WAY cheaper than any other health food store. They give you 10% off if you stock up and spend 100 dollars or more and always have something on sale!The have a good selection of Vegetarian items as well as Vegan items both fresh and frozen. Definitely give this place a try if you like Whole foods or Trader Joes, or both!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,8/8/2011,578,151,10,8,9>PROS: This is the place for random shopping. I'm always a fan of trying new snacky-snacks and I've found some of my FAVORITE snacks at this market. Corn bo snacks and white chocolate butter cookies are good, the cheese cake (which is more like a mamon, sponge cake) is GOOD! CONS: It's a bit pricey for some snacks, but the ones that I've found are well worth it. I'd happily pay $4.00 for a little box of cookies if the cookies feel like a party in my mouth.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,8/7/2011,339,173,19,20,17>After weeks of listening to Vi hype up the deep fried pho, last week I was fortunate to experience Thien Long with both Vi and Donna. Deep fried pho, how could I not try this? But the question remained, would it live up to how delicious as it sounds? Mmmmm we will soon find out! ^_^Upon walking in, I was pleasantly surprised as the restaurant had a clean interior and exterior. They also have two large flat screen TVs, how many Vietnamese restaurants (not coffee shops) offers that?Though it was already predetermined, Vi and I shared:- #36 Cha Ca La Vong (mix of grilled fish and grilled pork)-#39 Pho Ap ChaoFor the Cha Ca La Vong (media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp), we actually did a mix of the grilled fish and grilled pork. On the side you get rice paper, rice vermicelli noodles, side of fresh vegetables, and two types of dipping sauces. This is one of their signature dishes and wow, it surely didn't disappoint! While the pork was good, the grilled fish was simply amazing! Despite being really full towards the end of the meal, I kept eating more grilled fish. x_XThe Pho Ap Chao (media2.ct.yelpcdn.com/bp) - Deep fried pho with stir fried beef and vegetables over a delicious gravy-ish sauce. That's right, deep fried pho! Glancing upon this dish when it arrived to our table, I thought the pho looked like steak fries. The noodles were crispy on the outside while still soft on the inside. It was very similar to Chow Fun, which I am a fan of! So did it live up to the hype? Yes, I think it did! In fact, I want more as I type.Summary (4.25 Stars): Thien Long offers quick service, a clean interior, but it's CASH ONLY. The Cha Ca La and Pho Ap Chao live up to the hype found in many of the reviews. On my next visit I want to try a regular bowl of pho, especially since it's been cold as f!@# lately.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,8/6/2011,878,405,16,22,16>For the past couple of times I've dined in, I can actually say that I'm a fan of this small authentic restaurant.  Although, It really took me one visit to figure that out.  I mean, how can you not love a place that makes your clothing smell like grilled seafood all night long?!  Had to try their Soy Sauce Ramen, pretty hearty and perfect for a cold night.  The Salmon Skin Salad was refreshing with flavorful and crunchy salmon skin, just the way I like it. I wish I had more of it!  What I didn't wish I had more of was the mountain yam that came with this dish.  It had a weird slimy texture, but very memorable!  Their seaweed salad was average.  Above average were the Salmon Toro (grilled belly of salmon) and the Gindara Kasuzuke (marinated and grilled sea bass).  Now I know why this place is smoky at times and exudes strong grilling fragrances!   Another favorite of mine is their Okra Okonomiyaki.  This Japanese style pancake with okra is a must have!  Perfect for sharing!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,8/5/2011,214,339,8,9,10>Came here this past Friday for their grand opening party. Honestly, I was expecting the rowdy SJ crowd that often parades downtown, but it was a nice mature crowd. People weren't pushy or belligerently drunk! The structure of the venue is just like the former Tiki lounge, but they gave it a well improved make over. Ultra-lounge is how I'd describe the interior. The outside area has a few VIP tables with plush white couches. There's a small dance floor next to the DJ's stage and a couple of tables throughout the common area. Although it wasn't very crowded when I went, I can see it getting jam packed  because there's limited walking space. The cocktails from the bar weren't very strong. Which isn't a problem for me, but for others, yes! I'm glad they reopened this place and gave it a new look and feel. Definitely coming back!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,8/4/2011,853,359,15,18,13>This is a fun place that's worth a trip. First off I'm going to say that if you are friends with an engineer you should leave him or her at home. They can be a serious buzz kill with all of the cool illusions. $5 parking and $5 tour fee with the famous MYSTERY SPOT bumper sticker as a souvenir at the end. Definitely a good price for a fun little tour. They take you on a tour of a little shack and some surrounding areas. It's a lot of fun and you really do feel like you are standing at odd angles and able to hang from places in weird ways. There are many awesome photo opportunities. The tour isn't too long and the place can be a bit crowded but it's still a lot of fun. The tour guides are all super nice...really chill...like super chill. After all you are in Santa Cruz. The Mystery Spot is definitely worth a stop.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,8/2/2011,599,803,7,13,9>I had the honor of being a Project Leader for Hands on Bay Area's Be The Change Day on October 2, 2010 and we got to have the event at Sacred Heart Community Service in San Jose. This was a Saturday where there are no clients/customers coming in just volunteers working to gear up for the week. Also if you volunteer here please park in their lot or on the street and look at the signs.  You will get towed if you parked in Denny's or Wendy's. The event was absolute smooth sailing with about 85 volunteers.  This place is a well oiled machine!  Volunteers checked in and we started splitting everyone into different groups to where we needed people to work.  There was a Sacred Heart Community Service lead for each station.WE ARE ALL VOLUNTEERS.  Nothing is better than giving back especially if you have time and all of you have time.  This event was from 9am to noon.  3 HOURS.  This organization helps people in the area that are registered homeless or extremely low income. You take advantage of the fact that some children in this area don't get 3 meals a day. :*( Some of the areas of work we had were: - donation area to sorting out donations that people will drive up to donate- making brown bags full of canned goods- hanging clothes- sorting produceThere were plenty of bathrooms to use and we also brought Hobee's coffee cakes for people to enjoy. Lots of coffee, water, snacks to take breaks because some of the tasks could be a lot of hard work. Its totally fun and you'll meet great people!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,8/1/2011,91,119,8,11,11>4 Stars for being an authentic,timeless British pub in the most unlikely of all places, an asian shopping center in Cupertino, Ca.3.5 Stars for the quality of the traditional English pub fare.It seems like the Duke got off the train at the wrong stop. It is a complete misfit in this somewhat upscale Asian shopping center; not fitting in with the crowd of noodle shops and tea houses. In its own lonely corner of the market place, the pub stands alone with its Union Jack waving in the breeze.  This is a great place for an unhurried dinner and for meeting friends for long conversations and laughter over pints of beer or glasses of wine. There is no rushed feeling here.The pub is as cozy and friendly as those found across the Pond. With its timeless appeal and a lively bar with plenty of free flowing beer on tap, the Duke Of Edinburgh is as British a pub as you can get. You first note the decor upon entering with its well worn feel; red felt wallpaper and heavy velvet curtains and cushions. Yes, it is a little tacky, but for some reason, it seems cool. There has always been a lively crowd. The air is filled with the laughter of people having a jolly good time and English accents can be heard amongst the lively banter. Dartboards are frequently in use and the flat screen TVs display some game (usually soccer) within easy viewing. On a recent visit, one of the TVs had some sort of truck logging show on which I couldn't help but glance at. No sound added to this bizarre reality show. And how come truck loggers have a show and I don't?  This is the comfortable mood found here; where watching timber fall on TV seems a-okay. The wait staff is very friendly too with a display of easy going humor.The fish and chips are very good, although I do remember getting soggy peas with this in London. Skipping the peas seems like a good idea. The bangers and mash and Shepard's pie have been good on past visits. This food is true British cuisine and heavy for sure, but you don't come here for vegetarian delights. There is a "plowman's" lunch which consists of a "slab" of aged cheddar and slices of hearty bread, served with sliced  tomatoes, perhaps still not a vegetarian "delight"?  The Scotch eggs, which I had never heard of, are popular as well.  A visit to the Duke of Edinburgh is a bloody good time. With the cheerful tavern feel and the authentic British cuisine, you can enjoy a pint of brew, with what feels like the locals. I only wish I could step outside and walk down a cobblestone street instead of getting into a car and heading for the highway. The Duke may be misplaced in this corner of Cupertino, but we and plenty of other Brit pub loving souls have found their way to this cheerful establishment in a distinctly oriental spot. Two worlds living in peaceful harmony...delightful!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2010,7/31/2011,830,598,18,20,22>"Shhh"....that's their motto when you think of Nha Em. In Vietnamese translation it means, My House. You'll definitely feel like you're at home...GUYS!Of course, partying is my kind of lingo when you talk to me. So, as any other weekend, my intuition after leaving a Korean Bar, my friends and I wanted to continue partying. My friends suggest to go check this place out. Wow! Thank goodness they mentioned to go here.EYE CANDY! Any direction your eyes may wander, you'll probably have a hard time taking your eyes off the girls parading in their undies serving you food and drinks. YES! The guys were in heaven. Drooling over the TV screens, food, alcohol and the girls. Or, it could be possible it was the inhibition of alcohol that was prohibiting them to not touch the scantily clad girls. May I say they are very friendly and will talk to you. Careful to not be bothered with the Karaoke music but you're better off coming on the weekends. They have certain events they throw with live DJs. Various music is always played. =)MONDAYS: FootballTUESDAYS: Bikini TuesdaysWED-SAT: Add them on Facebook for more infoThe restaurant/bar is not your typical QUAN NHAUS. Decorative, clean, and food is enjoyable to eat after a couple of cheap Heineken beers for $3 a pop. Order the Bo Lac Lac (Shaking Beef). I salivated after the two plates were gone. Menu items are typical as well as their prices. Who cares! The fun is in the good company you have!Plenty of parking, a bit cramped spacing, but you will leave the place truly drunk and happy at the end of the night. We sure did. But Shhhh...you didn't hear it from me.FYI...ask for Maddy!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,7/30/2011,348,169,8,17,11>This review is for the STUDENT UNION ONLY-- not the whole campus.I'm actually a fan of the Student Union.. Since my freshman year, I've spent many many countless hours killing time at this time. It was definitely a GO TO place if you have gaps during your classes and it's the closest place to grab a quick bite on campus. The cafeteria is not bad.. they have a wide selection of food from Panda Express, Mexican food, soups, SUSHI, make your own salads, Subway, Jamba Juice, COFFEE, cereal, fresh fruits, chili fries, etc. I don't know the names of all these lil places, but a few that I have enjoyed:Carne asada quesadilla - It's about $5 and the portions are HUGE. I can never finish one by myself and I usually end up picking at the meat by the end. They have other stuff too like breakfast burritos, regular burritos.. although I've never tried those. Sushi - It's about $6 for most of them.. they're alright. They're good for a quick sushi fix-- and by quick, I mean I was literally stuffing this down my face in my 5-10 minute break between classes.Make your own salad - Not sure the name.. but you can tell them what you want and don't want in it or you can pick from the selections they already have offered. I normally get the honey mustard spinach with chicken. It also comes in this cute little convenient paper box that you can carry around or fold away if you're in class.It's a cool place to chill, study, NAP, or meet with your study group since snacks and beverages are not very far away ;)
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,10/19/2014,149,104,10,24,16>GREAT SCOTT!!! I've been here three times for several different recruiting events with the Big 4. This seems to be the go-to spot. I've sat out on the patio, next to the window, and even in their banquet room. Can't say I'm used to this high caliber of fine dining but I really enjoy the ambiance here. It's not snooty and pretentious but welcoming. Plus, the view...Oh man, since Scotts Seafood is located on the top floor (take the elevator), the view was STUNNING. And even that's an understatement! This place is known for their seafood. I've had their seafood linguine, calamari, oysters, bbq chicken sandwich, herbed chicken breast, pistachio gelato, and raspberry jack dessert. We had the calamari and oysters as appetizers. I personally enjoyed the calamari more and the sauces it came with were great! For my main entree, I gravitated towards the seafood linguine because it comes with a medley of different seafood (scallops being one of them). It was just alright and can be messy to eat because of the tomato sauce. I wouldn't say it's the BEST seafood I've ever had but it sure tasted fresh. On the other hand, my friend ordered the ahi tuna and THAT looked exceptionally tasty! I made a mental note to order that if I ever come back.Eating here will set you back. I mean, gelato served in a stemmed glass cost $8. I can't complain since I did not pay.  Cost aside, I would definitely come back for a special occasion. The presentation, the view, the atmosphere...You're paying for the Scott Seafood experience after all! Plus, it's one of the nice few romantic dining spots in San Jose if you don't want to stray too far.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,10/18/2014,440,254,10,17,12>I'm happy there's finally a Shabu House in the south bay!  Gone here twice already and quality and service is solid. I haven't tried the AYCE because a large order is more than enough food, they really do give a large portion compared to other local shabu places. American Kobe Beef - Good quality. Beef has nice marbling. Assorted veggies plate - Comes with each order of meat. They don't skimp on the veggies like other places, such a plus! Veggies include spinach, napa cabbage, enoki mushrooms, 1 large shiitake mushroom, baby carrots, tofu, and even udon noodles. Broth -  3 broths to choose from: traditional water, spicy miso, and ginger chicken. I've tried both the spicy miso and the chicken ginger. I love spicy food so I'm partial to the spicy miso. Both broths have good flavor. Dipping Sauces - Ponzu & sesame sauces are good. Yes, its sesame, not peanut, but I understand how people can be confused. Both sauces are more concentrated here, but that's good because the sauces get diluted anyways due to dipping. Less need to ask for a refill on the sauces like I do at other spots.Appetizers:Agedashi Tofu - The tofu is fried, but stays nice and soft. Agedashi sauce is on point. It's topped with bonito flakes.shumai  - Delicious. It's shrimp shumai that's fried! Comes with dipping sauce. Dessert:Free ice cream! Options are green tea & red bean. Or you can just ask for both and get a scoop of each! Only improvement would be for them to have split pots like other places. Because there's no split pot you can only get 1 broth when being seated at a table for 2. The only way to get your own broth would be to sit at the bar.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/16/2014,10/17/2014,98,34,15,18,16>I really liked the ambience here. The decor was totally style, modern but still a little rustic. I ordered the French Toast, which came topped with fresh berries, powdered sugar, and some syrup in the side. They were very tasty, but nothing mind blowing. Then I tried some of my nephew's pancakes. Hands down the very best pancakes I've ever had! Fluffy, sweet, and full of flavor, they didn't even need syrup. I got a little sad that I didn't get the pancakes for myself =( I wasn't overly impressed with the menu. The breakfast menu was limited of choices. When I go get breakfast I like a combination of foods: eggs, bacon, pancakes, hash browns, etc. Here, I received only the French toasts. Ok, I could have dealt with that if it filled me up, but it didn't. And for the price that I paid, I could have had a complete breakfast across the street at Bill's Cafe. Overall, the food was delicious, but when I'm really hungry and I want to get filled up at breakfast I'll pass.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,10/16/2014,309,180,20,28,24>Macaroons and ice cream. That is all anyone needs to tell me and I will be there.The service was very nice and their ice cream is creamy and delicious.  There was no wait on a Tuesday at about 7ish and the the girl behind the counter asked us if we wanted to try any flavors.  We got to taste as many as we wanted!  We did not really know what to do, so they explained to us the process.  I was sad that the macaroon ice cream sandwiches were a dollar more than the cookie ice cream sandwiches ($4.50 compared to $3.50), and I was not sure if it would be worth the extra dollar.  I looked at the cookies in comparison to the macaroons and they were about the same size.  The snicker doodles were the largest cookie and slightly bigger than the macaroons, but since those were the only ones larger I decided to just go for the macaroons.  They did not however have any pistachio macaroons when we asked but they did bring out fresh vanilla macaroons. I was a little disappointed, but I was happy that the vanilla macaroons would be fresh.Since I have a peanut allergy, I asked if there were any peanuts in anything.  They did not know what contained peanuts and I was advised not to eat anything since everything may contain peanuts...Boo................. -_____-BUT that did not stop me from eating their products anyway...  I went with a safe bet, the black marble raspberry ice cream because it was delicious and because it was far away from peanut flavors.  After you pay, you take your number and they bring you your sandwiches to your table. My vanilla macaroon with black marble raspberry ice cream sandwich was delicious! The ice cream was amazing and the macaroon just made it even better!  The macaroon was chewy, almost like a cookie but crispy on the outside.  There are a couple things that I thought were strange.  I felt uncomfortable that when they ask you to pay with a credit card, there are tipping options on the iPad.  At a dessert place like this, I wouldn't think tipping would be necessary.  The second thing, I can give them a pass this time just because they are new, is the fact that they did not know which products contain peanuts.  In the future, I would hope they would know which cookies and ice cream flavors have peanuts if I ask. Overall, I really like this dessert place!  The parking could be better and there is a $5 minimum charge on credit cards. The location is right next to Tpumps and there is indoor and outdoor seating. The service was great and very helpful. It is on the pricier side and it is more expensive than Cream, but for something different this is worth a try!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,10/15/2014,767,308,15,14,21>With the recent opening of an 85 Degrees location in Cupertino, I didn't expect a Paris Baguette Cafe to move into the Strawberry Park plaza. But hey, I'm not complaining - the more bread, the merrier Jennifer K.I waved an imaginary white flag above my head as I walked through the doors... I instantly broke my diet as my eyes met with the grand display of croissants, fruit pastries, buns, and cakes. Yup, today was definitely a cheat day.This time around, I opted for a coffee bun, peanut crumb bread, sweet potato pastry, and walnut cream cheese bread. I finished all four items in less than 12 hours... PLUS shabu shabu, soft serve ice cream, and half of an In-N-Out double-double cheeseburger and animal style fries. I'm currently lying in bed, cradling my stomach. But I have no regrets... on cheat days, you go hard or you go home.The workers here seem a bit young and somewhat inexperienced, but the service was very friendly. The manager was very helpful when answering my questions and even hooked it up with a free shot of espresso!I'll most likely be frequenting this PB location over the Cupertino and Santa Clara locations, since I pass by it to and from work every day. Please pray for my wallet and stomach.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/14/2014,230,35,24,22,23>"We are here to drink beer. We are here to kill war. We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us." - Charles BukowskiFirst off, welcome back to me for like a half a year hiatus from review ranting.  Whew!  I'm like a good scent in the wind, brief, memorable and wonderful in the moment.  Ha, I'm an idiot cas' I just described myself like a fart.  Yes!  Anyways, soak in the nonsense when I decide to "put pen to paper."  Now, Mr. Bukowski was a man after my heart.  I'm a "middle-class socialite" with American lowlife tendencies.  Like Charlie, I enjoy the simple pleasures in life, which is drinking while spouting utopian ideals (by utopian, I mean coming to terms with the life I've been granted and always finding that illustrious silver lining in all things) to strangers.  I'd like to imagine that we'd blend idiosyncrasies and morph into one crass and #YOLO-tastic being that would be worshiped with growlers of beer and a license to rip this world apart to reveal its soft gooey center of awesomeness.  Next life, fo sho.   So, I definitely found a focal point in the heart of DTSJ to spread the wise words of CB.  Mosaic is a rare find, basically because they put up with me while serving me with a heavenly selection of craft beers.  Let's be real, don't forget I'm "middle-class" and my initial interest in coming to this establishment was for the fact that they have...ready?...you sure?...take a deep breath before I learn you some life changing knowledge...HAPPY HOUR EVERYDAY from 5-7pm!!!  Every day that ends in 'y,' you can enjoy half off appetizers/bar bites and 50% off ALL BEERS.  Talk about beer waterfalls, all day, errryday.  If you're unconvinced, which is impossible because I so eloquently laid out the only fact that should get your brain and soul ready for 5 o'clock, then the service is phenomenal.  Les, Matt, Bea, Vanessa, Kevin, Kristina & Liz are some of the best first string industry folk you'll ever have the pleasure of receiving your libations from in the Bay.  The food is Asian fusion.  Pork belly buns, crab cakes and nachos.  The restaurant is located in the Four Points by Sheraton, so that means clean and up-kept bathrooms (I know some of y'all are germaphobes, you're welcome).  Parking is the typical downtown cat and mouse stalking.  Parking on 3rd isn't so shabby though.  Best bet, Lyft and/or light rail that bizness since you'll surely be inebriated by the time it's all said and done and if you're doing IT right.Ok, enough said!  Join me and Charles Bukowski's spirit for a Brother Thelonious at 5pm today.  Drop the pretentiousness, responsibilities, ambitions and make your way over to live the way you should, stress-free and life-loving.  Word.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,10/13/2014,440,163,9,17,15>Finally a good boba place in East Side San Jose that isn't a Tapioca Express or Bambu! Went here on Saturday and I was so ecstatic to see that there was Roasted Milk Tea on their menu! Besides the really cute interior (loving the bright pink walls!), their extensive selection of drinks is very impressive! If you can't decide what to order, the staff is super friendly and is willing to let you try free samples of any drink you want. Score!The Roasted Milk Tea was delicious and tastes exactly like Cha Times! It wasn't too sweet and it has a really nice roasted taste to it, similar to Hojicha tea. They also have different sweetness levels but I found that regular amount of sugar was perfect. I guess I won't have to endure long trips to Oakland or Foster City for this refreshing Roasted Milk Tea anymore! This will definitely be my new go to place for boba in San Jose!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/12/2014,64,62,23,30,26>Top 3 Ramen Spots in the Bay (IMO): 1) Orenchi     2) Ramen Dojo     3) Ramen Parlor Here I thought arriving right when the restaurant opened for dinner, at 5:00 pm, would make a difference. Total rook move. Smart patrons report to the restaurant approximately 30-45 minutes before the place opens for dinner. (See attached photo of the ravenous mob). The heckk, there's a second page on the waiting list already?! -___-  Cheers to an hour and a half wait. I always order the Orenchi Ramen (Tonkutsu: pork flavor), with extra bamboo shoot and mushroom, for a provocative crunch. The noodles are springy and fresh. My first sip of the rich Orenchi Tonkutsu broth, with its tantalizing aroma of green onion, pork, and fat, continues to be a singular, inimitable experience for me. The pork meat itself is luxurious on the palate due to the delicate amounts of visceral fat that adorn each piece. In addition to the ramen, we ordered our treasured appetizer, the 6 piece Karaage (Fried Chicken). Burnished to a dark golden color, the exterior of the fried chicken is perfectly crisp and light. Mmm inside though? FUHHH. Steaming, plump, and moist a** chicken. R.I.P. Jollibee Chicken Joy. This is what dreams are made of. Make sure to order a side of spicy mayo for the Karagge, which costs $0.50. I got to try Orenchi's own Age Takoyaki (Deep Fried Octopus Dumpling) for the first time. Don't know what sauce it is smothered in, but I'm pretty confident it's the La Vic's Orange sauce. The outside layer is very crisp and once you bite into a piece, the filling just kinda spills into your mouth, which is pleasant. Delish, but the extra appetizer could put you over the top, if you're ordering for just 2 people. Always a tasty experience at Orenchi! Uh I'll be sure to arrive 45 minutes prior to 5:00 pm next time. -________-
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,10/11/2014,322,149,11,17,13>We were treated to a lovely lunch by a good friend - what a treat! LB was pretty quiet on that Saturday afternoon which was fine by us. We were seated in the patio area & enjoyed the sunshine while sipping some cocktails. I ordered the Viva Sandia which is fresh watermelon & tequila deliciousness. I could have slurped those down all afternoon, but I refrained. To start, they bring out hot sourdough rolls & olive bread. Bread is my vice so it's tough to pass. I'm glad I didn't, with butter it was so goood - another refrain moment. Dang it! I also had their caesar salad to accompany my steak. Trying to keep it a bit light during lunch. When the caesar came out I immediately thought it was overdressed, but I was wrong (I hardly ever am). It was perfectly light & a refreshing salad, also enough to share between two. Enter steaks. Perfectly presented & seared, but I digress, the service was spot on. Waters refilled promptly & cutlery was changed out before the steaks. We were also checked on numerous times by our server. Back to the steaks. I had the petite filet which was 6oz. They cooked mine as requested, rare. The boys each had ribeye's cooked to a medium rare perfection as well. All of our steaks had a nice flavor & seared nicely outside. They also have a variety of sauces to choose from as well as side dishes. As far as steakhouses go, this one is a gem. I'll be back for more.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/10/2014,694,1142,8,14,12>$7.95 for delicious, delightful, customized pizza that doesn't make you fat as lard. I have been reluctant for the longest time to trying out Pieology as I believed most pizza establishments already allow some level of customization--so what makes this one any more special?I love that every ingredient is in front of you and you can build the pizza of your dreams from bottom up. The combination options are endless. It also helps that everything on your pizza is so delightful and colorful to look at, how can you go back to those boring brown-colored pies again? No matter how long the line is, there always seems to be a table available and your pizza is always brought out in less than 10 minutes. It's like the people behind Pieology finally found the algorithm to the ultimate pizza because I am in love with it.Now just like every other female reviewing this restaurant, the next question is...when's the wine coming?
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2007,6/15/2007,201,444,5,9,7>People, people, people.... if you drive and occasionally have car problems, then THIS is where you have to take your car. Whether it's a domestic or import vehicle, Hung is your man.What he lacks in ambience, he makes up for with honesty, know-how, and hard work. I've been going to him for probably ten years, if not more. I used to drive a little '89 Nissan Sentra. Once it started to get old and used, I had to get work done on it. I didn't even get a quote from Hung most of the time because it was my only car, and I'd just ask him to "fix it!"And fix it he would The price of this was ALWAYS less than I'd expect to pay. In fact, a couple times after he told me how much, I'd ask him if he even looked at the problem because it sounds like he just changed the oil. He used to do that without asking because I never was consistent with that kind of stuff, and then he wouldn't charge me for it, either. One time when I got my car back, I realized something was odd... my radio was working. It never worked because I didn't have an antenna. Well, Hung found one at the P&P for my car, and connected it without charging me, or telling me! THAT'S SERVICE!!Now that I have my Mini, Mini of Mountain View does all the work. (It's part of my service package, and I don't get charged.) So Hung only gets to work on hubby's Civic now. But he does it with the same kind of service, the same low prices, and with the same results: HAPPY DRIVERS.If you speak Vietnamese or English, then you won't have a problem communicating with him. I think he has some help now that speak Spanish. So go on in and let him know that you heard about him on Yelp from Shari (who now has a Mini, but had a Nissan Sentra) and even though he'll probably look at you funny over the word "Yelp", he will probably know who I AM. He rocks, people!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2007,6/14/2007,202,399,5,8,9>For years, I've been wanting to come here after a venture into the forest, but haven't. Fortunately, we were all on the same wavelength after our hike the other day and made a quick decision to go to Alice's. Though it was a little nippy sitting outside this time of year, they had heaters by the tables. And the place is great for people-watching. I didn't notice a lot of spandex, but there were a lot of grey-haired middle-agers clad in leather head-to-toe with their blackberries clasped to their belts. It was easy to envision them on another day in their corporate garb. Alice's is pretty much legendary, not only as the subject of Arlo Guthrie's song of the same name, but as a stop for people cruising through on their bikes, both motorized and not motorized. As for the food: Get a burger. The other reviews have more detail about the specific burgers, but trust me: The burgers rock. And the hot chocolate. And the locally brewed beer. And the onion rings too. Oh, and I can't forget the garlic fries...shoot! Just GO the next time you're in the area! It's worth a stop. :)
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2006,6/13/2007,58,189,9,2,4>If nothing else, I love this place because it is one of the only places you can get a decent drink at the mall when it's Christmas and you are ready to stick a pin in your eye. Also, if you are really poor and can only afford one drink and no food because you spent it all on your ungreatful relatives, you can get bread and butter.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2006,6/11/2007,210,126,4,5,7>Because sometimes only the big screen can do Salman Khan and those over-the-top Bollywood dance sequences true justice ... Theaters are clean and comfy (this is crucial given the three-hour run time for the average Indian flick).The concession stand offers samosas as well as popcorn, but you may not want to linger - something about the lobby lighting makes you feel like you stepped into a Vegas casino off the strip, and not in a good way.  You'd be better off grabbing some chaat at Dana Bazar (yelp.com/biz/tq7nfb7g2ai) before or after.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2007,6/10/2007,558,487,11,30,22>Forget Belgian waffles, fluffy buttermilk pancakes, brioche french toast, omelettes, country sausage and whatever else most people eat for breakfast. In my book, there's no better way to start the day than with a "silog," a Filipino breakfast of garlic fried rice, topped with a couple over-easy eggs and your choice of sweet or salty meats. Filipinos love to combine words and names (don't you know someone somewhere named Marivic?). "Silog" is a suffix referring to the fried rice (sinangag) and the eggs (itlog), and the dishes are named accordingly: tapsilog (tapa, the original silog) tosilog (tocino), adobosilog (chicken adobo), longsilog (longanisa), SPAMsilog - (SPAM!), friedchixsilog (fried chicken), etc. etc.I was skeptical of Cherry Garden because they say they're a Filipino Chinese restaurant and I'm not really into restaurants that specialize in more than one type of ethnic cuisine. And despite the fact that they have a full menu of Chinese food, I'd actually only go here because they serve Filipino breakfast all day long.I had a hard time deciding between the tocino (sweet cured pork) and the longanisa (sausage akin to chorizo or linguica). I found out they had two types of longanisa, sweet or garlic. I had never had garlic longanisa before, so I ordered that. My wife ordered the adobosilog.My breakfast was great. The garlicky, vinegary longanisa mixed perfectly with the runny egg yolks and garlic fried rice, which was a bit subtle in my opinion but still good (make that fried rice even more garlicky and you get the extra star!). It even came with extra vinegar on the side. My wife's adobosilog was pretty good, but she's really has to work on her spoon-and-fork technique if she's going to eat like us Filipinos. :-)If you're a fan of Filipino soft drinks, you can get a 500ml bottle of Royal Tru Orange or Sarsi (Filipino root beer) with your meal, but it's a bit expensive at $2.75 a bottle. They also have a huge catering menu that has almost any Filipino food you can think of in case your entertaining a large group. I'd be interested in trying their fried chicken and see if it's as good as Maharlika's across town.***UPDATE 5.5.07***Cherry Garden got the fifth star today for their excellent Pancit Malabon. Ordered a party tray for a BBQ I was attending, and it was exactly what I was hoping for, complete with a generous sprinkling of chicharon all over the top of the noodles.***UPDATE 5.17.07***They will pair anything with silog--salmon, bacon, kare kare...I had the fried chicken-silog and wow...that fried chicken was really good. Skin was perfect, meat was juicy. My wife had the pusitsilog, which is dried squid that's fried, and that was good, too, although, she prefers the bangsilog (bangus, i.e. milkfish) over the squid.***UPDATE 8.5.07***Cherry Garden welcomed 20 Yelpers with ease. I was worried that having this during the post-church lunch rush would be bad, but everything worked out great. Thanks, Mariel and the rest of the staff, for accommodating us and making sure everyone was taken care of! Maybe next time, we'll just take over the place and get our fill of food, drinks and karaoke!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2007,6/9/2007,263,388,3,13,12>*This is a review of their catering service only*I was thoroughly impressed with Spanishtown's catering service.  My friend needed relatively "easy" cuisine for her daughter's 1st Birthday bash.  Aside from 3 other contributed salad dishes from guests, meat/cheese trays, fruit trays and peanut butter & jelly sandwiches (!), Spanishtown would provide the bulk of the main meal for the party.She opted for a combination of mini-bean/cheese burritos, mini-chicken burritos and chicken or beef tacos.  These were served in hot trays.  They also provided generous servings of three types of salsa (one was deadly and spicy with crazy delicious kick!), tortilla chips, guacamole, sour cream and salad.  Everything was so wonderful.But the main reason behind the four stars - timeliness, professionalism, presentation, and service.  Timeliness: They arrived earlier than their appointed time (which put us in a good mood, considering the inflatable jumper guy arrived late).  When they left, they were very slick, organized, quiet, neat and were not disruptive at all.Professionalism:  Both servers were very courteous and in professional attire (ok, one cap worn backwards, but it actually wasn't so bad!).   Also, making reservations and placing the order was a breeze.Presentation:  We didn't have a theme for the party, but Spanishtown's presentation was both generic enough to mix with any theme, while adding a hint of "fiesta!"  *see photos.Service: Their catering menu indicates that they will only handle the first serving of the meal.  However, we were extremely fortunate since our servers were there for about 1.5 hours, long after every one of the 50 guests had been served.  There were two servers for the party and they were both so helpful and efficient.  Since they had finished their setup before we finished preparing the rest of our food trays, they offered to help us present it on the same table as their hot trays, salad and condiments.  They even offered to serve our food to the guests and displayed them in an orderly fashion!Thank you Spanishtown for a most memorable meal for a very special beautiful one year old girl!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2007,6/8/2007,2065,133,22,15,14>You have to fight for your RIGHT to P-A-R-T-Y!!  That's why I'm coming out STRONG on Dynasty!  Three stars from Yelp...PFFFT!  For all the Dynasty haters...YAO WO!!  No, seriously...Dynasty is TAI HAO LE!!  Yes, Dynasty is huge and it's in a crappy dead mall and the service is spotty BUT the dim sum here is AWESOME!!  I have had dim sum in HK, NYC, LA and all over the bay area and Dynasty has some of the best dim sum anywhere.  The ingredients used here are extremely fresh and the dim sum always comes out hot and succulent.  I challenge you to find a dim sum house that offers bigger more succulent shrimp than Dynasty.  Nothing beats kicking back at Dynasty, taking your time, people watching and enjoying your dim sum.  This is my favorite dim sum house in the south bay.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2007,6/7/2007,107,333,3,15,9>This place is hilarious! HUGE country western dance venue with mechanical bull, shot chair, oxygen bar, 2 dance floors, live band, big pool room and hot dog and nacho bar! They play plenty of top 40 so don't think it's only country mucisc.  And while there are some strapping big men in 10 gallon hats and snake skinned boots, there are many people from all backgrounds there. Back in the day in San Jose, that was more country, now it's a little more preppy. Men actually ask you to dance here unlike the city where everyone is too consumed with materialism and city attitudes. I could go on and on about how much fun I've had every single time I went here. It's such a nice change of scenery from the city. In reading some other reviews I have to agree with everything everyone else is saying, get there drunk is good or show up before 10pm to only pay $10 cover and go do lots of shots...the ATM machine there since it is cash only charges a whopping $4.95 to take out money so go prepared. The bathroom for ladies is HUGE, never really a line...and umm..yeah I went with 15 people once and easily got separated from them all...until I saw my friend jump onto the stage during the infamously and always played "Save a horse, ride a cowboy" song. Warning, there is a HUGE line on Sat nights!! However, it goes really quick becuase the place is SO big I would guess capacity is 5,000 people. But in general get there at 9, secure a table, get your drink on...but make sure you have a DD, cops notoriously hang out there to give out DUI's. I believe the Hawthorne Suites down the street has a special $79 a night rate for people who are going to the Saddle Rack but maybe that was just for New Years.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2007,6/6/2007,222,202,1,7,10>I went here last week for the first time with a couple of friends, and really enjoyed this restaurant. I had not heard of Taipan before, but it was mentioned by one of my friends when we were trying to decide on a place to eat, and I'm glad we decided to go here.First off, I was immediately greeted by one of the owners when I walked through the doors (I was the first to arrive), and he was very friendly as he seated me at our table. Talk about great first impressions!When my friends arrived we proceeded to order five things from the menu. For appetizers we had the sauteed minced chicken in lettuce cups and the crispy salt and pepper calamari tidbits, both of which were quite tasty. For our main course we shared the jade basil chicken, Mongolian beef with fried vermicelli and the chow fun with prawns and egg, and all three of these dishes were excellent. When we decided to add white rice to our order the owner requested the rice be brought immediately to our table in a playful manner, stopping short of saying 'We need white rice here, stat!'The decor was nice, the staff (and owners, as mentioned above) were awesome and the prices were fair. They also have a good wine selection (as far as I could tell) and the pours were decent.If you're looking for a low-key, off-the-beaten-path restaurant in Palo Alto that serves up great food, Taipan's your place!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2006,6/4/2007,41,92,1,5,3>Don't come here for ambiance, friendly human interaction or for an efficient / sane process of ordering food. Come here for the tasty, tasty Chicken kabobs. mmmm. the Koobideh (ground beef kabob) and Barg (steak kabob) are good too. Here's how it works. You go into the grocery store. The cashier there has a menu (this is the same cashier that rings up the grocery store customers so he will have neither the time nor inclination to answer questions or explain middle eastern food to you). If you're getting kabobs, you can get them straight up or get them as a "sandwich" for 50 cents extra, which means the meat will come rolled up in a piece of lavash bread (big, super thin flatbread) optionally sprinked with sumac (a dark savory middle eastern spice) and herbs. If, in addition to the grilled food you are ordering other stuff (like rice, hummus, falafel, salads, etc) you will pick those up at the deli counter behind the cashier.The cashier will give you a number on a little yellow piece of paper. To pick up the grilled food, go back out the front door and walk along the building in the direction of the parking lot until you get to a window where there are usually two people, one grilling up food and the other kind of acting like the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld. You will hear numbers shouted out over the PA system, which you might assume is them calling out the number of the order that's ready, but that would make too much sense. The PA system is used for the cashier to convey your order to the cook, so ignore it and just wait for the guy at the window to yell your number. He will call it when your food is done being grilled and you're expected to kind of hover nearby as they are packing up your order. You will be asked if you want sumac (i recommend yes) and if you want herbs (which doesn't mean they will put herbs into the sandwich for you... they will basically just give you a little bag with a bunch of herbs and half a raw onion which you can add to the sandwich at your discretion). If you're going there at a busy time it may take 10-15 minutes for your order to come up. This is where it would be good if they used the PA system to announce the orders that are ready, because then you could just hang out inside the store until you hear your number approaching and spend the time browsing the hookahs and middle eastern goodies (Pomegranate Molasses, anyone)?Usually when I go to Rose Market I get the food to go. If you're eating there, your food will come on plastic trays, which you take back over to the front of the store where you can enjoy your meal sitting outside at the plastic tables and chairs (there is no indoor seating). If you need water or forks you can get them inside near the deli counter.The food is worth the wait. I haven't found anywhere else nearby that has better chicken kabobs. Not to mention that you can have a great, filling lunch for less than $5.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2008,9/12/2008,576,494,21,17,18>My high school prom was here.  And as I took a tour of the facility before signing up for a membership I think about hopping out of the long white limo in my poufy iridescent Jessica McLintock dress and white Velcro shoes. This prom signaled an end of an era.  At that time I didn't give a shit about anything, not even the blatant muffin top I had going on when I wore my size one Express Capris.   I posed for photos with girls wearing the same dress as me and I fake smiled and faked that I was having a good time dancing wondering where the real party was going to be later, most importantly where the beer would be.Now I am running on the treadmill and justifying the high price per month versus the amenities. I run for an hour on the machine and it feels like the easiest sixty minutes I have ever run.  It could be due to the mini TV screen I am staring at while watching my pace and time but I think it's because I am watching the Democratic National Convention.  Through the headphone jack I listen to Anderson Cooper talk about how this is such a remarkable time in our history that people will remember where they were when they saw this.  I think this is Cooper's ego speaking hoping to see his own face immortalized in history alongside Obama's, but such are the times in which we live.  Every trivial thing we do documented online.My face is reddish purple, my six miles completed. I get a cup of ice water and grab a towel. I walk through the women's locker room and back into the women's fitness area.  There is one woman on a treadmill watching the large plasma TV.  I attempt to use the tall machine nearby but after a few button presses I realize this is too complicated for me. I walk out, check out the class schedules, throw my dirty towel in the bin and glance at the ladies blow drying their hair and reapplying make-up. Honestly, I'm glad I chose this place over the Y. If only for just these thoughts.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,9/11/2008,615,556,23,22,18>I walked into Crossroads this afternoon with an entire Yelp Tote bag full of tops from Express, Esprit, and J. Crew, a couple dresses, and pair of new jeans, and several quirky tees.  Having never been here before, I was very pleased with the cleanliness and order of the store and its contents! There were no bins or clothes strewn about--in fact it was quite the opposite; everything was either color-coordinated or in groups of type (jackets, sweaters, pants, jeans, tops, accessories, etc.).So about 5 minutes after dropping my eco-friendly bag full of goodies off at the counter and putting my name on the list, a very friendly employee called out my name and informed me that out of ALL the stuff I brought, they only wanted my new, tags-still-on pair of Sevens, and a cute Paul Frank tee.  I was offered $16 cash or $22 to use toward merchandise.  I took the cash and ran, but was secretly thinking I deserved more. Whatever...that's $16 worth of stuff that I would have normally just given to Goodwill, so I'm glad to have found a place to bring my "in-demand" items...however few of those there may be. And I'm now kicking myself for not buying the Miu Miu hangbag I saw on display! I might have to go back tomorrow to see if it's still there. If you read this, please don't buy the Miu Miu bag :o(
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2008,9/10/2008,64,49,8,15,15>On weekend mornings, get here early - way before 9:00 if possible. Don't bother coming at all if you want the raised glazed but have AM deadlines or hate waiting around. If they're sold out the next batch can take half an hour or more, and I don't advise disappearing to run errands.If the glazed are ready get at least two for yourself or better yet, get a dozen ($7.25) to share. They're billowy, a tad gooey, and keep pretty well for the rest of the day. Awesome with coffee/tea and a cheesy magazine!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,9/9/2008,849,1374,6,17,16>Turmeric in Sunnyvale - Wins the Bollywood Oscars for Best Buffet and Best Non-Buffet MealsBEST INDIAN FOOD IN THE BAY AREASeriously. And it wins in both the buffet and dinner service categories. They simply serve some of the tastiest Indian food out there, PLUS they make a lot of unique dishes you won't find elsewhere. In addition, the use good quality meats and fresh flavors, and deliver exceptional service.I love their $12.95 dinner buffet (Fri. - Sun. only). (Their lunch buffet is $10.95 which is a good deal.) It's not the biggest around (like Bombay Garden or Passage to India), but it's the tastiest.Here's why:1) Make your own papdi chaat bar. They provide the "fixins" like  the fried round balls as a base, then you pile on raw onions, cooked potato, chickpeas, yogurt sauce, cilantro,  tamarind, and mint. (I've never seen this at a buffet before.)2) Gobi Mussalam. I've never had this dish anywhere else but it consist of giant mounts of baked cauliflower topped with sliced almonds. So good. Even though they rotate dishes  this one is almost always in the buffet.3) Potato and spinach cakes (when they have them).4) Good quality meat in the boti kabob or malai chicken or whatever they call it. The husband thinks it's a little bland. Even if you think so you can just put some sauce on it from another dish.5) Lots of great vegetarian dishes to choose from.6) Everything is well labeled. The servers are super quick to whisk your dirty plates away. (In fact, I think they provide the best buffet service anywhere.) They also keep many of the entrees in covered dishes so they don't get cold or dry out. (Unfortunately the tandoori chicken was dried out because none of the patrons were keeping the lid down like they did for other dishes.)Last night's buffet also included (not a complete list):-Goat curry with bones-Dal-Chicken Makhni (very good; love the sauce)-Naan (in the buffet but covered)-Saffron rice-Chana masala-Tandoori vegetables-Chili chicken (Admittedly I'm not a huge fan of this dish; here's it's apparently one of the chef's specialties and it's served on a huge platter and it's pretty spicy)-Fruit platter with pineapple, canteloupe, honeydew (It was sitting out too long but at least they provided fruit that went beyond the usual orange slices)-Saag with corn-Veggie pakora (or pakoda) (cold)-Raita-Mango pudding (a little heavy)-Gulab jamunThe buffet moves from upstairs to downstairs depending on which room is hosting a private party.I've also ordered dishes off the menu and Turmeric again is amazing. The veggie samosa was easily the best I've ever had. Unfortunately I don't think the gobi mussalam is on the menu ("cauliflower curry" is not the same dish). Last time we ordered off the menu I think we got the Aloo Dum Chutneywala  and it was yum-MY. (Unfortunately it's been awhile since we ordered off the menu - otherwise I'd elaborate - but I remember being blown away.)My Current Indian Buffet Rankings:1) TURMERIC, Sunnyvale2) Passage to India, Mountain View3) Priya, Berkeley4) Bombay Garden, Sunnyvale5) Mehak, Berkeley6) Sargam, Walnut Creek7) Mayuri, Santa Clara8) Maharaja?, Mtn View --- on Castro St., can't remember name but it's not Sue's, maybe Godavari?9) Tandoori Mahal, San Francisco10) Taj, Sunnyvale11) Khana Peena, Berkeley12) Sahib, Richmond 13) Swarna,Walnut Creek14) Mezbaan, Santa Clara15) Grand Indian Buffet, Sunnyvale16) Tandoori Bites, San Jose17) India Palace, Berkeley18) Raj, Oakland19) Nawab, San Mateo20) Udupi Palace, Sunnyvale
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2008,9/8/2008,117,178,13,13,13>The day was long, the kids were rowdy and there would be no sexin this night, cause Daddy is plannin to reek of cigar smoke and booze when I get home!!! My buddy comes rollin around the house around 11pm after he gets off work and we're off to begin the night.We roll up to an unassuming house in an industrial lookin part of town and we head into the backyard, thinkin we're gonna get shot. Head up to the porch and wtf I notice the painted on shutters and a couple of neon signs. He opens the door and wow...just wow.There's 5 guys sitting around a big screen TV shootin the breeze coming from the AC and ceiling fan just talkin and laughing their heads off. Right across the way there's a filipino guy smoking a fat cigar, he smiles and welcomes us in and I sense this is a beginning of a new hobby.After selecting a Cigar for a noob, got a bullet punch, toasted it and proceeded to light it. The first few puffs were cool, I smoke cigarettes and had to adjust to not inhaling the smoke but I was able to avoid doing that this night. We grab our glasses of Knob Creek and head on over to the couches to hangout. As I'm sitting I feel like I'm getting high...wth?!  I learned several things that night about cigar smoking and with this knowledge a new hobby is about to begin! Thanks Mike for letting us kick it after hours and for taking the time to answer all them drunken questions.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2008,9/7/2008,2146,741,23,32,20>Never would I have imagined that I would leave this salon, after 5 hours, looking like a bedraggled tiger (only much uglier) at the hands of a woman who had styled Paris Hilton's hair.Or at least that's what I was told by her student, my hairdresser of the day. VERY LONG STORY "short," I scheduled an appointment with the intent of of streaking my hair purple, and ended up with orange (the freaking opposite of purple!!) hair, which does nothing for my complexion. My hairdresser was all excited about the project, because she usually gets boring stuff. We decided to do purple, blue, and red-violet peekaboo highlights. Unfortunately, she was painfully slow and made a few missteps. She didn't ask an instructor for help before proceeding with the lightening because she didn't want them to mess up her "artistic vision." I asked her a few times about how long it would take, and she said that I'd be out for sure before 5.  (The teachers should help their students be on pace.)She applied heat on my lightening hair, which really hurt my scalp, but she said that the pain was worth it. Later, an instructor came by and at some point said that salon never uses heat. Oops? Hair damage wheeee!!Also, when she applied the lightener on me, she didn't use thin enough blocks of hair. When it was almost all put on (1.5 hours later), an instructor came by and told her that.Another instructor now informed us that the purple looks really bad! Wish I knew that before I lightened my hair! I say let's just do blue and red-violet instead then. She, however, still wants to do the purple and my hair still needs further lightening for that. She re-lightens all my hair, which takes freaking forever. It would have been smarter, if you ask me, to just re-lighten the hair we're putting purple on. But maybe she had to re-lighten because she hadn't done them in thin enough partitions earlier.I ask about the time, and she assures me that it's okay, this is the part that takes a long time, and the color will go super quickly. She is still doing things super slowly.Of course...at 4 something (I came in at noon), the instructor pulls her out. Then she comes tell me that they won't be able to color my hair. The dye needs to be in for 40 minutes. I am aghast...I'm sorry, but I don't do preppy blond highlights. She says she could schedule me in for tomorrow (I have something important, but maybe I can reschedule), then comes back and tells me that they aren't booking tomorrow, but the day after is okay. But I start school in Berkeley that day! They explain to me that blablabla it is a school blablabla the receptionists don't know blablabla...and I'm thinking...F***!!So after a while, they come up with this solution of demi-permanent dye...they aren't sure how it'll turn out, but it only has to be in there for 10 minutes. I say that it can't be worse than what I would do by myself...and boy was I in for a surprise. I ask for the instructor's opinion between blue, violet, and red (can mix those) and she suggests violet and red so I try violet-red. And my hair ends up bright orange. Woot. No time to blow-dry completely...hence, the drowned look.I could go on and on about my experience here, but this box has a character limit. Let's map it out for you:Pros:-Very very affordable--you can't beat the prices here. $10 for a cut, $25 for highlights, $10 per bottle of color.-My hairdresser was very sweet and really listened to what I wanted...unfortunately that doesn't cut it.-The salon looks cool.-Some other people left with really cute hair.-They charged me less for messing up on me. ($25 total)-I feel elated when I watch the dye wash out of my hair during my showers, because in due time, I can dye it purple with my Hot Topic Dye.-My haircut was cute.Cons-I left looking really ugly. Thank goodness I look less ugly with my hair blow-dried and lots of eye make-up to distract from the orange.-I did see one student glaring at an unhappy customer and complaining about him after.-It took FREAKING FOREVER. Do not come here for anything but a haircut (an estimated 1.5-2 hours) unless you have hours of time, and a few days free afterwards just in case they mess up.-The instructor blamed the situation on the receptionist "not knowing" how long things take. I say they inform their receptionists. The student attributed it to my hair not lightening as quickly as most "virgin" (never colored) hair does. Screw that.So before coming here, ask yourself the following questions:1. How much is your time worth, compared to your money?TIP: Leave 2 hours for a haircut, and 4-5 for color.2. Do you have room for error in your hairstyle?I wanted to love it, but I'm sorry...it's a risk. I would recommend going to the Academy for haircuts, but nothing fancy unless you want to spend a work day there. And as for me...I now have Halloween Hair and I'm too embarrassed to put up a picture of it. I can't live up to my profile =(
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2008,9/6/2008,871,695,55,17,21>Given that I am going to be on the road for the next decade, I decided to pick up a couple essentials at Gap.  This place is getting lamer every year.  Besides those RED shirts, there is no difference between Gap and Old Navy.  Regardless, I have some suggestions to improve.  Used to be guys had it easy when it came to jeans.  One size, either too big or too small, but you dealt with it.Now, we've gotta deal with metros, fatties, athletes and cube dwellers.  For this, Gap, and many others have devised sizing systems that read like Hebrew for their jeans.Slim fit.  Boot cut.  Loose fit.  Low rise fit.  Toland fit.  Carpenter fit.Honestly.  They need to dumb it down a bit.  I have some suggestions for their denim department.White guy fit : expandable waist for weekend binges, knee pads built in for constant groveling to boss and or girlfriend, and balloon ass to accommodate constant sitting.Asian guy fit : A shorter leg length with multiple pockets for iPhone, blackberry and or pager.  Also comes with padding in the ass and legs so that they can double as motorcycle pants.  Bluetooth compatible. Black guy fit : A combination of the White guy and Asian guy fit but a much longer leg and features a newly patented "expandable and breathable junk/3rd leg section" to accommodate, well, you know.Canadian fit : Canadian formal wear that has matching denim jacket.  Can either rent for special occasion or buy.Blue.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2008,9/5/2008,880,513,22,14,17>#200!! I had to contemplate really long and hard to figure out what I wanted to write about for my 200th review. And since YouPorn is based out of the Netherlands that was kinda out of the question... YouPorn is the greatest idea since the invention of the wheel itself. I just had to toss that out there. =PSo, I have this small list of places I need to review. I thought, "What's the next best thing abutting free porn? Great sushi of course!"I came here on a full stomach and thought I'd have a hard time eating much but I ended up devouring my sashimi dinner (Nice fresh, thick, cuts of sashimi) and my friend's sushi rolls. (Fremont Roll & Crunch Roll) C'mon, you know it's good when you're stuffed to the brim yet you can manage to annihilate some raw fish and sushi rolls.! =PThe place only seats 20-25 at the most but I love the small atmosphere of this place! It's got a nice warm, intimate feel to it. The waitresses were SUPER attentive and nice!  $0.99 Sake on Wednesday and Thursday!!! Woot! If my friend Carey didn't have to pick a friend at the airport that night it would've been on like Donkey Kong!The only little thing that was of concern is I had a piece of bone in my hamachi. =( -0.5 stars for that.However, I can't wait to come back here again! I hope my 2nd visit is a good as my first.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2008,9/4/2008,92,207,9,12,9>At the suggestion of my hair stylist, I took my daughter here on her 13th birthday for a pedicure.  I was really impressed!The store is well lit (with one solid wall of windows) and clean.  The staff are friendly.  Without an appointment on a Saturday afternoon, we got no grief for showing up and asking to sit together.  The shop has "menus" that tell you what sorts of pedicures you can get, what's included, and how much it costs.  My daughter got a basic one that included a hot stone massage on her legs, I got one with the callus treatment (which also has the hot stone massage).  My daughter wanted an "american" pedicure (like French, but with colour instead of white nail tips), and I let her splurge on nail art too - which I then ended up doing too since my girlie-girl wanted Mom's nails to match (hey, it was her birthday and I wanted to spoil her!)It was expensive, but the callus treatment was excellent (my feet feel so nice!), we were in the chairs well over an hour what with my salt scrub, the massages, the pedicure activities, and then the nailpolish bits - and  we were not rushed out before our toes had time to dry which is always a plus 'coz I'm just naturally prone to screw up nailpolish 'fore it's totally dry.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/25/2008,9/3/2008,460,387,16,19,20>I really wanted to try something different today, so Michael C. recommended Bleu Ginger since another company affiliate has taken him here a few times.  Located in a strip mall that looks like it probably has some good cheap eats places, I was surprised to walk in and see a very upscaly type of environment.  The front door is actually on corner of the restaurant, and when you walk in, you are confronted by some colorful floor-set lighting, a temporary wall that is nicely curved in a series of waves, and the hostess podium.  But it's easy to see further into the restaurant.  There is a large main seating section, a bar, and a rear seating section.  The tables are spaced fairly wide apart to make walking around fairly easy. the booths up against the walls had high backs and looked comfortable, while the center tables looked like they were designed to be moved around.  Perhaps adding seating when necessary or removing them for hall activities.  Apparently, there is also live jazz music here on occasion.  For business meetings, dates, or just when you're in the modd to go a little up-scal'ish, this place fits the bill just fine.For the food, it was lunch, so we had some simple dishes and the appetizer.  I had the Poached duck thigh with egg noodle served with pickle green.  Michael C. had the Grilled BBQ pork and shredded pork.  For appetizer there was a Fusion Roll, and for dessert, their signature Creme Brulee.The duck noodle dish was much better than I thought it would be.  It had a slight gamey taste which I normally don't like, but the way they integrated the duck into the soup and bok choy made for a very mild and delicious combination that was added to with a strange fruit that I don't recognize.  It was about the size of a cherry, but slightly elongated with a dark color (reddish, perhaps, or purpleish, but nearly black it was so dark).  It obviously had a seed in it that was removed.  The soup was watery as opposed to creamy, as you would expect from a Vietnamese noodle.  All in all, much much better than anticipated.Michael C.'s dish has both bite sized pieces of grilled pork and thinly sliced pork mixed with possibly shredded daikon giving an almost noodle like effect.  All this on a bed of vermicelli, and a side of that slightly sour slightly sweet sauce that is typical with this type of dish.The appetizer was a waitress recommendation.  She is very cute, by the way, and according to Michael, has worked there for at least two years.  She was very friendly and seemed very professional, though a little slow at coming around to our table.  Anyway, the appetizer was their signature Fusion roll, which is small, deep-fried salmon mixed with avocado and other standard fillers for fresh soft Vietnamese rolls.  It was very good, but next time, I'll probably try one of the other rolls.  The dessert was probably the best part of lunch.  It was Vietnamese Coffee Creme Brulee.  The bowl was tiny, but the custard portion so very thick that I think the size was just right.  The toasted sugar was the right thickness, and the rick creamy taste absolutely perfect.  A normal sized porrtion would have been way too much.The plate-ware, incidentally was probably carefully picked out.  Pure white and interestingly shaped dishes really show attention to detail.  You would expect pricing to be a little higher in a place such as this, and their pricing certainly didn't feel outlandish for lunch, but I still think the price should have been a little lower.  For dinner, I'd probably expect to pay around $30+ or even $40+ before drinks were added, but for lunch, maybe a little less than what it cost today.All in all, what I experienced today was A-OK.  Not the best, and I'm not exactly a fan yet, but I'm willing to come here again, preferably for dinner with a customer, to get the full experience and possibly become a fan.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,1/14/2011,994,993,59,32,33>Dear Diary,I need to make a confession. Recently, I was unfaithful. Yes, I cheated. I feel terrible. Things were not going as I wanted and I was at a awkward point in my life. I needed some kind of change and I wasn't willing to wait for it. I just needed to feel alive again. So I had an affair. Yes, I had quick and memorable affair with another hair stylist.My stylist for the past year and a half, Melissa (from a different salon), was too busy for me. I had an important business trip approaching and she couldn't make any time for me since she was busy with a wedding commitment. I felt betrayed and started to harbor resentment for her. All of the time we had spent together. All of the laughs we had. The way she would touch my hair, play with her toys, work her magic, and make feel amazing once she was done with me. But she was off making other people feel better about themselves at a stupid wedding. She was in another city; listening to others, making them laugh, and running her magical hands through strange strands of hair. Was my hair no longer important to her? Why would she do that to me?I pictured her touching another person's hair and it was agonizing. It made me sick to my stomach. I couldn't eat. I couldn't sleep. I grew depressed, bitter, and jealous. I fought back tears of anger and I made some calls. Someone in my social circle recommended Penny at Innovators in Campbell.I felt nervous about making an appointment. I knew it was wrong of me to even consider someone else to do my hair as I was already in a committed (stylist) relationship. But I picked up the phone, nervously entered the digits, and made an appointment with Penny. The following day, I drove over to see her during my lunch hour. If I was ready and willing, this was going to be a quickie of afternoon delight.The girl at the front desk was helpful. She walked me walked me through the labyrinth of a salon that also features mani/pedi stations, as well as private waxing and massage rooms. Not sure what exactly goes in the massage rooms, but a saw a super old man walk in with a smile and leave the massage room with an even bigger smile. Maybe he was up to no good like I was?The salon itself was huge. It was extremely spacious with lots of private little workstations. The overall décor of the place was awesome, which featured a Halloween theme (at the time). Each work station, which look like cubicles with cement partitions, are individually decorated by the stylist that occupies that space. It's a cute touch that differs greatly from other salons where chairs are placed side by side like an assembly line. At Innovators, it's just you and your stylist.Eventually, it was just me and Penny. I admitted to her that I was nervous about someone else touching my hair and I hadn't let anyone else touch me in that area in a long time. But she made me feel comfortable by offering me some fresh brewed coffee or candy, but I knew it would give me the jitters. So I opted for some complimentary bottled water. I took a sip and then sat down. I felt very anxious as Penny personally washed my long, slightly damaged hair. But the warm water on my scalp helped relax me. Her hands slowly massaged my head and I melted. But part of me was still slightly nervous of what was coming next. I told her what I wanted and I showed her pictures of how I wanted it done. My heart started to beat rapidly. I trembled a little as she grabbed a few strands of my hair and got started. I knew it was too late to back out now. She took her time. She made me feel special. And by the time she was done, I felt like a new man.Clearly, Penny is a great stylist with a very relaxed and friendly personality. Penny did an amazing job with my hair. She gave me a professional cut that featured my signature side swept bangs. And as my hair grew out, it maintained its shape, look, and style. Approximately six weeks later, my hair still looks amazing. Men lie. Women lie. But pictures don't, right?I am not sure what I should do now. Clearly, Melissa knows my hair best. She knows its strengths. But she also knows its weakness. She knows how to handle it best. But Penny did a remarkable job. It was different. But nice. I am tempted to see her again. But if I do, Melissa will know of my infidelity. She'll realize it has been a long time since she has touched me and will most likely notice that something is very different about me. I am scared to step inside her salon again.In the end, I will return to Melissa. It's hard to leave someone who have so much history with. But my hair will never forget that amazing afternoon I had with Penny. I wonder if she thinks of my hair too?
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,1/13/2011,262,162,11,13,10>omgahhh.... their new soup... kurakou(sp?)... kokurako... whatever. soup is soOoo good!! pork brine... half a soft boiled egg... yummy meats.... *drools*AND I just discovered you can add the "spicy" seasoning they use for their spicy miso soup (which is awesome!) for like... $0.50??Add it to above stated ramen bowl! BEST thing EVAARRRRR!!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,1/12/2011,967,1207,16,16,16>The family that eats together gets sick of each other faster...I was here for a dinner apparently back in september. buhahhahaaha kind of late on this review. As i recall as I entered the romantically lit dining area was that i knew the bald guy at the bar counter with my beer at the ready. The ambiance is nice and so is their selection of wines which we followed our beers up with. As more and more people showed up we relocated to the outside tables which were nicely decorated. I ended up wearing more than one bday hat! Yay for me!I'm a touch hazy on the pre-fixe menu but it was all very good. I believe I selected the Heirloom Tomato Soup with Creme Fraiche and Basil Oil, Angus Bone In Rib Eye Steak Grilled with Pepper and Herbs drizzled with Zinfandel Jus and I'm sure i had dessert but the bottled dessert did wonders for the rest of the night which concluded with apparently previously unbelieved dance moves to old school beats in the parking lot.... yeah, there were that many bottled desserts. btw - I stole the food descriptions from party members who wrote a review as well... kekekekeke;D
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,1/11/2011,386,452,16,19,14>We were planning to come here on Friday for our girls night outing and when we saw the ROTD for Friday was 2nd Floor, we knew it was a sign, we had to try it out and we're very happy we did.It was a beautiful Friday evening so we decided to sit outside to enjoy the weather and just relax together. Drinks:- Sangria- You HAVE to get the Sangria here. With lots of fresh fruit in it including apples, strawberries, blueberries, kiwi, etc, it was certainly our favorite drink of the night. I'm a huge fan of fresh fruits in the sangria and the strawberries and kiwis were my fave. - Watermelon Refresher- Meh, pass, I had to finish my friend's drink simply because it was too strong for herFood (we pretty much ordered one of everything on the happy hour menu):- Sweet potato fries- yum! The aoli it was served with had a hint of spice making it a perfect compliment- Chicken wings- I loved the crispiness of it along with the sauce- we had two orders of these- Stuffed mushrooms- delicious- two orders of these as well- Fresh spring rolls- I liked these but they fell apart really easily- Fried spring rolls- Had ground meat in it and the sauce was great, especially to dip the regular fries in it- Regular fries- since they were out of onion rings, I think they gave us this as a substituteService was also great. There was always someone coming to the table to check on us and/or clear the empty plates to give us more room. However, my favorite part of the evening was when the live music started! The guitar and ukulele player offered some great entertainment to complete our chill evening. Overall 4.5 stars for me but I'll round up to a 5 for an awesome time with my girls with delicious food and great drinks. We will be back!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2010,1/10/2011,564,356,14,15,12>I would definitely use the term "overindulge" when I think back to Saturday's dinner. I barely ate anything during Oktoberfest and after our quick nap, the other awesome K.T. and I decided to head to dinner since this place is walking distance from my house. After surveying the menu, I decided on the taco salad with shredded beef and he ordered the carnitas burrito. We also both tried flavored margaritas; mango and banana. I believe when the food came out, in 2.5 seconds I devoured my salad - this is the last time I am going to skip meals - I always end up being Ms. Oinkster come dinner time! I tried (or rather "finished") his plate and I thought the pork was really nice and tender. I think I would like to come back and try it again because I really didn't spend the time to actually enjoy the food and taste it - I was starving and we all know when your starving (or hungover) most anything tastes delicious - I'll walk back soon to try it again for sure.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,1/8/2011,290,302,13,16,14>Who would have thought I'd be happy to pay money in order to experience pain? I must be a masochist. All joking aside, I can highly recomend Hands On Care for your shoulder, elbow and hand therapy. Saba Kamal is an exceptionally talented therapist. After my nasty moutain bike accident, she had me back in the saddle again within a few short weeks. This was all the more remarkable considering I had virtually zero motion in my elbow and wrist three weeks ago. She'll bend parts of your body into positions that will make a grown man cry... but thankfully she does know when to stop. Her little evil grins while telling you to "relax" always had me cracking up in laughter. When it comes to physio, she was the best of both worlds... approachable but firm.The previous reviewer baked Saba a cake. Unfortunately, I have no baking skills, so she will just have to make do with my four star rating and this last little comment ...(I lied about the bike... I had the resistance set to level 8 - not level 4)
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,1/7/2011,854,542,16,16,14>Its the middle of the Lenten season and the best-friend can only have ONE drink a week. One drink. What do you do? Where do you go?You go to where "one drink" can be measured in hefty liter-sized glass steins!Walking through the door shortly after they opened at 5pm, the two of us added to the small handful of people already there. The corner-faceing door and landmark-era San Jose building exudes throwback character inside and out. Customers are immediately met by a dimly lit, shallow, no-frills bar and greeted by a courteous-but-to-the-point bartender eager to take your order. We, naturally, sat at the bar...After nearly a week of day-long meetings and afterwork mixers where she (Esco) refrained from alcohol, it was time to unwind and catch up, so we decided to indulge in dinner and imbibe in brews... a liter each of faithful, flavorful, fragrant Franziskaner Hefe-Weisen!!With steins in hand, abundantly filled to a frothy head, we looked over the menu, taking note of the premium; as far as German cuisine goes, it appears Teske's is the soul representative, even within San Jose's/Silicon Valley's otherwise diverse culinary landscape, and the [elevated] prices show it. We went with the Marinated Herring with Cream Sauce appetizer and an off-menu special of Dumplings in cheese (Cambozola?) cream sauce topped with bacon.The marinated herring was potent and briny, contrasted by the richness of the cream sauce, and accompanied by the tart of pickled vegetables. A complex appetizer best had in small tastes interspersed with gulps/swigs of beer. Mmmmmm, beer.The dumplings in cheese/sauce and bacon was pure gluttony baked in a ramekin.  The dumplings themselves doughy, still fluffy/airy, impermeable to the thick sauce, were the perfect vehicle for the cheesy/creamy/bacon-y pool of liquified guilt heavy-handedly ladled over it all... Again, so rich a dish, its best consumed in bites spread out over the course of a beer or two.  Mmmmmm, beer.Towards the end of our meal, we decided to try the dunkel; regrettably, we weren't won over.Altogether, Teske's is a good, niche place for indulgently large drinks, conversations with the bestie, and the occasional* eats. We'd definitely be back..._________________________________________________*occasional eats: no one should eat THAT richly too often.Somewhere, there are diets failing.Mmmmmm, beer.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,1/5/2011,312,467,41,47,29>WARNING: All you suburban housewives who like to craft and have been told to come here, you better learn to recognize that you are no longer in LA LA LAND. I really hate the ignorant reviews of this place. So, I will flat out tell you like it is:FIRST OFF, WHAT NOT TO EXPECT:1) Joann - Joann is not here, so don't expect her to be here. 2) Cutting Tables - they do not exist here. The atmosphere here is much like a flea market. They cut the fabric right off the roll...3) Prices on the roll - STOP looking at the roll for a price, look up at the sign in the aisle. They tend to organize the fabric by type, then by price. Most rolls I found were $2 a yard. 4) People who give a damn - Usually, their attitude IS, if you don't know what you want, then I don't know how to help you....5) Cute little fabric, with those cute little lady bugs. - You ain't gonna find that here, go back to 1) Joann is not here, so don't expect her to be here...What you need to know is here:1) All your very basic fabrics, they've got canvas, waterproof fabric, satin of all grades and colors, muslin, cotton blends, vinyl, fleece of different types, colors and prints (sometimes lots of knock off prints that aren't of great quality), etc. If it's basic, they probably have it. 2) Lots of customers - try to avoid weekends, so many people come here on the weekends. If you can't handle the heat, stay out of the kitchen and come back on a weekday. 3) Lots of fabric - You will feel overwhelmed and frankly if you do not know what a particular fabric looks like, you'll have a hard time finding it. If you are too timid to speak with someone who works there, then you'll have an even tougher time finding it. 4) They've got tons of notions stacked up in piles with no organization at all whatsoever. They've got boning, bias tape, lace, trims, etc on the roll. You'll have to take some time going through them all, it's that crazy.Things you should consider:1) This is where women of all cultures buy their fabric. From Vietnamese women who sew there beautiful silk dresses to Indian women who sew their colorful sari's. If you've yet to be around women who have accents other than your pretty California one, then get ready for it, because there's lots of that here. Just be patient and open minded.  2) The people who work here do not wear a smock or uniform to identify that they work here, so be careful not to offend someone just because they "look like" they work here. To best identify them, they're usually the women carrying a yard stick, a pair of shears and a white note pad. (They may not be carrying all of them, they might have an apron of sorts). 3) VERY IMPORTANT! Before they cut the fabric, you MUST ask them, "HOW MUCH?" It'll save you lots of drama later when they tally up your bill. 4) They speak very basic English. If you tell them you want Red Satin, then they'll lead you to Red Satin. If you tell them, I want the cheapest Red Satin. Then they'll show you their lowest priced Red Satin. If you tell them, I want a nicer one or prettier one, then they'll show you their prettier one. You won't need to be very complex with your description...Overall, I love this place. If you really learn to appreciate what they have here, you'll love it also. The place is packed with fabric, they've extended it across the way at another building. It's insane coming here! But I love it! The parking is insane, if you come here on the weekends, come very early in the morning. And if you're a suburban housewife that likes to sew, you'll most likely find another suburban housewife here too just as lost as you are so don't feel alone and intimidated. Have fun and enjoy every experience!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,1/4/2011,866,266,12,15,12>I think David Byrne said it best... "Psycho donuts... qu'est-ce que c'est? Fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa fa..."If you're looking for the usual donut, DO NOT come here! Here, you will only find only out of this world donuts. These donuts are made with one part "good tasting donut", two parts "you will return once you've had one", three parts "i'm as crazy as the person who made it for eating it."I'd recommend the Kooky Monster donut made with Oreo toppings, or the Coco Loco with chocolate coco puffs was also very good. Didn't try the Donut Pizza (which is the same size as a pizza) because it was mid-day and the price goes down with each hour. What I like best about this place how they've carried out the insanity theme - in the food, the decorations, their web site, the nurse who serves you and offers you bubble wrap when you walk in the door. And it's not just a gimmick - the donuts are actually good.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,1/3/2011,879,323,18,25,22>An upscale Mexican restaurant in downtown Saratoga, Casa de Cobre was a surprising find.  I think high-end Mexican restaurants have the difficult challenge of doing well if their food didn't compare to the hole-in-the-wall delicious Mexican places.  But Casa de Cobre succeeded in offering a menu with a multitude of delicious and unique dishes, including many seafood options.  I recommend trying their caldos (stews) for something different, but my favorite dish there so far is the crab enchiladas!  Full with hearty pieces of FRESH real crab, the flavor was fantastic.  Everything I have tried is super flavorful and full of obviously fresh ingredients.And let us not forget another amazing offering from Case de Cobre: the Purist Margarita.  Sauza Hornitos Reposado, fresh squeezed lime juice, and 100% agave nectar... and twice the size for the same price as El Jardin at Santana Row.  It's a must have.This place is a little pricey, which seemed to be minus a star for many people in our party... but hey, when you're in downtown Saratoga next to Plumed Horse and La Fondue, it's not surprising.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,8/20/2014,82,199,7,9,8>I don't really have any other organic garden experiences to compare this to, but from what I've seen, they run a tight ship.I went here for a YelpHelp event and pulled some weeds and mulched a bit before getting a tour of the place, which was quite impressive.  I love their European style of irrigating and transplanting, where the crops are kept in small cubes of soil.  Very cool.Most all their work is done by volunteers who are free to take crops home after helping in the fields.  Additionally, despite the people there seeming to have to a lot of experience, they weren't mean or rude, which is more than I could say if a gaggle of yelpers came by and started prodding and snapping photos of everything haha.  Anyway, a great farm, a great mission, and a fantastic staff. I might be back even without Yelp one day :-)
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,8/19/2014,469,258,19,20,17>My favorite place for tea & boba!This Ten Ren is located in the Cupertino Village where Fantasia is just on the other side but if it's my choice, I always choose Ten Ren (: In my opinion, their tea is better. Duh, right? Their store is filled with loose leaf teas for sale! My drink of choice is their lychee jasmine green tea with boba. There is a whole lychee fruit in the drink & I think of it as my bonus. As far as service goes, everyone here is usually pretty friendly. I definitely think they're a heck of a lot nicer than their Milpitas employees who bark & furrow their eyebrows at you. Though there may be a wait, they are usually very efficient. I've never waited longer than 5 minutes for my drink! If you like small balls, make sure you come before 2? They stop making them after that. Not an issue for me cause I like 'em big! Their boba is a bit sweeter than ordinary & I don't know how they get their texture so perfect each time but they do. The grass jelly is house made so if you're a fan of that, I would suggest you trying it. Highly recommend Ten Ren for your tea needs! (:
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,8/18/2014,375,106,7,17,15>Cookies & ice cream! The two best things in the world! I'm so happy they opened one up here in San Jose!I love how they're open til midnight! Perfect for those late night sweet tooth cravings. When I went here, I came 15 minutes before closing. I was disappointed when they didn't have pistachio, green tea, or cookies and cream ice cream. That's perfectly understandable though. They've been pretty popular since they opened. Price is pretty decent. $2.50 for a cookie sandwich and they're pretty filling. I heard the one in Berkeley serve bigger cookies, but any bigger and I would have some trouble. I had to share mines cuz I couldn't finish lol. I like how the person who helped us was very patient and let us try out the ice cream flavors before putting it together. She saw that I was going to share and offered to cut the ice cream sandwich in half. So awesome of her! And she did it so cleanly without breaking the cookie or making a mess with the ice cream. Love their service. I would definitely come back during the day time to try their pistachio, green tea, and cookies & cream ice cream. If it was sold out, they must be really good!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,8/17/2014,221,169,7,14,8>I love the baby back ribs at Henry's! So the way Henry's works is that you 1. Grab a number and check out the menu. They have all the typical BBQ entrees on their menu as well as teriyaki chicken, fetuccine alfredo and rib eye. It's also great because they have two combo options: Chicken and baby back ribs or chicken and ribs. All their entrees come with a salad and a baked potato.2. When the hostess calls your number, she'll take your order and your name. When your table is ready, you'll be seated and your salad will be already at your table waiting for you.I love the way this works because you can hang out at the bar and watch sports while your food is being prepared. Even after you're seated in the dining area, there are still TVs all over so you won't miss a thing.The best part is the unlimited garlic bread and BBQ sauce that you get with your meal as well. It's so delicious!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,8/16/2014,1078,821,29,38,29>All of my lifeWhere have you been?I wonder if I'll ever see you againAnd if that day comes...Yes, if that day comes, I will order the following again and again:- Mochi cheese bacon tofu pocket = bacon and cheese is the only way to go! YUM!!- Whole grilled squid = devoured within second. The sauce was simple and tasty.- Duck prosciutto salad = ridiculously delicious. A few more duck prosciutto would be nice. A balance of savory and acidity. Sliced kiwi was a nice touch.- Skewers = kalbi (short rib), gyutan ( beef tongue), and butabara (pork belly). Tender, moist, and savory.- Pork Kakuni = special braised pork that melt in your mouth. - Chicken zousui = Japanese risotto with chicken & egg. Very filling, very hearty, and very good.- Green tea crème brûlée = ending the night with an excellent dessert. A fine time with my Bestie celebrating her bday. I couldn't have asked for a better meal. Thank you Gaku Yakitori for a delightful dinner. I hope to see you soon again. Cheers!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,8/15/2014,258,487,9,10,10>I love comic books!And thankfully this place loves them too. I guess you would have to to open an entire store dedicated to comics. There is only ever one person in here at any given time, at least every time I have been in here, and he is very helpful. They let you browse all you want and if you have a question they are on point with the answer. I especially like this store because the floor plan is not over crowded, it is easy to walk in the aisles and it is clean. Some places you go to have a, I just walked into some hoarders house kinda feel, this place not so much. They have new and used comics and memorabilia related to comics throughout the store. All in all I recommend this place for the comic book lover you know.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,8/14/2014,86,163,4,22,7>Came here yesterday for the big 12 mile waterfall hike and it was beautiful. We arrived at 12 pm, payed $10 for parking (the parking fee includes a map of the park), and asked the information desk for directions on where to start the waterfall loop. We were directed accordingly and started on our way. First 6-7 miles were moderately challenging due to the elevation changes and hiking uphill, but making it to the Berry Creek Falls was well worth it. It was beautiful and we took a few pictures. Fast forward another hour and we were exhausted. The last few miles of the hike were very challenging b/c we didn't pack enough water and we didn't bring snacks! Big mistake. Also, the last 4 mile of the sunset trail doesn't have markers along the way telling hikers they are going the right way towards the parking lot. Kinda scary if you are alone or don't see other hikers along the way. Overall, it took us 4 hrs 45 min to hike the 12 mile trail. I'm sore today so it was an intense workout. The smoothies at the snack bar were worth the $6 each price tag at the end. I loved the hike and would do it again in a heartbeat. Tips for hikers wanting to try the Waterfall loop hike: 1. Bring at least 2-3 bottles of water per person2. Ladies bring toilet paper in case nature calls and of course bring hand sanitizer3. Bring healthy snacks like nuts, fruit or some sort of bars... if you get to the park early (10 am) then pack lunch and eat it at Berry Creek Falls (it takes 2 hours from the start to hike to the falls)4. Sleep well the night before5. Start the hike no later than 1 pm, and preferably as early as possible (you don't want to be stuck in the park after dark).
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,8/13/2014,136,162,12,15,14>I've been working with Janet since I was ... 11 years old. We used to buy carnations from her for our middle school fundraiser. Then I started seeing her in high school for corsages & boutonnieres. Then when I was in college, I'd see her for arrangements to butter up my bf's mom (haha). And when I finished college, she was the one that did my graduation lei. If you say floral arrangements, I say Flowers by Janet.From her, you will get the freshest and most BEAUTIFUL arrangements, at the best price. If you want to impress someone, get your arrangements from her.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,8/12/2014,622,798,10,17,10>Oh man. You know this is a legit Korean restaurant when they dont have kimchi fried rice or soft tofu soup but instead have a very limited menu. They specialize in their short ribs and their soup noodles and you better eat those. Two people only need a plate of short ribs but we had to yolo and get the noodle soup, which I thought was a good choice just to change it up a bit.11) Galbi Tang- The waiter said this is the best soup dish so of course I had to get it. It comes with beef short ribs, clear noodles and egg in this clearish broth. I thought the broth was super flavorful and the short ribs were soooo tender. I couldnt believer how good it tasted. I am not sure what the other soups taste like but I was satisfied with this one. I wasnt able to finish it because I got distracted with the next item....Maeun galbi jim- are beef short ribs in their house special sauce, potato, carrot and egg and boy, these are the best short ribs I have ever had ever!!! The sauce is like the one you put in bibimbap but that beef is something totally different. It is sooo flavorful and so tender that it just "melts" in your mouth. I couldnt believe it. I definitely prefer the meat pieces without the bone since the bone ones tend to be a tad harder. So just search for those standalone pieces and your mind will be blown. This entree can be split with 3-4 people so we definitely had leftovers. It comes at a hefty price of $36 but trust, it is totally worth it! People raved about the kimchi as well but I thought it was spicier than usual and didnt understand the hype. Maybe I dont know authentic kimchi but I know the other two items are legit.**TIPS**1) A noodle soup and an order of short ribs would be enough for 3-4 people. Definitely share and enjoy this awesome food.2) We came on a Monday at 7:30 and this place gets packed. We waited a good 30-40 minutes but it is totally worth the wait. 3) Enjoy!!!!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,8/11/2014,805,256,11,15,16>i pass this place ALL THE TIME when i walk downtown or when i'm just taking a walk. i finally came here with Kenny P. the other day because he said it was the best pizza place evaaarrr and i must try. I didnt eat all day and it was dinner time so i was STARVING.We sat down and this really nice waitress we got us waters and was super helpful on what to choose. We ended up getting a medium half T-bird special and half Great Graffiti. Those were both thick crust type pizza, but there were also lots of thin crust pizzas too! The pizza came out super fast in a deep dish type of serving pan. It had little nibs on the bottom and i read that it helps the pizza from getting soggy on the bottom and lets it get all crusty and yummmyyyThe t-bird special was loaded with toppings like green peppers, onions, sausages ... etc. The tomatoes on top were super fresh bc it looked like they put it on after the pizza cooked. super delicious. The Great Graffiti is like a Hawaiian pizza. the pineapples they put on there were Dole pineapples so they were super sweet and complimented well with sweet-savory palate. They dont skimp on the pineapples like they do other places (: I liked this place a lot, i ate 3 huge slices and almost a 4th! Which is actually a huge feat for me because i'm so tiny so i usually eat like 2-2/12 slices of pizza. I think the medium for $20 is fine for us two , but it would be hard to share a medium with 2 guys who are trying to BULKK LOL ! we only had 2 slices left! and i dont even eat that much
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,7/6/2011,284,70,15,9,8>Boiling Crab!!! Wow!!! This place is caused an orgasm in my mouth!!! I drive by here all the time yet in the past 2 years I've never decided to try it out... until now =) and let's just say that I feel like such a fool for not coming here sooner. So now for my review: I had 2lbs shrimp, 1lb crawfish, 5 corn cobs, and 2 orders of the 12pc sausages, all seasoned with rajun Cajun spice, lemon, and garlic. I never been here but I knew what to expect due to pictures I saw on yelp and from looking at nearby tables. First the waiter covers my table with one huge piece of paper, then he just dumps a random amount of lemon wedges directly onto the table. Apparently no utensils or plates necessary. Love it!!! Shortly after another waiter comes with a metal tin and pulls out a large bag containing my entire order!! The entire place already smells like garlic and shrimp but when I opened the bag, OMG the aroma was so breath taking! You can smell the shrimp and sausage mixed with garlic and spices as you're trying to figure out how to open the bag without making a mess (impossible).... I started with a crawfish. After digging one out of the buttery red juices contained in the bag, I ripped off the tail and immediately sucked out all the contents of it's head/body cavity! A burst of creamy, garlicy, and spicy citrus just flowed into my mouth and I was in Heaven... Finished the tail then began the same process with a shrimp. Again I was floating on cloud nine! As the sausage, fogetaboudit!!! The smokey flavor of the sausage mixed with the juices from the garlic and spices was literally to die for! The overall experience was well worth the wait. Cons:Wait Time- As stated in several other reviews, this place has a ridiculous wait time. We were told 2.5 hours and almost waited the entire time until we sat down. Of course we didn't actually stand there like idiots waiting. We browsed Target for a while. Booths- We were seated at a booth which I thought was pretty nice and cozy... until I actually sat in it. I'm not exactly a terribly large guy, only 6'4" and 300lbs, but that damn booth was way too cramped for me! It was like trying to put a whole Tuna into a Sardine can! Bibs- While the need for a bib seemed a lil funny to me, at the start of my meal I realized that it plays a vital role in the defense of your T-shirt!! The reason I still name this a con is because the bib design does not exactly make it easy to use. It's almost like giving me a rocket launcher with instructions in Hebrew. And once you get it situated, it's such a cheap and flimsy material that it never stays in place. A soldier going AWOL!Pros:The food is absolutely amazing and the place is well decorated with all types of oceanic decor. Imagine if Bubba Gump's and and the Loft (downtown SJ) got drunk at a Mardi Gras celebration and made wild, passionate, love with each other?... Boiling Crab would be the unexpected love-child!!!!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,7/5/2011,410,351,10,13,10>"You can get Chinese food anywhere, but you can only get Tao Tao Beef here." My boyfriend makes a great observation. I like a place with a signature platter that lives up to the embolden name out front.The Tao Tao Beef did not disappoint. It is sweet, tender, boldly seasoned and downright shovel-worthy.I had a very classic vegetable fried rice that was reminiscent of the greatly romanticized Chinese delivery places of my youth. And the wontons? Almost too much to handle. They were very generous with the portion sizes.What impressed me most of all was the service of this fine establishment. Fast, competent and eager to please. I've complained in 99% of all of my other Asian cuisine reviews about how a waiter won't even approach your table if you are missing one person in your party. You have to ask the water boy if you want tea, you end up looking like you could get a great job as an aircraft director with your magnificent flagging-down-the-server skills.This was not the case at Tao Tao upon our visit. Our waiter was the first person to greet us. "Water and tea?" he asked."Yes, please." My boyfriend was in the bathroom and the waiter approached me sitting at the table alone. Fantastic.The waiter then stood far enough away that I could barely see him in my peripheral vision. He came right over as soon and we folder our menus down in front of us."Are you ready to order?""Yes, in fact, we *are*"Tao Tao, your beef and great service are a lot to brag about. Thanks for making me one huge fan. This place is very classy, well-decorated and a great model of what Chinese dining is all about.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,7/4/2011,388,717,5,62,49>I been in a Kebab mood and been trying to find places to check out. One night I thought to try something new and pick up dinner here. Follow what the Yelpers suggest you to order and you can't go wrong. Love the Chicken Samosas, those are de-lish!! Perfectly cooked and crunch on the outside. I end up ordering the Chicken Bi-rite? I think that's how you spell, but overall was full of flavor and juicy. The rice was not bad either but a little spicy for me. You can ask in terms how hot you want your food. Food was good and would love to come back for some Chicken Samosas. Will keep in mind when I am in the area again.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,7/3/2011,1019,787,7,8,8>Located inside the Lawrence Plaza food court. Wow their shaved ice is YUMMY! Shared a large lychee shaved ice with four other people. The shaved ice is really fine and I don't know what it is but it was so freakin' good. The combo of lychee-flavored shaved ice with mochi, some sort of peanuts shavings, condensed milk, etc. I come to this food court a lot and I'm sad that I waited to try this place for so long. Good job Yelp for making me come try it.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,7/1/2011,352,471,8,14,12>I remember the old days of going to flea markets to check out fresh produce, misc goods, and white socks and underwear.  This was the first time I've visited San Jose's Flea Market, and was amazed by not only the organization, but the cleanliness, and family friendly atmosphere.The first things I noticed: mesh panels to provide shade, a dedicated produce section, and amusement park like rides for the little ones.  Wow.I remember walking under the hot sun for several hours, but here, you've got shade and places to sit AND eat.  Yeah, these little things don't sound like much, but when you think of a flea market, these little things make this place way better than other flea markets.The produce sellers are always friendly and quick to give you a sample of their goods.   While most sellers do provide the same veggies/fruits, it's only because that is what's in season.  This gives you an slight edge on negotiating great prices.As with any flea markets, you'll find an abundance of car audio, car parts, underwear, socks, bras, cell phone accessories, sunglasses, woman's apparel, sports gear.The area's near the entrance are geared toward "stores" while the back side is geared toward individual sellers.All and all, I'm a fan!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,6/30/2011,783,653,19,29,24>Wow....I'm not sure how long this spot has been here for....as i know it's been tofu/korean place before....But i sure am glad this exists super close to where i work.The Hoagie Phillycheesesteak is bomb. The sub is huge and really packed with steak. The garlic fries is not bad either. It's crisp and really explodes some garlicious taste in the mouth.I'd definitely come back to maybe try out the wings next time.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2011,6/29/2011,1070,862,12,17,16>Bumpin musicSlick DJ's Fog Machines and... Lazer Rays. Every South Bay house head knows that this poppin little dive is THE  place to go for your fix. The Cardiff consistently has amazing house music most days of the week. You will always see a decent dance circle, and happy people groovin.Solid.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,6/28/2011,1117,183,6,15,9>So I have been having a rough time lately and I felt like a need for a change.  I am definitely different than the normal clientele that this place is used to, being a guy, but I have to say from the moment I walked in here I felt completely welcome.On the recommendation of a friend I made an appointment with Kay Capato, and I was in love.  She is amazing, especially with clients who do not know exactly what they want.  Her consultations are thorough and she takes direction exceptionally while maintaining an innovative edge which I think makes her one of the best colorists/stylist in the area.  She gave me a fresh new look, which I love, the color is rich and healthy.  The cut was utterly perfect.  I could not be happier and cannot wait to go back.Seriously Yelpers, if you need your hair colored or styled, whatever it is you need, call Kay.  You will laugh your ass off and will look better than you ever have before..5 stars!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,6/27/2011,2068,6,41,48,43>Something told me to eat lunch at Story Road so I can see if Bambu Snack & Coffee Shoppe's fourth location will be open today. There is nothing more exciting for me than to see a Grand Opening sign spread across the top of the front door of a new business.  It is a thriving new franchise that started when a pair of beautiful entrepreneurs (Vietnamese sisters) started to expand the family che enterprise from their original location in Hostetter near Ranch 99 Supermarket to other Vietnamese communities.  The friendly clerk took my order and asked me if I have been to their Hostetter location. I have been to all of them including the one on Aborn except for their newest location Stockton Blvd in Sacramento. She gave me a funny look when I asked her to add coconut milk into the #1 Bambu Special which already has young coconut, pandan jelly, and tongan, and basil seed for $4.25. Out of 97 items of milk teas, hot drinks, cold drinks, frappuccino, smoothies, and che, this is the most popular and expensive item. The che at Hien Khanh inside Grand Century and Thanh Son across the street next to Lee's Sandwich costs about $1.50 for a small cup. The margin is to pay for the nice contemporary interior with the elegant petite chandelier above the register on top of the granite countertop, the cute round coffee tables to sit and watch Vietnamese music videos, the fresh displays of signature colorful orchids, and of course, for the bathroom behind the wall with painted three bamboo trees. Most Vietnamese sandwich shops or che places do not have bathrooms  like the competing New Bambu in Milipitas. They don't give you as much fruit in the Che Thai with durian here but I will sacrifice knowing that I have temporarity relieve nearby. A couple of years ago, Mr. Casanova introduced me and his recently enhanced lover to Bambu. Now everyone knows about this brand, including my sister-in-law who wants to open one too. Unfortunately, the owners of Bambu are only expanding the business within their family so Chi Thuy, you will have to think of a new name (warning: stay away from the name New Bambu) or else they will sue the pants off of you. With the forecast of huge profitability, maybe they can spare some change to fix the front of my car because that cement block in the front parking space facing the entry always skin my Lexus. When Banh Xeo A Phu was here I used to scrape the bottom of my car too. Today I was so excited to know that it was Grand Opening that I nearly ran into their glass double door.   I am proud of Bambu for having a vision to make my favorite dessert, che, a household name.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,6/26/2011,736,863,14,16,14>Who would have thought to create a burrito out of ingredients used in Indian cuisine?! Well, Curry Up Now has created and mastered it with their chicken tikka masala burrito. YUM! I guess it's possible to create a burrito out of just about anything nowadays. First, it started out with Korean inspired kimchi burritos, which consisted of kimchi and barbecued short ribs. Now, this!I got to try the burrito at the first SJ Eats event and it was so delicious and flavorful. The chicken was tender and there were plenty of veggies in the burrito that added a nice bite to the creamy curry sauce. The burrito was humungous and good for sharing--or at least for me it was. I also tried the deconstructed samosa and it was very well prepared. The deconstructed samosa (yelp.com/biz_photos/B_pm) basically had all the ingredients that would normally come in a samosa, but it wasn't a stuffed pastry. The peas, onions, ground meat (beef or chicken), potatoes, lentils, and coriander is all tossed together like a salad. It wasn't heavily spiced and it tasted great.It still amazes me how a catering truck can carry such good food. Prices are reasonable and I wouldn't mind having another burrito right about now. And oh, I really like that they change their menu all the time!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,8/30/2014,109,213,6,17,10>Rarely do I ever give out 5 stars. I must be super impressed for me to shell out all 5 stars. Here's the story. I was in the area checking out Clover for some crab & fish roe buns. Btw...don't buy them all because I want some. Walking towards Mitsuwa,  spotted signage for T Leaf Teaspresso. So I checked them out. Second day of their soft opening. Every thing looks nice and clean. Staff are super friendly. So, they brew their tea same way as Tea Island, which I like because they brew tea per cup when ordered. This is fresh. They cost a bit more than other places but I guess they think they'll be in competition with Tea Station (coming soon a few doors down). not to fret, I've been to most Tea Stations all over Calif and they don't wow me.I will definitely be a loyal customer as soon as they have those frequent buyer cards in. I mean, that's what really keeps me coming back often. ;)Try the agar pearls. They're new to me and very interesting, if you like crunchiness. I didn't catch their hours of operation but I sure hope they open late.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,8/29/2014,139,131,5,11,8>Oh my goodness, this place was definitely better than I expected! I went here with my family for my father's birthday earlier tonight and I honestly expected to eat just ordinary Vietnamese food here, but almost every dish here was packed with flavor. This restaurant is probably tied with my other favorite Vietnamese restaurant in San Jose called Nha Trang.Some of the dishes we ordered and that I'd recommend include:- grilled onion beef (onions wrapped around a piece of beef; can eat with a piece of lettuce and it tastes amazing!)- lemongrass chicken (very flavorful and tender!)- fried eggrolls (awesome crunch and filling)- soft shell crab (delicious, moist, and fried to perfection)However, I'd avoid the Sweet and Sour Catfish soup. I often enjoy this soup very much, but it was a bit too sour for my taste buds here.Also, our waiter was very, very kind and patient with us throughout the entire night so we gave him an extra tip personally to thank him for his awesome service. I'd usually take pictures, but I think my family was too hungry to wait so we dug right in! You don't need pictures to trust me on this one. Vung Tau is a great restaurant! :)
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,8/28/2014,396,240,14,16,16>I came here for date night a couple weeks ago around 7pm. We were lucky enough to be seated immediately! Score! We ordered the Family Combo 3 which came with beef slices, pork belly, steak, kimchi stew and kimchi fried rice. All this with banchan... good thing I wore my stretchy pants! This was wayyy too much food for my date and I, but we managed to make somewhat of a dent. We also got a tasty seafood pancake. I especially liked the pork belly and steak. I also really liked the banchan. I always associate great banchan with great Korean restaurants! We requested the kimchi fried rice at the end of our meal. We were stuffed, but ate it anyway because it was soo good. Service was quick and efficient. They do all the cooking for you. I never really felt the need to cook myself as they were always there at the right time! Great option for dinner. Pretty good value too!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,8/27/2014,132,323,6,5,7>Holey moley this place is big! I was told they moved in the warehouse about 8 months ago, but you'd think it was fairly recent. They have a TON of stuff, and I mean a TON. There were areas I wasn't sure if I was allowed to go, especially the area where they pack their online orders! They have a lot of things that you would need for hair, nails, and waxing all for a fairly decent price. There are some makeup items, but just a few of the lower cost brands like NYX, etc. The staff were really helpful!Oh, the lashes! There are so many different kinds of lashes from Red Cherry and Andrea! Surprisingly, they didn't carry the #66 from Red Cherry that I like, but I did pick up a few others.I wouldn't go here if you have space/claustrophobia as things are really cramped, but if you're okay with that, then by all means, go for it. It's place in an industrial area so if you drive nice and fancy cars, please be warned that the roads might be in tip top shape!Did I mention, A LOT of stuff? Yeah, they have a lot of stuff. You'll find Pureology, Redken, Kenra, Catwalk, Bed Head, Crew, Gigi, OPI, Orly, Essie, Perfect Match, Gelish, CND, Satin hair developer, etc. A lot, a lot of stuff. If you like a place a little nicer looking, you can visit their store in Santa Clara. It's a  lot smaller (still a little cramped, but not as bad) and if you are closer to that side, you can always ask them to bring things over from the warehouse and just return to that store!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/26/2014,360,127,14,20,12>Repairing/replacing window screens isn't something most people(including myself) are likely to know how to approach, so I did a quick search on my Yelp app, and the The Mobile Screen Guys(5 stars) surfaced to the top with a resounding thump.Elizabeth(who will most likely answer the phone) will cheerfully and carefully explain the process and pricing structure. I equate her customer service skills to Nordstrom's top tier staff.John(the owner) currently has 3 identically equipped state of the art trucks, in which he can perform an on the spot re-screening of your existing screens; If you decide you want new screens constructed, it will likely take about a week to a week and half .For the latter, they will take measurements and record them while simultaneously creating a customer profile on their iPad which is quick and efficient, not to mention very 'green'. Credit card transactions are performed on the spot, and an invoice and receipt are emailed to you nearly instantaneously. After your new screens arrive, they will carefully install your new screens and haul away your old ones. What really separates this business(besides the quite reasonable pricing and top notch product quality) is the level of service John and his staff provides. I don't recall ever dealing with a small business that displayed the level of enthusiasm and passion in their service from the first call to the smooth and thorough project completion.Your quick takeaway should be this,  "The Mobile Screen Guys are the 'Nordstroms' of window screens."
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,8/25/2014,312,467,10,14,13>NEIGHBORHOOD BBQ JOINT NOT TO MISS!---THE DEETS:- I heard about Smoking Pig BBQ from my co-workers- Decided to stop off and pickup food to-go since it was an on-call work weekend- Fast service, friendly staff and bustling on the weekends---ON THE MENU:- BBQ Chicken, Beans and Corn Bread---OVERALL:- Fantastic experience. I found parking easily in their small lot. Customers were walking in and out of the restaurant which helped shuffle parking spots throughout the day. I walked in, ordered my food at the back counter, sat for about 5 minutes and my order was ready. When I got home, the bbq chicken was good. They really draw out all the fat from the skin and leave this nice crispy outer layer. The chicken was tender. It wasn't slathered in sauce, which I'm thankful for, but they did offer lots of bbq sauce on the side. The beans were good and the cornbread was ok. Large portion of chicken, but best bang for my buck. Would recommend this place to others. Unfortunately, I didn't have any of the pork or ribs but from what I understand they are just as good if not better. I will return.#462
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,8/24/2014,259,319,8,12,10>As far as breakfast in Campbell goes, Hash House rocks my socks off! Came in at 10:30, aka breakfast rush hour and they had us seated in a timely manner. Friendly, helpful service and clean as one would expect from a brand new restaurant. The Corned Beef Hash Benedict was AMAZING like were talking fresh delish corned beef hash homemade Benedict sauce and eggs done right. Top notch!The strawberry mimosa with strawberry purée was served in a goblet Bills style, but no skimping on the fresh berries! I'm all about Hash House, would like to see more breakfast places like this around!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,8/23/2014,145,189,5,13,5>Dang. This place has very good $20 hour-long "foot" massages. I use quotes because they also massage the head, neck, arms, legs, and back. Less than half of it was spent on the feet, which for me, is a good thing.I felt like I was massaged by strong and loving hands. Pressure ranged from soft to medium, so it was quite relaxing. It went very well with the soothing zen-like music and dark setting.They do also offer a more expensive full "body" massage for those who want a deep-tissue massage similar to ones found at $80-120 hour-long massage shops.As for me, the foot massage more than suits my needs.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,8/22/2014,626,485,7,15,12>I came to see My back in November of 2013 and I am still getting compliments on my hair to this day! I've referred a couple of people to her as well. Her work speaks for itself and you can see through her pictures the quality and what to expect.Even with all those pictures, being paranoid over controlling me, I still talked her ear off about my concerns, what I wanted (well blended sunkissed natural not too ombre), what I didn't want (brassy orange-y bad ghetto asian hair), and showed her my own pictures of hair from pinterest. Basically, I have no shame. I even pointed out pictures on yelp of her own work that I didn't want. LOL. Of course, she took it like a pro (hey everyone has their unique tastes). Long story short, she was flexible, responsive, and professional. She even threw in a bang trim and has offered for me to drop by any time for a complimentary bang trim. The most surprising part was when I asked her when I should make my next appointment, her response was "in 6 months." Total shock for a compulsive beauty treatment addict like me. I was hesitant at first but it's been about 4 months and my hair still looks great.Text her for a fast response and follow her on Instagram for hair pics!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,8/21/2014,392,181,5,13,10>I was craving some Malaysian/Singaporean food yesterday and decided upon this place since i was in the area. This place delivered. Delivered good.My desperateness lead me here as the first customer 10 minutes before the restaurant opened. We were seated right away (obviously, hah). We sat the prime real estate location, which was a huge booth.For appetizer, I got the combination beef and chicken satay because satay is seriously a weakness of mine! I love grilled meats on sticks with a sweet curryvacious sauce. It was really nice. I would recommend anyone getting that. The beef was really nice as well as the chicken - I thought they both tasted equally as nice. You get 4 chicken sticks and 3 beef sticks. Sauce was awesometastic and peanuty. For the main dishes, I ordered the char kway teow. I liked it but I didn't love it. It tasted like noodles stir-fried in fish sauce. Which, fish sauce is wonderful but I didn't think the noodles had much depth beyond that. It's still fantastic though, and it was nice and hearty. The other main dish was the chicken laksa. That was insanely good! Our waiter said that the laksa made at their restaurant is more of a Malaysian flavor. In it was a huge bowl of savory soup complete with 2 kinds of noodles. The soup was incredibly flavorful and aromatic. The coconut was very distinct in the soup base and worked really well with the noodles. I highly recommend that if you're looking for something hot and rich that's also unique in flavor. It made my taste buds dance the erotic dance. Too good. Also, if you look the photos I uploaded, the portion size is fit for Paul Bunyan. For $8.95, I don't even think you can get that in the most questionable of neighborhoods and we're talking San Jose near the Cupertino border. Or is it a border thing...? Nevermind, won't go there.In addition to the wonderful food, our waiter was also so kind. They gave us a complimentary roti appetizer. When I asked why this was happening, he mumbled something I didn't quite get but something along the lines of "Sometimes our manager...". The roti was really good. The bread was piping hot and the sauce was the perfect amount of sweet and savoryness. At the end of the meal, our waiter brought us a complimentary mango shaved ice dessert! What?! I was really shocked at the treatment because I did not complain about anything and I felt like I was treated like a queen. I almost thought, is he mistaking me for someone I'm not?! But alas, i think it was the kind gesture of the manager who happened to be in great spirits and wanting to welcome new customers. The dessert was really yum! The shaved mango ice was tropical and refreshing, not too sweet. The fresh mangos on top were the perfect ending to a fulfilling lunch. I'd definitely come back, not only for the food, but for the service they provided without question.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/2/2008,1/15/2008,365,288,12,16,13>The Mrs. and I came here for dinner and a movie last night (what a KICKIN way to ring in the New Year, huh) as the kiddos were out of town and we wanted to pretend we were normal civilians.It being January 1st, not a lot of places were open, so we came here for some Mexican comfort food.  Granted, we weren't in a partying mood after New Years Eve, and therefore we had no magaritas, so you have to take this review with a grain of salt right there (get it?!).I had some yummy seafood enchiladas and my wife had chicken fajitas which were also delicious.  Especially good were the refried beans that I scooped up with the chips and salsa - which are also really good with fresh chips and a nice picante salsa.My only carne asada with this place is that it's just on the expensive side for what it is, and in a town with any number of awesome tacquerias.  We paid almost 30 bucks (including tip) for two plates of food and no drinks, so I can only image how much damage can be done once the tequila starts flowing.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,1/14/2008,412,187,38,11,14>You don't come here for "fine dinning". You come when it's 9PM, your ass is hungry and you're in Fremont.-5 stars for the owner calling me "The Boss". (verbatim: We're in America! You women are always the boss)Preach.-5 stars for my dining companion getting white Tzatziki sauce on his face.Halal Bukkake! Hot!- 5 stars for letting us walk in past their closing time and still letting us enjoy our food. - 4 stars for really really really garlicy Garlic Chicken. Still, very good. By my calculations, that's 4.75. No, don't second guess me, I'm Asian. I calculated that before I even thought about writing this review.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2007,1/13/2008,5,8,6,5,6>If this was the Texas Bread House, it'll be 5 stars (well maybe 4). The bread is delish! The bread has a glaze on top (a glaze of what? I have no idea, but it is shiny), the bread on its own is good, but great with the cinnamon butter. If there's bread lovers with you, always ask for more bread when the first basket arrives, to alleviate the wait.I ordered the dish with the sides. The house salad was okay and the chilli came with saltine crackers. The steak I ordered was decent, I wanted a medium rare and gave me a medium well (I saw the Waiting, so i didn't return it)
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,1/12/2008,264,122,5,16,15>Hidaya Foundation is a charity organization. At this moment Hidaya is focusing on the tragic Cyclone Yemyin that hit the already poor Balmochistan and Sindh Provinces of Pakistan in June 07. Nearly 50% of the 20,000 families in these areas have lost their homes.   One Sunday Papa and I stuffed dozens of our finest oversized, undersized, "so last year" "so not my style... any more" clothing gear into several large bags and sped off to Hidaya Foundation's donation center.After an hour and a half of searching and searching in Timbuktu we finally found this darn place! A Calm Caucasian gentleman stood in front of what seemed like a gigantic garage, inside was giant piles of clothes, tables, canned food, mattresses and bunch else, that will all be going to these helpless families recouping from the cyclone. Papa and I handed over the bag of clothes and also gave an additional donation in cash. I'll say it again, I am no saint, but just the thought of helping another human in need is a pleasant sentiment. It would be an even greater feeling to go to Pakistan some day and run into some kid wearing my good ol' Giants hat with the fitted Fubu jersey and old school Converse. =D I know there are people suffering here in the U.S. but if you can, please make a difference in the life of someone suffering abroad. Karma is beautiful.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2007,1/11/2008,65,77,16,11,10>*in the voice of an overly-excited 5 year old*I BOUGHT A BUCKET AND THEN I MADE A SANDCASTLE AND I WANTED THE OCEAN TO EAT IT BUT I PUT IT TOO FAR AWAY SO I MADE ANOTHER ONE RIGHT BY THE WATER AND THE WAVE ATE IT AND I LAFFED AND THEN WE RODE THE SKY THINGY AND I PLAYED SKEEBALL AND I WON A BUNCH OF STUFF AND THEN WE RODE THE BIG SCARY ROLLER COASTER AND THEN I HAD A CARAMEL APPLE AND IT MADE MY TEETH STICKY!!!!!ps: you owe me a new digital camera, santa cruz. don't think i've forgotten...--- UPDATE 1/11 ---Santa Cruz apparently spoke with Santa Claus, who delivered a shiny new camera for Christmas. :)
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2007,1/10/2008,33,39,22,12,9>All the previous reviews have said it all.  Yet, I found Dr. Ho's office because of Yelp and was given a "Yelp credit" for having mentioned it, so I would be shirking my sense of karmic responsibility if I didn't leave a review here myself.  I knew I liked Dr. Ho when I discovered we share a rather geeky hobby.  This creates a real conflict, because every time I visit, I want to "talk shop", which is utterly impossible with that damn rubber tarp and an assortment of metal things rattling around in my mouth:"So how do you like the new cahgah ooh uh ugh-yun wah?"Dr. Ho is awesome, but she apparently does not speak retard.  However, that aside, there's a nice movie collection and generally tolerable background music, with one particular exception.  (Gwyneth Paltrow sings?  Really?!  Good thing she's got that acting thing as a fallback.)The procedures really are as painless as everyone said.  I've had a crown and more cavities filled than Jenna Jameson (*rimshot*) here, and haven't ever felt anything past mildly uncomfortable, even when warned I might.  The staff's always upbeat and fun, and I usually leave in a better mood than when I came in.  Can you say that about your dentist?
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2007,1/9/2008,192,216,7,14,10>Pictures! Pictures Pictures! It's that time of year again...There are a bunch of Bay area locations, but this one in San Jose is wonderful! We were afraid of the holiday crowds going for family Christmas photos, but we arrived early (11:30am) enough to get right in and out! No waiting for us! But it did get very busy later in the day.The same guy who greeted us was also our photographer and customer service rep that walked us through the whole process. He was very professional, helpful, and patient with us.Here's what to expect:1. Get dressed and ready before you arrive. They do not take reservations or call ahead appointments.2. Choose from their Package List (Costs vary depending on the amount of: sitting poses/ # of shots taken/ Varying sizes like wallets and enlargements). You can choose a mixture of your favorites.3. Go into the back studio and choose a back drop scene.4. The photographer will assist you on the poses. He would actually show you where to stand and how to hold your lady. (I felt like prom all over again)5. After all the poses are completed. You have to wait or go run errands and come back 30 mins later while they print the master copies.6. Then you choose the best pictures and determine how many wallets and enlargements you want. Wait or come back another 30 mins.7. Finally, you pick up all the finished photos. Likes: Low pressure sales. Knowledgeable & friendly staff. No crowds. The final product comes out better than expected. Shopping areas to kill time are close by.Dislikes: You do not get to keep digital copies. The props are a little worn and dated. The facilities need some serious dusting and cleaning.Overall, my GF and I we very satisfied by the whole experience. We'd definitely come here again!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2007,1/8/2008,1218,738,29,25,22>i really miss korea. the food, the women, the drinking, the women, the food, the women, the drinking, the women.in korea, the food is amazing. they have neighborhoods entirely dedicated to certain dishes. some of my favorite places in seoul....the suh suh kalbi neighborhood,  *literally standing up kalbi* named for the famous converted oil drum tables, where you stand around it, picking at juicy, INCREDIBLE pieces of meat. the duk bok khee alley in bundang.....see pics, enough saidthe kae jang (raw marinated blue crab) neighborhood.....oh good lord, im about to tear upso why all this reminiscing? i just  went down to santa clara to eat at ilbunjee. ......wait a minute...holy crap, ive been here before, dood this place is awesome. damn cloudy memory of mines.... yeah so, this place, its not cheap. pojang machas, a tent restaurant, is what they try to emulate and food wise, they do. but in korea, the pojang machas, you can literally feed a table of five with $20. here, each serving is about a 20. no worries.the food itself is excellent. they too have the converted oil drum tables, but they also have seats. the service, ehhh. i was asked to use my inside voice, so no koreanangrymaneuge voice. however, quick tip. around koreans, and especially in korea, you cant be timid..... *cough* (channeling russel peters) BE A MAN. you dont ask for things in places like this you politely demand things. "no, were not mad, thats just the way we talk. "the menu? all sorts of pork belly, beef -- ribeye steak, marinated ribeye, thinly slices fatty ribeye..... some soups and soju and beer. so yeah, eat, drink, be merry, then next morning go to your job and be miserable, smiling on the outside, dying on the inside.... then eat, drink, be merry..... its the korean way!!!!! woohoo!!!too bad this place is soooo far from the city. hmmmm anyone want to open a place like this with me? im serious. this would do very well.edit : fare bit of advice, this aint even close to what most of you would think is a bareboned, no decor korean restaurant. when i say bareboned, i mean NOTHING. no ventation. nothing on the walls except a few specials written in korean. they bring out portable propane grills, you get covered in smoke, fat pops off the grill constantly........ such a good time.  BRING A KOREAN WITH YOU. no seriously, its pretty much mandatory, although their menu DOES have english translations.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,1/7/2008,437,897,2,11,11>Authentic Chinese BBQ complete with vintage flavors that you would know about if you can recall the days MSG was used for foods.  It was watching a vintage recording of the Galloping Gourmet  where in one episode Graham Kerr describes the true purposes of MSG.   Only the worlds most hardfast replicators of those flavors can be found in the Bay Area, and Ton Tho Tuong being one of them.  To understand the unique flavor, you need to understand what is it...What is monosodium glutamate (MSG)? MSG is a flavor enhancer which has been used effectively for nearly a century to bring out the best flavor of foods. Its principal component is an amino acid called glutamic acid or glutamate. Glutamate is found naturally in protein-containing foods such as meat, vegetables, poultry and milk. The human body also produces glutamate naturally in large amounts. The muscles, brain and other body organs contain about four pounds of glutamate, and human milk is rich in glutamate, compared to cow's milk, for example.Glutamate is found in two forms: "bound" glutamate (linked to other amino acids forming a protein molecule) and "free" glutamate (not linked to protein). Only free glutamate is effective in enhancing the flavor of food. Foods often used for their flavoring qualities, such as tomatoes and mushrooms, have high levels of naturally occurring free glutamate. How long has MSG been used? More than 1,200 years ago, Oriental cooks discovered that some foods tasted better when prepared with a soup stock made from the seaweed Laminaria Japonica. It was not until 1908 that Professor Kikunae Ikeda of The University of Tokyo isolated glutamate from the seaweed and unlocked the secret of its flavor-enhancing properties. Since that time, MSG has been, and continues to be, widely used as an effective means of making good food taste betterHow is MSG made? MSG is usually produced through fermentation, a process similar to that used in making beer, vinegar and yogurt. The process usually begins with the fermentation of corn, sugar beets or sugar cane. The finished product is a pure, white crystal which dissolves easily and blends well in many foods.   described on - msgfacts.comSo, what did the Galloping Gourmet say about MSG?  Well.. it turns out to be widely used back in the 1930s, when everyone smoked.  Smokers, found it hard to taste food because of the loss of sensations in their taste buds. It would be the glutons in these MSG foods could bring back alive with wonderful overwhelming flavors. The restaurant is soon undergoing restoration to better serve guests in a seated area rather than the present takeout only.  I was able to crudely but delightfully enjoy all aspects of my dinner on a makeshift table. I would recommend to accompany your meal, simple white rice, with your choice(s) of meats and water.   Meals come with a wonderful soy mixture in one small container and a very nice chili hotsauce in another container.I ordered a Chinese roasted half duck.  It reminded me of old school Vancover BC chinese district takesouts of the 1970s.  The duck was perfectly sliced and the crispy skins was not oily or over salted.  The meat within the duck was succulent and had the most wonderful texture, reddish color and thickness.  I could not ask for a better duck anywhere at any price.   This restaurant probably would do well to offer a Moo Goo Guy Pan.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2007,1/6/2008,344,213,12,17,19>Sigh.I'm still feelng wonderful from Lisa's massage.  She was nice enough to wait for me when I was stuck in traffic on the SMT and showed up 15 minutes late.  Thank goodness--after that I needed a massage.  She was considerate and talented, and their $25 off for newbies special makes this an incredible deal.  I will definitely be back...I just need to save my lunch money.****I began seeing Erika on a regular basis for acupuncture shortly after I met w/Lisa, and I can wholeheartedly recommend her treatment as well.  Erika is thoughtful and gentle in her methods, and her care in listening to my ailments (and sometimes just my complaints about work and other stressors) really made me feel relaxed and well taken care of when I saw her.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2007,3/20/2008,412,187,16,24,45>Ever since my childhood ramen-induced trauma, I have never touched the stuff. (I'm not joking, see, this is my serious face) Whilst my mother traveled around, she left me in the very "capable" hands of a nanny. Ya-ya Emily couldn't read or write let alone cook, but she let me sleep on her chest until I was 3 and taught me how to weave vanilla blossoms. She also fed me sodium packed ramen. Every. Day. Until. I. Was. 4. After while I was allergic to salt and became the only toddler with high blood pressure. More than a pinch of salt would send shooting pains up my legs and literally debilitate me for a few minutes. Beat that childhood memory. So when my friend offered to take me ANYWHERE for our annual "Last Lunch in America", I decided to conquer my fear and eat ramen, but do it right this time. We got in line at 11:28 and by the looks of things, I thought we didn't make the seating cut. Lo and behold, we got the last seats in the house. The wait for our ramen was especially long because we were last to order, but it was worth the wait. His stewed pork was tender and noodles are by far my favorite food in the known universe. Once I smelled the slightly creamy broth, I was over taken by involuntary memory. With every bite, I could remember how Emily would sing to me in the back yard under the coconut trees, how she kissed my ankles whenever she finished tying my shoes and how I used to bury my face in her hair whenever we rode the jeepney around town. It was good. So good that it made me miss the woman I thought was my mother for the first 5 years of my life so bad I almost cried. Wherever you are, I hope life is good to you. I have nothing to remember you by except noodles in a porcelain bowl, but sometimes even that is enough.(FYI, they're moving to a bigger space at 1944 El Camino Real on the 1st of December)
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,3/19/2008,326,452,1,13,8>This place doesn't look that impressive from the outside, especially considering that its located in a strip mall, but once you walk through Zeni's door you feel you are immediately transported to Ethiopia, with its elaborate, yet cozy decor. You can tell that the owners have put in a lot of time and energy into their restaurant's appearance, and in ensuring a good first impression- which is a great thing! Zeni, by far, has the best ambiance out of all the Ethiopian restauarants I have ever been to.The service at Zeni's is great. It's a family run restaurant, so it can take a while before you get what you ordered, but the service is attentive and friendly. If you are one of those impatient people, I definitely suggest ordering a beer or a glass of tej (Ethiopian honey wine) while you wait, and perhaps some appetizers as well. We ordered sambossas, which were a cross between empanadas (similar crusts) and Samosas (similar filling) and were quite good. We ended up ordering the veggie combo and the meat combo as our entrees. My veggie combo was great. I don't remember the names of the things that came with it, but it was all very good, especially the serving of spicy red lentils- that was the best! he injera was really good too, and they give you a nice amount of salad too. The meat combo, from what I hear, (I am vegetarian... again) was really tasty- especially the chicken. There are some really interesting things about this restaurant, including their traditional Ethiopian dining room, which is a separate little room with really low, straw tables and small wooden chairs with engravings on them. The floors are covered in cow hides... they also have a separate, curtained little room that is somewhat elevated with chairs and a small table with tea cups. I think this might be for the $35 traditional Ethiopian coffee ceremony I saw in the menu. I am really curious about this, so next time I go to Zeni I am definitely going to see what that's all about.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2007,3/18/2008,114,238,3,11,9>My wife had a strong craving for drinking (eating) a thick shake. We searched for Burger places and came across Slider's, and quickly realized they had a veggie burger, amongst many meat choicesWe decided to take a chance, and stopped by for dinner tonight.The interiors were a pleasant surprise. They have a lot of SF pictures, showing Old and New SF. For instance, they have a picture of Lombard street being constructed, and they compare it with a new picture of Lombard. Really nice set of pictures and make an interesting conversation.We ordered a strawberry thick shake, along with burgers and fries. They have a self-serve counter for loading up on condiments, and it includes pineapple, sprouts, relish, amongst the standard choices. Nice :)They served us freshly fried fries, which were really hot, crunchy and nice. The shake was made of Dreyer's and was really good. They served the shake in a plastic cup, with a really tiny straw. We had to suck really hard. We finally gave up and ate it with a spoonThe burger came with a wheat bun. The patty was a standard garden burger patty. We also went for the grilled onion extra, which was a nice touch.The condiments were quite nice, shake was good, fries were excellent, veggie burger was better than expectedThe service was quite good as well.We spent a nice relaxing Sunday evening reading newspapers, watching a football match, whilst enjoying our shake and burger :)Will come back again whenever we have some thick shake cravings.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2007,3/17/2008,68,78,5,12,14>After hours of reflection, I feel the only way I can express my love for Gardino's is by use of an acrostic:G - Geoff. He is the sweetest, most gracious server I've ever had, who also happens to be the assistant manager of Gardino's. To my luck, 9 out of 10 times, he waits on us. I see him quite often, walking around Los Gatos, and it really makes me hungry.A - Appetizing. Everything on the menu is absolutely delicious: ravioli, chicken picatta, mostaccioli and sausage pomodori, and ohhh... can't forget the spicy Charlie sauce! Every meal is accompanied by a basket of baguette and some deliciously infused rosemary olive oil and balsamic vinegar, with a bowl of freshly grated parmesan. If you want to tickle your taste buds, ask Geoff to whip up some "Yummy Sauce" for you. Basil, oil, balsamic vinegar, crushed red pepper, parmesan cheese... It is PHENOMENAL!!!R - Reliable. You can always count on getting good food and excellent service. You can also count on having a short wait to get in the restaurant, because it is always crammed with people.D - Date-friendly. There are a lot of Tables-for-Two in here, and although I've never actually gone on a date here, I like to watch other people go on dates here. There's this one table, in particular, which I call the "Bummer Date" table--coincidently, there is always a really bored/upset/awkward date taking place at this table, and it is totally entertaining.I - Inexpensive. For what you're getting, in Los Gatos. Half-orders here are actually a really decent portion, which average at around $7-8 dollars, and for the caliber of food that's being consumed, that is pretty reasonable. Whole orders range from $11-21, which is actually really decent for good, authentic Italian food.N - Neighborly. Gardino's is pretty small, it's in a small town, and there are seemingly 4 people who work here. It's a family business, and even though the Olive Garden bastardized this proverb for themselves: when you come to Gardino's, you're family.O - Options. 45 menu items you will never get bored of. You can even get something customized for you. Whether you would rather have broccoli instead of prosciutto, or if you want something spicy that isn't advertised as such, these guys will make sure you have exactly what you asked for.S - Salient. After eating here, your eyes will never overlook that flat entry again. You will find your mouth watering, perhaps drooling, at the sight of this restaurant, and who knows... maybe you'll find yourself a permanent seat here like I have, ordering another round of chicken marsala or veal parmesan, or acting like a total fangirl when you see Geoff or Pete strutting down N. Santa Cruz Ave.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2007,3/16/2008,1251,575,7,23,20>This place is more commonly referred to as "Pojangmacha" rather than their DBA "Ilbunjee" or "#1" place.  The term "pojangmacha" refers to the old and shabby blue/white tents that were commonly placed all over Korean cities where people had access to cheap drinks, cheap comfort foods as well as appetizers, noodles, etc. while sitting at a metal table on a probably wobbly stool or bench.  Just as is the case with many things in life, things of days gone by have acquired a sort of novelty now, and eating in this fashion (which was originally for those who could never afford a restaurant) has become a cool way of eating/drinking.I have frequented this place since the week it opened, and have been loyal to this establishment even to this date.  Great owners, terrific food, and really good atmosphere in which to chat, catch up, drink, and eat some good food.They bring to your metal tables a burner and grill on which you will be grilling your meat.  There are ample side dishes including a nice potato salad, kimchi and bean sprouts as well as a mini-shrimp thingie with your share of garlic/peppers, and "ssam" which is a variety of lettuce.  They always serve you "o-daeng guk" first, which is a fishcake soup, which is a perfect chaser if you're drinking soju (as well as being terrific when you're freezing).  Sidenote:  this soup was perhaps one of the most common servings in the real "pojangmachas".Then your meat is brought out.  #1 is has mostly non-marinated fresh meats that you grill at your table and dip into specific sauces that are provided for you.  This is not the same as the galbi you get at other BBQ houses, but rather just plain fresh meat.  Some of the choices you have are ribeye, galbi sans marinade, "heuk dwaejee dam gyub sal" which is pork belly, and even "chun gyub sal" which means 1000 layered pork belly (actually less fat than the 3-layered, go figure), rather than the other variety which means 3 layers.  All of them are good.You dip the cooked meat into the sauce.  Place it into a big piece of lettuce, add a piece of roasted or raw garlic, add a pepper, put a dab of soy bean paste in, as well as some green onions, wrap it all up and CHOW DOWN.  Take a sip of soju and start all over again.  :-)#1 also brought in some interesting seafood items, all raw.  First is something they call "Pan Jogae" - which is actually a sliced raw scallop variety.  REALLY yummy eaten totally raw, or even slightly roasted on your grill.  They also frequently have live "haesam" (sea cucumber) and "mung-gae" (forgive me, I have no idea what this is called in English).  These two are more acquired taste but perfect companions to Soju, in any case.  Served fresh, chilled and absolutely delicious.  They always let me know when they get a great batch in - and I don't hesitate for a second before I order more than we can consume.  (Hint:  get there before I do if you want any!)Another item I usually order, or the owners will often give me as "service" since I am always there and have perhaps taken more business there than anyone in history, haha - is "Gool Tofu-tang".  This is an oyster/tofu soup, extremely light, slightly spicy and so refreshing - - definitely worth a try is you like oysters and/or tofu.This is not a fancy restaurant, and given the definition I provided above of what "pojangmacha" actually refers to, that is no surprise.  Dress code is completely casual - perfect to go to after a game of golf, or just as a dinner after a lazy day.  What this restaurant provides is a totally relaxing environment in which guys and girls alike can hang out and eat good food while getting toasty on soju.  Some only have a shot or two while here, and others will leave more intoxicated than they have ever been due to the good aura of #1 and still, others don't drink at all and come solely to eat.Whatever you choose to do, if you like meat, you are sure to enjoy making this establishment one of your favorites.  It's definitely a place that you can call a "home away from home", you feel it the  first time you enter - and before you know it, you find yourself craving the food there.  It's as authentically Korean as you will get in the Bay Area, for sure.As a sidenote, the clientele is generally all Korean.  People can get a bit loud or rowdy amongst themselves as they drink too much, but that is rare.  FYI - they are closed on Sundays.... it's such a bummer that all of my favorite places are closed on Sundays!!  I can't tell you how many times I used to drive out to these restaurants only to scream in horror when I notice the dimmed out signs.  "WHAT?  NO POJANGMACHA FOR ME TODAY?"  It's like my whole world falls to pieces.....as I begrudgingly try yet another substandard restaurant in lieu of my favorite place due to my hunger pangs.....For people who eat sparingly, it will cost about $25pp.  If you order like me, the sky is the limit....
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2008,3/15/2008,201,444,,8,7>When I lived in Santa Cruz, I used to come here with my ex-boyfriend. We would spend half the day working on stuff for gifts, plus have a nice time together. We'd split up the day with lunch somewhere close by, like the Walnut Cafe, or El Palomar. I also used to love coming here with my sister, just painting away, chatting up a storm, and being creative together. It's so much fun! It's something I'd love to do with my future kids. Ha! Someday....
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2008,3/14/2008,192,216,11,20,16>Excellent service, fun food, upbeat decor, and flavored Soju...equals a great time out!!!My GF & I went to try this place out last night. What a hidden gem! Almost missed by all the "other" Korean bars & restaurants along El Camino Real! We came in to be graciously greeted by a cute waitress, who turned out to be one of the owners, Dionne. She recommended a couple of her favorite items and we LOVED eating and drinking them! The atmosphere was real chill and fun! It's a smaller-intimate place inside with a plasma in the upper corner playing some dance shows & music videos in Korean. It didn't matter that we didn't understand a word, but it was very refreshing to watch and talk with Dionne while welcoming and taking care of all her customers. Throughout the night, people kept coming in to drink and just hang out. All walks of life (business men, bday party, couples, students, etc...) but mostly younger Asian crowd. Our food thoughts:Fish Soup:$12+?- Very HOT! Not only temperature, but the jalapenos made it the right spiciness. It was very tasty and comforting during a cold rainy night. The fish balls and triangles were the bomb.Fried Potatoes:$7.95- Very crispy and hot. I wish we had more, but still simple and yummy!Whole Fried Chicken:$12.95- Chopped into hot wing sized bites. Deep fried Hot, crispy, and tasty! I love KFC= Korean Fried Chicken!Grape Soju: $13- That hit the spot from a long day at work. My GF gets buzzed easily from that stuff. hehehe! Overall, we had a great late night dinner here! We wish the best for this small business with excellent attention to their customers' experiences. Keep it up, we'll be back soon...
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/23/2008,3/13/2008,213,222,13,13,12>My friend and I made plans to actually go somewhere and catch up.  Since I had been wanting to try Tanglewood, we went there.  I am glad that I went with a friend instead of a date, and I shall tell you why.Looking at their menu on-line, I didn't see a whole lot of choices for vegetarians.  There was one chicken dish, so I decided that I would have my monthly chicken item at Tanglewood.  And yes, I am the type of person to figure out what I am going to eat at a place before I get there.So Lisa S. and I arrive.  It's President's Day, so there aren't a whole lot of people there, but still a respectable amount of people there for a Holiday.  We were seated immediately at a nice little table.  The ambiance is great for a date type evening, or for a nice night out with one of your oldest friends in the world.  Our friendly waiter came right up and greeted us and gave us menus.  This is where the night takes a little nose dive.  The menu is different from the one on line, and there is no chicken on it, and the one vegetarian entree is tofu and mushrooms.  Essentially my worst nightmare in vegetarian food.  They have no pasta on the menu, and not even a good salad without meat.  Well, crap.Lisa and I talk about options.  There really aren't a whole lot.  She suggests that I ask if they by chance have any chicken in the kitchen, and then does so herself when the waiter comes back.  He asks us if we have any questions about the menu, and I am not sure if he was ready for the answer to that.  I told him that I was a vegetarian who will occasionally eat chicken, and that I happen to detest both tofu and mushrooms.  I told him that I had seen chicken on the menu on line, and he let me know that they change their menu on a daily basis depending on what fresh ingredients they can get.  That's cool and all, but sheesh, this is the Silicon Valley!  You have all sorts of different people here with all sorts of different eating requirements.  Don't you think you should offer a couple of choices for people who don't eat meat?  How about a pasta or a fancy salad?  C'mon, people!Anyway, he went to check to see if they had any chicken, and I got the feeling that he was a bit embarrassed by the lack of menu items for me to eat.  He came back and told me that they didn't have any chicken, and was starting to apologize.  I told him not to worry, that I would make something work.  And I did.Luckily, they have a variety of sides, and a few meatless apps, so I was in good shape.  I wound up getting the sauteed spinach, the Yukon gold mashed potatoes, and the baked Amish guggisbuerg appetizer, which is Baby Swiss farmstead cheese, grilled bread and roasted garlic.  The food that I got was YUMMY.  Lisa sampled everything, and REALLY liked the spinach, and she doesn't like spinach.  The cheese thing was heavenly, and I could eat it every single day and not get tired of it.  We both got a Bellini, and it was tasty, too.I just think it's kinda lame that I had to get sides and an appetizer for my meal.  I would expect an upscale place like this to have more options for those of us that don't eat meat (or at least have a flipping chicken somewhere back there!).  The food was good, the service was great, and the atmosphere was nice too.  But if I am going to pay $30+ for a meal, I would like it to all be on the same plate, thank you.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,3/12/2008,113,311,5,10,7>I had suddenly been breaking out and despite all my magical creams and formulas, I knew it was time I kicked open the wallet and spend some time at a spa.In addition to some skin therapy, I needed my peach fuzz to be waxed off, and got the combo deal with Helen. I had decided on Loma after the rave 5 star reviews and definitely have to agree; Helen knows her stuff. The dirt that would not budge out of my skin had been wonderfully disposed of, and for quite a few weeks (4, 5+ weeks) I had really glowing amazing skin; my forehead's returned to some horrendous problems and I need to go back but haven't been able to (mega sigh). I did get a lot of advice about products, and I was very wary about them because they seemed expensive and I already had so many at home; I tried one, a facial mask, and I haven't been able to tell if it really works or not. Still, minus the additional products, the experience at the spa itself was pretty great; the only negatives were my massage, because I had requested a normal massage but I think I should've asked for mild to non-existent because I was too nervous and on edge to handle it. The other negative was my cell phone; it wouldn't shut up, and that was my fault. But, Helen's attention to detail saved my skin; it hurts, she knows this and warns you so be prepared--this is not for the weak! She also used some zapper device that, though new to me, am pretty sure did the trick to healing my skin. Her wax job was also very impressive; quick, and only minimally painful.I'd rate Loma a 4.5, but have a feeling they will grow on me; I'm giving them a 5 because the facial really helped me in a time of need.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,3/11/2008,352,471,4,12,12>I've never been a big fan of tamales until trying this place out. The place is kinda hard to find, its located in a strip mall.I tried the pork and chicken and was blown away.  They were nice enough to put my 3 on a sterofoam and plastic wrap it for me to go (because I'm not eating there, this place is tiny!)  the inside reminds me of a chinese dim-sum place because they use those metal stackable steamer thingys.  They had a ton of them going, super stacked, tamales ready to go!There was a good amount of meat and unnoticeable amounts of "filler".  All I can say is, it makes you want to go back for more.  I was drooling even after eating them...heck I'm drooling now just thinking of them!I need to try their sauce next time, which will be soon....
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2008,7/6/2008,109,213,13,21,18>i have yet to sign up for a cake decorating class here, but i will soon. it looks fun. thanks Yelpers for the pictures.i came here in search of cute floral decorations for my cupcakes. they do have some, not in the best shapes...though i saw some crumble and broken. looked for dragees, but couldn't find any.  apparently "silver dragees" are illegal in California. [ sfgate.com/cgi-bin/artic ] ...but i thought the colored dragees are okay.i ended up buying a couple of tips & some rum cake flavoring.this store is loaded with baking supplies, but i couldn't find much for cupcakes. i would think they're stocked with a whole rainbow spectrum of cupcake liners. maybe i didn't look hard enough. for sure, i'll be back to get some cake fillings.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2008,7/5/2008,144,405,55,28,35>Same Day Edit:Here's some 1 star photos from this 1 star event:flickr.com/photos/photos--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------Here are the reasons why this should be a 1-star review:1. Others mentioned they were invited to this event. How come I wasn't given a personal invite? wtf. -12. Mandaloun definitely is a dive-bar. Those cheap bastards use wood to fire up their ovens to cook their pizza. Hello? 21st century anyone? Fossil fuel via gas/electric ovens? wtf. -13. Only four $50 gift certificates were handed out? I walked all of 2 blocks from my work to come here, eat free food, and drink free booze, and they have the audacity to only hand out 4 (four!?!) gift certificates? The other 100+ people only walk out empty handed, with only a free evening of food and alcohol to show for it? wtf. -14. Free appetizers and free alcohol? That's it? Where was my free Painted Hills Ranch Top Sirloin Fillet cooked to order? wtf. -15. Serious crowdedness. Next time you want to not personally invite me to an "Elite" event,  please only invite no more than 8-9 other Elitist of the Elite, and close out the restaurant, so I can enjoy my free evening the way an Elite is supposed to be treated. wtf. -1Wait, that's -5. This should be a 0-star review. I'll be nice.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2008,7/4/2008,615,556,18,19,17>I just got back from my initial cleaning/check-up appointment at Evergreen Dentists with Dr. Jacqueline Nguyen ("Dr. J"). Overall, my experience was a good one. From the start, Jennifer, one of the receptionists, was very clear about prices and explaining things to me. Since I don't currently have insurance (done with school and I'm working a Temp. position = no bueno insurance-wise), Jennifer explained all costs and I was surprised (and happy) to find out that the 1st cleaning/xrays/consult would only cost me $72. That seemed too good to be true, so I called back to verify to make sure I didn't hear wrong--still $72. Unfortunately since it's been over a year since I've been to a dentist, I have two cavities that need to be filled, which is gonna set me back about $400. It has to get done, so I'm not complaining. Just wish I had insurance! (I still think this is probably a pretty reasonable price).Her office is clean and bright and although I felt like the actual appointment was a little rushed, Dr. J was very nice and didn't make me feel bad for not coming in sooner. My teeth now look great! The only weird thing was the air sucker tube thing smelled funny and there was a machine somewhere in the office making farting noises--it distracted me (a good thing) and the hygienist (not a good thing).Dr. J only works Sundays and Mondays but the office has great hours and is open 7 days per week, which is great because normally, I can't get an appointment since I work til 5 and it takes until 5:30 or 6pm for me to get home.So I left with a credit card receipt, a referral to Timothy Nguyen for wisdom teeth extractions (I'm terrified, btw), and an appointment card for my fillings. Dr. J seems great so far, so I'll update once I see her a few more times.*Update* 2/20/08So I've been back to Evergreen Dentists 2x's now. This past Monday for 2 fillings from Dr. J--went pretty well, I guess (it's a drill, so how great can it be?!), but I will say that her technique for the shots was practically painless--even if I had to stop her 3x's to shoot me up more cuz I could still feel it (joy).I made an appointment to go back really quick the next day because my bite felt off and one of the fillings needed to be ground down a little (Something I couldn't feel the day before, being numb and all). So I saw Dr. Browning since Dr. J wasn't in. I was only in the chair for about 10 mins, but she was cool too. And as the ever-irritating Rachael Ray would say, then I was "good to go!"
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,7/3/2008,167,346,17,18,16>Im pretty sure that these guys can make water out of wine.....or at least make a beat to hell pair of saucy kitten boots look like new, with a new heel. I did another famous Kitty move in my shoes - first I was wearing a rather pointy toe/pointy heel pair of unreasonable work type of boots...while I was doing my thing I got my shoe caught in a sidewalk and the tip of my heel came off, leaving a nail exposed and a good reason to buy a pair of shoes on the spot to last me the day.....- el gato fixed those mercilesly - for $6Continuing on, I was walking at the Row in the sunshine last summer and tripped over a dot thingy in the roadway, twisting my ankle and breaking my sky high thongs on the spot......I was able to hobble to Urban Outfitters for a pair of cute Reefs to last me the day......- el gato fixed those and make them like new - for $6And the shoes were all fixed that afternoon.......It is a hole in the wall in El Gato Shopping Center next to Una mas - These guys are awesome and do a great cheap job - the real test will be when they have to even out a badly worn pair of heels on my beloved Steve Madden boots.......I figure maybe they can do some other miracles while I am waiting for my shoes - like make my ass smaller.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,7/1/2008,133,465,12,16,16>Hello, I need 25 limos please.  Can three of those be Hummer limos? Yes, this was a call I was placing for the Great Silicon Valley Caper,  a limousine scavenger hunt, that my agency (EMQ Children & Family Services) was putting on.The people at Mosaic Global Transportation have been great to work with on this event.  Phil McCoy, Director of Marketing and Sales, is a prince of a guy.  We did a dry run of the clue sites.   Nothing like riding around a stretch limo to make you feel rich, powerful, etc.  Of course, it's all an illusion, but the driver and car sure give you the sense that you're a VIP even if it's fleeting.  The limos are immaculate and the drivers friendly.  Next time you want to give someone or yourself the VIP treatment, give Mosaic a call.  They'll treat you right.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,6/30/2008,564,356,45,47,48>Ooohhh - I love it! I came here last night for the UYE with my best friend, Akia to check out the shop and enjoy some wine and brownies (and talk about boys with Serbelle). It is small, however, they have a ton of things to browse through and I really like their selection of jewelry and purses. I was pretty impressed with the prices - definitely affordable for everyone. I actually ended up recommending this place to a few of my GF's already when I spoke to them last night. I didn't get a chance to speak to the Owner, but she seemed semi-nice (to my friend; but I guess there was some miscommunication for that). Nice to me on Yelp, though - Haha!This will probably be my new jewelry hunting ground from now on - Good job with everything last night!P.S. - i have to agree with Elizabeth G. - even though it's smaller than most stores, you can spend hours looking at all of it!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,6/28/2008,388,717,35,22,24>HOT YOUNG ASIAN SUSHI GUY ALERT!!!I been craving for sushi all week.  I wanted to go to Azuma in Cupertino but just to far from work.  So I decided to go to Cherry Sushi. I been here a few times, but this time I just went by myself.  So I went during lunch and the place was busy.  I decided to sit at the bar and out of all days when I am dress like a bum, no make up, and hair in a pony tail. I met this young, cute, hot Asian guy, who so happens to be the sushi master behind the bar.  I swear the dating gods hate me.    So I took my seat and try not to look at him, cuz if I stare to long I might start to drool.  Back to the food, so I wanted a sushi salad so I decided to go with the Hawaiian Pokie Salad and steamed Gyozas for lunch.  The waitress was very nice and she took my order.  Of course the hot sushi guy was preparing my salad and gave me my order.  Biggest smile ever!  So I started to dig in and the first bite I took I thought my hair was going to light on fire!  It was so spicy, but trying to be brave and put up a good front.  I was trying  my best to hold it in.  After the 2nd bite I could not hold it in and was about to cry!  Of course the hot sushi guy notice me and asked me if its to spicy. I was like "Yes! Very! Help!"  He made me another salad that was much milder which was very nice of him.  But I was still trying to recover from the 1st one, of course its really sexy when you start sniffing because your nose is running from the spiciness.  I had my lunch and didn't say anything to the hot cute sushi guy.  I paid and now I think I want to hide under a rock.   Maybe next time I should sit at the table.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,6/26/2008,294,926,15,20,18>I've been to this restaurant at it's old location but only for dinner. Now in it's grand new location, it is now one of my new faves for dim sum in the area. :-) My other is Dynasty yelp.com/biz/dynasty-chi -- that review is complete with dim sum how to's if you're a newbie and a list of my fave plates.Highlights:- Open feel: very open, spacious, and tall ceilings. There is a main floor with the bulk of the seating and then a balcony area on the 2nd level to supplement that. So basically lots of room which is good in comparison to some places that have great food but chaotic spaces that when extreme, can hinder the eating enjoyment factor. Hinder- free here for your eating pleasure. (Man now I have that "Lips of an Angel" song stuck in my head!) Heck, they even gave us a table for 3 generations of a Chinese family for just the 4 of us. Talk about giving us space to enjoy. ;-)- Fancy as in they put effort into the decor: restaurant name etched in the walls, big gold fluffy ornament type things hanging from the ceiling in front, heavy classier chopsticks, etc. If it was on a top floor of a super tall building in the city and packed, I may have not been able to tell I wasn't in a nice restaurant in Hong Kong. 8-) - Dim sum: regular variety (har gow, sui mai, bao, etc.), good quality (fresh tasting shrimp), and sizes (not too small). I was happy they had my tofu skin item I don't always see. Only new item I had was a large potsticker sized steamed dumpling with pork and halved peanuts in it. That seemed odd but was good. I saw some different colored (pink or  green) firm jello-type squares but we didn't try those.- Company: best part of the lunch was of course part of the south bay yelp girls who lunch crowd: Lil Miss Mini Cupcake Queen, Lil Miss Half South Bay/Half City (I'll have to think of a Greek goddess name for her), and Lil Miss "No Pork for Me" Pupusa. I tried to order appropriately for them since I grew up around the stuff and just discovered I'm a dim sum mama piggy compared to those cute lil things! Guess I need a lot of comfort from my Asian comfort food. ;-)Lowlights (my flip side to highlights):- Cha sui baos didn't come til we were already full--hate when that happens! We did have the sweeter baked ones though which were great.- Some time in between carts and some ladies a bit pushy with their plates--normal dim sum experience, really.Great experience and up to par with what I expected, so I'll be back!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,6/25/2008,942,253,20,42,40>My first visit to this Mexican gastronomic delight was a result of a very timely suggestion by a staff member at work.  We were going to do a potluck when she said how about each person chipping in for a REAL Mexican food extravaganza for lunch?  I said where and she said "Mi Pueblo."  Little did I know how often I would return to this place despite the distance from my home way across town....it is so worth the drive!Since that first visit, I've introduced many folks to this amazing grocery time and time again.  I walk around wide eyed like a child in a candy store only I'm all about the below price produce that is varied and incredibly fresh, different types of cheese and freshly made salsas (different types), meats/fish/poultry, tortillas and dry goods (cereals, etc.), bakery and deli.  I had never had cactus salsa before and I liked it (part of that potluck introduction).My two favorite sections of this place are the deli and bakery (they are side by side at the back of the store).  The new improvements in the deli section are the labels in Spanish/English in front of each cooked item.  The cooked foods sit in stainless steel containers heated underneath by water that is simmering underneath and the full color photos hanging just above (i.e. like in a fast food menu) that show each food item and again, the name in Spanish and English.  An employee sticks an automatic read thermometer to insure the food is at the right temperature.  There are many folks working here to help out the masses.  It is from this deli section that our work place potluck took shape.  A year ago sans the spiffy new full color signs and labels, I would point out items and the staff member would tell me what it was.  We ended up with nine different entrees and the per person tab was approx. $10.    I threw in (not including it in the charge for the potluck price) a tres leche mocha flavored cake that was HUGE and only cost me $15!Moving over to the deli section is my hands down favorite: tres leches cake with cajeta.  This is a milk soaked cake drizzled with caramel (while traditional cajeta is made with goats milk, I'm not sure that's the case here; the three "milks" are evaporated milk, condensed milk and regular milk - which I was told by the bakery lady).  There abounds such a huge selection of  cookies, cakes, pastries, flan, and breads.  All can be had for so very little money that I was stunned the first time.Another feature located in the middle between the deli and the bakery is a "drinks" section featuring the freshly squeezed drinks of the day.  There are three drinks available ~ Horchata (rice drink-sweet milky liquid), Pina (pineapple with the pulp bits) and Papaya (with pulp bits).  I'm not big on the horchata but LOVE the pineapple and the papaya drinks....so very cold and your choice of small and large.As with any store, they accept cash, check and credit card/ATM.  Leaving the store with my goods and sipping on my pineapple drink, the scent of charcoal and barbecue chicken wafted past.  I turned to look in the direction of the BBQ and guess what?  It was a "fundraiser" BBQ being held by USC Trojan students (for real folks!)...the line was so long and the prices as cheap as what was inside the grocery.Mi Pueblo es mi querido! (not bad for a person with very limited Spanish eh?)
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,6/24/2008,128,241,32,19,26>I've never felt so ripped off before.I'm not complaining about Yumi Yogurt.  Oh no.  After getting a "small" here, which is huge as others have mentioned, I realized that all the OTHER fro-yo places have been robbing me blind.For less than 4 bucks, you walk away with more yogurt than a normal Asian stomach can handle.  I'm not saying we're skinny, just that we're lactose intolerant.  Ok, maybe that's just me.  Jalepeno Burger from Carls Jr., no problem.  Small yogurt from Yumi Yogurt, eh...I got original tart, peanut butter and angel food cake.  The cake flavor is so-so, I don't really like angel food cake so I don't know why I thought this would be good.  The tart is nice and blends with the peanut butter pretty well.It was so good I came here two days in a row.*  Then I felt sick of fro-yo.  Then I came back the next week.  The police should check to see if they put crack in their mix.*It wasn't MY decision to come back, I blame my wife for that.  haha.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2007,4/30/2007,71,211,25,9,11>I'm not that into writing reviews for places like this.  There are a million of them out there and they are all basically the same.But two weeks ago, Jack In The Box did something that will forever change my life.  I just have to share it with everyone...They have now put a grilled cheese sandwich on the menu.  Yes, I said it, a Grilled Cheese Sandwich.  And let me tell you, this is de-lish!  I have always loved the potato wedges and curly fries, and let's not forget the bruschetta chicken ciabatta.... but Jack In The Box has now taken it to the next level with this lovely new addition to the menu.Minus one star cuz you make me fat.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2007,4/29/2007,236,160,7,7,8>Egg rolls, chow mein, crab, fish, shrimp, beef, veggies, etc, etc, etc.Too much stuff to taste! My tongue can't take it!The food was not impressive, but a girl like me can never resist desert!Desert buffet - Now that's a lot more fitting for me.I only had one plate for dinner. I finished off my plate, and while everyone else was still grubbing on their crab legs, I immediately marched over to their sweets section. It's the only thing I ever look foward to every time I have dinner!They have a chocolate fondue fountain! Imagine me salivating over the sight of that once I saw it. I couldn't stop thinking about it throughout dinner. Oh yes, they have strawberries!And soft serve ice cream.... Am I in heaven?But chocolate fondue, strawberries and soft serve ice cream isn't hard to find anywhere else. But at that time and moment, I was satisfied with my meal because of that.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2007,4/28/2007,853,724,2,11,10>You know how sometimes, when you've just had a perfect evening, you're buzzing for the rest of the night?  Yes, I had some alcohol with dinner, but I also spent a delightful evening with a good friend at Iberia.We caught up over delicious tapas - some more memorable than others - and I am ready to go back for more... like tomorrow!  The prices were really reasonable - mostly between $3-5 each.  (Yes, an automatic 19% tip was added to the bill.  We didn't mind.)Note: The real deal is in the bar area, where they serve tapas.  The dining room has a separate, more expensive entree menu but does serve tapas for lunch only.The seating options were plentiful and interesting - bar, armchairs, and wooden booths.  Nice indoor stove/fireplace area too.  We had the pick of the house at 6 p.m. - no reservation needed.  The place definitely filled up when we left but there was still plenty of seating.  I also really appreciated that there's no rush to get you to leave once you're finished - we just sat and talked until we were ready to go.  Love that!Made me miss Spain so much!!!  Definitely worth many more trips if I can't get to Spain any time soon.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2007,4/27/2007,324,330,20,16,15>Why yes Dr. Barthman I would love some chap stick to make my lips more pliable during the exam...You want me to take my glasses off, and put on safety goggles so nothing sprays into my eyes...sounds great....Of course I would like some headphones, I think today I will listen to Jazz Classics thank you much....Aroma therapy to soothe me before you start...excellent....Hey what's that drill doing there? Is that a blade at the end of that tool? I've been hoodwinked. Bamboozled. I didn't land on this dentist office. This dentist office landed on me!!!!!Aside from the unnecessary evils of a dentist office it is a pleasure to visit Dr. Barthman and her crew. A little icing on the cake... the last time I was there to get a crown, she called me after office hours were over that day to see how I was doing with my teefers. Top notch service.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2007,4/26/2007,78,235,6,6,8>I'm indecisive. So are my friends/co-workers. So it was no surprise yesterday when we drove out of the parking lot, turned onto Hamilton and were approaching our first red light when I first turned to my buddy and said "so where are we eating today?" and he replied with "I dunno, figured I'd let the traffic lights dictate where we turned". Classic.Long story (and drive around San Jose) short, we ended up here on Race Street. Fresh fish, fast service, self dispensing tartar sauce, and an entire counter of fresh seafood to peruse if you have time to kill. I got the grilled talapia and was glad to find their default preparation method is to cajun season it and almost blacken it. It was delicious. It came with veggies too which were decent and rice which was clumpy and not worth my while.I'm reserving one star for when I have a chance to go back and purchase some seafood from the market side of this place. I'm sure it won't disappoint.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/4/2007,4/25/2007,278,355,12,6,8>I eat too much.  I eat out too much and I eat too much.I'm trying to get in shape.  Yeah round is a shape, but I'm trying to get into a different shape.  Trick is to shrink your stomach, eat smaller meals more often.  Some folks say I eat less than girls eat.  Well dang it, they must not have seen me eat ramen plus combo (or Indian buffet or churrasco for that matter).Now a bowl of ramen, that's more than enough for a meal... but the allure of a good deal, now that's overwhelming.  I got the kuro ramen, go figure, its black.  Okay well just the top like an oil spill.  The soup was weak, way too watery.  The noodles were homemade but just wasn't quite chewy right.For the combo I chose the negi-toro.  Now I swear I read negi (green onion) tori (chicken) so I thought, that's different so I'll try it.  It was green onion on some raw pink meat... horrors, raw chicken?  Praises to God that I brought my neighborhood Japanese friend to tell me its fish, silly.  I am so bakatare sometimes.Coming here on the weekend for lunch I like it that Maruichi doesn't close after the lunch crowd.  Well otherwise we'd be screwed since we came after 2:30-3pm or so.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2007,4/24/2007,449,368,6,14,13>For those of us Chinese folks in South County, it has always been somewhat of a no-win situation. For some good old staple cuisine (jook, fun, mein), we have always had to either trek down south to Milpitas, or up north to Oakland Chinatown. We were basically the monkeys in the middle.Well, needless to say, I was more than elated to find the site of the former ABC Vietnamese sandwich and Darda Muslim Cuisine (later changed to Darya) being converted to a Cantonese style diner! Rumor has it that the head chef here is formerly of Joy Luck Place in Cupertino, so you know this has got to be some top notch fare.And that it is! Although somewhat on the steep side in terms of pricing, most of the items we sampled are plenty delectable. From the porridge to the pan fried noodles to the chow fun, you can't go wrong. Also, you MUST try their "yau tiu" (Chinese doughnut), "cheung fun," and the combination of both of them together known as "ja leung." The only place that comes close is Gum Kuo in Oakland Chinatown.I don't really know what W&M and stands for, but we nicknamed the place "William & Mary," which rolls off the tongue much more smoothly! They are open rather late on most nights (varies according to amount of business), to around at least 11 pm. Give it a shot. Those days of driving all across town for some decent latenight fixin's are officially over!I would have given W&M five stars for the food alone, but I really must subtract one whole star for the somewhat mean owners. They never smile, and act like the customers just crashed their dinner party. The other waiters are nice and prompt though, so I guess that partially makes up for it.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2006,4/23/2007,44,139,8,8,7>I like how their logo is this cute happy cartoon lamb, but in reality there's this slaughter house somewhere and those sheep probably aint too happy.   But I'm a CARNIVORE! THANK YOU CUTE HAPPY LAMB FOR BEING SO DELICIOUS(evil laugh).  Seriously, this place is deliciously exotic.  It's not even fair to call this a chinese restaurant just for the fact that it is not the typical "chinese" restaurant you'd eat at in this country.  1. It's clean from the front door to the bathroom.2. Service is at a high level even when they f-up a little. 3. Oh, yeah the food.  It just takes you to another place in such a good way.   The flavors are so different and tasty (see Cindy K's review) and impresses you to the point that this place really may have held on to as much authenticity in the food as possible.  NO WATERED DOWN VERSION TO APPEAL TO US AMERICANS, AT ALL.  Tips:  If only a party of 2, just choose one meat for the pot. Anything more will stuff you to death.  We ordered too much and could've fed 2 more people.  I'd say $25-30 will stuff 2 just right.   Try the half spicy half normal soup base.  The pot is literally divided in half.  Also the place is not crowded at all before 6pm.   Last of all, I recommend 2 bowls per person if you get the 2 soup bases.  It's better to not mix up the flavors.Only gripe is I wish there was a combo meat platter for more variety.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2007,4/22/2007,281,619,3,9,3>QQ is the Taiwanese word for elasticity, which is a positive thing for noodles.  Turned away from Satomi Sushi, we went a few doors down to this place, which was empty by comparison.  The hand-pulled noodle maker guy and waitress were super friendly and nice.  They asked us many times how we liked their food.  The picture book menu with its magnified pics were fun (yes, we can really SEE the food!).  Portions were big and cheap - most of the noodle dishes were $6-8 bucks each and could feed two people. The noodles are long, but you can cut them with the provided scissors to your desired length . . . Their noodle soup dishes are much better than their too chewy noodle chow meins. We had the #5 House Special Noodle Soup and the #12 Braised Beef Noodle Soup (my sister who doesn't eat beef, ate this all up - the beef was so unbelievably tender and soft - and she couldn't get enuff of the flavorful broth).
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2007,4/21/2007,463,976,5,4,7>I am a french fry fanatic!  My friend and I ordered the garlic french fries.  BRING ON THE GARLIC!  So good but so potent.  When I got home, my husband greeted me with, "What's that smell?" and it turned out to be my garlic french fry breath.  Whoopsy!  What can I say?  You gotta take one for the team!For dessert, try the Warm Apple Bread Pudding.  Soooooooo goooooood!  It's one of those desserts where you wish you could swim in the sauce, do backstrokes through it or lay on those floating chairs as you mellow.  You know you've had one of those thoughts....
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2009,5/14/2010,830,598,20,20,20>I've put many reviews on hold for a long time, but this place deserves its known creditability for their sashimi. Secret's out!! I'm glad to share with fellow yelpers and outsiders why this place is one of my go-to hot spots for fresh slices of tuna, salmon, etc. Thanks to John Michael for taking me here as a pre-birthday dinner before attending a yelp elite event. Do not be fooled by the little plaza and location. It's tucked off the corner next to the ACE hardware store. I've tried a few of their hand rolls, but I'm a sucker for their sashimi. I can't give away too much, but I suggest others to give this place a try. You have the choice to sit by the chefs or their tables and chairs, but if you really want to enjoy something closer to Japan, sit on the tatami mats and sip on tea while munching good ol' sushi rolls! Why else would they be voted as one of the best Silicon Valley's top sushi joints in the Bay area? Check it out for yourself!FYI: Order a bottle of sake if you dare! I highly recommend the blue bottle. I wouldn't know...John Michael just ordered it when I said I like the color blue??
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,5/12/2010,854,542,23,24,23>Retail therapy next door at Aristocrats got us started, but nothing quite brings you back to center like good eats, great talk, and a best friend can.We walked in to a nearly empty restaurant at 5:30pm on a Tuesday.  The young waitress eagerly greeted us and let us sit wherever we pleased; we sat at a small table for two, more conducive to conversation than being side -by-side at the bar would be, though the large U-shaped bar looks fun. The restaurant is a casual affair, decorated with a few things and knick-knacks, but otherwise it's a clean, unadorned, functional space, brightly lit and clean.Before even opening the menu, the waitress was already smilingly attending to us, asking us if we'd like to start with anything; "Large Sapporo and hot sake, please...?""One large Sapporo. One hot sake. Small or large...?""... ehhhhhhhhh... LARGE! *ahem* I mean, large. Thank you..."What better way than beer and sake to help one unburden the soul and let the heart beat again, right? Kampai!Amidst our conversation and drinking, we looked up and around us; the place had filled up quickly and lively at around 6pm; a young crowd, social and chatty.Hungry - soul-searching and heartache takes a lot of energy - we ordered the Kobe Style Beef Shabu Shabu, the Unagi Bowl Shabu Shabu and we opted for the Spicy Miso broth.  The beef shabu shabu arrived, one plate decoratively aligned with an abundance of thin slices of Wagyu Beef (supposedly a mix of Japanese Kobe for tenderness and American Angus for taste), another plate loaded with vegetables and noodles.  The unagi bowl shabu shabu arrived, a large bowl of barbecued eel over white rice, as well as another plate of vegetables for the hotpot.  Even between the two of us, it was good hearty portion of food at quite an affordable price compared to other Shabu Shabu places I've tried.As we cleaned our plates, emptied our cups, and filled our tummies, we talked, teared, laughed and sighed.  With an experience like that, how could we not be fans?  We'll be back...__________________________________________________­___You know what's a good sign that everything gonna be alright? When you share a lychee or green tea ice cream for dessert with a bestie and you both say in sing-song tandem "Mmmmmmm, that's f*cking gooooood..."Yeah, everything's gonna be alright...
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,5/11/2010,878,405,25,29,26>Do people really just go for the side bar only ($35)?  For $10 more, we were provided with an unlimited quantity of savory meats from the Churrasco grill.  After a slow start, my dining experience here was more exciting than the last time I had Rodizio in Manila...of all places.  The ambiance and originality of this spacious restaurant added to the excitement.  But I think it was the element of surprise that did it for me. We kept our button on green the whole time, always anxious to see what the next skewer will be.  Of their 13 spit roasted meats, my favorites were the tri tip, top sirloin cap, and filet mignon covered with bacon.  Their marinated flank steak wasn't bad either.  The pineapple (with cinnamon and brown sugar) was a perfect palate cleanser between meats. Speaking of palate cleansing....their plantains and quinoa salad hit the spot as well.  The cheese bread, potato salad with green sauce, and shrimp salad were great tastes.  But the only side that I kept going back for was their amazing cornbread.  Service was stellar, thanks to Nancy and Clifford.  They kept checking up on us, giving us recommendations, sharing ideas, and made sure our meats were cooked to our specs.  It was nice of them to also give us a tour of their banquet rooms.  They're clean and not too shabby!Too bad they don't validate parking. Thanks Ron for a delightful dinner.  It's good to see a restaurant like this in our neck of the woods.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,5/10/2010,1260,803,18,29,26>Cataldi Park has a very special place in the my heart.   I've been coming here since the days of middle school.    I have so many memories here;  family picnics, flag football games, first kisses and heartbreaks, taking my Chow Chow Nala to soil the green grass and mingle with other dogs, and the very first place where I started jogging and running as a new found hobby.   Yesterday, I hosted another UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) picnic here.   The event was a success, however, I wanted to take a moment to share an important message about our park and recreation department here in San Jose.    Most locals aren't aware that the city has cut back on man power for park maintenance.     When I arrived early that Sunday morning at 7:00am to set up, our desired picnic area was completely trashed (caused by the previous users the day before).   Excessive litter was everywhere and the trash cans were overflowing with garbage and recyclables.     I had asked Serbelle to stop by my house to pick up a push broom and together we cleaned up the entire picnic area.  Luckily, I came prepared and wash down a majority of the picnic tables and seating area.    After 30 minutes of cleaning, we brought back the essence of renewal to the picnic grounds.     A city worker finally arrived to remove all the collected trash and thank us for helping out.    He explained the city situation and the difficulty of park maintenance with a very short staff.    I told him this was all labor of love because I'm a local here and this is my community park.   After our picnic ended, a few Yelpers and I stayed behind to clean up and offer our recyclables to an elderly lady with was collecting aluminum cans and plastic bottles.     On the drive home, I thought about putting together a local volunteer group that could help keep Cataldi Park litter free.   This would keep our parks beautiful and benefit the next people using the park.  It's an idea that I'm still working on and hopefully bring to life in the months ahead.   I'm just still disappointed that there are people out there that cannot grasp the concept of "PLEASE DON'T LITTER!".   As for the amenities of Cataldi Park, this is a perfect place to bring small children to play on the renovated playgrounds and swings.  If you're an avid tennis player, there are several courts to get a friendly game on (yes, the nets and turf are well kept).     If walking, jogging, or running is your thing, the trails and sidewalks offer nearly 2.5 miles of open space.     Organized sports (with city permit) are found here regularly during the summer months with soccer and flag football being the most popular.     Early morning Tai Chi can be found here daily for those seeking spiritual longevity and self meditation.  Finally, Cataldi Park is very dog friendly environment as long as their kept on a leash and you pick up their droppings.If you're going to host a picnic, I strongly recommend getting here early at 6:00am.   Picnic tables and BBQ grills are first come first serve basis.     I encourage bringing a broom, dust pan, wash cloth, and handy bucket to clean down the picnic area.  I know this the job of the city, but I hope my message here prepares you.     Also, parking is plentiful depending on the park activities.   If there's a organized game here, parking will be difficult.     So plan well and enjoy one of San Jose's beautiful community parks!A special thank you to Serbelle and all the Yelpers that stayed behind to help clean up.    I appreciate your time and kindness.Walter P.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,5/9/2010,545,312,16,20,21>Mikonos has become a favorite lunch spot for me and some of my co-workers and we end up here at least once every two weeks if not once a week!It's easy to find, right on Calaveras Blvd, just before the 680 Freeway.  Plenty of parking (though it can get crowded at lunch hour).Seating is plentiful and the ambiance is simple and bright.  A couple of TV screens hang above the kitchen windows which are wide open to the dining area.  You can see the gyro meat on the rotisseries.  There appears t be a section in the back too that I have never tried yet.You order at the counter and your food is brought out to the table.  Over the past few months, I have tried the gyros, the platter with fries and gyros, the veggie platter, falafel, hummus - everything was extremely tasty.  Also, everything is made right there - you can see them make the falafel and even the hummus is made fresh unlike a few other places.  The gyro meat is always tender and portions are ample!  The best part - the chilled sauces they bring out to you - the creamy white sauce is delicious but the spicy red chilled sauce is just out of the world and I use it liberally!  A full extra star for the sauces.I would give the food 4 stars here.  Have to go back here one evening for their happy hour which goes from 3 PM to close - haha, that's one long happy hour!!! They have pitchers of beer and appetizers at really cheap prices - can't wait to try it out.1 extra star for the lovely girl taking your order - she's always in such a good mood and always has a ravishing smile - makes the experience that much more enjoyable =)~ 5 stars overall - cheap, unpretentious, authentic food that is filling and delicious.# 162
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,5/8/2010,490,412,19,20,19>A new year, my 200th review, 2010 Elite...this deserves nothing less than a five star review.I tried to find a five star establishment.  I couldn't give the Yelp Christmas party a high five.  I couldn't give the all you can eat sushi place five.  And I don't review fellow Yelpers, body parts, my car, holidays, or anything else that is non-establishment related.I've been a patient of Dr. Chan for about 17 years.  I've been to other dentists who treat you like the oil change guy...every three months, take out the old, put in the new, charge your insurance company, and not very personal.  Dr. Chan is different.He takes time to know you, and every visit he makes you feel like you're an individual, not another billing.  He's never late for an appointment, and often sees patients on short notice.  He's never performed unnecessary work, unlike some dentists who change fillings out every six months because that's what the insurance company will tolerate.  And he's good on follow up, personally calling you up at home following major surgery.His staff has been with him for ages, and is also personable.  They're also quick to hand out the latest freebies of floss, picks, brushes, and mouthwashes.My 200th review.  Why did I have to think so hard about it?
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,5/7/2010,386,185,16,22,25>Where there's life there is water. We depend on Mother Nature, both, ecologically and psychologically. In this case, as it pertains to Vasona Park, I admire and indulge in both, as the two are mutually exclusive. This park is absolutely beautiful. The trees and vegetation seclude you from the fact that the park is surrounded by several major highways and the 10th largest city in the United States: San Jose. There are ducks quacking; squirrels squirreling about; joggers jogging; bikers biking; and families spending quality time together in the great outdoors. What a great escape from the rigors of everyday life.The park has been very significant in my life. There is a cul-de-sac located along the western end of the lake that has seen me at some of my lowest, and finest of moments. Its witnessed many tears shed from lost loved ones, lost love, and lost sense of self. Its also been present during my peaks, when hard work and discipline, along with faith, brought a surplus of happiness and jubilation into my life. If you catch the lake at sunset on a cloudless day, the relection of the sun hits the water creating a remarkable red glow that is rejuvinating. One can't help but smile, and appreciate the natural beauty of this planet that we are so blessed to be living upon.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,5/6/2010,879,323,28,38,37>Four of us dined here for dinner recently, as we all love Japanese food (and are dying to go back to Japan!).  I was a little wary at the popularity, since Ramen Halu and Santouka are so popular as well, but I am not a fan.  I was pleasantly surprised at Orenchi!  All four of us got the Orenchi Ramen, which is a tonkotsu broth, meaning a broth that is made from pork bones.  The other options were shoyu broth (soy sauce) and the salt broth.  The tonkotsu broth was incredibly flavorful, with the right amount of saltiness... but note that I have a pretty salty palette.  It's not too salty like Santouka, and not too bland like many other ramen places.  If you know me, I love garlic, so I spooned a good amount of the fresh puree on the table into my broth.  The broth was so good and flavorful that I surprisingly regretted tainting it with the garlic!  The soft boiled egg really hit the spot, the pork was good, and they do put a little bit of the black garlic oil (think Maru Ichi's kuro ramen) on top for flavor as well.  It's amazing that the soft boiled egg is done perfectly EVERY time!  The only part that was not amazing, but not subpar either, was the noodles.  I love that Maru Ichi and Ryowa make their own fresh noodles, so perhaps I am spoiled.   Usually the noodles would be a dealbreaker for me, but as I mentioned: it was still good, just not excellent.Their chicken karage seems to be the same as their sister izakaya restaurant, Sumika, which is made from organic free range chicken and high quality oils.  Super tender, but I personally always felt that it was a little too hard/crispy on the outside -- I seem to be the only one though!Updated list of ramen I really like: kuro ramen at Maru Ichi, butter corn ramen at Ryowa, tonkotsu ramen at Orenchi.  Gochi so sama deshita!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,5/5/2010,339,280,19,32,26>Out of all the strip clubs I've been to, I could honestly say that Cheetahs has some of the prettiest girls.I came here on a Saturday night with my BF after a horrible house party. The house party was supposed to have strippers but when they came the police were there so they ended up leaving. Both of us were excited for the strippers so we were pretty bummed when they ended up leaving. Since I promised my BF a lap dance I decided that I would take him to Cheetahs. This place is really small, well the stage at least but they have a whole section on the other side for lap dances. Also because of the California State Law they do not serve alcohol since it's a completely nude bar. When the bartender or the guy behind the counter (since he doesn't serve alcohol) said I couldn't have my jack and coke I felt like crying. Anyways overall the place was nice. The girls were hot. But if you're thinking about stopping by Cheetahs to get a lap dance be prepared to spend $40 for one song! And don't expect the girl to grind on you because she'll barely touch you.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,5/4/2010,262,162,18,25,19>*edit. photos were taken via Blackberry sorry for the quality!~*~*~*~*~Damn procrastinated too long!What? A hot new upcoming hookah spot NOT in congested cop filled downtown?? Pinch me it's real!My friend tells me of a new hookah spot that opened in South SJ. That's an odd place I thought, must not be too good. Boy was I wrong! As we walk in I see a large open area with couches up against the wall and comfy chairs surrounding simple tables. The walls are adorned with candles and photographs and the place just gives off a nice homey feeling like your chillin in a friend's large living room. There's 2 flat screen tvs normally playing movies as well.The staff here are really friendly, always coming around with coals, and checking to see if everything is good. The great thing about this place is that they use WOOD charcoal. It burns better and doesn't give you that ashy taste regular coal or insta-lites do, letting you taste the flavors of Starbuzz/Fumari tobacco better. The music is upbeat, the environment is chill and they even have cards, chips, and boardgames you can borrow! *I wanna hold em like they do in Texas please*I hear they had belly dancers for their grand opening! I'm sure the guys of the SBC wouldn't mind that! ;) Sounds like a UYE in the making! Dinner and drinks at the Brit... belly dancing and hookah to end the night! hmMm....Parking's a breeze too. The location is in a strip plaza, and all the stores close by the time this place opens so the whole lot is theirs in the evening.All in all I love the place. It's not stuffy or pretentious like downtown. Just relaxed. They'll be opening up their outdoor patio soon too! Can't wait for a nice summer night with some good friends and hookah. Breathe. Inhale. Let go.And just for logistics... Flavors: Blueberry, Blue Mist, Citrus Mint, Double Apple, Fuzzy Naval, Guava, Lemon Mint, Lemon Tea, Mango, Mint, Mixed Fruit, Papaya, Passion Fruit, Passion Kiss, Raspberry, Sex on the Beach, Strawberry, Tropical Punch, Watermelon, White Grape, White Peach.Mixed Flavors - $15/refills $10Single Flavors - $12/refills $8Buy tobacco to go for 100 grams for above price.2 people per hookahThey'll be getting an ice machine soon too so you can make the smoke thicker! oOoo..Refreshments are available too!Also they have coupons buy one get second one half off! Can't beat that!Check it out! I love finding new great places! Don't you?
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,11/1/2009,1167,294,10,12,15>Ever since I've had their pad thai, I've been salivating about the next time I can have some more! I've been having day dream cravings!!!I LOVE their pad thai, for the simple fact that it's not sweet! And apparently it isn't supposed to be!Their silver noodle salad is yummy. Thai tea is good.They don't serve alcohol, but liquor license is on the works.Service is quiet, but people should leave me alone anyway when I'm feeding my face. What I love the most about this place is the ambiance. Beautiful decorations, couches, etc. It seems pretty fancy, but not intimidating.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/29/2008,10/31/2009,948,916,10,9,9>Came back and noticed the new digs... damn... they comin' up or what??? Haha..We tried their new gumbo dish, it had 2 whole shrimps (skin and all), chopped okra, corn kernels, and a thick chowder consistency. It was good but I wish there was a little bit of rice in it. We also ordered 2 pounds of medium shrimp and a side of chicken strips. We were stuffed so we took our leftover shrimp (about a 1 lb of it!) home, and ate it the next day. I wouldn't recommend it.. the shrimp was falling apart or something as we peeled it. We ended up just tossing the rest away. Noticed improvements regarding customer service.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/27/2009,10/30/2009,3171,1316,17,22,17>How do I categorize this place . . .Its name "Lemon Grass" would suggest Vietnamese/Thai, but it is advertised as Vietnamese/French.Skimming through the menu, there was osso bucco which is Italian. To add to the cuisine confusion, the majority of the selections were SEAFOOD.So what gives?! What is it?After ordering several seafood dishes, I would say Lemon Grass should re-categorize itself as a Vietnamese Seafood Restaurant and nothing else.We ordered the following the comments:(1) Grilled squid (pepper)Very chewy and not as soft as I would like it to be. Tasteless with a unpleasant accompanying sauce.(2) Sea snails with garlic Fresh, tasty, and went well with ginger sweet sauce(3) Mussels with basilGood-sized and very good with the basil(4) Hot Pot with assorted seafoodMy favorite dish of the night. The soup was delicious and the seafood (shrimp, fish, scallops) were fresh and flavorful. Great bargain for $12.95.(5) Grilled prawns (pepper)Overgrilled. Dry and not sweet.(6) Green curry with seafoodTasted good, but the runny texture of the sauce was not typical. The waitress explained it was made from avocados, which is somewhat strange for any green curry.They charge $1 for every bowl of rice ordered.After trying all of the above dishes, I would highly recommend their sea snails, mussels, hot pots, and smoothies.Lemon Grass should stop with the French nonsense and stick to what works: Seafood.We will return, since the food is very reasonably-priced and we know what we liked.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2009,10/29/2009,361,297,8,13,11>Finally!  My newest go-to coffee spot!A cup of the aromatic, strong, yet smooth Tesora gave me a great start to my day.  The menu seems a bit more condensed than the Mission District location in SF, but it still has a bunch of flavors and variety to choose from.  There are several blends with cool names like "Philtered Soul" and "Ambrosia", a good selection of decaf blends, and an array of specialty drinks such as the "Mint Mojito Iced Coffee."  I tried a sip of my co-workers (with a little mint leaf and all) and it was refreshing and delicious without the "morning alcohol" factor :)A cute and airy space that's right across the street from San Jose State campus and inside the plaza area near Beard Papa's and Tangerine Salon.  It's a different vibe that feels more Silicon Valley than gritty hole in the wall SF, but that's what makes it specific to the South Bay.Cash only, so bring your dollar dollar bills!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2009,10/28/2009,213,324,10,8,8>I needed a nice coat of fake tan for my Miami trip but wanted to try a new place with a good deal rather than paying the normal $40 for my usual airbrush tan at Willow Glen Tanning.  Planet Beach has a special for mystic tans, buy one get one free for $30 which sounded pretty good to me.  It's been years since I did the mystic tan booth and they have definitely changed.  It used to be this big bright blue square box and now it's a bit more high tech with a computer lady that talks to you and gives you directions. The girls at the front desk were friendly and apparently there are a lot of do it yourself spa like services but I was in a hurry.  Also...if I'm visiting a spa, I don't want to do anything myself, that's what I'm paying them for.  They also have some very futuristic looking tanning beds (Is that a tanning bed or a spaceship?!? I want to ride in it!).  I don't like to cook myself in a tanning bed because I don't really tan and I feel like a chicken or a steak or something.  The results of the mystic tan were ok but the airbrush tan I get at WGT is far superior and worth the extra money.  The color was nice, not too orange or super dark but not completely even.  One of my thumbs is super dark, weird!  I'll go back for my second mystic tan since it's free, but not sure I'd go back again.  I also like the feel of a tanning place that isn't a chain and I see this Planet Beach places popping up everywhere.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,10/27/2009,2665,2597,11,13,13>Hands down best tacos I've had that are authentic Mexican style tacos. For only $1.25, these tiny flavor bursts of delicious carne asada, cilantro and hot sauce on a fresh corn tortilla can make your day. I only wish this place was closer to work. Their burritos are okay as well but in my opinion the tacos takes the cake! Only this is no longer their current location they have a new restaurant now on 1st street a little ways down also in Alviso and the very same delicious tacos. If you're in the area, or even if you're not, these are a MUST.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2008,10/26/2009,378,778,10,13,11>Ethiopian is one of my favorite types of food and I have been to many all over the country. I have even had homemade Ethiopian food before. Kathleen M. has it right on this! This place hits the middle of my list of Ethiopian restaurants. By far, not even close to being as good as Zeni....not even close. And I am sad for saying this. After seeing SOOO many 5 star reviews of this place, my expectations were very high. And wow...was I letdown big time tonight! We showed up and it was nice to see it so close to Japantown. Upon entering the restaurant we were cordially greeted by two employees. They escorted us from the front cafe area, down a narrow hallway to the back room where other guests were eating. The decor is only okay. It's sort of an unusual set up probably because this place might have been a house before. Service was fantastic! Zeni could learn a thing or two from them. We ordered in a timely manner and received waters quickly and were refilled often. Both employees stopped by our table a few times to check on us and make sure we were doing okay. Both very nice people! We ordered our favorite dish...Doro tibs along with a chickpea dish. We usually order Misor Wot but they were out of lentils tonight. When our food arrived, it did not look like it does at Zeni or Gojo. The injera was really fresh though! Our Doro tibs tasted more like mushed chicken with garlic. They were supppppper garlicy! Nothing like it tastes at Zeni...I don't even think it was the same dish. The Doro tibs here reminded me of my Mom's Italian garlic chicken dish she makes. No chunks of chicken with thick red sauce and bits of jalapeno like at Zeni. Didn't even taste close to it.....but it was good. I will give it that. It just didn't have that Ethiopian taste that i love. The chickpeas were only okay....very bland so those were a disappointment. The green salad tasted like the usual Ethiopian salad but no chunks of tomato and onion that I like that Zeni has. Overall..... 5 stars for service 2 stars for the food (it IS good food but not to my standards of what good Ethiopian food tastes like) I hate it that I have Zeni on such a high pedestal but there is a reason why SO many Ethiopians eat at Zeni....because it's the best in the area according to my Ethiopian friends. The occasional long wait to be seated and the always long wait to be served is worth it in my book. I would come back to Rehoboth if someone wanted to come here....but i don't think I will be back on my own.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2009,10/25/2009,192,216,9,16,16>Now's a great time to remodel! So, my parents wanted me to help them with their kitchen renovation...Basically, they gave me their checkbook and a budget to TRY to stay in. It was very challenging because everyone had their own tastes, opinions, and likes/dislikes. Our contractor, Nicolas M. of MYN Handyman Services, remodeled one of their bathrooms a few years back and he introduced us to Bay Home Concepts in SJ. They were awesome! We met Ricky, but Sandra handled us from start to finish. After we toured their showroom, we decided on the cabinets, handles, and granite counter tops. Prior to our visit, we purchased all new stainless steel appliances. So, we came in prepared with all the measurements and layouts. The cabinets are of great quality & value. My Mom is the boss in her kitchen and she loves it all! Thanks a million!!!( + ) Communicating with Sandra was easy and very productive. We shot emails & phone calls throughout our process.( + ) The blueprints & quotes were 3D and gave us a good look at the options and the final kitchen layout.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2009,10/24/2009,655,394,11,18,12>$4 for lunch buffet.*squints eyes* did i read that right??4 dollars for lunch buffet!?even without this price going on, it was still worth every buck!the manager of this place? she's a sister to the volunteer group i work with. she's always serving us up fresh hot naan and chai tea just the way we like it.the buffet selections here are probably more extensive than other indian buffets i've been to.minus the chicken dishes and the lamb dish, i was able to eat everything on the buffet table.for the price, it can't be beat. the quality and richness of the entrees rivals those of much more expensive restaurants.oh geez, as i'm writing this, visions of curry and naan are floating across the room. is it just me or is anyone else getting hungry??
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,10/23/2009,388,717,17,18,18>Thanks Amy for the wonderful facial! I wished it never ended. I came here last night for a facial. My skin needed it, I been breaking out and my skin needed a clean up. Plus I been stressing out from work and I just really needed to relax and pamper myself. I made and appointment and they assigned me to Amy. She is very warm and friendly. Amy greeted me and ask me about my skin and what my concerns are. She was very nice and attentive to my wants for my skin. She lead me to the facial room which was cozy. Even though you had to share the room, it didn't feel crowded at all. Had me change into a facial gown and pretty much wrap me up like a cocoon while she worked on my face. I wish the room was individual rooms, it would be more relaxing instead of having to share with others. She did a wonderful job on my face and took her time with all the extractions. I always hated the extraction part, but I know she was supervised and I felt I was in good hands. Then she gave me a full face and neck massage. The massage was wonderful, I wish it didn't end. Overall I had a wonderful experience and got to take a little nap too. Amy made recommendations of what I need to do for my skin (I need to exfoliate more), but overall she said my skin is not bad. Great news to a person who use to have huge pimples and zits on her face and was on Accuntane. I will be back for sure next month to get a facial and for $20 bucks how can you beat that. A girl needs to stay looking young and beautiful, its all about maintenance.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,11/21/2008,59,51,14,32,12>Last week, I was freaking out because my birthday was coming up (on 2/16) and I had gained a massive amount of weight in the past two weeks (stress eating).  I had heard of these body wrap things being advertised on the radio, and decided to contact Simply Beautiful New You instead of Bay Area Body Wraps because SBNY guarantees that you will lose 10-30 inches, whereas BABW only guarantees 6-20 inches.  Plus, SBNY is about $40-$50 cheaper!I went into my appointment on Saturday morning, completed the mandatory health forms, and was ushered into the (un-)dressing rooms so that I could put on my two-piece bikini and a robe (which they provide for you).  I was then led to a "wrapping" room where the WT (wrap technician, no seriously) Traci (an affable, knowledgeable girl) instructed me to strike various poses as she took my pre-wrap measurements.  After THAT embarrassing process, she then began to swaddle me in mineral-soaked ace bandages.  I definitely wouldn't recommend the wrap to those who are acutely claustrophobic, because they bind you freakin' TIGHT!  I could barely move my arms and legs, they were so restrictive.  I was then led to a little exercise area where they soaked me with more mineral water and wrapped plastic bags on my hands and feet (to catch the sloughed-off water).  I was then told to get on one of those Gazelle exercise machines and use it for the duration of the wrap.  I did, and every twenty minutes, another WT would call me over to the "lubrication corner" to dump out the water in my bags and squirt me with more mineral water.  I then had to jump back on the Gazelle and work out for another 20 minutes.After an hour, a different WT led me to another wrapping room and removed my bandages.  As she removed the one from my head, I let out a relieved "ahhhhhhh" and she laughed and told me that that is most peoples' reaction when she removes the head bandage.  She then instructed me to get into my dry underwear and bra, put the robe back on, and wait for Traci to call me back.Back in the wrapping room, Traci began to take my post-wrap measurements.  Imagine my surprise when she told me that I had lost about  11 inches!  I was so incredulous that I practically demanded to see the "before" and "after" numbers.  Lo and behold, I had lost most of my inches from my tummy and ass!After the measurements, I changed back into my street clothes and there was definitely a noticeable difference in how my clothes fit.  It wasn't a DRASTIC difference, but definitely noticeable.  In fact, I was so pleased with my results that I bought a package of 3!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,11/20/2008,733,936,11,18,16>I really wanted to give this place a 5 but I just couldn't.  I'm adhering to my policy of not rounding up, and a 4.5 is not quite a 5.  Since I'm Korean, if I say "Opaaaa!" people get confused since this is what young Korean girls say.  I should more appropriately be yelling "Hyuunnnng!" but that would be even weirder.Went here on Friday without a reservation but they don't take them anyhow.  I'd never been to the Willow Glen area so this was a first for me.  I was lucky and found a spot right in front of the restaurant.  We met at 7:30 only to find that the wait was an HOUR.  I guess I wasn't surprised given that this was a relatively new restaurant and it was reviewing very well.  We decided to walk around for 30 minutes and come back.I was looking forward to this meal as I hadn't had Greek food in months.  D was saying the same thing so as we planned this out the day before we were getting excited.  So we got back to Opa at just past 8.  We were obviously not next but apparently the next people in line were not there so the waitress sat us!  Suckaaaaas!The place is crowded.  Like overly crowded.  Like buy-the-place-next-door-and-expand-now-while-you'­re-still-super-popular crowded.  Accidentally-rub-up-on-the-hot-girl-four-tables-­over-and-blame-it-on-the- cramped-quarters-not-unlike-the-Tokyo-subway crowded.  The waitresses couldn't get by without rubbing body parts on your elbows or the table.  This sounds like something awesome when in fact it is not and mildly deterred from the otherwise fantastic experience.I couldn't tell what was making the table move around so much, either the bumping from the waitresses going by, or me jostling around with my camera, or maybe it was thanks to the rocking tunes from the LCD TV in the corner cranking out the hits from such artists as S'afhno Ston Epemeno.  Ah yes ... that ... group ... rockin'.The place only seats about 50 people at 12-15 tables.  We were sat close to the serving area.  We took our merry time ordering and I pulled out the big camera.  If you know me you know it's not a wimpy camera, but a full DSLR with flash.  Kinda gets in the way at such a crowded place.The co-owner George came out and greeted us cheerfully.  I'm guessing he saw the camera and must have thought we were high-profile ciritics or something.  You can hear me snorting, can't you?  Nevertheless, his ebullience lifted our spirits even higher and it turned out that he was giving us some appetizers on the house.  Not one, not two, but THREE.  We seriously didn't have to order anything else, but we ordered our entrees anyway.APPETIZERSSpanikopita.  We got started off with Spanikopita, a spinach pie pastry.  It was just warm enough and the phyllo was light and flaky while the filling was creamy and slightly sweet.  Delicious. [4/5]The Dip Sampler had 3 dips: tzatziki, taramosalata, and melitzanosala.  It came with this really great bread that was warm, chewy, and soft, like a good pretzel but just a tad softer.  The dips all tasted great with the bread.  There were also two dolmades.  We couldn't finish this as this was ginormous.  The table of 5 next to us ordered one of these and looked at us in either awe or disgust or a bit of both that we had one to ourselves.  [4/5]Keftedes.  As if it wasn't enough, George also send out keftedes, which is Greek meatballs made of beef and lamb.  They were great, with the spices accentuating the meat flavors and the sauce a bit tart.  I think we liked these a lot.  [5/5]Zucchini chips.  This is what I wanted to get originally but we decided to cancel based on all the food we got.DISHESBeef souvlaki.  We ordered this with rice pilaf.  The rice was only ok but the beef was great.  I think the first piece was a bit overcooked but that was the endpiece, the rest of the pieces were cooked very well, a medium rare in the middle.  That's pretty hard to do well on a kebab since the pieces are all different sizes and shapes.  The dish was a tiny bit bland but overall it was good.  [4/5]Gyro plate.  There was a gyro pita but no gyro plate, but they said they'd make one for me as I'd been jonesing for gyro meat for months.  The gyro meat was PERFECT.  I mean perfect.  This experience was better than Dada Teller in Berlin where I walked for nearly 3 miles to find this place and it was all justified by the beautiful schwarma I was treated to.  The fries were very good but a tiny bit soggy.  This may have been because they didn't quite get my order right and they had to bring it back twice.  I don't really blame them for that because I wasn't clear on what I wanted on my gyro plate.  But they tried very hard to accomodate.The ambience was great despite it being crowded.  You could literally reach over and grab someone else's food.  We didn't, but we ended up chatting briefly with some of the neighboring tables.  The mood was festive and cheerful and it was a great place to have Friday dinner.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,11/19/2008,2146,741,11,18,19>Oh yes.Fresh, additive-free tofu in all shapes and sizes. This is tofu heaven! Do you want tofu cut into rectangles?Tofu stir-fried with daikon and carrots? Tofu shaped like noodles and mixed with vegetables and sauce? Tofu stuffed with vegetables, in round swirls? Sogo Tofu has all these and more.Two tofu packages and a container of organic soy milk set me back about $13.50. Not exactly cheap for a Chinese place, but yes, worth it...for the tofu at least. I will update on the soy milk.My tofu:1. Package 1: Tofu-noodles with carrots and celery in a light sauce. Yum!2. Package 2: Slices of 2 types of tofu, with tea eggs and bow-tie seaweed. Yum!Makes a great, healthy snack =)Service was sloowww though...two elderly ladies working at the register and a pretty short line, but soooo slowwww.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2008,11/18/2008,849,1374,17,20,15>As part of a surprise birthday party for my husband we ended the night at Sky High Sports for an evening of trampoline fun. Despite seeing an ad for this place about a year ago I thought there was no way he'd guess where he was going when we headed onto a dark street off Bowers, but then he guessed correctly when he saw the sign. (I saw the sign and it opened up my eyes I saw the sign!) (That's the last Ace of Base reference I'll probably ever make.)Anyway, our group of 9 adults and a 2 1/2 year old went sick on this place. Our 6 month preggers friend watched (obviously no jumping) and enjoyed herself. An hour of jumping is plenty anyway - you spend a lot of that time tired and just watching other people.There are three rooms. Room 1 is the biggest room - about the size of an NBA basketball court - and you have plenty of room to jump across the room or on one trampoline by yourself. In room 1 you can see the real pros in action. They do flips and jump off the sides of the walls. That's right - in addition to the springy floors, there are also springy walls. The only part that's not springy is the yellow seam between trampolines. There are a lot of those and they are not enjoyable to land on. If I were doing flips I'd be afraid of hitting my head on them. A few weeks ago my husband said he met a chiropractor who said much of her business is from people who get injured at Sky High Sports. Sky High really does seem to try to make it safe; however, I don't see how you could make a totally safe trampoline facility.  But I digress.Room 2 is a big room set up for dodge ball. We only stayed for about a minute.Half of Room 3 is reserved for little kids, the other half is a trampoline area and foam pit. Diving into the foam pit is a must, but it's actually less fun than it sounds. It's a bitch to climb out. We spent most of the night jumping around in this room because we had it to ourselves. Harnessing the powers of physics the guys were trying to do this thing where they would try to jump the highest. (Note: everyone engaging in this experiment were really sore the next day.) Sky High offers aerobics classes, too. I never realized how tiring jumping on a trampoline could be.I highly recommend bringing a camera. Get low and snap ridiculous pictures of people jumping and posing in midair.Our 2 1/2 year old friend was the only one who jumped the entire hour. She cried a little when she left and 2 months later still talks about the place where she jumped.Boring logistics stuff:When I called ahead, the lady told me that Friday and Saturday were really busy and full of kids. When I asked about Sunday night, in the hour before closing, 9-10 p.m., she said it was pretty quiet then. However, she still insisted that a reservation was necessary. I didn't want to make one because a reservation entailed paying up front and I was worried some of the guests could be no-shows, so I took my chances. When we arrived it was apparent that we really didn't need a reservation so I was glad we didn't make one. (They also said on the phone that it was $10 per person with a reservation and that it would be $11 without, but we were charged $10 anyway. Sweet.)
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,11/17/2008,175,452,18,18,17>This place is worse than Target. You go in for one thing and come out with things you didn't even know you wanted but somehow desperately needed. 1st time here was an adventure. We wanted plastic soup spoons that have a lip on the handle so you can place them on your bowl without them falling in. Someone said they should have them at Daiso. Walking up and down each aisle, almost looking at every single item was exhausting! The kitchen section alone was like going to Disneyland. It is a small world after all. I wanted the bento boxes just because they were cute. I wanted chopsticks because they looked cool. I wanted clear plastic containers because they were new. Melamine sponges because they were in bulk.  Then the honey reminds me that we have Tupperware, Glad, Pyrex, chopsticks and magic erasers at home. Boo. Then I found the cosmetics section. I wanted lashes, makeup, face masks and other stuff that I had no idea what it was because it was all in Japanese but the packaging looked cool! Again, the honey reminds me that I have all this stuff and more at home. At least I know where to come if I need a hyaluronic acid face mask for $1.50. I can't really figure out what they don't have in this store. I saw home goods, health care items, stationary, cosmetics, car, kitchen, picnic, purse, luggage, and a bunch of other sections. I didn't have the energy to go through it all.Unfortunately they didn't have the spoons we were looking for. But I did get clear mascara, a fork with a clear carrying case, 300 blotting papers, plastic office containers, and some other stuff. I don't think we paid over $3.00 for a single item. I have already decided that all Christmas gifts this year will come from this store. Lucky for you if you are on my list! There are no refunds, returns or exchanges. You wrap and bag your own items.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,11/16/2008,563,743,14,16,14>It's cold, rainy, and no kids came to Trick o' Treat  at my place yesterday on Halloween. How depressing. Luckily the BF knows that there's only one thing that will cheer me up today, and that's a good old tasty breakfast at Bill's Café.  On a side note, it's so unfortunate that Bill's is one of the only non-chained brunch spots in San José. How sad is that? But I digress.......Oh Bill's, what's not to love about them. Their Eggs Benedicts are amazing, particularly the California Benedict or Portobello Mushroom Benedict.  Omelets and skillets are equally as good and with hefty portions. Bill's is also known for their Bread Pudding French Toast. Oober decadent and rich but I wouldn't suggest ordering it solo because it's way sweet--maybe one for the table instead? Their mimosas are served in generous sizes (large goblets actually) with strawberries floating on top.  And their waiters have been known to slide you over gratis shots of tequila from time to time.....Free, you ask? Yup, Free. Just pretend it's not 10am and throw one back. C'mon, it's just rude not to.  :)Lines can get pretty long on weekends but they do a pretty good job speeding up the service to get everyone seated.  My suggestion, put your name in for a table and walk over to Peet's to grab a cup of Joe for the wait. Bill's food is amazing but their drip coffee tastes like Sanka. Bleh!Mmmmm.....with a crab cake benedict in my tummy, my gloomy Saturday is starting to brighten up.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,11/15/2008,213,324,10,9,10>So...looks like Blue Rock has made some improvements....either that or I was not very particular this Sunday because I was starving.  I got take out around 1:30 and I think they did a pretty good job of getting the orders out, considering the crowd waiting for orders.  I again had the pulled chicken sandwich and my manfriend had the pulled pork sandwich.  I decided to stay away from the Mac n cheese since I figured it still wouldn't be that great, even if better...so I got the cole slaw and french fries.  Both ended up being good and they did a good job of packaging the fries so they were still warm when I got home (which was only about 5 minutes...but still, I was impressed).  I also got a lemon bar because again, I was starving so I actually showed restraint by not ordering everything on the menu.  I enjoyed Blue Rock much better the second time around.  I still really like their bbq sauce and they seem to have a good thing going.  Yay for BBQ around the corner!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,11/14/2008,118,117,17,19,18>The restaurant name says it all...the four stars are solely based on the dumplings! I had cravings for GOOD shanghai dumplings, so here I was on a Friday around 2pm. Surprisingly, there was still a bit of a wait for two people. The place itself is not that big, service was alright. We had one order of xiao long bao, one order of the crabmeat dumplings, and the shanghai fried noodles (choo chow mein).The noodles were just alright, my SO can cook up a better version. Now the dumplings...they were pretty darn good. The skin was quite thin, so you had to be delicate picking it up. The soup was tasty and leave you wanting more and more and more...I left with a happy tummy, but will be back for more, my dear dumplings!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,11/13/2008,880,513,15,18,19>Sometimes you just want a yammy, big, juicy, fat burger that you know your going to regret eating later. So what better place than at The Counter? The build your own burger idea is pure genius. (Though, I've seen this at Custom Burger in SF before) I thought my kimchi (dude, c'mon, I'm korean!), ahi-tuna burger wasn't going to satisfy my taste buds, but I was pleasantly surprised by the unique but familiar taste. Unfortunately, the meal doesn't come with fries so you gotta order it separately, but make sure you order the sweet potato fries for some sweet potato awesomeness.The decor was kind of so so. Nothing that really stood out. The service was excellent! The only bad side is the price. Close to $20+ for a burger, fries, and drink, but if you want to try out one of the best burgers you'll ever lay your taste buds on, and get away from the usual In-n-Out, Burger King, Micky D's etc, I'd highly recommend this place!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2008,11/12/2008,460,387,21,25,24>Up until about 12:10, I had no plan to eat lunch, but all of a sudden my stomach started screaming at me for food.  I hadn't realized it, but I guess I was hungry....Oh well, when the stomach starts making ultimatums, trusty Yelp is always there to save the day.I hate eating alone, but at 12:10, I was in a hurry to find someone to grab lunch with, and luckily, Michael C., who's been pretty busy of late, was available.  So off we went to a discover another new restaurant.in a hunt for el cheapo foods, one recommendation came up on a few different searches...Wonton House in Santa Clara on the West sid of SJC airport on El Camino.With Su's Mongolian and Hatcho nearby, and a quick look at the restaurant making me a little nervous, we almost switched venues to one of the tried and true venues.  Glad we didn't.This Chinese restaurant serves all the typical Chinese lunch specials you'd expect to find, but they have a special lunch menu with several different kinds of clay pot rice.  YUM YUM YUM!  I ordered the Chinese Sausage, Duck & Pork clay Pot Rice, which comes with a soup (not worth mentioning, not very good) and some bok choy with fish sauce (also pretty meh).  But the clay pot  was delish.  The particular version I had was the different kinds of meat minced together in a a large patty over rice.  It was good, surprisingly good.They also have some other really tasty sounding clay pot rice choices so I'll definitely be back for more.  And the lunch combo clay pots are very filling and only $7.25.  A great deal.Yep, this place was A-OK, and you can bet I'll be back.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,2/7/2008,108,25,48,15,19>***This review must begin with a mandatory ginormous rave for Jenna, the adorable hostess.  She is absolutely charming and witty and detail-oriented and she has an amazing memory.  She once held onto my friend's sunglasses for about two weeks until I popped in and she said, "Here, your mustachioed friend forgot this."  Man, I heart Jenna.***Ok, now we can get down to the nitty gritty.  When Britney Spears was reported slurring, "Eat it, lick it, snort it, f**k it," I felt like that loopy broad finally made sense to me -- she was totally referring to Cafe Artemis, specifically their Ouzo Chocolate Torte with caramel ice cream.  How do I know this?  Because that's MY EXACT REACTION whenever any one of their awesome servers delivers this baby to MY FACE.  Sweet Jeebus, I've never had such a visceral reaction to a baked good before.  I don't merely want to play some Barry White and make sweet, sweet love to it.  Instead, I get these primal urges to commit unspeakable acts with it -- as in I want to blare 2 Live Crew and just flippin' [CENSORED] the ever-loving [CENSORED] out its moist little [CENSORED] and [CENSORED] all over its [CENSORED] [CENSORED].  Could you really blame me, though?  That torte forced me to do it with its creamy mounds and come-lick-me center -- c'mon, you can't just dress a plate like that and not expect it to get orally violated.For serious.***Update 3/15/08***Upon showing my Yelp review on my phone to our waiter, he very graciously and awesomely gave us a Chocolate Ouzo Torte and their traditional caramel-y custard-y flan dessert thingie on the freakin' house.  Gawd, I love this place.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2008,2/5/2008,226,412,8,20,11>This university was ok.  Hell it took me long enough to graduate.I was a Radio-TV-Film-Theatre major.  This department was ok.  There were some interesting classes, but for the most part, I learned way more when I was working out in the field somewhere.  The department, albeit highly political, and depending on the faculty's personal career progress, has a ton of productions students can work on.  I worked on the sound crew for a feature, which then allowed me to get a job working at the Arena.  I also was a Business-Marketing minor.  These classes can get cut-throat. I've had some amazingly brilliant professors.Register early.Don't expect admissions to keep a good track of your records.  As a matter of fact, expect admissions to mess up your record in some sort of fashion, especially if you're transferring from a junior college.  Parking is a daily challenge.  I was lucky enough to live with a couple of roommates in a house that was two blocks away.It is a commuter school, so school spirit is somewhat non-existent and mainly thrives in the douche-filled frats and sororities.  The best team-sports team here is the hockey team.  Judo is also an amazing program that ranks among the highest of the nation.  Yes, there were times I wish I did much better in high school and went to a better school, but I've got no more time for regrets.If you're in the dorms, you will miss mom's cooking.  I will guarantee you that.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2007,2/4/2008,1070,862,10,16,13>This is by far- one of the best urban boutiques that I have been to in the area. The employees are super nice, friendly, and helpful- and the store has a great selection of tops, hoodies, bags, and t shirts. The pricing on items is fair- which is a definite plus. Some of the boutiqes that I have been to seem to jack up prices. The thing I love the most about Premier is that they carry many different t shirt sizes for women. The problem that I have run into at most boutiques is that the t shirts they carry are cut to fit women with the bodies of 12 year old girls. I didn't have this problem at Premier. The shirts were true to size so I was able to find one that didn't make my tata's look like they were suffocating! I will definitely be back!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2007,2/3/2008,47,123,23,19,20>Since I have reached a state of pregnancy that forces us to admit that we will soon have a child, we gussied up and took my awe inspiring pregnancy pumped cleavage and somewhat ridiculous belly out for dinner.For dinner we ordered quite a bit more than we could handle. We started with the carpaccio/tartar/seared beef appetizer, though I'm not supposed to eat such things.  The seared beef was OK, but the tartar was lovely, served with a little raw quail egg on top that was lovely, and also a big no-no for the preggy lady.  The carpaccio was unreal. It had so much flavor, and the sauce and garnish were perfectly proportioned.  My husband had a Chopin Greyhound, it was nicely made and stout without being overpowering. A palate cleanser was brought out, a ginger lime gele. My husband now wants me to learn to do this for dinner parties. Uh, ok babe. That might be a little gauche with Southern food, but I'll get on it. For dinner my husband had a Petite Fillet and the artichoke. Both were very good, and the artichoke was smokey and not too oily. I like that they left the stem on, since that's my favorite part. He also had a very nice melblanc. I had the Melange a Trois, which was a slice of prime rib, fairly forgettable, a nice aged strip with Gorgonzola, and a little braised rib with brie and a puff pastry top, served in a little Le creuset pot. That little pot held the richest, most tender perfect meat. I gave my husband several bites and we both agreed that it was the star. It would be very easy to eat too much of and be sick if given more than that little pot of it. But oh what a way to go! We also had the maple roasted squash and special side, chanterelle mushrooms with pea tendrils. Very good, but I only had about 5 bites in total of the sides. As I have precious little room in my belly and wanted dessert, they had to be packed up for home. Dessert, I have to say, was a little out of hand. We ordered two desserts, a shot of bailey's which was very large, and coffee, half caff because I was starting to get a little sleepy. It came with some very pretty sugar and cream, and a little truffle. The coffee was very good, and the waiter brought both pots over for refills. My truffle I have not eaten yet, but my husband said his was very nice.Then came the pecan brittle. I thought these were pralines, which some of the Mexican restaurants serve after the meals back in Texas. They were tasty, but these too mostly went home.Then came a massive ball of Lemon Lime cotton candy. Very tasty, but I was a little worried about my blood sugar at this point because the two desserts we ordered were still coming. My husband really enjoyed it and ate a surprising quantity.Then, the waiter had a piece of cake brought out for me, with Congratulations! and a candle. It was very tasty and sweet of him, and the chocolate that decorated the plate was worth scraping up. But seriously, I couldn't stop laughing. We already had 4 desserts and our actual desserts were still coming. We never order dessert normally, so this was really getting it done. Next came the Apple of My Eye, an apple cinnamon crem brulee. This is a real winner. Very nice fall flavors, rich smooth custard with just the right amount of apple cinnamon underneath. I usually do not order apple cinnamon desserts because there tends to be a strange restaurant flavor and grit to them, but this was perfect. I would say it was one of the best desserts ever, but we also ordered the souffle, which basically blew all other desserts out of the water. The souffle. It was chocolate, with creme de anglaise, and a few strawberries with a rich chocolate dipping sauce.  It was possibly the best chocolate dessert to grace my mouth. It had good chocolate flavor, but was so subtle and creamy, like what a chocolate marshmallow dreams of being. Puffy, light, rich. I want another right now.  Despite being full and having had 5 other sweet things before it, I could have ordered another immediately. The bill was a very reasonable $200, and we tipped 30%, because our service was great and we might still be pregnant next week. I was only disappointed with the casual dress and demeanor of the clientele. I sat looking at a man with a baseball cap on all night.  I almost had to go Tony Soprano on him it was so annoying. The woman next to us was in all seriousness reminding her fiance that she expected a Mercedes for her birthday. Where do these people come from?
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2007,2/2/2008,148,125,5,8,11>Sumika turns chicken into a culinary delight.Everything chicken is delicious here! I suspect their chickens must have lived the Kobe life - gazing at green fields all day, listening to classical music, getting deep tissue massages and consuming all natural sweet corn ..... Because they surely tasted like top notch meat!We started with seaweed salad with slices of seared chicken. At first I was a little concern eating semi-cooked chicken, but it quickly went out of my mind after my first bite. It tasted like fresh sushi grade white tuna sashimi. Their famous fried organic chicken was crispy, tender and bursting with natural juices. Oyaka-don was cooked to perfection with just the right combination of chicken, egg and rice. I tasted chicken at its best at Sumika.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2008,2/1/2008,21,13,3,13,4>Toddler in tow, we were quite please with their kid friendly service (bowl-box of crayons with a full-sized placemat of coloring fun, trinket toy greeting, cartooned cafeteria-styled kid's plate and Hello Kitty utensils). The kid's chicken teriyaki plate was quite ample, although they were a bit skimpy on the sauce.My husband - a bit of a Midwest type of American, wary to try "new" things and not fond of curry, thought he'd "play it safe" and order the hamburger curry. Result? He said that he'd gladly come back again and pay the $11.00 asked for the tasty dish.I had the chicken curry with brown rice. Yum! Rustic with tender chicken and lots of flavor. Good portions. I took half of my plate home.*** TIP ***Park in the garage. Although I didn't see a sign indicating resident parking, it seems the outside is earmarked for the tenants of the condos above the restaurant. I happen to talk to the guy in a tow truck "policing" the grounds and he advised that I park in the garage.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2007,1/31/2008,902,420,11,13,13>as advertised...straight frozen romance.just order the berry specialty- which is perfect to share.  6 bucks for the best k-style yogurt i have tried, a recent discovery since hitting jubili in SF.the texture and flavor is so much more accommodating with the mounds of kiwi, mochi, strawberry and sprinkled macha all over-- only complaint is not enough mochi..tho i will ask for more next time.after a few bites you will be experiencing bliss and not get so caught up in whatever K-drama they have showing on their plasma w/adjoining music that i think they play in attempts to depress people to just eat more...but, trust me..you will only be seeing rainbows, butterflies and unicorns after every tasty, fulfilling scoop of this K-froyo loveliness.what is Pinkberry again???
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,1/30/2008,0,0,14,13,11>Dude!  I had 2-woman action here and they ALMOST gave me a tee shirt to prove it! LOL!!!I saw Jennifer's post and came here on a whim Wednesday after work (6pm).  It was really slow for them (there were 2 other clients) and when I asked them for a manicure and pedicure, they lead me to the "Deluxe Chair 2000" and I was in heaven!  I think chairs really matter as most of the ones I've seen are OLD and looks torn up!  NASTY!  Not these chairs... OH BUT NO -- they spent the extra $500 bucks to get the deluxe model!My massage was so amazing (from the chair) that when the chair started to "karate chop" my back, my boobies were shaking left to right in my loose shirt!  I was abit embarrassed but there were no men to ogle at me so ---- FUGGIT!  I let the man boobs quake away! LOL!I don't normally get my nails done (perhaps once or twice a quarter) and I can definitely say that I will come back again... after work of course.  Why?  Because I sat in that chair the WHOLE ENTIRE TIME and I had ONE woman doing my mani and another woman doing my pedi!  I hate it when I go to a nail salon and they want to do my pedi and then CAREFULLY walk your ass to a desk to do your mani!  DAMMIT!  I'm a girl on da fly and my time is PRECIOUS!!!!  LOL!!So afterwards, they massaged both hands and feet for a good 5 minutes and I was good to go!  Almost a complete full body massage (just needed someone to massage my theighs and my shoulders - LOL!). So how much did this cost?$30 for a mani/pedi and I left a $6 tip (I usually tip beauty people 20%+ because they are so hands-on... more work than a stupid waiter!).  So make the stop here before going to Pinky's in Cupertino.  It was definitely worth the $5 upgrade (Pinky's mani/pedi are $25) because you get the kick ass massage chair, 2 woman action and lotsa space (Pinky's I felt was too cramped!!!).
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2007,1/29/2008,97,206,17,12,8>"Your ass feels GOOD!"  says my husband....I told him to thank Mercy for it.  I found Mercy through Yelp and I've been training with her for about 3 months and I can see the difference in the way my body looks, feels, and moves.  My legs are leaner and my body is definitely toned!With 2 pinched nerves in my lower back, strengthening my core was key.  I've always been fit, but abdominal work was always difficult (painful). But Mercy has taught me how to connect with my abs (yes... they are there) and strengthen them without the pain.  I haven't had ANY back issues for the past 3 months.  AMAZING.I've finally found a system and a fantastic instructor that works for me.  You're stuck with me Mercy...for life!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,1/28/2008,169,661,9,14,14>I love tres leches cake.  LOVE IT!  The reason that I love it so much is because there's no way that it can ever be dry since there are three types of milk (evaporated milk, sweetened condensed milk, and regular milk).  I've tried the ones from Safeway (they do a decent job), and the one at El Gallo Giro, but the one from Pink Elephant is by far one of the best ones that I've had. The location is right on King Road, so watch out for traffic on a Friday night.  A 10" round set me back $22 which isn't all that bad.  They have mounds and mounds of pan all over the place; enough to cause a diabetic to go into shock by just walking in the store.  Try this place for some of the best pasteles in the area!CASH ONLY!UPDATE 12/5Went here for a slice of tres leches, and am happy that I am.  Slices are a whole $1!  YES, you read it right!  $1 for a slice of tres leches.  Freaking cheap, and it was GOOD.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/4/2008,1/3/2009,48,170,8,11,12>Kake S. and I have planned a few "Ramen Dates" in the area... i.e. when our hubbies are busy and working hard, we go out and have Ramen!Our first Ramen Date was at Kahoo, recommended by Toro.  I've tended to stay away from Ramen in the US due to my traumatic experience as a kid... those Ramens were never good!  (In Japan, I am a standard ramen lover with my favorites being Keika, Gogyo, and Ippudo)But nowadays I hear that the Ramen Boom has struck in the US again, with many good quality places opening, particularly in NY but also in the Bay Area as well.Kahoo is conveniently located next to Mitsuwa.  I ordered a Kotteri Miso Ramen and shared a rice bowl (with cabbage, boiled egg, and ground pork) with Kake.  Fatty as these things are, they are delicious.  I'm usually not a fan of Miso, Shoyu, or Shio Ramen (addicted to pork broth), but their Miso was great!  The noodles, which are closer to Chinese noodles and thick and curly, were cooked aldente.  The boiled egg on both the ramen and the rice bowl were amazing.  I want to be able to cook a boiled egg like that.  The rice bowl was a perfect side dish too, although it would have gone better had I chosen a less oily Ramen like Shio.  We left the restaurant promptly at around 7:30pm, and already there was a huge line outside.  I can see why.Our hunt for the best Ramen in the Bay Area continues...
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,1/2/2009,124,156,4,9,8>So I was hesitant to try this place since the dishes are mainly lamb and thats what they are really known for. But I hate the lamby taste, since this was really a block away from the house i couldnt complain. The place is super brand new with really clean decor and really friendly owners. They are the elderly couple and since it wasnt busy, they chit chatted with us for a while. Okay so i ordered teh lamb shwerma with a side of fries and woot woot. I now have a favorite dish. I am now proud to sya that most burrito's in the bay suck and I would eat a shwerma over a burrito any day. The humus was good and that white sauce in the bottle was good. I am glad I came here and look forward to many walks here from home. Thanks
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2008,1/1/2009,515,371,8,12,12>I was totally craving the pho and fried eggrolls at Pho Tau Bay so we headed over for there for dinner.  To our dismay, when we walked up we saw that it was closed for remodeling and would open on September 10!  :(  Ugh.   My bf knew of a place closeby so we headed to Pho Kim Long.   I have to admit I was pretty skeptical because I'm pretty picky with my pho.   When we arrived at 6pm, it was PACKED.  Every table was full and there was a line out the door.   We were seated within 5 minutes and the food came out promptly.   I have to say the service is pretty bad here in terms of attitude, but the food was really good.   I ordered a large pho with rare beef on the side and some spring rolls (they didn't have the fried eggrolls here).   The spring rolls were fresh and tasty.   The large pho was HUGE.  The broth was really great and I liked the noodles too.  I have to say that I prefer the quality of the beef at Pho Tau Bay more.   Overall, they serve up a great bowl of pho, so I can see why this place is so crowded!I would definitely come back again!  *cash only*
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,12/31/2008,128,241,10,11,12>Now that I have a kid, my outlook on going out has changed completely.  I don't need fancy, I don't need hip and I don't need happening.  Sadly, I just want something that is convenient and has room for a stroller.  With this criteria, I went and ate with some other friends that also have a young one.I have never been to a SCC, so I was first surprised by the ordering method.  It looks like a nice sit down restaurant, but you actually get up to the counter and order.  You then get a buzzer to let you know when your food is ready.  Later on I was told there was a section of the restaurant that had a traditional waiter take your order.The interior of the place was very spacious and distinguished.  There is a bar area, different dining areas, the ordering area and also a little niche to get your cutlery and condiments.  And yes, there was plenty of room for my stroller at the table.The food came out pretty quickly, I only had enough time to get two sets of forks and knives and some ketchup (or was that catsup...).  I had the tri-tip and my wife had the garlic lemon half chicken.  I encouraged her to get the half instead of quarter order and she later thanked me for it.  The food was tasty and moderately priced.While eating, they have servers come around even if you sit in the 'help yourself' area.  There was even a little kid (I'm assuming his parents owned the place) coming to bus our plates.  Cute.  I felt bad, I think he was only 10, so I didn't want to give him my big plates.  My first thought was if he drops them, does it come out of his allowance?  That would be terrible and I wouldn't want that to be my fault.Even with the semi-child-labor, I enjoyed a nice dinner with friends and kids.  Definetly a good place to go if you need to sprawl out a little bit to eat.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,12/30/2008,353,194,9,14,11>Celebrated my guy friend's birthday here last friday, its a good thing that my friend's fiancee reserved our spot in this restaurant because it does get pack, whats also helpful is there is a sign that tells you about gochi and that it is best to reserve your table ahead of time not prior to going there cuz the wait is bad!! Anyways, my friend Gloria C. and I were the ones making all the choices on what to order, so we order Cod( sorry i forgot the name of the dish) mushroon risotto croquette: delicious Kimchee rice: Spicy yet it was delicious, had a few bites because i was getting stuffed!!Miso Soup with clams: my fave at all japanese restaurants, its a must for me to order miso soup.Mushroon Tofu Pizza: my friends and i were curious at the pizza as like any other pizza its a small personal pizza good for like 6 people, however the smell of the mushroom was soo distinct that you already know that the mushroom will overpower the taste.i forgot the name of the dish but i had it before when i ate here with my family, but it had asparagus, cheese and beef and the dipping sauce is delicious!! sweet miso.we also had this seasonal dish with lotus root and shrimp, Gloria C. wanted us to try this dish lotus root and crab but this dish was the closest one.Lettuce wrap: LOVED LOVED LOVED this dish!! and last but not least the dessert!! OMG!! the green tea creme brulee was to die for!! this is my new fave dish here, the custard didnt taste like a custard more along like mousse!!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,12/29/2008,902,420,12,17,17>this place reminded me of muguboka and han il kwan of SF cause of the three times i came here in one week (and that says a lot being there is a 20:1 ratio of korean eat joints to starbucks within 10 blocks of El Camino), there was always a tour bus with tons of koreans gettin on or off to come here.  the quality of eats and decent service were also similar traits I found here, but a HUGE difference was you don't need a translator here to decipher what to order!yelp.com/biz_photos/Zo9aduring this cold spell it was a must to order soups each time we came through...sol lung tang was okay but..kalbi tang was scrumptious!yelp.com/biz_photos/Zo9abanchan was on-point  ^_^  especially the onegi and tamago dishes-yelp.com/biz_photos/Zo9apajun was soo YUMM!!!  crispy and pre-sliced for ease of gorging..the so go gi jun was where it was at tho!!!  supposedly this dish is hard to find at most spots.yelp.com/biz_photos/Zo9aspecial private room in the back looks like an eventual eatout eventyelp.com/biz_photos/Zo9adidn't try the meats but now have something to compare to since hitting ibunjee with a bunch of famous korean yelpers last week!  how can this place have less than 40 revs??!!  especially with a musicbox conveniently next door???!!!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2008,12/28/2008,176,370,13,8,8>"Sushi Club...  What the hell does that mean?" - It's a club that wants you to love it for it's sushi so badly, it'll even wash your butt.  Yup.  I said it... and YES, my friend and I had oodles of fun playing with all the functions in the bathroom for the bidet... they have options like "Turbo spray"... "Feminine"....  "Dry your booty"... etc.  We spent a good 10 minutes in the bathroom giggling, squealing, and shrieking with delight with each new button function...  but enough about the bidet... ONWARDS TO THE SUSHI!On the outside, it's nothing special... just another building in another strip mall area set alongside other strip mall areas on El Camino.  That all changes when you walk in and are greeted by numerous members of wait staff, making you feel as though you've entered some Hong Kong casino movie and you've hit the high-roller's club.  The decor was purposely designed to give you a private room/booth feeling, with some sense of separation for each area to sit.  The owner pulled out all the stops and made sure the decor for this place was really something to take in.  I would say this is a great place to bring a date or a group of business people on a budget if you're restricted to Sunnyvale.The sushi was good, not bad, but not OUTSTANDING.  We ordered a spicy crunch roll [which came out with LOTS of extra tempura bits], a Firecracker roll [spicy if you like a lot of sriracha sauce], a Dragonball roll [a bit of a let down], a spicy tuna roll, the Lion King roll [baked and pretty good!], a Cherry blossom roll [it was alright], and another roll I can only say started with an "A"...The best roll that really shined through for me was the Lion King - and it tasted better than most of the baked rolls I've ever tried.  Our Cherry blossom roll did not taste as fresh as I had hoped it would be, and I devoured the Firecracker roll because I like spicy and the presentation was very nice... however, I felt as though it had just a little too much of sriracha on it, and it made it a little hard to enjoy the yellow tail.  The Dragonball roll was just like a nigiri sampler, except instead of rice, the fish choices were formed over a ball of sliced bits of imitation crab...  It's not that I didn't like it, it was just a very different texture than what I was expecting.Definitely come here if you are looking to impress a person with the atmosphere, but be warned that the price you'll shell out for the sushi partially is the cost of atmosphere because the sushi is good, but not great.  1 star - Food1 star - "BIDET" love for the ladies1 star -  Atmosphere.1 star - Insanely cheap drink menu from the bar... with good drinks to boot!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,12/27/2008,830,598,15,18,18>I only took the ride back going home after the Yelp Holiday Party. I'm not sure how the party got started from the beginning, but from what I've seen and heard....I guess the partying really got started on the yacht! The yacht wasn't bad looking, but it was a tight squeeze when you have drunk people spread out lying down on the cushion-y seats. Oh well! Black interior with an LCD TV screen, wine bottles, champagne glasses, cool lighted ceiling/roof, and the music...it was okay. Every single time there was a bump on the road, the music would jerk and stop for a quick second then replay again. Hmph! Sam, our driver was kind to our entire group. He did a quick stop to let others get some fresh air, rolled down the windows and was very patient with all of us because we were a wild bunch. No, really....well...some of us were. Thank you for your services!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,12/26/2008,2747,1075,16,18,22>Open for late lunch on Sunday.  Los Gatos is a haven of the rich, a place where the Valley moguls retreat to the hills and relax above it all.  Between the cool of San Francisco and the cool of Monterey, there was a band of heat that encompassed Los Gatos and Santa Cruz.  We stopped at The Grillhouse in Los Gatos' Old Town shopping area, hoping to find something tasty in the afternoon.  We were in luck -- the restaurant featured a "late lunch," that was an extensive menu.  The hostess seated us on the patio, under an umbrella in the sunshine.  My Lady ordered a Caesar salad, to which the waiter offered to add shrimp, so just like that her dream salad appeared.  This was oh-so-elegant with the whole leaves of Romaine.  She ordered iced tea to complement the salad in the afternoon sun.  I ordered a Margherite pizza, whose flavors were both subtle and sumptuous.  The fontina and mozzarella blended into a golden elixir, reflecting the golden sunlight streaming down on our table, with just the right amount of chew.  Slender strings of cheesy goodness connected to the basil and fresh sliced tomatoes still resting on the other slices on the plate.  A thin crust, crisp yet firm, supported the other ingredients.  I had a diet Coke with the pizza, creating one of my all-time favorite flavor combinations.  The tab was $34.10 + tip for the two of us, leaving us feeling rich and opulent as we resumed our journey in our rented Jaguar X-type sedan.  Fare well, Grillhouse!  We shall return someday.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,12/25/2008,386,452,18,20,18>We came here as our first stop when out and about celebrating my girl Y's birthday and we had a blast! Thank goodness Mikey and Sarah already had a table or else we'd be stuck standing and in a place as crowded and small as Seven Bamboo you really do want to be sitting if you can. The waitress was great- super nice and cute. Love the variety available from sake, beer, mixed drinks, etc. I love the vibe here! So chill and it looks like everyone (huge range in age was represented) was just having a great time singing along with the person on the stage. Extra plus? It's close to where I live! Definitely looking forward to coming back here again!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,4/10/2013,564,356,8,10,6>This place STILL rocks my world! Conveniently located down the road from my 'rents house, I always make sure to stop by when I visit my family. The menu is extensive and extremely inexpensive but with massive, QUALITY portion size food.My favorites are the Pork with Hot Garlic Sauce and Sauteed Tofu; I also suggest trying their Chow Fun and Mushroom Chicken. The food makes me salivate every time I think about it! The staff is always cheerful no matter what time of day or night it is; we have even done the dreadful thing of ordering food 5 minutes prior to closing and they were still all in smiles when we showed up. Plus, they have an adorable little Chinese child who runs around beaming holding eggrolls literally every time I go in there that I want to steal and make my own; can I have him, please?!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,4/9/2013,84,78,10,21,18>The true ride or die type of business, with the real go to guys that gets it done! -This is the only place I know where I can get a bar tape and a derailleur adjustment for less than $25. True story.. these guys and gals here know what it is to be a cyclist, a student, and be broke- I can say that because I've been all three at one point and they've kept me on the road on my bike just hammering away miles and miles chasing that better future. Well guess what? -  I'm all well and done now- I've graduated, opened a small business of my own and I came to get my old partner in crime (my bike!) a derailleur adjust.. it gave me chills just stepping into this small shop with a humble heart because they don't know what they've done for me as a struggling person. Without these guys (along with ramen noodles + eggs!) I wouldn't be where I am.So without hesitation- this has got to be the easiest 5 stars i've put on yelp in my few years of yelping.  Hopefully you guys pass on bigger shops to give them a try, it isn't the fanciest or the coolest, but they know how to relate and appreciate customers like me and like you:) Tips: Please try them, come early- bring a friend, tell 'em about it.. great place:)
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,4/8/2013,234,166,18,17,17>What a great vibe. I have lived in this neighborhood for almost a year and never stepped foot in this place.Well, for our PAL NIGHT Christmas exchange, the girls and I were directed to this place while waiting for our table at Zona Rosa. The atmosphere was pretty laid back and it's actually very roomy. We easily grabbed a nice little four seat table. The service was friendly and attentive but not too overly attentive. They gave us room to enjoy our drinks and have a decent conversation. They have an extensive wine menu. For someone that is not a wine connoisseur (me) it's a little daunting to open the menu and choose something. However, ask the friendly bartenders/waiters and they will happily help you. The only draw back was having my heart set on something and them not having it in stock. Downtown San Jose, you're getting less trashier and more classier every minute!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/7/2013,193,358,12,15,10>So happy to see that Chaat Bhavan opened up in Santa Clara, following their huge success in Fremont.Tried a bunch of different items on their menu and everything is fan-freakin-tastic...My personal favorite and a must try is bhindi-fry (stir-fried Okra).However.... of course, nothing in life is perfect, right????Parking can be a pain!Be prepared to waitttttDon't be surprised to see a hella lot of my peeps (aka brown peeps aka Indian folks)
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/6/2013,196,244,6,13,8>Dinner #2 of my birthday celebration and I chose Nemea. I have had this place bookmarked since it opened. I love Greek food in general and have never had the opportunity to patronize a more upscale greek dining establishment. I am use to and have been happy with my local mom and pop greek eaterys. So this was something new I was looking forward to. Reservations were easily obtained since I dont think word has gotten around yet about the caliber of food this establishment offers. I am sure if they keep their quality and service consistent, it will soon blossom into a very popular downtown destination.We arrived 20 mins early for our reservation and we were seated immediatly. A bread basket filled with fresh slices of olive bread, olive oil, and olives were served immediatly. Our server Kristin greeted us warmly and offered some wine samplings of a Greek white and Greek red wine. I opted for a glass of white wine ( Bosinakis Mantinia @ $10 a glass ) My husband opted for the Greek red ( Foundis Xinomavro 2006 @ $13.00 ) Both excellent and complimented our dinner selections. The little one ordered a fruity virgin drink which I left to the bartenders discretion. He created a virgin peach fuzz ($2) for her which was out of this world. She had 2!The Food:Appetizers: Octapodi ( grilled octopus ) $13 This was a very simple dish. Seasoned lightly and chargrilled. We added a squeeze of fresh lemon. Kalamarakia ( fried calamari ) $10.50 Lightly battered fresh calamari which included the body and the tentacles. I LOVE when they include the tentacles! That is my favorite part. The batter was very light and not thick. This was served with a aioli sauce. Delicious!  I preferred this over the octopus. Main courses ( all came with greens and roasted thick cut potato fries )Lavraki ( whole chargrilled bass ) $29 My husband ordered this after I insisted he try something new. He was leaning towards the salmon but he always gets salmon when he's in the mood for fish. I am so glad he opted for this dish because it was so tasty! A whole bass ( head and all ) marinated, seasoned, and chargrilled to perfection. The meat was so flaky, moist, and flavorful. I will have to order this for myself next time. Moschari Souvlaki ( Filet beef tips ) $24 X 2 Both my girls opted for this dish. It was grilled and served with a light aioli yogurt sauce. My oldest finished her whole plate. She marveled over the tenderness and how great it tasted. Can you tell she loved her food?! The little one ate half which I expected because she had tons of the calamari. She finished the rest about an hour later at home lol. Paidakia ( Chargrilled lamb chops ) $32 I ordered this after reading some of the earlier reviews. I was not disappointed! Lamb is a hit and miss for me. Some places, its gamey and tough with a funky flavor. Not at Nemea. I would say it was the best lamb chops I have ever eaten! The flavors were phenomenal and had a hint of lemon. The portion came with 3 chops but I was so full at this point, I was only able to finish two. I couldn't resist chewing on the bits of meat off the bone though. Haha no shame..it was just too delicious! Dessert:Rizogalo ( Greek rice pudding ) $6 Wow this was not overly sweet and had a hint of cinnamon? It was delicious. I couldnt believe I had room but made room after taking a bite of this! Loukoumathes ( Greek beignets ) $7  Like a doughnut but a bit denser. This was good but I much preferred the rice pudding. If youre a donut lover, you would appreciate this. After Dinner Beverages:Espresso $4Hot tea $4Service was impeccable. Very warm and inviting. Kristin, our server, was very accommodating. She was attentive without hovering. Our waters were always filled and our bread basket/olives were never empty. So what are you waiting for? Eat here asap and write a review so we can share our experiences! 5 stars
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/5/2013,469,258,9,13,12>One of the best meals I've had in awhile! A well-deserved 5 stars!!!I came here for dinner with some girlfriends on a Saturday night. Luckily we made reservations because this place is pretty small but it's very cozy. The dim lighting made the ambiance very romantic and intimate. I really loved the candle fixture they had on the walls (a shame they didn't light them that night). We noticed that the maximum capacity was only 35 so you might want to plan ahead!We were seated at one of the high tables, which was really nice! I had a lovely view of the restaurant. yelp.com/biz_photos/san-Our waitress was really nice, she checked on us several times and even took a picture for us! Our waters were refilled continuously throughout the meal without having to flag someone down so that was a plus!The girls and I were FAMISHED when we got here so we decided to order one of their small plates - the mini burgers. They included cheddar, tomatoes, pickles, aioli, & garlic fries. It was a very hefty portion of fries for two mini burgers! We cut each in half since there were 4 of us. It was really good! The meat was juicy and the fries were crisp and garlicy!yelp.com/biz_photos/san-Onto the main course. I ordered the Sizzling Cornish Hen.. with a description like "the crispy skin is glazed with Honey infused Garlic Butter Sauce, side House Salad and choice of Garlic Rice or Garlic Fries" how could I go wrong?! I chose garlic fries because you can never go wrong with more fries (: yelp.com/biz_photos/san-My first bite and I was in loooove! Seriously, if someone could make this for me, I would say I do faster than the speed of light! It was just amazing. The skin was so crispy and the honey infused garlic butter sauce was delightful! -- my mouth is watering as I type! For a bistro, I'd have to say the portions were generous for the price, which didn't break the bank either! There's street parking or you could park in the lots, but beware because they do not validate parking! They do have happy hour on weekdays (excluding event days) from 4:30-6:30PM so I would definitely want to come back to check that out too. Without a doubt, I'm a huge fan of San Pedro Square Bistro & Wine & I will be back!!!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,4/4/2013,2665,2597,10,18,12>This is kind of my new favorite Vietnamese spot. Seriously, like .... "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" kind of favorite.I found this place because one day a coworker was saying that she craved bun thit nuong and I seriously had to look that up because I was like, huh?! In turns out it was grilled pork vermicelli and I love this stuff! Yelp said this place was great, so we headed here on our lunch break.I love that this place is nice, clean, well lit ... and well frankly clean. I mean to find a good Vietnamese places that's not got sticky floors is a hard task sometimes, not that there's anything wrong with it but sometimes you just want to know that there hasn't been any flies around your chopsticks!The menu was extensive, and the portions are GIGANTOUR. Seriously I could not have finished it if I had been starved for three days. I think maybe it's slightly more (like ... $0.50 to $1.00) than some other places but totally worth it because it's not just a supersized version of regular food, it's delicious and flavor infused down to the last bite!The staff is nice, and the food comes fast. The flavor is dead on and I definitely have been coming back here regularly since! CASH ONLY of course but otherwise A+!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,4/3/2013,942,253,16,37,18>After a very early start for Christmas shopping this morning AND driving in the typhoon-like rain, we came here for lunch.  We have dined here several times and always leave satisfied with our menu options.  It's our #1 fave pho spot  and we don't mind driving across town whenever we have a craving for pho!Upon arrival, you are greeted by one of the staff and shown a table. Plastic/laminated menus are handed out with good descriptions, in English, on both sides.  The menu shows various pho selections (beef or chicken), stir fry and rice dish options.  The drinks available are hot tea, coffee, soda and other items I am not familiar with.  I usually order a salty plum soda.The tables are well spaced apart and cleaned immediately after it is vacated.  The floors are kept clean which is a good thing!After placing our order today (stir fried flank steak pho with thick white noodles and a beef/veggie stir fry over noodles), the pho soup came out first closely followed by the stir fry.  Both dishes came out pipping hot as usual. One important note - we always request the thick white noodles with our pho and it is amazing!  If you want the thick  white noodles, you need to let them know when they take your order.In the many times we have dined here, the pho soup always comes out first while a stir fry or rice dish will follow shortly but not too long thereafter.As we are not Vietnamese, we're not familiar with any subtle differences between northern-style pho (which is what is served here) versus the southern-style pho in Vietnam.  What I can tell you is we like the pho and other dishes here enough to come back several times.*CASH ONLY*  Thanks to Yelper and Friend Randy F. for recommending this spot!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/2/2013,56,133,4,9,6>Came here on a Sunday night, place had plenty of seating. The decor is clean and tidy, it's a nice atmosphere. The menu is relatively simple, but that's how I like my ramen places. There's 4 ramen options: 2 seafood based ones (clam and seafood), and 2 non (shio and shoyu), and each has two sizes to choose from. There are not very many extra topping options unfortunately. The prices are inclusive of tax (~$8-11).The only weird thing is they do not serve tea at all, I was told it's because the ramen already comes with hot soup so they don't do hot tea (what now?), and when I asked for hot water instead, I was told that's not available either. I don't understand how you can cook ramen back there without hot water. But anyway, that was just an annoying quirk because I was thirsty and cold, didn't want ice water.Since I am a big fan of seafood, I got the seafood ramen. I was pretty happy with the broth upon first taste because it came out just right, not too bland and not too salty. The noodles were a little tough, so I had to let it sit for a bit in my soup. The seafood ramen comes with 1 shrimp, 1 oyster, and ~4 clams.In summary, the food is pretty good, the environment is nice, service is pleasant, the price point is on par - I would come back for more.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,4/1/2013,279,68,9,13,9>Been a fan since 2006!I KID YOU NOT, they make sashimi slices for giants here. Their sashimi cuts (even the 4pc order) are the thickest, fattest slices I've EVER seen. The fish is unbelievably fresh too, I honestly don't know why this place doesn't have better reviews. I had a huge $400 take-out order with my family and they did not fail. They took my super long order early (before they even opened) and made everything within 30 minutes. I recommend the Mega 3 Roll (comes with a special sauce and so much better than Cha Cha Sushi's).I also have to note, this is the first place that got me into uni sashimi! The uni was melt-in-your-mouth fresh! The first few times I've tried uni I didn't think like it, but this place finally changed my mind. My uni-lover cousin (Caroline T.) can also attest to this. The restaurant accidentally made uni nigiri instead of sashimi, so they gave us both for free. ....Who gives uni for free?! SUSHI O SUSHI! :)
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2011,5/25/2011,455,236,13,9,8>I never even knew a lingerie coffee shop existed!  One night before we all went to party at Santana Row, a few of us were feeling sluggish so we decided to grab some coffee.  One of my friends suggested that we check out Café Quyen . . . one of the many lingerie coffee shops in East Side San Jose.  My first question was . . . how are the girls?  His response:  "Um, it's hit and miss."  We decided to try it out anyways.  We pulled into the parking lot at Café Quyen and luckily there was a lot of parking available.  We walked in and there was loud music playing and flat screen televisions (showing sports) around the perimeter of the room.  The venue is quite interesting.  The venue is about 80' x 40' and it's full of chairs that all face the center.  I quickly realized why . . . the girls were literally in lingerie and serving coffee.  Oddly, one girl was wearing a bra with a fishnet dress and no panties.  I guess she thought it was a bottom-less bar?  Anyways, the clientele looked like as if they just woke up and walked in from the streets.  Yes . . . ghetto!When you sit down, one of the girls come by and ask for what you want.  Just order a iced coffee and enjoy the experience.  The coffee is actually quite good and very strong.  One of the girls had pasties on and then the bottom-less girl started to dance on top of the table.  After we finished our coffee, we decided to check out the lingerie coffee shop next door.  I'll post that review in a few days.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,5/24/2011,853,359,10,13,12>On a bright sunny day there is nothing better than a delicious fish taco from Dia de Pesca.I have come here many times and never been disappointed. The fish is super fresh and so are the veggies. The sauce they put in the taco is delicious and everything is just exploding with flavor!A fish taco costs $3.25 and is guaranteed delicious. I've tried the prawn, crab, halibut (breaded and grilled) and they are all exquisite. Friends have tried multiple other iterations of these delightful morsels and everyone always marvels at them.Though the tacos are to die for, I have recently tried the quesadilla, and OMG they are out of this world! So good that I might have converted the quesadilla to my go to. I got a large size with prawns and scallops ($7.95 + $1 extra charge for the second type of sea food). The quesadilla has two kinds of cheese (Monterey Jack/Cheddar) and comes with salsa, sour cream and guacamole. This is a dish for champions!The aguas frescas are always great here too. They have different daily flavors and they are always very refreshing. The service is always good. The place is usually pretty packed but food will come out pretty quick. It's not a great place on a rainy day because most of the seats are outdoors. But when the sun is shining there is nothing better!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,5/23/2011,299,340,11,14,11>I just unlocked the Glamorama badge on Yelp!Who? Moi?Yes, me--thanks to a return visit to Moi Day Spa! After a physically challenging month, my body was crying out for a massage. Every muscle seemed to be tied up in knots, so I knew it was time to give myself over to Sheila's skilled hands.One hour  and one deep tissue massage later, I floated out of Moi Day Spa a new person. Thank you, Sheila, for your healing hands and compassionate client service!Note: You receive a 10% discount during your birthday month, which made an already reasonably priced massage the perfect birthday present to myself.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,5/22/2011,878,405,12,18,18>Glad to see that they have meat-infused Pan de sal.  It's exactly what I wished for in my previous review.  I prefer their meaty corned beef Pan de sal.  It almost reminded me of the one's I used to get at Starbucks in Manila.  I'm also a fan of their Menudo Pan de sal and Pork Adobo Pan de sal.  Flavor of both menudo and adobo were spot on.  I just wish I had more of it!  They also have chicken Pan de sal available.   These tasty treats are only a buck fifty each and perfect for breakfast or a quick lunch.  Another surprise? They now accept credit cards!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,5/21/2011,866,266,6,9,8>This is a great place - very nearly 5 stars if only I had found more fro-yo flavors that appealed to me that day. At $1 for a gelato cake cone and $0.30 per ounce for the frozen yogurt, prices are great. The $1 cone is a steal the way they serve it - they give you the largest scoops known to mankind. Ten fro-yo flavors to choose from. Loads of toppings at the counter like you would normally expect from a fro-yo place. I spied the mango popping boba and had to get that (I feel an addiction coming on). They've also got dispensers on the wall where you can load up on chocolate chips, fruit loops, and the like.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,5/20/2011,360,550,4,6,7>After skippping lunch today, I thought I'd hunt for some froyo in a place I've not yet tried & found Sweet Sundays. I was greeted by a cute blonde gal with a personality to match.  The place is a little small and narrow with pink painted walls.  I was in the mood for vanilla so I could put some goodies on the top.  They had a "Tart" flavor so I squirted a little of that in my cup.  Then I swiped a taste with my finger - didn't like it.  It was comparable to Pinkberry only it was gritty.  I'm certain they add powder to it for the tart flavor but it wasn't smooth.  There were some containers of toppings next to the six or so machines (each had a different flavor) but I coudln't figure out some of the toppings, there were no signs.  So I got a few things I was familiar with like snickers, strawberries, etc.  I asked for mochi balls & I didn't notice them because they were different pastels colors - not the usual white like I'm used to.  Then I couldn't find the oreos but they were in clear containers attached to the wall - mmmm, lots of good stuff to choose from on that wall and they all have signage!  I LOVED the toasted coconut! After paying for my froyo, I noticed some whipped cream containers & the sweet gal let me add it on after without charging me.  Actually, I'm not sure if it's complimentary or not since whipped cream doesn't weigh much.  Good grief, there were three flavors: regular, berry, and caramel.  I squirted a little of all three and the caramel was omg good.  Yup, I"ll be coming back here for sure.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,5/19/2011,637,212,13,17,13>Being Vietnamese myself, my Vietnamese food radar tells me that this is one of the places that is decent for a plate of rice or bowl of pho after 10 pm on any given night.The establishment is located inside the Grand Century plaza in *beautiful* Eastside muthafuckin' San Jose. Don't take too many pictures of the surrounding area now! And it just so happens that this restaurant is next to a Vietnamese cafe so get your kicks there after a bowl of food here.So here's my findings after trying a few of their dishes:Pho Ga (chicken): The broth is good. Has tons of flavor but is chucked with so much MSG you can drown in it. The chicken that is in the dish can be with or without skin but personally, the chicken is not up to my standards. It's tough, beyond chewy and not cooked enough. I believe the pho ga is edible but I can't recommend it as their best. 3 out of 5 starsPho Bo Vien (beef balls): The broth is excellent. It's flavored perfectly and doesn't make me feel like I'm drinking MSG but enjoying pho. I believe it's on the saltier side than most other broths I've tried but it's still tasty. The beef balls are good. The consistency is pretty good but could be better. I would choose this dish over pho ga any day. 4 out of 5 starsPho Tai (steak strips): Like pho bo vien, the broth is excellent. I think it's a good balance that's not oily but packs a lot of flavor. The strips of beef can be served to you in the bowl or on the side so that you get it fresh. Remember to throw the meat in when the soup is hot so it cooks it well! Or you can be totally Vietnamese about it and get extra lemons to squeeze the juice on-top of the meat, add salt and pepper to flavor and eat raw. :) - Definitely one of their best pho choices. 5 out of 5Com Bo Luc Lac (cube steak with red rice): I'm not a big fan of cubed steak but I find their serving of this dish here DELICIOUS. The meat is cooked medium and it's so juicy and tender! The seasoning is absurdly good. I love the red rice because it's moist and mouth-watering. It's served with all the fixings including nuoc mam (fish sauce), salad, cucumber, tomatoes, and a little green chili pepper. Remember to order an egg (served sunny side up) with this dish!Cha Gio (fried eggrolls): I am a huge fan of the eggrolls here. The appetizer comes with a few rolls so make sure you order to share! The eggrolls here have the perfect meat-to-veggie ratio, fried to perfection and complete with nuoc mam (fish sauce). This is a must have to complete those rice plates!Overall, this is a great spot to go to if you want a good variety of late-night Vietnamese food. Remember that it's CASH ONLY. There's rip-off ATM near registered by the bathroom for those of you who don't carry cash. :)
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2011,5/17/2011,1260,803,36,32,22>All eyes on me when I walk in, No question that I weigh two-ten Don't hate me cause my belly's fullDon't hate me cause my belly's fullMy walk, my swag, the way I eat It's not my fault if there's no more meat Don't hate me cause my belly's fullDon't hate me cause my belly's fullDo the husky boy rock!!!youtube.com/watch?v=HtXOOkay.... Ya'll better hit this place up now before the food goes down like Todai's!  Yes, it's an Asian buffet!  They flared up the place and the food.They got fresh fish (salmon, tuna, mackerel..just to name a few), fresh sushi and the dragon rolls, dim sum, crab legs, roast duck, wakame seaweed, fresh oysters, manila clams, and delicious green tea ice cream!Skip the basic Chinese food like chow mein and egg rolls.    Get your money's worth and hit the seafood and dim sum!    And if it's your birthday, YOU GET FREE DINNER!!!    And.... In honor of Chinese New Year... its 10% for all diners!Minus one star because the service still sucked.   They will never bring replacement forks and spoons.   I had to beg for water.Minus one star because the bathrooms were never updated.  It's still the old Todai's up in there!  Hella foul!Romantic:  Hell No.  Don't you dare take your Valentine's date here.Ideal for:  Family gatherings and celebrations.    My dad wanted fresh fish for his birthday.Will You Go Back:    We're coming back until the place goes to sh*t.Best Place to Park:   It's at the Eastridge Mall.  Park near the Red Robin & JC Penny area.Lunch or Dinner:  Go for dinner!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,5/15/2011,1167,294,5,13,11>One of my favorite places to eat. Never fails me. I'm surprised that I have not reviewed it yet. I usually get the regular ramen or the katsu curry:I think the type of meat that comes with their ramen makes my tummy feel weird, so I just get the #1 ramen vs the charsu ramen (chasu? i can't remember) that comes with more meat. Note: It's not just their meat in particular, other meat from ramen shops make my tummy feel weird too. I still eat it, but not too much. The #1 ramen is just a basic ramen with one slab of said meat, bamboo shoots, green onions, and fish cake. Best $4.75 I ever spent.When I don't feel like ramen, I get the katsu curry and ask for more pickled radish. Yummy. They've slightly given less meat... you would only notice this if you frequented this place 3 years ago. Even with the current portions, it's enough. Little bits of beef can be found in the curry sauce, they don't mess around.The salad is yum. Very simple, and I NEED to know where they get their dressing! Some days they sell Okinawan donuts at the register, which basically taste like a plain unpowdered donut. Pretty simple. Also, it's CASH ONLY. There's a Bank of America ATM near the dining area.I don't get beverages here, which I get over at the grocery. They (grocery) put a "PAID" sticker on it. Miyabi Tei also offers water at the register.I miss the bald Japanese guy that used to work the register a lot. I know he still works here, maybe he's in the back more because I still see him now and then. There was also a lady too, now it's younger girls.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,5/14/2011,439,671,7,13,10>The World According to Noelle Allergic Girl's Guide to LifeThis past December I decided I wanted to make tamales. So on a cold, rainy and windy night my hubby drove me out to Mi Pueblo Food Center. We bought a 24 gallon tamale steamer, pan dulce and chiles for the tamales. This store is well stocked with fresh meats, veggies and canned items. They have a great bakery section (we've bought cakes and pan dulce here before). They also sell the most amazing corn bread.Customer service is friendly and the food/grocery selections are wonderful!Noelle's NotesA great place for almost every grocery need :)
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,6/1/2014,195,267,10,12,9>I really enjoy Tpumps concept of putting together your own drink & even having the option of mixing up to three flavors. I usually get the Honeydew Smoothie/Slush with Honeyboba. I love it, it's so HoneyDEWlicious! Perfect drink to have on a hot summer's day. Even though their parking policy is not the best & their layout is not too welcoming, I am still giving them 5 stars based on their drinks & friendly customer service. I love how they have one of the employees walk up & down the line to offer samples of their "Flavor of the day/hour" while you're waiting to place your order. Don't be intimidated by the long line out the door. It usually goes by fast anyways & it's worth the wait. You know damn well I'll definitely be back here! #BayAreaBobaQueen
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,5/31/2014,142,117,9,16,13>So far so great!  Kids had their first lesson and they love it here.  Brand new super clean venue.  Pools are nice and clean and the staff is super friendly.  Mr. Mitchell was their instructor today.  He was very attentive to both kids even though they are on different levels.  Matthew the Quality Director overlooked the lesson and explained the kids progress in detail.  Glad I bought a package deal at their introductory deal of 20% off.  Highly recommend!!!!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/30/2014,230,35,23,26,25>Over at the bar, look: It's a hangover cure... It's a nutritious breakfast...  It's a Bloody Mary!  In the endless reaches of the universe, there existed a bar known as Coach's, a bar that burned the midnight oil in the town of Campbell. There, the civilians were far advanced in consumption and it brought forth a race of "Hakuna Matatas," whose mental and physical powers were temporarily sidelined to reach the absolute peak of euphoria.  (FYI: That was a spectacular homage to the original Superman from 1941).  I have been enjoying brunch in the South Bay for a year now.  I'm writing this review to acknowledge and give tribute to the best bloody Mary I've had on the West Coast in the year I've been in NorCal.  Being from New Orleans, a hub for all things great and delectable, I've forged a sophisticated palate.  Coach's appeals to my sensibilities by adding fresh horseradish, Worcestershire sauce, celery salt, Tabasco and pepper to the basic bloody mary mix.  To top that greatness, each bloody mary runs you a crisp Abraham Lincoln.  To complement my bloody mary, I had a bacon, mushroom, avocado & cheddar burger with garlic fries and a side of cheez-whiz.  *Drool.  All that could have made this visit better would be the appearance of John Legend serenading me with candles flickering around me.  I'm hungry now, so I'm ending this review abruptly.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,5/29/2014,2665,2597,13,20,20>Chris is a freaking hair genius! I was actually somewhat referred to Chris because I did a shoot with a friend and he was the makeup artist. Chris did such a phenomenal job with my hair style, curling it where it would NEVER curl before and it staying for the entire day with just a few spritz of hair spray, that I decided to go back for a hair cut.I typically get a trim, and whenever I walk into an Asian salon, since I have ... Asian hair ... I'll tell them what I want and they listen, but then they just do whatever they feel is more appropriate. I guess that's the thing with Asian people :P they always think they know more about it than you do!I went to Chris and explicitly said I just wanted a trim, and layers, and shorten my bangs but keeping the same style and he basically worked magic. I came out with amazing, non frizzy, non split ends hair, that wasn't too short or much shorter than what I wanted before, AND he took the time to give me curls again but in a completely different style! AMAZEBALLS.Definitely pay him a visit for makeup or hair!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,5/28/2014,339,216,15,17,12>One word: BANGIN' VALUE! (Okay, two words. :P)I've been to this plaza many times for TK Noodle and Ten Ren, but I never noticed Sushi Kai (to the right of Ten Ren). I yelped "sashimi" today because I was craving it for lunch, and this place came up. Sooo glad we found a sushi alternative to Sen Dai for lunch, because this place is decent, a great value, and the wait is little to none. The menu, for lunch at least, is limited to a 1 page double-sided sheet but it includes: sashimi/chirashi bowls, udon, and bentos all of which were ~$10-13. I ordered the 2 item lunch bento for $9.90 and got: miso soup, salad, rice, chicken teriyaki, and 6 pieces of sashimi (tuna and salmon)...WHAT A DEAL!As we were walking out, we also noticed the "Daily Special" was displayed on a stool outside (LOL, I didn't notice it when first walking in and just assumed it was a Buddhist offering haha). Today's daily special was a chirashi bowl, a pork ramen bowl, and a salad for $9.90. The sushi wasn't the best I've ever had. But it's fresh and good enough and wayy better than AYCE sushi. The sushi chefs and servers here are also very quick and friendly. To be honest, I think the hardcore sushi connoisseurs will probably rate this place much lower. But I, on the other hand, am a fan of the price and location (close to work/home) so it's a 4/5 in my book. :) As with any other business in the plaza, the parking sucks during lunch. But at least Sushi Kai accepts credit card. I will definitely be coming back!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,5/27/2014,711,1302,7,11,11>Yet another fun Little Library! This little box had a great selection of mysteries, teen and women's literature. Most of the books were a little old compared to the LFL SJSU location. This coupled with the note reminding people to leave a book when they remove one leads me to believe it's a popular spot for avid readers. I love these Little Libraries!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,5/26/2014,285,153,19,20,19>We have disagreements in my house about what should or shouldn't be inside of a taco. The half of my ethnic heritage that is Mexican loves beans in just about everything, including tacos. My wife, who has not a shred of Mexican in her background generally doesn't eat beans if they're included on her plate as a side, and absolutely can't stand beans in a taco. How can you not eat beans if they're right in front of you?? Makes no sense. At any rate, the taquerias that I enjoy make their super tacos with huge slices of avocado, lots of gooey cheese and beans. Andale isn't one of those places. When we come to Andale, it is because I'm being a gentleman and letting my wife choose the dinner spot.When I come to Andale, I typically go for the burritos or the carnitas plate. It's hard to mess up a plate of meat served with beans and tortillas, so I generally stick to the basics. They have a decent little salsa bar and I find most of their saslas to be fresh and pretty potent in terms of heat. When I'm in the mood for a torta, they do a pretty decent Mexican sandwich. I've also tried and not been disappointed with the tofu tacos and veggie flautas when I'm not in a mood for meat. The margaritas are great and they mix them up for you while you wait in line. They also have a couple of beers on tap and a semi decent selection of wine by the glass.A lot of people have hangups about whatever their version of "authentic" may be in terms of Mexican food. Is the food at Andale authentic? Probably not. I like Taco Bell on occasion, so I'm not necessarily interested in authenticity. Give me a well made burrito and a pint of Negra Modelo and I'm generally a very happy man. On a nice day, the outdoor seating on the back patio is also a very nice touch. A lot of taquerias in my neighborhood may bring a more authentic feel, but sometimes that means obnoxiously loud Mexican music and a ton of dudes huddled around a TV watching soccer. You won't find that here. Silly you if you came to Los Gatos looking for an authentic Mexican experience.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,5/25/2014,276,176,12,17,13>I was very hesitant to write a review on Cha Cha because I didn't want anyone to know about my new secret uni heaven, but here it goes...Are they serious with the heap of uni sashimi they serve?  For $9.25?  It says four pieces on the menu but that's the best lie ever!  They practically serve the same amount that comes in those wooden trays, and it's cheaper!  I hope my review does not cause a shortage on uni now, because they ironically ran out today after I posted my tip last night, LOL...Their Chirashi also comes with a ridiculously generous amount of fish compared to other sushi bars.  Today, I tried the Al-Bap (fish roe over rice in hot pot), and although they were generous with the amount of fish roe, I think next time I'll prefer cold rice so that the eggs don't cook.  Lastly, their bento combinations are amazing.  So much food and variety in options for such a reasonable price.Oh, and who doesn't like complimentary spicy mussels?!There's generally a wait time during dinner... because this place is so damn good.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,5/24/2014,146,355,9,21,11>I'm not much of a shabu fan, it's hot pot all the way must be the Chinese in myself. But a couple of friends heard about the new opening of this location in the South Bay so we decided to stop by on a Sunday night to give it a try. He made reservations, though when we arrived at 7pm it didn't look like you needed it (but I do suggest it because then you have a reason to be seated first)-happy hour: 5-6pm get 15% off your entire bill-good for groups or small groups-18% added gratuity for groups of 6 or more-4 AYCE optionsMeat, assorted veggies, sauces, rice and ice cream (31)Meat, assorted veggies, sauces, rice, ice cream and unlimited drinks (42) Vegetarian (21)Vegetarian + unlimited drinks (32) (The unlimited drinks YES includes alcohol: asahi, sapporo, kirin, hot sake, soda)Doesn't include appetizer-3 broth options: traditional water, spicy miso, and ginger chicken (you can't spilt up the soup and get two like other places. It's a small pot, if you're at  bigger table you get two burners you can get two soups) I highly suggest getting the ginger chicken, it smells like ginger but doesn't burn like ginger. The chicken broth essence was all there and drink it just like a soup! So goooooood and they do refills on the soup as well. -3 meat options: American Kobe, Lamb and Kurobuta Pork The meat itself was extremely thinly sliced and you basically have to scrap it off the platter. But it was good quality, nice marbling and natural flavors. It didn't really soak up the flavors of the broth, but good thing AYCE comes with a sweet peanut miso dip and ponzo sauce. There's also minced garlic, mushed carrots and chopped green onions, sesame chili oil on the table. You can ask for soy sauce if you need to give it flavor! I highly suggest the beef it was amazing and there just wasn't enough portions to go around. Ended up ordering over 12 plates of just beef alone, amongst other things. -Each person gets an assorted vegetable plate which includes: 2 carrots, tofu cubes, udon noodles, spinach, napa cabbage, 1 giant mushroom, and enoki mushroom. You can order specific vegetables after you get your initial plates and the udon does a great job at absorbing all the flavors of the broth! I think it's a new location so service and the staff are still working their way around. Staff is extremely friendly especially Kathy! Despite the little hiccups, she provided excellent service and did her best to cater to our requests while juggling like 10 other tables at the same time. There will be a wait, but bring friends to enjoy the food with you and you won't notice the wait. Not sure if they strictly enforce the rule of 2 hours eating time because we probably exceeded it but staff are absolutely not pushy at all about that. There was also no mention about you have to finish all your food or you'll get charged for left overs, which I found a relief though I won't suggest or encourage to anybody to do so because its just not sustainable. Overall, service is getting there but the food is definitely great. The both is exceptional and you should get the ginger chicken! Good rotation between meats and vegetables and fresh ingredients. ICE CREAM WAS DELICIOUS! Green tea or red bean options, complementary as part of the AYCE package. I didn't come out smelling like nasty as I usually would after eating hot pot. The experience itself was pleasurable and I would bring friends back. I found the pricing to be more expensive because I've had the same quality with more options for cheaper at different shabu places, but for what and where it is and the quality, it's worth it. On a side note: there's lots of tv's, the bar seating has it's own burners, bathrooms, accepts cash and credit (tip cash!), comes with strainer on the table and supplies, clean inside, very spacious, doesn't smell like cleaning products. They do have a la carte if you wish but it's not worth it! Might as well go big while you're there!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,5/23/2014,1079,185,15,20,19>Love this grocery store!! Tons of things to look at and shop for. Anything from houseware items to makeup and of course yummy fresh made mochi =) Also in house freshly made ramen!!! So many good things all in one place! Parking can be horrible at certain times of the day so plan accordingly. The cashiers are super friendly and helpful. I had asked where I can find the green tea that has a brown rice aroma inside it and what its actually called....LOL! Given the proper isle number and a note that had the name on it helped a ton!!Will be back soon for more mochi and green tea kit kats!!!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,6/21/2013,1078,821,7,9,7>Made plan with my two favorite peeps to eat here and I enjoyed my meal to the point that I had to unbutton my pants. Yes, literally could not stuffed another roll in my mouth because the portion was huge!We ordered:- Super Dynamite Roll = huge rolls with spicy tuna, deep fried crab stick, unagi, jalapeño, and house sauce. Spicy tuna was good!- Crunch Hamachi Roll = orange sauce with spicy hamachi, shrimp tempura with cucumber. It tasted okay minus the bland stuffing.- Salmon Sashimi = tasted fresh but quite more expensive than most place.- Oh My God Roll = Shrimp Tempura, spicy tuna, lobster, jalapeño, baked, macadamia nuts, scallion, tobiko with special sauce. It was overwhelming tasty and it filled me up.- Fuji Roll = simple and easy to eat especially with avocado topping.- San Jose Roll = Cream Cheese, avocado, salmon, topped with salmon and deep fried tobiko.  All fatty and fried goodness!When the bill came, it was the expected amount plus a bonus 15% off for checking in using Yelp. What a great way to promote their business and for fellow yelper like us to take advantage. Overall, prompt service and great staff. Will be back if I am in the area.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/20/2013,74,11,10,20,11>Born and raised around Chicago, I've been anxiously waiting for Al's to open.  I just ate there for the grand opening and it was great.  The first bite was accompanied by Styx played overhead.  That's a coincidence though. The music selection was a general mix of songs. I had a combo wet and it tasted like home.  :)   I love food that fills me with nourishment and nostalgiaThe place is new and clean, and the staff was all smiles and working hard for the opening.  I'm definitely going to be a repeat customer.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,6/19/2013,605,417,7,11,10>Based on many favorable reviews I have read on Yelp, I chose to use GoPro for my recent move.  I have actually never paid to be moved, but considering I was on the 3rd floor and had dealt with the initial move in 3 years prior, I was not too eager to go up and down those stairs again.The process for obtaining an estimate was very easy and straightforward, and it pays to be as accurate as possible with the amount and types of things to be moved.  I provided these details and got a quote the next day.  All I had to do was put a deposit down to secure the timeslot, which in this case was noon on a Sunday.They sent a crew of 3 people who, once the truck was setup and the job reviewed, got straight to work.  They moved very quickly, but took their time wrapping up and padding furniture and other big ticket items.  It took about 2 1/2 hours to pack up the place entirely and only about an hour to unload and move everything into the new place.  This was actually less time than the original estimate, so money was saved.  Each member of the crew was very professional and friendly and I passed on the saved money to them as tip.There was nothing broken during the moving process, although some items had some minor dings.  Nothing to fret over, though.I would highly recommend GoPro for your moving needs.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,6/18/2013,80,204,4,8,6>I wore out my generic running shoes I got from Sports Authority from training...I decided to come in to Fitgeek to have my GAIT analysis.  Thank god I did...After running on the treadmill and having a camera capture my every stride, I found out I "over-pronate" and my old shoes were not doing anything to help correct that.I was shown several shoes that have the support I need to correct the over-pronation.  I was kinda picky and felt bad I tried on like 6 different pairs but Fitgeek was very patient with me.  They made sure I found the shoe I was happy with.  I decided to go with a pair of Brooks in red, but it wasn't in stock so they ordered it for me and it arrived in 3 days!  SOO HAPPY!Diana emailed me and kept me updated when the shoes came in.  Love that customer service.I wanna thank Fitgeek for helping me find the perfect shoes!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,6/17/2013,39,67,4,25,9>I think you'll enjoy the Sunnyvale Farmer's Market. After a couple months off, I had a chance to visit today. It's a happening place mid-morning on Saturdays!I was actually there to check out the non-certified portion of the market. Did you know that every Farmer's Market has two sections? There's a Certified Farmer's Market section (fresh fruit, veggies, meat and honey) and the Artisanal section (food, cooked items, soaps). The two are typically separated from one another (by law).The most important thing about this distinction is whether the vendor actually grows the ingredients himself. A beekeeper in the Certified Farmer's Market actually has his own hives. Whereas a honey seller in the Artisanal section can buy his honey from Costco and just add flavor/packaging. Not that he necessarily will - but be sure you know what you're buying!For anyone who is interested, here is a list of the types of Artisanal food booths I saw today: Kettlepop, H&H Fresh Fish, French Artisan Bakery, Bolani, Margaret's French Bakery, Artisanal Charcuterie, Awe-some Sauce (Vegan), a Cheese company, Crepes, Fresh Ceviche/Oysters, Oaxacan Cuisine, Baked Potatoes/Corn, Falafels, Indian Cuisine, 4 Season Rolls, Toofu (fresh tofu), Her Coconess Confections, Flourchylde Bakery, Esther's German Bakery and Acme Bread. Occasionally (in the morning), I've also seen Hawg's Clam Chowder - but they weren't there when I arrived at 11:30am today.I hope I got it all! Thought you might find it helpful to know what vendors are available.As it's the tail-end of winter, the produce was very citrus heavy. Lots of oranges, grapefruit and their brethren. But there were also some interesting stalls like micro-greens, free-range meat and even avocados.This is a nice Farmer's Market that's worth checking out. You can grab a coffee (like I did) or stop for lunch on Murphy St. If you live in the area, consider taking public transit to and from the market! Both Caltrain and multiple buses are available.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,6/16/2013,423,202,3,9,7>I've gone to The Table almost twice a month now, and I've consistently left full and happy.  Dinner is always a treat; though I've had the pork belly almost every time, it appears with the ever-changing seasonal ingredients, this dish seems a little different every time, which keeps it interesting (or maybe it's just my imagination).But let me just stress how AMAZING the breakfast is.  I've had breakfast at every place in Willow Glen, and believe me, the long wait for some places gets really old, really fast.  The Table is a little more expensive, of course, but I've been lucky enough to get a seat right away each time.The Benedict was really wonderful, with thick slices of Canadian bacon and ciabatta bread that held all of the yolk and hollandaise sauce for each savory bite.  However, the real star of breakfast at The Table is the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes with Huckleberries.  They're dense, but fluffy, zesty and sweet...I was in pure pancake heaven with these babies.  They're not the best choice for anyone who prefers a hearty/savory breakfast, but if you're okay with sweet, these are a MUST TRY.And as always, the service has always impressed me; on our second visit, a gentleman (who I assume is the owner or manager) recognized us and asked how we liked our meal, and thanked us personally for coming again.  The servers are cheery, which makes the food taste all the better.  We'll be back again!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,6/15/2013,289,187,6,7,6>I noticed that I tend to not review restaurants that I frequent often but Pizza Antica has continually pleased my tum tum for all these years. Hands down, best restaurant in Santana Row. My favorites?-Warm Brussel Sprouts salad : The leaves are separated and sauteed with caramelized onions, bacon, egg, and mini croutons. All the ingredients blend well and it's not salty, heaven! HURTS that it's seasonal!-Spaghettini with fennel sausage: I know, whats so great about ordering spaghetti? You gotta try it to see what I mean! One plus is that the tomato sauce isn't too acidic. Their crumbled sausage is meaty and packed with flavor.-Heirloom tomato pizza: I add prosciutto to my pizza and I think it compliments the white truffle oil splendidly. Their crust is always thin with a light crunch at the end.-Burrata: my all time favorite soft-ish cheese. I like to describe it as a creamy mozzarella. They serve it simply with salt and olive oil with a side of toasted bread. You can taste the quality when you eat it alone.-Flavored teas and drinks (i.e elderflower and blood orange): All their unique blends are refreshing and fun to drink.There hasn't been a dish that I haven't tried and liked at Pizza Antica. The only thing I can complain about is the wait (especially on weekends and sunny days). You can call and put your name down but it makes no difference unless you personally go there to check in. I will end this with a request for them to bring their old house Pinot Grigio back!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,6/14/2013,1114,1200,6,10,6>This new tapas bar reminds me of the Spain trip I look last Christmas. Menu is simple but food is authentic. Pintxo rivals some of the popular touristy restaurants in Barcelona. For a sparkling new spot that is barely 1 month old, I would say Donostia has tons of potential. Spanish food is a rare find in bay area. This might just be my favorite go-to spot for tapas. What did I love?desserts (bread pudding and 'brownie') were both divine. meillones rellenos (mussels frito)pimfentos rellenos (pepper stuffed with codfish)farrillfras en salsa (slow cooked beef cheeks)tortillas (omelette)I wish they could expand their menu in the future to include more hot pintxo. This is a fairly small restaurant so it might not be the best place to hang out in larger group. It's perfect for couples though.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,6/13/2013,214,215,9,6,8>Alright my fellow yelpers. I am someone who does not enjoy waking up early. I like sleep. Like a cat. I sleep like a cat. I sleep a LOT like a cat :)HOWEVER: I WOULD WAKE UP AT 5AM FOR THIS PLACE ANY DAYTheir fresh glazed warm doughnuts are a must-have and I no longer eat regular doughnuts now because of this place. I would say it is a gourmet doughnut, but really, it's like nectar of the gods. Try some, you'll melt.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/12/2013,151,213,8,12,11>Solaire I love you!  My faith is restored.  The staff hosted an amazing pool side "look see" for the corporate admin team from my company.  The kitchen served up great farm to table appetizers, drinks, and petit treats for us to nosh on while touring their impeccable board rooms and conference spaces.  The food was impressive at last!  Tuna tartar, grilled shrimp steak and chicken skewers, fresh spring rolls, and some amazing sweet cheese bruschetta with fig were all delicious and presented nicely. Relaxing pool side on a Thursday afternoon in a cabana is a mid week treat that I can get down with!  I'm excited to make this my summertime hang spot.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,11/3/2010,339,173,23,27,21>One of my all time guilty pleasures is Spam Musubi, which I could eat every day. My friend Kris was telling me about this place that makes Spam Katsu Musubi (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b). Omfg, my mouth begun to salivate upon hearing those magical words and instantly I knew I had to try this wonderfully delicious sounding masterpiece.Did it live up to the hype? Oh yes!!! Breaded Spam Musubi, you've never tasted soOooo good! I'm not sure if I can ever go back that "Regular" Spam Musubi. In fact, as I type out this review I am craving for more delicious Spam Katsu Musubi. Don't worry because we will be reunited again very shortly.Summary (5 Stars): I got three words for you - Spam Katsu Musubi.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,11/2/2010,198,447,9,11,12>After walking around downtown SJ with the kids and looking at some arts & crafts being sold at the Jazz festival we decided to have lunch at Gordon Biersh since all the other restaurants downtown seemed to be closed for unknown reasons.My husband wanted to sit outside but the kids were hungry and they wouldn't have lasted 30 mins for outdoor seating. We opted to sit inside and the wait was only 5 mins. We were seated and provided our menus. Our waitress was nice and friendly. We ordered our drinks first and looked over the menu while we waited. After our drinks arrived my husband ordered:- Brewer's Feast (kobe beef sliders, garlic fries, southwest egg rolls & hummus with garlic crostini)- Half Baked Turkey & Swiss sandwich with side of salad- Mac & Cheese with fries for our daughter- Chicken fingers with fries for our oldest- Corn dog with fruitEverything tasted really good especially my salad and garlic fries. Service was good and food was expensive. $9 for a cocktail? That's pretty steep but I'd come back just not often. I don't want to break the bank :P
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,11/1/2010,655,394,8,7,8>with a giant tick** sucking my brains out at 2am on a friday night, the only thing my brain could process was two words:dough and nuts.oh sh*t doughnuts?!with mariannes ice cream?mind as well serve fresh brains on the side because i'm loving this.for less than a dollah, you get this giant hunk of fried flour topped with ooey gooey chocolate glazed wholesome fattiness!"i'll take two please!"and that walk back to the mission and bay bus stop became so much better. tolerable. i wasn't afraid of anything. i'm eating donuts while this stuffed tick** is eating my head for goodness sakes.**note**-if anyone's played/seen/know what the video game Half-Life 2 is, those brain sucker guys?? yeah. i have a hat where it looks like one of them brain suckers is eating the innards of your skull. delicious. just like these donuts. :]
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/6/2010,10/31/2010,1019,787,8,12,8>Don't come here if you're craving sushi because they don't have any. What they do have is a menu that has a lot of variety. Everything is pretty cheap. The appetizers actually come out a lot smaller than the pictures show but what can you do? The best bank for your buck? The bento boxes. Pretty damn cheap when you take into consideration that salad, soup, rice and California rolls are included in the bento already. We ordered the bento boxes as well as the seaweed salad and dynamite appetizer. The bentos had a lot of food in it, the appetizers did not. Both were good and cheap. Plus we used a restaurant.com coupon and you only need to spend $35 to use to the $25 gift certificate. Pretty big win if you ask me.Not a bad restaurant but it's not a place I'd rush back to eat at, even if the prices are pretty cheap.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,10/30/2010,967,1207,17,17,15>Underground means BROTHERS!andGreen side means GO!Though the trappings of past fondue functionality remains, the decor better fits the Brazilian steak the location now serves. And then there's the two sided puck. Remember, I can't stress this enough... GREEN=GO! That's all you really need to know here to keep grilled perfection served to you very plate. Keep that puck on the table on it's green side and you'll be golden. Yes, it's smaller servings, but lots of servings. So keep that in mind when you might think you may want more. BTW - ATTNdont bring a $4 bottle of wine to a place that charges $10 corkage;P
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,10/29/2010,176,370,15,10,10>I happened to be leaving after I finished my meal as Jason "Mayhem" Miller was approaching the entrance.  If you are not familiar with who he is, he is the host of an MTV show called "Bully Beatdown" and he was an MMA fighter.  He randomly commented on my friend's colored hair [kindered spirits, for having crazy colored hair I guess...] and we struck up a conversation.  Then he went on to shout at the top of his lungs how much he LOVED the Boiling Crab, and since he loved the one in SoCal, he HAD to come to the one in SJ... Lucky for us, we snagged a photo before he was called in to eat with his beefy-tough-guy cohorts, and off we went....LET'S START AT THE BEGINNING THOUGH, SHALL WE?Ah, yes... the Boiling Crab...  Where else can you suck on some head by the pound?  SHRIMP heads, I mean... haha.The food is fresh, and I'm a total sucker for their raw oysters.  I got a pound of 'garlic butter/mild' shrimp and the dozen oysters w/ a raspberry iced tea.  The shrimp consumption takes some getting used to...First of all, you are forced to don a plastic bib that makes you look like a complete JACK-ASS while eating... not to mention the fact that you'll eventually be elbow deep in butter, as you forage through your bag trying to dig out the last morsel of food like a starved animal.  I have a friend that loved going on dates here w/ her bf, and honestly, I don't know how she could do it.  Her bf must be in love with UGLY if he can sit through a meal w/ his significant other as she inhales what she has managed to peel...I, personally, do not like working hard for my food.  I hate peeling shrimp, don't mind eating it if it was peeled by someone else.  I don't peel my shrimp to look pretty, nor am I efficient at it.  To keep w/ the MMA theme, I guess the closest thing to describe my attempt at peeling shrimp would be the "Ground-and-Pound" - simply because I can't stand getting at the tiny bits of flavored flesh when the skins are so difficult to dispose of...  There is a fun social aspect to eating it w/ a group of friends, making a mess and seeing each other get down and dirty... definitely NOT an every day thing for me, although $9.99/lb is really cheap.  Our friend was impressed we went through the "mild" flavoring, and said it made him break out into a sweat - but I tasted close to NO spiciness at all.  Next time, I'm gonna do as Emeril says, and, "Kick it up a notch..."  [Perhaps, in Jason "Mayhem's" case, some fancy Muay Thai or kickboxing kick?] - I like it HOT...Service could be a TAD better, but these kids look young, and they could care less - so I'm grateful we get the service given as is.  It's not bad service, they just forget a few things here and there... but easily remedied with a gentle reminder.Atmosphere: loud music like I am at a club.  Kinda' weird when I'm sucking on a shrimp head to hear the latest from Jay Z, but I guess it works for the crowd it caters to.  TV's all around, tuned to your favorite sporting event.  Vandalism is apparent everywhere, and encouraged: I bring my Sharpie every chance I get to write something on some surface there... it takes restraint and all of my discipline to not draw happy penises all over the place with that kind of freedom.  That's how much I love you for your oysters, Boiling Crab...I've never had to wait going there, since I don't go during peak hours... and I'm def. going to try the crab - if they EVER get any in.  Seems each time I've been there, they've been sold OUT - boo.Honestly, it's decent food, and a place where you can joke around about sucking on some head - a pound's worth... and then run into Jason "Mayhem" Miller to further rejoice together about how much you love this place.  *sigh*  You BETTER love it... or you might end up on Bully Beatdown.  o_o
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2010,10/28/2010,169,661,6,9,6>It's been three years since we've been going to Gunther's and I have been a little hesitant to update my review.  Why?  It's my secret, favorite Saturday breakfast place and didn't want to let the cat out of the bag.  However, it seems that it was time for me to let my love pour out for Gunther and his creations. First off the FOOD:Some of my breakfast favorites include (in no particular order):- French toast:  a full order of these are three huge slices of sourdough soaked in a vanilla batter and grilled.  So good, and arguably some of the best French toast ever. - Breakfast sandwich:  I always get mine with an over medium egg with sausage and provolone on buttered wheat toast.  A little "goopy" but still great-  Corned beef hash:  They aren't messing around here, kids.  This isn't the corned beef from a can (that I grew up with , thank you very much) but some REAL corned beef, sauteed with some onions and with eggs however you want.  -  Pancakes:  These are no pancake house, whimpy pancakes.  They are easily nearly a half an inch thick and will fill you upNow, breakfast is what I've usually gone for, but have tried some of their lunch items, as well:-  Reuben:  Gunther's isn't messing around with this sandwich, and EXTREMELY generous with the corned beef, and sauerkraut.  It's a masterpiece. -  Matzo ball soup:  This is comfort food at its best, especially when you're sick.  The broth in this soup this makes you feel better the minute that it touches your lips. PRICINGFor a breakfast of two, the pricing is competitive with other places in the area.  Generally, a breakfast for two with coffee ends up to be ~$20-25.   The portion sizes are HUGE, though, and they really get you your money's worth when you are there.  You will NOT walk out of there hungry.  This is the real deal, folks.  This is a family run place, and you will actually see Gunther working here and numerous members of his family working both in the kitchen and throughout the restaurant.  They are all awesome people and really take care of their customers.  Gunther's has become our Saturday go-to place and I feel a little off when we aren't able to have some of their tasty creations on a Saturday.   Great place, great food, great service.  What more could you want?
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,10/27/2010,169,535,7,10,10>What you say!?  A brand new BB, in Capitola?  You mean...*gasp* ...I don't have to drive all the way to seabright anymore to satisfy that deep burger craving lurking in my belly?  I've seriously driven by this site for the last 6 months waiting for opening day to come.  That day was yesterday.Dropped in tonight with the NYW.  This is no small feat considering my preemie infant daughter has been home from the NICU less than a week.  Their second night open in the Better. Stronger. Faster.  Capitola location.  The joint was PACKED!  So packed in fact, that it took almost 45 minutes to get our dinner.  As it turned out we met lots of cool folks seated next to us, so the time went by quickly.  The food was as good, if not better than Seabright Betty.  My "gobbler" turkey burger was juicer and not as dry as usual, major bonus.  Then again, it could have been my delusions of grandeur after waiting so long for my food.Amidst the owner scrambling to make peace with the less patient patrons, I overhead her talking about how they've split their experienced staff at both locations, so the newbies were obviously still figuring things out.  With a crowd like tonight's, I'd have expected a long wait for my burger anyhow.  Add the new staff and, well just gotta be forgiving.  Give them a week or so and they'll find their rhythm.  I left a star out because there's always room for improvement.The new patio area was lacking in light and heat sources.  Fine right now with daylight savings time and warm weather, but definitely could use some sprucing up.Despite all of this, I think this is a MUCH nicer BB than Seabright.  Roomier, comfier, easier to get in and out, better seating options, and of course, walking distance from my new home!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,10/26/2010,451,735,10,10,8>I want to shake hands with the owners.Mi Pueblo's are poppin up everywhere! Just like Starbucks, you will have tacos and tortillas available to you at just about any time!! I came in here for the first time with a friend for some take out at the food court. Yes, there is a food court INSIDE the grocery store. It's a mecca of specialized food departments in here! Meat, seafood, more meat, bakery, cheese, more meat. I ordered a Torta de carnitas and 2 Al Pastor Tacos. After telling the cooks how hungry I was in Spanish, I walked out with about 2 pounds of food for one little person. (work it if you speak it!) :PQue Rico! I am impressed. I feel silly for not listening to my gf when she raved about the store. It's worth it to stop in- even if you don't buy anything!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2009,10/25/2010,1806,1048,10,16,12>I took advantage of the Mizu special and printed out the complimentary tempura plate that came with an entree!  This place is a great alternative to the nearby Santana Row restaurants. I came here for the first time for my friend's birthday dinner and it was packed!  The staff there is very friendly and accomodatting.  Our waiter was nice enough to give me the complimentary tempuras that I printed out even though the sushi rolls were not considered as entrees.  I ordered the unagi lover roll which was delicious.  I am a big fan of unagi.  It came with cream cheese and spicy sauce covered teh rolls.  The presentation of the sushi rolls were great.. too bad they waste so much of the expensive orchids.. I wonder if they re-use it :P gross!  On the side, I also shared a chicken katsu plate.  static.px.yelp.com/bphot  The chicken was pretty good.  I felt like it might of been TOO cooked.  It was a good size to share and not too oily!  I also got to try other miscellaneous rolls such as the extreme tempura roll and spicy tuna salad.  The spicy tuna salad was spicy but delicious!Sake bombs were in place for the birthday girl!  Small sake $4, Large $7. Not bad at all!!  Because of these cheap prices, my friend and i took advantage of it before heading to Santana Row since drinks there were around $12 each!  Yes being the cheap asian we were that night, we decided to order 2 more large hot sake.  Since they ran out, they gave us a total of 5 small sakes instead.. That was way more than what we ordered!  The hot sake itself was good itself.. but of course the Asahi beer was in place to chug!  Good buzz it was.Funny part of the night was that they had 2 large birthday parties.  We took turns sake bombing and trying to be the loudest back and forth that the manager had to tell us to calm down!  I mean what else do you get with 2 large asian groups?  Battle baby! ----------------------2nd time trying Mizu was Last FridayService was prompt with complimentary miso soup.  We ordered way too much but it was good.1. Sweet fried potatoes appetizer: static.px.yelp.com/bphot yummy.. who complains about sweet potatoes even though you can get them everywhere?2. honeymoon special seared salmon wrapped around spicy scallops.. static.px.yelp.com/bphot   I don't think this was too good.. they tried to flame the bottom of the plate with the orange slices to give it a smokey taste.3. dragon roll: static.px.yelp.com/bphot  it was average not as tasty as unagi lover and summer sun roll... spicy tuna has such a distinct spicy flavor.. i love it.4. red bean and green tea ice cream: static.px.yelp.com/bphot  good amount.. 2 scoops with waffle crackers as decor.  small selection on desserts though.  5. fried california roll: no orchid provided.. your standard roll but satisfying
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,1/14/2009,70,59,14,12,11>Finding a good mechanic is equivalent to finding a soulmate. I may not marry them, but they'll definitely be stuck with me for a VERY long time. Usually only having to deal with me when I'm bitching about something. The irony is almost to much to handle. They took me on a walk-in basis. No fuss, no muss. The didn't try and sell me extra services or' talk slow and use little words cause I was a female in an auto shop. As a matter of fact, there were niceties and pleasant small talk. I left in a better mood than I arrived in. Wow. I can't even say that about my nail salon. Go here. Be nice or I'll beat you up for being mean to my husb... er, mechanic. BTW - they don't do two wheelers. Sorry squids.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2008,1/13/2009,3171,1316,24,25,25>My favorite bun bo hue joint. Period.Sure, it's divey, small, but oh so worth it. My friend and I would share the banh beo and banh ram it (love the name) for appetizers before immersing ourselves in the bun bo hue. It's so damn good.The broth tastes perfect, not oily, and not too sweet or salty. It's authentic old school with a generous portion of pork shoulder attached to bone and skin. Yes!There is a reason why this place has been around for many, many years.-1 one star for the fugly decor. It needs a makeover, but don't raise the prices, please.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2008,1/12/2009,169,661,9,10,10>In honor of "limang daan" (Tagalog), "quinientos" (Spanish), "nam tram" (Vietnamese), "lima ratus" (Indonesian), number five hundred I choose Gamba Karaoke. Why?  Cause I like to sing--and I'm a self-admitted nerd!Warning, slight random religious trivia coming ... In honor of the holidays, a group of my friends from church decided to celebrate Gaudete Sunday (or in our case Saturday)--the third Sunday of Advent when the pink candle is lit, and well, we rejoice that Christmas is almost here, and what a perfect way to be with friends to gather after a meal, exchange some gifts and sing for two hours!I made reservations for us a few days in advance for our group of twelve.  When we got in, we were ushered into room number 2 which had two couches, and a bench with cushions on it, the sound system, hardware for karaoke, and when we were settled in, our microphones and controls for the machines were brought-in, and we were off. Through the evening, we sang some classic Jon Bon Jovi songs, a few show tunes, 80s classics, Jill Scott, Jason Mraz, and gamut of others.  It was pure entertainment for everyone!Of note is that they do not serve alcohol, but do serve some Asian canned teas and the like.  There is a sign that says you CAN bring in outside drinks and the like; which is definitely nice. The best part of the evening was when we packed up and closed out our tab.  For two hours in a private room, it came to a grand total of, drum roll please, $70 for the two hours.  That's right, you read it right.  To entertain a group of late twenty and early thirty-somethings, it was under $6 a head.  Freaking cheap if you ask me cause I had a damn good time!Definitely worth a try if you have a group of singers that want to get together for some good times. Now, to find that perfect karaoke song, er, songs, for next time!Only complaint is that the ventilation in the room is a little poor, so it would be nice if they purchased something to circulate the air, or something, cause it was kinda dank after a little bit!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,1/11/2009,342,498,22,24,21>Mmm, fish taco food coma.Dia de Pesca is like pretty much a taco truck on cinderblocks. They're known for their seafood.FYI, the average eater can eat about 2 tacos- they are pretty filling. Each taco is made using 2 soft tortillas.  The tacos come fully loaded and make spill out so use a fork to eat the droppings. The tacos may come with pico de gallo and there is also a selection of hot sauces on the tables (tapatio, red habanero, green habanero, and a tangy one). Seafood tacos come with grilled bell peppers and onions which is kind of funky so I order without.The tilapia is pretty good. My favorite is the breaded halibut, makes a nice crunch and quite yummy. Carne asada is good too and its in nice little chunks. If you order multiple tacos/items including tilapia, eat the tilapia first or you can't really savor the flavor. The carne asada nachos are really good and a huge portion.You can get it to go, or eat at a table in the patio, or eat at a table inside the building. There are restrooms around the back of the building and there is an ATM inside the building.CASH ONLY!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2008,1/10/2009,176,249,21,17,14>At times when I get that battered washed-out-relic-from-the-Hippie-days feeling, which is perfectly appropriate in my case being as I am less than 12 months away from 60, here is one place I can go where it don't feel too out of place... that feeling. I can schlep in, settle onto a bar stool, order a cheap drink... and karaoke to a little working man's Joe Cocker, or Ray Charles, or Doors, and not feel quaint.. this is the perfect spot to do that.. It's the perfect music for this place.. and lots of fellow relics.. and also lots of younger folk who are just sort of into wallowing in some of that ol' battered-blue-collar-washed-out-Hippie-day-relic feeling, do just that. And it's never too crowded here or never too empty.. certainly never too Hoitee-Toitee.  Sometimes dancers from the Pink Poodle across the street drop in after their shift.. which manages to stimulate the libidos of us relics as much as stimulation is still possible.This is also where, a few years ago, I received my most impolite, ethnically-offensive compliment to date.. after my usual killer-rendition of La Bamba..  .."Man, for a Chinaman, you sing those Mexican songs real good.." enthused a Mexican to my face.. but he was so sincere in saying it, I was not offended at all.. And really, other than the hostility and derisiveness with which it is sometimes uttered, is there anything *inherently* offensive about the term "Chinaman?" I mean the *Chinese* word for Chinese is "Zhong Guo ren," which literally translates as "Zhong Guo"  = China and "ren" = man (you know.. "Chinaman") so what's the big deal? Besides I think being called "Chinaman" has a certain panache that being called "Chinese-American" lacks.. But as usual I digress.Karaoke here Wednesday thru Saturday...
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2008,1/9/2009,155,211,12,17,14>This place has the best self-serve tart yogurt! For sure one of my faves!Needing to kill some time in Cupertino, I came here.My GPS led me to what I thought was the apartment complex's parking lot, but it actually was the parking for this place and the other shops next door like LeBoulanger.  (They also have parking available reserved for this place in that business-area-looking parking lot close by)The girls in there were friendly and the service was great. I was the first customer of the day since I got there just a little after they opened (10am) and the only one at the time, but it looks like the service is consistently good. I also like how the interior was decorated.I tried most of the tart flavors and the ones I liked the best were original and lychee. Mmmm! Raspberry was pretty good too (it even had seeds in it!). Acai and pomegranate were interesting to taste, but personally I wouldn't get it. Honeydew was sickly sweet, so beware, but some people may like it. The yogurt is a nice blend of creamy, slightly icy and tart and the fruit toppings were ripe and fresh. The cups are HUGE though, its diameter is bigger than the height of my voyager phone!It's more expensive than Yogurtland, but those 8 extra cents per ounce  are so worth it! And the line doesn't have the waiting-in-line-at-Disneyland feel.Pssst... There's also a 10% discount if you show your student ID!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,1/8/2009,534,573,13,20,19>I thought that I wouldn't be able to find good BBQ outside of Texas.Boy, I was wrong...Really wrong...Yummy ribs - the meat fell off the bone. Tri-tip cooked perfectly, moist and tender. Generous sides of coleslaw, potato salad, baked beans and garlic bread. They also have a good variety of IPA beers. Service was excellent - attentive and very friendly. You can pre-order and they'll have your order ready for you when you arrive or pick it up at the take-out window.They ocassionally run out of certain types of meat - so order early in the day.We don't often journey down to Morgan Hill - but we'll definitely be back when we're in the area or even make a special trip just to have more great Q!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2008,1/6/2009,320,120,17,21,18>I can't even recall how many times  I've forgiven guys over the years because they've gotten me an Aki's cake to make up for something dumb they've done.I know, I know... I'm easy like that. ...the Guava cake is the most amazing cake I've ever had. Its so light, fluffy and not overly sweet. I can eat the whole cake in one sitting. They make only a set number of cakes each day and will close early when they sell out. the great thing is you can call and put one on hold before you come in. I just went there today and found out that you can pre order cupcakes as well.  they will make you the guava ($2.50 each), chocolate or vanilla  ($1.75) cupcake style!!I am dissapointed at how much the price of the guava cakes have increased . They used to be $14.99 and now they are $23.99. That's a massive increase. However, due to the taste, I'm still willing to pay for it.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2008,1/5/2009,75,214,13,14,11>Is it worth the hassle at the HoF?Well the food's tasty, but it's mostly filler.  An $8.99 beef kabob plate comes with four pita halves, plus sides of rice, salad, and hummus... but just eight cubes of meat (on two skewers).  Peep the photo.yelp.com/biz_photos/8E_vThe kabob plate was all right, but the meat was overcooked.  Not inedible, but past well-done (which is already over-done).It's enough food if you add a fountain drink ($1.25) and refill once or twice, but that puts it over 11 bucks for a minimal-meat, minimal-service meal.  It's pretty much self-serve other than the staff bringing out your food.  Utensils aren't even brought out.  (Maybe eating with bare hands is reasonable with some food items, but rice??  I lack the necessary skills.)  The trash can near the door encourages customers to bus their own tables.  Doesn't stop House of Falafel from featuring a tip jar.There's seating for about 28 inside, though it's pretty cramped.  People sitting back-to-back, little space between tables.  There's a couple more tables outside.I'm willing to come by with friends occasionally as a change of pace... but nine times out of ten, I'd sooner use the $11 to get a bucket of chicken from the Colonel.  Say what you will about KFC, but at least I know I'm getting a lot of delicious, greasy meat there.Seriously though, go to [edited:] Agape Grill Sunnyvale instead.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,1/4/2009,393,333,15,21,19>Good old finger lickin' fried chicken...I went into this place skeptical...How can this Korean restaurant out do the Colonel? No way. Original recipe cannot be stopped. --False.-- 99 Chicken gives Colonel Sanders (and Popeye) a good run for their money, and here's why:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~1.) **The sauce.** It's  refreshing to  have  friedchicken with some supplement OTHER THAN grease. MmMm so tasty!2.) **The price.** Really? A sit in restaurant for3 people who  can  leave  stuffed  at  under  20 bucks? That's almost as unfathomable as the drop in gas prices right now...3.) **The free stuff!!** Yes, double take that lineright there--free stuff. Complementary  parts  of meals = so hot right now. Free salad bar  (with sweet  home  dressing),  broccoli/corn/carrots, and free rice. I was blown away.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Extra kudos to the very kind service. I have been to some rude establishments off the  El Camino, but these people are extremely friendly. We even got some chicken on the house. I almost overdosed on the amount of free stuff we were getting...OH YEAH. And they believe in the eat great even late....SOOO hard to find decent late night Asian food restaurant. If I dug this completely sober, I  would probably die from euphoria if I hit this place up after the Korean Karaoke studios a block away...
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,2/10/2014,436,200,8,16,14>This place falls nothing short of perfect! Completely in love wish DishDash!!I've been here a few times, and each visit has been great. Service is ALWAYS top notch and their food is just out of this world delicious.What I've tried:AppetizerMediterranean Maza - Comes with some eggplant dip, hummus, pita bread, falafel balls, cucumber garlic yogurt dip, and a few other things I forget... but basically it's a little bit of everything off the appetizer menu. You can choose to get it for two, four or six people. I suggest just getting half the number of people you're with because their entrees are HUGE. Everything about this appetizer is PERFECT.  Mouthwatering I tell ya. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. It's a must!Entree M'shakaleh (Layers of mushrooms, grilled eggplant, cauliflower, tomatoes, and rice, served with a yogurt-tomato sauce) - I got this without the yogurt sauce to make it vegan  and it was still so freakin' delicious. They give a generous amounts of rice, sauce and all the veggies. Everything is just bursting with flavor. I can never finish this dish in one sitting. My friends who are not vegan got this dish as well, but added chicken to it and they absolutely LOVED it. Highly recommend as well.Best to make reservation ahead of time because this place is ALWAYS busy. Park at the lot across the street where the mall is and walk over.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,2/9/2014,739,432,19,24,23>As of this week, my wife and I are officially homeowners! Susanna Wong was our buyer's agent and she did a FANTASTIC job throughout the entire process.From the moment we first spoke to her on the phone, Susanna was courteous and helpful. Going through the disclosures for the house was a breeze because she had done her reading. She showed us prices on comparable properties to help us decide how much to offer. She helped us create a strong offer (not just in price), and though there were numerous offers on the house and ours was the second-highest price-wise, overall ours was the most attractive offer.Her helpfulness did not stop there. After our offer was accepted, she did a walkthrough of the house with us and pointed out all the things that should be repaired. She gave us a rundown of the dates by which several things had to be done- everything from getting an insurance quote to putting down the down payment to transferring utility service. Her relationships with mortgage agents helped expedite our loan application. We got the final approval ahead of schedule, between the holidays when work usually slows down! And even when it came time to sign escrow papers, she fought to make sure that non-applicable fees would get removed from our closing costs.For an agent who knows the market, gets things done and truly cares about the buyer, Susanna is it. I recommend her wholeheartedly for anybody looking to buy a house.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,2/8/2014,339,173,17,25,23>I highly recommend Randy, as he helped me with the purchase of my first home. His expertise made my first home buying experience quite pleasant. Randy presented a  road map on how the whole process would go and what to expect.  One of his strongest traits is his patience, and how Randy takes his time to fully explain the real estate business for you.  He also goes out of his way to make sure you're comfortable with everything and doesn't pressure you with any decision. In fact, he helped educate me about the current housing market and presented me with numerous options to help achieve my goal. Randy's knowledge and expertise is second to none.During the whole time,  Randy was quite professional and always on time anytime we set a meeting. Even when it came time to sign my closing documents, he was there with me and helped explained what I was signing and answered any questions I had. It's very reassuring to know that he really is a person you can trust.Summary: I appreciate Randy's patience and guidance during the whole process. I have come to respect Randy for his dedication, integrity, professionalism, and knowledge in his field. Randy has been there at every step of the way and he is still there to offer any advice or questions I still months after the close of my house.  Thank you Randy for making my dream come true! :)
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/7/2014,1596,841,20,21,19>Okay. I have decided that Jacob and I are going to grow old together...Wait, that sounded really creepy! Let me try again.I have been following Jacob around for quite a while! Oh wait. That also sounds really creepy! =\Well...anyway, it's true. I first met him when he was working at Umbrella Salon on a day where I had pretty much given up on my hair looking presentable ever again. He fixed me right up and I now fondly refer to him as my hair savior. From my understanding, Bedlam Beauty and Barber is still the same crew as Loft A2, but they changed their name as they expanded and moved to a new location. On my first visit there, I parked in the Pavillion Garage (they validate for 2 hours!) got out of the elevator, walked out of the doors to the garage, and promptly walked right past the salon. Confusion ensued and I had to call them and play Marco Polo before I found myself standing at the entrance. Heh. The salon is nice and roomy! Jacob has an assistant now and she was friendly and washed my hair. The extra long scalp massage was greatly appreciated. I communicated my needs with Jacob and as usual he did a wonderful job with my hair. It's only been a few days and I'm not having that awkward transition period where I am adjusting to how my hair looks different. I am pleased and if you go with Jacob, I guarantee that you will be too!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,2/6/2014,108,214,15,16,15>The BEST cupcakes in the south bay HANDS DOWN! I dare you to try anything else and tell me that these are not the best. You will find Fairycakes at most Moveable Feasts or you can order them from their website (fairycakes.us). Their logo is adorable and the truck is so cute. Every time I have been to the truck I am greeted with a smile and some superior customer service. If you are not sure what kind to taste, they will help you and are super patient for those indecisive type (me). Now lets get to the cakes.... First of all if you go and do not try the Salted Caramel, slap yourself. I believe this cake to be their signature cake and the best part about it is that you can choose either chocolate or vanilla cake. Now I am not a big chocolate fan, but this cupcake was a complete game changer for me. The salted caramel is just ridiculous. Other favorites: Lemon Drop (lemony goodness, tart), PB&J (exactly what it sounds like, the peanut butter frosting is too die), Raspberry Zinger (tart, oozing with jelly, coconut goodness), Mocha Madness (for the coffee lovers, this is a must try), Tiramisu (newer cupcake the espresso butter cream is stupid good. Those are just my favorite but I have not tried one that I didn't like. Cupcakes are reasonably priced ($3) and come in mini's ($1.50) as well which I will be ordering for a bridal shower.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,2/5/2014,777,314,30,25,21>Not sure why this place is called a "Speakeasy" because speaking was not easy.  Although not quite as loud as a club, the music is not quite attenuated either.  As the night got later, the amount of people increased as well, which added to the ambient noise to a level at which you either have to shout or talk right into someone's ear.  Since the place is at the corner of S First and Post, the place is shaped like an L with tables along the outside edges and plenty of walking room in between.  There are also short cocktail tables and stools towards the back where you can kick it with about 6 friends per setting.  Restrooms are limited to 1 person each unless you are a girl who always go in pairs anyways.  Service was perfect.  We had Daria, the beautiful and Cheery tatted up sweetheart who provided the perfect amount of service.  Drinks are strong so you definitely get your money's worth.  I had to let that cue ball sized ice melt a little to dilute that lighter fluid in my Old Fashioned before I fell over on my chair.  If you ask your hostess for validation, you won't have to cough up that $5 or $7 for the nearby parking garage.  Spend that on another drink instead!  Another advice:  Bring some women with you because the ratio was about 12 guys to 1 girl there.  But then again which place isn't?  This is Man Jose!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,2/4/2014,284,184,9,14,13>How have I not reviewed this place yet???I've been going to Becky for maybe 10 years......time just flys!  I would absolutely recommend her to anybody.  She's has always been super accommodating and  really works with me when I need to make last minute schedule changes, despite her busy schedule. She's a expert in color and gives a great hair cut! She keeps up to date on the latest styles and products.  Overall fabulous!!!!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,2/3/2014,144,305,11,12,11>I will definitely be back. I feel like this is chipotle:burrito as pieology:pizza. The menu is very simple and if you kustomize, toppings are endless. It's a great place for the creative mind or for the indecisive. No extra charge if you want more than one meat...they'll just give you more or less..MAKES SENSE TO ME! My pizza was slathered with herb butter and red sauce. It was a good combination, but I couldn't really taste the herb butter flavor. They added a heaping amount of mozarella yummmmm. I added bacon and ham plus all the veggies. I would get basil on half of my pizza next time because the flavor is rather bold. Jalapenos are a must. Post-bake sauces are great. If you're afraid it'll take away the flavor of your toppings, tell them to give it just a drizzle. Pesto was delicious, roasted red peppers are decent but not preferred for me, olive oil is what it is, and red sauce just gives it a more marinara-ey flavor. I was impressed that the pizza took roundabout 5-7 minutes to bake. This is a great concept and I see why it has received positive reviews. Next time I am going to try ALL the cheese, meats, and veggies. It's gonna be loaded. Woot woot!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,2/2/2014,396,240,11,13,12>I've always hated running. Maybe it's because I could barely run an 10 minute mile in middle school, which equated to a B aka an Asian fail. T.T  Or maybe it's because I tried to use running as a form of weight loss/fitness with the treadmill. Boring!!! I was scarred and going about runs all wrong, but I've seen the light...The Turkey Trot 5K to be exact - benefiting great non-profit organizations around the bay and getting yo fitness on right before stuffing yourself silly with food..win, win! What I enjoyed most was the camaraderie, the super cute kids running with their parents, the encouragement from the volunteers and spectators, and seeing/crossing the sweet, sweet finish line. Now, this wasn't easy for me. I probably should have run at least a mile or two to prepare myself, but didn't... Almost vomited when I finally crossed the finish line. I am so glad that I was able to hold it down! There were some things that weren't so enjoyable about the race: People who shoved their way past others. RUDE!! People who stopped running out of nowhere - I didn't know this would be a obstacle course! There was no designated walking area specified.. well, not that I was aware of at least, but when I did walk I tried to do so to the far left or far right of the course. My friend and I decided to go with paid parking a little farther away to avoid traffic. Great call. It was only $6 bucks and we saved ourselves a headache. Overall, great experience. I am definitely considering running again next year.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/1/2014,878,405,12,21,18>I've been to other veterinarians in the past and they never gave me the service, knowledge, and empathy Dr. Tama and staff provides.  Our Min Pin, Zeus, was crying and panting one night, especially when we touched his head (closer to the ears).  It was known that something was hurting him, and we couldn't figure it out.  We searched for Vets in the area and stumbled across Dr. Tama.  Upon arrival, I was amazed at how fast Zeus warmed up to Dr. Tama.  During examination, Dr. Tama gave us some possible causes to the symptoms Zeus had,  and listed out what procedures were to be done with the possibilities.  He even noted the cost per procedure and also gave us options on treatment.  It sounds pretty routine, but Dr. Tama explained and articulated everything so well, very clear.  Like he wrote the book on Dog's Health for Dummies.  After blood work and further tests overnight, Dr. Tama confirmed that Zeus had a bacterial infection in his ears.  He proceeded to give us options for treatment, and what priority steps should be taken.  Zeus came home with a prescription of antibiotics, cleaning solution, ointment, and pain killers (if needed).  To top it off, Dr. Tama called the next night to follow up on Zeus and his condition, and to reaffirm care instructions.  Zeus was still hurting the first night at home, which went away gradually.  I was overwhelmed that Dr. Tama was available for "emergency" calls very late at night.  After proper application of meds, Zeus was up and running (at 100%) within a few days.   I finally found a veterinarian that has so much compassion, one I can trust and learn from.  I know Zeus and his brothers will be in good hands with their new doctor.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,4/22/2014,322,342,11,16,14>Nicely decorated place with great service and nice outdoor seating! I tried the Beriani Dejaj which was rice with golden raisins, almond pieces, soft juice chicken bits, and yummy grilled potatoes all surrounded in a creamy yogurt sauce. I was soooo in love with this dish at the Sunnyvale location so had to try it here. I was a little disappointed that it wasn't as flavorful as Sunnyvale's, but it was still really good. It was more tangy than than Sunnyvale's spot.My bf had the rotisserie chicken. He was pretty satisfied with it and mentioned that it was pretty juicy. It came with this garlic butter of some sort which we looooved! Put that on everything, super garlic-y and we love garlic.Had to try the baklava crumble ice cream dessert because I looove baklava. The brown sauce they put on our ice cream was a little bitter and weird, but the rest of it was delicious. Service was very attentive. Will be back here because I have no patience to wait at the Sunnyvale location lol and also because they're pretty similar.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,4/21/2014,854,542,19,21,18>Some things change and some things stay the same.Aside from the name changes and logos from Cluck U to University Chicken to SmokeEaters, most of the proven & successful formula has remained the same; offer affordable food & beer in a spirited environment near a student body. Ka-ching!The burgers, sandos, and salads are conventional and straightforward carb heavy entrees made to meet the appetites of college people and hungry downtown dwellers alike. Yes, even their salads are a little on the robust side. But of course, the draw of any wing place should be the chicken and Smoke Eaters does not disappoint. The wings here are larger and meatier than you'll find at other places/chains, definitely heartier than the wings at Wingstop or Hooters. And if you're in search of different sauces or flavors, by all means, go to those other joints because Smoke Eaters primarily does a traditional, vinegar-y, hotsauce-n-butter hot wing. Traditional Death. All day.Smoke Eaters (as a franchise) has really stepped up their craft/beer game, too, and smartly so, considering how craftbeer has really taken off in popularity. In addition to the 10 or so taps of more common beers, they have 8 rotating taps of craft as well as some chase bottles. This downtown location is regularly on my check list when looking for beers that might not be on hand elsewhere.Most endearingly, the staff here - all young people in the front of the house? - are really helpful and attendant, invested in the customer experience. I usually sit at the bar/counter and the staff almost always pays friendly attention to customers' needs. Plus, they know their beer which goes a long way in my opinion - other places just peddle product, but these gals & guy really want you to like what you're having. Kudos!Enough TVs to sate most sports interests, decent food, good beer, and welcoming staff? I'm fast becoming a regular here...________________________________________Sharks, food, beer, young co-eds... Heeeeeeeey!Just kidding, I'm too old for collegiate shenanigans.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,4/20/2014,107,87,8,10,10>This place was bomb diggity! I enjoyed my first experience here. I went here with my friends around 4pm in the afternoon on a Sunday and was seated right away. For appetizers our table got A1, the house special fried shrimp cake. It came out so crispy and tasted delicious! I love dishes paired with a sweet and sour sauce. I got #25, the special combo egg noodles (mi) with shrimp, squid, chicken and pork. I requested it dry since I like the bowl of soup on the side instead of the broth in the dish.  I thought the flavors were fantastic. Not too salty or bland. The soup was also delicious as well. My boyfriend got the shaken beef rice plate (bo luc lac) which I thought was pretty darn yummy! Had a bite of my friend's broken plate with the charbroiled pork which was also very good. Will definitely be back here for my Vietnamese cravings! Happy eating!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/19/2014,878,405,20,29,27>I've noticed that this 'Counter' is the front-runner of all my check-ins at San Pedro Square Market. I'm sure their fries have something to do with that. From their regular fries (when they first opened) to the variety of poutine they offer now, I have enjoyed plenty of my FRYdays here.  Practically any day of the week would be a FRYday whenever I'm in this area.  Of all the poutines, my favorite is the Pork Belly with cheese curds and gravy.  Gotta eat it up quick while the skin is still crispy.  Duck Confit Poutine and the Little Chef Poutine with braised beef are great alternatives I've had when the belly wasn't available.  I'm a fan of their gravy versus other poutines I've had in downtown.  Meat comes out just right. Wish there was more!      When it comes to sliders and burgers at the marketplace, LCC is my go to spot.  I rarely order sliders in general, but their sliders have won me over with their braised brisket and the use of toasted Hawaiian rolls.  Also in Hawaiian rolls are their lean angus beef burgers.  They're simple, yet very tasty.  And arugula with any of these just gives them a little more oomph.  The usual wait time is 10 minutes.  Expect a longer time on game days.  It's worth it!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/18/2014,317,42,10,18,12>I like this place. With so much sketchy fish being served nowadays, makes you really wanna praise the good sushi guys still out there--Good sushi guys like the ones who work here!Thus, 5 stars, Sushi Heaven! Great restaurant name, you angels, you. Their tuna lovers roll is delicious. Perfect kick of spice in the spicy tuna inside the roll with great cuts of white tuna on top of the roll. Great ikura nigiri here. (That's my favorite sushi.)If you are starving and looking for some sort of monster roll to alleviate that hunger, then order the King Kong roll. Beastly choice, for sure. Service is wonderful. You get greeted hello and goodbye each and every time you enter and leave. The waitresses are adorable, with smiles on their faces-always. Drinks are tended to finely. Simply very attentive altogether. As if this place needed additional perks... They really don't. Regardless, you get a free scoop of green tea ice cream to cleanse your palette at the end of your meal. Voila. Sushi Heaven, inndeeeed. Thank you for keeping your gates open even for mortals and sinners like me.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,4/17/2014,375,106,13,19,16>I didn't know this place existed! Biscuits is a cozy dog boutique in Japantown. They have a wide variety of toys and dog accessories. Dogs are welcomed of course! They even have a doggie water bowl near the entrance. I found this place by yelping dog cakes and this place popped up. It was my friend's dog's birthday and we were searching for a cake for her. They have doggie cakes and other goodies in the front counter. We got her the smaller, square cake which was $11. A bigger, circle cake was $25. They also have bacon flavor cupcakes for $2.50 I believe, peanut buttercups, and cookies. When we got home, all four doggies loved the cake! They gobbled it up so quickly and were looking for more! I wasn't expecting that because there was some mixed reviews about the cakes. I'm so happy the dogs loved it though. I will definitely come back for the dog goodies. I will be coming here more often for my baby girl.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/16/2014,76,197,10,18,16>My son has been fencing at CFA for... gosh, I forget how many years it's been. He became interested in fencing when the US did well at the Olympics, and at the time, CFA ran a promotion on Groupon for free trial lessons. My son went, and he was hooked.I've interacted with Dan, the head coach (Maestro, as he prefers to be addressed by the students) on several occasions, and even had the pleasure of working with him when the club was moving locations. He's always been very polite, but I can tell that he can be sometimes gruff. And in reading the other reviews, it seems other folks have caught him at times when he's been stern.Well, here's my assessment - Dan is very passionate about his craft and the art of fencing, and he gets downright serious sometimes. I can see how this can be taken as being rude and mean, but I feel that a lot of these reviews are coming from people who are used to being pampered by fake smiles and sycophantic caterings. Nothing wrong with being overly nice and accommodating - if you're a waiter at a restaurant. But this fencing business is serious business - you want a coach who knows how to fight, who knows how to build strong character in his students. You need someone tough. If you want nice and flowery, send your kids to Gymboree.Dan (and all the other coaches) have done a fantastic job not only in teaching my son how to fence, but also teaching him good sportsmanship and great work ethics. Keep up the good work, CFA!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/15/2014,622,798,6,20,8>I was going through my Yelpies and noticed that this new hot pot place opened up that wasnt all the way in Cupertino but rather in Milpitas! I had to check it out since there were only two not so helpful reviews and I knew this was my time to get her done and write a thorough review. The place is a decent size but I am sure once this place starts picking up with customers, the wait would be rather long. It is actually pretty nice and clean in there so I was pleasantly surprised by the modernness. There are so many broths to choose from and most of the 10+ options come with pretty much the same ingredients. It is the broth that differentiates it and if you see something missing in a pot, you can easily add it on for an additional charge. I was deciding between the Szechwan Style but found out it was spicy. However, you can choose the spice level so maybe that would be tolerable. There is a sauce station toward the front that has some garlic, soy sauce and their red house sauce which I highly recommend.I ended up getting the Seafood and Tofu and it ended up being a great choice. They come in personalized pots and all the ingredients are cooked by the time it reaches you. They light it up to heat it up again and you are ready to eat. The pot is pretty small and shallow so it is the perfect size for one person. You can choose between vermicelli noodles or rice and I chose the former. The noodles cook easily and are delicious! There was actually half a blue crab in there and even though it was old and wasnt as meaty, it was still good! It comes with octopus, clams, enoki mushrooms, other mushrooms, tofu, corn, napa and beef. I wish there was more than one thing of enoki but there was enough napa to get my veggie fix. There was hardly any tofu either....However, the meat was DELICIOUS! I think it was the best most tender meat I have ever had at hot pot. It reminded me of pho meat but a thinner version of it. There is a good amount of meat and I savored each one with my house special dipping sauce. Lastly, I saved the corn which I knew was frozen and squishy but I still loved it. The broth is pretty bland and just tastes like chicken stock but it was still all good. I dont really drink it anyway and use the sauce for the flavor. I was so satisfied with my meal and I finished the whole thing up.My sister got the curry fishball hot pot and I personally dont enjoy curry based soup so I thought it was decent. It did come with ingredients that I didnt have in mine like beef balls and pork. The pork looked dry but she said it was still tasty. I had a sip of the broth and yup, it tastes like curry haha. I say I win in this situation.Pricing is average for hot pot. Mine was $14 for dinner and hers was $11. Thats pretty good for how much food we got. I would definitely come back here again and hopefully I can try EVERY SINGLE FLAVOR. Haha that will be my goal. I highly recommend this place :) It has been a couple of hours since eating and I sort of feel light headed from the overload of sodium and MSG. Beware and load up on water!**TIPS**1) Get a stamp card. Buy 10 get one free. Usually hot pot places dont have this so that is pretty cool.2) Lunch is only $1 cheaper and I expected a bigger discount but hey, it is something.3) I would seriously order a side of beef because it is so damn good. Maybe I would do more corn and enoki mushrooms just because.4) Drink tons of water. It is sodium overload. 5) Enjoy!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,4/14/2014,322,385,16,18,17>Located in a strip mall, this little gem serves the best coffee in the Bay Area.Okay, to be precise, it's located in a strip mall in East San Jose, and it serves the best coffee in that strip mall. From what I can tell.Banh mi, beef stew, spring rolls, fries, beer, Vietnamese coffee. Large TV screens, lots of seating, smoking allowed. The food is a bit pricey for what you get, but do you come here for the food? Right, for watching sports, that's what you come here for. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the view. Good game.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,4/13/2014,490,412,18,13,12>Contrary to what the general public thinks, donuts are not only a morning food with a hot steaming cup of coffee.Take one of my good friend's passions.  Whenever we have lunch, he is constantly looking for a donut shop on the drive back to the office.  It's a comfort food that brings him back to his childhood days when he was that nerdy fat kid who played trumpet in the school band and never got a date.He's no longer that fat nerdy kid; he has a good paying job, and drives a car that many of us would envy.  Plus he knows his donuts.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,10/15/2008,386,452,13,19,18>When I was looking for some place different to host my boyfriend's birthday dinner someone mentioned to Moroccos's to me and since it was relatively new and downtown, after looking at their website I decided to e-mail them to find out what they can do for groups. Within an hour I got a response from both the owner Sham and chef Jay. Both were extremely helpful throughout the entire planning process from the tasting to pick out the food I wanted to for the family style dinner to the actual dinner the day of along with anything else I needed. When we actually arrived for the birthday dinner, everything was set up for us and they even had live music on a Tuesday night. Throughout the dinner both Sham and Jay were extremely accommodating and the food was delicious. For the "endless meal" (they have it set up for the family style dinner that the food is "endless" so if you like something, you can order more of it) we had... Salads- Mediterranean Salad- included tomatoes, olives, greens all in a delicious dressing- Signature Lentil Salad- very different and appetizing. Appetizers- Shrimp Pil Pil- My FAVORITE dish by far! Shrimp with garlic and other yummy ingredients- Kebab Sampler- Chicken and I believe it was lamb- not bad.Entrees- Beef Tangine- Beef which has been slowly cooked, delicious and full of flavor served with apricots - Imperial Couscous- 100 year old couscous recipe served with chicken, garbanzo beans and caramelized onionsDessert- Orange Creme Brulee- Mint Tea- Very minty but helped digest the food and was something different- Lime Sherbet- Another palette cleanser and a nice way to end the meal Special treat of the evening: Carol L's Mint Cupcakes- Soooo GOOD!Drinks of the Evening- Moroccan Wine- Sangria- Complimentary for the ladies since it was Tuesday night (ladies night) where ladies get a free drink on the house!Overall we had a fantastic experience there and would definitely return. Especially for the $15 wine flights and appetizers on Thursday night. Highly recommended...go check it out!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2008,10/14/2008,403,410,14,19,18>After reading Ken K.'s drool-worthy review of the Shen Jian Bao, I HAD to get my hands on some.Being born into a Shanghainese family, speaking Shanghainese, eating Shanghainese food daily, and visiting Shanghai numerous times (at least 15 times)... I am confident in saying I know what Shanghai tastes like.Whenever I go back to Shanghai, my ONE immediate craving is Shen Jian Bao.  In Shanghai, I can easily eat 3 sets of these delicious goodies by myself (and they come in sets of 8 there).One time my mother had to go to Shanghai and asked me if I wanted her to bring me back anything.  My request - 3 sets of Shen Jian Bao!  She actually did it one time (smuggled through security) and even tho they had long since cooled off during the 13 hour flight, they were delicious!So having eaten manymanymany sets of authentic SJB, I was excited to read the rave reviews about this place's signature SJB.I got 2 sets (of 6) for take-out.  They came expertly packed in a lovingly aluminum-lined bottom to keep them crispy and the corners of the Styrofoam boxes were punctured to let out the moisture from the heat.  Very nice, very thoughtful. ----Discliamer:  Now to warn you, I am VERY particular about my SJB and have HIGH standards.----Flavor ---Pretty damn good... meat was flavorful and juicy.  Tender and a generous portion.  But something was missing.  I can't put my finger on it...  maybe the meat was missing a bit of soy sauce? Sesame oil? A pinch of salt?  Something that I feel could be added to make it taste truly authentic.  Perhaps the bottom wasn't quite charred enough for me.  In Shanghai, it's not burned... but *almost* to that point so that it's suuupper dark brown and VERY tasty.Texture--- These things are toasted upside down, which I think is a big mistake.  What is supposed to be the puffy, spongy, doughyness up top is made into the crispy bottom that doesn't completely contribute to much flavor.  I really enjoy the fluffiness of the dough of a SJB (that intermingles with the delicious tender meat inside) and this was seriously missing.  While I do enjoy the added crispiness and toastyness of the bottom, the top just doesn't do anything anymore.  Plus, when you have the twisty doughy top part, the sesame and green onion stick better and add more overall flavor to the SJB.  Another point might be that when the correct "bottom" is toasted, because it's thinner it cooks with the meat and juices inside to flavor it.Overall Impression--- Again, I am VERY picky about SJB, and while these were only a brief reminder of the goodness that Shanghai provides, I was quite satisfied with the overall flavor and textures.  I do feel that there can be improvements, and I definitely think these are the best SJB I've had in the US of A.  VERY tasty.I highly recommend everyone try these out (and I know I'll be back for more) and then go to Shanghai for the real thing cuz there ain't nothin like it!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2008,10/13/2008,224,712,18,22,22>I worked near here for 2 years and never even knew this place existed. Random location, tiny strip mall, super packed. I love sitting on plastic chairs outside listening to the taqueria next door bump the Latin beats while waiting for my sushi # to be called. Only in California!Went here with some sweet cupcakes and two fabulous plus one's for dinner last Friday. Their recommends were awesome...the Sweet Suzy was very sweet indeed...too bad I only got one piece this time around, way too much talking and not enough eating. The other rolls we got were tasty....esp the baked Scallop one whose name I can't recall.Funny, but this place has exactly some of the same stuff as my absolute sushi favorite, Sushi O Sushi in Santa Clara.  Same as in the ingredients but also... the same NAMES? Yes...guess sushi rolls are not trademarked goodies. By the way, got two pieces of sake salmon nigiri and I swear that they brought me half the fish. Value to price...amazing, and it was *very* fresh.Four bottles of tasty sake, a pitcher of water, and many rolls later, we ROLLED ourselves outta here, buoyed on by the evil eyes of a bunch of hungry, waiting patrons who were greedily eyeing our large table. This place is yummy, and a little closer than our standby, but I gotta say...my 5 stars are still reserved for Sushi O. But we'll be back to TGI , probably on a less crowded evening for some closer-to-home yummy sushi rollage.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2008,10/12/2008,967,1207,14,10,12>After a long night of waiting, drinking, and eating at a local spot....Fro, Aja and I came here and met up with Mikey. And soon there after commenced the after party for the birthday party went down at none other than...FIREHOUSE. Whoa to all the sights and sounds that were to be had...the taste of alcohol on my tongue...the waft of perfume on my nostril...the drunken conversation with a stranger....the next porno puzzle picture thingy on my mind....nothing like experiencing some level of debauchery with friends, family and strangers alike.after yay many drinks I wasn't sure whether what I was hearing was  the sound of my brain cells dying or the glass breaking. whatever....next round was on mikey!!!ATTENTION!!!and so shall it be so again....this coming 24th!!!yelp.com/events/san-jose(selfish UYE promo plug!!);D
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,10/10/2008,515,371,17,17,16>YUM!!!!!  I am so thankful to yelp for helping me find the best burgers in the South Bay (the East Bay award goes to Val's) hands down.   It's so hard to find a good burger joint around here.  Slider's kicks The Counter's ass any day of the week.Slider's Burgers/Diner is located in a random location in the West San Carlos Shopping Center.   Don't let the outside fool you.  Step inside and your stomach will thank you for it.  I ordered the 8 oz bacon cheeseburger, chili cheese fries, and the mint chip milkshake.  Yeah, that's how I roll.  I went to the condiments bar and added mayo, ketchup, thousand island dressing, shredded lettuce, tomatoes, and red onions.   Other condiments they had available were pineapple slices, mushrooms, blue cheese dressing, and many more.  Man, they even had sriracha available.  That's huge in my book.  My burger was...the bomb.   The meat was cooked perfectly.  They make the patties there every morning and grill everything on the spot when you order.   The chili cheese fries were delicious and the portion was HUGE!  The mint chip shake was good (Val's is my favorite), but I like my shakes thicker.  I also like the fact that they have a wide array of options on the menu.  You can get garden, turkey, bison, or ostrich burgers.  You can get hot dogs and a variety of sandwiches.  Hell, you can even get a teriyaki bowl.  haha.I patted myself on the back for wearing an elastic waistband skirt.  No unbuttoning of the pants was necessary this time.   As I was enjoying my burger, I noticed the friendly owner/cook wearing some cool Rock and Republic jeans.  Ahhh, the good ol' days.  It made me think of the two cute pairs of RRs I had sitting in my closet....too small now due to my lovely yelp gut AKA "muffin top".  Am I happy that I've gained 15 lbs since I've signed up with yelp?  No.  But the fun of trying new restaurants and enjoying tasty food makes it totally worth it!!!  :)
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2008,10/9/2008,490,412,17,21,18>Don't tell my boss, but during mid morning today I happened to cruise by Yelp and read Anna D's five star review on Suraj.  Nothing scheduled for lunch; why don't I hit up the newly crowned elite Tetsu N and Michael C to see what Anna is talking about.She did warn us to get there early, and I'm glad we did.  The restaurant is a bit tight, tight enough to have to hold the buffet steam tables outside on the patio.  We were one of the first ones there, but not for long, as two groups quickly filled up the place.Indian is one of the cuisines that isn't bad for buffets, unlike the Crazy/Super/Mongo buffets that proliferate the area.  The buffet line had its usual suspects, like tandoori chicken, chicken tikka, dal curry, nan, etc, but there were two dishes that really stood out that I've never seen before.Kheema mutter is ground lamb with peas; much like a crumbled hamburger with spices.  Very good and worth coming back for.  The Baingan Bertha is eggplant in a curry sauce, which really took me by surprise.  Also another one worthy of coming back for.  And the biriyani...spicy but edible, you can't stop at one serving.The damper was the service.  You shouldn't allow the diners to stack dirty dishes, especially since we were one of the few ones there at the time.  A quickly bussed table would have earned them an extra star.  And the mango ice cream that they were pushing?  Well, I think it was more color than flavor.I'd come here again; it's a good value for $11.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,10/8/2008,622,444,16,25,23>I've been wanting to take some dance classes for a while (after taking some ballroom in college & some swing workshops a few years after that), and after doing some research on the types of classes I was interested in (salsa, tango, hip hop, bhangra), this place worked out the best for what fit into my schedule & what I wanted to take.I've only been to a drop-in class (Argentine tango) here, intermittently since October 2007.  They offer drop-in classes Thursday-Sunday for all levels & many types of dances, which is great because you don't have to commit to paying for a series of classes (offered Monday-Wednesday, and also weekends), especially if you don't know what your schedule is going to be like.  Classes range 45 minutes to 1 hour, & with the class I'm taking, they also offer a practice session later in the evening, included with the price of the class ($14/class, for the class I'm taking anyway).  They offer a wide range of classes, like swing, foxtrot, rhumba, tango, two-step, cha cha, waltz, west coast swing, hustle, Argentine tango (yes, there is a difference between Argentine & standard ballroom tango), samba, bolero, & probably more that I can't remember (just go to their website).You don't need to have partner because everyone rotates through dancing with everyone.  I actually like that, because I think it makes for a better follower (in my case) and also for better leaders (for the guys).  However, if you do signup with a partner, I think you can choose to not rotate & just dance with each other through the whole class.  Oh yeah, and I'm here to learn to dance, not pick up on guys, and I'd say that for the most part, the guys here aren't here to pick up women as their main goal.  They also offer private lessons & workshops here too.They have hand sanitizer & lotion at the front desk, so I always grab some hand sanitizer on the way out.Oh yeah, & I've crossed paths with another yelper here, unknowingly.  Apparently, we had attended the same class before we actually met, & I only figured it out after she wrote a review of a restaurant nearby & mentioned that she dined there after her dance class on a particular day, and was thinking, "hey, I attended that class too!"Located on the northeast corner of Fair Oaks Ave. and Tasman.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,10/7/2008,162,293,11,13,12>I really love things that require very little effort on my part, yet yield a large return. I'm American, that's how we do things. This year I remembered my dad's birthday in time to order a cake or something for him, which rarely happens. I decided to get his favourite, cheesecake, and perused Yelp for some cheesecake places so I didn't have to get a bad one from Whole Foods that will go bad in two days. I decided on Charlie's because they have a HUGE selection of cakes, you can order from their website, and they didn't seem pretentious. The website has a huge list and photos of cheesecakes that you will probably lust over as soon as you look at them. I ended up choosing the Caramel Cheesecake for my dad, since he is the only person on the planet for whom cheesecake itself isn't sweet enough. I placed an order on my iPhone around 2am, got a confirmation email from Charlie's around 9am, and the next day, I went to go pick up my cheesecake. SO FREAKIN' EASY !The shop was easy to find and super laid-back. Their business is cheesecake and they enjoy making it, so the shop is not cluttered with cupcakes, birthday cakes, wedding cakes, or anything you don't need to enjoy your cheesecake. My friend and I got complimentary cheesecake poppers (I chose raspberry, she got blueberry) when we picked up the cake ($27.95 and well worth it !), and oogled the photos and menu for more cakes. She is dying to try the Cookies and Cream, and I want the Cherries Jubilee for my birthday (HINT HINT). But the real question is, did my dad like it ? My pops ate his first slice BEFORE his dinner, he was so excited. And he actually approved, which he rarely does when it comes to my food choices. Sucess !! I usually can't stand cheesecake because it's so sweet and I hate sweet things (I know, it's not normal), but I had half a slice and was so glad I did. The cheesecake is light and sweet, and you can tell they use all-natural cream cheese: it almost tastes...healthy. The caramel flavour also felt very natural, and completely unlike the fake caramel flavours you find in most products. The cake lasted like three days. Not that it went bad, we just devoured it. I think I gained three pounds on cheesecake alone-and totally confused my pancreas-but it was totally worth it. I totally recommend this place, even though you have to venture into the depths of the Almaden Valley to get there.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2008,10/6/2008,905,867,14,26,20>Kahoo kicks ass!  Irrespective of what you may think about the food, there is something admirable about the efficiency, dedication, and singular purpose to which Kahoo Ramen runs their business. Arriving shortly before opening time, I was pleased to find the doors to Kahoo open.  But while the wait staff saw me, they were hovering and flying around the small space like worker bees gathering honey.  Kahoo is absolutely serious about ramen and, the moment I stepped in, I liked the ambiance and vibe I felt.  In many ways, it reminded me of Santa Ramen's old location, prior to their move to their expanded digs.  Cozy and often crowded, Kahoo consists of several tables as well as a barstool dining area where you can see the kitchen.  While the wait staff busily poured glass upon glass of water, set menus, and scurried to arrange the restaurant for the impending crowds, the kitchen staff worked like a well-oiled machine themselves.  Lining up bowls, testing broths, and carefully organizing ingredients to prepare the multitude of items they offer on their menu, they seemed ready for whatever sized crowds faced them.  What a contrast to the disarray I had seen at a place like Ramen Club in Palo Alto.  These guys are no novices....they're pros.When they were ready (right on the dot of stated opening time), the waitresses allowed me to take my seat.  10 people quickly followed and shortly the restaurant was at 70-80% capacity...all before noon.The seating area facing the kitchen is definitely the spot to grab if you can.  Reminiscent of seating at Daikokuya in Los Angeles or Ichiza in Las Vegas, the view gives you front row seats to all the action.  I find it wonderful to watch the huge vat of broth boil over, overfilled with tender meat and bones, and to observe the chef scold his assistants as they incorrectly made an order or chose a poorer quality piece of meat.  Like watching a short order cook at a ultra busy diner, the kitchen staff here were easily managing 10 orders a minute.So what about the ramen???  I smartly ordered the Kotteri ramen ($8.95) that a Yelp Mobile photo from the always reliable Beth W. had proclaimed her favorite.  It was delicious and unique.  I have absolutely zero idea what Kotteri stands for (I'll google it momentarily), but it was a wonderfully rich broth with plenty of garlic.  The killer?  Unlike places like Maru Ichi which are extremely salty, the broth here was flavorful without seeming like a salt lick.The other components of the ramen were spot on as well.  I found the pork to be a balanced combination of fatty trim with a tender lean portion.  It's probably the best pork I've had second to Santa Ramen's and almost as good.  The half boiled egg was done perfectly with a runny middle and the sprouts and spinach were fresh and tasty.   I even liked the noodles, which seemed done perfectly to me, despite the complaints many reviewers have.  The chef has a stopwatch tied with a rubber band to the ceiling above the boiler for the noodles and checks it constantly to make sure it's done to his standard.  At $2.50, I thought the mini rice bowl was a deal and chose the curry minced meat over rice.  While it included a well prepared half boiled egg, the rice bowl was forgettable.  Daikokuya (in LA) is still the king of rice bowls with ramen.  Stick with the ramen.As I left Kahoo Ramen, satiated both visually and gastronomically, the waitress kindly asked how my meal was.  I stated, "excellent and you guys run this place very impressively."  As she took my credit card (Visa and Mastercard only), she smiled knowingly and asked me to come again.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2008,10/5/2008,357,399,13,15,15>It's Saturday night and it's been a long day.  I don't feel like cooking so my little one and I head out.  I think about where to go and remember that I have been wanting to try Gumba's.  We arrive and there are only two other people in a booth near the front.  We take a booth near the front and are greeted with a smile and menus.Linda, our hostess, quickly takes our drink order and in about 1 minute flat we have drinks.  In another minute or so we order.  I order a house salad and the lasagne (Garfield would be proud) and my daughter had spaghetti.  My salad and a large plate of yummy garlic bread arrives.  The salad is a nice size with tomatos and shaved carrots.  Now this is perfect for me.  I don't like tons of things in my salad.  And the dressing was on the side.  Nice.  Our entrees were served and piping hot.  The lasagne was delicious!  Lot's of cheesy, gooey goodness.  YUM!  My daughter loved her spaghetti and devoured the bread!  I could not eat all of my lasagne so I have lunch for tomorrow!!  And so does my daughter.  This is a cute little place, small and cozy.  They have several booths and tables.  It was quiet for a Saturday night.  If I lived closer I would go there once a week, at least!!  They have a nice beer and wine selection too.  Linda was wonderful!  Service was so fast and she checked on us several times to make sure we were doing well.  Thank you Linda!I think this is one of those little gems of a place.  The food is yummy, the service is good, and if I had room for dessert, I'm sure that would have been good too!  Dessert has to wait until next time.  After the pizza I want to try. :)
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/1/2013,711,1302,7,8,10>I'm actually a huge fan of Thai Spice and not just because the service is, more often than not, quite good. It's quick, but reserved. You're not going to get overly friendly, but you will get your food quickly, and correctly and with a smile.The chicken dish I've gotten a few times is always spiced perfectly, though their chicken satay seems to run a little bland. My coconut milk soup has always been quite savory though the shoots they add in are a touch too much in the broth.All in all I will never turn down a trip to Thai Spice. Mmm yum!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,6/30/2013,1335,1550,23,32,27>Such a great find in San Jose. Authentic Italians managing the place.  A family owned business. We walked in without a reservation for dinner.  No attitude at all. We were told if we can order and finish our food in about an hour and a half they're taking us in! They're booked! Of course we said yes!We had their special rabbit dish and cheese ravioli dish called Mama Rosa.  The rabbit was oh so tender and does not have that gamey taste at all. The sauce was amazing! The portion was excellent. The ravioli was heavenly. The cheese was the best! The sauce was something to rave about!Now the next best thing to come from our mouth was almost suicidal. We were so full but we ordered the Tiramisu. Boy! Am I glad we did! THE BEST- IF NOT ONE OF THE BEST! Not overly sweet and creamy goodness in your mouth. Come for this and a glass of red wine. You'll thank me!Totally a date place if you wanna impress. It's romantic with class. Your piggy bank won't be scared of that hammer ending his life. It's pretty reasonable priced menu is a promise to look forward to. Best to make a reservation. Seating outside would be pleasant on a warm day or night. This restaurant sits next to a park and if you get a window seat or is sitting outside the hectic life that's just a few feet away seem so far. *Peace, romance, good food and wine*
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/29/2013,115,91,5,5,6>Fast and delicious! Service could be a bit friendlier but then again I normally end up with the guy who is eager to get on the phone to talk to who knows who. I've ordered in house and I have ordered to go. It doesn't take very long to get my food and it it always awesome. *Side note, I normally order BBQ pork or a brisket bowl.*One star is lost for thier take out service. I was offered no sauces on the side and it didn't seem that they had any to-go portions so i had to grab mine from off the table and pour it onto my plate. It was still amazing, but I feel they should have to-go portions ready.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,6/28/2013,564,356,6,9,9>I'm pretty ridiculous; I come here once a week and I don't ever want to stop.The food, the service, the atmosphere; everything is perfect for a great evening out. Our server, the awesome Jared, is the best server I have ever had and knows everything there is about the food AND the wine. He even gave me a card of the winery of my favorite bottle of wine I get there. Basically look at the photos and that should just speak for itself on how good the food is. I definitely recommend getting the Charcuterie plate (always get) and the Ahi entree. Of course, I always have to add Brussel Sprouts since it is my favorite food in the world.Go by and sit at the quaint table and ask for Jared; he will take care of you like none other.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,6/27/2013,196,244,14,13,16>A few weeks after my initial encounter-Me: Hi I am calling to order some topless roti buns.Honeyberry employee: Cynthia?!Me: (speechless for a few seconds) Me: Yes! Can I order some for pickup?Honeyberry employee: Sure, how many would you like? Me: Like a dozen!Honeyberry employee: See you in 30 mins!30 mins later, I got my special dozen topless buns! Talk about an awesome memory for remembering my name! Still 5 stars!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,6/26/2013,84,78,25,11,8>Oh this place?- they mix drinks soo strong and hitss soo hooard, along with low lighting- that meanss all you UGLY guys  have a chance at a GIRL whaaaaat??! I know right!! YELP DID IT AGAIN:) HOLLAAA!! LOL!. kidding.. no one's ugly. (after 2 drinks or 2am) ...uhh-  *chirp.chirp*Anywayss, I took my girlfriend here by the end of the night she was my wife. What. and we had a blast!  Dark intimate setting, hilarious conversations makes for a perfect warm up for dates. Guys: Pay attention to what she says so you have conversation material for later on in the night.Girls: Don't tell the guys too much things and just  watch and listen to them talk their way into a grave. It's HILARIOUS! LOL! Drinks are great here, the way they mix creeps slow but hits like Ali.. so slow it down and keep it very sensual with a couple drinks. Try a different ones since they mask the alcohol taste well. No shots or food here, so be prepared to eat before or after. It's very clean and tidy as well, one of the gentlemens always walk around clearing glasses and napkins from table to table. Again, great place to start out memories, bad place for breaking up with someone:)I don't always drink, but when I do- we stay classy:)
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/25/2013,405,477,8,13,10>"There is no friend as loyal as a book" -Ernest Hemingway When you walk into a local bookstore you feel like you are visiting a friend. Each bookshelf houses your old favorites and those elusive ones you've been dying to pickup. There is something calming about walking the aisles and selecting your next read that seems to make all your troubles fade to an afterthought. Bookshop Santa Cruz is a classic bookstore. The vibe is laid back and inviting. The shelves are lined with handwritten notes from the staff pointing you towards their recommendations. I wish the store had more used books, especially fiction, but it is still one of my all time favorite bookstores. Pick out a book, take it to the beach, love your life.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,6/24/2013,426,165,20,20,18>Do you remember when Charlie from Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory entered the candy shop? Well, that's how I felt when entering The Sweet Corner! I felt so overwhelmed with sweets and desserts that I ended up spending more than I initially planned. --------------------------------------------------­-[Decor/ Atmosphere] I'm going to say "cute and adorable" even though I a manly man would never say that, I'll make this an exception! LOL. The atmosphere is pretty charming, you'll be amazed how well decorated the decor is, especially the big chalk art! [Food/ Drinks]Jasmine Milk Tea: Let me first say...I'm lactose intolerant but I still enjoy the occasional dairy products from time to time. The Jasmine Milk tea was extremely milky but for some reason I couldn't help myself from finishing it! I actually kind of like it! Strawberry Milk Tea: A little too sweet for me, felt like I was drinking the mix you use for strawberry smoothie. Macarooms Set: The macaroon are delicious! I honestly never had macaroons before and being that this was my first time eating it, I was a very happy! I recommend!Creme Brulee: It was decent, not the best I've had but not the worst.Green Tea Cheesecake: Tasted a bit bland.[Service]The workers are nice and friendly. Drinks were made quickly and desserts were packed neatly at a good pace.--------------------------------------------------Overall, The Sweet Corner is a decent store for desserts and sugary sweets. Don't go here for their drinks unless you like it more on the sweeter side. I know I'll be back for more macaroons!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/23/2013,88,287,17,20,16>This place is not your typical city park. There are not many frills here, so let's cut to the chase:1) Huge grassy fields for the little 'uns to run on2) Very popular "track"; it's actually just the perimeter of the park, but people use it to jog, walk and mosey; it's approximately 1/2-mile one way.3) Limited picnic areas4) Cool early WW2-era architecture (the restrooms were constructed in 1938-1939)5) Decent restrooms. Actually, they're pretty gross, but they're old (see above) and on opposite end of the park; a nice reminder that they REALLY wanted to keep the sexes separated back in the day. 6) Let's see... What else? I know I'm forgetting something. Damn.. Oh, well.. must not be important. Wait-a-minute! Oh, ya!  The Roses!  How could I forget the star attraction and the main reason this is a 5-star park? Unless you're devoid of all feelings, or you're just a Grumpy McPoopy-Pants, this is the main reason to seek this place out. Especially in the spring and early summer when the roses are in full bloom--you can smell them from a block away! They have a wonderful array of varieties and colors here. One of the nice features is the name of the rose variety are located on placards at ground level. So if you want to find a particular variety and plant it at home, it's as simple as snapping a pic or - if you're old school- write it down. The Rose Garden gets crowded on the weekends and street parking is limited. Not to mention, some of the neighbors get kinda grumpy about you parking in front of their house, but that's like people buying a house by the airport and then complaining about the noise. What'd you expect when you bought your house across the street from the crown jewel of CSJ parks?
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,6/22/2013,1261,428,7,7,7>From attending SJSU graduations to reminiscing about how I went to the Fallout Boy/ Gym Class Heroes show and the Taste of Chaos tour, this place has yet to fail me. The most recent event I had the pleasure of attending was Tiesto's College Invasion Tour with Quintino and Tommy Trash. OHHHH MYYYY GOOODDDNNESSSS, that sound system slapped so hard that I thought I was melting into the speakers! It literally slapped so hard that our apartment, right by the venue, lost power for 30 minutes. More EDM events need to take place here, because I love the set-up of the venue. Even though there could have been more light production and perhaps more air flow ( it was hotter than the devil's breathe in there), I really appreciated the staff being so understanding about the whole EDM scene and provided everyone with free water. I'm sure the college students working the event were also having a blast watching their fellow peers going hard in the paint. What was even more awesome was that even though it was an all ages show, the security wasn't tripping about us 21 & up people going around the entire venue with our drinks in hand. Overall, I cannot wait for the next awesome show to occur here, because this venue is definitely underrated.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,8/11/2013,396,240,10,17,13>Yummy fushion hotdogs! I went with the Calidog and SriRancha fries. Om nom nom!!! I swapped the beef frank with a hot link..best decision ever!!! I usually have to have ketchup with my hot dogs, but the Calidog was so flavorful that I decided to go without. The sweetness of the teriyaki sauce was harmonious with the saltiness of the hot link. The SriRancha fries were excellent as well, loved the Sriracha Ranch sauce with shoestring sized fries. I will definitely be back to try their other Signaturedogs.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,8/10/2013,41,83,9,16,10>I just came home from my second trip to Katsu in Los Gatos. Our first experience was not good. After posting a yelp review describing the issues, we were invited back by the owner for another chance. I thought the owner was going to introduce himself and comp our food. Not even close. He sat with us for dinner and talked to us for 3 hours. He showed us some of his favorite items from the menu and what he thought made the restaurant stand out. I cannot express how impressed I was with this level of customer service. And this was not a shallow ploy to earn a yelp review, this was a genuine interest in us having a great experience. He told us he read our original reviews and never mentioned Yelp again.  We talked about travel, business, healthcare, religion, and fine dining. The conversation was as interesting as the food. We started with the O-toro, Chu-toro, and Dynamite Roll. The O-toro was the most tender delicious fish I have ever eaten. It literally melted in my mouth and was buttery smooth with no hint of fishy flavor. The dynamite roll has real crab and was spicy and with a hint of sweet. It is not on the menu, but it is worth the trip for this roll alone. The menu we sampled this time was completely different than the first time. Katsu has some really fantastic items and I would really recommend the items listed above. I also really enjoyed the Wagyu Japanese filet mignon. It was perfect. And a personal favorite of mine is the spicy tuna with jalapeno on crispy rice. Without a doubt this place will be on my short list of regular places to visit. I am so happy to find a truly elite sushi place and only a few miles from my house!!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,8/9/2013,854,542,16,17,15>For years, the space currently occupied by Bangkok Boulevard has been a rotating door of lackluster and unsuccessful eateries. Hopefully Bangkok Boulevard can break that cycle because they've got a decent menu, friendly service, and a suitably flexible atmosphere.The space itself toes the line between casual eatery and sit-down restaurant; rather nice tables and booths are spaciously spread through the softly lit restaurant giving diners a comfortable bit of room and intimacy, all the while a low din of modern music plays overhead. But then there's no host(ess), and many people are just as apt to walk up to the counter to order as they are to sit and be waited upon. The contrast and option is actually kind of pleasant. Some days I want to be seated and dine, some days I want to order and stay, and some days I want to make it "to go".Service is friendly and welcoming. This small operation (three front of house + whoever is in the kitchen?) has always made an effort to be personable and warm, making recommendations on the different curries and pleasantly/humorously asking that important "... are you sure?" when I ask for them to make something "very spicy... as spicy as you can." Yeah, at least once they were right to ask me if I could handle the heat, because wow.I've stopped into Bangkok Boulevard three times in the past month, each time ordering some new things to bring to the familia - my parents aren't particularly adventurous when it comes to food and I take it upon myself to introduce them to new things. The food at Bangkok Boulevard is good; authentic in taste, pleasing in presentation, and reasonable in spiciness. [The only other nearby Thai restaurant, Thai Elephant, is a pre-cooked/steam-table place where - though the food is good, IMO - most meats are minced/chopped and the spice levels are set.] To date, I've had the Tom Yum, House Special Curry, Fresh Ginger Saute, Pad Kra Prow, and Tamarind Basa. Each and every one is a pretty dish, even when brought home and ladled out of a to-go container, and the flavors are fresh, bright. Smiling service, chill environment, mouth watering tart and lip-plumping spiciness. What more can you ask for?______________________________________"Welcome back! What can I get you today?""Can I try the Pad Kra Prow... very spicy? Very.""Hehehe, are you sure?""Yeah, I  think I can handle it?"Half hour later: NOPE. My face on fire.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/8/2013,285,153,8,16,13>I can't tell you how excited I was to see that there is a restaurant in the South Bay that bills itself as an Armenian restaurant. Being of half Armenian descent, I'm super enthusiastic about any and all things Armenian because there aren't a lot of us in this area. (go to Glendale or Fresno and Armenian kebab shops are a dime a dozen!) So one afternoon we just happened to be in the area, we were craving falafel and this was the first place to pop up when I searched with my Yelp app. The Yelp app says nothing about this place being specifically Armenian, but you'll know it when you see the sign out front.When you walk in, you'll see an Armenian flag near the cash register and even more impressive to me, they actually serve Armenian beer and wine! My family has been going to the big Armenian festival on Brotherhood Way in San Francisco for over 20 years now and that is the only time I really ever see Armenian food, beer and wine. To be fair, there's nothing all that special about Armenian beer, I just get super stoked that it's available and I can have fantasies about wearing a big furry hat and calling someone "comrade" while eating a kebab in former Soviet Armenia. Anyway....You can't go wrong with the wraps as they seem to dominate the menu. I've tried the falafel, eggplant,  chicken shawarma, lamb shawarma and lamb kebab wraps and they've all been excellent. The falafel had that perfect crunchy exterior that I love in a good falafel. The combo shawarma plate was also a win for me as it comes with hummus, a salad and fresh chicken and lamb cut right off the rotating tasty meat wheels. Another nice touch is the tasty pita chips and hummus they bring to your table before your lunch or dinner comes out. They also have a few beers on tap if you're not interested in boring Armenian lagers. I've spotted Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and Shock Top among their taps, so props for at least making the effort to have some variety. A few side notes: Looks like they have a banquet room in the back and there's also some outside seating. They also have a refrigerator where they have basturma (a seasoned air-dried, cured beef), soujouk (spicy sausage) and various yogurts.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,8/7/2013,284,184,14,14,14>There's a tear in my beer, cause I'm cryin' for ya dear........yes, dear Niner's.....so sad about your loss, although a good game, a close game....so sad.....As others have said, this is just your average, typical sports bar.  Lots of TVs, so a great place to take in the Superbowl action. What stood out the most for me was the exceptional service.  We were a group of 7 and our waitress (wearing the Jones #23 jersey) was johnny on the spot with everything. Fast, friendly and efficient. In fact, everyone that works there is pretty friendly and accommodating.As for the food, it's your typical bar food, good but nothing mind blowing.  Food came out pretty fast and was served hot.  I like that, means it wasn't sitting under the heat lamp. Every beer that I ordered was served ice cold, just how it should be.Great game, great service, cold beer, hot food and the company of good friends what more could a girl ask for....well, actually, I can think of a few other things......If your looking to take in a game, maybe when the Giants make it to the World Series again - give this place a whirl!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,8/6/2013,492,201,15,15,15>All you need to eat here is a big appetite, clothes that you don't mind infusing with BBQ scents and stretchy pants. I love coming to Palace BBQ every few weeks, to gorge on delicious marinated meats, fresh seafood and a variety of random appetizers. The restaurant is quite spacious, with an individual cast-iron grill on each table for 4, and an entire front section of buffet-style counters. The raw meats and seafood are separated from the salad and appetizers bar, with a variety of sushi, egg rolls, pickled vegetables and stir fry. Most people stick to only the raw meats & seafood, but I actually love their chicken wings, perfectly juicy and tangy with a slick kick of heat. The raw protein selections include kalbi, marinated beef and chicken, spicy pork, chicken hearts, squid, octopus, and even pork belly! My personal favorites are the chicken hearts and marinated beef, which I love to wrap in the complimentary lettuce wraps. If you still have room for dessert after your meat buffet, they offer vanilla ice cream cones at the counter (just ask the nice servers!) and a delicious sweet rice beverage at the salad bar :)
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,8/5/2013,1070,862,15,17,19>I bring my pinoy here every time he comes to visit. Thanks to him, my kids are now hooked to enseymadas, so I find myself coming here on the regular. $1 for a two pack is not a bad deal for those sweet, fluffy, fresh pillows of heaven. The pan de sal is always fresh, and you have a choice of purchasing it packaged or single serve in a paper bag for immediate consumption. They have a solid selection of different Filipino sweet treats, as well as delicious hot food items. You just grab a number, and place your order. The bakery can accomodate small parties to dine in, but larger parties definitely want to take their yummies to go. They have a good sized catering menu, which is awesome for parties when you don't feel like cooking. The food is always fresh, and service is always with a smile. Cash ONLY! :)
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,8/3/2013,878,405,24,24,23>Sing it with me....."4 dollah""4 dollah""4 dollah, 2 feet loooong!!!"Yes, the sandwiches here are humongous.  When I ordered their banh mi dac biet (combo) for the first time, I thought they gave me two sandwiches.  They just cut the actual order in half.  I normally come here just for these long missile-like sandwiches that can feed a family easy.  I usually end up sharing or saving the rest for my next meal.  In fact, I don't remember a time that I've finished a whole sandwich in one sitting.  Overall taste is better than the average banh mi.  I'm not a fan of raw onions, but the fresh cilantro, carrots, peppers, and pickled daikon they engorge in their sandwiches truly complement the fresh baguettes they use.  I expected their chicken to be more meaty and not so dry.  The shredded pork was just okay.  But their combo sandwich and the grilled pork sandwich have been consistently on point with flavor.  These two, along with size and price, are what keeps me coming back.  And because of these sandwiches, I usually don't pay attention to the other (non-sandwich) items they sell.  Although the balut package did catch my eye.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,8/2/2013,532,459,6,10,9>A hidden gem in Willow Glen! My boyfriend and I had the best experience at Blue Crab from beginning to end and look forward to this restaurant thriving for many years to come.A few reasons why Blue Crab deserves 5 stars:1) Amazing customer service! The wait staff was friendly and helpful with the menu. The owner, Craig, made sure to come out and see how we were doing many times while we were dining. When we hesitated about which soup to order - he came out with a sampling of ALL their soups! The Red Pepper Crab and Kickin' Crab were delectable and so was the lobster bisque, although it is very rich and decadent so I recommend only the cup size. 2) The menu had your traditional items such as fish and chips and Louie salads, but they also had hard-to-find-in-the-south-bay items such as Stone Crab and Miyagi oysters. They also had 2 very unique champagne-in-the-can options - Coppola/Sofia and a sparkling sake champagne - YUMMMMMMM on both!!! 3) There is a life-size animatronic shark that hangs on the ceiling and starts biting when there's any motion near it! I know it should have nothing to do with a restaurant's rating, but it was too cool to leave out :)So thank you Craig and Blue Water for a great foodie experience! We look forward to returning again soon!BTW, great happy hour Monday-Friday from 4pm-6pm!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,8/1/2013,115,260,,10,5>This new coffee shop has been open for less than a week, and I am extremely excited about it! They have a lot of really cool things going for them; I hope that people will give them a try. They roast all their own beans in house, which is an impressive feature. No other coffee shop in Gilroy does that. You can tell that it creates good coffee, too, because their regular drip (available in dark, medium, and decaf) is superb. The medium roast is smooth and drinkable, without a strong acidic aftertaste. They also stock a variety of locally made items, like Polar Bear ice cream, made in Santa Cruz, and pastries made by a pastry shop in San Juan Bautista. Even cooler: they offer some baked goods made by the Rebekah Children Services culinary institute (look it up!). This support of other local business is a great feature. High quality overall. The ambiance in the room is great, with plenty of tables, and a cool wooden bar that faces large windows out to downtown Gilroy. Overall, this is a great new place. I'm confident that as long as people give them a chance, they will be successful.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,1/18/2013,2665,2597,8,13,9>I have come here several times before, but never for happy hour so I think this is a totally well waited review because their happy hour is AMAZING.First of all, you have to love wine, so I'm not going to address other kinds of happy hour(s) or whatnot because the wines here are fantastic. My friend and I shared the Pork-folio and a pate dish along with two flights since its two for one during happy hour (flights or glasses, Monday through Friday 3-6pm!). The flights were more like three glasses of wine! I love the generous pours here because you can share your flights and truly be able to taste what the wine is like. I loved the Go red or Go home as well as the Italian flight that I got.The pork-folio was delicious but the pate really hit the spot. The black pepper was a perfect compliment for the dish and we had a fantastic time. The atmosphere was chill, the staff was extra friendly and I enjoyed my wines very, very much. Thanks VWM!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,1/17/2013,84,83,7,10,8>BOOK LOVERS PARADISE! This cute bookshop is in the middle of cute ol' downtown Campbell. They have a bunch of books that are well organized and since they are second hand they are so much more affordable. They have a great cookbook section, definitely wanted to get many things from there, but refrained. Of course they have a bunch of classics too! The staff there is very friendly and they have a house cat who lounges around living the good life. This is a great bookstore and you leave feeling happy. Just too adorable being around in there!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,1/16/2013,564,356,12,12,12>I know that they really deserve 5 stars and it could be my fault but my end result did not come out what I was hoping for but that could also possibly be MY fault... I'm in denial!With my job being on the Peninsula but living in the South Bay, with work hours and commute time, I'm generally working past the hours of most salons. This salon is hop, skip and a jump away from me and I was desperate need of turning my dull brown roots into a shining blond. I set up the appt for 630 (okay, so I snuck out of work to even make that time) and was set up with an older lady. Now, I don't want to throw her under the bus so I will not provide her name but she was just... not that into me? I told her my low down; I need my golden locks back asap! She basically did not listen; she made snide comments under her breath but said certain remarks with a smile and I wasn't sure how to take that. "I'm doing the salon a favor for being here, you know", "I have 12 years experience with Vidal Sasson", "You don't know how lucky you are to have me"... Seriously? Another client of hers was there getting her hair done (the way I wanted, by the by) and she was quite devoted to her. Me, I'm a nobody! Whoa is me! When all was uncovered, I had....... RED RONALD MCDONALD HAIR!  I kid you not! She says to me "Come back in 6 weeks and we can make it lighter and eventually get to blond." What? I had to get out of there. The next morning at 8am I called to complain not sure of what I wanted to do. The lady was so sweet and kind and very patient with me; she stated the manager would call me later to set up a new appt. And she did! Isabella (?) was generous and understood my frustrations. That's a great sign of management!She set me up with Shannan. A wondrous stylist who came from the heavens of hairdom and became my gift from God.She saw the damage, she assessed the situation and decided to move forward into lightening this disaster so kids would no longer ask me for a Big Mac. What was really lovely about Shannan is that she listened. Huge thing when it comes to hair; please listen to what I want! What makes her the real deal is that I never had a haircut before; just trims and fixing my fried parts. I told her my issue with pathetically round face that makes me look like a bobble head with my skinny body and she cut and shaped my hair to have my face appear slimmer and evened length. BEST.HAIRCUT.EVER.OK so one con: My hair is not the blond I wanted; I should have stated that I generally have platinum blond highlights and she ended up toning my wannabe broading color down. I'm trying to be okay with not having the stunning bright streaks since it's now an all over color of ash blond; let's see how long I last!So I kind of have to blame myself for this.All in All: GO SEE SHANNAN!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,1/15/2013,777,314,20,25,24>It was one of my super spontaneous nights when I was laying in bed and thought about how I could mix up my boring routine of going to the gym.  I needed to do some kind of cardio, but running on the treadmill is too boring for me.  I then remembered that I always wanted to do men's hula so I immediately Yelped hula places in the area.  Two places popped up and I emailed both places and asked for info about the classes.Na Wai Ola responded right away and asked me to stop by the next day to check out the class.  Why not?  I couldn't find the place at first because there was nothing on the windows to suggest it was a hula school.  As I compared addresses, I knew I had the right place so I went in. The girls at the front were so nice and I was immediately introduced to Kumu and her husband Anson.  They were ecstatic that I was a man who was interested in men's hula because finding male dancers is very difficult.  I was asked to join the class and that was enough to get me interested in being part of their Ohana.  I not only started dancing in the men's class, but also started Tahitian drumming on Monday nights.  Kumu is an incredibly beautiful, graceful, and humble teacher.  She embraces all the dancers as her own family member and has an incredible memory of remembering all the dancer's names.  Some of the dancers has been with her since they were little girls and they are now beautiful adult women.  Her husband Anson teaches the men's hula class as well as the drumming class.  He's an awesome guy with lots of patience,  encouragement, and talent.  Their daughter Kanoe is an icon of the Halau and very involved with all the classes, programs, and shows that is featured throughout the year.  Leiola is their youngest daughter and if you saw her, you'd swear that was Lilo in real life.The biggest show of the year, the Hoike, takes months of practice to prepare for.  It is a big show that takes place at the Fox Theatre in Redwood City and is a compilation of all the classes Na Wai Ola has.  Since I started late,  I had a lot of catching up to do and learning not only the dance moves, but also the fundamental basics of Halau etiquette, arm/hand,  leg/feet, and body movements.  When it came time for the Hoike, there was an excitement that I haven't felt since being on stage with my martial arts studio in demonstrations as a kid.  There was just so much energy, passion, and beauty in the show that I heard many people in the audience say it was the best hula performance they've ever seen.  Yelp didn't come thru for me this time for finding a great restaurant, bar, or business.  It found me a family--oh and a great new way to mix up my workout.  Aloha to my new Ohana.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,1/14/2013,1078,821,7,15,10>First attempt getting cupcake at this place was a failed because they only have four cupcakes left when I came in ten minutes prior to closing time. Therefore I came back the next day with my bestie and her little munchkin for those delicious cupcakes. We got:- Pumpkin cupcake = a little on the dry side with a hint of nutmeg.- Apple crisp cupcake = little chunks of apple and cinnamon. Super sweet frosting.- Banana cupcake = they did not have it that day but upon my request they made me some. It was my favorite and it was moist. Love it!- Red velvet cupcake = typical red velvet, I didn't care for it much. My bestie like red velvet everything so it is a given that she would get one.- S'mores cupcake = too sweet for my texture, although I like the graham cracker at the bottom of the cupcake. I like Frost Cupcake Factory for the friendly attitude, service and atmosphere. A good place to take your kids to have sweet treats. They have cute little toddler table and toys for the kids to play. They also served Peet's Coffee which is another plus in my book!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,1/13/2013,278,1731,18,22,19>Automatically I felt comfortable as I was approaching the hot dog stand because Susie was getting something from her truck, saw me, and immediately smiled at me.  Before we exchanged words, she complimented on my boots!  That alone was enough excitement and anticipation for me.  Before me I saw what was offered: apple chicken sausage, pineapple sausage, and to the left a "combo" menu w/ the following-#1 Special - Jumbo dog, a soda, and a bag of chips#2 Special - Polish sausage, a soda, and a bag of chips#3 Special - Hot Link, a soda, and a bag of chips#4 Special - Regular hot dog w/ a soda and a bag of chips All of the combo meals were $6 but my hot link cost me $4.75.  Toppings and condiments looked clean, sanitized, and very fresh.  She had mustard, brown mustard, onions, jalapenos, relish, mayonnaise, BBQ sauce, and ketchup.  All of the fresh items were sealed tightly in labeled containers and were quickly tended to after use - yes, I noticed that because I am ServSafe certified!I ordered the hot link and piled on - brown mustard, mustard, onions, relish, and jalapenos; that is right.. no ketchup!!!  The first bite was satisfying because a) I was hungry, b) Susie is a very pleasant woman to talk to, c) I love street food (I ate right there!), and d) the link wasn't spicy but it was grilled to perfection and I love the roll she served it in.  It was no ordinary hot dog bun... I ate that thing faster than you could read this review.  This was totally serendipity because I had to go to the bank to give my colleague $$ for a box of Hostess Twinkies AND I stopped by eBay on First St. for Melts My Heart food truck [I was in the mood for a bacon grilled cheese sandwich] but I did not read the Twitter thing and realized after I got there that they are at the other eBay location in Campbell, not in San Jose.  I still went back to work w/ a happy tummy and dessert: 2 Twinkies!!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,1/12/2013,282,253,5,6,5>A great way to get outdoors, take a stroll -- get some darn exercise. Things that have been spotted on the trail over the years;1) BirdsFrom herons to hawks, this is a nice trail that you are able to see a wide variety of our feathered friends.2) TurtlesKeep an eye out around rocks and logs that are in or near the water to catch these cuties basking.3) FishYep, they have those too! 4) Skunks and RaccoonsIf you are out here early in the morning, or right at dusk, you will see many of these creatures. Unless you have a dog, you don't have anything to worry about. They are usually busy eating cat food that some woman leaves out for the stray kitties. Major points to that woman since she traps them and has them neutered.5) HobosYes, the homeless live under some of the bridges, and usually don't bother anyone. Sadly, hobos aren't really big on the environment, so they are notorious litter bugs. Perhaps they can leave out *hobo bags* right next to where you see *doggie bags* along the trail.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/11/2013,193,358,21,5,9>Wake up in the morning feeling like P'Diddy...Grab my car-keys, am out the door, I'm gonna hit this cityLet's go.. Tun to the side my cap, cap and Open up my Yelp App, appI need to brunch and fill up cuz I know when I leave for the day, I aint coming backGotta run errands, get my car wash wash...Tik Tok on the clockBut the body doesn't stop, no.Don't stop, make 'em pancakes popSweet and Delish are the bberry buckwheat pancakesA brunch at Scramb'lllllz, tummy's filled to the topToday Imma fight'Til i knock the todo list downTik tok on the clockbut the body doesn't stop, no.Thanks to a filling brunch at Scrambl'z, yo!so yeah now I can kinda related to Kesha... cuz Sunday morning I was feelin like P'Diddy ;) the brunch hit the stop... definitely quieted down my grumbling king kong of a tummy...It is a bit of hike from where I live, so don't know when I'll go again...maybe the next time I feel like Kesha... until then..... --BurrrP-- I mean cya later
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,1/10/2013,602,403,5,6,5>Consistently good. Except that one time, they cooked my medium rare burger medium-well.  That wasn't okay - but they made it up to me on the spot. Literally everything I have eaten here is good. They certainly have one of the best BURGERS in town.  Bleu cheese, bacon, caramelized onions... it's money.  AND it comes with "skinny" (yes, I know they're called shoestring) fries. The WILD BOAR RIBS are SUPER tasty and serve as a messy, but delicious app.  The OYSTER (you choose how many you want/$3 ea) is served with a champagne mignonette and excellent. The PEAR SALAD with bleu cheese and red onions is simple but well done. The ARTISAN CHEESE PLATE is what introduced me to St. Agur bleu cheese which is amongst one of my favorite.  (Apparently this is a bleu cheese post.) The RAVIOLI with pomegranate seeds is different and pretty good.  The POKE is good but nothing to write home about.  The RIB EYE on the other hand certainly is.  The achiote rub is delightful and the steak always comes out cooked properly. At least in my experience - and I like mine medium rare.They have a FULL BAR and an awesome progressive HAPPY HOUR. I only recently learned about the happy hour menu too.  From 3-4 items on the menu are $3.  From 4-5 - $4 and from 5-6 - $5.  Not bad, right?  They also have loaded tater tots that made me drool a little bit and rethink my order last night.  We sat at the bar last night and Evan was our server/bartender.  He was great. I also tried the St. John Daily cock tail which had black tea infused vodka, St. Germain, cucumbers and some other items - yum! I definitely recommend it. I've been here for a wedding rehearsal years ago , a company lunch and will be for a company holiday party this year.  They pretty much do it all.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,1/9/2013,509,474,5,13,8>I have been wanting to try a mangonada, so I found this place near my hood!The store is kinda hard to find as it is located in a small and busy plaza! I was lucky enough to get parking right away. The store is pretty much a hole in a wall place that specializes in ice cream and other Mexican desserts! It was jammed packed when I went. The store was filled with families with kids all eager to try their ice cream and other specialties! The wait was long, but not terrible. The ladies that work there are extremely nice as well!I loved their Mangonada! The bottom of the cup was covered in chamoy sauce/syrup(?)  The lady added the flavoring in the cup along with fresh slices of mangoes! The mangoes were then covered with chilli powder and more chamoy sauce to give it that distinct taste that's truly Mexican! it was really good and refreshing! Oh and it's only $4!!! Great alternative to your typical Jamba Juice smoothies! :)Other items on their menu:+ Wide selection of ice cream flavors! (coconut, cheese, elote, lemon... etc!)+ They sell the Mexican chips here! They cut the bag of chips open and drench with with hot sauce and other toppings like jalapenos and etc... [ it looked soooo good, i gotta try it next time]It's also a plus that they accept ATMs here, but they have a $5 minimum! I can't wait till summer comes around!!! I shall return!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,6/14/2011,615,556,17,19,18>Since last night, I can think of nothing bundt cakes.I was lucky enough to find a box of these babies at my doorstep and have not been able to stop eating them since. A box of 16 super mini bundts (think cupcake-size) in four flavors means there's no room for boredom. It's like the diet-ruining fairy came just when my will power was at an all-time low! BUT - these are more than worth it.More moist than any specialty cupcake, they are A-MAY-ZING!Lightly frosted in their signature NBC cream cheese-based frosting, they didn't overwhelm this cake-lover.Having now eaten the chocolate chocolate chip (dark cake with chips), the red velvet (red cake with chips), the lemon (lemon cake) and the white chocolate raspberry, I'm ready to pop. Try the red velvet and the white chocolate raspberry and your search for the perfect cake will be complete.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,6/13/2011,339,280,16,14,9>OMG the memories at this place! My friends and I used to come here all the time after clubbing. They were one of the few restaurants that were open that late.  The food here is so delicious, maybe because every time I went I was pretty drunk. But I guess they had a huge fight that broke out here a long time ago and had to remodel. Thank you to the people who fought here because this place looks so much better since the remodel. The service here is horrible most of the time but I will not rate them on their service, just because I didn't expect great service here to begin with.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,6/12/2011,115,109,8,10,8>Best Mongolian BBQ (all you can eat) I've EVER HAD IN MY LIFE! I love coming here. There's plenty of meats, veggies, always fully stock and fresh. The cooks cook very fast, and the food tastes great EVERYTIME. The service is fantastic, they are always kind and quick. I LOVE IT HERE!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,6/11/2011,192,216,11,12,9>This is truly one place I encourage my little boy to "bounce" off the walls!!! We've been here just a couple of times, but every time I seem to enjoy it just as much as him. Since he's only 2 years old, I have to "assist" him through the fun bouncy playhouses! yea, I mean...I'm there to support him. hehehe ;-) My son loves the challenges of climbing up the stairs by himself, he's mastered his balance, has NO FEAR! and seems to laugh (with Daddy) the entire time there. Mommy's always behind the camera taking photos! I really like the closed off back area for the very little ones ONLY. That way I'm not too scared my boy will get squashed by the other big kids. The Bounce-A-Rama staff is great! Always helpful, happy, and patient. They even protect & oversee our valuables while attending a birthday party in the special rooms! Attn: Parents, Teach your kids NOT to cut in line and to COVER their mouths when coughing!!! Thank you!!!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,6/10/2011,655,394,19,10,9>True Story:I was driving over the 17 with my bf Sean, and for a good 10 minutes we were drooling over the thought of stopping in Campbell for some yummy Psycho Donuts."ok! we'll stop by on our way home after christmas in the park!"so we park on third and san carlos and as we hop out of the car, I seriously couldn't contain my drooling when I saw a poster on the wall that had a donut on it. "I WISH I HAD PSYCHO DONUTS RIGHT NOW!"and as if a genie had heard me, when we rounded the corner...OMGWTFBBQ A PSYCHO DONUTS ESTABLISHMENT POPPED OUT OF NOWHERE AND SITUATED ITSELF RIGHT IN FRONT OF MY FACE!!!i think i screamed. I don't remember but my jaw was on the floor and my eyes were nearly popped out of my skull. Sean had to pick me off the ground and take me inside and calm me down.I ordered the vegan raspberry donut and scarfed it down in a few bites. soooo yummy! it was quite tart and full of flavor. The raspberry icing and toppings were very sugary and it was like sugar crystal explosions in my mouth.this store is roomier and has plenty more seating spaces and merchandise available, but not quite the same sort of original psycho-inducing atmosphere as the original campbell location.GENIES ARE REAL!!!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,6/9/2011,389,207,6,13,11>Damn right, 5 stars!Sure, this store is compact and stuffy and crowding with instruments. What can you do? The musician is starving! LOL.Last year, I bought a previously-owned Gemeinheardt 3HB flute from here and that's how I learned how awesome this place is.So one day last year, I walk in this store which kinda looks nothing like a musician store from the outside. Someone told me that they have good deals on rentals and rent-to-own musical instruments. Staff is on their feet here and there (mostly dudes with piercings, tattoos and ear piercing larger than your mommy's belly piercing...LOL) assisting customers and although appearing stoned and not showered for a god-knows-how-long, sounding very knowledgable and accommodating.That's rockstar, if you ask me.So I get directed to the wind instrument room and all their flutes and clarinets are stored in a central location, all looking so bright and ready for a good blow ( hehe ). One of the staff soon arrives and gives me information about their flutes, both used and brand-new. He was straight-forward and honest about the descriptions and not sounding like them peeps who just want to sell something for the day. If only I can remember his name! Describing him will be futile because they all look alike! LOL. He took the time to discuss with this ignorant dame, the difference and the pros and cons of this and that. I told him that that day may I may not get the flute yet but give it a few days' deliberation. He didn't show any sign of dismay. He said that it was all good and just to come back when I have decided. So rental can be directed to own. A big fraction of the rent goes to payment of the instrument if the renter decides to keep it. In a matter of 2-3 days, I was back at Starving Musician and picked up the instrument. They gave me a wad of payment coupons to use for my monthly dues and the transaction was fast.When the payment days came by, I would either drop by the store or call it in. Staff is never rude or snotty.Simple as that!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,6/8/2011,564,356,15,18,16>I am really thinking this might be my new sushi place! I kept running into reviews for this place while trolling through Yelp and thought, why not? So I grabbed ECA (Emotionally Charged/Controlling Asian) and said "Let's do it... But you pay!" (He owed me anyway from being schooled at Connect 4... ahem.... 10 times). The place was completely packed for an early Thursday night - it's a bit too cramped for me personally. We decided to go with Out of Control roll, Charisma roll, Flying Dragon roll, another random roll (can't remember name) and Salmon nigri. OMF%&*% Gosh it was all so yummy! I liked every roll - all fresh and tasty! I definitely had to pat myself on the back for picking out the rolls. Price wise - this place is an extremely good deal; he ended up only paying about 50 for 4 rolls, nigri and 3 sakes and 2 beers - seriously a great deal!One issue: Don't leave the damn front door wide open when its 30 degrees outside... Are you trying to lose customers? I think ECA had to shut the door 7 times to keep me from turning blue!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,6/7/2011,1114,1200,9,13,11>These empanadas are lovely! Lightly baked (not fried) with puffy, fluffy and flaky shells. Good combination of fillings that are tasty yet not overly cheesy or greasy. The empanadas are much smaller than what I expect. It was rather hard to gauge how much to order. At the end I had about five of those delicious little pockets. I wasn't hungry but certainly have room for more food. I think about half a dozen per person would be a decent light meal. I have tried everything they have on the menu except for the veggie one which they ran out. I like the sausage, beef tri tip, corn and cheese and onions the most. Oh yeah, the sweet banapple as a dessert was excellent as well. The empandadas are baked to order so they are always fresh of the oven. Pretty good joint to eat if you happen to be in downtown SJ. Trubates is still running the $10 for $20 deal for this place as of today. Be sure to pick up your coupon if you plan to eat here.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,6/6/2011,879,323,14,23,17>Usually, I tell people that when you go to a Vietnamese restaurant, you should order their specialty... and usually, that specialty is in the name of the restaurant.  But this one is a little trickster!  The name of the restaurant says Bun Bo Hue, which is definitely good here.  However, their specialty is their Banh Beo!!We ordered Banh Beo, Banh Ram It, Banh Nam, Banh Bot Loc, and Cha Hue.  I'm not going to describe them all, but at the very least,  I'll describe two.   Banh Beo: small plates of rice flour goodness, covered in dried shrimp.  Pour some fish sauce on it, and enjoy.  This dish is one of the many central Vietnamese popularities, and my family and I have had it here since I was just a toddler.  Also, Banh Ram It is always a crowd favorite at any restaurant that carries it:  crispy fried bottom, sticky rice flour based top, with shrimp and pork.  Again, cover with fish sauce, and enjoy.If you feel like being adventurous with Vietnamese food outside of Pho, this hole-in-wall is a great option.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,6/5/2011,426,165,10,15,13>"Foamed leaves and hearts for your coffee's desire."Okay, so i came here looking for a coffee shop that makes great coffee but with an artistic twist. I found it! The workers here are extremely friendly. They laughed out loud after hearing how I only wanted coffee that has a cool leaf on top. The friendly workers offered to even put an extra foam heart on top :)  , so i exchanged smiles and happily took my coffee for tasting. It was delicious! Smooth and sweet, made from the "heart". They even put it in a real ceramic cup (unless you're taking it to go).The environment of this coffee shop is really peaceful. Plenty of seats and friendly faces to calm even the most stressful of hard workers. I found myself at ease when i left the coffee shop, happy, and calm. I highly recommend going here for all you coffee lovers, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,5/11/2013,114,158,6,11,8>The bourbonzola burger is really tasty here; the Bourbon sauce is what makes it awesome.  We usually ask for 2 extra Bourbon sauces.  The burger comes with fries, and you can ask them to ask garlic on top of the fries which makes it tastier.  The kobe burger was good, but I prefer the bourbonzola burger; I think it might just be the sauce that wins me over.  The pretzel appetizer comes with 2 large pretzels and a bowl of dipping cheese. If you get the pretzel, don't get the spinach dip, because the cheesy dip that comes with the pretzel is like the same as the cheesy spinach dip.  The fried calamari is okay as well as the starter tacos and chicken tenders; these 3 were not something I would order again.  They weren't bad, but I need to prioritize my stomach space for the tastier food.  The chicken quesadilla was decently good but nothing special.  I just recommend getting the nachos (which is good and huge!), bourbonzola burger, pretzels, and beer.The lemon drop here is strong even during happy hour.  You can really taste the vodka.  The beers are pretty tasty.  I like the white ale and the seasonal fireman ale.  My boyfriend likes the IPA, which is not too bitter here to me as other IPAs I tried.Happy hour is awesome.  Wed has happy hour all day. M,T,Th, F 3-6 PM and M-F 10 PM to closing is happy hour too.  $6 cocktails, $2 off beers, $5 and $7 appetizers.  There's some other stuff on happy hour too, such as wine.The service was great tonight.  We told our waiter that we wanted happy hour, so he prepared a table outside on the patio for us even though the hostess was telling him not to give us a table outside (because you can only get happy hour deals in the bar area or on the patio).  They set up 2 heaters outside for us and offered to bring out a 3rd heater for our party, but we were warm enough with 2 heaters to dine outside in the cool brisk January nighttime weather.  Our server outside was really nice and joked around with us.  We asked for certain modifications to our orders (cut into 4 pieces and add garlic), and our dishes came out the way we wanted them.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,5/10/2013,392,181,7,10,10>The most brilliant of brilliant ideas. Why hasn't this idea been thought of ages ago? Collaborate with awesome food trucks, park them in a VTA  lot and sell incredible food to food patrons everywhere?! It's kind of a great idea.Aside from following tweets and facebook statuses of well known food trucks in the bay area, I also watch the cooking channel (eat St.) and hear from others to learn more about these mobile food trucks. From a friend, I heard about the Chairman truck in SF. Following their facebook page, that led to knowing their location close to me in SJ. And in a VTA lot no less! From there, tons of food trucks offering a delectable variety from appetizers to desserts and everything in between. I had a chance to try the Taiwanese pork belly buns from Chairman. I have to say that it was not what I was expecting! I had low expectations but the bun blew me away. Far away. It was like I was in another realm of tasty food land. The flavors were intense, complimentary and intricate. I loved the savory sweetness of each bite. Devoured in three bites. Fab.Next on my list of to-try was the Grilled Cheese bandits. And seriously. That was just an amazing experience, in a very nostalgic sort of way. Their grilled cheeses are done up in a variety of ways with complimenting flavors to choose from. I also had a side of the mashed potato tots which were just incredible - mashed up tater tots molded into a ball, deep fried and rolled in sour cream and onion (or chives) powder. It tasted like Ruffles's in ball form. Really great. This truck served up some really awesome comfort food done in a spectacularly tasteful way. I would come back again and again. Patron for life. Five freaking stars Grilled Cheese Bandits.I should have ended my night with some ice cream or cupcakes but that is for another Friday night.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,5/9/2013,285,153,5,8,9>This is the taqueria that time forgot. You'd be entirely forgiven if you've driven past this decrepit old shopping center every day of your life and never noticed there was a taqueria here. You'd actually be forgiven if you felt compelled to look away ... this shopping center has to be one of the most depressing places on the planet!I actually live very close to this location and I've been curious to know what they're all about. The creepy shell of Zorba the Greek looms nearby and might frighten away the less adventurous among us. A quick check in the Yelp app on my phone revealed that this place is legit.So since there is absolutely no decor or ambiance to discuss, we'll skip straight to the food..I ordered two super tacos, one with carnitas and one with al pastor. The super taco comes wrapped in two corn tortillas with beans, cheese, pico de gallo and whole slices of avocado. I'm always a sucker for hefty portions of avocado or avocado related sauces, so they won me over right away. The super tacos remind me a lot of what you'd see nearby at Adelita's and might even be better. Both of my tacos were excellent and they served them up quickly.Bottom line, this place rocks the taco like few can. Never judge a book by its cover and blah blah clichés about awful looking places, etc, etc ... Get your tacos to go and seek out prettier surroundings.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,5/8/2013,88,211,6,4,5>We stopped by Thea about 3 months ago, and here I am reviewing it now. You may be asking, "how can you have something to say after three months?" to which I respond with "yeah, well you're a doo doo head." Point: Me.We ordered a variety of appetizers, including:- Saganaki- Spanikopita- SamplerIt was an SSS day! That stands for "Small Sample Size" in baseball. It's a term you should be familiar with if you're one to overreact in sports. Looking at you, men.En E Way, all I remember is thinking that this place was underrated, and that the water was absolutely delicious, and that the bathrooms were immaculate. Also, the service was spectaculeftusalone. That's the best kind of service - the kind of service where you give us our food, and then go away because our food is fine like we told you the first time.I believe some wine was also consumed, and... yes. That's about it. Better than its Yelp rating would lead you to believe. It's score is only hurt by the prices ($12 for Saganaki is specterrible) and the portion sizes, which were smallish.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,5/7/2013,190,161,10,9,7>"Love" is not good enough to describe my feelings for this place. For Thanksgiving, I make lobster mac n' cheese every year. When I lived in Boston, good lobster was very easy to find. Unfortunately, ever since I moved here to California, I had to settle with a $10/piece frozen lobster tails. Until... I found this place.My friend's dad told me about this place, and I decided to check it out with a bit of skepticism (from my previous experiences with lobsters here). After a man greeted me and asked me what I wanted, I was taken into this room full of lobsters, LITERALLY filled with tanks after tanks of lobsters. Fresh. Maine. Lobsters.I asked the man to show me the big ones, and they were wayyy too big for me. So I asked him for something a little bit smaller - it  was still big enough. The man weighted the lobsters and said, "$10."Excuse me? I just got 2 HUGE, LIVE Maine lobsters. Did he mean.. $100? Cause then I hate this place and I'm walking out. But no, he really meant $10. So.. I ended up buying two JUICY, FRESH lobsters for my mac n cheese for $10. The cheeses I put in the mac n cheese came out to be way more expensive. Yeap. This is magic.I also explored the place a little bit and found a HUGE room full of live crabs. You know what I'll be going for next. Oh I hear the oysters are awesome too. They will be mine soon, too.But seriously... I love this place.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,5/6/2013,289,325,4,4,4>If you want some of the best hue cuisine from central Vietnam, this place carries the crown here in the Southbay. The only reason I'm not giving my review 5 stars is because of cleanliness. It's a straight up "hole in the wall" joint so don't expect modernize decor.The most popular dish and my favorite has to be the Banh Beo (rice cake). They come out each individually in small little plates and I was addicted! I recommend eating it together with the Cha Hue (pork patty) to enhance the flavor. The Banh Nam (steamed flat rice dumplings) and Banh Bot Loc (vietnamese ravioli) was also tasty and I enjoyed it. The Mi Quang (yellow noodle) which is also another popular dish that I see people ordering was pretty good and refreshing.I recommend coming here if you want good authenticate Vietnamese food from the central. Just make sure you are willing to go down and dirty with your food.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,5/5/2013,468,92,6,10,6>My sister and her husband bought a loft here and they love it. It is a pet friendly community, and it's nice that there is a park with an open grassy area right across the street. Which is perfect for walking her dog. On certain days, some people get together with their dogs and hang out. That way their dogs have friends to play with! They gym has really nice equipment. It is gated, so strangers won't be lurking around your neighborhood! The location is great. It's walking distance to Cal-Train. There is also a shuttle nearby that my sister takes to work so she doesn't have to drive. Minutes from HP pavilion and downtown San Jose.The only thing I dislike is parking. There is nowhere to park when I visit. Also the number of parking spots you get depend on how many rooms you have. She has one parking space. Her husband parks inside the garage and my sister had to purchase a year pass to park on the street. She's forgotten to put the pass up three times, three tickets = $140! Ahh I know that's her fault, but that just blows!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,5/4/2013,255,170,10,19,19>Being a Veteran, I feel its still my duty to try attend dedications, or any other veteran function that the city or state does. When your here, take a moment to read the names on the "wall".Nearly half a century later, an elegant hunk of black granite, etched with local names, might help the public finally honor those soldiers. Unlike today's revered soldiers, Vietnam era warriors were not lauded as heroes and had precious few chances to become revered figures in the public eye. Their sacrifices were shrouded in protests and shame.The location isn't the best. There are several "vagrants" or what I call mutants that wonder the area.Parking next the Shark Tank is best.Remember the 142 "Sons of San Jose" who lost their lives during the Vietnam War. These young men gave the ultimate sacrifice in order for us to continue to live in the land of the free and the home of the brave. Ronald Lee Aleshire Jimmie Marron Alvarez Warren Lester Anderson Joseph Antognini III Alonso Aragon Jr. Stephen Anthony Balters Jr. Jeffrey Thomas Beardsley Robert Eugene BeaumontLeslie Allen Bellrichard Thomas Howard Bergren Raymond Bernal Jr.Thomas George Brocker Kermit Edward Burkey Michael Edward Burns Gary William Butler Charles Byrd George J. Carrillo Jr. Timothy Michael Carroll Jackie Charles CarterManuel Angel Castillo Gerald Cervantes Armando Chapa Jr. Roberto Cobarrubias James Miles Combs Christopher Corwin Cook William Donald Cook Jr.Richard James Coston Jimmy Douglas Curry Kenneth Alan DahlDavid Michael Davison Thomas Joe Dawson Jr. Louis Scott Di BariWolf-Dieter Dietz Juan Leon Guerrere Duenas Richard Monroe DykeJoseph Escamilla Jaime EsquivelGerald Francis Filippi Edwardo Flores Richard Allan Forbes William Holt Fowler III Bruce Gary Friel Richard Garza Jr. Kenneth Gilbert Gellerman Robert Gonzales Michael John Grecu Scott Craig Griswold Dallas George Grundy Phillip O. Guillen Ernest Lemas Gutierrez Robert Ralph Hammer John Lewis Harley Dean Allen Harris Robert Earl Harris Michael Maxwell Hatzell Dan David Hayes Glenn Elden Heflin James Reeve Heimbold Leroy Hensley Robert Francis Hinkston Melvin Douglas Holcomb Fred Lee Hottinger Howard Eugene Hurst John William Irving Jr. Robert Allen Jans Robert Stevens Jernberg Larry Michael Jordan Theodore C Kappmeyer Daniel Duane Keyes Michael George Kindred Loyd Eugene Kinsworthy John Michael Koenig Walter Koeppe Jr. Russell Walter Krill Jeffery David Kuersten Marion Dominic La Rosa Joseph Ledesma John Edward Lopez Jr. Chester George Lyons Cesar Jabonillo Mamon William A. Mansergh Jr. Ernesto Martinez Robert Susumu Masuda John Albert McGehee William David McGivern Richard Harold McGuire David Phillip Medina Rudolph Melendez Joseph Louis Mendoza Michael Mereno Robert Gail Miller Angelo Raymond Morales Carlos Garcia Munoz Tony Valdez Nastor Kenneth Lawrence Neal Steve Masao Ohara Jack Coleman Owens William Allen Palenske Richard Michael Patrick Raymond Allan Petersen Donald Ray Phipps John Richard Poso Timothy Cole Proudfoot Miguel Angel Puentes Alex Leon Quiroga John Arthur Ramirez Lynn Murray Randall Rudolph Sotelo Renteria Duane Lawrence Richard Jose Anto Rivera-Bermudez William S. Robertson III Floyd Irwin Robinson Joe Ignacio Rodriguez Gilbert Ruiz David Frank Santa-Cruz Gilbert Serrano Samuel Arthur Sharp Jr. David Howard Shoemaker Rosendo Flores Silbas Charles Lenet Smith James Douglas Smith John Calvin Smith Matthew Edward Smith Eusebio Solis Kenneth Lyle Spitzer Daniel Edwin Strobbe Jon Tasch Kenneth Carl Titsworth Grady Thomas Triplett Richard Lee Trisler Homer Urrabazo Patrick John Vasquez Jose Louis Vieras Donald James Wade George Allen Waldron Thomas James Walker Craig Leslie Walton Larry Ellis Williams Donald Ray Williamson Dennis Harold Wright Murray John Wyman Augusto Maria XavierThank you for reading.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,5/3/2013,301,336,13,13,11>"Money is tight. I'm seeing a lot less sushi this year than I've seen in a long time." ~Joan SteinbergI must be a philistine. I recently found out I've been eating sushi incorrectly for the past 15 years. Did you know you're not supposed to put globs of wasabi in your soy sauce? You did? Man, I AM a philistine. Did you also know that you probably shouldn't be using the wasabi at all? Any good sushi chef will apply the wasabi for you before you eat it. Oh, and the biggest mindfuck of them all? That wasabi we've been talking about? IT ISN'T EVEN WASABI! It's horseradish powder, mustard and green food coloring! Look it up. There are very few sushi restaurants that actually serve real wasabi, it's just too damn expensive.Akira is my favorite sushi restaurant in Santa Cruz. Not only are they named after the best comic book in existence, they're also named after a fantastic movie director! The space is clean with slate grey walls adorned with rotating works of local artists. People complain about the music being too loud, but I've never had an issue with that. They play a pretty good mix of indie rock and that makes me happy. The owners are SF Giants fanatics so there's usually a game on the television over the small sushi bar. Akira offers an early and late happy hour where drinks, appetizers, rolls and entrees are all discounted! you can't beat less money for more food, amirite?Without fail, I always order the Kama- the grilled hamachi or salmon cheek. Ask your server which is better at the moment then order it! The Kama is served on a bed of raw veggies with a delectable ponzu sauce. I seriously dream about this dish! The fish is usually perfectly cooked and incredibly tender and sweet. It's a great opener for Akira's fantastic selection of sashimi, nigiri, and inventive maki. You can pretty much open the menu, close your eyes, and point to something delicious. I've probably had 10-12 different maki at Akira and the flavors are always outstanding and the fish has always been fresh.I'm getting hungry writing this.Tetsuuuoooo!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,5/2/2013,655,394,9,13,9>This is where I went to start off my birthday celebrations! I wanted a place that provided good happy hour deals, but still provided food options. My friend suggested this place, so we decided to go for it.This restaurant is located in the middle of Valley Fair, on the downstairs level right next to MAC. The interior is very chic and modern, clean and bright with a lot of lights.For happy hour deals, the drinks can't be beat. They are tasty and very reasonably priced. I had the Guava Cosmos (their most popular cocktail), and the pomegranate oryzajito. Both were delicious, super girly, and pretty strong-just the way i like them lolI also had a tasting of their sangria roja, and cucumber mojito-both delicious and well-made.As for happy hour food, this is where it's hit or miss. You can order a plate for $5, or combine it with a drink for $7. Not bad, but the portions can really be taken into account better. When bought as a combo, some plates are TINY! For example, the spring rolls that come as a combo only give you THREE tiny pieces! I'm talking about, if you lined the 3 pieces together as if they were uncut, it would not even be the size of 1 full uncut spring roll. The tofu bites were also tiny. The chicken wings and the curry&roti dish looked to be fairly priced for the amount given.Service here was amazing. Our server was super chatty and was enjoying our table. He didn't even care when we kept bugging him about the music and asked what every song was. They were playing this super loungy, relaxing music. He eventually came back and said that it was a pandora station under the station "Lounge Music" hahaWhen he found out it was my birthday, he hooked me up with a GIANT birthday dish! Other restaurants give you a smalls coop of ice cream or a tiny slice of cake. They gave me a giant plate of Foster's Banana Bread pudding, topped with glazed banana slices and peanut brittle. *droooool* They of course added a small birthday candle on top!Unfortunately, being vegan, could not eat my own birthday dessert. So my server apologized that they did not have a vegan offering, but brought out extra spoons and we turned it into a community birthday dessert. I took pictures, blew out the candle, and let my drooling friends scarf down the dessert faster than I was getting buzzed off of their cosmos.Oryza was the perfect way to start off my birthday celebrations. Nothing crazy, just a relaxed environment with close friends, good drinks, and a small bite to eat.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,6/18/2012,736,863,9,17,16>I have upped the rating for Cao Nguyen, because their food is just too delicious. They are truly good at what they do and you can't go wrong, when everyone who I've recommended this place to, has either fallen in love with it or become addicted to it. Even my parents love coming here on their I-don't-feel-like-cooking days. The food is as authentic as it can get and the servers are personable and friendly. It isn't a fancy restaurant, but that doesn't matter, as long as they are clean and as long as they keep serving great food.My all-time favorite dishes for family-style dining is now the suon rim man (caramelized pork spareribs), canh chua ca bong lau (Vietnamese sweet and sour catfish soup), and rau muong xao toi (sauteed water spinach with garlic). The rau muong xao toi is a seasonal dish, as the vegetable isn't always in season, so whenever it isn't in season, I'll opt for another sauteed veggie dish. They are all great. These are my all-time favorite dishes because they are so very well prepared. The spareribs (yelp.com/biz_photos/IMeb) are very well seasoned and caramelized. It's delicious paired with rice and soup. The soup is also very flavorful and includes all of the ingredients that is supposed to be in it. Some places leave some vegetables out, which makes the soup incomplete.I've also tried the porridge here and was impressed. Some places have their specialties, but Cao Nguyen is really good at making everything. It is hard to believe, but I've tried so many things here and it has all tasted good and that is what I love about them. There is a little bit of everything for everyone here, so what are you waiting for?! Go have some authentic Vietnamese food here--you won't regret it!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,6/17/2012,405,477,6,9,7>Nobody likes having to be the sober driver, thanks to Caltrain nobody has to be. Going to the city from the south bay can be a hassle, especially for Giants games. Caltrain makes the trip painless and drops you off less than a mile from AT&T Park (4th street station). Tickets are $8.75 one way to SF, or $18 for an all day pass. The best thing about Caltrain? You can drink alcohol on the trains. Considering the weekend trains take 1:35 to go from Santa Clara to SF you will definitely want to grab a drink or two for the trip.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,6/16/2012,1117,183,9,16,15>This place is inspiring.  It is a completely new realm of cuisine for me and the flavors here are so dynamic that I have been here twice within a week.  Eating vegan does not come naturally to me.  I work in the service industry where, to be honest vegans are not received well.  Perhaps, I didn't understand the values for eating vegan, or maybe it was that I felt like is was way too constrictive. Recently, however, I feel like I have found a new appreciation for the lifestyle and realize just how healthy and life changing it can be.  It's sad to hear that some Cafe Gratitudes had to close down, but I will relish the one in Santa Cruz.  It has amazing food, a chill vibe and is overall a complete asset to the Santa Cruz community.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,6/15/2012,878,405,19,23,23>They had me at... "Brought to you by Little Star Pizza"It's great to see downtown Campbell thrive.  And with the addition of BLP, Campbell just got even better.  Actually the entire South Bay finally got better...in the Chicago-style pizza department.  Little Star happens to be my favorite deep dish pizza in San Francisco/Bay Area.  So, it's very exciting to finally have BLP in my neck of the woods.  Yeah, there's Zachary's and Patxi's....but LSP was that place that transformed me into a person that NOW likes deep dish.   And Blue Line did not disappoint!We started with the Bacon and Blue salad, knowing that our deep dish could take a while to cook. Salad was good, although I'd probably ask for more bacon if I ordered it again.We had the Blue Line Deep Dish (aka...the Little Star) which is the actual pie that got me hooked....blame it on their infamous cornmeal crust and spinach, feta, garlic, and mushrooms.  On our first visit, we added sausage to this pie (Brass Monkey) and I was happy all over again.  For thin crust, we ordered the White Pie.  I was hoping for a more crispier crust throughout, but the taste just blew me away with garlic-infused olive oil, roasted zucchini, tomatoes, and feta.  With that taste, I thought I was in San Francisco for a second there.  And the loud atmosphere helped that thought too.  Having BLP here just might make me stay in the South Bay more.  With very friendly and attentive service, a nice drink list, and exceptional (LS) pies....I could only see this place flourish into something greater.  Perhaps the best pizza in the South Bay.  Keep up the great work, Blue Line!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,6/14/2012,169,318,1,11,4>THANK YOU YELPERS!For helping me find my new favorite nail salon! I was in the area and did a quick yelp search for high rated nail salons that were near by and Kayla's nails popped up. I get my nails done pretty frequently... So I have pretty high standard expectations on what I want and how I want it. Price is important especially because I find myself  getting a mani & pedi every 10 days or so and finding a good place that does it for under $30 is amazing! I love Kayla's nails for more than just the good price. The staff are so friendly and conversational. They were extremely accommodating and did an amazing job on my friend and I. They exceeded my expectations for a cheap mani/pedi- good massages on hands and feet, hot stone massage, and good massage chairs! lovelovelove!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,6/13/2012,81,46,6,8,6>OMG....(yelp.com/biz_photos/jKym ) Like most reviews you have to have the burnt almond cake it's one of the best things in the world. When I went they gave you an extra slice if you mentioned Yelp. It looks like the deal has changed now but no matter still worth a taste. Also as a note you can special order burnt almond cupcakes. Stop in say hi to the super friendly staff and get a slice of burnt almond cake. Don't forget to tell them you read about it on Yelp.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,6/12/2012,163,368,3,8,6>Woohoo!! Willow Glen has a chocolate shop! Ok, ok, technically it has Powell's. But that's a candy shop.  We're talking gourmet chocolate!  So, I heard about this place a couple of weeks ago on the Willow Glen Charm Facebook page and was instantly excited at the idea of a local chocolatier.  But there was no exact opening date. I had to stay on it.  So for a brief moment today, a picture appeared on my timeline of some ladies in what looked like a chocolate shop.  No announcement or other text accompanied this post.  I was intrigued. Ok, a little more than intrigued. I instantly started planning how I could get over there. So I googled it and found there was already a website that listed store hours.  This place has been open for days and I didn't even know??  I rushed over there so I could get in on the action.I walked in as someone was wrapping up their purchase and was greeted by the super-friendly owner.  We instantly started talking chocolate: dark vs. light, fruits, flavors, sea salt, etc. All the while, I was drooling over their many displays of chocolates.  She gave me a tour (quick because the place isn't huge) and filled me in on the sugar-free options, fruit dipped, traditional truffles, etc.  I was a kid in a candy store except I didn't have parents restricting what I could buy. Woohoo!I really didn't hold back... I just started picking out chocolates, grabbed a box of dark chocolate caramels with sea salts and was set.  My box was filled to the brim.  Oh, and you have peanut brittle too? Throw it in!  The best surprise of all... I didn't break the bank.  For how much chocolate I picked up and the quality, it was an awesome price.  I paid just over $20 for at least a dozen individual gourmet chocolates, a 6 pack of salted caramels, and some brittle.   Ummm... this could be bad news for the diet.  Ok, now you want to know about taste?  Delicious! She gave me a sample of one of the orange peels in the shop and I've already started 'testing' out the flavors I picked out.  Oh... and the peanut brittle is long gone. Ok, this really will be bad news for the diet.  But I'm happy to see another local small business in the area that offers a great product and friendly service.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,6/11/2012,490,412,15,17,17>I would not have eaten here today, given the proximity of the more famous Chavez supermarket next door which always delivers a good deal.  Alas, Gina C's ROTD, plus it was my turn to drive my workmates to lunch, inspired me to give it a try.  And I'm glad I did.Sink your teeth into the crunchy fish burrito like I did, and discover a burrito that does not skimp on the meat.  Each bite was treated to a taste of the flaky and crispy hot white fish, accompanied by rice and lettuce.  Most places call them fish burritos and they should be lettuce burritos, but not here.Buy one drink, refill as much as your bladder will hold, and that does include the horchata and aguas frescas.  Salsa bar is a nice touch, come back as often as you need to because you have unlimited drink to put the fire out.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,6/10/2012,2,247,6,18,10>Are you kidding me?! A market with great, fresh produce, Mexican specialities, Asian specialties, and it's in my hood on the East Side!  Uhh-mazzingSo, I had spotted this little gem while driving down Cap Ex and had no idea what it was. Walked in needing groceries, hoping they had groceries, and was more than pleasantly surprised. It immediately hit me that this is a dope mix between a Mexican market and Asian market with the best of both worlds. Expect a market with plenty of Asian variety like fresh fish, specific Asian greens, sauces, and practically everything you could want. Then expect a Mexican market with plenty of fresh made products, specialty items you'd have to hit up a traditional Mexicano store for.  Sometimes people(including myself) carry the misconception that non-chain store markets can be pricier. Nothing can be further from the truth. I will be making a conscious effort to shop  independently and support local business. This is exactly the type of place I'd rather frequent and give my money to. I suggest you consider the same. The produce was far superior to any chain supermarket I've been to. The pricing was better. And they had a great variety, including plenty of organic choices. To add, they have a bulk food bin section which had some amazing things I had only found at a large chain "healthy" supermarket before(I'll avoid names). To add to the coolness and matching the variety of the market, there is also a "food court" inside with a few different food choices to satisfy most everyone. This will certainly be my new "go to" spot. I'd much rather support locally owned businesses and see markets like this delivering quality produce and goods at a GREAT price!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,6/9/2012,259,319,8,10,8>Singaporean huh? Well let me start by saying I've always wanted to try this restaurant based on the statue alone. It's a landmark of Stevens Creek, I must'e driven passed it about 50 times.Dear Roti Prata, You are so on point.Every dish here can be subbed with tofu so if you're with a picky vegetarian, this could be the place for you. Spices and heat can be adjusted to preference. Peanuts are optional. The restaurant overall decor is nice, I like the open kitchen and at night they get the place pretty crackin'! I came to the restaurant on a Wednesday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all yet the service was still kinda slow. I think there was only one server on so I'm not gonna judge the whole staff based on one sour lemon. If you haven't tried Merlion yet, check it out TONIGHT!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,4/2/2014,155,104,8,16,12>Great place to visit on all occasions! Chinese/Vietnamese New Year, Christmas, Thanksgiving etc. Although Christmas isn't really a Buddhist holiday, I went with family for Christmas this year and was welcomed to eat lunch with the monks. They acknowledged this holiday and also announced that people of all religions are welcome to their monastery.First time coming here from San Jose (North of this Monastery), and we took the "old" road there. Our GPS showed us the "quickest" way there, but really it's the slowest way there. If you're planning to take Redwood Retreat road and Mt Madonna road to Summit road Its through the forest with thin, undivided two-direction roads that seems to only fit one car's width at a time. In addition, some hikers and bicyclists might be taking those same roads. It's much SAFER to take 101S and then 152W to get to Pole Line Rd/Summit Rd.Lunch is free but the monastery predominantly depends on donations to keep their practice alive. Lunch is vegetarian but definitely filling! During lunchtime, you will be eating with monks, so they ask you to turn off your phones, eat silently and sit to face the monks. It's more their tradition than anything, so its nothing personal!!The monks are really nice and often translate in English before they speak in Vietnamese for their announcements. I was able to talk to one of the main elderly monks who spoke fluent English and Vietnamese, and threw out some jokes here and there! Pretty chill people.Definitely stop by the gift shop. Honestly, most items are pretty cheap! Small palm-sized statues of Zodiac animals, fish, elephants, Buddha and so forth might come to be about $4 each. They also sell English and Vietnamese books, and a lot by Thich Nhat Hanh, a famous Zen Buddhist.I will definitely come again in the future! They have many events during the year and have a pamphlet about their events. Construction is being undergone at the side of the main building, so I cannot wait to come back when it's done!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,4/1/2014,73,147,10,19,14>Need a notary public? This place is it, $5 per signature, no frills no hoops. You bring in your documents, filled in appropriately, hand over your ID and have the Notary check the document, *stamp*sign* and you're on your way. Doesnt get any easier than that. No appointment needed, and usually if you come early you're in and out. They also can fax your documents and do passport pics if you need.Shoot... notarizing has never been so easy!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,3/31/2014,53,234,18,22,22>Great location and plenty of parking.  My family and I have been coming here a lot lately since we gave up meat for lent.  For the most part, everything is good.  Once we got a bag of shrimp that was a little bit overcooked but that was it.  We have tried Kicking Style, both mild and spicy, and just garlic and butter for the kids.  Everything was good, especially the corn that marinates in the bag.  If you're really hungry, order the Sweet Potato Fries right when you get seated, that way you'll get it before your meal.  I didn't really care for the Clam Chowder =/
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,3/29/2014,521,325,6,10,8>Philadelphia Roll, Crunch Roll, Yum Roll, Spring Roll, Lion King, Oishi, and Milpitas Roll are a few of my favorites.Sen Dai is one of my favorite restaurants in Milpitas bc of their fresh sushi and affordable prices and for their tempura ice cream! It's my go-to sushi whenever in Milpitas.I haven't been there in a while and I'm kind of craving it :)I have not taken any pictures because I've completely devoured each roll as soon as the plate touched the table. Sorry guys!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,3/28/2014,212,63,17,16,13>--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------TL/DR: Check the pics! Order the ribeye if you like steak. It comes with bone marrow, fries, and pork belly! I'll be back before you can say "lamb chop lollipops give a dog a bone!"--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------Normally I let the food settle a bit, and digest before I hop on yelp and type down the random thoughts bouncing around in that big empty head of mines. But I had this placed bookmarked for the longest time and boy oh boy, did it meet my hungry expectations. We had planned a double date with friends of ours we haven't seen in a loooonnnggg time, and she was able to get us reservations on the same day. SO GLAD we decided to come here instead of BonChon. Don't get me wrong, BonChon fried chicken is some double fried breaded crack goodness, but can't pass up red meats and risotto (and you just got a free plug on another restaurant's page)!We arrived and were greeted and seated by the man himself. Waters were filled and drink orders were taken. Everyone else got water, so being the fun one, I had to get a Lost Abbey Red Barn ale. It was nice, crisp, peppery and had a slight bitter aftertaste,  but sadly, it was another beer I'm allergic to. Makes me break out in punny jokes!We ordered a couple of apps to share and each got an entree.Duck Confit - The duck was tender and wasn't overpowering. The drunken cherries added a nice tart contrast to the savory. The creamy polenta was the unsung hero of the dish. Didn't look too glitzy, but brought the dish together nicely. I DO wish that the skin on the duck was crispy though.Crab Risotto - Creamy and fluffy, without overpowering it with seasoning. This dish allowed the crab to shine through, though a little extra crab couldn't hurt! :DPan Roasted Ribeye - The ladies both ordered this dish. It was served with roasted bone marrow, pommes frites (which is a french for fries!), Italian spiced cauliflower, and braised pork belly. The bone marrow was perfect! I haven't been a fan lately because places either serve it wayyyyy too oily, or it's overseasoned. This one was neither, and made a great dip with the fries. Now, the wife ordered her steak medium well, but still came out so tender and juicy. Blindfolded, I would barely be able to tell it was more than medium.Lamb Chop Lollipops - Can I have some more?! Ordered them cooked medium and they were cooked perfectly. I don't see how they can eff up so many times on Hell's Kitchen cooking lamb chops?! These were melt in your mouth buttery goodness!Sea Bass - I didn't order it, but I'd be damned if I didn't try it! It was nice, flaky, and tasted like wonderful clouds of light, fluffy, buttery fish. MMMM MMMM!Even though we were all stuffed to the brim, me being the fatty ordered the vanilla bean panna cotta. Let me start off by saying I should have ordered 3 because it was devoured immediately like we've all been hiding in a shelter after a nuclear winter and it was the first sign of food we've seen. It was light, creamy, and not too sweet. Our waters were refilled throughout dinner, utensils replaced, and Nick came by several times to check how we were doing.I will be back soon!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/27/2014,293,44,24,27,28>Three numbers: 408. Crushed oreo bits are twirled and spun by silky threads of caramel swirling around the deliciously rich and decadent vanilla-caramel ice cream.Every time we come to San Pedro Square Market, we pick up a pint of 408. Whenever a pint of 408 finds its way to our freezer, it's finished within the week. Any time our freezer is depleted of its vital 408 supply, we go back to SPSM to restore our freezer's health from 0/408 back to 408/408.It's that good!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,3/26/2014,450,430,6,19,16>This appears to be a relative new place on the block. I saw a Yelp checkin special for a free Godzilla roll, and I was in a sushi mood, so how could I resist?The curb view blends with the rest of the block, so I didn't see it right away but after walking in I was greeted by a very friendly staff.The Godzilla roll came out quickly as I waited for the other bits of my order. It was tasty with a nice crunch from the fried exterior. Next up, they brought me a tuna sashimi appetizer with house sauce and bonito shavings. The sauce was soy, sesame oil and maybe liquid smoke? Very tasty.For my nigiri selection I ordered tuna, salmon, uni and spicy scallop. As I was there for a late lunch, I watch out for fish that's a bit on the dry side. Some places are guilty of this but Seven Seas did great all around. The tuna was well cut and had the right kind of "fishy" flavor. The salmon was especially good--with a good bite, a buttery taste and a nutty finish. The uni was top-notch (if you like Uni). The scallops were also good. Sometimes, other places try to get rid of the sub-par scallops by hiding them in a marinade of spicy sauce, as though the diner can't taste through that and tell. These were good quality scallops with a very tasty spicy sauce.Great first visit. Downtown San Jose can be tough on businesses. I hope they do well.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/25/2014,339,830,9,11,10>I gave Jeanne's another chance, and I'm sold!Tina did my gel manicure today and I'm totally in love with my nails. Tina took her time to perfectly shape/file/buff my nails. I liked that she was gentle. She was very friendly and took interest in my life without prying. She was suuuuper patient with me when I had a hard time deciding on a color. I normally can't commit to the same color for more than a week, so we'll see how I do with this gel stuff. I am so happy to say I've found my new go-to nail salon. Jeanne is a sweetheart and i loved that she remembered me even though I had only been in her salon once before. P.S. I'm not sure if it's special grand opening pricing or the normal price, but the gel mani was only $20. I'm quite sure that is an awesome deal. :)
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,3/24/2014,136,162,9,17,11>If you have ever watched seasons of Dexter... then you've also had cravings for Cuban food, like I have. So when I was at Los Cubanos, I felt like I was in the Miami heat, with a fake cuban accent, and an appetite of a football team.I was especially excited to try this place because I love pork...(sorry Kim D.)I went here before the George Strait concert and had fried pork, slow cooked pork, and paella. Yummm.... a winner in my book. They know how to make flavorful food! And if you're a fan of plantains... well this is DEFINITELY the place for you.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,3/23/2014,344,808,5,9,10>So... professional bellydancer here.  I know about falafel, hummus and shawarma.  Trust me.We ordered the hummus plate, chicken shawarma and steak shawarma. All three also come with a thin brothy soup (I want to say it was a lentil soup), which was very fresh and tasty but maybe could have used a touch of salt.  Although it's not your typical shawarma that's shaved from a rotisserie (that i could see anyway)...  I loved the steak, especially the slight cinnamon flavor in the meat marinade... Boyfriend liked the chicken better for it's smokey taste.  Clearly there is something for everyone.  The hummus plate was also good and it's really a meal in itself or a good appetizer for four.    I'm a bit of a falafel snob and these were crispy outside and light on the inside.  Perfect.  I also really loved the baba ganouj for it's smokey eggplant flavor.  (I've always preferred baba ganouj over hummus so YMMV)We did last minute take out, 10 minutes before closing, and it was still good so I'd like to go back when we have some time to do a custom order and see how that is.  I bet it's fantastic.   I will say that the traditional style pita was a little messy to eat so next time we'll probably go with a bowl or a wrap. Overall.. really solid Mediterranean "fast food".  Portions are huge.  Parking is convenient.  Servers were very friendly.  Glad they're in the neighborhood and we will happily return.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2006,12/18/2006,1070,862,3,9,10>Whenever my man wants to make me smile, he brings me something sweet from Pink Stipes. The last time he surprised me, he bought me some organic strawberry jam. It was so good that it was gone in less than a week! This cute boutique is definitely worth stopping by if you happen to be shopping in the area. There are loads of stylish duds here.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2006,12/17/2006,215,383,3,6,4>I will admit I am no expert in Persian food, so this is the White Chick Review. The White Chick loves the fact that the South Bay has all these restaurants that are tucked into a strip mall but are hidden gems. I'd been here for a quick lunch a few times and was pleasantly surprised with how well it transitions to a long, relaxing dinner. There are little booths on the right side of the restaurant which gives it a really private feeling.The chicken is mildly flavored and amazingly tender. Also tried the chopped filet steak - the beef was delicious, and it was paired with bell peppers and onions, but it was a little oily for my taste. Good selection of wines by the bottle, but only a few are available by the glass.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2006,12/16/2006,0,0,3,21,6>After numerous bad experiences with Vietnamese ladies who seem to think that a good brow job is to take almost everything off, I turned to Yelp for help finding the perfect salon. And Yelp has delivered.NTT Skin is amazing. Nellie is impeccably meticulous and makes sure to ask what her clients want before breaking out the wax. I am unbelievably happy with the job that she did. Her prices are totally reasonable as well:$15 for eyebrows$10 for upper lip$10 for chin$30 for arms$40 for back$40 for chest$15 for underarm$25 for bikini line$35 for extensive bikini$45 for brazilian$30 for lower legs$30 for upper legsYou do have to call and make an appointment beforehand. But the plus side is, when you do arrive, everything is ready and waiting.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2006,12/15/2006,440,185,3,7,5>Brrrr.  It's September - where's my freaking "Indian Summer?"  Then again, that means hot pot/shabu shabu season can start.  Yummy!  Food: Portions are pretty generous.  I've gotten the regular size twice now.  And both times I've left feeling the need to roll myself home.  Beyond portion size, since you're cooking your own food, you really can't screw up that badly.  The ingredients are basically fresh, as in the beef is a red color and the vegies are green.  Neither are brown, which is good in my opinion.Service: Shabuway has got the system down.  They take your order while you're waiting for your table - which on a Saturday night at 7:30 took only about 10 minutes.  I guess taking your order really isn't that complicated - there's basically regular size and large size.  You can get vegetarian, but it's Shabu Shabu, you're there for the beef!  Plus, they refill your water regularly, and sitting at the bar, there's always someone walking back and forth who will see you when you flag them down.Atmosphere: The restaurant is well ventilated - very important - and has a nice red/black Japanese bento box feel.  It's a nice place to go and hang out - date or with friends - because it's an interactive eating/cooking experience.  Lots of seats at the bar - if it's just two of you, it's better than yelling across a table.  I like their logo too.  It's cute.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2006,12/14/2006,849,1374,5,9,5>Park on the other side of MIssion College Blvd. and walk already if the lot is so crowded. What's with all the hate?Everything I've tried at Amarin has been, as Gordon Ramsey would say, spot on. The cashew chicken with mango is served in a hollowed out mango shell, and the flavor has a subtle spicy-sweetness that's different than your usual cashew chicken. The spicy noodles with chicken is tasty though greasy. Lunch specials come with soup, and it's usually a simple veggie broth with some cut up squash and cabbage. This location is nothing fancy on the inside, but it serves the best Thai food I've found in the South Bay.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2006,12/13/2006,47,80,8,1,2>Let's state the obvious here, I'm a girl, therefore i love Tiffany's. They could probably sell dog shit stamped with "Tiffany & Co" and most women would want it, get it, and put it in a display case on the mantel in the living room.*The quality of diamonds they sell are impeccable.*The quality of jewelry in general, whether it be their signature silver, platinum or gold is outstanding.*Their stuff is simple, cute, classy and goes with pretty much anything. What could be better than that?As far as their customer service goes, that definitely leaves something to be desired. Unless you're wearing gobs of diamonds or are a celebrity, don't expect the staff to bend over backwards for you, or even look at you for that matter. Maybe it's because I'm young and look like i can't afford to shop there, they're sadly mistaken and I've actually waited for a worthy worker to before making my purchase so the other one wouldn't get commission. Ahhhh, such a Pretty Woman moment! :)
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2006,12/12/2006,130,384,2,4,3>*AAAARRRRRRGGGHH**When asked if this store is open all year, the staff said, "Yes."  I guess there are loyal customers who collect pirate accessories and throw YO-HO-HO-HO parties aside from Halloween.  I came here looking for a costume for work, but found their selection of costumes to be the same as Spirit's and Party America (meaning, *just EH*).  I was disappointed that they sell the corset-like vests but not the frilly off-the-shoulder blouse for underneath.  However, I did end up spending like $70 at the store.  I ended up with mostly accessories that pulled together my HIT costume at the hospital:-a black tee with skulls and bones (*oooo* just like the style nowadays)-a captain's hat (this one def has more variety as far as hats)-pirate tats-a pirate "purse"- even pirate jewelsIf I decide to be a pirate / wench again or throw a "Walk the Plank" party, I'd definitely come back!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2006,12/11/2006,326,452,,7,3>I decided to try this place out after reading all the great reviews for it here on yelp. I've been driving past it on a weekly basis ever since I moved to Fremont 5 years ago but eating there never crossed my mind (Perhaps it's the location, or the fact that I had never heard anything about it from anyone).Our waitress was very attentive and friendly, and the service in general was extremely pleasant and good. The restaurant itself is pretty simple, although they do have some cool posters on the wall, and the walls are painted bright colors to add a festive atmosphere to the place. The food was... GREAT! We unanimously agreed that the enchiladas are the best ones we've had in Fremont. The Camarones a la Diabla were good, although I wish they had been just a tad bit spicier. The rice was delicious (not dry and gritty, like the rice I've had at most Mexican restaurants).I will definitely be going back! It is definitely the best Mexican restaurant I have been to in the Tri-City area.Update: I went back. I ordered the shrimp burrito, which was great, and my boyfriend ordered the chicken fajitas, which he really liked. The sangrias were not very good, just because it tasted more like Hawaiian punch than anything else. It didn't have any fruit in it, either.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2006,12/10/2006,87,359,2,2,3>I met a friend for dinner and we were promptly seated when we arrived; it helps to have reservations.  There was a party ahead of us and they had to wait a while even though the restaurant was not packed.  It might have been due to the fact that it was a Sunday evening and the restaurant had a lighter staff.Everything we had was delicious from the hummus to the chicken skewers, but the mussels and "cigars" were my favorite.Service was a little off.  Our order of hummus was served with 4 small slices of pita bread.  Of course, we ate all the bread before we ran out of the hummus, so we had to ask for more.  We asked 2 people, 3 different times, for extra pita bread, and waited a good 20 minutes before the next batch of pita arrived.I think their bus boys need a lesson in physics.  When he came to clear our table after we consumed the mussels, my friend and I were a little afraid for him.  He didn't do a good job stacking the plates and burned himself on the (hot) iron skillet.  After touching the skillet and feeling the pain, he looked at me, pulled out his towel and said, "It's hot."  Indeed, it was hot.  He told us that when he first put the pan down...  Poor guy!  Luckily, nothing broke as he found his way to the kitchen.  My friend and I held our breath and listened to make sure that we didn't hear plates breaking as he walked into the kitchen...Great place for date-ish Mediterranean dining in Palo Alto.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2006,12/9/2006,43,86,2,,4>Being an urban dweller, from time to time I get this itch to be rugged and nature-ful, to explore the wilds and breathe untainted air...basically see some of that greatness California has to offer. This usually entails packing Urban BF into the car and making him sit in traffic for a few hours in hopes of rekindling my connectivity with Mother Earth. The journey usually ends in some small bay area town, where we walk a few blocks along some "Main St. " (my heels pose some terrain restrictions) and end up at some restaurant before returning home to nap.This is how we found Pasta Moon. We're spoiled food brats from SF, and we loved PM. The staff was very professional and cordial (and clearly suburban. I love it. Dance, monkey, dance!!) and the food was to match. The wine list was also superb. I ended up washing down my lettuce leaves with a couple of gallons of chilled Viognier. Nap time.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/8/2009,1/16/2010,149,321,8,14,13>Jubba. 3.5 stars. This place is so new it doesn't even qualify for hole in the wall status yet. We went there yesterday for lunch. Located in a round building at the edge of the light rail line at the Ohlone/Chynoweth station, this Somali place is dishing up breakfast, lunch and dinner family meals.I think the husband and I were actually the first non-family members to wander in to this place. I love African food - have never eaten Somali before, but I'm always game. The big guy and family looked surprised to see two white folks walk right in, but we received a hearty greeting and were shown to a table by the window.Menus were brought and perused and we were offered drinks. Chicken, beef, goat or fish fixed in a variety of ways were the basic choices. We picked out a chicken steak and chicken suqaar to try. The young boy who verbally took my order may have gotten a little confused since I was more specific about wanting injera with my meal than anything else I guess. Communication overall was difficult here (language barrier is all) and a lot of smiling and nodding went on. Wonderful smells started wafting in from the kitchen while we chatted, listened to the train sounds and sipped our drinks (Larry's mango was fabulous!). Soon the platters came out and my chicken was the beefiest, goatiest looking chicken I had ever seen. I could not eat it. It wasn't chicken although confused insistence coming from the kitchen seemed to say otherwise. No worries. The big guy came back to the table with many apologies and much more confusion, mumbled something about my injera, then took the dish away to fix anew. I felt so bad - this being a brand new place and all. But, that was not chicken. Apparently suqaar is more commonly eaten as a beef dish in Somali. I wouldn't know. I just ordered what it said on the menu.My dish arrives with many more apologies as to the time it took to fix, etc. Now, it looks pretty much like the chicken steak Larry ordered, but that's ok. It's good. Injera is generously piled on my plate and is more fluffy and less fermented than its Ethiopian cousin. The chicken in the peppers, onion and sauce is tasty but mild until you throw the hot pepper relish (which I couldn't get the name of) onto it and then it just comes to life and dazzles the palate. The rice was delicious and intricately flavored; not that unlike biryani. I loved it! All-in-all, a delicious and enjoyable, hearty meal.Since they never brought a bill, we went up to the register to pay. I asked what we owed and the big guy asked us again what we had  then blurted out $16. I'm thinking this isn't enough as each entree alone was $8.99 or more and we had the special mango drink and an iced tea. He said he didn't have ATM hooked up yet (thank goodness we had cash!) and so I handed him $21 and he smiled, nodded and thanked me graciously wanting to know again if we enjoyed our meal.They have a few kinks to work out, and the place could really use some decor (there's none). But, with friendly owners serving homemade, authentic food, it won't take long for people to find this place. Just follow your nose.Written in my travelogue: Take the light rail right to their door step! Bring cash and compliments and you'll enjoy a great meal here.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,1/15/2010,1167,294,12,13,12>Yelp Elite Event at Plumed Horse, so we gave up on waiting on another round of Prime Rib mini burgers-we're sure that they are called something else, but this much is true: those things are sent from the devil, because they are AMAZING. And yes, we were one of the few "vultures" out there. Yo, don't hate the player.-hate the game. Suckas.Anyway, we passed by there on the way over to Plumed Horse, with the intention of returning. We were somewhat worried about time, so we left the event at 8:40. They were still open! Score!A little dim, nice setting. I'm not much of a Italian eater, but I felt like Don Corleone would've felt at home plotting out his havoc here. Sometime during the dinner, I had a vision of poker playing dogs sitting next to me.Now let's talk prices: ouch. A little expensive for me. A small cheese pizza was around $11.95.  Goodbye pizza craving I had earlier. We changed our strategy from a pizza and pasta to an appetizer and calzone.We chose the fried calamari. A house favorite apparently. My boyfriend loved it. I don't know the calamari anatomy quite well, but it was a nice mix of baby squids and small rings. The batter wasn't too thick, just perfect.We shared the Chicken Calzone. It had sweet dried tomatoes, basil, chicken, and welded into a load of mozzarella cheese. Yum. We didn't quite finish, a combination due to afore mentioned burgers and they yummy bread they offered at the beginning of the meal.The bread: Omg. Yuuuuuuuuum. It came with this cheez whiz butter looking concoction. A little sweet, a little buttery, and a lot of good.Oh and we just had water. It was okay, you know-water. Trying to save, you know.Our meal cost $27 and change plus tip. Great strategy.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2009,1/14/2010,942,253,14,22,21>What to do for stocking stuffers besides the usual stuff?  The obvious answer was "Dolce Bella Chocolates" of course!  Calling Audrey (the owner) asking her what flavors she had on hand and if she still had the 72% dark chocolate Santa and yes...she did!  While I was sampling the new chocolate candy flavors available, Audrey handed me a cup of the most delectable hot chocolate ever!  It was just right...as Goldilocks would say....and I had to purchase the bag of 61% Guittard chocolate wafers so I could recreate this blissful drink!  Each bag of chocolate wafers comes with a recipe for the "Hot Drinking Chocolate" good for four servings.I ended up buying the dark chocolate almond toffee in the 8 oz bag (larger size but there is a smaller 4 oz bag also available), the milk chocolate almond toffee in the 8 oz bag, the milk chocolate Santa and the 72% dark chocolate Santa, the Hot Drinking Chocolate Wafers and a 12 piece chocolate candy variety box.  The candy box went to a very dear friend who is a nut about chocolates...now he's a fan!Thank you Audrey for choosing to share your artistic and sweet business with us!  Merry Christmas and here's wishing you more fans in the new year 2010!  Hugs...btw the hubby and the son were very happy to see that "Santa" brought them Dolce Bella Chocolates!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2009,1/13/2010,393,333,31,22,19>Cocola is to me, as a trophy wife is to a middle-class American.Its looks REALLY nice...      It costs a lot....            Probably more than its worth.                 It tastes alright, but not as good as it looks.I've liked everything I've had here--nothing is bad. But is it worth the money? Meh. No, probably not. It isn't your "let's go out to Cocola and get dessert" kind of place...Probably just a nice little cafe to have once in a while, or to take a girl if you want to pretend you are ballin.TRY THIS:!!TURKEY CRANBERRY SANDWICH WITH BRIE!!banana hot chocolatemango moussetriple layer chocolate moussePRETTY GOOD:banana crunchyraspberry and white chocolate mousse....just another overpriced but beautifully masked culinary attempt at  Santana Reezy.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2009,1/12/2010,3171,1316,22,22,22>Yes, support the mom and pop shops . . . so please eat here!The wonderful staff was extremely helpful with the menu, assisting us with our selections for lunch. The owner and I chatted it up at the front counter about the business and operations; very friendly and homey atmosphere.We ordered the Cuban sandwich and the BBQ chicken with mac cheese, baked beans, and potato salad. The sandwich was GREAT, loved the flavorful meat and the bread.I make my own mac cheese at home and I would have to say mine is better. :) I am all about the bread crumbs and theirs didn't have much or any. The baked beans were AWESOME and I would order that again. The potato salad was decent.Didn't order any dessert but will try next time.All good though, we immensely enjoyed our lunch in the Willow Glen neighborhood.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2009,1/11/2010,339,173,25,27,26>I came here last night with Vi and Donna for some good Korean food. Being the nerd that I am, I looked up their website and read some Yelp reviews prior to my visit.  The two items that stood out the most from their website was the Meat-Jun (maybe because of the bold green font?) and the seafood pancake. I'm so glad Vi and I were on the same wave length as she wanted the same two dishes I wanted, score! The other dish we decided to go with was the marinated chicken in special sauce.Meat-Jun (s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com): Read the reviews, and believe the hype because it is all that and a bag of chips! This so called "secret dish" is not on their menu but can be found only on their website.  Sweet, marinated beef fried in an egg batter never tasted better! Sushi is my all time favorite food hands down, but holy smokes this might even top it! So sweet and tasty, just like taking a small bite of heaven when it melts in your mouth. How flavorful and stupendous you are. Meat-Jun, I will be seeing you again very, very soon!Seafood Pancake (3.5 Stars): This dish started off sooooo good! The first two pieces I devoured was filled with seafood and then covered with this awesome crunchy outer layer.  But once I had my third helping, it was like eating a whole green onion that was deep fried. This dish could have been so much better if the green onion was chopped up in smaller pieces rather then served as a whole piece.Marinated Chicken (2.5 Stars): It wasn't bad, just nothing great or memorable. Honestly though, it never stood a chance sitting next to the Meat-Jun.Bonus: Complimentary green tea ice cream, YAY!Summary (4 Stars): Order the Meat-Jun and you can thank me later! :)
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2009,1/10/2010,192,216,12,12,13>Definitely lived up to all the hype!!!Get in early because this restaurant gets packed fast! We had the Baby at grandparent's house so it was a get down & dirty date night ;-) I rem when this place just opened up from Huy's UYE back in the day.We ordered a pound of shrimp, a pound of crab, and some deep fried cod. It was delicious and messy. We chose the mild spiced flavored. I took full advantage of the paper towels and garbage bucket on our table. The waiter & waitress staffs were on point. Each one asked if we were doing OK several times and refilled our glasses. ( - ) Limited selection of beers. ( - )The king crab legs were a bit over priced and tasted a bit bland.( - ) Fish n Chips were over cooked (burnt).( + ) Customer service was great. ( + ) Bibs, paper towels, and wet napkins were very helpful.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,1/9/2010,361,297,9,11,10>Nuoc Mia is a nostalgic drink for me and reminds me of the times I'd be rewarded one for accompanying my family around on their errands or outings (it's up there with Orange Julius as a childhood drink).  To this day it's still a treat for me being a good daughter and accompanying my family to Grand Century Mall.  Fresh sugar cane being squeezed through a machine topped with a sliced kumquat = me happy for the day.  You can't find fresh Nuoc Mia at too many places, so enjoy them whenever you stop by the food court at the Mall!  I haven't really sampled the other flavors since I'm old school and favor only the original.  $3.50 isn't too bad for quenching my Nuoc Mia cravings.  It's not like you pay any less for boba at TapEx.  Savor that sugar cane!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,1/8/2010,213,324,9,8,8>This may have been the fastest brunch I've ever had.  I was pretty sad after my bottomless mimosa brunch fell through, but I was happy to settle for some good food.  We were seated right away at about 12:15 on a Sunday.  We definitely got there at the right time because there were people waiting for a table about 10 minutes later.  Our waitress was quick and friendly.  I had the eggs Benedict and it was pretty good, not fabulous but I only waited about 5 minutes (I swear I blinked and my food was there).  My bf had an omelet and for $2 he (with some encouragement from me) upgraded to the ginormous cinnamon roll.  Oh my f'ing gosh, that thing was amazing.  The waitress told us how good it was and she is no liar.  It was AMAZING, it's like cinnabon's fancier, fatter cousin with an even worse case of type 2 diabetes.  The cinnamon butter on the top is the extra fat that 3,000 calories really calls for.  Great breakfast if you don't like champagne with your breakfast.  Sometimes I don't, so I will return to L.G. Cafe for another chance to make my blood stop flowing with the cinnamon roll from heaven.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,1/7/2010,2665,2597,15,16,16>Mmmm I love Daybreak Donuts because I live practically next to it! I remember going to school everyday when I was in HS and swinging by on the way to grab a fresh out of the oven, newly glazed donut for cheap. Although I agree that most donut shops are more or less the same because it's hard to mess up a donut since you just get good dough and fry the crap out of it, but this place actually has some of the fluffiest donuts I've tasted so far.They also serve a variety of breakfast items like breakfast sandwiches, muffins, etc. that are *also* really good (I love their egg and sausage croissanwich!) and the staff is extremely friendly. Definitely great neighborhood joint.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,6/13/2009,393,333,18,17,16>You know that guy...the homely looking one who kind of has a good personality, doesn't really make you laugh, but is fun to hang out with for some reason? That's Mei Garden down the street.You know that guy's older brother? The one who actually went to college and wasn't a socially inept band geek? He's probably a Chinese restaurant in SF...psyche.King Chwan is the midpoint between the two. The red headed stepchild who is often forgotten but still has a lot to offer. The chicken dishes were good. The veggies were cooked well--loved the eggplant as usual.The inside was a little ghetto, but were you expecting glamor on the southside of Ocean? The food was solid, the service was standard, and the prices were fair. Its definitely one of the better Chinese places in Santa Cruz.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,6/10/2009,1167,294,15,19,21>Go here on the first Friday of the month if you want to experience something close to Misshapes.misshapes.com Hipsters galore, this is where they go!THE WORKOUT.If you're scene, and you want to be seen. THIS IS IT! Twenttysomethings and interesting characters dwell this abode.Great electronica music is played here, if you don't mind it coming from laptops. (But hey, it's all the same wherever it comes from!) I don't drink, and I had mucho fun being sober and dancing the night away!The dance room space is pretty suprising, there's enough of it and there's always people dancing.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2009,6/9/2009,576,494,17,20,20>I thought the days of waking up at 12:30 were long gone. Replaced by the strict regularity of cube life and Friday night four beer maximums. However, this morning even meowing cats and piercing sun rays wouldn't wake me and when I finally did feel that the time was right because the dreams started getting weirder and weirder I realized I was starving. Looking out our living room wall of windows I knew this day was too nice for transportation via car. We rode downtown and stopped to talk to some friends skating in front of Circle A as we made our way to Hally K Ono. The menu was small but everything sounded great, the service was genuinely friendly and the outdoor seating perfect for a sunny day. The Chicken Pear Brie sandwich was amazing and the criss-cut fries exactly what you would want on a post drinking day. Great quality food, and as it states on the menu, great quality food takes time however, that doesn't deter from the charm of Hally K Ono and the location doesn't hurt either.Next time...breakfast scramble.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2008,6/8/2009,361,297,14,12,13>CHE ROCKS.From the first day I met this guy, he was the ultimate professional.  Asked me questions about what I wanted, showed me around the studio, calendered me in immediately for an appointment.  The day of the TAT (which I now refer to as my Tattoo Tuesday), I brought in three of my girl friends for moral support.  The entire time he was inking me, all of us were joking around with Che and the other workers.  Some F*bombs thrown around here and there, clowning, story telling, and even pregnancy/baby advice (for one of my friends).  Dave, the owner, even drew in a tattoo (using my imprint) on one of my friends.For what felt like a prickly needle drilling into my back for two hours (YES IT EFFIN' HURT), I had a pretty awesome time.  The design came out beautifully (tribal phoenix on the lower left side of my back... as Nam N. would say "my lower left quadrant").  Very true to the design I showed him.Music choice isn't quite top 40s, since they play this weird OM chanting song (which came on at least twice).  It's supposed to relax the customers, but it only pissed Che off Che: Why is this F*&% song on again?  That fool OMs for like 7 minutes straight!Good times.  Just watch out for the crazy man that sleeps in the dark hallway to the bathroom.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,6/7/2009,169,661,5,12,8>After 4 review updates on the International Food Bazaar and oozing love for the grocery store, and their branching out to include grilling kabobs on the weekends, I was FINALLY able to check out the restaurant that they opened in the same complex to house the kabob operation this past Saturday.The layout of the restaurant is simple with a dining area with ~12 tables to the right side of the restaurant, and then to the left the open kitchen and the register where you order your items.  They have your typical Mediterranean items with words that I can't really spell all too well, but can describe.  ;-)  So, here's what I had:-  Barg plate -- ground lamb (I think that it was lamb, anyway) with spices, molded to fit onto a kabob skewer and grilled, served with rice and a roasted tomato- Melitzanosalata - finely minced eggplant, onions, tomatoes, parsley, and lemon juice-  Root Beer -  well, that's self-explanatory :)All the above cost ~$15 and if left me stuffed.  The barg was freshly grilled, and had a really nice flavor to it, and came with a generous amount of rice.  The Melitzanosalata was SO good.  I read the menu and saw the ingredients and knew that I must have it.  It was served with a side of pita bread and a little olive oil. My friends that ate with me all ordered shwarma wraps which were HUGE and came with a nice green salad on the side.  I think that those were ~$7 and were so large that they could be split in two to save for another meal. While this isn't a full serve restaurant, there are servers that walked around to check-up on us throughout our meal which was a definite nice touch.  The only mild drawback was that they were grilling right outside the doors of the restaurant and the smoke from the grill would waft in on on occasion; not that big of a deal, though.Overall great first experience, and it definitely looks like it is catching on.  There was a steady flow of folks coming in to order stuff.  Hopefully this place sticks around for a while, because the food was great and not too expensive, either.  Highly recommended, and glad that there's a new kabob place in the neighborhood!Also, of note, they are open until 10pm on Fridays and Saturdays.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2009,6/6/2009,151,142,2,6,7>I just went back there and I absolutely love what she did with my eyebrows. It looks great... and easy to maintain. While I was only there for less than 5 minutes I also decided to get my upper lip done. Might as well since I was there already. I'm not hairy but I would like to get that friendly peach fuzz rid of since I feel better about not having peach fuzz there. All in all the place was clean, quick, cheap, and the threading job on the brows and upper lip is ... perfect. Now I don't like using the word perfect but this deserves an A+ in my book.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2008,6/5/2009,261,272,9,9,8>COMPLETE SILENCE DURING DINNERTIME DUE TO EXTREME YUMMINESS OF OUR GOVEA'S BURRITOS!!!!!!!!!!1) Many many thanks to the cashier in the front! Can't remember his name... but he was in his 20's and very friendly. Made sure that we were welcome and that our food will be perfect and ready ASAP.2) We regret taking it to-go because we were DYING the 20 minutes ride back home!!** DINE IN people! You won't be able to resist the yummy aroma filling your car. Plus the seats looked comfy =)**3) We ordered 2 Burrito Supremes (pork, chicken), 2 Chimichangas and 1 taco.... O M G !!!! I made sure my burrito was devoured right away, so I didn't get to try the other ones... but I just heard a bunch of "WOW this is REALLY good" 's and... the rest was history.-The RICE is amazing. All the other Yelpers' reviews are sooo right!! it goes perfectly with the burrito!-Guac was really good-Chicken was PERFECT texture and flavor! It wasn't rubbery or bland, but just right.-I wish I got extra cheese ;)4) The corn chips that are complimentary, they were good, but I was a bit disappointed they are store-bought ones... but still, the salsa makes up for it!5) The mild salsa = SO DELICIOUS. This salsa won me over right away! The spicier, darker salsa was not AS yummy. We thought that it tasted a bit bland compared to the mild.5 stars for the most DELICIOUS Mexican food I've had in a long long time.5 stars for the exceptional service, and thank you!5 stars for being thorough with the takeout order, unlike many other places! (They didn't skimp out on the food, or forget the utensils, chips and salsas! LOVE it!!)Next time(s!) we're definitely dining in, and trying their delicious sounding margaritas!!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,6/4/2009,1066,578,13,15,15>All right, all right, it was between 3.5 and 4 stars, but I'll give it 4 because I was honestly pleasantly surprised. I saw this place situated by expensive-looking restaurants and assumed that it was also expensive. However, I came here for a meeting (they offered to pay for food) and took a look at the menu. Well, I should say that I first of all looked at the pastries and cakes, which were amazing and beautiful! Almost too beautiful to eat... almost. Anyway, they have sandwiches, and when I ordered a veggie sandwich, I saw that it was only $5.50 or something! Not bad at all! And it came out quickly and was really good, too. It had celery, green onions, avocado, and other things that I didn't really pay attention too because I just shoveled it into my mouth, and those were the only things left on the plate when I was done. The place was nice and clean inside, and a haven from the San Jose heatwave!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,6/3/2009,959,111,14,15,12>I think this is one of the better sushi joints in Japan Town if you like to see a variety of rolls.CONS: I didn't love the salad dressing (a little on the sour and watery side) nor the Miso Soup. I like my miso soup served piping hot. Maybe I just came at a bad time?  I also get annoyed when Japanese restaurants close between the hours of 2pm and 5pm.  There are some days you get HUNGRY from 2-5pm and are craving REALLY GOOD SUSHI...But with Kazoo - it's worth the wait!PROS: They have such an awesome variety of rolls and the wait staff is pretty nice.  One of their exotic rolls is the "Paradise Roll" - it has mango, green onions, topped with tuna and has tempura flakes sprinkled on it! Dee-LISH!  I also like the San Diego Roll, Mr. Nobu, Taku roll (i think that's what it's called). Even their California Rolls are pretty mouthwatering. (Dang, I'm getting hungry typing this.. LOL)  I've never tried any of the bento boxes or meals. I simply just come for the sushi. I always feel satisfied after because they have so many rolls to choose from, you want to just eat them ALL!I also like requesting a little side of that spicy 'orange' sauce. It jazzes up the sushi a little bit!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,6/2/2009,378,778,21,20,20>Like...OMG....I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Seven Bamboo....where have you been all my life?!!!Came here tonight for a post-party birthday celebration with Daniele D. I had no idea where she was taking me when we entered down a short alley into the back area where the door is. Great people here....I even met fellow Yelper Weide Z. who was singing on stage. I immediately recognized him and introduced myself. He has a fabulous voice....he can rock out the Spanish songs too! Only stayed for a short while since I have a 5am date with a treadmill but the illustrious Daniele was tearing up the stage with her voice and dance moves. I am coming back for sure!!Hey Daniele....you and me....I smell a UYE!!  (Hey that rhymes!!! =P)
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,8/28/2009,615,556,16,17,16>Man, this place is hoppin' on a Saturday night!We walked in to a 30 minute wait, so we decided to sit at the bar and order a couple beers while waiting. And as everyone knows, BBQ isn't BBQ without a cold brewski, so I'm happy to report that there are 8 glorious beers on tap here! Perusing the menu at the bar was smart since there are waaaay too many options here, bringing out the attention deficit disorder in all of us. Once our buzzer sounded and we were seated, I was more than ready to order the pork sandwich with potato salad. Once our food arrived, the manager even came around to check on us, which I thought was a nice touch.My entire party was stuffed and happy 45 minutes later. Oh and by the way, the entire roll of paper towels at each table is genius!Not the best BBQ I've ever had...and a little gimmicky, but a solid 4-stars, definitely. We rolled out to the car, unbuttoned the top button of our pants, and were on our merry way back to San Jose.Gluttony. We're all guilty at times.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/23/2009,8/27/2009,975,124,99,30,24>If you like the food here, you may quickly find yourself a gas gulzaar! It is located in the dodgy outer rim of the Valley Fair sprawl.The food is Indian food with South African flair. Along with Blacks and Whites, Indians are a significant community in South Africa. Mahatma Gandhi is a notable that came from this community. And, wherever Indians go, they take their family spice secrets with them, adapting it to local produce and taste to evolve new flavors for classic dishes, in this case, the remarkably aromatic chicken biryani served at this restaurant. Another standout is their crispy chicken samosas.However, the kebab sandwich talked up by other Yelpers was an utter disappointment! It is nothing more than a banh mi going for twice the price one would reasonably expect. Indeed, pricing for every dish appears more expensive than what one would expect for a restaurant that is little more than a dive.The restaurant's spare but clean ambiance is very typical of establishments of its type in Africa. And, the elderly, twinkly-eyed owner is quite the raconteur! I have no doubt that he has earned one extra star from every reviewer solely based on his salesmanship!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,8/26/2009,160,370,16,17,15>San Jose has a downtown that is on the verge of being really good.  There are a number of places to go on any given night, but at the same time, a number are closed, even on a Thursday.  So, living a bit north of downtown on the light rail, I try to get down there for any reason I can devise, even though I know any particular destination may be closed.But this night was special.  This particular time was the night I picked up my newly-sharpened knives and took them on a stroll through the darkened alleyways and by-ways of downtown San Jose to see who I could see and follow them for a while.Okay, just kidding.  But if you do find yourself picking up newly-sharpened knives, make sure you have a good, non-obvious way to carry them.  Some sort of large bag is good, but you also need something to fit snugly around the blade, lest they poke through and stab you in the back.  I took an oven mit, though they did stick a cork on the point, which was a nice touch.In addition to using the Cutting Edge to sharpen knives, Zanotto's catered my apartment complex's holiday party.  Yes, they cater, and yes my apt complex had a holiday party.  The brie with fruit sauce on top was amazing.  I didn't try anything else, though it looked good.  Just a little cheese and a lot of wine, thank you very much!  (Not winning any of the door prizes, I felt I deserved it!)The other thing I know about Zanotto's is that this is the place to come if you like steak.  I mean big, healthy, Texan-sized steaks.  Depending on when you come here, it can be difficult to pick out a steak for one.  The last one I got would have fed a date, had I had one.  Instead, I gorged myself on some rib-eye and then cut the remainder into thin slices for a morning omlette.It can be a little more expensive than other stores, but there is a great wine selection and it is not more expensive than, say, Whole Foods, and they are a lot further!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,8/24/2009,393,333,15,18,17>XLB XLB XLBThanks Eric C. for opening up my eyes (again) to the wonderful world that is AZN food. We got 2 types of dumplings (one pork, and one loofah and shrimp), and then beef in a clay pot. This was actually a pretty big amount of food considering you get 8 or so dumplings per order, so we rolled out of there (to Qcup for dessert) like the fata$$e$ we are. The dumplings had good flavor and didn't burn your mouth like some places where it squirts liquid fire with every bite. I was overly cautious nibbling on the dumpling fearful that it would squirt pain all over my lips, but that never happened! They were the perfect temperature and the ginger/soy combo for dipping was a perfect accent. Still, be careful when you put these balls in your mouth--hot liquids are quite unpleasant squirting all over you. GET YOUR MIND OUT OF THE GUTTER.Too bad I have a real job and somehow got stuck with more than half the bill. Eric C. (chentastic1.yelp.com) is slowly becoming my steady girlfriend who I will wine and dine with and eventually buy expensive gifts to ensure we stay together... XLB XLB XLB
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2009,8/22/2009,339,173,19,21,16>"If things go well I might be showing her my O-face." (Office Space quote for those who didn't get the reference)  Sushi-O-Sushi, Ohhh yeah hit the spot! I've heard some really tasty things about this sushi joint from some good friends of mine.  So two friends and I came here last night to stuff our faces with some yummy sushi, and this place lived up to my expectations and didn't disappoint. Between the three of us, we ordered :- Alaskan King - Golden California- Kani Spicy Tuna - Lion King - Maguro - Mega 3- Mega SalmonI'll categorize the food dishes from how I liked them:5 Stars - Brought the O-Face ExplosionAlaskan King - Holy Crab!  For any of you crab lovers out there, you have to order this roll.  It's loaded with delicious crab meat and cucumber rolled together completely covered with fat and tasty pieces Alaskan king crab leg meat.  Can you say YUM? *wipes drool* The Mega Salmon was another delicious roll.  It consisted of Spicy Salmon and cucumber rolled together and layered with salmon topped with some bomb ass spicy tataki sauce.  This is my friend's favorite roll there, and I can see why as it's become one of my favorites as well.  The Kani Spicy Tuna had Crab Meat with some Avocado in the center then layered with spicy tuna and papaya.  This is the first roll I remember having with papaya in it, and it was great with the other two I mentioned.  4 Stars - Ohhh-Right!Lion King is one of those old trusty rolls to order and rarely does it disappoint.  It has Crab meat with avocado in the center then layered with salmon.  It also has mild spicy sauce on top and then it's baked to perfection.   The Golden California is another one of my all time favorites.  It's basically a deep fried California roll topped with flying fish eggs.  I really dig it a lot because it's deep fried. Delicious-ness!3 Stars - "O"kay These two orders were by no means bad.  They just couldn't compare to the other delicious dishes we happened to order last night.  Mega Three didn't applease my mouth as the others.  The Maguro Sashimi didn't taste as flavorful as compared to other places I've had this at.  I can remember how orgasmic it tasted at Gochi, and it just didn't quite get to the same level here.  Still good, but no whoa factor!Summary: Delicious and wonderfully tasty rolls.  Come early because this place gets more packed then a can of sardines. Despite how busy the place got, we still got excellent service.P.S. Shout outs to Sexy Legs!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2009,8/21/2009,117,243,9,3,13>QUITE THE UPGRADE IN ATMOSPHERE AND AMBIANCE.....BUT......I'm finally back to my office located near Skyport and 1st Street in San Jose. Since a co-worker of mine felt like Indian food for lunch, we decided to head out to the usual Indian buffet on Skyport Drive two weeks ago.As we first walked in we were like....WOAHHHHHHHHHHH!!! What happened to this place? When did this all happen? It was awhile since we've been here but it was was quite a makeover. Beautiful paint and nicely added decorations.  What use to be Shagun Indian Restaurant is now ran by new management. SO MOVE OVER SHAGUN.... MADHUBAN HAS TAKEN OVER!!!Huge improvement in terms of ambiance, variety of food, service, refilling the buffet items, and relocating the buffet to the middle (so that lines can form on each side - a vegetarian side and a non- veggie side which makes the line way more efficient).Unfortunately I was not impressed with the overall taste of the food and the fact that the buffet is now $11 per person as opposed to what it use to be $9. Even though there was less variety in food before, the food tasted better at Shagun. Some food items were good while other items were ehhhh. Some of the entrees were cold (maybe because they had to cook everything earlier in the morning). So considering the food to price ratio....It was just alright.Then again this past week for my work's Friday group lunch, about 9 of us decided to go for Indian. I told them about the change and management so they were all gung hoo to try the rennovated place. This time around all the food was way too spicy (might have been the cooking for that day), heck it was even for my Indian co-worker. Most of us left probably only somewhat satisfied the thinking we were not too impressed with the food and priceness of the group lunch.They charged our 9 person group 20% gratuity even though it was a buffet.... okay they did bring us Naan and our drinks, but we mostly helped ourselves to the buffet....so ummmm I dunno about this place....but I'm sure due to limited Indian food choices in the area I'll be back every once inawhile when I'm okay shelling out $14 for lunch.More like 2.5 stars!!!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,8/20/2009,1167,294,13,21,17>I love Persians. Beautiful people, rugs, and cats. CHE-LOW-KAH-BAH-BEEI asked a Persian friend a place he recommended for Persian food, and he told me to come here. Funny, I had been here before...Just couldn't pinpoint where it was at. We came around 2pm and we were suppper hungry. It is situated right next to an Indian restaurant in a small plaza off of El Camino.We were seated in a lovely booth, making this meal feel like somewhat of a date. Very intimate. The walls were decorated with rugs, paintings, and figurines. I guess if you plan on taking somebody on a date here, plan ahead and get reservations because there are only three booths. It's a nice touch.We were given a basket of pita like bread with butter. I got Persian tea and my boyfriend got soda. The tea was good, and came with sugar cubes, which I kept munching on.I got the Joojeh Kabab and my bf got the Joojeh - Koobideh combination. The Joojeh kabab (One skewer of pieces of grilled chicken fillet, marinated, and garnished with Saffron) which was served with basmati rice or a choice of salad. I opted for the rice with came topped with butter and a grilled tomato. It was okay, the chicken needed a little more flavoring. Ask for extra lime if you get this meal. But the Koobideh (ground beef), OH MY GOD, soooo good. I felt bad for stealing pieces from my boyfriend! His plate also came with a grilled tomato and the buttered rice. The serving was pretty generous, enough to come eat for left overs for dinner. We ordered the rose ice cream for dessert. My boyfriend didn't like it because he felt like it was too pungent, like he was eating flowers. I enjoyed it, the crushed pistachio topping go really well with it. The total meal cost around $45 including tip. Not too shabby. My boyfriend and I try to spend around $30 between us, but the meal satisfied us enough to want to come again in a couple of weeks. Totally worth it. I definitely recommend this place if you want to dabble with Persian food. They have daily regular specials I plan on trying the next go around.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,8/19/2009,361,297,8,12,12>Truly a gem amongst the dining options of downtown San Jose.  It's tough to find and a bit further off from the main downtown core, but it's a worthy walk!I came back here with a friend to sample the tapas and desserts.  We were both impressed with the quality of the food and care put into its preparation and flavorful sauces.  For all new Spanish tapas folks (such as myself), hands down, the Pimiento de Piquillo is a great dish to start with.  Sweet red pepper stuffed with seafood and swimming in an ultra creamy, lobster sauce.  Eat alone or dipped with bread for a delicious treat.We also enjoyed the sauteed clams with dry sherry and an explosive amount of garlic.  Pile on the garlic!  I can't get enough of it!  The croquettes (chorizo and another with ham & chicken) was also tasty - a nice baked shell oozing with the stuffing.  I smothered it with the slightly spiced aioli sauce.  Yum.If I thought the tapas were amazing, I wasn't prepared for their specialty flan - the caramel and the coconut flavored one.  The caramel flan, the original, has the expected silky texture with just enough hint of caramel sweetness coating the top and bottom layer.  My favorite was the coconut flan - with glazed bits of coconut creating a crumbly "crust" on the bottom of a dense layer of flan.You can't help but make ridiculous faces while eating here; when food is good, you just don't care what you look like.  The owner Edwing was incredibly gracious, attentive, and super friendly - chatting it up with us and even taking in some feedback on bringing more customers.  They've been in business for eight years and I only found out about it this year!  If more folks knew about this place and gave it a chance, I would not be surprised to see it become the next go-to restaurant of choice for the downtown area.  Great ambiance and vibe for dates, intimate groups, catching up with friends, and overall, appreciation of good quality food.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,8/18/2009,213,324,10,11,11>Where do I start?  A few times a year my BF and I have an amazing dinner that turns us into giddy school children..... and it's not just because there are cocktails and wine involved.... Parcel 104 kept us giddy, I'm actually still pretty excited and we ate there yesterday.  I'd wanted to try Parcel 104 for a while so I suggested it for my BF's birthday dinner.  We both were interested in the menu as well as their philosophy of using seasonal, locally grown ingredients. The service was amazing...we were there on a Monday night so I'm not sure if we'd usually get so much personal attention but I definitely appreciated the visit from the restaurant manager and the pastry chef who brought us a special little treat.  We had the 3 course meal which turned into 5, 5/12 courses if you include the little cookies at the end.  We each got different things so we were able to taste 7 different things. Our menu;Lobster Cappucinno-  oh em gee... this was my feet dancing under the table good...Dr. pepper Glazed Pork Belly- I don't really eat pork, but I do eat pork belly.  (This was something we both debated on getting as our appetizer but we decided on other things and it was brought to us from the chef anyway....)GIDDY!Sonoma Aritsan Foie Gras- I don't need to say anything, I wanted to lick the plateChantrelle Risotto- this dish is the definition of savoryNY Steak- I don't really eat steak but the Mac N Cheese on top was amazingMaine Monkfish with butternut squash, lobster dumplings and carrot ginger consommeSpecial little pot de creme brought to us from the pastry chef- amazingCaramel Flan with churros and nougat ice cream- Flan isn't my favorite but this melted in my mouthWe had fabulous cocktails (one was given to me on the house even!) and a special wine pairing brought to us as well.  The server was knowledgeable, personable and real.  We were treated like celebrities and haven't had a dining experience this great since Gary Danko.  Parcel 104 is a GEM in Santa Clara.  I'll also say that our dinner, with everything, cocktails, wine, even including tip was just over $200 and I was amazed at the value considering the thoughtful, decadent  menu which included so many courses and impeccable service.  I was expecting a meal of this caliber to be closer to  $300 and would have still been happy with that.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2008,8/17/2009,304,350,13,14,12>so where do you go when your father-in-law is getting married to his chinese bride at the san jose courthouse in three days and you need flowers and your request is met with a resounding "no problem"?  i seriously love this place.  mimi, the owner gets a lot of flack for being quirky and quirky she is- but she is also creative and extremely talented, i don't need a new BFF, i just need a beautiful bouquet and a delicious wedding cake by friday.  people need to get over themselves, after all it is just cake.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,11/6/2012,339,216,8,9,7>5 stars for a hole in the wall? YUP!This is my go-to place to take out of town-ers and co-workers for a really good lunch -- as long as they don't get turned off by the restaurant's exterior first! I've eaten here many times, and I once brought my team here for lunch. Their first thought was, "Where have you led us to, Nancy?!" My coworkers started to walk slower and slower as they realized the place we're eating at for lunch is the dark looking hole in the wall with bars over their doors and windows and no lighting inside. Then after being seated, I can't help but notice my coworkers looking around and examining the ceiling, floors, walls, table top, utensils, EVERYTHING! Let me tell you, this place isn't all that glamorous, but the food speaks for itself! Only open for lunch Monday through Friday only, most dishes under $10, and always packed with all types of people. Call for a reservation if you're coming with a big a group (per advice from the owner).Some of my favorites:- amok: MUST TRY! My friends say it's very delicious and unlike other amoks they've tried in Cambodia.- skewers: the chicken is moist and tender! The beef is tough though :-/- beef with green beans: on the salty side, but man does it go good over rice!- fried catfish with ground chicken: I love this dish! So flavorful....but my friends pointed out that the catfish is too thin and, after being fried, a bit on the chewy side. I can see that.- chicken yellow curry: light yet flavorful. Not as thick and strong as Indian or Thai yellow curry.If you can get over the sketchy looking neighborhood and restaurant, you'll enjoy some really good Cambodian food here. P.S. The owner is really nice with a funny sense of humor, but he won't let you do split checks here especially for big groups :P
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,11/5/2012,428,2224,10,12,12>Well worth my stomach ache.  Came here for my friend's bday/ catching up with loved ones. Huckleberry soda is nommy. The figs with bacon jam was okay.. not really jam but still good. My burger was perfect The salad was also good. The alfredo pasta with their chicken was perfect (add it to the menu-- call it the JuLi) -- special order. The pot de creme with the doughnuts was a perfect way to end the night. WHAT SANTA CRUZ COFFEE!! yes sold. Will be coming back round the mountain yes I will.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,11/4/2012,655,394,19,41,36>Damn. UCSC. Damn.I've finally hit the big 3-0-0 in Yelp reviews, so I figured I give the special tribute to my beautiful alma mater.I've been thinking for a long time on how to write this review. Make it funny and have a countdown of top moments at UCSC? Make it serious and sentimental and try to make the reader cry? Focus more on academics or more on social life? Should I really take a star off because some beezy made me cry?The answer still is I don't know. So I'm hoping if I keep writing, it'll work its way out.I knew from the get-go that I was attending UCSC. Everyone gave me crap for choosing to attend this school. My over-bearing asian parents were disappointed, my friends thought I was "too good" for this school, and other teachers and peers made jokes about how I'll get caught up in the hippie life and become a pot addict. Thanks guys. But it wasn't until my uncle, an alumni himself earning a degree in Astrophysics as a graduate student, encouraged me that it didn't matter what other people said, only that I was confident that I was choosing the right school.Boy am I glad I did.These 4 years I spent in SC were the best years of my life thus far. Freshman year was rocky and I didn't really have friends. Instead of feeling sad for myself on weekends, I put on my hiking boots and roamed the campus by myself. I made friends with the animals, fell in love with the nature trails, and found peace everywhere I went.Oakes College became my home, and I made the best friends there. I found my passion, switched my major, and discovered the person I truly was, finally shedding all the awkwardness of high school out of me.I didn't do the best academically, but I scraped by. Budget cuts and the lack of funding didn't help much, but I'm not going to say that's the school's fault as much as it is the administration of the higher up's, and the way our public school system is set up. Nonetheless, I witnessed all the protests through the years: Shutting down Hanh Student Services, and Graduate Student Commons (the night my boyfriend and I realized we liked each other), blocking Bay and High St, the Occupy movement and the march to downtown, and numerous others.There were naked runs, Obama-won-the-presidency runs, and midnight runs. There were tree climbing, cave diving, and ruin crawling. I danced on stage in front of hundreds, marched amongst thousands, but ate alone. I witnessed life, death, and destruction. I wore whatever I want, said whatever I want, but knew I would receive no backlash in return.And everyday, as I'm zipping home on my bike at 30mph, beating all auto traffic and seeing the Pacific Ocean get closer, I think about how privileged I am to be at such a great university, and how proud I am for choosing the college of my dreams. You or I can nitpick the reasons why I shouldn't give this review 5 stars. But in the end, if I had the chance to relive it all over again, I'd do it in a second. Sure, I'd do a few things different, but the pride that I have of this school, and the pride that every other student has of this school, is unmatched, though we exemplify it a different way.And we didn't even need a football team to do that.PS: The city itself is beautiful, and amazing in itself, and I'd also love to move back to live there if given a chance or a job. And my experience as a resident heavily impacts my experience as a student, but for all intents and purposes, this review does not include a rambling blurb about the city, but just know that without the personality of Santa Cruz, I would not have enjoyed UCSC half as much!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,11/3/2012,90,145,2,13,6>Since my last review, i've been to Beauty Fusion for eyelash extension refills, new sets, and also a shellac nail manicure. All of the above were done by Cathy, who is amazing. She's able to squeeze me in at such late notice, and is always super nice and EXTREMELY meticulous and detail-orientated. Although I haven't been doing it regularly, whenever I get eyelash extensions I get TONS of compliments about how great my lashes look. Even though I used to go to Sunny Nails down the street for manicures, I definitely can't beat the prices at Beauty Fusion, and another huge plus is that they don't take shellac off by scraping the crap out of your nails, they actually take time to let them soak with cotton balls and foil (which is the correct method). They've also recently gotten tons more shellac colors :)
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,11/2/2012,169,452,4,8,4>My friends and I put off coming here for so long because we were terrified of any place under an overpass. I'm so glad that we gave it a chance and now we finally have a great local bar! Upon walking in, we all exclaimed, "Ohh, it's not bad!" Per Yelp's recommendations, we ordered strawberry shortcake shots to start. Silver Dragon was excited that we knew about his signature drink, and proceeded to dote on us with his many inventions (a Tootsie Roll shot, a Jolly Rancher shot, and a mint chocolate chip cocktail), each tasting just as he promised.  At 2 oz pours, he is by far the most generous bartender I have ever met. We ordered silverbacks, and while most bartenders are conservative with the 151, he poured until it overflowed! Even at this amount, prices were no more expensive than other bars ($8 for shots or cocktails, $10 for the silverbacks).The bathroom was sparkling clean, and with the exception of the leopard print carpet, it was a nice place overall. The dj on deck was incredible, and I wish we caught his name. Anyone who plays Jackson 5 and YG in the same mix gets five stars.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,11/1/2012,894,377,13,12,10>This update is to say that I ate the mala hot pot LEVEL 5! I didn't think I could do it but my partner Khiem N. and I beat it! The broth doesn't even seem like broth at all. It's thick and murky. Very potent with the crack powder they use to get people addicted to coming back. One note I have to say is...expect a few visits to the toilet the next day. You will poo fire. They aren't consistent with the spiciness here so some days it can be light in spice, other days level 2 is not even that bearable.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,10/31/2012,278,1731,11,14,12>A rather intimate little place. Something I never would have guessed but glad I finally knocked out this bookmark. It was Amy C.'s birthday. No, not today but I wanted to see her to treat her and to give her some baked treats and a bottle of champagne for her future rendezvous. The menu is available online so I already knew exactly what I wanted. I ordered a small falafel plate w/ hummus (comes w/ 2), a plate of samosas (also comes w/ 2), and a chicken shawarma wrap. Amy got the kabob wrap; the lady said it would take about 15 minutes for the kabob. This is the kind of place where you order and pay then shortly after, your food gets delivered to you. Rather plentiful seating, a small bar area, a TV mounted on the wall, and a table outside. There is a nice water dispenser at the end of the counter.. cold and had the aftertaste of cucumbers. Yes, I think it was cucumbers. I don't know my vegetables. The falafel was moist albeit a little too crispy (hard) on the outside. The hummus was smooth and delicious. The samosas were fried perfectly; I think there was more potatoes than anything per the filling, alas in less than 2 minutes it was sitting in my tummy. My wrap wasn't crispy like the one I had at Robee's Falafels at San Pedro Square Market. The wrap made me feel like as if it's a burrito. There were hardly any vegetables... I thought a traditional shawarma wrap contain tomatoes, cucumbers, tahini sauce, etc. but this one contained tender chunks of chicken, onions; had a curry-like taste which I did not mind. I like curry, I like chicken, and I like onions. Either way... that was my lunch today and my dinner prior to the Giants' first NLCS game. Oh I almost forgot that I ordered a plate of fries for my monster. We sat, ate, laughed, shared, and confided in one another like we always do. Thanks to Yelp, I met Amy a little over a year ago. Together both of us ate and knocked out more than 5 bookmarks... though we do not see each other consistently.. we always managed to remain close *hearts*BTW- Ike's Lair is just a shop away! Back to the review- "Happy Belated Birthday, Amy!!!Note- no bathrooms here...
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,10/30/2012,51,569,3,17,9>Brand new facility that just opened today Sept 8, 2012. The place has a huge enclosed play structure for kids and a large bordering seating area for parents. The kids loved the giant play area. Socks are required. Private parties can be booked on the weekends and Friday 4-7pm. The party room has a long table enough for 30 kids and a few "standing" tables for adults. The max occupancy in that room is 45 total people so plan accordingly. You are required to order the food from them (pizza, Mac n cheese, drinks) but are allowed to bring one cake and up to 2 cold side dishes. The side dishes must be catered or packaged per Health Dept Regulaoons. They will ask for a receipt or identifying tag from the caterer. Their open play is only Mon-Fri. Check website for exact times but in general 10am - 6pm, except 12-1 when they are closed for lunch. Also, Open play ends at 4pm on Fridays. The staff that we interacted with were friendly and professional. They were all excited for the grand opening. We are excited they are finally open!Btw- FAST free wifi! See my speedtest pic. 18mbps+ download and 12Mbps+ upload!Two concerns:-Watch out for the Large Tiger slide. The kids and adults fly out of the slide and may run into, with a strong force, anything on that green mat in front of it. -There is an gate in the back right of the play area. It should be locked and only "openable" by people on the other side of it (coming from the party room). But it's not hard, for taller kids,to reach your hand over it and open.It's hard to watch your kids back there, it's out of sight. There is an emergency exit back there too. I am just afraid of wandering kids if the gate is opened by the party room guests or by taller kids.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,10/29/2012,352,165,3,13,9>This place has unbelievably amazing miso ramen (definitely worth a try!), but what blows me away is how they treat their customers! It's located right across the street from Orenchi ramen, so of course, it gets passed up by a lot of ramen lovers. I actually stumbled across this place with my family because Orenchi's wait was far too long. There's a menu located right outside, so you can take a look at their menu items before even entering the place to see if you want to eat there. Upon entering, we were greeted by all the workers, very Japanese! It also helped that there was no wait! We were immediately seated and our waiter took his time to answer all our questions that we had about the ramen and their other dishes. After we ordered, it took about ten-ish minutes for us to get our food. I was so excited! My ramen bowl was delish (I ordered the shio ramen).However, I do have to put this out there, in the middle of our meal my mom was taken back by an unfortunate surprise. She found some plastic in her soup. We immediately told our waiter and he went to tell the cook. We figured we would get a simple apology and possibly an offering for a new bowl of ramen... but no! The cook actually came right out and apologized to us saying that it was all his fault and that he should have been more aware. He was VERY Japanese in his ettiquete, and the waiter proceeded to tell us that our entire meal would be free! We couldn't believe it. We weren't trying to get a free meal out of it, we were just trying to make sure they were aware so someone else wouldn't get it in their meal. My dad even tried to tell them that he would accept my mother's ramen to be free (since it had the plastic in it) but insisted that he pay for his, mine, and my younger sisters. No matter how much he insisted, they wouldn't allow us to pay for any of our meal. They even gave us a coupon for a free gyoza appetizer if we were to return again. They did more than correct their mistake! They absolutely cared about our well being and wanted to make up for what had happened. To me, that speaks so much more than finding a piece of plastic and them simply "replacing" the bowl. After saying our thank yous to the waiter, cook, and manager, we were on our way out and were surprised again when the manager (who was working in the kitchen) came out and opened the door for us for one final farewell. Now to be honest, I really can't think of better customer service than the one given at Misoya. The workers there truly care about their customers. On top of that, the food was delicious! I know I will be back, and would, without a doubt, recommend this place to any ramen lover.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,10/28/2012,1078,821,6,10,9>Amazing Japanese tapas I have ever been to. Excellent mouth watering food and friendly service. I ordered:1) Ankimo- broiled liver of the sea toad, taste like delicious foie gras.2) Takoyaki- japanese traditional dumpling with octopus in their yummy sauce.3) Secret Shrimp-deep fried shrimp tossed in chef's creamy ponzu sauce.4) Zig Zag- tasty sushi soft shell crab rolled in soy wrap.5) Volcano- huge portion of firing spicy tuna, fresh salmon, crunch tempura flakes, tempura jalapeno. This portion could feed up to 4 people! 6) Okonomiyaki- good seafood pancake, too bad its a small portion compared to other places.7)Aigamo Steak (Duck Steak)- the BEST duck steak compared to Gochi. So tender and moist. Everything thing about this dish is AMAZING!8) Soba- simple cold noodle, yet appetizing.Finally, my food buddy pick a good restaurant for once. This place will be my favorite Japanese restaurant. I love this place so much I came back here twice within a week. Definitely will recommend this place to my fellow friends and yelper! =0)
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,6/4/2011,2665,2597,12,16,16>Om nom nom pancakes! I was majorly craving some and after reading Jessica C. and Connie C.'s review, I knew I had to give this little joint a try. I must warn you, this place is hard to find and you will probably miss it even if you're in the right parking lot since its nestled way in the corner in between a liquor establishment and something else. They have very limited and not so awesome outdoor seating since it basically places you next to the parking lot (and exhaust and noise ... etc.) but the food is undeniably good and hearty portions make it a cheap eats. As a quick suggestion, lunch hour is not busy on week days but weekends can get hectic. They have a huge, and I mean HUGE omeletes and other eggy goodies menu which is great for egg lovers but they also have a healthy lunch selection that will leave you feeling great back to work or put you to sleep for the entire afternoon. I'm a fan and will definitely be back!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,6/3/2011,1596,841,17,18,18>An awesome resource for teachers full of odds and ends for your classroom. There's tons of books, gadgets, supplies, toys, knicknacks, games, etc. But best of all is their project area. You can come in and use their die cutters and buy paper by the yard, or see what kinds of crazy projects they've put together. It's awesome because they come with all the pieces and it's a set price per bag so you don't have to spend the time to sit and sort. I honestly love the warehouse feel and being able to take my time and sift through the bins and seeing what treasures I can find. Total awesomeness.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,6/2/2011,3171,1316,52,32,29>**GET THE GLAZED. PERIOD.**Short and simple rules to STAN'S:(1) GET THE GLAZED. FRESH. (no substitutions)(2) EAT IT.(3) CHANGE UNDERWEAR AFTER JIZZING.Thank you for your kind cooperation.HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2011,6/1/2011,278,1731,7,9,10>Decided to come here for dinner w/ my Daughter as it's been on my "to try" list for a short while now. It's a shame I do not drink because of course, this is a British pub and I came during happy hour but I did utilize this special and got the appetizer for cheap for Tess' main entree since she wanted chicken fingers but no fries. There was actually a good and appealing list of appetizers to choose from: buffalo wings, boneless buffalo wings, chicken quesadillas (I ordered this and it's good!!), onion rings, garlic fries, etc... The menu is quite extensive for a pub / restaurant and I saw a breakfast menu! There are no kids' menu but there's what you call a "Small bites" section which ultimately are ordered for the kids.. I see clam chowder or soup of the day, varieties of salads, burgers, and a section of "British" specialties: bangers and mash, shepherd's pie, among many others. I asked the nice server which one she'd choose and she said, "Shepherd's Pie" w/o any hesitation so I was sold immediately and agreed to have that. The wait was seriously fast.. w/in 10 minutes, 2 of the appetizers came out and in 1 minute, my entree. My diet soda was refilled w/o being asked so at the end I tipped her generously. I didn't want to feel like a fatty so I only ate 2 pieces of the chicken quesadillas but I FINISHED the whole portion of my Shepherd's Pie but I didn't touch the vegetables though. The entree was cute.. few steamed vegetables, a small saucer of gravy, and the pie itself and I must say- EXQUISITELY yummy!! I only had 1/4 of the gravy.. went very nicely w/ the mash and beef... YUMMY. Anyway- If you are into sports and into alcohol, this place may be THE spot! If you want a good dining experience, I feel that this place (food and service) hits the spot as well. Damn- I forgot to ask if they are able to make mudslides.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,5/31/2011,989,460,10,12,12>I felt like pampering myself so I browsed around and stumbled upon Timeless Skin Spa. I've gotten regular massages before but noticed they also offer hot stone therapy, which really pulled me in. I called and made an appointment for an hour massage. It also mentioned somewhere on their website to arrive a little before the appointment so you could relax a bit, which was a good idea since I'm always running late =X.When I arrived, I checked in at the front desk. There was something wrong with their computer so they weren't able to print out forms for me to fill out, so we did the questionnaire verbally and it was quicker, so I didn't mind. Next thing I know, I was laying half-naked on the bed. Audra asked me how I wanted to start out. I told her to just ease her way into it, and I'll let her know if it got too intense. I was ready to escape reality. The instrumentals were soothing, the aroma, the silence, and the hot stones all contributed to a very pleasant experience. Audra did a great job and I would definitely recommend the hot stone therapy for those who haven't tried it yet. It really hits the spot.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2010,5/30/2011,76,497,11,6,6>This place has mad flay-vah. No, not flavor. FLAYYYY-VAHHH! What do they put in their Afghan rice? It's like crack.  And the cilantro sauces (there's a dark green one and mint colored one)? It's like I walked into a Muslim La Victoria's (I'm only referring to the orange sauce. La Vic's food sucks). Their Mexican tacos are BOMB. They include sour cream, tomatoes, cabbage, and some sort of sauce. It all works really well together and I regretted only buying one. Next time you're thinking of getting a rotisserie chicken. Get it here! For $10, you get a whole chicken, side of salad, and side of Afghan rice. It's so much better than picking one up at the supermarket or Costco (shudders). Tayyibaat's is fresh. FRESH TO DEF. Yes, they're not perfect.  - The chicken Tikka kebabs are somewhat dry and, besides the FLAYYY-VAH, I didn't think any of the meat was that special. (Maybe I was too busy digging into the Afghan rice and dipping everything I could into the cilantro sauces.)-  I also wasn't too impressed with the flat bread, or maybe I don't like flat bread? Next time, I'm substituting them for tortillas. They tasted hella fresh. - Call in advance or don't come in when you're starving because the wait time is excruciating. I think it was at least 20 minutes. I guess it's a good thing because you know their food is fresh. = ) - No bathroom =(Despite these issues, their FLAYYY-VAH makes up for it all. Oh, and the fresh  food, generous portions, cheap prices, and friendly service.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,5/29/2011,245,219,7,10,8>I affectionately think of her as "Miss Nancy Fancypants", not because she's too fancy for her own pants but because my pants feel so much fancier after being fitted by Nancy.I need just about everything altered, and Nancy's done a terrific job on everything I've brought in, from jeans (she offers several different denim hem options) to cocktail dresses.  Her turnaround time is good, she's always very friendly and clothing is altered and ready for pickup on time.Nancy's small shop can get crowded on weekends so if that's your only option, allow a bit of extra time for trying things on and having them pinned.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,5/28/2011,648,170,13,13,16>An hour on the elliptical, I'm covered in sweat and feel like I just spent a summers day in Vegas walking the strip wearing a raincoat and leather chaps.  Real talk:  Life is a very special gift, don't sweat the small stuff.  And unless you are watching good friends die before your eyes, or in your arms, its all small stuff mi amigos.Many will comment "Oh my god, I eat here like every day", but no really, I'm here for lunch 4-5 times a week.  I don't like cooking for one and Gombei is one of the few places I can locate in Silicon Valley and still find my way back from.  This place has always struck me as a big game of SimCity that got completely out of hand.This spot actually resembles the kind of joint one would find in Honolulu and not Harajuku, nevertheless it is very good eating.  I'll be honest, despite my snooty upbringing I'm a simple man, all I want is money, eff the fame, and my food reflects that.  I usually go with the Chicken Teriyaki and Pork Cutlet (Tonkatsu).When I find a winner, I stick with it, I'm a creature of habit, usually bad ones.  Also tried the Shrimp Tempura, Beef Yakiniku (Grilled Meat) and the Pork & Chicken bowls, all are winners.  For the more adventurous they even have Locomoco, which only adds to and solidifies the whole Hawaiian vibe I'm picking up from this place.They also have Ramen and bukakke-style Udon.  (heyoo)  I order the steamed rice with the meals as the stir-fry rice they give by default is more islander style, and difficult to pick up with chopsticks.  My only suggestion, and the only thing that prevents my 5-starring this place is a lack of Japanese teas/drinks in the fridge.Today only comes once and remember that "if" is the middle word in life, so enjoy the ride and realize what matters:  Good food, good people, good music, and good times, because nothing is forever and the end is always near.  I'm almost out of quotes and metaphors, so be good to your fellow Yelpers, and yourselves.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,5/27/2011,207,317,7,9,10>I really wish I had known how wonderful Elegant Tailoring was before purchasing my wedding gown at another bridal shop. After my wedding, I didn't want to work with the other shop to clean and preserve my dress, crinoline, and veil. Therefore, I stopped in to see if Elegant Tailoring could do it for me.Linh and her husband were so helpful, and their prices for cleaning and preserving are competitive with other shops. They use an outside company for this service, and I was never worried that I wouldn't get my dress back in great condition. I paid in advance, and Linh said she would call when the dress was ready.When I found out that Linh carries Casablanca gowns, I asked her how much she charges for the one I bought elsewhere. Her answer? About $300 less than I paid! Argh! If only!About a month later -- right on time -- Linh called to let me know my dress was ready, and she kept it for me until I could get there to pick it up. The dress looked great!As a service to other brides who are dress shopping: I will admit that I hesitated visiting at first because I didn't love the outside of the shop. However, walking in is quite a different story. The interior is clean and well-lit, and there are LOTS of dresses and enough space to walk around and look at them. This is not Kleinfeld's, so don't expect a gigantic bridal salon, but do expect a space with a cozy feel and lots of personal attention from Linh.Before buying, tailoring, or preserving your gown, check with Linh first!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,5/26/2011,236,364,7,8,8>I may have to say that this was one of the better red velvet cupcakes I've ever had...and I've been searching for a long time (nyc, boston, san fran).  Hannah, you complete me!  =)i personally did not like the frosting on the top.  This cupcake could stand on its own.  So moist, yet crispy on top...it's not too sweet and overwhelming.  It's gentle and soft.  This is red velvet.  This velvet is the standard in which all other velvets should be measured.coffee is great too.  BUT WATCH OUT FOR SOME CRAZY REPORT:  they have the best staffs.  Friendly and warm....i mean we were talking 30min after the store closed down but they were so gracious and allowed us to take as much time as we needed before we got up!!!!   I mean the doors were locked for 30min and we were the only customers but they softened our hearts with their gentleness, just like their cupcakes.   Because they embodied soft and gentle spirit, i think they are able to produce such soft and gentle red velvets.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,7/28/2008,674,373,13,18,17>I can not believe this place was not reviewed yet!!! Whoo hoo!!! FTR (eat your heart out, Walter P.) LOLA very charming hotel!!!  Mediterranean Style !  Close to a nearby freeway  called Highway 85.  If you click their website, note all the accomodations that this hotel provides.Stayed here one time probably like 3 mos ago ...just for one nite coz my parents have some guests from the Philippines and they spent the nite at my parent's place.  I didnt feel like going home(anyone who knows me know where I live)  that nite so my family and I decided to stay here.This place is charming and it almost reminded me of a Bed and Breakfast place because it's that small.  The place is clean and the bed is comfortable.  The person in the main desk was very nice and gave the history of the hotel and what it used to be.  Dont ask me what info he gave coz I dont remember (i was a zombie that nite) and  I just wanted to hit the bed ASAP.We didnt get to try their compimentary hot breakfast (so dont bother asking me that either).  Man, I just hope I can give you more info.  Just make sure you click Useful and Cool ok???  Funny will be fine, too.  Thanks
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,7/27/2008,1218,738,23,30,32>although free booze and cool parties are great, although "conversing" on talk with very *cough* interesting people is fun......lets face it, the main reason most of us yelp.... wait i take that back, the main reason  *i* yelp is to find places to check out. new to me restaurants, the fancy dancy new pk joint, the nice and greasy burger joint, the best taco truck.....michaelas flower shop falls in nicely with the likes of lime tree, zanzes....i was looking for a florist to have some flowers delivered and oooooo after finding these reviews, i had to try it. these yelpers did not steer me wrong. the flowers are beyond awesome. the peope working there are beyond awesome..... when they say they will deliver it in an hour, itll be there in 50 minutes.....these types of places is the reason yelp works.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2008,7/26/2008,726,863,24,15,11>I live in Oakland. You would think that after living in Oakland and Berkeley, that I would have been exposed to enough culture shock to last me five lifetimes. After all, my own colleagues are in awe enough of hearing how I got to work in the morning. And you would also think that after growing up in LIVERMORE...the home of the WORLD'S FASTEST RODEO....that nothing would, again, shock me.Alas, you would be wrong.So, our lovely friend Serene, with her "Sex and the City" style, a shoe closet that would put Amelda Marcos to shame, and a life time of stories from living in SF and growing up in India looks quite cospomolitan. However, she is moving to Iowa, watches "Farmer Wants a Wife," drives a big red truck called "Big Momma," and listens to country music. So, when it was her turn to pick the group outing, she chose the Saddle Rack in Fremont. And just to be sure that she had me prepared, she had me listen to "Honky Tonk Badonkadonk" on the way there.List:This place is listed as a "Cougar Den" on urbancougar.com. I now believe it.$10 coverStrong pours of whiskey (and they should have been because they weren't cheap)You can learn to do the dances if you come early. It was a bit frightening though...the instructor is kind of a nazi and it reminded me of when I had to do line dancing in PE.Lots of commotion in the ladies room.$7 for the oxygen bar + additional $$$ if you want weird massages or "sex shots."Three barsSerene and I got to speak on the air of 95.7, The Wolf.People played "lick it and stick it" in order to win Alan Jackson tickets...couples (and by "couples" I mean girl on girl) licked each other and tried to stick as many temporary tattoos on each other as possible.$4 for the mechanical bull. Yes I rode it! Duh!Serene was the belle of the ball and she looked fabulous.Apparently Bo Bice is coming this summer because they kept announcing it.The Chippendales were there last week.There was an obnoxiously large TV with pictures of drunk ladies on it.Lots of muffin tops.People take line dancing very seriously.New nicknames for our group members: Pussycat Doll, Lousiana Hot Sauce, Honky Tonk Badonkadonk, and Sparkle MotionCrazy times! I mean, I don't like country music at all, but it sure was awesome to see a whole bunch of us drunk scientists try to line dance to "Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy."
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2007,7/25/2008,162,293,14,14,16>Thank you Jesus for Mr. Pickle's. If I still worked in downtown Los Gatos, I would be here every day for lunch because it's one of the few affordable options for food in this part of town. My friend and I came here for lunch on Thursday afternoon. We had to park in the US Bank parking lot and walk down the alley (and get bitched at by the bank's parking lot security), but I didn't mind one bit: I had bacon on the brain.It's a pretty small place, so seating is limited, but it's so worth a visit.As soon as we walked in, my friend and I were greeted by the friendly Mr. Pickle's staff. When they saw that we were staring at the menu with that I-don't-know-what-I-want look, they gave us plenty of time to figure it out, and didn't pressure us. I hate being harassed into ordering, so this made me very happy. They have about thirty or so sandwiches to chose from, all of which look super delicious. I settled on the BLT on wheat with provolone, and toasted. It was delicious. I wish I'd added some spread of some sort (I don't do straight mayo, it grosses me out), but the bacon was so juicy I didn't really mind how dry the bread was. My friend got the Tony Soprano, which has salami, mortadella and something else (I think just ham). It was delicious as well, and about the size of my head. Both of our sandwiches came to about $13 total, with enough food that neither of us could finish it in one sitting, and that's quite a feat for championship fat kids like us. Also, Mr. Pickle's offers a frequent buyer card for people like me who are going to come back like every day; buy 12 sandwiches, get one free. And if you buy two sandwiches, you get a free t-shirt too. They had several varieties, in Wildcat colours if you have really outrageous Los Gatos pride, or a simple I heart Mr. Pickle's one for those of us who don't.EDIT: WAIT ! Wait !! I feel like I have to mention this... the two sandwiches & a t-shirt deal was temporary ! I hope no one reads my review and demands the t-shirt... sorry if that was misleading. The shirts are still there though, and they're I think about $12 each.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2008,7/24/2008,149,321,10,16,14>This is usually the place my husband likes to go to. For me, it's just ok. It's like an old fashioned hardware store. They seem to somehow carry everything in this small place. I wish I was still a kid because I would love to come into this place for their candy. They have candy that the big grocery stores don't stock.But, other than that, I always feel like I might be paying too much for something here. It is close and so it's nice to have someplace in Almaden Valley to go to when you don't want to hit up Home Depot again and the trip to OSH seems like overkill also.Lately I have had occasion to get keys made here, The last several times I have had that done I have been disappointed in the outcome. The keys don't work (for two separate places) which has not only caused problems, but the necessity to save receipts, come back and have it all done over again. Even a close place turns this task into a pain when the necessity for it becomes too much.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,7/23/2008,329,460,17,13,15>Okay, who here has had the chance to do the Soulja Boy dance whilst roller skating?!?!  Oh yes...yours truly...I came here on a Sunday afternoon for a children's birthday party!  One of my mom's daycare kiddies celebrated her 8th birthday party here, and I think it's a pretty fun joint for the young ones.As for us much more seasoned party animals, you may want to steer clear of this place during the weekend.  There were a bunch of other kids' birthday parties going on when I arrived, so it was a bit hectic and overwhelming.  Kids were just flying by me left and right on and off the rink.  But, it's all good.  I'm not a bad skater myself, although it took me a while to warm up and not depend on the railing!  I think the pizza is overpriced for the quality, but hey what can you do?  If you want to throw a birthday party here, I'm pretty sure you have to order their food and drinks.  Nope, I don't think you can bring in your own!  They have a snack bar, gift counter, arcade and a couple of small private birthday rooms for the kids to have their pizza, drinks and cupcakes.  I'm pretty sure you can rent out the rink for a private party, but I have no first hand experience with that.What's cool is the staff keeps the entertainment fun and lively by organizing games on the rink.  They also play a good variety of songs.  You know I got all hyped up when they played Fergie's "Clumsy," Flo-rida's "Low" and Snoop's "Sensual Seduction."  I did appreciate when they cleared all the youngins off the rink and limited skating to the 18+ crowd and played some old school jams.  Oh yesss...it was a moment of calm and serenity enjoying that rink all to myself....with a few others!  I kinda felt like I was in that one Jessica Simpson video minus the booty shorts (although I do envision renting out a rink someday for myself and close family/friends just for the exclusive purpose of roller skating and booty shorts...yes I'm calling it right now).  Overall, enjoyable experience and I'd come back if I was invited to another kids' party or want to have a fun date.  Yes, the man of my dreams has to be able to roller skate if he wants to get with this!  J/K.  No I'm not.  ;P
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2008,7/22/2008,116,234,12,14,12>I was reluctant to post how AMAZING my trainer is because I was afraid that you would all going chasing after her and I would NEVER see her again....but I can't keep her to myself any longer!It took alot of guts for me to finally realize I needed a trainer & make the phone call. Come to find out it was the easiest phone call I ever made. I called Pat at the YMCA where I was a member and started rattling off everything I needed. She suggested some trainers but by the end of the conversation I realized I didnt want anyone but her. Of course she is super busy but some how made time for me....at 6am!Who knew having a sense of humor would be one of the main things I was looking for in a trainer, but she fits the bill. I want to push myself even if I look like an idiot and she gets it, I have a big ol booty and she helps me work with it and not against it, I feel comfortable enough with her to let her see me in a sleeveless shirt and I have never been happier to get up at 6am in my life.So if you are looking for a non judgemental, fun, hilarious, half trainer half therapist then get in line!Pat is where it's at!!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2008,7/21/2008,73,128,9,7,8>Just like the other reviews, this one is for the eyebrow threading only, not the salon.So, I am Portuguese and I am lucky enough to love most of the features that come with being Portuguese. However, the hairiness I could really do without! Seriously, the bushy eyebrows are not cute and I fear a beard may be next. To top it all off, I have REALLY sensitive skin and can't get waxed at all. So, finding a good threader is important.Short version of this review: This review really is 5 stars for how my eyebrows came out and 2 for the overall experience but I'll bump it up to four stars to be nice. Rupee is great and my eyebrows look awesome for only $5.However, it is basically the last chair in a barber shop with men, women, and children everywhere. I opened my eyes to a few men staring at me getting threaded. It was a little uncomfortable.If you want great, inexpensive eyebrow threading, go to Rosita's. If you want that salon experience or just need a little privacy while removing facial hair, do not come here.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2008,7/20/2008,967,1207,18,16,17>I've been going here ever since middle school......wait, wasn't it a round table before? (reading website - oh they moved there in 2001 or so) Either way, I've been going here ever since and have enjoyed their thin crust. Honestly I'm kind of fond of thick or deep dish pizza however Cicero's has turned me around. The one pizza that I seem to always get is the belly buster...i really ought to try the others, but can you really go wrong with belly buster?say it with me...beeeeelllllllllyyyyyyyyy bbbbbuuuuuusssssttttttteeeeeerrrrrrrbelly busterdoesn't it just sound satisfying?just don't get too excited and burn your tongue...;P
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2008,7/18/2008,13,55,7,6,6>All right, you guys. Seriously, this place is absolutely amazing. Do you remember when you were a kid and you went to Sizzler with your parents and the best part was (no, not only the fried shrimp) the ice cream bar that you'd go nuts on. Well, Yogurt Land is like that; at least 12 different dispensers filled with all sorts of yogurt flavored from plain tart to peanut butter. You also get to choose fruit toppings and fun toppings like Capt'n Crunch, Coco Puffs and my favorite Lucky Charms. The layout is pretty cool, and it's easy to pile on lots and lots of toppings. I did find it odd that there is a sign that says, "No photos or cameras." Too bad, I took yo picture before I saw that sign.Give yogurt a try, seriously you'll love it. Sure beats going to Sizzler just for the dessert.  =)
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2008,6/13/2008,902,420,14,16,17>in KQN we trust.yelp.com/user_details?ussince 2008 has been all about rediscovering the southbay, i luckily have many reliable friends and sources in my epicurean adventures(thx henry, eugene, jeff, irene, connie and all of yelp!!!)...and near top of the list is mr.2000(probably nearing 3000 by the time u read this).after reading his review i was sold on hatcho being just the kind of comfort food i was hoping for on this cold wednesday evening.  there are marked differences in your experience depending on whether you can read nihongo or not.though the selections are very similar from the blue (english)menu and red(japanese)- the authentic moniker is for real.  the couple that runs things here have been serving it up to many famous nihonjin (just look at the pictures with them and people with a "chairman" title, that means more important than you and me) and customers just looking to get their firecracker roll on.thanks to my fly hawaiian-japo mamasita ordering, we dined on the following:=starters=- okra and ika in a wasabi aji  *****yelp.com/biz_photos/dnhtyou have to enjoy slimy goodness or you might cry, light flavor tho i     prefer more sinus high from stronger wasabi kick - gyoza ***super crispy...good, but taste no different from frozen kine you find in nijiya=drinks=- calpico chu-hi ****yes they have chu-hi, but only in red menu =)  a bit to sweet for my taste, but thats what i get for girly way vs. rocks de- kirin ****usually always a five, but i believe it was poured from a bottle (not draft) and only served in small or large glass??  i want my bottle!!=entrees=- hambugaa steak with egg ****yelp.com/biz_photos/dnhtlike a loco moco, but nihon no poi- suzuki with enoki and tofu*****yelp.com/biz_photos/dnhtthe best striped bass i have had in awhile and man were they generous with the serving!!!hatcho will hopefully become my southbay version of Toraya(SF)...oh did i say everything including tip came to only 50 bills!!??  ii nedan dayone!!!!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,6/12/2008,299,1733,9,14,13>Pure giddiness is what I felt tonight at 37*.  The contributions to my complete glee:*Lego land colors*Friendly bilingual staff, hooray for Cantonese in Fremont!*Extensive menu with items that are made as pictured*Complimentary hot tea*Lots of foreign and WEIRD items, I LOVE trying new things*Prices are reasonableOrdered:*L10 Thick toast: Picked option F, sesame fluffy cream, delish & cut in cute little triangles for easy sharing $1.95*S07 Fried dumpling: 4 pieces of gyoza, perfectly crisp $2.95*D03 Mango Gi Gi w/Black Pearl Barley, still not sure what Gi Gi is but I'm thinking it's some creamy, sugary concoction, the consistency was too runny, we expected pudding, gelatin, but it was neither, the flavor was very good, not too sweet, and many squares of fresh mango $4.50*F01 Create my own!!!Black Pearl Barley w/evaporated milk $2.75Longan $1.50Strawberry $1.50Kiwi $1.50Coral Weed $1.50Tadpole $1.50Honey Pearl $1.50Aloe Vera $1.50Red Bean $1.50YES the EIGHT additions were worth every bite!!!  That dessert was so delicious, textured, flavor filled & exciting!!!  My favorite item of the evening, but everything was good and I'm dragging all my gfs here!!!  Frequent buyer card: Spend $10, get 1 stamp, once filled to TEN, you can choose a gift OR $10 off your next purchase.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,6/11/2008,186,315,16,24,18>Cakes, pastries and cookies.Three of my favorite food groups!The Guava cake at Aki's is the bomb - totally famous for this.And Aki's deserves all of the kudos it gets.But now I've tried the "Peach Bavarian" has even surpassed that in my mind. WOW! It is sooooooo good!!!  Yum!!!UPDATE: Wed, June 11thTried Aki's new Passionfruit cake again this past Saturday. If you like tart frozen yogurt, you're probably going to like this!Not as sweet as the Mango cake - which is awesome too....
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2008,6/10/2008,1167,294,14,25,12>Okay. I made two unsuccessful attempts to locate this place. The first is my fault, because I realllly should invest in a TomTom so that he can explain to me how downtown San Jose street planning is confusing. And the second time they had no visible sign out (because they were closed)Why I wanted to go to them: I heard ALOT of great things about New Skool Tattoo, but unfortunately they split up into two: Death Before Dishonor and Analog. Went to both websites for each respective shop, and Analog seemed to float my boat a bit more. Matt Shamah's art to be precise.  I didn't want to discriminate just yet, so I looked around some more, went to some forgettable salon downtown and State of Grace. State of Grace has Horitaka to brag about, but I personally didn't like some of the artists' books besides Horitaka and Jill Horiyuki's. Also, it kind of put me off when I found out that they share space with Strong Tattoo. I don't have a trained eye for the greatest tattoos in the world and beyond, but I personally was not impressed by everyone's work. Just didn't get that feeling...This was before Analog. I just wanted to come in, look at books, prices, etc. I was assisted by Max. Super nice and easy going. I guess how it works is you tell them what tattoo you're looking at getting and they recommend who'll do the job best. Judging by their books, it wouldn't really matter who, because they're all really reallly good at what they do.Max recommended Jim Miner (though I wanted Matt Shamah, but I left it  up to the pros to decide). I made an appointment for the next week and did my research. Googled him. He's on Wikipedia. Was in a band called Death Before Stereo, has been tattooing for 10 years, has been in all 50 states by the time he was 20, has been on a few magazines, etc.  And he has been noted on alot of Yelp reviews. Sweeet.Rates aren't so sweet. They command about $175 an HOUR. OUCH. Unless it's a small piece, in which case you should talk to them about that. But you'll forget about that when you're in awe in how great your tattoo is.I came in unannounced the day before my appointment to give him some sort of idea of what I wanted. He had a client coming in, but he was kind enough to give me some time. I told him about the placement I wanted and what I wanted on me. Not too sure about everything else. Kind of vague, just like my haircuts. lol. I wanted to give him some creative control. Really, I just wanted alot of color. Homeboy specializes in that shit.Nice guy. He was suppper patient with me in the 4 hours inking and the frequent 3-4 minute breaks I needed. He's not much of a talker, and I wished my manicurists followed suit. Plays great music. The shop is impressive. Clean tools, bathroom, space. He has great hygenic etiquette (changed arm plastic thingy and gloves after every break I took) and I read somewhere online that he stopped working for a guy when he found out the guy was reusing his tools. He owned a shop in LA, but sold his share to make a career move here in lovely SJ. Unfortunately, this will have to be a half-assed review since I didn't finish the piece yet. Alot of friends and strangers are already really impressed with it. It's a beautiful work of art and I really appreciate the coincidence with the fact that he has a tattoo in the same area so that he emphatizes with me! I will have to return in 3 weeks to complete the piece.   He was super excited doing the piece that he even took a picture for his girlfriend to see!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2008,6/9/2008,658,727,12,18,18>Pour some curry on me!The place was packed when our party of 14 got there.  I wanted to order the Curry Rice Set kids meal (with cup of corn potage, two breaded shrimp, meatballs in curry sauce, salad, fries, and slice of fruit with an American flag toothpick).  It was the only dish that looked like I could finish (everything else on the displays looked generously portioned, and I've been on a pact with myself lately not to overeat).  I was sad to find out that only kids up to 12 years old can order from the kid's menu.  I settled for the menchi curry (it's like chicken fried steak, but with katsu breading, with an ocean of curry sauce (I ordered it "hot" but it's actually rather mild) with brown rice (you can sub your white rice with brown rice-for free- or spaghetti-for an extra charge).  I also ordered the "paper thin fried pork" appetizer, which are paper thin sliced pork, batter-dipped and fried.Ask the server for this onion relish that enhances the gustatory experience when eating your curry.  Faithy asked for 2 mini ramekins of this relish and introduced me to its wonder. Other people in our party ordered gratins, curry dishes in hot stone bowls (like hot bibimbap style), this "swampwater" green tea (tinna kept using that term to describe the drink's depth of the color; think Shrek-like green).  Most drinks have free refills, and the diverse team of servers were always on point with making sure our glasses were full.  They were very quick at fulfilling our side requests for relish, more water, take out boxes, plastic bags, etc.  The guy who took our orders was a smart one--he asked if we mind that he split the order tabs in two, then we followed with a request to split the bill in two to make the process less cumbersome.  Most servers would be intimidated by the size of our party, but he executed his job with efficiency, calmness, and courtesy.  I'd like to give special shout outs to: Alexander, Alejandro, Tiffany, and Rigoberto.  You guys work like a well-oiled serving machine!Generously portioned food, accommodates large parties well, and EXCELLENT service!(  |  )
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2008,6/8/2008,291,146,15,15,16>Mr. Kebab? This place can't be good with a name like that, right? Has anything with "Mr" in the front ever been good? Mr. Coffee, Mr. Potato Head, Mr. T.. See my point?Being curious, I walk in to find the place almost exactly the opposite of my expectations. It's clean (almost frighteningly so), there are pictures of every item (yay!) and the food is really tasty. I highly doubt it's healthy (it's salty and a bit oily), but who cares?Just walk in, stare at the huge menu, order and plop your butt down. They'll bring out the goods while you watch tv shows.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2008,6/7/2008,449,368,21,31,29>This is one of the few (if not only) studios in the East Bay that offers classes in PARKOUR. Yes, you heard me right, ladies and gents. I said parkour.Now, what is parkour, do you ask? Well, I'm sure many of you have seen the movie, Casino Royale, and remember the spectacular scene at the beginning, with James Bond chasing the bombmaking baddie over, under, and through the expansive landscape. A select few of you may have even witnessed the jaw-dropping French actioner, Banlieue (District B) 13. THAT is parkour, my friends. For a better definition, we must quote Wikipedia. "Parkour (the art of displacement) is an activity with the aim of moving from one point to another as efficiently and quickly as possible, using principally the abilities of the human body. It is meant to help one overcome obstacles, which can be anything in the surrounding environment--from branches and rocks to rails and concrete walls--and can be practiced in both rural and urban areas." For years, I have been honing my skill on the streets and the local parks, with no professional guidance, and virtually no safety equipment in the event that I make a mistake. I have perfected this craft as best to my abilities given the limited resources, and thankfully, have not sustained any major injuries. However, wanting to take it to the next level, I was elated to find this spot that offers a clean, safe environment for this aspiring urban ninja.The class is taught by martial arts master extraordinaire, and all around bad @$$, Palmer, who is well versed in gymnastics, tricking, tae kwon do, and of course, parkour. Come check it out every Saturday afternoon from 3 to 6 pm, and you will be tearing up this vast concrete jungle we call the Bay Area before long, just like these guys (youtube.com/watch?v=SmVs). And ladies (youtube.com/watch?v=s-Mq) are always welcome as well!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,6/6/2008,156,126,27,19,19>And the winner for Best Fried Chicken in Miniature Format is...:::::drum rolls:::::...China Station!If you have never had the spicy garlic fried chicken drummettes from China Station, you are truly missing out on one of the best finds in the East Bay.  Their spicy with diced jalapenos and red pepper flakes used as garnish, their crispy and garlicky as the drummettes are coated in a thick special batter, and their addicting because if the spicy/crispy/garlicky taste wasn't enough, the chicken is also super moist.  What's funny is that I can't tell you what else the place serves.  Its as if the fried chicken has hypnotized me to be its slave the moment I step foot inside the restaurant.  When I go make a visit, here is how my conversation goes:Herman N.:  Hi!Server:  What can I get for you?Herman N.: (smelled the fried chicken and is now under a deep spell and speaking monotone):  Garlic Fried ChickenServer:  What kind of rice?Herman N.:  ChickenServer:  No, I said what kind of rice.Herman N.:  ChickenServer (obviously frustrated and secretly mumbles white rice):  What else do you want?Herman N.:  Garlic fried chickenServer:  And then?Herman N.:  More garlic fried chickenServer:  And then, wait let me guess, chicken?Herman N.:  No, GARLIC FRIED CHICKEN!When the prices can't be beat and the food is super good, its a no-brainer that this place is a must visit.  I got to give a shout out to Rey M. for first introducing me to this place.  I look forward to parties/potlucks with friends as he always comes through with an entire tray of this chicken.  Cheers to Rey M.!Tips:* The place is cheap.  At Chinese fast food prices, you really get a lot of bang for your buck.* They do party trays.  Bring a large tray of this to your next potluck and you'll instantly become a hero.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,6/5/2008,674,366,12,20,19>This is definitely a place you can bring someone who havent experienced Filipino food at it's best. Goldilocks is the fast food for Filipino food, Kalesa is great family dining. The food is amazingly authentic and the staff are friendly. They're Filipino too so they can suggest the right dishes if you are still wondering what to order.Leche Flan, Sansrival and etc. Bring these home since they are good for 2-3 people. Crispy pata, Sisig, Kare-Kare, this food takes me back to old Manila... The time when women wear shawls, dress up in gowns (well they look like gowns) and men wear hats and coats (yes the climate back then was different  Ok ok I used to go out with women back then when holding hands takes 2 months of consistent courting seriously)  So order up some sisig, garlic rice and krispy pata. Perfect for after-office drinking sessions.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2008,6/4/2008,250,205,10,15,17>First place in downtown SJ that I've dug.  Ron and I got here a bit early, before the yelp event.  It's weird enough to step into a bar/lounge midday when it's not spring break in Mexico.  And the owner, bartenders, et al... probably thought we were just looking for the head.I asked if it was cool to wait it out there, and they said, if we didn't mind them prepping up a bit.  Then I ordered a couple of beers and they gave me a happy hour price and so it began.After the masses came in and it got packed, I noticed the server on the lounge side really took care of us, and she continued to do so all night.   Glasses, plates and dirty napkins filled with chicken bones were bussed away constantly.  Fresh bottles of juices and rockstar brought as was the ice bucket constantly refreshed.Raymond the bartender, how I remember the name tag, I don't know.  Was very enthusiastic about making a good mojito and I think Mary and Sab definitely approved.  We talked about my next summer drink, and how to make them, and he made me a sample version of his version, which as excellent.I was with good people, so had a good time.  I think I have found a place to go out that isn't an hour away, or is wannabe L.A.  I don't even need to worry about driving, since I can take a cab home.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2010,3/21/2010,241,320,7,11,10>i am 100% sure that i will go back here and try other stuff.For my first trip here today, i tried the meatball, jalapeno, & jack cheese sandwich at the suggestion of the lady behind the counter. It was a good sized sandwich....i should say, it was a good sized meatball. We watched while she was making it, she just dumped one massive meatball on the bun and then chopped it up. She then took an entire jalapeno, chopped that up and threw it in, then cheese and sauce.Size was great, flavor was good, but not great. I feel like something was missing that i can't put my finger--it just didn't have that wow factor for me and the person that i went with agrees. To put it another way, it was a good sandwich, but i the next time that i go there, i won't order the same thing.The pricing was really good, stuff is pretty cheap for the amount of food that you get.We were chatting with the gal who was making our sandwich, apparently this place has been open for 60 years, so they must be doing something right. I am determined to find out what that is. They have a pretty large menu, so this could take some time.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,3/20/2010,352,471,7,15,14>This spot is hot, decor off the hook, staff super friendly and attentive, good hookah, and I love the lighting!Much like everyone said, everything is 5 stars.  I have no problem recommending this place.I love how they have the lanterns from the ceiling and how the lighting from the lanterns and tables are almost set in unison.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,3/19/2010,176,249,16,12,11>I do not play any musical instrument (except mebe a penny-whistle.. sort of).. and I'm functionally a musical illiterate.. I cannot read musical scoring for any practical purpose at all... If you strapped an electric guitar on me and plugged it in.. nothing good would come of the experiment at all.Nevertheless, in search of noise-making implements to enhance the pleasure experience of my karaoke habit, I every so often walk into this store pretending I'm a real musician.. and browse among the drums and other instruments of rhythm and percussion, occasionally purchasing some sale-priced drumstix, a cowbell, a tambourine, or these cheapy lil' egg-shaped rhythm shakers... Then I take these treasures into my favorite karaoke bar and bestow on the other patrons.. the acoustic benefits of my performance with these purchases during my song.. or during someone *else's* song.  Some people think this is really, really, great!!! Others (the *jealous* ones) let me know.. in ways polite and not so polite... that a little cowbell on certain numbers *in no way* enhances *their* karaoke experience. Anyway.. be they Weide Z. fans, or a Weide Z. detractors.. It is *this* little store that they have to thank for their little bonus experience at the 7 Bamboo.I've also found some really cheap mic stands here.. which, again in the spirit of giving, I have bestowed on the 7 Bamboo. They have not held up well... and until the 'Boo patrons learn more sensible, restrained mic stand behavior.. I do not think I will be replacing the broken ones there anytime soon..Check out the toys they have here.. sometimes you can find really cheap stuff that is also good!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/22/2009,3/18/2010,1806,1048,13,17,15>I've been to several Michael Mina restaurants in the past and I have one word for Arcadia : SIMPLEThis venue is very spacious, simple, and classy.  It is located at the Marriott Hotel behind Tang bar.  I would say it is definitely more geared towards the business class around this area.  For me personally, I think the place was too simple.  It did not stand out as a Michael Mina restaurant.  But for San Jose, it would do for fine dining!  Thanks to the Silicon Valley Restaurant Week, I heard about Arcadia.  I was very surprised to find out that there was even a Michael Mina  restaurant in the San Jose area so I was curious to see how the food would turn out.  Parking was limited around the area but I somehow found myself a spot on 2nd and San Salvador for free!  All the garages that night were charging $10 due to some even going on at the Convention Center.  Overall, there are plenty of parking garages around the area including the hotel's!  My friend and I did the $35 prix-fix menu last Tuesday.  We had reservations for 8:30pm.  We were immediately seated with our menus placed in front of us.  The menu was quite large.. no need for magnifying glasses for those that are blind like me :) .  Our waiter was very friendly and accomodated to our needs.  One thing we were not fond of though was that he took WAY TOO LONG to take our orders in between everything.. We didn't mind chit-chatting but it was beyond the wait time.  We were getting a bit impatient.  "Would you like some water?"*waits 5 minutes for water and he leaves**wait another 10 minutes and comes back*" Are you guys ready to order?"*takes our orders*What I had that night:1. Proscuitto di Marne- this was delicious.  full of flavor.  I absolutely loved it and didn't want to share it with anyone!  I was happy with the proscuitto itself. It did include with a side of pickled cabbage and squash to go with the proscuitto.  Good amount to enjoy as an appetizer.  I am definitely craving for more.2. Salmon - the salmon was a bit bland for me.  Every other bite would be bland while another bite would be full of flavor.  Vegetables were burried under the salmon and complemented well with the fish.  It was a very generous portion indeed.  I think i would of prefered the steak though that came with mashed polenta and asparagus! 3. Chocolate molten cake- this was the most preferred one out of the 3 options of pumpkin cheesecake and peanut butter/chocolate milkshake for me.  I usually prefer non-chocolate desserts normally but this dessert wasn't an overload surprisingly.  The caramel ice cream that came with it was interesting.  I wasn't able to catch the full taste of the caramel.  It was like a tease.  I was able to taste it 30% but after, it felt like the flavor disappeared.. So i kept feeding it in my mouth to get the full on flavor but i failed.  Nice presentation with the whipped cream underneath.  Lastly, the milkshake was nothing too special other than finding random reese pieces in the milkshake.  I wouldn't order it otherwise but the pumpkin cheesecake ran out.  You can basically get it anywhere. Overall, this place was average to me.  Maybe ordering from their main menu would be better when i give them another try next time!  The one in San Francisco and Vegas is ten times better though and always amazed when...I left just satisfied with Arcadia.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,3/17/2010,1019,787,13,15,13>Ever since I moved up, I've been trying to find a good hair place but none were acceptable to me (I'm pretty damn picky) so I was pretty hesitant when my friend recommended this place. Good thing I went!She recommended Ilyne to me, who btw, only works Thursday-Sunday at this location. I made an appt and went in. The place is nice and clean. The staff is super friendly. The price of the haircut was pretty standard ($50 for wash & cut)But what stood out to me about Ilyne was how well she listened to me. She asked me exactly how I wanted my hair cut (I wanted a trim but still keep the length and bangs) and she did EXACTLY what I asked. Most places I go to take your request and wing it but she cut it exactly how I wanted it, even double checking with me before she cut my bangs. Plus, she's friendly and caters to you. Good recommendation and now I recommend her to you as well!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,3/16/2010,378,778,16,21,18>Two words: MAJOR FUN!!!!!I checked this place out last night with friends for one of our birthdays. I had no idea how awesome this place would be!  The gentleman took us to our room and gave us 3 mics for the 6 of us. A few of us had been here before so they knew exactly how to select songs and we were immediately on our way to ruining our voices. The room was spacious for the 6 of us to belt out love ballads and dance around the room like crazy women do. The selection of songs was massive as well. We were able to find enough songs to sing our hearts out for 3 HOURS! (Yes I have no voice today!) Bathrooms are close by and clean and they offer snacks which we didn't get. We chose from the English song book but I did see that they had song books in Japanese, Hindi and Chinesee (yes Chinesee LOL!)We were there from 10pm to 1am last night and paid $15 a person which is great! It's about the cost of going to the movies but a lot more fun! ;)Definitely will be back with friends again to lose our voices and break out a sweat dancing around!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,3/15/2010,205,174,29,48,30>2010, I'm gonna start you off... WITH THE WHOLE SHABANG!This review will NOT be about how amazing BOILING CRAB is, but I'll give you TIPS & TRICKS to this place cuz it's craacckkiinnn'!  5 stars. 5 stars. Oh, and did I mention 5 stars?TIPS FOR BOILING CRAB (in no particular order):TIP #1 - DECREASE WAIT TIMEHave the person who lives CLOSEST to Boiling Crab go and put your name down on the wait list.  This person will have to sacrifice some time, but it will be beneficial to the group so you won't be lounging around for 3+ hours. Not.  Cool.TIP #2 - TO GOSmall group, and you have a house / place nearby where you can eat at?  CALL IN AND ORDER TO-GO!TIP #3 - SAUCE?GO WITH THE WHOLE SHABANG SAUCE.  I promise you will regret it if you don't.TIP #4 - SPICINESS LEVELMild MAY be a bit spicy for folks, especially those with sensitive taste buds.  But if you don't mind a hint of spice, GO WITH MILD. MILD MILD MILD.TIP #5 - PREPARATIONPre-rip the paper towels before your food comes out and distribute evenly.  This will DEFINITELY come in handy...TIP #6 - FILLERSOrder CORN & SWEET POTATO FRIES.  It's a good filler, and it cleanses your palate from the seafoodness when you think you've had too much.TIP #7 - CHEAP-O?If you have a TIGHT WALLET, and you don't know what to get - ORDER SHRIMP!  Best.  Bang.  For.  Your.  Buck.TIP #8 - SMELLY HANDSGot dirty hands from all the smelly seafood?  Use the lime to get the grime out from under your nails, and it makes your hands smell FRESH & CLEAN (but please do us all a favor, and actually wash your hands)TIP #9If you think $0.75 waters are too expensive, get a soda for $2.  It has unlimited refills...!!TIP #10Bring a SHARPIE!  You can write on the benches, pillars, walls, etc.  Think of cool things you can write, and come back to months later and smile :DTIP #11Don't wear anything fancy.  You WILL get at least one drop of sauce squirted on you.  Guarantee it.TIP #12Things nearby if you're waiting: Toppings (same plaza), Target, Tapioca Express (in the Asian Plaza if you pass Target)TIP #13Fill up your gas tank at the Chevron right next door.  It's the cheapest Chevron within 20 miles.  Guaranteed. [has nothing to do with Boiling Crab, but I thought I'd share that with you folks.]...more tips to come.Boiling Crab is an experience for NorCal folks.  There's a TON of BCs in SoCal, but I guess this is a new hit.  This place is DEFINITELY worth a try... :D
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2010,3/14/2010,2665,2597,10,10,13>I actually didn't know it was called the San Jose Center for Performing Arts when I came here a few years ago to watch the Nutcracker ballet which I thought was at most okay. However, I came back last night to watch Avenue Q and for some reason it gave me a much better impression of this place because although it's small, it just means the seats are a little more intimate to the show. The sound was good and there weren't any technical difficulties during the show that really ruined anything for me in terms of quality of show. I didn't like that their food stands and drink stands were cash only as I used cash to park around downtown San Jose but didn't think a show of this caliber would be cash only. However, the ushers were nice and very helpful. It's actually relatively well designed as the bathrooms, inside and out, cater to a large crowd so even though there was a huge line at the women's bathroom, it moved quickly and this is one of the key things about it that I liked about the performing arts center. I am coming back again for OVO in March ... we'll see!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,3/13/2010,517,79,23,19,18>Banh Mi, 101 Ok, The Captain admits, he has only recently discovered the wonders of "banh mi" which refers to the ubiquitous Vietnamese sandwich. Now, many of you out there know far more than The Captain, about this subject, but for the sake of those unfamiliar, please bear with us. It could be fun. Have you ever heard of "the blind leading the blind"? Besides, it never hurts to review, and there WILL BE A QUIZ at the end of this... Hee hee! See? Captain Round Eye Pudgy Hole made a funny! AHEM! Vietnamese sandwiches come with a bewildering variety of meat, egg and vegetarian fillings, although I have yet to discover any which come with cheese. These savories are virtually always served on a fresh (hopefully) 10 inch baguette, which is split lengthwise ala' hot dog bun, and slathered with mayonnaise or something that resembles it. Are you still with me fellow round eyes? Let me know if I'm going too fast. This construction almost always includes, besides the various fillings available, julienned, pickled daikon, which is a kind of gargantuan radish, bean sprouts, onions, cilantro, thin sliced jalapeno and sometimes sliced, pickled cucumbers and/or pickled julienned carrots. This joint has the largest selection of fillings The Captain has yet seen, so he ordered two BBQ pork and one grilled chicken sandwiches, a couple of egg rolls, and a tray of 3 of those Vietnamese spring rolls which The Captain can't recall the name of, rolled in a sheet of cold rice pasta, and filled with some of the fresh veggies listed above, including mint leaves and usually shrimp, and with a spicy peanut based sauce on the side. Hopefully, at least some of this would last long enough for Ma Megabyte to sample as well. At 3 bucks each, the sammies were a bit more expensive than those found elsewhere, but when The Captain bit into a BBQ pork one, he instantly understood why. The things are huge, and contain considerably more filling, and double the meat than the venerable Huong Lan joint down on Tully Rd. It also burst with flavor and the one he sampled at Huong Lan, wasn't quite as tasty and was a bit too salty. Ma Megabyte and I both liked the BBQ pork best, but also liked the grilled chicken. The fact this was free range chicken from a local Vietnamese ranch, was apparent. It tasted, well, chickenier. Ma adores Vietnamese spring rolls. The Captain will eat them, but is compelled to close his eyes before biting into one, because their appearance reminds him of... You really don't want to know. The egg rolls, despite being in a hot box for who knows how long, had a lovely crispy wrapper which shattered like glass when bitten, showering The Captain with lots of oily, golden brown "shards". Just perfect. However... The filling was greasy, mushy and unremarkable. I think I'll stick Huong Lan or House of Egg Roll to get my "roll on"... or is it... "Egg is how I roll" or maybe, "Egg rollin on a river"??? God, I'm so confused... YOU KIDS WITH YOUR FACE HARDWARE, YER BRITCHES FALLING DOWN, (Although the Captain likes it when he sees that on girls) TATTOOS, AND YER "GANGSTA" PATOIS. YER HIPPITY HOP MUSIC! YER ALMOST AS FU**ED UP AS WE WERE BACK IN OUR DAY WITH OUR...Drugs, rock and roll, unprotected sex, questionable hygiene... Um... Never mind. Anyway, so far, given our limited exposure to the wares at either joint, we will call it a draw for now. Huong Lan is larger, and seems to offer a bigger variety of everything except sandwiches, but Thanh Huong has better seating and appears a bit cleaner. So... The Captain bangs the gavel and declares... Five Stars. This and all other reviews posted on yelp.com by "Captain Pie Hole" are copyrighted 2009/2010 by Pie Hole Publishing. All rights reserved.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,3/12/2010,428,2224,13,17,15>So they have completely redone their menu... Wings are still a go on Wednesdays No more Jalapeno beer... No more White Sangria house made They have now gone Cajun and I am not mad to the slightest 1. Alligator bites (think chicken tenders but a million times better) 2. Catfish Po'Boys 3. Red Bean and Rice side4. Jambalaya 5. still have the beer battered french fries and sweet potato fries 6. Pulled Pork Sandwich with coleslaw I actually like 7.  Alligator Burrito- frigging huge and amazingly spicy XOXOXO!! 8. where else are you going to get etoufee in Santa Cruz 9. desserts.. as usual awesome  10. grilled veggies in balsamic with hummus is still fab. So I am disappointed that no one else likes the Cedar Plank or the Veggie burgers I am happy that the chef is cooking what he loves and it shows... will be back for more ragin' cajun
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,11/27/2012,492,201,21,20,19>me: if one of the 49ers and i were falling off a cliff at the same time, who would you rescue first?bf: umm...me:  :(bf: well...they are bigger people...so umm..they need more help...but i mean, you...bf: love you! :)=_=with that kind of love for the niners, i knew i had to get him a custom niners cake for his birthday. i had an idea of the kind of cake i wanted - a red velvet sheet cake of the 49ers football field, topped with a football and a helmet with his face popping out. i began to call all the specialty bakeries in the bay area, asking if they could create such a vision in edible form. i was either given ridiculous price quotes ("oh you want a picture of his face printed on the cake?...that will be an extra $75, on top of the base price for a sheet cake") or told that my design was too complicated ("how am i supposed to put him INSIDE the helmet...?"). i was feeling extremely sad and began to entertain the idea of pursuing a career in cake design, just so i could get my bf his dream birthday cake. a friend of mine recommended c'est si bon bakery, raving about their gorgeously designed and delicious cakes, and i immediately contacted them.i was greeted by shay, who was incredibly friendly and helpful. i told her about the kind of cake i wanted and sent her a few pictures of what i had in mind. "absolutely, we can definitely do this!", she told me, after listening to my ideas. i was ecstatic to have finally found a bakery that could fulfill my request, and eagerly placed my order. i scheduled an appointment with shay to pick up the cake, and was warmly greeted by her and her family when i arrived. the store is quite spacious with beautiful glass displays of freshly baked pastries and scrumptious desserts. while waiting for shay to bring the cake out from the back, i eyed several treats, and decided to pick up a few for a snack later on. the napoleon (s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com) was a wonderfully flaky puff pastry, filled with sweet vanilla custard and topped with a generous sprinkle of powdered sugar. the chocolate mousse tear (s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com) was a decadent chiffon cake, with chocolate ganache, chocolate mousse, and chocolate sprinkles! if you love chocolate, this will definitely be a favorite for you :)shay brought out the cake i had ordered and i was absolutely in awe. aside from the helmet i had requested (with his face inside! yay!) and the football, she also added many intricate details, such as grass patches around the field, and the actual 49ers logo in the end zone (s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com). she informed me that the entire cake was edible, with the helmet made of rice krispies and the football made of fudge. i was so excited to surprise my bf with his beautiful cake, which completely exceeded my expectations. i love the detail c'est si bon put into the cake, from the laces on the football to the "SF" flags around the body. she offered me a variety of candles to choose from for the cake, from sparklers to a colorful set to numbers for the age. i decided on the sparklers, which made the cake even more beautiful when lit (s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com). thank you c'est si bon for helping make my bf's special day absolutely amazing. he loved the cake so much that he almost didn't want to eat it because it was so incredibly beautiful! but when he finally did, he raved about how delicious it was :) moist red velvet cake topped with a light whipped frosting, between layers of tangy cream cheese. all of our friends were in awe with the gorgeous cake and kept asking me where i purchased it. if you are looking for a beautifully designed custom cake, with amazing details AND a delicious filling, definitely choose c'est si bon bakery! not only are they incredibly affordable and accommodating to all my requests, they also have delicious pastries if you're interested in just a snack. i will definitely be back again for all my future cake and dessert needs :)
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,11/26/2012,322,342,12,11,9>What saviors!! So I don't usually go to the salon for nails just because I'd rather spoil myself with good food than good nails, but I made the mistake of purchasing an at home acrylic nail set from Walgreens thinking I was the shit and could do awesome nails--WRONG. I gave myself the bumpiest, dryest, nastiest looking acrylic nail set you could ever imagine. And I had no idea how to take this hard mucus looking acrylic off so I had to go to the salon.Yelped a few places and discovered this place was the cheapest. Oh, and they were also pretty much the only place that could understand freaking English. One other place I called and the lady was like, I don't know how much remove acrylic cost, solly! IDIOT. But the lady who I called to set up an appt was very nice to call me after I set up an appt at 2:30 to let me know an earlier appt was available because she knew I wanted my gunk off ASAP.So it was a bit awkward coming in, no front desk and everyone was busy so I just sat myself down while everyone stared at me. Hi, how doing, ok...then one lady asked me what I wanted done and I showed her my nail are masterpiece. She laughed!!! That's how ugly I did my nails!! She used her filing machine and sawed away my work and it took about an hour from waiting to being done.Overall I love how cheap this place was, to remove and redo acrylic french nails it was $30 (i don't do nails often so let me know if you know a cheaper place!!). CASH ONLY, they have an atm machine handy that charge 1 dolla! I would have loooved to give this place 5 stars only if they engaged more in talking to you rather than hollering all over the place in Vietnamese. But it's so rare to find a place like that lol. I love my acrylics!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,11/25/2012,527,200,3,6,5>I don't give a BLUSH what you think! This spot is hot / trendy / and sexy. I came here on a friday night and it was crowded. There was a line of people waiting to get into this lounge. The San Pedro square market area is really poppin these days and i would say Blush is it's first lounge club area. Since the weather is nice and warm at night i enjoy how blush has a nice outdoor area for bottle service. The club is very sexy and sleek! On friday the day i went they were bumpin alot of Top 40's hits of the 90's. There was a good amount of people dancing and a good amount of people mingling. I like the crowd here, it was a mix of all different ages and diverse. I am gonna say when your in here it give you a santana row feel / vibe. Also this place is free admission during the night lounges so this is a plus! Come here during the summer and get ur FUN on!I really want to try and eat hear and i heard the happy hour is well worth it. I am sure to come back here, actually i am going there tonight because i want to check out the happy hour!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,11/24/2012,250,720,9,6,7>I'm not sure what ethnicity to categorize this style Mexican food. It's more surfer-xican food than pure Mexican food. All I know is, if you detonated a nuclear blast above Campbell, Taco Bravo would still be standing, and they would continue to serve their alcohol absorbing food. This place has been here since they had multiple nightclubs in the Pruneyard and at the water tower.  Campbell PD ought to credit this place for saving lives. They do provide a public service by feeding generations of boozers and stoners -- I'm neither, I'm more of a boner-- with enough re-fried beans to absorb at least most of the 0.8% alcohol toxicity level in the blood stream. Eat their Super Burrito or their Burrito Verde, and absorb that Vodka out of your Kamikazes, is what I would say. Stick your whole face in between the taco shells of their cheap beef/cheese taco and lap every oz. of that  tasty meaty, ground beefy, cheezie, lettuce, tomato, onion...lap, lap, lap. Hey, for $4.14, it's a lot better than a night in county jail with someone who might pork you when you're not looking.As for the staff...they're great. Most don't speak Spanish (at least the night shift staff don't...oh yeah, their open 'till 3am), it's mostly surfer-speak. And all look like ex-roadies who toured with Ted Nugent.  Have 5 or 6 beers, have your gin and tonic, and drop by here and enjoy their food while de-toxing on their front cement benches.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,11/23/2012,467,23,8,14,11>This is by far the best authentic Thai food I've ever had. I will FOREVER come here as long as they keep serving my dishes "Thai spicy". Ask for "Thai spicy" and you'll be hooked!  Only bad thing about this place is the parking situation. There's never enough parking and not enough people coming here. :( Overall, service is excellent, food is even better and it's always squeaky clean. No one should miss out on this place for reals.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,11/22/2012,711,1302,9,11,7>So. Now being the single girl I am and living in a very brand new place, I've had to figure out how to do things a little differently from living in the city.The Market by Safeway helps me do that.It's great for necessities such as bread, milk, eggs, etc, but for more pharmacy like items such as B12, cough meds, etc, this is not your place to stop.It's really well situated on the lightrail line and makes it ridiculously easy to stop in between trains and grab some stuff for dinner on your way home.I'd give it a 5 normally because they have 6 self check outs (fantastic) but because it's not a full Safeway sometimes you make a wasted trip looking for items they don't carry.Ah, well. Yay Safeway!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,11/21/2012,534,573,8,17,12>I'm the ultimate chicken when it comes to heights - but I can honestly say that I felt very comfortable zipping between each platform that was built around some very massive redwood trees. Our guides, Mitchell and Sam, were entertaining as well as professional. They made sure that we were tethered and harnessed at all times allowing me to feel safe.First zip line was a bit scary, but as the time progressed, it got easier and easier to zip between one platform to another. The excursion is about 2 hours - and it went by so FAST! I was definitely an "AWWW - really? It's over?" moment when it came to our last zip line. I was ready to do more!Highly recommended and I would do this again in a heartbeat!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,11/20/2012,748,351,7,16,14>This has got to be the best place I've ever eaten at HANDS DOWN! I would give this place 5 more stars if I could. I'm not going to write too much about this place as most of the yelpers have already mentioned most of it. I highly suggest getting their jerk chicken here as they are known for it. If you have been to their other place in Menlo Park, this place is identical and run by the same family. If you have been to Coconuts in Palo Alto, this place is just as good, as this is their sister restaurant also owned by the same people who are extremely friendly. If you're like me and love those family owned businesses because of how they know how to treat their customers and always seem to have the best food, then this place is for you.I've had a lot of things on the menu from this place, from their jerk chicken, oxtails, their bbq ribs to their corn festivals. My son simply loves their ribs here and he's a sucker for ribs. I usually get their jerk chicken and oxtail combo which comes with rice and beans and a side salad. Soooooo gooooood, my mouth is seriously watering just talking about it. I'm so glad that they opened up a closer location to me. I won't stop coming back here until this place simply falls off the earth. There is so many things on the menu that I still need to try so as long as the food stays the same, I will continue to keep coming back to this place weekly. Next on the my to try list jerk chicken wrap.......YUM!You want some authentic Caribbean/Jamaican food you better come here, I GUARANTEE you there is no other place better.KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK HERE GUYS, I'M SO HAPPY YOU GUYS OPENED UP A CLOSER LOCATION.MY FAVORITE SPOT TO EAT HANDS DOWN!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,11/19/2012,285,153,9,12,9>Came here for a small birthday gathering and was definitely pleasantly surprised. I've been to Cupertino Square before and thought the entire shopping center was filled solely with Asian stores and restaurants. It absolutely thrills me that this place is here and sticks out like a sore thumb.I was kind of bummed that we sat in the outside seating area since the inside of this place is clearly very awesome. Red velvety wallpaper and red plush leather seating this day and age? Yes please! I was also pleased with the small group of older gentlemen sitting at the bar speaking in various English/Scottish/Irish accents - one of them mumbled something to me as I ordered a drink, didn't understand a word, but I'm sure it was either inappropriate or insulting. Either way, it only added to the ambiance.I'm pretty stoked that they have Fuller's ESB on tap, but would have loved at least one IPA to scratch my fancypants beer taste itch. Next time I'll definitely sit inside, order some fish and chips and try to find a translator for the drunk blokes at the bar.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,11/18/2012,490,412,10,10,11>Great job SJC.  New food options, and now even a waiting lounge if you're waiting for arriving passengers.I love the expanded security checks, and the new terminal is great.  Now if they can only add more flights I'd be much happier.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,11/9/2014,163,177,1,12,9>Ok ok ok. ...i was honestly a little skeptical when i stepped foot through the door.  It was new, but there was almost nobody there and i felt a little nervous eating somewhere that didnt look busy at all. My girlfriends and i hesitantly ordered.  My order was half a pound of clams and half a pound of shrimp. .. They were offering a 20% discount as their grand opening catch, but i didnt want to order much else in case i hated the sauce.  Im usually always on edge when i try out new creole/cajun spots, because they often fail at achieving the right flavor. When my food came out, i inspected the sauce and realized this was one of the more soupy kinds, not the thick types.  Let me tell you, the only spot that i approve for thin, soupy sauce would be crawdaddy. .. And even then, sometimes its slightly off there.  For the first few bites, id made up my mind: I HATED IT! !!!! But then after continuously eating, i actually started to change my mind. ... It started to taste good and flavorful after awhile.  By the end of my meal, the sauce had won me over! As a matter of fact, i ordered some more shrimp :). The only thing i wish was different would be that the clam shells are smaller.  Theyre hefty and large, and took up a lot of weight.  The clams themselves were juicy, but i did not get much because of the shell weight. The servers here were sooooo nice and accommodating! They definitely tried their best to be attentive and it shows! Very friendly and provided great customer service.  My advice to you would be to give this place a chance! The sauce may not look or taste too appealing at first, but it definitely grows on you.  The sauce is unique and really differs from other places in terms of flavor.  I will be back:)
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,11/8/2014,14,46,12,16,15>I've found my new favorite crepe place! Can't believe that this place is, literally, a five minute drive from my house, in a shopping center that I always frequent, and I had never been there prior to my visit a week ago. When my friend and I went in, there was only one girl working there. I was immediately impressed with how clean and organized everything was. I'm so used to going to dessert places where the tables are sticky and crumbs are all over the place. And since I have OCD, the cleanliness of this place made me a little giddy. :)My friend and I both got the #9 (Strawberry, banana, and Nutella crepe) and she added a scoop of ice cream on hers. They were ready in less than 5 minutes. While we were eating, I decided to get another one for my Mom. The girl took my order and asked if I wanted her to make it right away or when we were about to leave, and I told her the latter. She kept an eye out on how we were doing, and when we were about to leave, the crepe was ready, freshly made! I will definitely be a returning customer! Thank you for the efficiency and friendly service!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,11/7/2014,74,28,24,22,23>Sometimes you gotta get your Munch On!Oh, Iguanas....how many Starving Students lives you've Saved!!!....& now as a mature adult....they still bring back memories of filling my tummy when on a budget. Ordered a Carne Asada BURRITOZILLA to take home....it was devoured completely for lunch & dinner. Thank you.....my guilty craving satisfied¡ :-)
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,11/6/2014,878,405,21,24,23>Even though there are a million places to get a Vietnamese sandwich in San Jose, I wouldn't mind driving to Morgan Hill for Jonty's sandwiches.  Add an egg to the anchovy garlic steak sandwich or add pate to the pork belly sandwich, and you won't be disappointed.  Shoot, why not add both pate and an egg to their Cha Lua?! Okay, next time!      All their protein options are wonderful and tasty, tender and cooked to perfection.  My favorite, and usually my weakness, has got to be their pork belly.  This pork belly exerts some kind of gravitational pull...in a form of crispy skin and legitimate fattiness.  I've had pork belly sandwiches elsewhere, but this is one to remember.  Sometimes I have to change it up a bit and choose between their lemon grass pork and anchovy garlic steak.  Oh life can be tough at times.  I mean, my taste buds are always picky, but they're always content with any of these options.  In addition to protein, EVERYTHING between the buns are fresh!  Watch out for them jalapenos!   Obviously, I like this place.  Cozy outdoor seating, very friendly service, refreshing drinks, and quality eats...  What more can you ask for?!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,11/5/2014,1259,56,25,29,28>Sooo fresh, hot, and delicious!!! Must come back again!On Saturday, September 6, 2014, it was New York Pizza's Grand Opening. I was here for dinner with my family & our widow family friend. I was amazed by how huge the King Kong Size Pizza was! Awesomeeeeeee. Yes, I like it big! Wow. As in eye popping massive. Their pizza sizes are Medium 12", Large 15", X-Large 18", and King Kong 24"! Chicken Pesto, Combination, and BBQ Chicken pizzas were great! Delicious!!! Crunchy and crisp too! Dough tasted very fresh! Many more flavors to try! It was sooo crowded & busy with many patrons! Inside and outside seats too. I'm very happy for them, especially being grand opening day. Very friendly and attentive service. Vinh is great!Next time, besides more variations of pizza, I would like to try the wings, calzone, and salad. As soon as I saw calzone on the menu, I was already stuffed...full from all those massive sized slices! Calzone is what I loved as a child, and I am sure with the quality of the flour, sauce, and yummy toppings...I would be craving for the filling in a cheesy, ooey, gooey calzone! The ingredients are very fresh in all the pizzas I had that night! Yummy, totally a must try in San Jose, CA! Huge portions! I highly recommend this location for your pizza, wings, salads, calzones, family, friends, & singles night!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,11/4/2014,295,176,20,24,21>This place gets pretty busy during rush hour lunch time and dinner time. Luckily, I've never had to wait for a table since I always beat the lunch rush hours or dinner hours. Food comes out quickly especially if you get pho, the rice plates takes some time but it is very delicious. My favorite dish that I usually get here is the #20 - rice with grilled chicken and fried bean curd wrapped with shrimp. If 'm not in the mood to get my usually rice plate, I opt for their chicken pho especially on super cold winters :) I can't forget my spring rolls too!I like the staff here because they are attentive, friendly, and efficient. You may find them running around a lot since the place gets pretty busy during the rush hours of lunch. Don't forget to try their pearl drinks! My fave is their avocado smoothie :)
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/3/2014,405,477,52,25,24>Here is a few tips to all the guys out there who find themselves in deep trouble with their better half:1. Don't argue. Trust me on this, you're never going to win and as a wise man once said, "when you find yourself in a hole, quit digging." 2. Take her out to La Foret, order a nice bottle of wine, apologize for your transgressions, and of course look her in the eye and tell her how much you love her. 3. Go home and enjoy just how much steps 1 and 2 just paid off.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,11/2/2014,739,432,21,24,25>Happy Independence Day!Awesome fireworks show here tonight, in 20 minutes of our taxpayer money going up in brilliant flames. The end was wild. There were so many fireworks going off at once that the whole park was lit up like it was daytime!There must have been 10,000 people crammed into the park and on the street (Kiely Blvd, which was closed off to vehicles). What fun! The ensuing traffic jams when the event was over, not so fun. Good thing we live nearby and could walk over, muahaha.During the rest of the year, this is a great park with a ton of space, basketball courts, short trails, a duck pond, an amphitheater, and is situated close to the Community Center, the Swim Center and the Library. And in Silicon Valley where space comes at a premium, this is one huge park indeed.The softball field is also home to events during the year, like last week's Silicon Valley BBQ Cookoff. With so much going on at Central Park, there's never a dull moment!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,11/1/2014,93,135,10,9,10>If you haven't tried this place, GO ASAP!I don't have much to say about this place because it just speaks for itself. Bacon-wrapped hot dogs for $2.50?? 2 please!! If you're a big eater like I am, trust me, you're gonna want to order two.The hot dogs remind me of when I was visiting Hollywood and they'd have hot dog ladies every few steps along the Walk of Fame. I was so hungry that day I literally finished my dirty dog in 3 bites. Yup. Try to bring $1 and $5 if you can and I don't think he takes cards.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,10/31/2014,615,556,5,11,7>Ciano's is one of the newest additions to Campbell Avenue, housed in the same structure as Opa! and Mo's. (Which can definitely get a bit confusing if you're seated in the front patio.)I've only been here for after-work happy hour on a few occasions, but feel it's a solid 4-star joint. The decor is fun, the bathroom is spotless, the servers are polite (but could be faster, especially during happy hour) and the food and drinks are, well, 4-star worthy. I always order the Dominicano Sliders, which are just about perfect:"A juicy, natural, wood flame grilled ground sirloin, Dominican style "CHIMI" burger served with beefsteak tomato, pickled red onion, cabbage, and awesome sauce, on a pretzel bun"(Not sure what the "awesome sauce" is, but it's appropriately named.)I usually wash that awesomeness down with a Palomita or two:"Tequila Blanco, grapefruit juice, meyer lemon juice, ginger beer, simple syrup"Five stars are on the horizon, if they make their drinks a bit stronger, and their service a bit faster (at least during the happy hour time crunch). Overall - a great addition to the Downtown Campbell scene.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,11/11/2007,204,309,12,10,12>Whoda thunk in white-bread Saratoga (home of sparkly clean city trash cans every 60 ft. - LOVE that!) we'd find great Thai.How could you not love a menu with enticements like "Evil Jungle Curry" and "Weeping Tiger"?! I ordered the latter and was rewarded with the most delicious meat/salad combo ever. The beef was ultra lean and tender with a 'glow' inducing heat tempered with garlic and citrus.Made this big cat purr, fer shurr. Grrrrawrrr.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2007,11/10/2007,622,446,7,11,14>I've been walking & driving by for months now, wondering when they'd be open.  I walked by today because I was downtown for Oktoberfest, & lo & behold, they're open!!  I asked them when they opened, & their answer was "today, a few hours ago."You can taste various flavors of gelato before you buy...I ended up getting hazelnut and dark chocolate in a small cup (you can get 1-2 flavors in a small cup).  I tried a taste of the chocolate hazelnut too, but liked the plain hazelnut better.  It comes with a long cylindrical cookie that has chocolate sauce inside (surprise!).  My friend got fresh ginger (yes, that's a flavor) and double espresso (or some sort of coffee type flavor, I forget the exact name).  She said the ginger was very good with bits of carmelized ginger in it.They have several other unusual flavors, such as lychee, green tea, gingerbread, so I'll have to try those out some other time.  The small, with tax ended up being $3.19.Looks like they also sell espresso drinks, some bottled drinks, and chocolate (there were posters up for the chocolate, but I didn't see the actual chocolate).There's 6 small tables inside, and a few (2-4?) tables outside.  There's a large screen TV mounted on the back wall, which was turned to KQED, from what I could tell.There's a single room unisex bathroom (which I did not investigate).  I would hope that since it was their first day open, that it's clean!This could be dangerous, gelato within walking distance of my house!  But I guess if I walk there & back, it's not as bad, not that the walk is long enough to burn off enough of the calories or anything close.Located on the north side of Campbell Ave., between Second and Third St., in the same building as Aqui (which is on the corner).
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2007,11/9/2007,281,619,5,6,10>I always feel a little like I'm back in that lumberjack town in Oregon where I grew up when I walk in here.  Still, I liked the empty beer bottles decor and lively hometown feel of the place.  I also took a liking to the quirky bluegrass/country band that played there on Fri night (the saw player rocked in a ZZ Top kind of way).  They have a variety of untraditional pizza toppings, but we stayed safe that night and ordered Angel's Heavenly Hawaiian and Debra's Garden with pepperoni.  The veggie/pepperoni pizza was so top heavy that it was risky proposition as you lifted it up closer to your mouth.  Their pizza is good solid stuff - not the best I've ever had but tasty enough to fill any pizza craving.  Next time, I'm getting more adventurous and maybe having Will's Wild Vegi (garlic sauce with fruits and nuts?) or the St. Paddy's Corned Beef & Cabbage.  Go on double coupon days to make it worth your while!  3.5
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,11/8/2007,4961,1539,9,23,23>When AJ raves about a restaurant, you know you're in for a treat. I had been curious to try out Sumika, a small Japanese restaurant tucked away in the middle of State & Main Streets in my old hood of downtown Los Altos for a while now, so I was excited when my foodie friend suggested it. When I arrived, I identified the table reserved for us by the place card with AJ's name along with Japanese characters handwritten on it. The interior was modern and cozy, but they need to readjust some of the bulbs in the track lighting so it doesn't point straight in your face. Since I was dining with a regular, I asked him to order for the both of us. We tried a variety of dishes, including:-Chicken Skin with ponzu (you must eat it with the ponzu jelly)-Homemade Tofu (so tasty it just melts in your mouth)-Paprika Orange Soup (nice and refreshing on a hot summer evening like it was)-Chicken Karaage (crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside)-The famous chicken yakitori skewers of Momo (thigh) and  Hatsu (heart - not scary at all like I had imagined)-Cherry Tomatoes rolled in a slice of Black Pork (just pop the whole cherry in your mouth or else it will be a mess)-Oyako-don (perfectly cooked chicken and egg over rice)-Tea Panna Cotta (nice sweet treat to top off the meal)Seems a lot of food, but it turned out to be just the right amount. Every small dish was so wonderfully made and delicious. Paired with some Koshihikari Echigo, and it was the perfect meal. I also have to mention that the servers were quite endearing too, they would constantly ask for our approval to bring out the next dish.I'll definitely be bringing mom the next time I go!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2007,11/7/2007,412,187,57,20,25>In case anyone from Ardenwood Farm actually reads this, I want to apologize on behalf of my father. I truly believe that he did not mean to steal the pumpkin from your annual pumpkin patch. Thank you for being so gracious when apprehending him. He knows not of the ways of this country. Sincerely, The daughter of Victorino S. F-----PS, you have a lovely corn maze
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2007,11/5/2007,1251,575,5,10,7>I am all about spiciness.  I love my spicy foods.  I mean, I snack on fresh serrano chiles.I've also been told time and again that if I love spicy foods, i should try "hotpot", whatever that is.Finally, after some years of hearing this, I finally got the chance to try it!   I figure if the soup is as spicy as they claim, I was in for a good time.Well - - - Little Sheep Hot Pot is in a nice standalone building, and is brightly lit and looks very clean.  But upon entering, it smells more like little Delhi than little Mongolia.  Perhaps both countries claim ownership of curry, but I'm not seeing how a hotpot place should be using this much curry?We ordered entirely too much.  The meat dishes range between $5.95 - $7.95 here, with most of the veggies being $3.95 per plate.  But keep in mind, the servings / portions are HUGE.  They give you plenty of fresh meat - and enough veggies to feed 4 people per plate.  Order carefully.  Our server was kind enough to look at our order and tell us it was way too much - and started scratching things off after verifying it with us.Some of the notables were as follows:- Premium Beef:  tender slices of beef, marbled really nicely, and very flavorful.-Shrimp Balls:  tasted very dim-summy, but it was really good.- Tofu Cubes:  integral part to soup-Taro Root:  a lot like potatoes, and it's always been one of my favorites.  If you don't know it - then stick to potatoes.  It's very similar, but taro root has a bit more flavor.- All the vegetables at Little Sheep are outstandingly fresh.  Order away.- Lamb Skewers:  DELICIOUS!  Moist cuts of lamb in a shishkabob style.  NICE.  I believe it was about 4 for $5.95.They use an electric burner on the table that keeps the soup piping hot.  Very cool.We ordered the half orginal and half spicy soup bases - - - but you can always ask for the hot sauce on the side, so ordering an original and making it as spicy as you want might be wise.Now, what I didn't like were the following:-I told you I am about spicy, right?  Well, LSHP uses chile OIL.  In soup, that means the oil floats, and only the top portion of each spoonful is spicy.  There's no punch to chile OIL, at least not for me.  I'd much rather they use chile flakes and fresh peppers... not this oil stuff.  Even a chile paste would have been better.  Whatever you use - make it really SPICY!!!- Curry.  I love curry.  But I still can't figure out how it belonged in here.  I grant you that the strong scent of curry perhaps masks the gaminess in the lamb should you cook your lamb in the soup, but figure something else out.  It didn't work for me at all.- Dumplings:  Mongolian-style, said the menu.  Uh.... you mean, tasteless style.  Soggy wrappers, and very bland and tasteless filling.- Soup Base:  Flavorful, yes.  But also a whole gallon of salt and MSG.  Now add in the chile oil floating on top, and it's just not the best, IMO.LSHP seems to be a good place at which to gather with friends, drink some sake while slurping on good soup.  The concept is good - - but I just didn't appreciate the flavors.  It was like Sukiyaki, but more jumbled up in taste whereas Sukiyaki tastes clearly Japanese, from the first bite to the last.  I wasn't sure if this was Chinese, Japanese, Indian or Afghanistan food.  I still don't know.Service was impersonal but efficient.Would I go again?Well, yes.... I think I would.  But it wouldn't be my idea, and if I did go, I think I'd be better prepared to order the right things to perhaps better my experience.  For the moment though - - LSHP gets 3 stars from me.  Worth trying, but may or may not be your cup of tea.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2007,11/3/2007,329,460,8,8,10>Ladies and gentlemen, I am saving my 100th review for a special place.  Now, I claim to be a SANTA CLARA girl at heart.  Life has taken me to different parts of the world, most recently three years spent in New York and a year in Washington, DC but there's no place like home.  With that being said, allow me to push for small business owners here on my turf by writing this review (my 100th!) for VIP-Oriental on El Camino Real in the best city-Santa Clara...HOLLA!  My younger brother (who I claim 100% credit for introducing Yelp to and getting him to write Yelp reviews), Marlo, would often rave about this place to me as this is the joint he and his buddies frequent here in the SC area.  With a difficult exam behind me, the rest of the summer to recover ahead and a handful of cousins visiting, I thought "Hey, this could just be the spot to celebrate!"  I walked into this bar once just to scope it out and thought it was a nice set-up.  Semi-private rooms as you first walk in and then an open bar area towards the back of the restaurant.  I'm all about discovering local hidden gems that are just that...LOCAL HIDDEN GEMS.  Places 1) that are owned by local peeps, 2) that no one else (or at least the mainstream doesn't) knows about, and 3) where you could have a genuinely awesome time!  This place fit all my criteria!When we got here, all the semi-private rooms were full.  But, it didn't matter much b/c we had a group of 20+, so the open seating area towards the back of the restaurant worked out just fine.  My brother and his buddies were in our group and they seem to have a pretty tight relationship with the manager (Sundai?) and other wait staff.  My eyes were bulging and my mouth was salivating at the sight of the OB beer (plastic) bottles and flavored soju's (aka "juice").  Now, for those of you who went to law school with me in the 'Cuse, you know I could throw it down with our beverage of choice, SOJU (hey, it's just like rubbing alcohol!)!  Man, being at VIP, brought back memories of good times.  Here, we ordered the kimchi pancake (which is similar to my all-time favorite seafood paejun).  It was like re-living good times from law school at our favorite hang-out in the 'Cuse, aka "Chorong House" where we lived off of seafood paejun, soju, shortribs, kimchi chicken and more soju.  What also made VIP so awesome was how incredibly hospitable the staff was there.  It was a trip watching my brother and family friends make their way on top of the bar's countertop to dance!  Uhhhh...can I have another shot, please?!  What was also great, was as we ordered more and more drinks, they kept the snacks and munchies coming, which I think was on the house.  It was all gooood!  What was even better, was the fact that they permitted my brother and his buddies to bring inside their freakin' home-made beer-bong, where I had my first ever beer-bong experience at the age of 27 (I guess you could say I was a "good" girl in college)!  Now that I'm back in the South Bay for at least the next year or so trying to figure out my next step, I anticipate coming back to this place.  It's laid-back, chill.  You don't have to fight with crowds to get in, or dress to impress.  You can drink, talk story, laugh, have a good time, which is how every weekend should be!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2007,11/2/2007,128,224,7,4,7>Consider it an 'Apple Store Nano'.So what are you supposed to think when one of your favorite artists ends up in an Apple commercial?  I've followed Leslie Feist back when she was a part of Broken Social Scene.  She's been a soloist for a couple years now, and she's been placed in the new iPod Nano commercials that are going to be carpet bombed across TV from now until Christmas.  By early November we're going to hate "One Two Three Four".   Will it still be cool to like Feist?
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2007,11/1/2007,373,248,21,15,14>I think that xiao long baos are the burrito and pizza of Chinese food.  Much like everyone has an opinion on the best burrito or pizza and the ideas vary wildly, everyone has an opinion as to what makes a great xlb and they are willing to fiercely debate each attribute and nuance.   Me, I know nothing about them.  What I do know is what I like so sometimes when presented with something I have no knowledge of, I go by one simple factor:  the factor of yum.  At the behest of a few fellow Yelpers I drove 100 miles round trip to sample some xlb's at Hu Chiang Dumpling House.  100 miles to eat a few dumplings might sound extreme but like any good food freak I made the trek.  What I learned is this:  xlb's have a natural yum factor of about one million.  What's not to like?  Supple skin, meaty filling and rich broth balanced by ginger, soy and vinegar that you add to your liking.  We got  pork ones, some filled with crab, one filled with loofah and shrimp, and a special that was filled with scallops.  The only clunker was the green onion pancake which we didn't finish.  If you knew the people I was with, you'd know that this means they were bad.  We are the Clean Plate Team - no crumb left behind!   I got some pointers from the experts of what to look for:  skin that is thin but sturdy enough to hold the broth, a certain fatty nuance in the broth with the pork ones that lends flavor,  a properly made xlb has 18 folds (HC's only had 17! - yes, they were counted!),  the ability artfully pick up the dumplings without breaking them - sometimes it's just a poorly made xlb and sometimes it's pilot error.  They should be eaten quickly which was not a problem for us.  In fact, Ed M. (for those of you who don't know -  the "M" stands for "more" and I LOVE him for that) ordered more of the scallop ones and more of the pork ones.  We ate them ALL.  Surprisingly I liked the scallop ones the best - they were BURSTING with scallop flavors - it tasted like they used dried scallops for the broth but high quality ones that gave you the essence of scallops.  I also liked the loofah and shrimp ones.  Ah, who am I kidding, I liked them all.  Now I have a specific mission in life:  Sample enough xlb's to know the difference between what is great what is only okay.   Apparently, I will have to go to Taipei for this but I am okay with that.And while this cannot be scientifically proven, I do believe that xlb's make you high.  I was completely wired after we ate and still wired when I got home.  My boyfriend fell asleep watching Pulp Fiction and I sat and finished watching it.  Then I read the news on all my favorite websites and by news I mean gossip - Nicole Richie - pregnant!  John Cleese selling some property for 29 million dollars (dayum, Meaning of Life has been good to him!), etc. etc.  Finally,  the dumpling glow wore off and I went to bed.  Where I dreamed of xlb's in the following vignettes:Nicole Richie and her rebound boyfriend/baby daddy Joel Madden are in a delivery suite.  Nicole gives birth to an xlb.  The doctor quickly examines it."I am sorry, it only has 16 folds." says the doctor, gravely.As Nicole screams in despair and agony;  a single, mascaraed tear runs silently down Joel's face.Next:The scene in Pulp Fiction when Vincent Vega opens the mystery briefcase - we never see what's in it but in my dream I get perfect P.O.V. and yes, you guessed it, chock full of perfect little xlbs!Next:The Mr. Creosote scene from Meaning of Life.  Only this time without all the yucky hurling (I CAN hold my food), just piles of empty steaming baskets - John Cleese is somehow a Chinese waiter with a French accent and he says:  "Just one more wafer thin xlb?"  I eat it.  And proceed to explode but instead of icky guts and stuff, it's all little xlb's.I am not completely convinced that xlb's shouldn't be a controlled substance.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,10/31/2007,169,535,4,9,9>How in the world has this place not been yelped yet!?  What's more, the place was empty at dinner time!  How is this possible!?  I jokingly asked our server if they'd had any e.coli or rodent problems.  She laughed.  Based on the meal we enjoyed, this place should be packed at all times.  Evidently they don't advertise.  Also, our server appeared to be the daughter of the Owner/Chef.  Mom 'n Daughter operation.   One more reason to love this place.Anyway, take it from me--Il Trullo is... among the best Italian restaurants in Santa Cruz.  Here's why:Homestyle Dishes.  The chef/owner, Lorenza, is from Puglia (pool-yah) region of Italy.  The "heel" of the boot.  Southern Italian cooking like you've never experienced.  Not in Santa Cruz, anyway.  She's only been living in the states for 7 years; how she wound up in Santa Cruz of all places...well, I'll have to just ask her next time.  I ordered orchiette with broccoflower (greenish cauliflower...super yummy).  This tasted unlike any other Italian dish I've ever eaten, and it was light but delicious.  My brother ordered a more traditional "Italian" pasta with a spicy sauce.Italian Dining: The seating is such that if you sit, there's no turnover.  You can sit there all night if you wish.  In fact, it's encouraged.  The owner wants you to feel relaxed and comfortable.  It's assumed that when you come, the table is yours for as long as you want it.  This also means with reservations, your table is cordoned off for the entire evening, even if you come in at 8.  It's assumed that people may want to stay, so that table becomes yours for the night.  After we finished our meal, Lorenza came out and had a 10 minute conversation in Italian with my brother, who just finished his 1st year of college level Italian classes.  Very cool.Ambiance: The decor inside is minimal.  White table cloths, simple wine glasses, and maroon napkins adorn the tables.  Walls and arches are painted with picaresque scenes of Italian countrysides, tastefully done.  There's just enough room between tables not to feel cramped, but there's no question that the restaurant is a bit small.  Maybe 15 tables total.The prices were typical of most "sit down" Italian places in town.  Most pasta ranged from $14-$16 with most full entrees in the $17-$20 range.  I didn't check their wine list, but I imagine there would be some nice pairings available.  I'll report back next time.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2009,5/9/2009,632,981,16,24,20>I came in on a stormy Tuesday night prior to walking back up to the Tank to see the hated Dallas Stars flatten our Sharks.  I came based on a recommendation from a friend who suggested that I try their Vietnamese chicken rice plate.The relatively new restaurant specializes in Hainanese Chicken Rice.  According to the banner hanging outside their restaurant they've been open since February 12, 2009.  I really didn't know what Hainanese Chicken Rice was so I looked it up on Wikipedia prior to my visit.  According to Wikipedia, "Hainan chicken rice is a famous dish in Southeast Asia bearing the region's name. In the province of Hainan, however, this dish is almost entirely unknown."  Well, that search didn't do me a whole lot of good so I figured the best way to find out was to go there.Inside the restaurant is a vast space with high ceilings and beautiful all wood furniture (yelp.com/biz_photos/yMrk) and a bit of neon (yelp.com/biz_photos/yMrk).  It appears to be a family run restaurant.  The waitress was very friendly and spoke in a very soft voice.  I couldn't fool her either; she took one look at me and asked me if I was Chinese.Their menu definitely seems to focus exclusively on their chicken, with rice, noodle, porridge and salad options.  After perusing the menu, however, I decided against the rice plate and went with something entirely different.  I selected the Mi Ga Kho (Dry Egg Noodle with Chicken) just because it sounded different to me.The service was excellent as I got my food a short time later.  The beautifully presented dish came in three parts.  The main bowl held the dry egg noodles, boneless skin-on chicken, red bell peppers, lemongrass, basil, seasonings and sauce (yelp.com/biz_photos/yMrk), the piping hot chicken broth (yelp.com/biz_photos/yMrk) came in a separate cylindrical bowl and the add-ins [bean sprouts, lime wedge, additional basil and lemongrass and jalapenos] (yelp.com/biz_photos/yMrk) made up the third part.  I sampled just the noodle portion and discovered that the seasonings were on the salty side and the chicken was cold, but once I poured the nearly boiling liquid onto the noodles it was a delicious treat and a filling meal.I really liked it, and I'm definitely coming back again to try something else.  At least on this night the restaurant even outperformed the San Jose Sharks!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,5/8/2009,234,115,18,23,19>I'm afraid to give out one of my secrets!  So a couple of years ago I was getting some food next to this place and noticed they sell hair care products.  I was running low on mousse and needed a specific product.  Lo and behold, they had it!  Not only did they have it...they had it at a reasonable price AND they like to give 20% off for no particular reason.  They have a surprising selection for such a small and low key location.Note that it is advertised as a hair & nail salon, so I don't think I ever would have thought to go in to find products had I not walked by.  About  1/4 + of the store is hair care products alone.  The ladies are always friendly, especially Van.  They're not really pushy and are very happy to help you if you have any questions.  On occasion they do ask if I want services done but they don't seem to be offended when I decline or start talking about me in another language while I'm standing there.  HA HA HA  (I know you know what I mean = Anjelah Johnson's Nail Video!)I went there yesterday and bought 4 Joico products for under $50 with tax.  If you every purchase hair products then you know that's a steal!Happy hair care shopping!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,5/7/2009,224,712,23,20,25>Azucar. It means SUGAR. As in sickly sweet, crunches in your teeth, rush to the brain ... carbs. There was no more fitting place for my 34th birthday party.Flawlessly planned and executed by the tireless trio made up of: caramel-filled master-taster Flor; baking-beauty Betty...and my scrumptious better-half-hub..this birthday was one of the best I have enjoyed (as an adult because of course nothing beats pinatas filled with candy and Betty Crocker cupcakes when you are 5 years old RIGHT??!!)...Decked out by loving hand, Azucar was filled with balloons, creatures, a giant cactus accompanied by extra giant pinata...and seated with 20 of my nearest and dearest. We enjoyed spicy red sangria, grubbed on yummalicious food (ceviche ya'll!!), rocked out to live latin beats, ate banana cake & tres leches until we were blue in the face, and THEN somehow managed to get home on foot, arms filled with balloons, pinatas, cake...with heads clearing and cars honking... DID I MENTION THIS WAS AN AWESOME BIRTHDAY PARTY????Azucar was fabulous for the trio to work with, apparently very accommodating with all the planning, menu creations, price negotiations, and day-of-activity. The only downer was that somehow we ended up owing an extra $80 outta nowhere, but after a few shots of tequila and their famous mojitos...you are kind of willing to overlook a few extra bucks. Well....until the next morning, that is, when you are like WTF?! Who didn't pay?!Ahh...the memories. Thank you... Sugah... for a fab night filled with fun & friends...oh and the absolutely priceless pinata pictures. Ride the donkey!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,5/5/2009,167,346,18,13,15>When you tune into Celebrity Rehab next season you can expect the following: Dr. Drew to be looking as sexy as ever - and he is smart, stop the  madnessHis staff to be understanding as always - even the ScarecrowAmy Winehouse - for obvious reasonsAnother Baldwin brother - for obvious reasonsLindsay Lohan  - cause she will realize she doesn't like girls and will go on a benderMe - cause I will need a 12 step program for my addiction to those damn sandwiches from Los Gatos Gourmet and expect to go into withdrawls should I stop eating themOk, so Im not going to be on Celebrity Rehab - Im sure you can expect everthing else to come to fruition tho next season....In the meantime I will watch the show while chowing down on an insanely smoky Black Forest Ham and chevre sandwich or perhaps that fresh sliced roasted turkey with heirloom tomatoes - I don't know how they get that turkey so moist or the ham so other worldy smoky - but it is fantastic. In my next life I am going to marry Dr Drew and open a sandwich shop....I swear
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2009,5/4/2009,866,266,17,19,19>Walk in. Answer the question "How many?" Uhhhh... we'll take two.Had the first block of tofu tonight! Love, love, love it!!!!My wife says it's like lao doha (old tofu)... I guess they call it that in Chinese because the inside of the tofu doesn't look smooth... kinda wrinkly crinkly.Super good tofu!! I could live on this stuff!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,5/3/2009,736,972,22,41,35>Listen up world...please be advised that Sabor Salvadoreno has been selected as a future home of a PUPUSA UYE.  With that being said, this is the BEST pupusa joint within my San Jose neighborhood.  I am torn. I love Vicky's(yelp.com/biz/vickys-rest) but I love love love Sabor. Sabor Salvadoreno loosely translates to Salvador flavor. From the plantain & bean dish to the FANTASTICAL pupusa & curtido, this joint surely does bring the FLAVOR. As compared to Santa Clara location (yelp.com/biz/sabor-salva) this venue is bigger, cleaner, and with more seating and parking.  Bathroom is outside, but they have one nonetheless. Service is great. Cashier Alex is not as flamboyant as Fernando in SC, but awesome regardless. The decor is fairly simple to explain. Picture Blue and white on the walls with posters and towel murals.  Ladies and gentleman, we even have outdoor seating and a BBQ. Wonder what they will do with that? Hmmm...if they only had a hammock, then surely I  would be in pupusa heaven. Pupusas are priced fairly and are delicious. If you have never tried one, please check this joint out. I saw a woman walk in and walk out cause she was disappointed the Mexican joint had been replaced. Poor woman didn't know what she was missing.  IF YOU READ NOTHING ELSE, PLEASE NOTE: THIS IS NOT FAST FOOD. If you have less than a 1/2  hour to wait for your food, don't come here.  Perfection takes time, and don't get pissed at the cooks. If you are beginner, order a cheese and been pupusa with curtido. You will walk out happy. They have combo dishes and even pictures on the wall. If you like fruity drinks, get the ensalada!   Take out orders-YES!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,5/2/2009,871,695,37,29,27>Having traveled the globe for business and personal reasons, I have found one universal truth.  Well, two actually.One, Canadians are easy to spot.  It's usually the dude wearing the Roots sweatshirt with about 12 Canadian flags all over his outfit and backpack.Two, regional cuisine is much better OUTSIDE of whatever region made it famous.For example, the best New York bagel I have had, was about 1,000 miles away from New York.  The best Italian food?  France.The best New England clam chowder?  San Francisco.And now, another surprise.  The best fried chicken??  The Koreans.I think Col. Sanders was in the Korean war and had a love child who inherited his skills.This really is different than KFC.  The batter is paper thin, light, and damn crispy.  Mix it with the salt/pepper shaker and the spicy sauce, you have yourself a good combination.Not the best food when trying to watch your girlish figure but every now and then, go for it.  Unless you are the binge and purge type then by all means, have at it.The place doesn't get that packed but the parking lot gets fuller than a Jonas Brothers concert in a city full of 13 year old girls. (See, I am relevant, even though I had to wikipedia them)Canola.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,5/1/2009,304,350,13,16,13>in a further attempt to develop type 2 diabetes i decided to check this place out. after all, i had just had lunch at sweet peas right down the street and i take it as a personal failure for a bakery to open within a 20 mile radius of me and it to go untested.  for a small chain it's actually pretty darn cute inside!  they also have very friendly employees and free samples which is always a plus.  the cakes themselves are very good, they have an incredible texture that as a baker myself i know cannot be created naturally.  i would say they are similar to a really high end perfect hostess cupcake, if something like that existed...  i have never had a bundt cake that tasted that good, but it's definitely not all natural or as rustic tasting as something from "icing on the cake" per se.  they are still delicious and oh so pretty...  also the pricing is better then most of the other local bakeries so it would be a good spot to pick something up for the office or a barbecue that's reasonable but will still give you the "wow" of something homemade.  this is a step above-because honestly, most people i know still bake cake from a mix...
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,4/30/2009,854,542,33,32,33>I'm not a physically adept person; not an athlete in any regard, and by no means graceful or finesse'd (...do I LOOK like a gazelle to you?!).  I weight train mostly, jog/run an iota, drunkenly dance, and lift ever-diminishing glasses of drinkydrink to my lips.  That's about it.  Oh, and flirtily chase girls... until they actually chase back, at which point I turn and run away like a world-class sprinter. [Digress.]But no amount of modernized, regimented exercise can quite prepare or compare to rock climbing [IMHO].  Strength helps, yes; but there are seldom used muscles and tendons that will groan at you by night's end.  Flexibility helps, yes; but climbs will demand unfamiliar contortions and dexterity for your ascent.  Balance helps, surely; but fingertip grips and precarious footings will make you question even your every position and posture.  And instinct?  Well instinct will take you only so far up a wall, but your mental acuity will be tested when "that's my next handhold" obviousness is met with "how the heck do I get up there?" uncertainties.And Planet Granite is a top-notch facility, ready to put all those things to the test...!The Sunnyvale location touts one of the largest indoor climbing facilities in Northern California, and with 25,000 square feet of climbing and bouldering surfaces, there are routes/difficulties for every skill level and challenge!As if that weren't enough, the facility also provides a serviceable workout area outfitted with weight training and cardio gym equipment as well as a yoga studio.With a relatively low-cost barrier to entry, indoor rock climbing  at Planet Granite is a great choice to explore as an outlet for regular exercise, as an activity-centered outing, or simply as a way to test and push yourself to new limits!Now if you excuse me, I've got new heights to achieve...___________________________________________And if all the "it's fun, it's healthy, its good for you" spiel doesn't sell you, then really, the people and physiques here are absolutely amazing.I mean AMAZING!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,4/29/2009,290,302,39,39,37>Amazon, bandhphoto, BestBuy, Adoroma, the list goes on. Nobody has had the new Canon 5D MkII in stock since it was announced over 3 months ago.I stroll into San Jose Camera & Video at the weekend...Me:         You free ?SJC&V:  YupMe:          Have you got a 5d mkii in stock ?SJC&V:  YupMe:          Can I buy it ?SJC&V:  YupMe:          Is that all you can say?SJC&V:  YupChi-ching. A good deal lighter in the wallet but a great deal happier in the camera-body department. I used to think these guys were a bit elitist, but Im bumping them up a couple of stars for having the goods in stock.PS: For those of you who are interested, this is a handheld shot, at night using the new camera. Sweet !!!static.px.yelp.com/photo
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,8/10/2014,194,170,11,14,11>This is one of my favorites places to eat and drink beer.  The manager here likes to socialize with the customers, especially if you order beer.  They always have different bottled beers in the fridge, depending on what craft beers are in season.  Usually the beer selection does not disappoint.  The manager will chill with you, and it's not even awkward.  He takes customer service to a whole another level, making sure you are completely satisfied with your experience.  Easily 4 stars for this establishment.Notable dishes:Garlic Beef-I am pretty sure that this place was named after this dish.  Overload of garlic pieces.  There are probably more garlic pieces than beef cubes.  Exceptional dish as the garlic flavor isn't as overpowering as you would think.    Sliced Pork Belly w/ Garlic Sauce-Only $6 and perfectly compliments the beer.  If you have more than 4 people at your group, you should definitely get 2Stewed Beef Tendon with Shrimp Roe-This dish is made with lots of love.  The most tender tendon I've ever had.  The shrimp roe adds to the flavor as well.  A bit pricey but well worth it!House Made Sausage-Nothing special to this sausage, but you should definitely try it out.  The manager takes great pride in this dish and will recommend this dish when ordering beer.This place never gets busy.  So ditch Pho Mai which is always busy and go to this place instead.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,8/9/2014,878,405,18,23,20>I'll have to agree with everyone...this cozy restaurant does have nice decor.  It's not a huge place, but they've always been able to accommodate big groups with no problem.  Actually, the majority of my visits involve large work groups.  But with or without co-workers, there are a few good reasons why I'd continue to dine here.    Their service is impressively fast.  During my last visit, I arrived late...and still got my food in time to eat with friends.  Their lunch specials are vast.  I've enjoyed their Thai Mussamun Curry, their Thai Basil and Chili Garlic Sauce dishes, Broccoli with Oyster Sauce, and their Yellow Curry.  Chicken is usually my preference in these dishes, but I wouldn't mind their beef from time to time.  Taste-wise?  Pretty average for Thai food.  And by saying that, I'm not knocking it at all.  It's good, and on par for what Thai food should taste like.  I'm a fan because they do everything right!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/8/2014,261,272,12,11,10>Mom: "Ew, daughter. Why's your hair so greasy?"Me: "No, mom... It's just really shiny."Mom: "What? Haha. Your hair doesn't... (takes closer look) OH, MY, goodness. I never thought your hair could be shiny. (strokes hair) Who performed this miracle on you?!"It was Vy, mama ;)For us nappy haired girls, it takes a lot of research and patience to find a stylist we can trust. Vy offers SO much more than what you expect in norcal, where the inflated costs at other salons (especially perms) don't justify the mediocre and hasty work. I've paid $80+ for haircuts to $400 for straightening perms, purely out of desperation. The results were always really disappointing and damaging to my crazy stubborn, frizzy and curly hair. My only option was to go down to L.A. twice a year just to get my hair straightened in K-town. I am SO relieved to have found Vy - who's 300 miles closer and infinitely better!Even though my hair was wildly overdue for a straightening and cut, I spent MONTHS scoping out the right place. I was nearly tearing my azn-fro out, until I came across the reviews on Simple Hair. Winnie W.'s review caught my eye, and ended up reading all the reviews. They sounded too good to be true!I actually called the salon twice before my appointment. First, to ask about their straightening procedure, including details about the products they used. I've heard of many Japanese straightening kits that contain formaldehyde, which can cause serious health problems. Even though I must've sounded nervous and skeptical, Vy was very friendly, knowledgeable and most of all, confident about her and her partner's skills and the safe products they used (Liscio). She was nice throughout the whole conversation and was able to accommodate my crazy schedule. She assured me that I'd be able to get back to work at 2:30pm if I came in at 10am (when they open). The process took a couple hours longer than the ones I'm used to in LA (3 hours), but I wanted her to take all the time she needed.My appointment was on a Thursday morning, and there were 3 stylists (Vy, Trang and a male barber) and at least 3-4 clients constantly in and out during the whole 4.5 hours I was there. They get extremely busy, especially since they don't have an assistant or a receptionist to take the constant calls they were getting. They definitely seemed understaffed, which I think they'll probably improve on as they are relatively new. However, I did wish multiple times that they either had more staff or less clients at a given time, because I ended up sitting with wet hair for about 15 minutes while the other clients were getting their haircuts. The same thing happened when I was waiting for my hair to be straightened near the end. I ended up being late to work, but it was still worth it! My hair has never looked so healthy and shiny. Vy listened to my woes and requests for a short haircut. She advised me to not cut too much to avoid the ends sticking outwards, and about 6 inches of hair later, she was SO right!Vy is more than a just an experienced professional, she's like the loving auntie I've never had! Haha. We talked throughout the whole morning like old friends and it felt so natural and comfortable being under her care. I also really appreciated how thoroughly she explained to me about maintaining my new smooth and silky straight hair.Vy is an incredible stylist. I am so happy and fulfilled with my new hair. Best haircut and straightening I've ever gotten! I recommend booking an appointment when she's the least busy, and prepare to be wowed!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,8/7/2014,739,432,23,23,20>Looking for great gyros? Yiassoo is where it's at!ALL SMILES:---------------------------Usually when I go to a Mediterranean place, I'm "greeted" by a guy at the counter who glares at me. At Yiassoo, the lady at the counter was welcoming and sweet. How nice!ENJOYABLE FOOD:---------------------------My Chicken Souvlika Plate ($9.50) was pretty ordinary. The rice was nearly tasteless, the chicken slightly dry, and the salad plain. Ok for the price, and mostly filling, but that's about all I can say.The real gem was the Super Gyro ($8.70) that the wifey got. The lamb and beef inside were so tender, and the whole thing was so packed with flavor. Next time, I'm totally getting this.We could've skipped the Greek Fries ($3.50), which were not much different from ordinary fries except for some feta cheese crumbled over the top. The feta didn't stay on the fries very well, so most of the time I was just eating normal fries unless I scooped up some feta with a fork (so much work!).So in summary: Gyros here = awesome. Get.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,8/6/2014,431,186,9,12,9>I would prefer to give them a 3.5 but the food is definitely 4 stars!Why 3.5?We sat by the door and the whole time there's just a scent of trash and it was really gross and kind of ruined my appetite, but then I think the wind stopped blowing or whatever it went away. Or the food just smelled so good it overwhelmed the stinky smell.Complimentary muffins when our group went for Saturday brunch. They were warm and delicious!We had:-bottomless mimosas yummy!! they kept them coming! got pretty buzzed before the food even got out-eggs benedict : another yummy dish!sad that they don't have hash browns though (or I forgot to ask) But they had the potato chunks.-complimentary muffins:YUMMM-friends got: chicken and wafflesit was a pretty small looking portion but I guess it was filling-bacon wafflethere was literally 1 strip of bacon on top of the waffle so we were like wtf. but then theres actual bacon IN the waffle so we were all good haha.I forget what else everyone got but everyone said delicioso all around :)
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,8/5/2014,317,42,8,16,11>I Love Sushi-- a restaurant I award with 4 stars thanks to the quantity of of their food and the quality of their service. Here's broken up tidbits why:It's great for groups.My large group of 9 made a last minute stop here last week after a long, long day of hiking and playing on the beach. This means we were all starving; begging for food, and lots of it. Even without prior reservations, we were seated immediately. This place is large! They offer free appetizers. Being as hungry as we all were, I thought this place was a successful selection. They  offered us about 3-4 free appetizers for the night. Prettyyyy sweet. You get so much food for the amount you spend. We ordered about 4-5 different rolls and a few bento boxes. The bento boxes are definitely a steal at $18.50 for 3 items. The rolls are on the pricier side to me... but just slightly so. However, in truth, you are still on the greater end of the deal as you'll see the rolls come out packing. They're huge. Plus the free appetizers mentioned above? Yeah, you're getting a lot of food for your $$. Service is awesome.Our servers were constantly and politely asking us if there was anything we needed. We had a very sweet bus-girl who kept checking to take our plates away. Everyone was very timely. They love birthday celebrations. We assumed this after they assumed we had a birthday girl amongst us. (We really didn't. Haha, so... Shame on us for not correcting them, but would you?) Further evidence of their generosity was when the manager/owner/bossman placed a free California roll on our table with a candle and "Happy Birthday" writings. To really drive the point home, later he dropped off free mochi dessert slices as well. They just don't stop giving! All in all, we really had a good time here. We appreciate the entire staff of I Love Sushi for such great service, and we are very grateful for the amount of food they so graciously give!! It's definitely a restaurant I would frequent for casual sushi dinners if I lived in the area. However, I do not, so I feel like I may never come back. I know I will never go out of my way to make the drive to ILS just for the food... As an honest yelper, I must slip in here that the quality of the food isn't noteworthy itself. By all means, no item was bad to the taste buds, but nor was any item very delicious. Regardless, it's still a nice restaurant over all :).
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,8/4/2014,76,197,12,9,9>I love this place!!!!I like to browse music instruments, guitars in particular. I like to be left alone. Mostly because I feel guilty for browsing without the intent to buy. The folks at Guitar Showcase leave you alone if you want to be left alone.Just a few weeks ago, though, when I visited, I came out of my shell and talked to some of the staff. Oh goodness, they are nice people! Not pushing a sale, not hounding me, just plain nice people! I think I might want to make friends with some of them.But let me get to the meat and bones of the review - The Vault. I love The Vault. I come in here to stare at the relics, the instruments of times past. There's so much history in this one little room (and actually, it's not a little room - it's huge!), it boggles my mind to think of all the stories that are living in this one space. I've wondered what the combined age of all the instruments in The Vault is. Maybe I need to go back and pay another visit to figure it out.I once dropped my son off at his lesson, and came here to hang out for two hours while I waited. I think the fact that I forgot to pick up my son at his lesson should tell you something about what a wonderful place Guitar Showcase is.(And to my wife, if you're reading this review - I'm sorry. I won't forget again.)
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/3/2014,475,273,9,14,11>We've been to Le Bon a handful of times now, and it's consistently delivered each time.  A few things that come to mind that make it a good choice:-Easy parking and share a lot with BevMo and Babies R Us if you're running errands-Cute, relaxed ambiance-Nice staff and awesome check in deals-Menu has good variety of options, but not overwhelmingOne of our staples when we go is the Parisian sandwich, always yummy.  I've had the Amazing Asian salad (decent) and the Miss Saigon sandwich (good, but like the Parisian more).  I have yet to try the garlic noodles and their burger, but have read/heard good things.  Upgrading to garlic fries is always a good option and the Phoenix wings (free with check in!) are really tasty.  I'm not a huge fan of pork belly, but my husband likes the buddah buns (also free with check in).  Also the macaroons are a nice little treat.Props to the owner and staff for being young and having to drive and ambition to open a successful restaurant in the South Bay!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,8/2/2014,464,603,10,11,11>Wait, WHAAAT?! Have I really not written a review for Angelou's yet?!Dude. Best Mexican food in San Jose, hands down! Angelou's is one of the few places (or only?) that serves a legit California Burrito. Fries, cheese, guacamole, pico de gallo, and sour cream. Often times, other taquerias serve California Burritos incorrectly by adding extra ingredients like rice and beans. They got it right here!The first time I ate here, I INHALED my food. It's that good. I think this is me and my boyfriend's favorite place to eat in Downtown San Jose. I know, super classy. We love splitting the burrito, a taco (if you check-in, you get a free one) and quesadilla. Don't forget to top off all your food with their amazing orange sauce!This Taqueria is a hidden gem in downtown. It's always one of my top requests to eat on date night :P
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,8/1/2014,282,253,9,13,9>Great neighborhood pizza place that has a great selection of food, beer and wine -- and I'm sure I'm echoing what the masses say. Since this place is close to home, (and open  late!) my husband and I frequent here when we get home from work late at night. We try to avoid it during major games since a table might be hard to get, so there are times when we call ahead to get food to-go. My husband likes beer, so he usually enjoys dining in to grab an IPA.I personally enjoy the Reuben, Garden burger, and the French Dip is always good. (Remind them of the horseradish, since that item is somehow missing on occasion.)
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,1/25/2012,412,313,7,9,6>We ordered 1lb crawfish with sausage/corn, 1lb of garlic butter shrimp, and cajun fries for two.The crawfish was surprisingly fresh and had a bit more meat than most places. The shrimp was also tender and crunchy. We chose mild spice which was perfect since it didn't overpower the flavors of the seafood.Overall, very reasonable price for fresh seafood. The service was very good and attentive (especially with the water refills). This was probably the best crawfish and seafood I've had at this different crawfish chains.P.S ADVICE: Don't come wearing light color clothing (they provide bibs), and be prepared to get dirty so dress comfortably!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,1/24/2012,626,433,7,10,6>This was the first time I went to thread my eyebrows. It was interesting to say the least.I like how my skin wasn't bright red like with waxing. It did sting though. I think I shed a tear when I got my upper lip threaded.Deepa does really quick work. Before you know it, you're all pretty! I'll try to come here again, but it's going to take some getting used to the threading feeling.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,1/23/2012,556,284,10,14,12>mMMm~ the crust is perfectly cooked.  It's soft in the inside and crispy on the outside, I love how crispy the bottom is!  We went half and half- royal flush and chicken pesto on a regular crust. I'm not sure if getting a thin crust would be such a good idea because it came with such hefty large chunks of toppings!  I checked in and got a free bacon and cheddar breadsticks!! It's a meal in itself!  We ordered a half order of buffalo wings, it came with some celery sticks- love how the wings were baked spicy.  Everything tasted great and FRESH!  I know their ingredients were fresh not only by the taste, but I literally heard them chopping it up in the background.  I usually don't order chicken because of bad experiences in the past like old stale chicken, but this pesto chicken came with large fresh chunks of juicy white chicken meat. I wish they had one closer to home or work, I'd order pizza from them. If your in the area grab a slice and dine inside or get a pie to-go!  Good stuff! Service is great and friendly!  I would definitely come here again if I'm in the area~ :DFYI: No bathrooms.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,1/22/2012,428,2224,8,12,10>First off.. this is a Chinese restaurant.. if you want Tawainese.. go to Sunnyvale or Cupertino Birthday celebration.. woot! Salt and Pepper Calamari- super delicious! Light and crispy! Pineapple Fried Rice.. served in a pineapple.. also delicious Scallops with Oyster sauce.. also good Garlic Eggplant over Noodles a lil goopy but lots of kick! Beef with Broccoli- can't go wrong Lemon Chicken- also nommy Honey Walnut shrimp... packages of goodness!! One of my favorites fried banana with chocolate sauce.. also super light... but nommyServicestellar.. waitress was super attentive order that was wrong was immediately corrected (although correctly written down.. cook error.. no worries taken care of in less than ten minutes) water and drinks were constantly refilled Parkingcan be a pain but there is both street parking, bank parking a few ways down and a few spaces behind the restaurant SHARKS sighting? Apparently some of the guys hang out here frequently....
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,1/21/2012,69,191,5,8,9>This was our third year, so we were old hands at this!  ::laugh::: The line wasn't too long (maybe five minutes) and since we had taken a bazillion pictures in previous years, I declared a photo-free event!  So it was nice to drive along, looking and favorites and sussing out the new additions without having to stop to take a photo for posterity.  Very nice!The lights are so heart-healing in this time of darkness.  It was a sweet and dreamy drive.  My personal favorites were the areas where you can catch a reflection in the water.  This year we went after Christmas, but it didn't matter in the least!  Merry Christmas, Los Gatos!  Welcome in the New Year with the lighting of lights!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,1/20/2012,245,219,7,7,7>Daniela has cut my hair twice now, and I like her style.  She listened to what I said about what I wanted, how much styling I am likely to do on a daily basis and what I liked/didn't like about my hair when I walked in.  She understands how to layer fine hair (a rarity in my super-fine experience) will be honest with you about whether the style you desire will work well with your hair type, and offers good suggestions for style options as well as a bit of coaching on how to do your own hair once she sends you out the door.  Knowing that I'd had some disappointing cuts in recent times, she was conservative about how much hair she took off, reducing the length gradually and operating under the premise that you can always take more off but you can't successfully put that hair right back on.  It doesn't hurt that she's really sweet and easy to talk to.  I'm sad that she's moving to another salon, but I've seen other stylists sending out some nice looking hair and would be comfortable making an appointment with another stylist at Limon in the future if I opt to keep my hair appointments in the San Jose area.Limon itself has everything I expect from a nice salon - a good selection of product, talented stylists and no snootitude.  Oh, and convenient parking right behind the building.  And full access to A Slice of New York AND the army surplus store right across the street.Great hair, pizza and clunky boots?  Count me in!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,1/19/2012,1651,2220,12,11,9>The cha ca la vong here will change your life. Seriously. You'll sell all of your possessions, shave your head, chant at random times during the day, worship cows, you name it. The stuff is heaven. Expensive and worth it.That being said, the goi cuon and banh xeo were equally high-end, both in the top five of all I've had. But seriously.. cha ca la vong is the way to go.If you have to ask about the service, you've obviously not been to a lot of authentic Vietnamese places. They shout "What you want" and if you don't have an answer within three seconds, they'll probably mutter something unintelligible and foreign (most likely about your mother's character) and walk away, returning fifteen minutes later, begrudgingly, to let you continue your order. Welcome to the game, son. That's how we roll.Have I mentioned the cha ca la vong? It's excellent, by the way... so go and try it. Now.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,1/18/2012,179,114,7,8,8>summary: yep, still a great place to pick up some shoes.. AND you get to support a local business :]Visited during their grand opening (i think it's happening all month) and picked up my first pair of running shoes as well as some super comfy running socks.  Who would have thought the little things make such a big difference.last time i didn't actually BUY my shoes, but today diana helped me with my shoe fitting and i tried on 4 different shoes with varying support and weights (who would've thought there's so many subtle differences). i got to walk and run on the treadmill for all of them and diana made sure each were comfortable, coaching me on what the different benefits of each shoe was.  after trying on 4, i narrowed it down to 2 shoes and diana had me try them on again to make sure i had the perfect fit... i even picked up a few socks (even their socks feel different/better than my normal ones!)yay! i'm super excited to start running again with my new kicks :D
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,1/17/2012,339,280,14,14,14>Oh my goodness this place is so amazingly good, I can't get over it. I've lived in the area for more than a year and I just noticed this place. Its so so so so freakin good. Like eat it everyday good. Like breakfast lunch and dinner good. Oh and their HORCHATA is orgasmic! ORGASMIC!!! I know my HORCHATA people and this is some damn good horchata. And everythings so cheap. Yay for cheap eats! They have soooo much to choose from and its so authentic. So far I'ved tried: carnitas plate (yummy carnitas that are kind of cripsy comes with salad, beans, and rice), carne asada tacos, carnitas tacos, carne asada fries, and a super burrito. EVERYTHING was delicious. LOVE IT!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,1/16/2012,736,863,15,24,18>I have been hearing sooo much about singlebarrel's exclusivity and secretiveness that I just had to make the time to check them out. I'm even hesitant about writing this review because I would be furthering their exposure and I'm not sure I want to share such a hidden gem...We arrived a little before 10pm and there was already a line of about 15 or more people. We waited for about 30 minutes before we reached the front of the line. The reason there was a line is because they admit people according to the space that is available at the bar. They try to accommodate as many people as possible, but the bartenders need time and their patrons patience to be able to customize and tailor drinks according to their patrons likings.Once we walked down the red stairs, we entered into a dark hallway where we were greeted by the 1920s-dressed hostess. She briefly explained and warned us that they do not make typical mixed drinks as other clubs/bars do. We pretty much got the point that it would be very disrespectful to order a cranberry and vodka or anything of that sort. She also gave us a couple of suggestions as to how we could describe our taste in drinks to the bartender. Her suggestions included whether we liked sweet, tart, strong, fruity, bitter, and etc. Their ingredients include, and are not limited to, egg whites, oranges, lemons/limes, cucumber, mint, and seasonal fruits. The bartenders measured out each component in the drinks with care. We watched a bartender light up a lemon zest with a torch too! I never knew that making cocktails and drinks could be so artistic and special. It's definitely an experience that I think everyone should be able to experience.After our drinks were made, we seated ourselves at a couch, where we mingled and enjoyed our drinks. There was no dance floor, so for all you folks who like to get down, singlebarrel isn't the place for you.Everyone who worked there was very friendly and welcoming. Their uniform was really cute. They all wore vests, ties, and ivy hats. Our tab averaged to about $10/drink, which was pretty good considering the caliber of the place. You will definitely see me here again.P.S.No chewing gum and no groups larger than 6.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2008,3/30/2008,576,494,20,13,13>I'm driving to work compiling a list, a Valentine's Day playlist that isn't trite but at the same time relevant to the day.  This is how I think now, pass time, organize my thoughts; in lists and random word association or similes. I am now on my second sugar free Red Bull so that means I am at 100 percent of my daily value of Pantothenic Acid and it must be 11:00am and it also means that this day is just like any other. There are flowers on my desk that signify a holiday, some money spent and a significant other. In men's terms I am spoken for, in women's I am loved, cared about. I think back to high school Valentine's Day where the ASB would have a Valentine Gram sale where you could send a single rose and a balloon to your friends.  Some people didn't receive any, some future lady's men gave out dozens, cheerleaders received multiple. It was a true sign of good looks and many friends as well as a clever way for the ASB to gather funds for the next popularity contest. I've grown to believe holidays are largely let downs, times that highlight the good but mostly make the gaping lack unavoidable like the poorest people at Christmastime being the most compelled by marketing schemes. The person who doesn't know what love is might think gifts are the answer to February 14th. There are tables on street corners with rows of cellophane baskets containing red and white bears and roses. People have been readying for weeks for this day to make enough money to last through the month and although many will be sold they will likely return home with a lot of bear and rose baskets that stand for nothing but the wholesale cost of the components.Restaurants will be full today, reservations made, ingredients purchased by novice chefs who have watched a lot of Top and Iron Chef. Once in a failed attempt at this holiday I remember eating at Cardinal Lounge with a guy who was more like a boy who probably was wondering if he was going to get laid and even though Cardinal is my favorite place for breakfast it was one of the most pathetically sad days of my life. I think I was born a cynic or a perfect combination of nature and nurture that makes everything appear like those 90's clear phones with all the insides visible, or like wires behind the TV for the surround sound and DVD player, everything is exposed and unsightly, gaudy and shameful. Yesterday on a very practical trip to the mall; sweaters for work, thermals for the snow, Frederick's of Hollywood was busting at the seams, so to speak. People were trying things on with various strings, pads and attachments, some of them looked like kids, most of them had their hair in buns, wearing hoodies while holding red and black lace garments in line for the fitting room preparing for this one day like kids at the Spirit store choosing between devil and witch Halloween costumes.  I wondered how much of the items in the store had been tried on and got grossed out. Part of me is festive.  The part of me that began thinking about a Valentine's Day playlist to send to my co-workers to make the day better, to make something stand out from the regular 8 to 6, traffic, work, eat, work, traffic, eat chain of events. But then I realized the list was more for me than anyone else, a way to take my mind off driving while placing absolute focus on something intangible. How do you send people a feeling in an email? Those intangible things we try to explain through gifts and high expectations.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2008,3/29/2008,186,315,7,12,13>Fantastic place, the food is great!Please consider, especially if price is no object, the ordering strategy listed in Toro Eater's (Tori E)  600th review.  There are so many specials... on the walls. David P is right on - this is a great transplant from a Japanese neighborhood. Keiko is "spot on" that this deserves much morethan five stars due to the food! It's not just the food, it's small, intimate, funky with the 156 specials listed on the wall.There's a nice selection of sakes, not the most in the bay area, but very  nice. Can't finish your sake, no worries they can store in for their regulars - don't worry, your name is on it.Hoshi-San, solve this and it's 5 stars all the way!--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------Note #1: Hoshi-san's the bombNote #2: The servers (not meaning to be mean) can be somewhat clueless at the best of times. Apologies if they're relatives, but it must be said!Note #3: Reservations are a must Fri/SatNote #3a: Probably only 3 stars on Fri/Sat due to service taking forever, having to ask for things repeatedly (quite the faux pas), the ditzyness mentioned above.Note #4: While I highly recommend Hoshi overall I would strongly urge you to consider lunch or a night other than Fri/Sat.Note #5: If I get there when you just open... make sure that there is soap in that bathroom! Bottom Line suggestion for Hoshi: with all due respect, your staff needs to have at least one more person and the existing staff needs to buckle down. Have them read "Broken Windows" ... and you'll understand why some that love your food are disgruntled by the experience. The faux pas are remembered as much or more than the awesome food.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2008,3/28/2008,304,350,17,17,13>this is where you come when you've done your homework.  trust me, i've had things done at several scary tattoo parlors over the years, and now that i'm old and no longer have pink hair, a boyfriend in a band and an obscure record collection(o.k. i still have the record collection) i really wanted to come to a shop that i was assured wouldn't send me home with hep c or poor work. so, i choose the fabulous analog and the very talented jim miner, he splits his time between a shop in l.a. and analog.  there was a little bit of a wait of course, but he was completely worth it.  i wanted something very feminine, a vintage looking pink bow holding a candy heart with a special message for my man (message me for a picture) on my butt.  he made me feel completely comfortable, was excited to draw something for me and when i left the chair i was so happy with the results i skipped down the three flights of stairs.the shop has only been open a short while, but i'm sure as they keep turning out good work the buzz will keep getting bigger and bigger.  i went ahead an uploaded a completely fucked up picture of the whole experience taken by alicia k. that makes it looks like i'm getting a colonoscopy. thought ya'll would enjoy that!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,3/27/2008,451,735,8,14,13>Ultimate palette cleanser. After having spicy soup for dinner, this totally hit the spot and cleared up any cravings for more food. I usually don't get full when I have soup as my main course.Anyway, we shared a Medium Yogurt with mango, strawberries and blueberries. I will agree with Connie and say that I thought they were skimping on fruit but they weren't. It was the perfect amount. A medium is $4.95 with 3 toppings however, we were charged $4.87 total. Maybe it was a mistake but it turned out to be a DEEEELICIOUS mistake!! We killed it in about 2.3 minutes.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,3/26/2008,176,370,17,14,15>I came here looking to stuff my face with FISTS FULL OF SUSHI... only to find that the sushi served here was about the size of MY OWN FIST... I had never heard of a JUMBO sized roll - comparable to a burrito - until today.  I had no idea that was what I ordered until my boyfriend and I recieved all 7 of our rolls, including soup and salad.  We were overwhelmed, hungry with our eyes AND stomachs.The varieties of raw fish were perfect.  Large, fresh portions that leave no hint that it once came from the dirty sea.  Spicy tuna rolls that aren't dinky in size.  Baked rolls that taste so buttery, you'd think an Amish person churned the good stuff for its preparation [Hopyard roll].  The service is impeccable and attentive, without the pretentious facade many sushi restaurants hide behind.  Trust me, you will need no more than eye contact and a smile to get what you need here.  Your rolls will come out efficiently, even when the place is packed.A great, cozy place to take your date that won't break the bank with ridiculously priced rolls or scare her away with ghetto surroundings.  There are tatami style benches with faux roofing over your head to make the night more memorable with some humble eye-candy.  Love at first sight?  You betcha'.  Even better with rolls named "Orgasm", "Booty Call", and "Las Vegas"... sounds like a party I want every part of, and how could you NOT want to try it?After we had our fill, we had to tap out.  The rolls had conquered us, after ordering 7 rolls between the two of us without knowing just how much Sen Dai packed into each one of them.  We ordered three more rolls to go, and some green tea tempura ice cream for dessert and our bill came out to $60 some dollars... We left with fat bellies and smiles on our faces.Thank you, yelp - for helping us find our new static sushi restaurant to replace our old favorite on the first try.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,3/25/2008,250,205,19,12,13>I'm not one who typically gets massages.  Especially from older Chinese dudes.  But my cousin asked if I wanted to go, so sure why not.  My aunt and uncle were already there.It was pretty full up in there, some old ladies who were speaking something slavic, my aunt and uncle, my cuz, a few Asian people and white dude with tats and snored.First they soak your feet in a bucket of hot, but not uncomfortable water, I think something was mixed in there.  Then head massage, arms, feet, and then back.The recliner had a hole in the headrest to stick your face through.  I kinda want one for my place, good nap spot.  The forearms in the back reminded of when George Jefferson would stomp on the doorman's back.  Lot's pressure, but very relaxing.I discovered a few things. My left triceps area is ticklish.I had knots in my big toes.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2008,3/24/2008,133,439,8,13,12>DAMN! I thought  I would be the FIRST to review! :( SADNESS. Well, I would have had I not came home and passed out after eating my yummy dessert at 37 Degrees :) As all you East Bayers may know, its extremely hard to find any decent asian type dessert place in the area, unless you trek down to either Oakland or go south to Milpitas, and for those living in between it can be quite a drive. I LOVE asian desserts, and I am not afraid to admit that at times I have driven out to SF JUST for the purpose of getting some decent dessert... I am THAT crazy. Last night the *other* favorite yelper and I came out here, after he insisted that we try this place, since he has been eagerly awaiting the opening of this fine fine location, right next to Kaenyama, the pseudo Benihana restaurant/club in the new Asian center on Boscell. I was half expecting some medium sized basic menu, but lo and behold they had a gigantic menu ranging from your sago to your waffle and ice cream to a huge list of hot very asian desserts such as osmanthus(?) and "tong yuen" in a gamut of flavors such as peanut, seasame, to a variety of zodiac drinks to other drinks such as old san francisco and colorful world (translated from cantonese).  OMG. HUGE MENU!  FANTASTIC. So we had: Satay Chicken Skewers - Not too bad, but kinda small for 3.50Ginger Tea and Peanut "Tong Yuen" - this was gooooood cuz it was warm albeit a little TOO gingery but it was still goodDragon Zodiac Drink - Hmmm a little weird, but maybe cuz im not used to the mix of flavors.... Overall... FOUR STARS, it would have been FIVE if there was another tv and they were placed better and were actually ON, and if they closed the damn door. OMG.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2008,3/23/2008,278,355,20,17,17>This place is a secret gem right in Cupertino... a stone's throw from my friend's place.  There's nice hiking to be had with a trailhead right by the winery.  There's also a little lake and a rod & gun club nearby... my friend is such a lucky bastard.The wine was good, maybe a tad expensive for what you're getting -- maybe because its a small boutique winery.  But I joined their wine club anyway.  Its 2 bottles, roughly $60, every 3 months.  That's a small price to pay to help support a local winery.  The 2005 Super Tuscan was pretty good, a blend of Sangiovese and Merlot.  The wine pours are so tiny, half of it gets stuck in my cavities and I couldn't even fully taste the wine.If you're a club member you can bring 3 friends for free wine tasting every month, otherwise its five bucks.  Too bad I only have 2 friends in the world, and one of them is imaginary.  So if any of you yelpers want to try some wine, come on down with me every 3 months when I go to pickup my 2 bottles... Remember, my name is Bryan K.  Just make believe we're friends.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,3/22/2008,622,446,26,41,36>I was so excited to hear that this place opened up (in fact, I saw it on a Yelp talk thread within the last couple of days), as I've been to their Sunnyvale store & have liked what I've tried there!  So, they've been open for 3 days now, according to one of the owners, Irit (I just consulted their web page & figured out who she was). I came over to check it out the first day I felt better, & of course it was raining out, which is too bad, because they have several bistro tables & chairs outside available, along with built in benches (lucky them) near the entrance. They offer cakes, desserts, pastries, crepes (sweet & savory), chocolates, some savory items like quiche, croque monsieur, foccacia, sandwiches and drinks.  They have a menu posted on the back wall, but don't forget to look in the display cases!I opted for a late lunch...quiche lorraine, which came with a choice of side green salad or orzo salad, a hot chocolate (I'm not sure if this was listed on their menu, as I scanned it really quickly & just asked them if they offered it), & got a dessert to go (chocolate hazelnut napoleon).  If you opt to stay-in, there are 5 small tables indoors which seat 2-3, & they will bring your food to you.  There was a large group there when I was there, & they had pushed a couple tables together.  I lucked out & took the last available table.   The quiche lorraine was good--yummm, cheese.  The orzo salad has spinach, olives, red onions, feta cheese, was a little heavy on the red onions (for me, so I just pushed aside the extra pieces of red onion), but otherwise good.  Hot chocolate was nice & warm, perfect for the rainy weather, and a nice change from all the tea I've been guzzling at home.The place is small, but warm & cozy, with displays of their elaborately decorated cakes by the front door.  I sat by a cake with cute ducks on top.The staff is friendly & pleasant, quick to bus tables when people leave, and I like the fact that if they don't know something yet (which is not surprising since the place just opened), they ask, instead of passing on misinformation.I took a peek at their hours listed, & they are open until 9:30 or 10:30 every night, which I think is great!  This would be a perfect spot for a pre- or post-movie stop, whether it be with a date or some friends.  I will most definitely be back to try more items, especially since it's close to where I live!Located on the back side of the Pruneyard near Rock Bottom Brewery & Lisa's Tea Treasures.-------------Edit 6/3/08:I have since been back several more times & have tried several of the desserts in the display case & some baked goods on the rack on the counter.  I've liked them ALL, especially the chocolate bread pudding.  That is to die for!Oh yeah, & if you order something to go while you sit & eat, they will hold your to go item until you're ready to leave.  At least, that's what happened to me & my friend yesterday.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,3/21/2008,365,288,12,12,18>The Mrs. and I came here recently with another couple who are, no doubt about it, the most discerning of the people in our world who would actually admit to being our friends.  It was a get-a-sitter on a Saturday night; let's go act like civilized grown ups.I really like the decor and vibe in this space, and my wife commented that it has a LA loungy vibe.  You can take that to mean that it was dimly lit and seductively appointed with a modern atmosphere (i.e. no cheesy music).The menu mixes exotic (buffalo, boar, etc), with more accessible options (chicken, hanger steak).  We started with cocktails and the ladies had very festive Don Julio raspberry margaritas while I stuck with a gin martini after being outed by my wife as having a tendency to order fruity drinks like lemon drops.  (The waiter gamely tried to find an umbrella for my drink, but spared me the embarrassment and pretended that he couldn't find one.)The food was genuinely excellent across the board, made only better with the extravagant and voluptuous red wine chosen (and paid for!) by our generous dining companions.  I had home-made pasta with a buffalo ragu (tasty and lean) and I couldn't tell you what anyone else had, because I was so satisfied with my choice I forgot to look up.I did notice that the portions were pretty modest in size, but don't take this as a complaint, as if we're being honest, fine dining is about quality over quantity.  Still, if you're dropping some Jackson's to eat, you certainly don't want to go home hungry.For dessert, I had an artisan cheese selection that came with honeycomb, dried fruit and other incredible accoutrement.  A gorgeous way to top off a lovely meal and wonderful evening spanning nearly 3 hours.The service was terrific - friendly, knowledgeable and supportive (you know, the kind with a *gasp* actual opinion when you ask for one?).Note:  EXCELLENT expense account option for you boon-dogglers out there.  For cheapskates like me, a good option would be landing here for a night cap and cheese plate for dessert while soaking up the vibe and watching at all of the Silicon Valley executive types.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,7/11/2013,1125,189,8,15,14>I got a trim and root touch up with Angela 2 weeks ago and I am still loving my hair. This was my first time going to Shampoo Bar and I will definitely be going back.I think the most outstanding features about Angela's salon are: (1) the service, (2) the prices, and (3) the absolutely wonderful head massage during the shampoo :).Angela was super nice and I felt really comfortable with her. She showed me some swatches to make sure that the color she was going to use was just right (and the color did indeed turn out just how I like it). After my color was done setting, she gave the most luxurious shampoo and head massage I have ever had. I mean wow. I might just want to come back for just a shampoo and blowout next time. When it came to my trim, Angela was meticulous with her cutting / trimming. That was something that other yelpers noted and I am in agreement!My cut and color came out to $75, which is an excellent price. She specifically noted that she does not charge the same price for a trim and a cut (more than a couple of inches) because she cares about fairness. That is truly appreciated. She also noted that she would do a complimentary bang trim if I was ever in the area and needed it!Recommended :)!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,7/10/2013,588,559,6,7,7>I've tried many different trials and my loyalty stays with Yoga at Cindy's.Their entire staff is great! I always feel welcome and comfortable here.I've tried several different yoga classes, and I truly believe Vinyasa is the best because it's heated, gives you a great workout, but isn't as hot or strict as Bikram yoga. There are also more variations with Vinyasa poses which keeps each class unique and interesting. With Bikram, you repeat the same set of poses in order.I really didn't have much experience before coming here and it was perfectly alright because the instructors made me feel very comfortable and each student is at his/her own level. There's really no pressure or competition against anyone here but yourself. It also helps that the students are just as lovely as the staff.I really urge anyone who has ever wondered about Yoga to give this particular studio a try. It doesn't matter what your experience level is, your sex, shape, etc. Everyone can benefit from trying yoga! It will wake up muscles you didn't know existed.My personal favorite teacher is Estela because she always keeps students engaged and makes me laugh!Yoga definitely isn't cheap, but after doing various trials, I invested in Yoga at Cindy's and couldn't be happier. Especially if you think you've got a stressful work life, home life, or just need to calm down, yoga could really be good for you! It really has helped me become more patient, pay attention to what's important, and let go of what isn't.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/9/2013,498,301,8,15,13>I had read some reviews before I tried it, so I was expecting it to be just as mediocre/bad as people described. I think it deserves a lot more praise than it's getting. I've always wanted to try a waffle sandwich but SoCal is a long drive and I never had the motivation to make my own.I had the chicken 'n waffle (herb fried chicken with a little honey and coleslaw). It was delicious and even better with hot sauce. My friends and I shared a s'mores waffle, which was extremely sweet. I don't think I could've eaten one by myself. We also shared waffle fries. One of my friends tried the caprese waffle, and that looked really good--an a lot healthier option than the fried chicken. The waffle wasn't soggy and I thought it was just crispy enough. It holds the sandwich together and it wasn't messy eating for me. The chicken was really good--fried well--and not bland at all (as some reviews complained; really, are you trying to kill your kidneys with increased salt intake?).  I definitely want to go back and try some of the other items. I love how simple their menu is. I don't have to stand there a long time deciding what exactly I want to get.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/8/2013,77,119,7,7,8>Cupcakes, they're everywhere.  Big ones, little ones, I swear the world is being taken over by cupcakes.  Up until today, I could never understand the appeal.  And then I went to Hannah. Hannah makes cupcakes the way they should be made.  Not friggin' cake sized (I'm looking at you, Sprinkles).  Not gussied up like the American flag (really Safeway, Memorial Day cupcakes?).  A cupcake should be a little something.  A special little something.  Enter the Salted Caramel Cupcake.It was the right size.  Not too tiny, not too big.  Say, six forkfuls.  At first bite, the cake tasted a bit like a mix but maybe not.  The cream cheese icing was smooth and quite flavorful.  But what made this a Salted Caramel Cupcake, I wondered?  And then I saw it.  Liquid caramel oozing from the center, studded with a few salt crystals.  Mere words cannot describe the taste after that.  You simply must try one yourself.As far as Hannah as a coffee shop, it's OK.  The barista I met today was really friendly.  The shop itself is on the small side, there's maybe seating for 14 or so people.  The music was a bit loud, but it might have only seemed that way because I was trying to read.But the cupcakes ... oh, the cupcakes.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,7/7/2013,339,830,9,11,10>Yum! I've driven past the Sunnyvale location numerous times but never at a good time to stop by. I'm sooo happy to have one near home now.Today was opening day and it was not super busy. I was able to get an order to-go without a wait. The lamb shawarma wrap was deeelicious! The meat to veggie ratio is perfect. The lamb was tender and was seasoned well. I ordered it with fries and either they forgot to salt them, or they just serve them that way. I didn't taste any salt at all. My only problem is that the wrap was smaller than I expected for the price. Not sure if it was due to the to-go box but they didn't give very many fries, either. The bf would definitely still be hungry if he had the wrap.I'm pretty in love with the decor. Will have to dine in to check out the rest of the place. Will definitely be back.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,7/6/2013,791,668,5,13,8>I was so excited to see this new ramen place had opened up right by my apartment!   I have to say... watch out Orenchi Ramen, there's a new noodle house on the block.  I came in during lunch time on a week day, so it wasn't packed and I was seated promptly.  Everyone was very friendly, and my order came out quickly.  They have a pretty simple menu, and I decided to go for the small Shoyu Ramen (soy sauce broth base, pork).  It was delicious.  If you are someone who likes Shoyu Ramen, then this is absolutely going to be the place for you.  The ramen had a great variety of veggies, the pork was tender and delicious and the noodles were perfectly cooked.  Most importantly, the soft boiled egg was perfect, which added a touch of creaminess to the broth.  You also get free edamame with your order which is a really nice touch and helps make the waiting time seem a lot shorter.  For $7.95 a bowl, this place is both affordable and delicious.  I love that they have different ramen bowl sizes, and I absolutely will be back.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,7/5/2013,151,123,5,10,4>Currently the best fine dining that Morgan Hill has to offer.We were seated a 630, just before it got really busy around 7.The toasted pita strips with dipping sauces were an amazing appetizer. For the main course, I had the homemade pasta, Pappardelle zaffrondo with scallops and shrimp. Think creamy pasta meets paella. It was rich and delicious. For dessert we shared a Galaktoboureko. Think phyllo cream filled burrito, with pistachio ice cream and fresh cream sauce. I DIED. Our server Leah was the best. Cant wait to return.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,7/4/2013,90,145,7,7,6>Moving from Mountain View to San Jose, I was a little disappointed to no longer be walking distance to some cool bars and drink spots...until I found Wine Affairs. I really like the atmosphere, it's definitely not uppity like you may think a wine bar may be-- albeit, it gets CROWDED. I come here to escape a long day at work with my boyfriend, or even to catch up with friends. The food is really good. Everything i've tried off their menu has been pretty tasty-- from the selection of cheeses to the flat bread pizzas. They also have a great rotating selection of beers on tap.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,7/3/2013,893,184,15,21,18>Blankets, Pillows and your pjs (well thats what I wear most of the time I come here). This should be the American tradition. Man I love the drive ins. Watching 2 movies for the price of one, you really can't beat that.    Also not having to hear that annoying person talk on their phone while your watching the movie, now the only person you can blame is youself lol. Plus you don't have to smuggle your food in your purse or backpack you can just takeout and eat here. I wish there was a drive ins in every city. No complaints here LOVE IT!!!!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/2/2013,476,261,8,13,12>When I packed up my car and headed up the 5 away from SD after graduation, I thought I was saying goodbye to good Mexican food, but I've found my neighborhood spot for a Cali burrito fix. Located only a few blocks from my house, Tres Potrillos serves Mexican food that doesn't need orange sauce to taste good. The carnitas Cali burrito was hefty, and the meat was tender and flavorful. There's a salsa bar selection that serves pickled vegetables and fresh salsa, though the chips are a bit stale. Best of all, this place is cheap but still accepts card. Too bad it's only open until 11, so it can't be my drunken Bertos replacement.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,12/3/2010,891,338,11,12,15>thank you Colosseum Pizza for being a delicious gem of a non chain and totally special place in Milpitas. Dino and Tony are dolls with their NY Yankees and Sopranos decorated dining room. These two guys are ( I think) Italian guys out of New York City, friendly, beefy, and over the top.  Walking in there felt like walking into a Nylon photoshoot.. that kind of urban noir background.. under flourcent lighting. I almost expected two models to lean out of the kitchen with day-glo bikinis on. But seriously, this place oozes personality, with a simple dining room, tv, and a seriously  delicious place to hang out at.  I had the cheese with olives and my brother had the Combo. Both had a  thin crust and was flavorful. Cheese and toppings were tasty and not grossly lumped on. I have never had a garlic knot but had 4 tonight. They are pure garlic, basil, and oil..oh my lord I am in heaven...Like Donna Y says, you will sleep well after these and most likely sleeping alone..ha but unlikely bc whomever you bring  here will fall madly in love with you ; ) They threw in cannollis since we were first timers. These are good. REAL GOOD. I am writing this laying down, from a couch next to two empty pizza boxes, very satisfied. Oh! And open til midnight  weekdays and later on weekends. On a side note, I called the wrong number  when ordering and the lady who answered said, "you looking for Colosseum baby? let me get you the number"
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,12/2/2010,36,50,6,6,7>I'm usually not one for shave ice since I try to watch my sugar intake, but my daughter convinced me that I had to try one.  In her words the shave ice at Shuei-Do is the best outside of Hawaii, and with a recommendation like that how could I say no?  There is a store filled with all sorts of Japanese desserts, but for the shave ice everyone just forms a line outside of a takeout window.  My daughter's order was a kaleidescope of colors and flavors, but I'm a simple woman so I elected to just get a small mango shave ice.  Incredibly delicious, my daughter was so right.  As we strolled through Japantown enjoying our shave ice and sharing some mother-daughter bonding time I couldn't help but think that this was a perfect way to spend the day.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,12/1/2010,30,62,7,8,7>YO HO, YO HO, and a bag of crayfish for me... There is something about seafood brought in a bag of sauce that just excites me. Maybe its knowing the food is constantly absorbing flavor or maybe its a novel "presentation" or maybe they just know the food they make is so good that they don't need any fancy garnish to play up the taste. A huge plus was their choice of music; they had the best ensemble of 80s music I've heard since my iPod.  Be prepared for:    -getting right down to business, there is no wait (even on a Friday    night) and the food comes out pretty fast    -getting your clothes splattered with Cajun, garlic, butter sauce    -cutting your nails after your meal to insure the remnants are limited to dinner and not while you sleep.     -making a puppet show starring crayfish, crab, and shrimp  My friends and I ordered 2-lbs of crayfish, 2-lbs of shrimp, 1-lb of king crab legs, 1 dungeon crab, and 6 cobs of corn; this was the perfect amount for five of us and the bill came to $30/person after tip... that's a pretty good deal for all the seafood we had. They also have a deal going on where if you order 4-lbs of crayfish, you'll get another pound for free, but that's a lot, so you might want to hold off unless: there are more than 8 of you, that is the only thing you're eating, or you have some illness and crayfish is cure. Something I've noticed when I read some of the other reviews and how many of them compared this place to Boiling Crab. I've eaten there as well (it is good), but all I can say to that is that people need to review places for what they are and try to refrain from comparing them to somewhere else. I'm Indian, I love Indian food, but if I was to compare every restaurant to my family's cooking, I'd always be disappointed.  Having said that, I would definitely go back to Crawdaddy; I love how there is no wait, the service is attentive and nice, the food is flavorful, the prices are reasonable, and it is a very chill eating environment. Although I marked $$, it can very easily be $$$, so just be aware what you order... it is very easy to order with your eyes, but make sure you wallet can digest your order.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2010,11/30/2010,214,246,11,12,12>I've eaten here a couple times and still haven't tried the burger. On both visits I had the hot dog with bbq sauce, pickles and grilled onions.  I never really thought about putting bbq sauce on a hot dog before but when I was presented with the option I went for it and loved it.  For the price the hot dogs are on the small side, and the buns are pretty unremarkable.  It's clear the novelty and the buzz about this place hasn't worn off yet because there's a steady stream of customers in and out of here all day long. On my first visit I ordered a regular sized order of their Cajun fries.  The spice on the fries was nice but the fries themselves were a little dry, too long and not very crispy.  They lack that munch factor that keeps you eating.  I wish they had a fry size below the regular because that's really just too much to eat. The staff is always polite and the restaurant is kept really clean.  The food comes out pretty fast even during high traffic periods.  Like I said it's a novelty I won't knock them for that.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,11/29/2010,211,504,11,22,13>5 stars for Heidi! I go to bubble lounge to get my eyebrows waxed and absolutely LOVE the wax she uses and the way they turn out. This wax i'm pretty sure is from europe and is much less intrusive and painful than most other waxes. My skin never gets irritated after. Also, its the most amazing price ever- $15 for a wax, when most other places charge $20+Bubble lounge also sells bare minerals powders and such cute clothes!! You can find bubble lounge down a hallway across the street from urban outfitters. you can also get to it coming from the back way adjacent to the MAH.Ive been to my fair share of beauticians in the Santa Cruz area (I've been here for about 5 years), and it doesnt get better than this :)
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,11/28/2010,253,650,6,5,6>I've stayed away for years because this place used to be such a mess. if i ever ventured inside while in high school i'd have a sneezing attack. it was overrun with dust, was completely disorganized, had lots of stuff that had absolutely no value (like free videos that come in the mail) and was staffed by some seriously doddering old women. But i recently came back, and it was completely turned around. the store was well organized and clean, and it had a boutiquey feel. it was still staffed by elderly, somewhat forgetful volunteers, but they were much more competant. I came in looking for an ugly christmas sweater for a bar crawl, and they had all of their holiday accessories and clothes conveniently located in one place. as i marveled at the hideousness of each sweatshirt, i'd hold them up for my sister, across the room. she would nod slowly in horror, while the old lady staff members would coo in appreciation: "what a beautiful sweater!".  me: *suppressed shudder*when i came in, everything in the store was half off. i bought about 15 books, even though i was about to move. the books ranged from 50 cents to 1.75 before the discount. I was impressed at their selection, they had a large number of classics and best sellers, although mostly from previous decades. as i looked through the antique, hand crocheted hankerchiefs, my sister carefully pored over the charmingly printed sheet music, mostly from the 1920s. they were about to close for 2 weeks for the holiday season, to give their staff a vacation. they should be open again now. I would recommend coming in here. it's not huge, but there are lots of entertaining finds, from board games to electronics. the staff is sweet and eager to please. and it's all for a charity, the youth science institute, an environmental educational group that used to operate in the nearby alum rock park but is now in vasona park.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,11/27/2010,274,299,18,12,13>*rolls eyes* For those who complain about these sandwiches being too "greasy" or "fatty" and lower your ratings because of it.... Do us all a favor and just keep to your 900-calories a day of crackers and vitamin water.Its "CHEESE" and "STEAK"! And for Godssake its called "The Cheesesteak Shop!". Don't bother eating here unless you are mentally prepared for the indulgence!I digress. After viewing a special on Geno's and Pat's in Philly I was craving my very first "classic" cheese steak experience.Cheese-wiz, steak, onions and hot peppers.. Wow! Definitely not a sandwich I could stomach on the daily. Nor would I ever find any other reason to eat cheese-wiz. But it definitely was otherworldly enjoyable!In turn, me thinks I shall save my extra star for when I have a REAL cheese-steak from Pat's or Geno's.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,11/26/2010,1117,183,8,8,8>You know Yelpers! My mood must be changing, my opinion becoming lighter, because this place just wasn't that special.  It was normal and ordinary but you know sometimes that's ok.  This place reminded me of the throw-back diner that you went to because it represented quiet, quick and bountiful.  Three stars is appropriate for this venue, because there is nothing about it that could possibly make it worth more stars.............Oh hell, I will give it four.  One more star because I might kinda like the person who took me here!  Another lucky place getting an extra star because my company made me happier!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,11/25/2010,163,368,6,9,7>Since my first visit to Green Planet Yarn, I have become a regular shopper.  They really have the most selection of any of the yarn stores I've been to.  So many amazing yarns in all price ranges... it's been perfect for my crafty mood for 2010.  I even signed up for a couple of classes and just finished my first knitting class.  This really is a treasure trove of products for all yarn crafts.  They have a huge selection of supplies including books, yarn bags, bamboo needles, etc.  The staff is super friendly at helping you pick out your products and with any hang-ups you may have on a project.  They also have a knitting doctor with regularly scheduled hours to help you with your knitting questions.  It's been a great environment to learn knitting in and I can't wait for my next class... socks!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,11/24/2010,339,280,6,9,12>This joint is my favorite place to go for some good finger lickin Korean BBQ. For about 25 bucks you can eat all the delicious Korean BBQ you want. They have the best quality of meats, especially the beef with the bone at the end instead of the regular short ribs. Did I mention I'm VIP here? :) Yea I can thank my parents for that one. The owners are the sweetest, they always ask how my parents are doing and always loads our table with food. We barely even have to get up. And the ahjumah makes the best bean paste soup (duenjangchegae) for us. Highly recommended if you're craving some good Korean BBQ.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,2/25/2012,674,373,12,15,14>I have been here twice and at both times it is during lunch time. I really like how nice and pretty this place is.  The staff are wonderful and that means the service is great.  I've had the Lubia Polo in my first visit.  Persian rice with greens and tomato sauce and with Koubideh kebab and side salad.  It was very good and very flavorful.  And today with my friend, Alice M. (fellow Yelper)..we started with BORANI BADEMJOON (Kashk e Bademjoon) A medley of sautéed eggplant, yogurt, onions, garlic, and mint garnished with kashk (whey).  It is a dip and you dip your pieces of lavash bread.  It is so nicely presented and  topped with caramelized onion.  This is seriously highly suggested for starter/appetizer.  Just don't eat too much because it can be heavy.  For our main dish, we both order the chicken kebab with bone ( charbroiled perfectly marinated cornish hen) ...this you gotta try too..so good.  Serving is pretty plentiful for one person so we skipped dessert hahaha. ..well there is always next time.The lunch main dish includes salad, persian rice, and roasted tomato.  Very reasonably priced.  Oh don't forget to put that sumac seasoning on your kebabs and rice. I will definitely return to this place and try all other stuff.  I also thank my friend Alice for the lunch =)
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,2/24/2012,404,263,7,10,8>It's almost that time again. This year's clam chowder cookoff is Saturday, February 25th. I had some of the best (and worst) clam chowder at the Boardwalk last year and am really looking forward to this year. If you're not a crowds person, this may not be the best venue for you, but if you love clam chowder and BSing with the cooks & chefs, this is a must-do. It's frantic and fun all at the same time. The weather is usually nice this time of year (sweater weather) but just make sure you come prepared for anything. It's fun watching the amateurs cook and almost every Team has a "theme." One of my favorites last year was "Silence of the clams." They had a Hannibal Lecter dummy in front of the booth and all the cooks wore black sweatshirts with Hannibal Lecter's (Anthony Hopkins) face on the front. Tasters get to vote for their favorites with the "Peoples Choice" ballot, making it a highly competitive event. The tasting kit this year is $9 and you get 5 tasting tickets, a paper cup, spoon and napkin. Last year I got double tickets in my tasting kit so I was in chowder heaven! You can compete as an individual or a professional. Individual teams are required to cook a minimum of three gallons. Professional teams are required to cook a minimum seven gallons. Of course, Teams can prepare as many gallons above the minimum as they wish and the more chowder they make, the better their chance to win! We got there way too early last year and it was hard having to wait til 1pm to taste because of all the good aromas in the air. The down side: lines are chaotic and usually the clam chowder runs out in about an hour and a half, so if there's one you really want to try, hover around the booth before 1pm to be one of the first in line. We lined up in front of Carmona's booth (Watsonville BBQ joint) 45 minutes before they started serving.It's a really fun event and a great way to support Santa Cruz Parks & Recreation too.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,2/23/2012,351,376,6,7,6>You seriously canNOT go wrong with this place if you're in need of a cheap happy hour place.  My friend, Louisa T., told me that their happy hour offers not only free..but UNLIMITED appetizers.  I couldn't believe what I heard, so of course I head over on a double date with her and our boyfriends.  =)  We ordered a pitcher of margaritas for $20 and devoured the appetizers.  I've heard they change the food constantly, but our visit allowed us to try nachos, carnitas, taquitos, and quesadillas.  Their food all hit the spot and left us going home full.  I'm definitely heading over here again for happy hour. =)
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,2/22/2012,103,78,12,14,13>Delicious mad scientist food. Probably the best foie I've had. Expensive tasting menu plus wine pairing, but definitely incredibly thoughtful, funny, and delicious food. Ambiance - maybe it was just that night, but the restaurant was too hushed and museum-like to feel completely comfortable to me. If you love thinking about the chef thinking about the food creation process, go there. If not, probably don't bother.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,2/21/2012,648,170,6,9,8>A simple setup, I liked the round table in the middle of the establishment, it brings a very familiar sort of feeling, of better times in far away places, when things were different, when I was different.  The old-school Sapporo beer posters were a nice touch, if only they had Enka music playing in the background I might have forgotten I was in Mountain View entirely, not necessarily a bad prospect at this point.Combo "A".  I had Gyoza (Pot Stickers), Gohan (Rice), and Ramen (Ramen).  I went with the Kuro (Black) ramen because: A) I thought it looked cool, and B) Once you go black, you never go back.  The wait was minutes.  I went to work on the Gyoza, it was not the super market variety, but not freshly hand made either, the middle road if you will.  The rice was not sufficiently soft, I can make better rice at home.Spring the $3 to get the Maru Ichi Tonkatsu Special Ramen, you get less sprouts and more noodles and meat, and in Ramen and life in general, size matters, just ask any girl.  If you can get past the thought that you are about to eat a bowl of black ink, you will be in for a treat.  The noodles were legit.  Pro tip:  Save the meat for last, let it soak in the juices, because meat dripping in juices is pretty fcuking hot.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,2/20/2012,782,197,16,12,8>Come here to get intense and delicious coffee and a complimentary side of sass from the baristas.If you're feeling fancy, order the coffee brûlée. First of all, you should always order strangely spelled foreign drinks--especially if the exotic word has a little teepee over the letter "u". The good news is that the brûlée includes entertainment. The barista makes you a cappuccino and then dusts your creamy drink with sugar. Then a blow torch comes out suddenly there is fire! (Remember: safety third.) The only thing that would make this process more entertaining was if the barista slipped into a welding outfit and splashed water all over herself. Once your lips break the layer of caramelized sugar on top, you will thank me for telling you to order this heavenly beverage.Note to newbies: there are two lines. The line to the right is for "regular" coffee and the one to the left is for "fancy coffee." Have patience and make sure you stand in the correct line. Violators will be decaffeinated.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,2/19/2012,304,267,7,9,7>Is your dog no longer turning heads, or is it lacking "Swag"??????Don't worry let Doggie Stylezz Pimp out yr Mut!!!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~~~~~~So I got tired of always taking my dog to PetSmart and wanted to try a new place, saw that this place had a great 5-star review so I called them up and for $50 they would do a haircut, nail trim, and gland cleanse.  So they squeezed me into their busy schedule, very clean place, really professional, and friendly customer service.  The great thing about this place is they ask you exactly how you want your dog's haircut, they have a sample pad of fur where they ask you what number you would like fur to be.  They also offer highlights and extension, really crazy all the stuff they offer.  They clean and cut in one place, and then dry in another place.  Your dog once done is kept in a clean cage.  My session took about 3-4 hours so be prepared to drop yr dog for a really long time but it is well worth it as I have never seen my mut look so great and they give her a free bandanna, plus even added their own touch of styling her hair with a small mo-hawk.  This place is 5 times better than PetSmart haircut session and basically the same price.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~~~~~~~~I give all Pet Owners My Elite Recommendation to try this place out because once you do, you will never go to any other place for yr pet grooming needs!!!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,2/18/2012,405,477,16,17,14>Move over all other so called "super heros" ... The Super Hero sandwich from Willow Glen Meats & Smokehouse reigns supreme. Does Wolverine have delicious tri tip covered in tasty BBQ sauce? I think not. Does Spiderman have heavenly slices of bacon? Nope. Does Magneto have fresh slices of avocado? No chance. There is only one Super Hero that combines all three levels of deliciousness and this is the only place you will find it. Order the Super Hero and prepare for unmatched deliciousness.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2011,2/17/2012,854,542,22,20,17>Elegant Pub. "Elegant" and "Pub"; neither of those two words apply to this joint, but it IS one of the few places on the Eastside that has character. And by character, I mean the spot is the epitome of a neighborhood, reflecting the community nearby. Hardworking. No pretense. Even a little bit hood-sy. Real.Depending on when you go to Elegant Pub, you can encounter a whole gamut of people. During the day (Sunday, whilst the attached Evergreen Inn is serving generously portioned breakfast food), the Elegant Pub is full of friendly regulars, the bar lined with older couples and ESSJ natives that seem to have ritually met here for years. The bar is really just an extension of the restaurant at this point, bustling with people eating omelets and swedish pancake breakfasts, only accompanied by Screwdrivers and Bloody Marys instead of coffee and OJ. (BONUS: on Saturday and Sunday, bar patrons can get a free bowl of menudo with the purchase of alcohol.)Weeknights are slow Monday through Wednesday, as can be expected. But on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights, the place is lively and frenetic with local clientele (and all that comes with THAT... read: sometimes hood-sy). Just act right, no bluster, no frontin', no fakery, and you'll be fine.The staff here, day and night, are some of the friendliest bartenders around, adept and quick to serve, whether its to sling Irish Coffees and Chavelas to breakfast/brunchers, or pouring drafts and shots for the late night crowd.The decor is outfitted with all the standard fare; a pool table, a jukebox, a dozen seats at the bar, darts, and 4-5 dimly lit high-back booths, you know, for privacy. This is the eastside, after all; people still get hickeys on this side of town.I'm not quite sure what time the attached restaurant serves food until (I've only ever been there on a Sunday morn), but if you happen to be there later in the evening and missed the kitchen, don't despair. Right outside on the sidewalk, a cart/stand is set up most nights making and selling tacos with so much authenticity and street cred that the nearby Taco Bell probably has an inferiority complex everytime the sun goes down. And I must say, those tacos have saved my drunk behind many a night...(And really, I'm kidding, the hood isn't so hood... I've lost credit cards here and gotten them back. I've lost dignity here too; never got that back though, but that's another story. Just saying.)Live it up._________________________________Super Chavelas! Beer of your choice, lotsa lime, chile, clamato, salt, tapatio, worcestershire, and sink a tequila shot into it... Yup, THAT'S how we do....
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,2/16/2012,653,1522,9,9,9>I went to the dentist yesterday....at least I'm pretty sure it was the dentist.  I got a cleaning and check up as I would at any other office but in a lot more comfort.  The office is very stylish and welcoming but it's once you sit in the chair that they really show you how it should be done.  A heated neck pillow, gently massaging chair and a movie of my selection made me forget where I was.  They truly take note of what is good for the patient.  This includes everything from shades, so the light doesn't bother you, to thoroughly explaining x-rays and what's generally going on. Everyone should go here, unless of course, you're a sadist.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,2/4/2012,736,972,12,10,9>Wow, why are the reviews so low.   Quit Frontin' people, the food is the bomb.comYeah, I brought back a saying from the 1990's.  Don't judge me, but I sampled the following:runner's high-"healthy plate"pancakes-CRACK ROCK. GOOOOD! strawberries and whip cream-a decadent splurgecarrot + OJ juice =fresh and will fill you upEverything was fresh, and made from scratch.   If you are on a diet or lack will power, head for a run and go somewhere else.  This place offers too many temping optoins to stick with the "healthy' plate. I want to go back after a 6 mile run and consume calories like It was 1999! Sunday-be prepared for the line. Service is hit or miss, but if you snag a seat at the counter....they can't IGNORE YOU. Take that from me, little ms. tipster.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,2/3/2012,539,247,6,11,9>Truong Thanh is the only Viet restaurant that I keep coming back to consistently. I thank my awesome co-workers for exposing me to great Vietnamese food. Truong Thanh isn't your typical super asian atmosphere. The decor is pretty modern, the place is very clean, air conditioned, and the employees there even wear shirts branded with the restaurant's name!Their menu consists of all your favorite Viet comfort foods, everything from spring rolls, pho, bao luc lac, hu tieu, to banh xeo,My favorites are:Mi Thai Dac Biet (Kho) - Thai style egg noodle (dry) with crispy jumbo prawns *ask for extra sauce on the side, trust me it's G double O D!Mi Dac Biet - Combination egg noodle soup, shrimp, wonton, fish ball, chicken, pork. This one is good is even good dry.Service is great, food comes out fast and fresh and they give you little snickers bars with your check or gold chocolate coins! Come early before 11:30 to avoid the lunch crowd on the weekdays. Also there is a minimum $25 tab for credit card charges and this place closes Mondays (we had to learn the hard way)
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,2/2/2012,235,395,4,13,9>Every new restaurant deserves a chance; and after 3 months I'm confident that the Armenian Village (a better name for The Village Falafel, or The Village Armenian maybe) will shine even more than today. There is only one Armenian restaurant in the area (Sunnyvale) and now there are two. The owners are a classic story of immigrants from Lebanon who landed here 10 years ago and started building a small business through a watch repair shop and now a restaurant; one has to love the work ethic. My lamb Shawerma today was one of the best ever. It came with a side of Hummus and pita chips which were delicious. The Tahini is different from what you might know from many of the middle eastern places up and down El Camino, Stevens Creek and Winchester Blvd. It has more flavor and some spices, I can't quite get my taste buds around it to identify them. For a real treat try the "Armenian Coffee" with a homemade Bakhlava. If you are fortunate enough to be there when Papa, the head of the family is there, he may treat you to a coffee and his story of building a business in America/Cupertino. The investment in making over a tired restaurant location is substantial and deserves to make it. One needs to remember this is Armenian cuisine and not your typical middle eastern fare. While it is described in a similar manner, the spices may be different and not quite the same. Watch for entertainment in the future, rumor has it there could be belly dancers and traditional music. Coming soon? I understand there will be more new and authentic Armenian dishes added as the learn what the market likes. Good fortune and welcome to Cupertino
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,2/1/2012,880,513,13,15,13>I love Pho. Especially, when I'm hungover after a night a drunken debauchery. My friends and I have been here almost every Saturday/Sunday morning for the last 4 weeks. And the place is pretty solid!I'll usually get a #1 with meatballs, thai ice tea, and spring rolls. Pretty much always the same, I never stray. Variety is the spice of life, but when you're hung the f-over, sticking with what you know is the remedy, is always key. Remember that! Annnnnddd sometimes it just hurts to think about what you want to eat when you've drank a silo worth of liquid the night before, but I digress.And considering this is a Vietnamese joint., the service is pretty awesome. If you've been to some other Vietnamese places, you know that the service can be pretty much shit. Price is good, portions are generous, and service is quick. (And I have yet to find a foreign object in my pho.) So you can't go wrong!Unless I find a foreign object in my pho/food, I will cop this place out quicker than Kim Kardashian and Kris Humphries marriage. So keep up the good work Pho Nam!Edit: Oh, and I have a Caucasian friend, who doesn't like pho (I know what the pho right!?). She is probably the pickiest eater EVER, so we have to get her Jack & The Box, Subway, or something else for her in order to get her to eat with us. Pho Nam is nice enough that they'll let someone in your party bring in food from another place. How nice of them right?
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,1/31/2012,534,573,10,12,11>Busy bistro with wonderful, fresh lunch time eats!I ordered the spinach salad with steak. I expected a small salad with a few slices of steak on top - but when it arrived at my table - WOW! The large plate was overflowing with spinach, ample slices of steak, sprinkled with blue cheese and tomato slices on the side. Although I ate my fill, it didn't even look like I touched my plate. Service is polite and efficient. Street parking can be a challenge - especially on the weekend. I'll be returning with my doggie as I also understand that they're doggie friendly!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2011,1/30/2012,389,207,13,18,16>One time! Two time!Now I can honestly say that I have "found my dive". Holler!Bogart's Lounge and Tech Pub is absolutely shady-looking from the outside. That's the main reason it has never crossed my mind to even check it out. From driving back and forth AMC Mercado, it is not unknown to me that they do have Karaoke Nights. Seeing from the road, the crowd that hangs out in this pub also appears to be scruffy-looking peeps and biker-like dudes. Aw, man! I am such an idiot. This freaking amazing dive bar is located in a teenie-tiny strip in the middle of nowhere next to a 7-11 store and some noodle house. I can totally see this strip from my house balcony too, being right next to the freeway. I have never thought of checking out Yelp for reviews of this place until the night I finally ended up here for the first time. NOT BAD at all. Like movies, when I enter a club/bar/pub for the first time, I lower my expectations so I can be assured I would still enjoy no matter. For some reason, I couldn't do this with Bogart's. A friend of mine and I hooked up one night and since I was too lazy to drive to Sodini's in Redwood City (his suggestion), I "demanded" that we hit Bogart's. "I haven't been there but I read good reviews.".  I call before I head there and the guy who answered the phone was very, very nice. Hmm! I felt good already! He confirmed that they did have karaoke that night.Enter little strip. Parking was easy for a Friday night and I was kinda hoping so since I know how little the space is of this location. It was around 9:30 pm and there was a little crowd by the door. I entered and voila! The number of people inside was what I hoped it would be. Pool table, karaoke stage, a few bar tables and the bar. David, the owner (according to Jennifer, a stranger who was super super friendly) was also the bartender. My buddy was there already and took care of the drinks. David is very friendly and can be very rowdy! I love it!The karaoke is not the best I have ever had BUT come on, it's a dive bar! The little space in front of the stage is the dance floor and oh boy, the crowd is soooooo awesome and down-to-earth. They seem to know each other and they were very, very friendly to me and my buddy. Lots of smoking outside, so do expect to smell like cigarette smoke when the night is over. The crowd ranges from ages 25-65. Honestly, I love how everyone seems to know each other and are very welcoming.My vodka-cran seemed very diluted but I was hollering with everyone there by the 3rd drink. LOL. Everyone was cheerful, friendly AND the bathroom was clean!Bogart's, you amuse me! I've never had so much dive fun in my life as the night I was here. Fun people, staff and even the karaoke guy (who looked like he has never showered and gotten a haircut) is awesome! Going back to movies, I cannot forget when I began going to the movies alone and felt that it wasn't that bad at all. Bogart's is so chillaxed, I feel like soon enough, I'll be having my first trip to the bar alone.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,1/29/2012,2665,2597,10,11,10>This place is TINY and you basically have to squeeze yourself in narrowly just to get to the front if you ordered to-go. I did order some massive amounts of food for my team during an event but they were friendly and the order was on time despite the fact that we ordered at 11 am (they open late!) for a 12 pm ready time.I can't speak much for the dining experience although it looks packed and crowded, but the food was fantastic. Their take on eggplant isn't my favorite but their spicy food is on the mark. The spicy chicken (kung pao I think.. or their take on kung pao) has just the right amount of heat in it. The chow mein was good even though I'm normally not a fan of Chinese pan fried noodles, and the vegetable fried rice was equally delicious. My favorite dish must have been the tofu and vegetables. Simple but well flavored and wasn't super greasy! Didn't make you feel like a grease ball after.Totally recommended, food is great, food is cheap and I'm sure you can get in on some lunch specials.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,1/28/2012,146,142,4,12,5>I'm sure I have an old friend somewhere that could attest to the fact that I once said, "I won't get any work done when I get older." That was when I was about 30 and, yes, that's a big load of BS. If you want to start taking some extra steps to aid your skin, consider Blu Cocoon Med Spa. I had a consult and was impressed with the facilities and the recommendations/information I was given. They have a multitude of treatments to help your skin look and feel better.I chose Vibradermabrasion, Botox & a Sensia Peel. I also purchased some products to help with my ongoing battle with Rosacea (Rosaclear by Obagi)  rosacea.org . So far, I couldn't be happier. I didn't notice a thing from the Vibradermabrasion, I have to be honest, and it was more expensive than the rest...bummer. But the products and the Botox are like a miracle. It's the best thing I have done for myself in a LONG time. I'm having my peel on the 15th so I will update then.4 Stars only because what was recommended to me in the consult was way less than what was strongly recommended when I actually met for my treatment. So, I ended up spending double what I anticipated. I'm happy with what I have purchased, I was just not prepared due to my original consult. My skin is looking great and I am happy that I have discovered Blu Cocoon to help me age just a little more gracefully.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,1/27/2012,601,744,11,13,10>This place is ridiculous... really? Cheesecake poppers? These things are dangerous. They're so small you can eat one of each of them. I tried to be civil and split a popper with the Canadian but it was taking too much time.. just pop it in my mouth already (ok.. maybe a big mouthful, but you get what I'm sayin'...)!Rewind a couple hours, we arrived at the shop and were asked if we had ever been there before. Much to our delighted surprise, Charlie has a "Try before you buy!" policy.. OKIE DOKIE! I had the pumpkin and the Canadian had the key lime. Good Lawd they were good! The pumpkin was creamy and the key lime had some kick! They were goooooood!!!!We went in with the hopes of walking out with two dozen, but after we sampled, we ended up buying a Party Platter. Two dozen for our party and one dozen for us! Sweet!Got home and couldn't help but pop the blueberry one in my mouth! So yummy! The texture is just so smooth and creamy and the flavors are just the perfect compliment! The berries are the best but my favorite has to be the strawberry: just a perfectly balanced strawberry cheesecake bite(s) of heaven... and of course, the key lime. The key lime is definitely a winner!Go get some! But whatever you do, make sure you have enough to share!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,1/26/2012,498,141,7,12,12>Pros:- NO WAIT!!  WOOHOO!- Fast service- Open on Mondays (perfect for when I forget that Orenchi is closed on Mondays bc this is directly across the street)- Good broth to content ratio- Different type of broth--I believe they use a garlic/ginger type thing.  Quite yummy and unexpected.- Pork was very good and they give a generous amount of it!Cons:- Cash only :(Overall, not the best but definitely better than other places I've been to.  Would I come back?  Possibly if I am craving ramen on a Monday or if I am in a hurry...
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2007,5/10/2008,123,135,12,13,13>Lobster is my drug.  I'm not joking - check my profile for my last meal on earth!  When I was growing up, I'd spend weeks every summer in New Hampshire with my grandparents.  My dad and his family are all true New Englanders and knew the best places to go for boiled lobster with drawn butter and corn on the cob.  They were always super casual restaurants - rolls of paper towels on wooden picnic benches.  The only big difference between those experiences and mine at Old Port Lobster Shack was, well - the price!I realize we're talking lobster here but $18 ($17.75) for a sandwich still seems high for me.  Heck I can buy a 2 pound lobster at Ranch 99 for $20, boil it at home and have 2 meals!  So I'm not entirely sure why these things are SO expensive.  Pricey I'd expect, but $20 with tax before even buying a drink is one EXPENSIVE picnic table lunch. Beyond that though, we're talking 5 star yumminess.  I can't put my finger on why it wasn't QUITE up to New England par but maybe that's what happens when lobsters travel the long haul cross country.  The sandwich was a bit smaller than what I recall growing up - but granted, I too was smaller then!I'd recommend doing what we did today:-go with a friend (or a humongo appetite) and get the 2 lobster rolls for $33.  You'll save $2.50 and only miss an extra side order of chips and coleslaw.-get the Maine lobster roll for the true New England experience.  Just a bit of mayo (Hellmann's too - straight New England!), some green onions and salt and pepper.  It's not too mayonnaisey and gives you just enough flavor.  Plus, the best part: NO CELERY!  Woohoo!!!!  *doing a little jig*  (Celery is my least favorite food on this planet with the exception of something like chicken fetuses.)-the Naked lobster roll was good but doesn't have as much flavor.  Get this if you truly just want to just experience the lobster and not so much the true lobster roll.-try the fried clams.  These too are straight New England.  Full-belly clams as opposed to clam strips.  It means you get the entire clam vs. just the chewy bits.  But the flavor is great and I love them.  Note you pay $20 for maybe 15 clams.  They're piled on top of french fries which makes the serving look larger when it arrives.Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!  The lobster is tender and barely sweet - just as it should be.  The rolls are soft on the inside, and buttery crispy on the outside - WAY better than some of the "almost hot dog buns" I know I've had back East before...  For a relatively small sandwich, they really pack a good amount of lobster in.  I couldn't afford drinks after signing my $60 tab for 2 :P, so we poured ourselves water from the complimentary pitchers next to the drink machine.*sigh* perhaps a $30 lunch is something I'll have to get used to if this place remains as good as it was today.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2008,5/9/2008,232,126,22,11,17>Not too long ago my sister brought home this box of half dozen Vanilla cream puffs from Beard Papa, and put it into the fridge. She didn't ask me to try some because she knew I am not a big fan of sweet, or maybe she was being evil and stingy.Either way, I was really starving that night so I tried ONE cream puff to kill the hunger.  One thing led to another, next thing I knew was that I got yelled at next day because I "accidentally" ate 4 out of the 6 she brought back. (Who the hell only buys half dozen when you have to drive about 30+ minutes for this)  I swear it tasted so good that I just blacked out and not remembering what had happened!!!  Nevertheless, I went to San Jose later that week and brought back 1 full dozen as a token of my apology to my beloved sister.Rich, creamy texture with light vanilla sweet is the only thing I could somehow remember from that wild late night encounter...
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,5/8/2008,228,57,11,17,14>Are you kidding me!  This is the best haircut and blowdry in all of Silicon Valley and no one has yet to comment?!?  Every single person I have referred to P3 has been amazed.  On the DL, right across the street from Race Street Fish Market is the most incredible hair stylist EVER!!   I don't even know how to describe the transformation that will take place after visiting this man.  Words that come to mind are Fabulous, Gorgeous, I'm too sexy for ......, Touch my body...., I'm bringing sexy back..., Red carpet, A-M-A-ZING!The ridiculous and almost illegal part about it is he only charges $35.00 for a haircut!!!  More $$ to put in your BOTOX fund piggie bank.Gay-Haters stay home and keep paying $100 in L.G.P.S. He is the owner and his name is Pedro.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,5/7/2008,510,406,19,15,21>This place is so cool!  They don't waste time and energy on other crappy non-cookie related desserts.  Nope...it's just cookies...good ol' American style cookies.  You walk in and you smell cookies all around.  Nothing but glorious cookie goodness.  We ordered a half-dozen and picked 6 different cookies.  I was way too excited for my own good.  Did I mention that I LOVE cookies?!These are not like the shitty cookies at Virginia Bakery in Berkeley that everyone seems to think are good for some unknown reason.  They're similar, in that they're cookies...but different, in that they're effing fantastic.Somehow I'm really excited by the fact that I can order a half-dozen cookies like they're donuts...only they're worth the calories unlike donuts which suck.  ...and they were SO patient with me when I was taking forever to decide which would be the 6 glorious cookies to make the long trip back to Fremont with me.Thank God I go to Cal and not UCSC or I'd be 450 pounds...and it'd be all cookie.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2008,5/6/2008,38,647,6,16,13>Today was the grand opening, and I had to be there. This was my family's go-to place, when it was housed across the street, and I am diggin' its reincarnation. I like the lanterns and lighting, but what really caught my eye were the huge imprinted Chinese characters on the wall. Nice touch. They got rid of all the cheesy decor and stuck to simple elegance. I wish my family was in town this weekend because it would have been nice to have our first family dinner here on opening night.Cal and I drove by last night and saw that it was opening today, so I made sure we came for dinner. We had a feeling it might get packed tonight, so we arrived early (6-ish). We walked in, and I didn't recognize any of the staff. One of the guys, not sure who he was, came up to us and said we would be seated shortly. They were a little unorganized because two ladies came up to us, one said she would be right with us and and the next lady sat us right away. During the commotion, Irene (who I knew from the old Fu Lam) came up to greet us. I guess she got promoted because she was wearing a suit, instead of a black or green vest. We didn't see the other two guys from the old Fu Lam, so I'm not sure if they moved elsewhere. Ben, the owner, came over to greet us as well. He asked when my family would have our next party there and I assured him that we would book my birthday/grad dinner there next month. Then, he brought over the banquet menus and told me about the new facilities. We're getting the private room with karaoke! heheThey had a full staff, but there's a lot of kinks to work out. Our food came out a bit later than we expected, but we forgave them as soon as we started eating. The chicken and corn soup was wonderful, the walnut prawns were great, and the seafood pan fried noodles were above average. They made sure to check up on us many times. One of  the guys even brought us a new pot of tea because he said it was warm and we needed to have hot tea. I'm not sure if that was because they saw Ben come over and talk to us or not because the couple next to us waited about an hour and didn't get any service. They came in about 5 minutes after we were seated and walked out the same time we were paying our bill. I'm not sure what happened, but it was unfortunate to see two people so disappointed.I still give this place 5 stars because we had a great time and the food was just as good as I remember, if not better. I think the layout is also a vast improvement, and I cannot wait to come back next month (or sooner). Just under $50 for two, incl. tip. The banquet menu is also reasonable, as well - $238-$688 for 10-12 dishes.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2007,5/5/2008,770,537,7,13,20>Sleek, sexy, sleek, TOKIDOKI!!!Purist is a beautiful store that opened up on the Historic District section of 1st street.  In between San Fernando and Santa Clara.  Definitely a great location for a store like this. Purist carries brands that reflect a little bit of a hip-hop/ street attitude type of style. Their selection at the moment is a bit low, only because like my fiance said, they opened in between seasons.   Kevin the owner is an awesome guy.  I finally got to meet him for the first time today and the other numerous times I've been in I've had the pleasure to talk to Marco.  Every single time I've come in there Marco has always greeted me with warm smiles and great small talk conversation.  The other day I noticed that there were the TOKIDOKI bags as promised to come in.  I was so excited to see it in the window yesterday that I brought my loving fiance in there today to go check them out...hahahah as he described our experience there I guess I don't have to mention anything else, but this store will definitely see some success in downtown San Jose.  Working downtown and seeing a store like this open up 6 doors from Ego Mechanix is very exciting for me and should be very exciting to all the San Jose shoppers as well.  It brings some culture and flavor to downtown San Jose....FINALLY downtown is getting more shopping!P.S. A couple days after I bought my bag!!!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,5/4/2008,1088,215,16,14,13>My friend Caroline and I like to play a scary version of what-if. For example, "What if the plane I'm flying to Hawaii is hijacked and crashes into a deserted island. How long until my last pair of contacts shrivels up leaving me stranded, incapable of seeing rescue boats, unable to gather food or avoid falling into the shark infested waters never to get my butt off that island?!?!?!?"Ok, you get the grisly point. After Caroline sufficiently freaked me out from her Lost scenario I decided it was time to start looking into Lasik. Hopefully in the event of this crash I could summon my inner Professor and be able to see the difference between Mary Ann and Ginger - without contacts.A friend recommended I chat with Dr. Chatwani about Lasik. Dr. C spent a long time patiently explaining my options and enduring my nerdy and nervous questions about having my eyes lasered up. Dr. C was extremely knowledgeable, easygoing and helpful. While I'm probably going to have my procedure and follow-up care performed in San Francisco, I would definitely use Dr. Chatwani as my primary optometrist if I lived in the East Bay.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2007,5/3/2008,276,152,18,7,11>*Momma knows best*Is it wrong to review where your mom works?Is it wrong to review a place where your mom puts you to work, when you show up for your doctor's appointment?Or lies (yes my mom lies to me) and tells you "son your appointment is at 11:30." when it really is at 12:30 JUST so I can go out and pick her up lunch?  That's what I get for letting her set my appointments.The answer is: NO!See having your mom as a nurse at home is one thing... having her as your nurse at the doctors office, is another thing.  Sorry, I'm a laugher and she cracks me up.  Not that she says anything funny.. just sitting there thinking "that's my mom" I bust up every time...Oh and there once was this time where she put a thesascope to my back and told me to take a deep breath... I feel out!  I couldn't stop laughing.  I think she slapped me and told me to stop fooling around.  I was 20 then.  lol never too old to get hit.  Doctor Yu is amazing.  I'm sorry, but this man is ambitious!  I see him doing big things in his future and not just being a family doctor.  I recommend him to anyone looking for a doc in Los Altos/Palo Alto area.  I'm no longer a patient of his and he'll still give me advice.  If my mom is your nurse (her name is Margaret) tell her, her son says, "hi"oh but don't laugh... you might get slapped ;0)
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,5/2/2008,149,321,34,8,41>One fishTwo fishHot fishCool fish.Pink fishCold fishRaw fishBold fishThis one hasa sushi bar.This one's location is not far.Say! What a lotof sushi there are.Yes. Some are hot. And some are cold.Some are raw. And some are bold.Some are ahi.And some are aji.And some are even unagi.Why are theyahi and aji and unagi?I do not know.Go ask your itamaeSome are nigiri.And some are maki.The maki one istekka maki.From sushi to sashimi,from sashimi to sushi,fishy eatsare soft and mooshy.There are somewho make me numb.They make me numb'Coz they're yum, yum, yum.Oh me! Oh my!Oh me! Oh my!Sushi Okawajust makes me sigh.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,5/1/2008,86,177,15,9,12>That goat standing on a stump in my pics is from Hidden Villa.I have always done things on my own terms, and I hate it when anyone tells me what to do, like homework, or house chores, or an itinerary.  I decide when I do something, and if I need suggestions, I'll ask for it.  So, as soon as I got my license, and was able to break away from the parentals, the first place I often escaped to would be Hidden Villa to disassociate myself from the external attempt of control.The verdant landscape would immediately calm me and the sound of the petite waterfalls and rustling foliage would soothe me.  I could walk these trails forever and never encounter the same path twice.  Often, I would be accompanied with one other friend, but this friend would have to know the value of silence, or at least, value the sounds of nature around.My only gripe about this place are the giant banana slugs.  I have an irrational fear of slugs and snails, and when I meet them on a trail, I will always freeze.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,8/28/2012,490,412,14,18,14>Take Seattle's Pikes Market, shrink it down, get rid of the flying fish, and hide that awesome view...that's what you get with San Pedro Square Market.Ok...that's a big stretch, but I'm glad to see that San Jose is doing something to add to the culture of the core downtown.  San Pedro Square Market is a start.  Although it's not quite complete, I can just imagine sitting out on the patio amongst the flower vendors, soaking up the great California weather, with live music playing in the background and people milling around.  I'm sure that's the image the civic leaders thought of when they designed this.I can't wait for this place to be 100% fully functional.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,8/27/2012,125,61,6,9,5>The Stromboli here is spectacular!!! As another reviewer described it as life changing I would have to agree!! Been coming here most of my life and the restaurant & food has stayed consistently great. We picked up a stromboli and a pizza last Friday evening to take with us to Capitol Drive in which was great because Dimaggios is really close to the drive in. Pizza was good too!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,8/26/2012,782,197,10,10,9>The massage I had by Owen was one of the best I've ever had in my life. I am a massage-snob and I'm happy to pay over $100 for a good massage. But I'd rather pay $20 for an excellent massage. If you like strong massages, Owen is your man. He's incredible.The foot massage (more than a foot massage) is performed in a room with about a dozen the red velvet chairs look like something that would be in a 50 Shades of Grey playroom. Christian and Ana would approve. It's quiet, peaceful, and for $20 you get a warm foot bath and an amazing massage that includes attention to the head, arms, shoulders, and legs. Come here to pamper yourself, release stress, and get a massage you won't forget. Tip: wear comfortable loose clothing, and don't come after you've styled your hair. Consider being generous with your tip. These masseurs work hard for their money. If you don't come to 100 Benefits, you can always get a free massage from your spouse. But those are never really "free", right? They always come with an expectation that you feel pressing against your back halfway through the half-assed massage your husband gives you. Pay $20 and get a real massage that is all about you. You deserve it! Bonus: they are happy to take last minute "walk-ins" and they are next door to 24-Hour Fitness.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,8/25/2012,28,157,2,29,8>Awesome place for a good hike or run. A total gem of the south bay! Can definitely get crowded on the weekends in some spots, but that's better than being out there on a barren weekday and getting creeped out if you are easily spooked.I've gotten better workouts here than I have at any gym. The more you put into it, the more you will get out of it. Especially on those steep uphill climbs.A few things to do if you plan to go:Bring water, wear good shoes and dress in layers. Summers get HOT, so also consider sunscreen and a hat. Winters can be cool, but you can easily work up a sweat on the uphill climbs.Bring a camera. Spring brings some great flowers, and you can easily come across some of the old mining towns or equipment. Deer, coyote, wild turkey and bobcats make appearances on occasion. In general, the scenery is is nice and only gets better the higher up you get on the hill. Be aware of your surroundings at all times. Just common sense here.If you don't know the park, grab a map at the entrance so you don't get lost. Overly cautious folk may consider a whistle, snacks and other necessities if you worry about getting lost or stranded.DOG OWNERS... If you plan to bring your dog, PLEASE be aware of what they are doing and where they are walking. Spring, summer and early fall present an abundance of ticks and rattlesnakes. I've seen too many people letting their dogs run off into the heavy brush (usually off leash, sometimes leashed). It's just not worth the risk of a snake bite or ticks (Lyme Disease can be ugly, and your dog may not survive a snake bite). Same can be said for children running loose and climbing rocks (snakes like to hide beneath them). THINK, PEOPLE!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,8/24/2012,304,267,7,9,7>Found a new Thai spot out here in South SJ to wine and dine the ladies... This place is stuck between a 3.5-4 stars....the food here is good, i mean i've had better Thai food but the quality of customer service, private parking lot, prices, and the cleanliness of the restaurant is why I had to give it 4 stars....so let's break down some of the food yo!Pad Thai with Tofu - was really good, not too saucy, had a good flavor to it, serving size is enough for one personPrawns n Scallop Stir Fry - this dish was excellent, scallops were cooked to perfection, this one is a must tryBrown Rice - so-so, was slightly undercooked, but you could hardly notice, unless yr picky like mePlaya to Playa it's a great spot to grab good Thai food without the long wait at most other places in SJ!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/23/2012,392,181,5,13,9>I love the entire experience of breakfast - the ritual of coffee, orange juice, eggs, sweet and savory foods. I believe I've set the bar pretty high but it's the first big meal of the day. The question is: why not? Scramblz is a terrific little (big) breakfast diner that serves up morning classics, pancakes  and fresh squeezed orange juice. I love coming here on Sundays and getting greeted by smiling faces in a cozy, homey atmosphere. The food here has always been consistent, and the portions are huge. I always have leftovers for dinner! The omelets are fantastic and their eggs are always appetizing. I had the chicken fried steak here before and it's also really good. I didn't like the overload of that white cream sauce but the chicken fried steak itself was really good.Overall, I really like this place. The menus are in newspaper form, the place is decorated brightly and the seating is fantastic. Each booth and table has a lot of leg room. A good experience that hasn't been topped.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,8/22/2012,1128,746,6,6,9>Originally came here for Save Our Shores: Beach Cleanup. I suppose this beach is also called Moran Lake Beach as well since it can connect to the Moran Lake. The beach is intimate and far away from Boardwalk so you don't have to worry about all the tourists and noise.My brother and I came here after checking in at the free parking lot across the street. The lot holds about 30 cars and has restrooms. The beach was a bit foggy when we arrived, but it was beautiful and free of people minus the surfers waiting to catch some waves.The beach is dog and bonfire friendly! Saw lots of dogs playing together and bonfires going later in the day. The beach did seem to fill up around 11-12 with people. It's a relatively clean beach, probably considering the monthly beach clean ups that occur often in Santa Cruz. The clean up was a bit bittersweet, since we had hopes of finding buckets of trash ... but we found a good portion to bring back to be recycled.Definitely going to head to this beach instead of Boardwalk or Seabright when in need of a beach day!If you bring trash in, please throw it away! Not only for future visitors, but to preserve the natural state of the beach itself :-)
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/21/2012,122,183,2,18,12>Anna is the sweetiest ever and she loves to do designs on you too! I decided to try this place, but you need to make an appointment before you go in because there's only three ladies that do nails (one man, the owner that does hair). When I walked in I had to wait a bit so I picked out the colors I wanted. I realized that they all said CND shellac, a brand I've never seen before. After sitting with Anna and talking to her she had told me that most places use the Gellish brand which is what I'm use to. She explained that the Gellish is not really shellac and is the cheap version of it, but really it's a gel nailpolish that is very hard to remove. Thanks for that useful info! They also do shellac toes too; most places don't allow or won't do it for you, but here whatever you want they will do for you. What I love most about this place is how they first put acetone with cotton balls and foil your nails to remove the polish, most places use the buffing tool which thins your nails and causes them to be frail and damaging. I'm so EXCITED to FINALLY have a frequent nail salon I can go to that's in the same town I live in. YAY for that!!!!One thing to keep in mind: Beauty Fusion is closed on SUNDAYS :( But on a lighter note they're open until 8pm during the week:) They are located right by the Sunnyvale downtown area, but past the Sunnyvale Ave light you'll see it on your left side.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,8/20/2012,711,1302,3,7,7>Dropping in here on our run we stopped in to pick up some sweetness before heading back out on the road.The service was fantastic, with the motherly woman behind the counter upbeat and incredibly sweet. She whipped up a cookie dough scoop in a waffle cone for me quite fast and wasn't fazed a bit by the huge line starting behind us.Sadly they only take cash, but for a small cone shop, I didn't expect any different.Mmm, Ice cream...
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,8/19/2012,185,143,4,14,4>If you go to Santa Cruz Wharf and don't stop by Stagaro Bros what's the point? Skip the sit down restaurant  and go to the Outdoor food counter. You can pick from the fresh seafood bar. My favorite are the fried seafood with their super yummy and always crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside fries. I usually get the calamari or prawn with fries, they also have other combos just as delicious. Also opt for some oyster shooters as appetizers before you attack your fries. Stagnaro is the best seafood spot on the wharf, they are also vegetarian sensitive, the fries are fried separate from the other friables. Meals run from 4-12$ you can also get your tourist clam chowder and bread bowl. But I say go for the oyster shooter and save room for the calamari and shrimp combo.  Hubby and I carry our order and find a spot on the pier looking out into the ocean, if it's Super windy we dine in the car. What about restrooms you might ask? They have a pretty decent restroom with a view upstairs inside.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/31/2014,185,386,6,13,9>I agree with Bee V's review.  Claw Shack *does* deserve five stars.We've been here twice.  Came here on a Thursday night and came back the next night on Friday.   I guess if you're that impressed to come back the next day, the place should get 5 stars.We were glad to find no wait.  Pretty crowded but enough space for us on both nights.Here's what we ordered::WHOLE CRAB - My order.  Really enjoyed it.  A lot of work to get everything cracked open, but I guess it's part of the fun.CLAM CHOWDER - Seriously good.  I grew up in Boston.  This is the best I've had in California. Just sayin'. I will come back just for this chowder.GUMBO - My wife's order.  Not much to look at, they serve  it without a garnish, so it's this off-putting grayish brown color.  But the taste is a different story. Served over rice. Loved this and so did my wife. This dish will also bring me back,Several at our table ordered some of the seafood combos which are served in clear plastic bags.  The corn on the cob, everything is all in the bag.  You get to pick out your sauce and level of spiciness.I found the sauces tantalizing.  They have the flavors balanced right.I was drinking mine like a soup toward the end. Just sayin' (for the second time).One other note, I like their shrimp too.  It's not the farm-raised, rubbery, tasteless kind that so many restaurants are serving lately.  A cooked shrimp should be white, meaty and sweet.  I think I'm done with my lecture on Shrimpology.If you like seafood and that whole cajun thing, you'll feel right at home here.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,7/30/2014,405,477,26,19,20>First there was Romeo and Juliet, then Gatsby and Daisy, and now and Tom and Treatbot. People who don't believe in love or think that it's overrated have never tasted a scoop of 408. They don't understand the affect that caramel ice cream with oreos and fudge can have over you. They will never appreciate the way a bite of Eastside Horchata moves you. I have fallen deeply in love with Treatbot, and I have abandoned all other worldly desires to spend the summer infatuated with my one true love. Fitzgerald wrote, "the loneliest moment in someone's life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all they can do is stare blankly." But he never felt the pain of staring into the empty bottom of a treatbot cup, knowing that your love is no more...
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,7/29/2014,853,359,17,18,17>Delicious deli, and lots of healthy treats! I'm not a fatty EVERY day...My friends and I like to go wine tasting up in the Santa Cruz mountains, and what's a wine tasting without a good picnic? We always stock up on picnic food here before we head to our favorite spots. First you order a sandwich. You really can't go wrong with the deli. Everything is fresh and delicious. Then while they make your sando you pick up all the other ingredients for a good time. Bread, cheese, cookies, chips...wait maybe I am a fatty every day.... But they do have healthy options too. And lots of gluten free stuff if that's how you roll. Get up to the Santa Cruz mountains, get your wine on, and make sure to prep yourself at New Leaf!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,7/28/2014,339,173,14,23,17>Pebbles Deli Cafe has found a spot on my rotation of places to regularly eat lunch at. It all started when one my coworkers mentioned this place, and after glancing at their menu I asked her to pick me up a Bulgogi Cheesesteak Sandwich (s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com).  Ooohhhh that delicious and savory Bulgogi Cheesesteak Sandwich (s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com). It was love at first bite, as each bite brought pure joy and a rush of savory sweetness.Is it the sweet roll? Perhaps the melted provolone cheese? Sautéed onions? Or the marinated meat? The combination of these ingredients create a simple yet masterful creation.As I've been here more than a handful of times, I've been meaning to try something different on their menu but I keep going back to my old trusty, that delicious Bulgogi Sandwich.  My only complaint is the prices.  While I'm not saying it's not worth it, it's just a tad higher for lunch then what I normally would like to spend.  The staff is always very friendly and the quality of their sandwich keeps me coming back for more. :)Summary (4.25): Order yourself a Bulgogi Cheesesteak Sandwich and enjoy their enticing patio with the relaxing sounds of the waterfall fountain in the background.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,7/27/2014,454,568,5,10,5>Very friendly staff here.They have a couple mods available.  Not a huge selection, but good enough.They also have a nice variety of juice to choose from.  They have a daily special board, so you'll get a discount on some juices.  Ryan usually fixes and builds the mods here.  He is very nice & knowledgeable.  Ask him a question, I'm sure he'll have an answer to it.The owner is always at the front as well, which is nice.  He is very friendly and treats everyone nicely.  I would say that the service here is great and they don't judge here.  This is nice compared to other places where they might have a "i'm too cool" attitude.I got a K-fun here and it was the last one.  Sometimes shipment is off, but they'll accommodate you.It's also a nice place to relax.  Their long bar is handmade! The nails on the bar are original to the wood.  Pretty crafty!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,7/26/2014,272,282,8,13,11>Of ALLLLLL the places in SPSM, for my first dining experience, I chose On A Roll.My boyfriend and I shared the spring rolls and the chicken Pad Thai.  The lady (probably the owner) took our order and was very helpful and polite.  Our food came out rather quickly and was soooooooo delicious. The helping of Pad Thai was so big, the 2 of us couldn't even finish it.  We got to take it home and shared it again for lunch the next day.  I would DEFINITELY recommend the chicken Pad Thai from this place... it comes with lots of chicken and also tofu.  (love the combination)I really enjoyed sitting at the counter at On A Roll to eat our meal.  I feel like our plate was a huge advertisement too... people walking by were drooling, haha, just like we were when we walked up and saw a lady eating the same dish.Definitely check this place out.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,7/25/2014,121,60,9,18,15>This review is for the Happy Hour only but it was amazing. Drinks were great and so was the food. The Guacamole and Calamari were fresh and huge portions. My friend and I both had caipirinhas which were some of the best I have ever had. The bartender made us Brazilian Mojitos as well to try which were super refreshing and amazing. He also brought us some of their chicken and grilled pineapple to try. The pineapple was definitely the highlight. Also, you get fried yuca and plantains along with Brazilian cheese bread which they will keep bringing. For $25 we were so stuffed! The service was attentive without being annoying. I would highly recommend happy hour Monday-Thursday as those are their least busy times.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,7/24/2014,74,28,21,24,21>Heaven.....I'm in Heaven here at LK Grill!It's just got this fresh, clean & coolness type of vibe. Best yet, the food has unique presentation & new flavors that well awaken your mouths' taste buds. They serve breakfast all day, have ice cold smoothies & it's my favorite local hang out among my friends whenever we just wanna chat & catch up on life. Great alternative to Starbucks & food quality comparable to Bill's Café.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,7/23/2014,309,180,18,29,26>I love Matcha Love! My friend and I wanted to try this place after hearing all the hype about it for weeks.  We decided it was a hot enough day to drive to Mitsuwa and check this place out.Matcha Love serves soft serve ice cream, hot and cold teas, lattes, and shakes.  We came a half hour before it closed so the line was not bad. They serve three soft serve flavors: matcha (green tea), kuro goma (black sesame), and hoji-cha (roasted green tea).  While they list those as their specialties, if you order the Triple Ice, it comes with vanilla, not hoji-cha.  We shared a Triple Ice.  It is matcha, black sesame, and vanilla soft serve in a waffle cone for $5.17. We both agreed that the sesame was strong but it went well with the vanilla soft serve.  The matcha was not as strong as the sesame but it had a good green tea flavor.  The waffle cone was alright, but you could tell that they do not make them fresh on site.Overall, I think the Triple Ice is a good way to sample two of their signature flavors, but it seems like a smaller size portion compared with an order of a single flavor.  This place is cash only, so remember to bring some!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,7/22/2014,234,666,5,10,7>Traditionally modern . . . Great and accurate slogan!My sister suggested we come here because she knows the owners. Nice place for lunch located in a new plaza. I would describe this place exactly like what it says on the window. It is traditional Vietnamese food, yet they added a very modern twist to it by allowing the customer to pick out what they wanted on their meal (Chipotle style). Pick your meat, your carbs, your toppings, and your sauce. Easy as that. After you order, they bring your meal out to you. You have a minimum of four choices per category so there are a great number of combinations. Love it that they have brown rice for the health conscious and that the sauces can be mixed together for a different taste!The food tastes and looks authentic. I ordered the BBQ pork with rice noodles. The port was a little overcooked though, but no biggie. I was very surprised considering the concept, but I'm glad they were able to keep the integrity of the food and yet still be new and fresh. My only suggestion for them is to possible change the sauces. The sauces are bland in my opinion. I had to add a lot of chili sauce to get it the way I like it.  Prices are good. About the same as what you would get at another Viet restaurant. Another plus is that they are very into protecting the environment so bowls and utensils are made out of recyclable or compostable materials.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2007,12/3/2007,474,189,17,10,16>SCREW TICKETMASTER.Or should I say "TRICKMASTER". I bought my ticket at the box office minus the $10 "Convenience Fee", which--hello--isn't convenient at all.I saw Etta James at the Mountain Winery. Three-time Grammy winner, American blues, soul, R&B, jazz singer and songwriter Etta James. She sings a classic love song that goes... "At laaaaassstmy love has come alongmy lonely days overand life is like a song""Ooh At laaaastthe skies above are bluewell my heart was wrapped up in cloverthe night I looked at you"Sound familiar?  You were conceived whilst that song was playing. This woman--pushing 70 yrs old with five decades as a recording artist--put on a solid performance at the Mountain Winery in Saratoga, CA. Thanks to the Yelp cartel for pointing me in the direction of the concert schedule. Driving an hour to get there, I reflected upon what a diverse bay area we live in. I mean, you can go to a concert in SF or Oakland or Saratoga and get a very different FEEL for the audience at each venue. In other words, there SURE are a lot of white people in Saratoga. That's as far as that reflection went. I'm not very deep.Ascending to the Mountain Winery you get a 5 star view of the Silicon Valley. However, if you remember that SF has SKYSCRAPERS, BRIDGES and the OCEAN then it's really only a 2.5 star view.  Reading other reviews, I was prepared with $10 for parking, which was only 5 minutes away from the entrance. Contrast that with parking at Mountain View Shoreline where even with paid parking I'm trekking from the boondocks. This outdoor venue, which was smaller than I imagined, has an intimate feel to it.  Even though I had bleacher seats, I still thought it was a very good view. I'd suggest bringing a cushion to park your booty, and a warm jacket for late evening. Security seemed anal about bringing in digital cameras and using your cell phone during the concert. There were thousands of people at this concert, but when I took a quick glance at a text on my phone, security was right on me like white on rice. They must've had a spy on me the whole time watching my every move. None of that distracted from the legend on stage though.I tell Ashley who is  **cough**  years younger than me that singers like ETTA are classic. I say "Ashley, singers like ETTA are classic. Real super stars don't come around very often. Her string of hits and longevity through decades sets her apart from the one hit wonders of today. MTV has disillusioned a generation into thinking that gangsta rap and hoochie mamas lip synching to pre-recorded music is where it's at, with the consequence that you wouldn't know classic if she looked right at you. You might be too young to grasp what I'm saying. Your X-Box generation can't appreciate a Grammy-winning legend if you saw it."Ashley:  "I saw Stevie Wonder last week. Floor seats, 7th row. 22 Grammy Awards."Oh. Snap!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,12/2/2007,619,439,34,19,24>Women have Wet Seal and Forever 21 to provide clothes that make them look like they're right out of high school. You know the women I'm talking about... they've been out of high school longer than the age they're trying to look like and their breast implants are older than the clerks. Guys don't really have much in the fashion world to look young(er). We just sorta start dressing like our dads. Next thing you know, we're lounging around the house in our boxers and undershirts. (wife beaters for you young'uns) Mark Ecko has made some cool clothes that span his different clothing lines to correspond to the generational lines. Avirex is for the up-to-early-20s crowd. G-Unit is also for the up-to-early-20s crowd. Ecko Unlimited is for the up-to-late-20s crowd.Cut and Sew is for the 30s+ crowd. You can find Ecko Unlimited and Cut and Sew here. I purchased some Ecko Unlimited and Cut and Sew. Of course what I have is more of the conservative designs. But I still get to look cool and hip! (Of course it doesn't hurt that I still get carded buying cigarettes)So in my fight against male pattern baldness and male pattern boxers w/ wife beaters, I got me some cool clothes at outlet prices. FYI - Macy's is 30% more. I got two hoodies for $40 and two short sleeve button down shirts for $20. What a bargain! And after you're done getting your hip new clothes, you can go to Dave & Busters and beat all the 12 year olds at Space Invaders or whatever the cool games are now. Just a word of advice: Be careful where you wear these youthful looking clothes. It's pretty EMBARRASSING if you run in to someone 1/3 your age with the same freaken shirt or jacket!!!I'm just sayin....like if you happen to work at or near a middle school and you pass a kid with the same jacket and you're wearing yours, it'll be just a little awkward. ESPECIALLY if the little bastids are almost taller than you. Not that I know from first hand experience or anything.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2007,12/1/2007,19,350,4,13,7>Update:After having two session of laser treatments I can really see a difference in my eyes. She did the tightening above my brow and it seems higher now. Plus my under eye puffiness is really reduced. Shit, all those creams I've bought more than add up to the package price. I think they worked out the new opening issues, or maybe I originally got them on a bad day. Anyway, I was in and out in a flash last Friday!**************************************************­****I just wanted to try Botox but I ended up getting an eye package with several different treatments. Thanks to my Scottish and Irish heritage I'm blessed with red, flushed skin.  Add in 1 1/2 years of trying tanning beds and Mystic Tan and you have a recipe for aging. (yes I stopped tanning!)Cristina suggested many different options, but I didn't feel obligated to buy any of them. I didn't mention that I had my Esthetician license to see if everything she said about skin and treatments was on the up and up. It was. She's really funny and upbeat too. The facility is nice and brand new.  Parking is easy and when I was early for my appt I headed over to Cost Plus to browse around.They have everything from facials to Botox, Restalyne, Refirme and laser hair removal. Their prices are good also. They are not expensive but right above the lowest price I found....and would you want the super cheap medispa injecting botulism into your face?
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2007,11/30/2007,146,45,13,8,10>So, I used to bartend and this was the place to go at around 4:00 in the morning when starving (and a little buzzed) after a busy nightI always thought the food was scrumptious ;-)!!! and the greasy spoon food definitely helped my potential hangovers.....I never thought to go there during the day because it just didn't seem right to me...then one Sunday morning, I decided to check it out with my husband.It was just ok, with the sun beaming through the windows you can see how dirty the floors are (kind of gross)..The service is slow and for some reason the food is not very appetizing when you're sober.I guess I will just save this spot for late drunken nights.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2007,11/29/2007,796,810,20,24,9>Yelpers LISTEN UP.  This review can save you thousands of dollars  if you need water conditioning for your home.  Rick Randasso runs his own business.  He is very knowledgeable and has the best equipment.  He has a contractor's license from the State of California. Firms like Culligan and others have a "Sales Rep" and the markup on their units is in the unbelievable range. For San Jose, where I live, they came out and quoted me $2500 for a basic water conditioner.  Randazzo's has the same core basic unit and I got it all plus a year's warranty for $950. LIfetime guarantee. Yep, that is all I paid.  He is great as we had a water outage once, and he came and reset the conditioner at no charge.  I have had the unit now for 18 months with absolutely no problems. Certain parts of San Jose (and especially where I live) have very hard water.  Not good for your skin and cothes. Once we got the Randazzo conditioner, life was good. My wife and three girlfriends all commented on how their hair was much more manageable and shiny, and how the soapy soap lathered up much better on their skin and felt like velvety suds.   Yup, the water conditioner will do that for you. Highest recommendation for Randazzo's for price and service, there is no peer.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2007,11/28/2007,537,770,6,7,7>I kept seeing this on the new Yelp feature of most bookmarked. Weeks and weeks go by and I am just like yes... I NEED TO GO HERE. I have been Yelp brainwashed by the masses. So I send out some emails and call the crew together last night for dinner. And not only that, from looking at the other people's pictures on Yelp, I save my stomach for the feast that is dinner. I am ready for the deliciousness to come. We get there and it's a cute restaurant, definitely a mom and pops joint they have pictures on the wall of all their customers. While we were glancing we found a friend's picture and cracked up.I think we might have made a mistake of ordering too much. We got the 60 piece combo for 7 people... honestly that's just too much chicken. I was thinking maybe next time we could have a sampler plate of various items. The salad and water/tea is all self serve and buffet style. Finally the chicken was amazing. I liked the original and honey best, but that's just because I am not a spicy fan in general. The first plate was so piping hot and juicy delicious. There was never a rush to leave as our group sat there and gabbed away. Best thing was it's open till midnight. I love late night eats. The owners were so sweet too they were worried about us being seated comfortably and did a lot to make sure that we were well attended to.Thanks fellow yelpers.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2007,11/27/2007,200,605,12,8,5>My friend took me here for a pre wedding massage. I was expecting something else all together. When I walked in I thought the bank teller stalls were pleasant and kind of reminded me that I eventually needed to go deposit my check. Before I started to digress, my friend reminded me that I was there for a massage. I'm not sure what the prices were, my friend is a member and so she paid for my massage using her membership discount. I was rocking out to Celine Dion before they called my number. I got bored with the show and loitered by the check out desk. They called my number and my massage person came out and led me to the stalls in the back. First thing I thought was, hey this looks like those Thai brothels that you see on TV. It was very quiet back there. I was asked to undress, oo la la..nothing exciting...really..nothing. Anyways, I got myself underneath the blanket.My massage person proceeded to give me one of the hardest massages I have ever had. I ordered the Medium massage with a focus on back and neck. It hurt but then it felt good. So I couldn't decide if I was in pain or if I was relaxed. A few hours later, I felt good and extremely energetic.The funniest part about the whole experience is the towel down at the end of the massage. The masseuse will get warm towels and wipe down the areas where she massaged. She wiped down my neck and shoulders and then she started squeegeeing the insides of my ears. That was kind of funny.My massage ended and I was escorted back to the front.This place seems like it hires a lot of imports. These women work 6 days week for 8 hours each day. Doesn't really sound all to legal. I'm guessing thats how they make the cost so cheap. Cheap Chinese labor.I think its worth a try and even a second visit.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2007,11/26/2007,148,125,13,8,10>They have the Himalayan pink crystal salt that makes my taste buds dance with joy. Seriously, the magical stuff turn simple cooking into masterpiece. It is also good for the body due to the abundance of natural minerals. Caution: do not try product unless you are ready to increase your household expenditure of salt by 2000%.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/2/2007,11/25/2007,342,459,6,5,5>Good service, good food.  Standard good quality chain food with lots of burger selections.  Gotta love the endless steak fries.  I've also had their Caesar chicken salad wrap and soups, which were both good.  Balloons for the kids.We went there at 7pm on a Friday night with a party of 9 and I thought the wait would be absurd, but we got seated within15 minutes, after being told it might be twenty.  Take that, Cheesecake Factory.However, I never thought there could be a more fucked up parking lot than Union Landing.  I don't know what these parking lot designers are thinking...
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2007,11/24/2007,0,0,7,6,7>I am relatively new to this whole ramenpalooza.  I've been to 5 different places.  Here is how I would rank this place:1) Kahoo Ramen2) Maruichi3) Ramen Rama4) Ramen Halu5) Ramen House RyowaWOWSAS -- I made this my #1 place!!!!  I've only been to each place ONCE and they weren't the same "Miso Broth" or "Salt" or whatever you guys call these soups but tonight when I came in and had the "Spicy Vegetable Ramen" (Thanks Toro!) and I can tell you I loved every morsel of it!  No more salt needed - no more chilis needed -- it's was PERFECT!I felt like Goldilocks!  I FOUND MY COMFY RAMEN!!!!!  Yipppppeeee!It loses one star for no free kimchee and no dinner napkin.  There are Kleenex boxes (WTF?), which was a nice added touch, but I don't want to wipe soup broth from my mouth with a Kleenex!!!!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,2/15/2012,2068,6,35,33,25>I admit it; they make better ramen noodles than what I can do with my Mama mi goi at home. The Orenchi Ramen signature dish has a thin slice of pork, a perfectly soft boiled egg, seaweed, bamboo, and thick dente egg ramen noodles with a very tasty rich creamy pork broth.  I am used to eating spicy and sour ramen so this was a very nice surprise for me. The thinner ramen noodle in the other soups look better to me. On a cold rainy day, this small hearty bowl of soup would  be perfect.  The karaage (fried chicken) was not as wonderful as what I imagined it be to so I packed it home. Perhaps I should have ordered the deep fried octopus tentacles. Unfortunately, the wait and the fact that I got passed up on the waiting list multiple times by three different waiters was offensive to me. A party of one means you have to sit at the bar. I got here shortly after 11:35am to beat the lunch crowd but I still had to wait over 45 minutes. When I finally raised my hands to  get attention a second time, they apologized and scrambled to accommodate me.    The head waitress saw the distress look in my misty eyes when I gave her the most pathetic puppy dog look underneath my curled eyelashes. I told her that "nobody called my name yet, I am still waiting here..."  They finally sat me at the black large communal table in the back.  There were four groups of people who all sat in silence staring at their phone. Everyone was quietly waiting for their soup. I poured a spoonful of hot red spices in my bowl and ate as fast as I could to get away from such an awkward situation. It wasn't fast enough since I saw one of the servers run into another waiter and made him spill water all over the floor. He needs to be more careful since the hot broth can scathe or burn a diner.  After going out of my way for 45 minutes, pacing back and forth for another 45 minutes in the wind and in the crowded waiting area to pay $9.00 for a small bowl of Ramen, I don't know if I would do it again. It only costs me $7.75 for a full box of Mama Noodles from Lion SuperMarket. It was a good thing that I didn't order an extra egg or extra pork or else my bowl would have easily added up to $13.00. That is a lot for Ramen! I can hear my mom yelling at me for paying too much for something that was so not good for you. She would tell me to stick to beef Pho where you get half a bowl of meat at Pho Y. On the other hand, when do I ever listen to my mom?
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,2/14/2012,214,246,16,16,16>UPDATE: The egg rolls are still laced with crack.  These babies are even more magical fresh out of the fryer.  It was a busy Saturday, I decided to stop by on a whim. The kitchen was turning out tray after tray of egg rolls.  I scored three fresh egg rolls and an order of fried shrimp balls. What appeared to be the dim sum line was too crowded.  I was too hungry to wait.On my way out I noticed the smoothie counter.  I ordered a strawberry smoothie with bubbles.  The person that made my drink was very generous with the tapioca I spent the morning chewing away.The shrimp balls were ok.  Nothing special, I'd probably forgo these and get more egg rolls. To share...maybe.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2011,2/12/2012,198,505,9,14,9>I've heard great things about their popular burnt almond cake. Honestly, the name never really appealed to me, so that's probably why I never went out of my way to even try a slice of this. However, on my birthday, my brother got me a whole cake and I ended up really liking it! Usually I'm not a fan of frosting and at first glance, this whole cake was about 50% frosting. But I am a sucker for that light airy fluffy frosting and lo and behold, that's exactly what that was! The cake batter came in vanilla or chocolate and my brother chose vanilla. I usually don't like vanilla either, but this was pretty good! Light and airy... it actually beats our typical go-to Chinese cake. The price was also better than those Chinese cakes too.For everyone who's heard about this cake and are on the fence about it, all I can say is... TRY IT!!! It's worth it!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,2/11/2012,849,1374,7,9,7>I expected that the babies would end up on my lap for their first haircuts but I had a little bit of hope (or self-delusion) that they might be happy to sit in a race car or on a carousel horse for the big event. Or at least long enough to take a few pictures.  I also wanted a place that would be patient and gentle with my potentially crying and thrashing munchkins.Enter Just Kids. My 15  1/2 month-olds were super shaggy. They were long overdue for haircuts but I had waited for my parents to be in town and then my kids got sick! My parents left and came back two weeks later and they got sick again! So on the last day of that visit, when the babies were finally over their sickness, we headed out to get my ragamuffins looking spiffy again.My husband was late meeting us and then I insisted that he take some before photos. Thankfully no one else was there and the stylist (and maybe proprietor?) was very patient with us. (Us go overboard on the pictures? That's unpossible!)First was Julia. She endured the tugboat for about 20 seconds before being moved to Mommy's lap. She definitely wasn't thrilled, but once she was given a new toy to play with she was happy-- or at least tolerant of whatever this was going on. Her bangs were cut so she could see again and her hair was trimmed in the back, sort of like a bob.Next was James. We expected a struggle and we were right. He loved sitting in the tractor but as soon as the stylist touched his hair he was bawling. He continued bawling in Mommy's lap, and of course his cut took much longer because it needed to be shortened all over. James was seriously thrashing  - it was like cutting the hair (or fur) of the Tasmanian Devil - but the stylist was understanding and made it through. James no longer looked scruffy but was a cute little boy. Looking at the pictures he was also a pretty defeated looking little boy. Poor little guy.Each cut was $20 and included a certificate for the occasion and a mini Ziploc baggie of their hair. The stylist earned her $20 with James' thrashing but Julia's was so quick it made me think there should be a different rate for girls. Generally I thought each cut was good, though later I noticed that Julia's bangs were slightly uneven, and James' hair had some longer pieces in the back.After we left, when I was putting Julia into her car seat, I noticed she had tried to make off with one of the salon's toys which I then made my dad return. Julia: portrait of a year-old klepto.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,2/10/2012,500,289,13,10,13>Number One.  In your hood.From Morgan Hill to South San Fran, keep it fresh by tuning your airwaves in to 90.5FM KSJS.   Or stream online.  There is really absolutely no excuse not to.I've been listening to college stations since the early 90s yet find myself still in love with 90.5 nearly two decades later.  Yeesh, I just gave my age away!  OH WELL.  I'm deeply rooted to this station so much so that my little ones know who's on air when we listen in.  Now, that's what's up.  KSJS supports and showcases local artists and talent from all walks of life allowing the general public the benefit of being part of such art and insight into what's going on and who's doing what in their community.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,2/9/2012,439,671,8,14,13>the world according to noelle~2012~Fleur  de Cocoa is my favorite breakfast, lunch or snack place to stop at with family and friends. My best friend and I came here recently and we had a light snack- one apple pastry, one chocolate croissant and two of their wonderful hot chocolates. It was a beautiful and sunny day. The shop was filled with happy customers and delightful French music playing the the background. Everything here is heavenly tasting!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,2/8/2012,1070,862,14,19,19>Fresh, free range chicken! Score! I bookmarked this spot after reading Walter P.'s detailed review. I met my girls here for dinner- Carole G., Cindi N. (who might as well the ambassador for this spot), and Cindi's daughter Vi. I really enjoyed my lemongrass chicken plate. Cindi N. let me try some of her chicken rice. I was amazed at how the chicken came deboned. They put a lot of thought into the food here. I can dig it!  The garlic sauce that accompanied the chicken was so savory, and delicious. All of our dishes were plated nicely, delicately seasoned, and very fresh. I really wish Com Ga Nam An was open a little later. I can't wait to try some of the other dishes!The food and service are excellent here. We lost track of the time, and chatted until well after closing time. Ooops! Thank you Com Ga Nam An, for stellar service. I will definitely return!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,2/7/2012,207,317,7,8,8>When we first moved to Sunnyvale 4 years ago, this is one of the first places we ever went for brunch. Yes, it's a small chain, but honestly, I do enjoy coming here. With my in-laws and grandma-in-law in town this weekend, I thought it would be the perfect place where everyone could find something. When we arrived after noon, there was no wait at all, which definitely worked for me.I ordered the chorizo scramble and loved how spicy the chorizo was. I also ordered regular coffee, which they had no problem switching to decaf mid-way through the meal. And the cranberry almond coffee cake. Mmmmmm! Be prepared to make a mess when trying to eat this giant slice on a tiny plate!My only mistake was ordering a side of bacon. I was expecting crunchy fall-apart-in-your-mouth pork bacon, and I'm not positive, but I think they gave me turkey bacon? Totally not the same, so it didn't satisfy my bacon craving.Overall, the service was good, my coffee cup was never empty, everyone from out of town raved about their meals, and everyone left happy and full. And the total bill was extremely reasonable for 5 people.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,2/6/2012,783,653,8,7,8>We came here early enough to get on the list and be on stage 3 TIMES!!!!This place is for the singers. you know..those naturally gifted with a talent to sing...and sing wonderfully... AND the vocally challenged, but shameless (ME).It's who the F cares....if you get yourself out there and sing on stage and look like a sexy hot mess.... People will clap and not just plainly clap..but Cheeer!!! and all of a sudden..you feel like Lady Gaga or a simple person unleashing the diva within...This place is a great outlet for those who want to sing for fun, sing for bitterness (break-up), and just sing to show your talent off, and sing just because you want to!The crowd here is amazing...and the bartenders too.....the crowd will totally sing with you...and come up to the stage with you...give you high fives..and if you're lucky...even buy you a drink....there's a mini space for those who want to bust a move...(the drunktards)..ahem..like myself and my girls....if you're just a little shy....uhmmm.. you're in for a treat. But i swear..with a few shots...you'll see yourself hogging the mic and never letting it go.Super duper Fun place!!!!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2011,2/5/2012,154,237,7,8,10>Castro St. was long overdue for a yogurt shop and I think this self-serve shop is a nice addition. It's a good option for dessert after dinner w/its' late hours and for an afternoon treat if you've been shopping nearby. Staff members were very friendly, welcoming and didn't mind you trying as many flavors as you wanted. The atmosphere is fun, clean and a nice place to bring your family-definitely kid friendly. They were stocked w/games if you wished to play them. There were some unique and yummy flavors I hadn't seen elsewhere: -Oatmeal Cookie -Churro -Banana I also liked: -Pistachio -Red Velvet Cake -Fruit Sorbets (Good for those who are lactose intolerant). I did find some of the flavors to be too runny, so that needs to be corrected as it's not good to sit down to a milkshake! Like other reviewers, I didn't care for the tart flavor as others have mentioned the sour, unpleasant aftertaste. I found some of the toppings very good and some uninspiring. I'm sure they'll expand upon them as requests come in, so let them know!! Prices are on the expensive side (~$0.43/oz.), so that may need to be reassessed & adjusted to be more competitive w/nearby yogurt establishments. They offer a stamp card where you get a stamp for each yogurt purchased and when filled, you get a free yogurt. Overall, I enjoy the space and I like that it's an independently owned business with an owner who is concerned & willing to hear your thoughts, concerns, complaints, etc.,  as there was clearly contact info to reach him on the napkin dispenser.  As with any fro-yo shop, everyone has their personal preferences as far as taste, texture and flavors, thus a particular shop just may not be for you.  Overall, I think Yoogl is a nice addition to Castro St. and I'll return when I'm in the area.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,7/31/2013,59,64,1,9,6>You've probably never had sodas like this before, but you should! POPS & Sons Soda Co. just opened in San Pedro Market Square (right next to B2 coffee). They're a soda shop, but you won't find any typical sodas here. POPS makes small batch sodas (and by small batch, they mean they make each soda individually, just for you) with fresh ingredients and very interesting (and good!) flavor combinations. And all for $3 a "pop"! I ordered a Lavender Lemongrass soda and my husband got a Saffron Cola. Each ingredient they use is fresh and you can really taste it in the soda (so if you don't like saffron or cardamom, for example, order another flavor - cause you'll taste it!)The staff is super friendly and did a good job of explaining what was in each soda. I'm definitely going to come back here and try some of the other sodas on the menu (I'm particularly intrigued by one called "the dragon").
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,7/30/2013,84,98,11,14,12>Beautiful Charlisa was our server for a dinner back in early February.  She was very gracious and vibrant! I know this was from my experience months ago, but I feel I should share my dining experience for this place since there aren't many reviews on dining in for The Grill.  My reservation was made through Open Table.  Doesn't seem like many people do dinner.  I guess the bar's HH is very popular.  The dinner menu is on the pricier side...close to being overpriced anyways.  We stuck with the reservation because we wanted something more quiet and plus, we wanted to have the filet. I ordered my petite filet mignon ($39) medium rare, but it came out a bit more medium than rare. I didn't send it back because it was still very tender and juicy. For the sides, I had creamed spinach and we ordered a side of garlic spinach mashed potatoes ($12). That extra side of smooth, delicious mashed potatoes can easily serve 3 people!  The bordelaise sauce served with the filet was phenomenal!  The boef onions, that came on top of the filet, are unnecessary.  I regretted ordering creamed spinach as my steak side. The creamed spinach was good at first, but the richness eventually got to me.  I ended up not touching the spinach after a few bites.  I'd probably be better off getting broccoli as the side. The broccoli comes uncut with stalk and all.  Oh, you know, the broccoli is for when you need to knock the dinner guest from another table on the head for being so snobby and annoying. Wine and beverages were served appropriately.  Charlisa was cute enough to suggest making me a virgin Shirley Temple when they did not have cherry coke.  She really read my mind, because that was what I was going to ask for next. I like wine with steak, but I always need a bubbly beverage with dinner.For dessert, we had "The Grill" fudge brownie pie (~$8). We got it on the house because I unintentionally mentioned during our short conversation that it was my birthday the day before.  The brownie pie was great!  You can't really go wrong with brownie a la mode and caramel+chocolate sauce.  Surprisingly, our favorite part of this dessert was the crunchy pecan pieces.  I was close to asking them for more of those candied to perfection pecans. The only problem I had was the timing of the entree.  We waited awhile for our food to come out.  I found it odd to get our food after going through half a bottle of wine and two Shirley Temple refills when there were just our table and another table with a party of 3 in the whole dining area.  Thank goodness they had great service that night to make up for the wait.  I'd come back to try their happy hour.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,7/29/2013,527,200,8,12,10>WTF! It's a Sausage fest up in herrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! Haha so if you like gourmet sausage get ur booty up in here please! This place is awesome because it is laid back and not to pricey of a place to get food and some pretty good beer on tap! There are a good variety of beers on tap her to beer taste. Most of the sausages here i enjoyed and whatever sausage you get PLEASE ohhh pretty pleaseee make sure one of the topping is the CANDIED JALAPENOS..... so FERGALICIOUS and delicious! If you go to the back you can sit outside and it's like a beer gardens hangout. Very cool place for downtown san jose to have! If ur a beer fan or sausage fan then u MIGHT be a fan of this place!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,7/28/2013,392,181,4,6,7>This place is the forte of all things good. A bowl of soup noodles is warm, comforting, enlightening - the list can go on. The particular bowl of soup I am referring to is the house special hot and sour noodle soup. It's the same one I get at the Newark location. To be honest, I wouldn't doubt their entire menu looks great - everything from appetizers to the main courses. For appetizers, my favorites are: Sliced beef with hot oil sauce, Beef tendon with hot oil sauce, Pork Tripe with Hot Oil Sauce. Truly a delicious start to any meal. And it's no wimpy appetizer either; the portions is big.For the meal, do try the house special sour and spicy pork soup with noodles. Nothing like a hot piping bowl of noodles to soothe your soul (sorry to be a cliche). It's amazing and one of my favorites ever. This restaurant is relatively new, seated in a strip mall to 99 Ranch and amongst many other restaurant varieties. Ambiance is nice, a very neutral restaurant with good lighting and nice tables and chairs. The waiters are attentive, speak little English and are quick and fast paced. Ordering is easy! Everything is distinctly numbered, and the pictures are large on the menu and on the walls.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,7/27/2013,468,92,7,9,7>YUM!I love Krung Thai! The flavors explode in my mouth and thinking about it makes my mouth water!! I usually get  two things when I go to Krung Thai. The massuman curry with beef, you need to try it if you haven't! The beef melts in your mouth and the curry has a hint of spice to it. Also, I'm a fan of pad thai! I do think it's a little pricier than other Thai restaurants and the portions are smaller. Worth it though if you're craving for Thai food!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,7/26/2013,114,158,5,12,11>I love One Pot Shabu Shabu!  This is my favorite place for a shabu shabu meal.  It's my go to place right now for a yummy soupy meal.  The broths, sauces, and meats are super delicious.  I usually get the sumo size Kobe in the sukiyaki broth, which comes with a small bowl of rice and plate of veggies (cabbage, bok choy, mushrooms, pumpkin, carrot slices), clear noodles, fish cakes, and tofu cubes.  It also comes with ponzu and sesame sauce.  I prefer the ponzu sauce over the sesame sauce; however, a lot of my friends like the sesame over the ponzu.  There's green onions, spicy powder, and spicy oil on the table.  You can also ask for minced garlic.  I love garlic!  I add a lot of garlic to my broth and to the ponzu sauce.  The Kobe is so yummy with the broth and ponzu sauce.  The veggies and noodles that come with the meal are very tasty in the broth as well.  I always leave here feeling very full and satisfied with my meal.  The white peach cocktail is tasty, too; the alcohol taste isn't strong, and the flavor is light, sweet, and peachy.  We have also tried the sausages and chicken pot stickers.  My friends really liked the sausages, but I don't care for them.  None of us liked the pot stickers.  We tried the pork as well; it's really good.  I prefer the Kobe, but the pork is good to share as an extra side of meat.  We tried the kimchi and house special broths, but the sukiyaki is the best out of all of them.  Overall, my recommendation is the Kobe with the sukiyaki broth.The wait can be really long on weekends.  But the nice thing is there is a tea place in the plaza, so we usually write down our name on the wait list then grab a milk tea while we wait.  One Pot is really worth the wait!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,7/25/2013,84,443,4,8,4>Went here on a whim with the wifey after MY usual cravings for sweets after dinner. We were in the area and just plugged in pastries and decided to pick this place. Note we are not Persian nor are we familiar with Persian bakeries or desserts. However, we are always down to try new things and we simply know what tastes good! Unfortunately the YELP INFORMATION was wrong about the store hours. It was Sunday and it was listed to be closed. Thankfully I wasn't lazy and didn't simply reply on one source, so I called and what do you know. They are open. In fact upon this review I have submitted the changes so it should list correctly. Haleh Pastry should give me free cream puffs for a year for that! So when you go towards the entrance, there is actually an outdoor patio with seats so you can enjoy your delectable sweets. The way it is setup when purchasing is fairly simple. You pay by the pound. There are selections for $8.50/lb and another for $10/lb. You may think that is pricey, but the items are light and take a look at the photos I added to show you how much I got for under $5.00Unfortunately I don't know what all the great treats we purchased are called because I'm not Persian, nor were they labeled on the racks. We just picked out what looked good and pointed. Great news was EVERYTHING was good! The employees there were so nice and jolly. In my opinion great tasting desserts/pastries are those that are not overly sweet. A perfect balance if you will. That is how I can describe the pastries we tried here. The cream puffs here are great by the way. They are part of the $10.00/lb selection, but they are light and you can get a good amount for a few bucks. A lot of places I've been too, they skimp on that cream filling. Here when you take the first bite, it just explodes out of the pastry and you wonder, "How did they stuff all that cream in here to begin with!?!" There is also this other selection from the $10.00/lb selection that consist of 2 chewy type pastry that acts as a sandwich with whip cream in the center and a 3rd of it dipped in chocolate. WOW! The "cookie" part if you will had a light but chewy consistency, almost like a macaron (those french ones, not the coconut one). Anyways, I highly suggest you check this place out. A lot of other reviews say this is better than Bijan, which I'm familiar with. I only got cakes at Bijan, not their pastries so I can't compare, but overall everything I've tried and the business overall gives full stars from me. Will definitely come again when I feel like feeling fat.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,7/24/2013,189,96,6,9,5>Oh yard, how I miss you.  Dog beach that was only 15 minutes away....I miss you even more.Cody misses you too.  He sends sloppy kisses.Being new to the area and new to apartment living with a fur baby, I immediately looked for dog-friendly, off-leash areas to exercise my pooch.  Even though I generally end up sprinting with Cody for about 30 minutes, even at off-leash parks/beaches, it feels like I'm expending less effort than on our walks.Breaking down the details:-Parking:  Good.  Moderate sized lot so you're likely to find a spot.  It's dirt+gravel so if you plan on visiting on a wet day, pack some extra towels for Fido to paw paint all over.-Set-up:  Great.  Well designed space.  Poop bag dispensers are conveniently sprinkled along the fence perimeter.   Seating for puppy parents throughout.  A "rolling hills" greenbelt runs through the center and is surrounded by a dirt track.  There are the occasional poop piles but for the most part, the park is clean.  -Amenities:  Porta Potty, benches, covered area with picnic tables and drinking fountains for the humans.   Water bowls under water spouts for the puppies.  Separate big/little dog parks, both nicely sized.-Dogs:  They run the gamut.   The little dogs generally display unbalanced behavior, barking frantically while attacking the fence when any pooch approaches on the other side.  The larger dogs tend to be better behaved but I've witnessed a lot of dominant behaviors that are unknowingly encouraged by pet parents.  However, these issues are to be expected in any doggie play area.  Overall, (and I can only speak for the big dog area) it's a friendly crowd with relatively attentive pet parents.-Good to Know:  Closed Thursdays. Open from sunrise to sunset.Cody gives it four paws up and a bucket of drool.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,7/23/2013,948,916,8,11,7>Believe the hype. Best churro I've ever had in my life!1 for $3 2 for $5Don't be stupid and be the person who buys 1. Lol. I'm so overdue for another SJ Giants game cuz I miss those churros!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,7/22/2013,136,162,5,7,6>My last meal on this earth would be french baguettes from Saigon Bakery and alternate between salted french butter and fine cheeses. Yeah. It's *THAT* good. French baguettes are $1 each. Are you...kidding me? So cheap, yet so delicious. It's almost unbelievable! They'll even slice it for you if you request it. And if I buy too many, I just wrap them in plastic wrap and freeze them. Then, I can enjoy my guilty pleasure any time! There are no words to translate the greatness that exists in the bread here. Don't  take my word for it. Go try it yourself!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2007,7/26/2007,77,292,8,8,6>Since my date canceled tonight's dinner without really informing me, I decided to vent myself with eating good Japanese food.  Well, I haven't tried this place before, so might as well, right?The interior is modern, as is the music.  This is almost like what you would expect a modern-looking Japanese restaurant in Tokyo, except more space.  With a male and a female business partners sitting next to my table, and several Japanese people enjoying their gathering in other table, me eating there by myself made me feel out of place.Anyway, I ordered Roman lettuce salad with crunchy bits and soft-boiled egg for sauce.  I kinda wish that they would put more broth and soy sauce into the egg instead of sprinkling salt directly onto lettuce.  That way the taste would be milder and evenly seasoned.  Oh well, the overall concept was good though.I then got shiba yaki (grilled Japanese Spanish mackerel with chopped pickle with beefsteak leaves).  Looking at that thing, I needed to order a bowl of rice, and I surely was right.  It was very flavorful, with the mix of mildly salty fish and chopped pickle.  I then got Wakatake ni (bamboo shoot boiled with bonito broth).  Now I felt like I was eating some traditional Japanese food.  Adding wakame seaweed definitely add a very slight viscosity and additional taste.  These two dishes more than compensated the salad.Since I still some room within my stomach, I ordered tofu dumpling with soy sauce/sweet sake sauce.  The texture is obviously different from the typical rice dumpling.  It's slightly more airy and softer.  A new experience.The total came $49 including tips (I gave $1 extra to that cute Japanese waitress though ;) ).  I know, it's pretty expensive, but for me well worth it.  Also, given the dishes on the menu, you need to come with somebody else, and sip some sake as well.Oh, one more thing.  Eat your heart out, *****!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,7/25/2007,8,25,4,7,14>I'm a simple gal and not really into frills and luxury.  That was until I met Ritz HMB.  We started our 2 day get away with their Sunday brunch.  Sure it's expensive but let me tell you it is worth every damn penny and then some.  The selection was amazing.  Besides your standard brunch items of eggs, sausages and such, they had these beautiful small tasting dishes such as lobster salad and veal over polenta.  There were nice selections of cheeses, breads, caviar, desserts and oh so much more.  Not since '96 at the Four Seasons in BH have I felt so brunch fulfilled.  Yes it was so good, I nearly teared up but I didnt want to ruin my Artichoke Bisque.We got a room on the top floor with an ocean view.  Go for the ocean view, it was absolutely breath taking.  I'm not into that kind of stuff but my god its quite a site to see the waves crashing onto the cliffs right below you.  Loved our room it reminded me of the hotels I've stayed at in London and Paris - the best bed linens, nice multiple feather pillows and feather bed liner.  Bed was a bit too firm for me but still very nice.  Bring your tweezers, they have a great magnifying mirror in the bathrooms with perfect lighting to clean up your brows.Day 2 was spa treatments, I was not planning to have one but hell the facial gal chatted me up while I was perusing the spa store and one thing led to another and I got lucky.  I got a full 1 hour facial for the price of 30 mins.  It was luxurious and oh so relaxing.  I could go on forever on our stay (ok I know thats too late) like walking along a winding path hand in hand with my hubby and  listening to this guy playing the bag pipes in full garb.  We had great wine, amazing food, incredible service and lots of pampering.  We felt like honeymooners again.I was going to rate this 4 stars because this place is too damn expensive but on the last night, our little girl joined us (yep, that's my crazy brother in law's review).  She was so mesmerized with our room and the ocean view.  Just to see her excitement was enough for me.  We had the perfect stay.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,7/24/2007,935,1053,8,12,9>BBQ Boys catered my nephew's high school graduation party...I knew I was in for a treat when I saw the ginormous BBQ trailer thingy parked in my sister's driveway.  Our feast included chicken, ribs, sausages, all kinds of salads and veggies.  I would highly recommend BBQ Boys to handle your next event - as long as it isn't vegan.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2007,7/23/2007,69,66,4,5,9>The food was so tasty here...I didn't realize what a weirdo my date was!    Jerk pork with the fried plantains and rice/beans...oh so so good!  The pork is juicy/moist and the jerk seasoning is just right!  I'd pass on the ribs next time.  Dry and nothing to remember. Great little find!  Looking forward to trying the jerk chicken next time...date no more.     ;)*
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,7/22/2007,121,584,1,7,6>It's July so it must be San Jose Obon Odori time!!! This is my favorite time of year. I have been dancing in the Obon since I was 2 or 3 (except for those surly teenage years) and have had my own kids dance in it at one point as well. I get to wear my favorite yukata du jour, listen to Obon music and feel a connection to my ancestors and community. It is an old dance celebration brought over from Japan that is over 500 years old and it is a time to honor and reflect on your ancestors. I love seeing all the little kids dressed up in their little kimono's dancing with their parents or the really old dancing or watching from the sides. I remember my own "Bachan" waiting to see me dance the year she died and never really got to see me that time. I dance for her and my Mom and other ancestors to honor them. I feel a connection to them while I am doing the dance and listening to that music that is similar to music they danced to themselves in Obon's long ago.And the best part....anyone can join in the dance! It is open to all in the community! San Jose Obon has the largest number of dancers on the west coast. This year (2007) it is July 14th and 15th. San Jose Taiko will be there too. In fact, two of the dances are taiko numbers and everyone, old and young, were really getting into it at practice! The energy in the room was really exciting. Palo Alto, Fremont, Mt. View and San Francisco all have Obon festivals as well.Oh...There is good food and Bingo too!!___________________Update 7/14/07There were 914 dancers tonight!!! An official new record for San Jose! I'm going back  on Sunday for the raffle, play bingo, watch SJ Taiko, eat good food and dance again because it was really fun tonight!!__________Update 2008Over 1100 dancers on Saturday night and almost 700 tonight!!!Wowee!
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,7/21/2007,410,212,4,13,11>During my weekly driving practice I was afraid to drive to the Delta Queen Car Wash in Campbell (where the ducks Cheese and Quackers live) since it was "unchartered territory" for me as I've never driven on Highway 17, instead I drove to the Sunnyvale Car Wash because it's right across the street from the Wild Palms hotel and I've driven around the area many, many times.  Sunnyvale Car Wash (a family owned business) has been open for some months now, however today was the *official* grand opening and they were generous with coupons (free car wash and 30 cents off every gallon).  The staff was friendly and eager to welcome everyone to the free drinks, hot dogs, and chips.  I don't know much about filling up the gas tank, but apparently this place is cheaper than nearby gas stations -- the clean facilities and pleasant staff are additional conveniences!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2007,7/20/2007,55,57,4,8,8>With a name like this, you'd think they were competing with the Scientology Center across the street. We've seen this store for several months and I've never walked in. The other day during a walk, the window caught my eye and I decided to take a peek. Vintage clothes and other nifty gift items - off beat greeting cards, frames, and posters. Prices are definitely not basement cheap, but not too pricey either, given the quality and flair. I guess if you want to be a groovy hippie or disco dancefloor mama, then this is the place to go- bags, hats, platform shoes, etc. You'll find Paul Frank wallets and watches behind glass cases too. Definitely the type of store you would find in the city. Good to see one in downtown Mt. View.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2007,7/19/2007,150,256,9,9,7>i am cheap, so the $39 offer for an hour massage was one i couldn't pass up.  while i've been known to splurge in the $100+ massages with hot stones plucked from active volcanoes, oil squeezed from a tibetan monkey's nuts and other concoctions at those posh day spas, i hate the panic that these places incur in me immediately after i visit and i realize i've dropped a small fortune just to get me my little swedish body treat.while all of those acoutrements are nice - great even, the thing i'm after is the massage - a nice deep-tissue body massage - the kind that leaves me feeling like i've just had the crap beat out of  me. why? cuz i'm a wreck - there ain't a muscle, joint or piece of fat on me that isn't in some state of pain...i'm on crutches all day and all i want is for some big strong bertha type to run her meaty non-judgemental hands over my not so perfect body.  so while the special lotions, oil and whatchamacalits are nice - the massage portion often gets lost in the mix.  all i really want is a nice clean room, music that doesn't make me want to barf (enya) and a competent masseuse (one that won't judge me).massage envy meets all of these requirements.  and for the intro $39 how could you go wrong?  even if you did get suckered into a one-year membership for $59/mo....what's the harm?  you cornered yourself into an hour of pampering a month?  who ever dreamed up waving a monthly membership registration for massage in front customers who are half-comatose and mildly lightheaded from the release of lactic acid into their system is a fucking genius.  seriously.  how can you NOT sign up?  better yet this location is right in my backyard, i can stumble out of massage envy with crazy lady hair and make it home in two minutes flat. my intro massage was with heather.  I asked for a swedith massage and while initially the pressure was lacking, i did ask her to adjust which she did.  while i didn't leave there feeling like someone had just pounded me like a piece of meat (swiss steak, my favorite), she was able to work out many of my crazy knots and i was starting to fall asleep as the session ended.   so great experience all in all, i like the concept of making massages more commonplace and affordable.UPDATE 7/08: i've decided hanu is the only masseuse for me.  two hour massage, head to foot...just enough pressure to work out all the kinks and not make me feel like a mack truck hit me.  love it.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2007,7/18/2007,24,13,3,4,7>Well this was my first *Japanese* Noodle experience, and I must say it hit the spot...definitely after a long day of a 6.5mi DKY Hike!  I'm all over the all-you-can eat Kimchi - damn that is one spicy meatball!  And if that's not enough for your savory taste buds, just try the spicy green-onion mix.  I had the Veggie Ramen...good tasting base, although I added some red pepper and chili sauce to spice it up a bit.  The Shoyu tasted excellent as well.  And...next time, I'm getting the fried chicken dish.  The curry dipping sauce makes it a complete experience.  I would say very reasonable prices (for Mountain View) and not overly crowded on a Sunday afternoon.  Overall, a great place to visit again.  FYI, don't be surprised if you hear hip-hop coming from the kitchen, complimented with a fine impression of a James Taylor concert on the local Japanese TV station...it makes for an interesting listening experience.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,7/17/2007,148,125,2,9,11>Beque is a new addition to the 10 blocks of Korean food heaven on El Camino.  Like the clean decor, everything there is a little classier than your usual Korean restaurants.The 10-12 complimentary appetizer dishes include marinated squids, crabs, and a delicious combination plate of 4 little egg pancakes with different fillings of shrimps, meat, basil and veggies. The BBQ meat was good. I especially love the handmade dumplings in short ribs soup  - fresh dumplings and tender slices of short ribs in a clear, tasty broth with egg drops, seaweed, veggies and mushrooms = YUM!They are very busy on weekends, dinner reservation is recommended if you don't want to wait an hour for a table.Everything scores 4 stars from me. The 5th star is for I walk out NOT smelling like a piece of BBQ!  Thanks to their superior ventilation system that sucks the smoke down from the grill and prevent the smell from spreading.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/17/2012,110,73,7,6,7>This place is great. I'm here all the time so why did I rate it 4 stars before? Maybe I wasn't paying attention? Maybe I was feeling stingy. Maybe I was loaded. I don't know.Anyways, Little Chef is very good. This is THE reason I come to SPSM. I'm in love with their burger, duck confit and their chicken & waffle. The burger is served on a Hawaiian sweet roll and I want to bang it. This week's iteration of duck was served over corn & bell peppers. The fries always rock and sometimes they offer fries cooked in kick-ass duck fat. They recently added scallops to the menu, served over lentils which were a little dry. The scallops were very good, much better than mine.For 2 hours a week (only 2 hours??) they serve a mean chicken & waffle. It's mean. They just started doing a Sunday brunch so it might be available 6 hours a week now. It's not your traditional chicken & waffle, it's served in a waffle bowl, then potatoes w/bell peppers, chicken, an egg, topped off with mushroom gravy and it's mean. I want to bang it. There's a restaurant down the street that advertises "inexpensive excellence" and they do well, but this slogan is much more suited to Little Chef.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/16/2012,853,359,7,8,9>This place makes me happy. It will make you happy too!I came here for the first time with a few friend's and was told to order the pork Bi-Bim-Bap (pork, veggies, rice, and a fried egg in a sizzling pot). It was AMAZING! It's hard to get anything else. You mix everything together and all of the flavors join into a symphony in your mouth which at this point has no choice but to rejoice. The appetizers they bring are all you can eat (a series of 4 different delights). At the end of the meal you get free green tea ice-cream which is some of the best I've ever had! The line can be long to get in but I've never had to wait for a crazy amount of time. The service is good and so are the prices. The best part of the whole experience is how good the restaurant smells! If you arrive not hungry, walking in will change that instantly! This is a must try spot!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,9/15/2012,1114,1200,6,15,9>Hoshi has been my favorite izakaya restaurant for a long time. For some reasons I had not return to Hoshi for quite some time. Probably too busy sampling other new restaurants.It is one of the very few places that excel in both izakaya and sushi. The chef has solid classic training in Japan and that really shows in his creations.The traditional no nonsense style might scare away some foreign clientele and Japanese food novice. Years ago, they didn't even have a complete English menu. I am delight to find out all those special menu items written on the walls now has English translation. Still difficult to read for those with poor eyesight but that is a good start.I almost always order omakase. You get 5 or 7 plates of izakaya small plates that is good to share between 2. Chef will feed you whatever he feels like making including some special dishes of the day. The great part about this is there is no set menu and you hardly get the same dishes on repeat visits.Another I highly recommend is their sushi omakase. It is $28 for 8 pieces and a handroll. Not cheap but the quality is beyond excellent. Always great selection of quality fish impeccably crafted. Lunch sushi is even a better deal. I much prefer Hoshi's nigiri to more popular places like Tomi and Yuki nearby. He got great style and presentation too.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/14/2012,1928,403,12,28,17>Still the best restaurant in downtown Sunnyvale, hands down. On weekends the place is completely packed, there is a major waiting list for tables, and somehow the hosts and hostesses are able to greet you with a smile. Major props to them! More food recommendations...APPETIZERS:- Mediterranean Maza (for two) - so delicious, and so much larger than we expected. We were so overwhelmed by how tasty this was that we stuffed our faces and didn't have much room left for dinner. Whoops! - Hummis with pita bread- Musaka'a - for all you eggplant lovers out there, this is the dish for you!- Shawarma LambENTREES:- Beriani with Lamb - still my absolute favorite dish (not on the menu -- sshhh... this is a special tip for you die-hard lamb lovers)- Mo, King of Kebobs - perfect if you're in the mood for MEAT- TabsiDESSERT:The baklava is really good. It's so sweet, the ice cream actually tones it down. TIP: If you want to have an intimate conversation during dinner, make sure you either sit in the adjoining room (not the main room) or outside. It gets majorly loud in the main room, so you will never be able to hear each other.TIP2: Be prepared to lug home lots of leftovers. Everything reheats really well and sometimes tastes even better than the day before. Score!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/13/2012,878,405,32,25,24>Dear Gayle, I know we just met, but I think I have a major crush on you!  If it's okay with you, I'd like to visit you more often, and get to know you better.        I get really excited to see you.  Your biscottis are perfect, and not only in the morning with coffee, but anytime of the day.  And I can't leave your place without getting a pack of your amazing almondtinis.  Your regular crostinis go so well with any spread, and pate is my favorite.I've also fallen for your fresh fruit tartelette, creme brulee, chocolate bread pudding, strawberry shortcake cookie, croissant, cowboy cookie, and the bear claw.  I can't wait to sink my teeth into your pies next time!    You already had me at bakery, but you just had to keep me drooling over your hot entrees. Your Blue Plate Dinners are fantastic!  So far I only had your Roast Pork Loin, Creamy Polenta with mascarpone, gorgonzola pasta, brussel sprouts, and some of your Tender Lamb Sirloin with fresh mint sauce.  Your humongous piece of garlic bread is a perfect addition to any dinner.  Thanks for the generous portions!   I wish I met you sooner.  I'm just glad we finally met.  And now I just can't get enough of you!  Know that even if I'm not hungry, I'll still visit you and take a little bit of you home with me. Love,BL
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/12/2012,345,355,4,5,7>This place is (in the words of Larry David) pretty, pretty, pretty good.  Good quality food.  Chicken Shawarma wrap was tasty, the chicken was juicy enough that it was fine as is with no extra sauce needed.  They prepare their desserts in house, the baklava was very good.  Turkish Coffee and Tea.  Friendly owner.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,9/11/2012,1117,183,7,13,11>This place is legit.  I come here almost every Thursday after Yoga and am never disappointed.  They are friendly, accommodating, and the fish is fresh and delicious.  Their menu is sizable, showcasing a variety of poke's, while representing a wide range of hawaiian delicacies. In terms of authenticity, from what I have experienced in Hawaii, it's not the same, because I think in some ways it's better (at least the poke).  The restaurant is pretty easy to find and has the vibe of Santa Cruz but without the whacked out homeless people. I highly suggest you come in and get a poke wrap, sit outside, soak up the warmth of the sun, and just enjoy yourself.  It comes easy here. 5 stars.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,9/10/2012,536,185,6,10,4>This place provides the BEST cheap massages EVER!! My old favorite full body massage was at Yoga Shakti in Irvine, CA and it cost me $110... this beats that by FAR and it's only $20 (tip them well, they deserve it)!! Wowzers... I come in confused about what to do and Cindy comes up to me and gets me seated right away. I get a bucket of hot water to soak my feet in, plus a cup of hot tea and then she gets to work on my neck and shoulders while I'm sitting up. Then once my feet are nice and wrinkly, she moves me to the massage table which was soft and comfy. Cindy can really works some magic with her hands! I've had so much back pain lately and I had a lot of tension in my neck, shoulders and lower back. She cracked my back in 15 different places (I know I know, I'm such an old lady)! I was in HEAVEN! She spent a good amount of time on everything, even my neck, scalp, face, and hands. That was really awesome :] They will ask you if you want the oil massage and that requires taking your shirt off - so ladies if you're uncomfortable with that because they won't have private booths, plan ahead and wear a tank top or thin clothing!She really paid attention to where I had a lot of tension and she made sure to go over those spots a couple times. It was painful at some points, but a good painful because I knew she was really getting out that tension. You can tell her if you want her to relax the pressure a bit. Anyway, AMAZING place. Walk-ins accepted! I will have to force myself to not come in here every day for a massage!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,9/9/2012,492,201,31,20,16>The last time I came here, my bf made me cry. I sat in the corner table in the back, sobbing about something I don't remember anymore because I have a mild case of self-diagnosed short term memory. The servers were having some sort of team meeting at the table next to me, and even though I was making strange noises with mascara streaming down my face, they were kind enough to pretend not to notice and refilled my water with a genuine smile of consolation on their face. Then my pizza came, and even though I was very sad, I took a bite because I was also very hungry, and suddenly I was happy again.My thin crust pizza with three cheeses, caramelized onion, shaved broccoli & pancetta was absolutely delicious! The crust was extra crispy, and complemented the gooey cheese. The sweetness of the onions and saltiness of the pancetta were a perfect flavor combination, and I felt slightly healthier with the bits of broccoli sprinkled throughout :)My bf enjoyed his classic pepperoni & cheese, and we were both quite happy :) Boys, if you do something mean, bring your gf here for dinner! That's how delicious their pizzas are ^_^
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,9/8/2012,1651,2220,2,5,4>My favorite place in Santa Cruz, by far. Gay-owned and operated, which wins bonus points... but more importantly, the paninis are world-class. In a small town with a dearth of good dining options, this place shines.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2006,1/9/2007,78,322,3,7,4>EDIT 6/07: I went back here for a face wax and someone who wasn't Nancy did my wax & it just wasn't the same. The girl was nice, but the job as well as the process wasn't as great at Nancy's.I figured she must come only on certain days, but when I called yesterday (7/17/07) to see if Nancy was in, the person who answered the phone said she didn't work there anymore.  :([ minus 2 stars ]---------------------------------------------WAXING!!!.. is what I got here.Okay, I came by the place just 'cos I needed an alternative to my current/original waxer which has been cutting me on different occasions. So anyway, I went in & the shop was quite inviting. It's clean, fairly updated, & spacious.So after grabbing a price list & reviewing it at home, I figured I'd give it a shot. The first thing I got waxed was my 'stache. harhar.. I was very impressed by, Nancy, the esthetician because she was very clean and professional. She made sure I was comfortable and relaxed during the process. After the waxing part, she actually put me under magnification & plucked out any hairs she could see!The second time I came by, I got a face wax (eyebrows, upper lip, sideburns, hairline, etc) just 'cos I was curious at what it would be like. Again, she made me feel comfortable and asked me questions regarding whether I was using Accutane, etc. Throughout the process, she talked to me and kept me relaxed and then put me under magnification again! Afterwards I was so smooth and so impressed by how well she worked that I may not go back to my original waxer.. EVER. :)Nancy not only does waxes, but she also does facials for a fairly good price. I've yet to set up an appointment, but I'm sure she does a great job.They also do manicures & pedicures there. Which I also need to try!Note:The only downer was that they don't accept credit card unless your total is $20+. I think that was a major reason why I went for the face wax -- since I had no cash & it was $30. Still satisfying :)
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2006,1/8/2007,463,792,7,10,10>i'm going to go five stars on this on the basis of what they're trying to accomplish. so, it's not five stars as in 'hmmm. naglee park garage or gary danko'. i lived around the corner from here on 12th street from '89 until '01 and watched as this place went from a shed to a smoothie place to a dog themed ice cream place to a taco place...to this. i'm bitter that this happened after i left. i had a tritip sandwich today and it was great. the vinaigrette cabbage side was very tasty. they have beer on tap (oh, how my life would have been different if they'd been here in my era) and the owner pleasantly offered me tastes of what they had to help me make a selection. superb sandwich and beer for about $9. patio seating or indoor bar and table seating. friendly people. all you people who don't go to starbucks because you don't wanna buy coffee from 'the man', spend some dough here. local people carving out a living offering great food at a fair price right in the neighborhood. you won't be suffering for your politics. it's tasty! did i mention beer?
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2006,1/7/2007,159,279,4,5,4>Went here for a department lunch (read: freeee!)  They seemed even to get a large lunch crowd (large in the aggregate, though small, wrinkled and feeble in the specific) yet despite this, the service was way beyond expectation.  Our lunch waiter was very attentive and decked out in tails.  They made our salads right at our table from scratch -- the dressing and everything.  We had escargot & oysters on a half shell for appetizers, which were very well favored.  The bread could have been warmer, and since the bread wasn't, the butter should at least have been, but wasn't either.  I'm not a big fan of trying to spread cold hard butter on a thin slice of bread.  Aside from that... the main course (I had some really yummy chicken pasta alfredo) was delicious.   They have many signature seafood dishes, which many in our party loved so much they ended up sopping every last drop with the pith of the rolls.I'll have to say, the dessert -- and I'm not a big dessert person -- is THE best course.  If you're abstaining, the display they put on is a feast in itself... so make sure at least someone at your table orders a flambe.  One of us ordered bananas foster, but news from the kitchen was that they had run out of bananas and our waiter was so kindly as to offer to run to the store across the street if we could wait 10 extra minutes.  Wow.  Of course, there was the polite decline and an alternate goodie was selected (Strawberries en flambe).   We thought that the offer was only made in politeness, but as it "turns out" they suddenly had bananas after all... so they made the bananas foster complements of the chef.  Super extra credit.I'd like to come here for dinner sometime most likely with someone older in my family.  There was an ad hoc performance space with drums, keyboards and a mic at one end of the major room, so I'm assuming they have live dinner band, but even if you come for lunch, they pipe in instrumentals of nostalgic and popular songs that are fun to play name that tune to.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2006,1/6/2007,255,449,5,6,4>Please resist the urge to make jokes about "the Donger" - you might miss the best pho around.  Now I am only really a chicken pho eater - but I found Pho Dong to be a cut above anywhere else I've ever been.  The price is about $1-2 more than elsewhere, and the slight increase is well worth it, unlike so many places that try and fail to make posh pho - settling instead for just giving you a smaller bowl of the same old crap.Second visit: the wonder of the first time did not repeat itself.  They only bring you about a teaspoon of hot sauce (not Sriracha at the table - too low class).  I asked for more.  They thought I was nuts and said they'd bring it over, but didn't.  I asked again, and this time I got about a tablespoon and a half.  Not quite enough.  I overheard somebody at another table ask for the same thing and encounter the same difficulties.  Sriracha is what $5 a gallon and never goes bad?  Dish it out!  Also, they still don't take credit cards...The first and second visits average out to 4 stars - had my first been like my second, I'd probably never go back.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2006,1/5/2007,69,208,2,5,3>WOW!  This place is incredible and SO OUT OF PLACE!  After being there a while, enjoying the artistic, delicious sushi, indulging in Saki and chatting with my dinning companion I expected to walk out an catch a cab back to my hotel in SFO..I was a bit surprised I was in SUNNYVALE!!  Reality crashed back in hard- this place is too good to be in its current location, I just hope it does not go out of business!  Sushi presentation is colorful, artistic and highly edible.  Definitely a great place to take a date if you're local!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2006,1/4/2007,30,158,2,5,7>dependable, solid food. Fresh (all ingredients are made on site, or produced locally for the three stores on the peninsula.) and generous on the portion sizes. I have eaten here a few times (it is near my parent's house) and have been pretty satisfied. Yes, I have been to Italy. Yes, I have had fantastic Italian food in North Beach (Cinque Terre FTW!). Yes, Pasta Pomodoro is a chain. Deal with it and eat the food, dammit. I love the fresh bread and sauce served before the meal. You can always ask for more with your meal, if you so desire. I have had a few dishes, but I really enjoy the Fettuccine Alfredo. The pasta is wide and freshly made. The sauce is cheesy and fattening, but not overpowering. It coats the pasta just right, without leaving a greasy and watery mess. So tasty!The tiramisu is made on site. I had it today for the first time it and it was grand. Usually, I am not a fan since most Italian food places soak their ladyfingers in so much alcohol that it really kills the rest of the flavors. This tiramisu is light and creamy, fresh and filling. My mom and I shared the single piece and were totally happy. The chocolate shavings under the first layer were a totally awesome mouth-ful surprise!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2006,1/3/2007,263,406,15,3,5>$99,600 for a Tesla done my way... $50,000 deposit... all electric...drip.drip.drip.Drool puddle.SOLD OUT?drip.drip.drip.Tears in drool puddle.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2006,1/2/2007,410,212,4,3,2>Hee hee, I feel so silly with what I am about to write..I used to get my haircut from Van (before I had a job) and she is also my mom's stylist!!  She's usually booked with fobby clientele for the whole week, so you have to make an appointment a couple of weeks in advance.  Yes, she is super popular!The only reason why I went here was because my mom would pay for my haircuts (which varied from $20-25).  Her cuts are OK, she mainly uses a razor during the entire course of the haircut, which apparently is a major no-no with thick hair like mine.  Oh well, if my mommy's paying...  What is funny is that I would get compliments on my hair all the time and wondered why, but I found out it was from styling my own hair.Von Pauli Salon is located in Lion Plaza, so you can get all the Asian food you could ever imagine in 1 place!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2006,1/1/2007,150,151,1,12,6>I am so going back to Mandaloun.  They have built such an incredibly beautiful space --- wood ceilings, stone arch ways, large front atrium area with fireplace, a great out-door patio in the back, a stunning bar area - and the food is some of the most interesting Mediterranean cooking I've ever had.  And it's only their opening week.  Went with a large group because we were all eager to try it out, plus we all got to sample/check out a lot of different plates.  The small plates were all unique and creative --- I got to share both the Moroccan Cigars (Phyllo, chicken, saffron herbs & tomato chutney)  and the wood-grilled figs (wrapped in bacon, stuffed w/farmers cheese & topped with mint and a balsamic glaze).  Both were great,  but holy cow were those figs awesome! I've never had a fig dish done up quite like that.  Can't wait to order those again!  Main plate was pappardelle with a meaty, flavorful,  Bolognese sauce and ricotta.  Good choice, I think.  But others at my table ordered chicken panini, wood-oven baked pizza (beautiful presentation --- and because of the large, open kitchen area, you can watch the chef hand-toss the pizza dough. Very, very cool), lamb skewers on lavosh (this one was served with two sauces that everyone really enjoyed), and ravioli.  Everyone seemed pretty happy with what they ordered.  One quick note about their French fries --- THEY ROCK! They're crispy, they have a great flavor, they're not at all oily!  They're perfect.There are some timing issues with a couple of the entrees right now, because it's so new.  But they've got an ambitious, creative menu and I really think they're going to succeed in this space (I know people in my office will be going there a lot).   I can't wait to go back and try out their dinner menu (and more of those figs & some of that sangria...) sometime very soon!Best of luck to you, Mandaloun, you're a fabulous addition to downtown Redwood City!!!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2006,12/31/2006,294,503,14,8,10>Before we get our panties all in a bunch about this low rating, allow me to explain myself.  I had a totally fantastic time lounging on the terrace at this lovely establishment and stuffing myself full of small plates and $20 chardonnay, so don't be mislead, I rocked this place like Neil Young on guitar.  HOWEVER, these are my gripes: 1) Never Ever put a chain link fence up between a hotel and a view of the ocean, that's like, blasphemous.  Whomever did the planning of the golf course and the hotel and didn't think about the whole "protect the hotel guests from flying objects" bit should be beaten severely. 2) Why does this hotel look like it should be nestled in some mountain trees up in Tahoe and not like a swanky, peachy, beachy, flowing water, let's hit the spa type environment?  Again, the architect and planning commision should be beaten.  Nothing about this hotel fits nicely into it's environment. 3) What's up with all the weddings? If I saw another bride I was going to shoot myself.  As I was attempting to hold drunk ass up against the bathroom wall and patiently wait for a stall, I was bookended by not one, but TWO different bridesmaids, and forced to listen to a bride complain about how she looked "FAT" in her dress.  People, put these brides and their posses in their own rooms with their own bathroom, ACK! Ok that's about it.  The rest of the day was fabu and I must congratulate the people of Half Moon Bay for a pumpkin patch extravaganza well worth the two hours in the car on the 92. However, the Ritz needs some help, and I'm available, for a fee and some more of that $20 chardonnay....
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,8/16/2009,761,878,9,14,14>really enjoyed the hike at uvas county today. i loved the fact that it is moderately easy, short, and gorgeous. perfect hike if you aren't planning to do a half day long hike, and want to get in a hike before getting on to the rest of your day.on the way to the park, the road can be pretty narrow and windy. On the drive there, you will pass through a small private Swedish community called Sveadal, which I thought was pretty neat. Nice trails, bridges to hop on over, gorgeous scenery, greenery, and waterfalls. And it was also very fun climbing around on the rocks. And just like many others mentioned, not a crowded trail at all. During our hike, we probably saw at most 20 people. Awesome, I can feel more at one with nature . Oh! and you can bring dogs on this hike.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,8/15/2009,378,778,11,22,17>A few mosquito bites and sun-kissed freckles on my face....now that means great camping!! Plus camping is an inexpensive way to spend time with family and friends. My husband and I and 6 other friends spent the weekend here and it was great! Very quiet here because there are not as many camp sites as most places. We had a pretty large lot for the 8 of us and able to have 4 tents plus plenty of room for our chairs and food. The bathrooms are close by as well so if you need to make a quick run to the bathroom in the middle of the night, it's not too scary. They do not have showers at this camp location. Camping is $25 a night and includes parking for 3 vehicles. We had 4 vehicles so we had to pay the $6 park fee and park our car at the bottom of the hill which wasn't a big deal. Definitely store food in your car at night. We had a few raccoons pay us a visit and want to eat with us. They even got into our bag of charcoal and firewood in the middle of the night. Food was safe though because we had it in the cars. Weather here is in the 50s in late May at night so its not too cold but dress in layers. Not too many mosquitoes but I did get a few bites so maybe repellent is good for you to bring. They have spickets for water nearby so you can fill up water bottles and coolers and they have trash and recycling areas close by to each camp site. Plenty of trails and places to walk to in this area. It's a bit of a far walk to the beach but its possible to do in the middle of the day. Pescardero Beach is about a 6 mile drive from the entrance of the park. Will definitely be back....love this place! Its very quiet and family friendly! Look out for all of the banana slugs ;)
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,8/14/2009,3171,1316,26,27,25>This is now my new favorite pho ga restaurant. Sorry, Kim Long.It's clean, it's good, and it's spacious. Do go.I recommend #1 or #2 LARGE or if you are a true fob, order #7 LARGE. The pho noodle is perfect; the texture is is almost chewy but not. I loved the chicken broth. It was clear, clean, and just plain tasty. Minus 1 star for the lack of chicken meat. If you order the bone-in, that is basically what you get: bones, not much chicken.But it's all about the pho ga here. If you order anything else, you might be disappointed.We came here with a group of 40+ people and they accommodated us very well from 7-9PM. The owner was nice and my Vietnamese skills worked its magic.There were Vietnamese desserts on the menu (which I did not order) but looked appealing.We will definitely return.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,8/13/2009,1066,578,10,14,12>Wow! I would give this place 4.5 if I could...although I can't really think of what it could to/be to have a 5! The reviews are right: the service is very friendly, the feel is cozy, and most importantly, the food is very very good. I ordered the Greek Fusili, one of I believe three vegetarian pasta items on the menu, and the BF got the Chicken Canneloni. Mine was nice and lighter, with a lemon sauce, and his was thick and rich with the cheese sauce. Both were great, and because of our coupon that we got in the mail, mine was half-off.The owner is so nice! The BF got a beer, and the owner came and asked if he'd like more, and when BF hesitated, the owner offered a half a glass, and as he filled it up, he said it was on the house! Yeesh. The restaurant is small, but I like that. The service was quick, and maybe a minute after we ordered our appetizer, it was right in front of us :) Nothing to complain about here!
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,8/12/2009,80,685,17,19,18>Epic donuts.  Super flavors, best service (in English too!) and I don't give a damn about "political correctness" of psycho liberals.  I love me some Psycho Donuts.  The Gone Bananas (or that is what it SHOULD be called) donut is to die (go psycho?) for.  Banana chips, banana cream, chocolate.  MMMMMMMMmmmmMMMMmMMM.  Major Head Trama with the raspberry blood oozing out of the dead nutjob's yummy pastry skull is nice as well.  Co-workers (I brought them for a staff meeting because the people I work with are not a bunch of punks who take offence at everything the possibly can just to have a reason to get on that lame political soapbox) loved the names and the flavors as well.In short, political correctness is lame (All these oh-so-serious "reviews" and all the media bullshit slingers need to get back on the Celexa), people are psycho, and Psycho Donuts is some damn good chow to hang a fang into.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,8/11/2009,352,471,12,10,10>We came here just after eating Pho, so we were pretty much full before getting MORE grub.  Being a Saturday night, the place was pretty packed.The first thing you'll notice about this place, it's pretty dark outside with little decor outside, but step inside and you'll be amazed! there's fish nets, fish decor, and LCD/Plasma TV's showing live football games!  Family friendly? heck yea!  Wait time for the setting? none.  But if the place was full, I'm pretty sure they'd seat you as soon as some left their table.  Unfortunately, our party was taking its sweeeeeeeeeetttttt time talking to the waitress, asking about the food, and chit-chatting amongst ourselves.The service was top notch and quick!  We asked about the oysters and our waiter quickly went back and forth to get the answers we wanted and promptly refilled our cups with out asking.  After much deliberation, we choose  (drum roll) 1 lb of shrimp with the Sha-Bang.  We also had orders of Arnold Palmers, (thanks to our waitress for making it even though its not on the menu!) and to our delight, it was really really good.  Now, of course, this is just 2 persons opinions, one of which could be even called an "Arnold Palmer connoisseur", as that's all he drinks everywhere we go.Our waitress then setup our table by placing the waxy paper covering the table, which is a standard at all crawfish places I've ever been to.  Next, they bib us.  Yes, bib us, so would one be bashful of wearing a bib? No, look around! every customer has their bib on, so don't be bashful! Grub however you wish! use your hands! cover your face in the tasty broil!  eat "like pigs" as Tina N stated! but don't be bashful or embarrassed!My trusty friend (of the like same name) has never eaten such foods and didn't have the right etiquette on eating shrimp.  Here are the simple steps:Pick up a shrimp with your hands, tilt the head so the tail is upward, remove the head, suck the juices from the head, smoother the body around in some more juice, you can either just chew on the entire thing as it or remove the shell then eat the meaty pieces of the shrimp, it's encouraged to dip the shrimp into the juices as you see fit.Like crack, we wanted more of this delicious food, but we had to go and our bellies were full.  We were given packets of wash clothes to wash our smiling faces and juice soaked fingers.We will be back!FYI: I can't really compare this to crack as I have never tried crack, so let's just use it as an figment of speech. (whatever that means)
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,8/10/2009,854,542,28,28,30>Presumptively, there's a specific combination of nucleic acid pairings that formulates part of an "alpha helical coil" constituting a DNA chain with a chromosome at a genetic marker that resides somewhere in the vast genome map of "if you are this, then you do that" which mandates "Filipinos sing and dance".I missed the bus.  mikey = talentless and awkward = bad karaokeEven still, if I could give this place more than 5 secksy stars I would... where else could you gather and meet with so many Yelp Legends and up-n-coming Yelp Stars, drink yourself silly, cheer on brave crooners, hear some amazing vocalists, and join in on a house-rocking "Don't Stop Believing"?Thanks, Weide, for ever being the mastermind of 7Bamboo UYEs!Plus, I had it from a trusted authority that there was a cute waitress there... VERIFIED!  (See Cobber's review: [yelp.com/biz/seven-bambo)AND at long long last, I got to meet Michael H and Jeanette Z... *giddy* THEY'RE JUST SO AWESOME!! *giddy*"...TALL too!", says the 5'5" stocky Polynesian...______________________________________________Took another cuddly picture with Rachel R... that girl is walking talking sunshine, I tell you... muah!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,8/9/2009,373,196,11,16,14>Ok Ok Ok.First of all. A 4 dollar buffet. A 4 DOLLAR BUFFETWow. I came to this restaurant with a party of 20 yesterday afternoon and was greeted with a friendly  person by the name of Linda. She had small conversation with us and gave our table refills even though we were waiting approximately an extra hour for other guest to come.This is Indian food. I mean for a buffet, you'd expect low quality and expensive prices. This place in fact has GREAT quality in their food and an AMAZING price. You sure get a great meal along with great friendly service.We were given complimentary soft serve ice cream and the bill was handled very well. Instead of that annoying separating the bill like other buffets, we were able to go up and pay one by one. $4.36 to be exact. This buffet is what this economy needs. Other buffets need to learn the style of Taj's Palace. MHMM!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,8/8/2009,528,386,15,14,15>i've been meaning to come here ever since i saw reviews on yelp. i came here while enjoying the beerfest, so i already had a few beers and me and was enjoying every aspect of the day after that. upon entering, i saw cute underwear that had nice little lacey detailing. my intoxicated self was just amazed at how soft they were. so i got 3 pairs of those. i saw pretty betsey johnson bra, which i picked up too. right about then, my bladder decided it needed to go. i asked if there was a bathroom and low and behold there was. score. i saw another bra that was really padded..more cleavage! so after i've made my way to the restroom, i find out my stuff has been put nicely into a bag and the bf has signed my name. no contesting here. score! pretty underwear and bras. love it.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2009,8/7/2009,1019,787,11,15,13>Yessssss I've finally found a good dessert/snack place less than 10 minutes from my house! After reading all the reviews about this place (and looking at the yummy pictures) I had to give this place a try. I'm new to the area so I'm happy that I finally found a damn place because I was sick of going to food chains. This place accepts credit cards, which is a HUGE plus since most Asian places are too cheap and usually make you pay cash. The menu is pretty big being that most of the items are either drinks, snacks or desserts. I didn't know what to get so the bf and I just chose things that most of the reviews said to get. We ordered the Mango Moo smoothie, Egg Custard and Creme Brulee. The Mango Moo is pretty good. It has little mango bits on the top that give the smoothie a little bit of texture. I'm a big fan of creme brulee so I can't really go wrong with this. This place makes it good without giving it the cheap taste that most bakeries will have when they sell this item. The egg custard was also delicious, very subtle flavor. However, don't order the creme brulee and egg custard together; it tastes weird when you go back and forth between the two. Overall, for the relatively cheap prices, I can see how this is a great place just to get a snack with a friend when you're not hungry enough for dinner and you don't feel like going to a generic place like Starbucks or Pinkberry. There's so many things left on the menu that I still want to try so I'll definitely be coming back.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/12/2014,238,229,9,14,10>I have finally found a place that has one of the best burgers that I have ever had. Konjoe Burger Bar is in the small building inside San Pedro Square, in the same building as Treat Bot and Blush. Everytime I come here there is never a line but you do have to wait a bit for your burger, since they do make it to order. I just love the fact that they are within walking distance from my work and I spent a couple of my lunches here in the past month.   I like that once you pay by debit or credit it saves your phone # so you can text the receipt to you. They also have an e-mail option as well. I have only tried the Konjoe Burger, which is amazing. The patty is so juicy, and yes I do order my burgers well done as well. The lettuce they use is so nice, crispy and fresh. It also has fresh cut jalepenos and this konjoe sauce, that makes it taste so good. What's nice is that they even ask you if you'd like cheddar or jack cheese. Really...have you ever got a choice of cheese offered to you when ordering a burger...only at Konjoe Burger. I always get jack cheese.   It's a little pricey for a burger place but I think it's worth it. It also come with fries, these amazing tasting fries that has this kinda spicey seasoning on it and no it's not oily at all...just so good paired with your burger. Oh did I forget to tell you.....the Konjoe Burger has a fried egg in it? I mean how can I forget what makes the burger taste so amazing. Oh and it comes on this toasted Brioche bun...amazing! I have brought two of my coworkers so far, both different occasions and both have agreed that The Konjoe Burger is by far the best burger they have had.   Even if you don't work around San Pedro Square, you should at least give it  try. There is a parking garage near by and they do validate or there is meter parking all around the building. Plus there is a bar within the same building...order a burger and have a drink, who wouldn't love it.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,5/11/2014,475,273,24,33,29>I was thoroughly impressed with my first visit to Pinnacle Animal Hospital last week.  I called on Monday morning and got a same day appointment to bring our new puppy in for his first check up.  They were very nice over the phone and even more friendly when I actually came in with the little guy.  The facility is very new and modern, extremely clean, and has one entrance for cats and one for dogs with separate waiting areas. They also make sure to steam clean the exam rooms after each furry little patient is seen (so there is no risk of spreading anything).  We were seen and treated by Dr. Breinberg, and she was absolutely wonderful.  She set us up with a puppy package where everything is included for one flat rate.  All the vaccinations, exams, nail trims, dewormings, testing, heartworm prevention, and microchiping are included in this package... for $300.  It's a great deal and well worth it for your pup.  The vet spent about 30 with me going over teething, training, eating, training etc and allowed me ample time to ask questions.  The little boy and I BOTH felt very cared for and attended to the entire visit.I would highly recommend Pinnacle to any pet owner in the area, you will be so happy you chose them!  Also a perk that there is a Petco in the same parking lot!!!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,5/10/2014,469,258,14,18,15>Com Tam Thien Huong is rapidly expanding & business seems to follow every restaurant they've opened! This is their 4th location & it's the most eye pleasing one when it comes to aesthetics. Lots of sparkle! I recognized a few servers from the Grand Century location over here which I thought was good because they could help the newbies out. I've been here several times now and I think they're still trying to work things out. There are really long waits if you come after 5:30 for dinner. Not only will it be a long wait for a table but it'll be quite a wait for food too! This location isn't very suitable for big parties, it's made up of about 1/2 booths & 1/2 stand alone tables. You can move the tables around to accommodate the parties but not the booths.The food is so consistent at each location! This one is closest to home so it's prolly going to become my go-to one. Service is still your typical eat & get out. I think they need to be more organized though. I saw an atrocious act where there was a line out the door but a family walked up to an empty table to seat themselves. The staff didn't even catch it because they were frantic with orders and their eyes were affixed on the long lines. Plus points that they take credit card (:
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,5/9/2014,405,477,11,13,9>I've never met Angelou, but judging from her cooking I imagine she has wings and a halo. Everything on the menu is absolutely delicious. In the mood for breakfast? The huevos rancheros will blow your mind. Ready for lunch? Order of plate of al pastor/carnitas/carne asada tacos and you will be in heaven. They even have California burritos and carne asada fries that will rival any taqueria in San Diego. Mexican food has a special place in my heart. There is just something about sitting down to a plate of delicious tacos and an ice cold glass of horchata that can make all your worries disappear. Nowhere in the South Bay does Mexican food better than Angelou's.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,5/8/2014,360,127,12,18,15>In the last few years, you may have noticed an inundation of foot massage establishments seemingly popping up overnight around the Bay Area.After being kneaded and torqued at many of these businesses I give Lucky Feet Massage a resounding thumbs up. As many of you know, although you're asking for a foot massage you actually receive an overall body massage with a fair  amount of work on your back, which is what separates Lucky Feet from the others in my book.The setup and chairs are no better or worse than its competition. How you feel about the quality of your massage can vary greatly dependent on the style and gender of your masseuse, so if you intend on becoming a repeat customer, I would suggest requesting that person by name in the future.Hopefully one hour and only $20(+tip) lighter you will walk out loosey-goosey and feeling refreshed.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/7/2014,894,377,9,18,13>Much of what all of the reviews have stated, My is the best! She truly is the ombré queen. Here's my story:I've been wanting to go to My for a while but she is always booked 2 months out. So be sure to make an appointment ahead of time. My boyfriend surprised me a few days early for a valentines day gift and got me an appointment! My was totally booked v-day week and after a lot of begging, negotiating, and persistence, I was able to get an appt without the 2 month wait! Yippee for me! I had black hair that I had just dyed a month prior, so My explained that she will try to get my ombré as blond as she could without too much damage. It's so easy to connect with My and to talk. She's so sweet and funny. After 1.5-2 hrs my hair was ombré perfect!  I have an appointment in May for another session of ombré to achieve a lighter color. I'm so happy with my hair and I would tell anyone who wants their hair taken care of to go to My! Thank you! Oh, and my ombré was $180.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,5/6/2014,339,173,19,29,24>Gooyi Gooyi is one of the best kept secrets in the south bay, easily becoming one of my favorite Korean BBQ restaurants. Located on the busy streets of El Camino, nestled in a interesting location next to another Korean BBQ joint and sandwiched in-between two adult video shops. x_X Yes it's a little sketchy, but don't let the exterior appearance fool you, this place is legit.The reason I keep this place so close to my heart is the #11 - Marinated Thin Sliced Rib Eye (Yuk Soo Bul Go Gi). This is a must order! In fact, you must order 2 orders (seriously, minimum order is 2), but it is so worth it and mouthwatering delicious! You will thank them for making you order two. The rib eye is cooked on the middle of the grill, while the delightful special marinade sauce boils around the meat. After the meat is cooked, it is dunked into that savory marinade sauce. Once you take that first bite you will think you are in a state of euphoria. Immediately you will want to add more of that marinade sauce into your rice, because it's that good!Another fan favorite of mine is the cheese corn. We were asking the waitress between a few different appetizers, and she enthusiastically pointed to the cheese corn. I'm glad she did because this cheesy corn on a hot sizzling plate was gooyi-licious!I'd also mention that the kimchi fried rice is quite flavorful and tasty, as mentioned in many of the reviews! I only thing I didn't like is the fact that this dish comes out so late compared to the other dishes, but it's worth it.Summary (4.5 Stars): Gooyi Gooyi is a small Korean BBQ joint who actually cook the food for you. Parking is limited, but they stay open until 2am. A little on the pricey side for KBBQ, but it's oh so worth it! =P Mmm, Marinated Thin Sliced Rib Eye.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,5/5/2014,282,253,11,16,13>I love nostalgia. This hotel was built during the height of the Depression ~and back in 1931, this 10 story 144 room hotel was the tallest building in San Jose at that time. A big lover of the Art Deco era, I am drawn to this building and LOVE coming here, whether it be weddings, the Swinging Frank Sinatra Night held every December, and our last visit was for New Years with a roaring 20's theme. We got a fantastic package which included tickets to the New Years event, a room for the night, champagne in our room, and even a cute little chocolate on our pillow. Simply spectacular! I was slightly nervous since our room was right in front of the elevators, expecting to be plucked from my depths from other party goers throughout the night. But it turned out to be really quiet in the late hours, we even went to the second floor to enjoy the *raid our pantry* and snacked on some sandwiches and fruit, compliments of the hotel! In the morning we enjoyed our breakfast (buffet style) ~ and made sure we arrived first to take advantage of the selection of items they had to offer.The staff is always pleasant and accommodating, (this was the EASIEST hotel to book in MY LIFE!) and look forward to staying here for future events.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,5/4/2014,853,359,12,15,17>Love me some Chicago style deep dish, and love me some Blue Line!Blue Line pizza is Little Star's sister pizzeria. And her pizza is just as on point as her big sisters'! (I'm not sure I punctuated that correctly...)We got a deep dish with lots of meat. It was fantastic. The standout facet of the pizza is the cornmeal crust. It's what sets Blue Line apart and it's truly delicious! We opened up our meal with the meatballs. Also delicious. It was a meat filled dinner. The beer selection was pretty solid. The service was great and pretty quick considering how long it takes to make a deep dish. I'm not sure whether I like Blue Line or Patxi's more. I think I'll have to do a side by side taste test. Who's with me?
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,5/3/2014,739,432,18,24,21>I never dreamed I'd be a Do It Yourself addict.Yet here I am. Since moving into our new house a month ago, I've been to Harbor Freight several times. Their prices on most things are ridiculously low, cheaper than the competitors.The secret? They sell mostly store brands like Pittsburgh and Chicago Electric and pass the savings onto you. Despite the brand names, that stuff is all made overseas, usually in China (but you'll be hard pressed to find stuff NOT made in China these days).No, you won't find brands like Craftsman, DeWalt, Stanley and Bosch here. For something like a drill with moving parts, I prefer to go with well-known brands. But for hand tools, Harbor Freight is just fine, and their lifetime warranty on hand tools makes it even sweeter!Finally, despite their prices already being so low, I get tons of coupons in the mail for 25% off any one item and a free item with or without an accompanying purchase. Only one free item per customer per day, though. So far I've gotten two utility scissors, a tape measure, flashlight, screwdriver set and a tarp for free. Maybe that's the biggest reason why I've come in so many times!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,3/16/2012,1117,183,21,30,17>Brix vs. Splash : A Battle of San Jose Gay Bars (a direct comparison)Lines:Brix has no lines, ever.  Splash has lines out the door and more frustrating, up to the second level.  I have waited twenty minutes to get into the door, then waited another twenty minutes to get upstairs (where the ONLY bathrooms are located. WINNER - BRIXCover:Brix, for the most part has no cover on the weekend.  The only time there is a $5 cover is when there are special events.  I can appreciate that.  Splash's cover changes, starting at $7-8 on a Friday/Saturday, then going down to $6 at 1:00am.  WINNER - BRIXBartenders/Drinks:The bartenders at Brix are fantastic.  The know how to make a STRONG cocktail, their double's are only a dollar more.  Most drinks max out at $7 ($8 for a double which will kick your ass).  Splash can't make a cocktail to save their lives.  Do yourself a favor and make them use a jigger or you WILL be shorted. It has happened every single time I have been there, I am the second most checked in person on Yelp, you do the math.  Also, splash dupes you, charging $7.5 for a short bucket cocktail and $12-14 for a tall. WINNER - BRIXAtmosphere: This one is a tie for me.  Brix is comfortable, while Splash has a more SF feel.  Overall...can anyone guess who comes out the winner?  Brix is by far the most superior bar in San Jose.  If you want to get drunk, then come here.  If you want to waste your time waiting in line, paying outrageous prices (btw. if you think I am cheap, look at the rest of my reviews...they speak for themselves), and leaving sober, then by all means go to Splash. Also, come see the cabaret show on Sundays, its a damn good time.BRIX FOR THE WIN!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,3/15/2012,942,253,17,31,27>I read about this new spot in the San Jose Mercury News article by Sal Pizarro in his column "Around Town" under the story title of "Campbell's New Things."  Since my daughter and her hubby were taking me out to lunch today, I suggested we try this new pizza spot and we are all glad we did.The ambiance/style of the place is industrial/loft  with plenty of windows (it's on the corner of a building).  The wood tables and chairs are spaced well but I can imagine that it would probably be noisy if the restaurant were full.  When we arrived, it was half full and this was after 1:25PM today.The menu is concise and to the point with a few samplings of appetizers, salads, deep dish pizzas, thin crust pizzas, "create your own deep dish or thin crust" pizzas with numerous toppings available to choose from, individual pizzas (available between 11:30AM-4PM), panini sandwiches and desserts.  The beverage menu was one page long and had a good variety of beer, wine and bottled sodas.  The menu offerings were just right for each category.  I always wonder about restaurants that have too many items on their menu...you won't find that to be the case here.  The menu size is just perfect.We ordered the following items:1. Spicy Chicken Wings - a pound of marinated goodness where it penetrates deep into the meat; came piping hot to the table with baby carrots and creamy bleu cheese dressing; approximately 11-12 pieces2. Classic Deep Dish Pizza - large (12 inch) Classic ddp with sausage, mushrooms, onions, green bell peppers and a fresh as can be chunky tomato sauce with herb seasoning sprinkled on top3. White Pie Thin Crust Pizza - small (12 inch) thin crust pizza made of garlic infused olive oil base, roasted zucchini, fresh tomatoe slices and feta4. Sprite fountain drink, Pyramid Hefeweizen Beer, Boylan's "The Natural Kind" Soda - Black Cherry flavorIf any of you in Yelpdom has eaten pizza at Lou Malanati's in Chicago, then you know what I mean by saying Blue Line Pizza's deep dish is at the same level as Lou Malanati's.  Delicious with a cornmeal crust, thick but not too thick and fresh toppings (available daily per the staff) made the deep dish an A+ for me.  The thin crust "white pie" was an excellent non-meat pizza as well.The spicy chicken wings were really meaty and had the right amount of spiciness...not too much but just enough that the bleu cheese dressing made for a good drizzle over the wings.I've never had a Boylan's "The Natural Kind" Soda but was intrigued as I love black cherry soda.  This was the best black cherry soda I've had in years!  There is nothing artificial tasting about this soda at all!  The other soda flavor available is the Boylan's "The Natural Kind" Creme Vanilla.  I would suggest that Blue Line Pizza add the other two flavors - Cane Cola and Root Beer, to their offerings.From a friendly welcome when we arrived, was seated and the two friendly and efficient wait staff, I can tell you that I'm coming back for more!*Note - Blue Line Pizza had a soft opening yesterday, 2/9/2012.  The parent company is Little Star Pizza in San Francisco.*
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2011,3/14/2012,990,678,5,12,11>OMG, OMG! All Natural recently opened at Eastridge Mall and this is not your typical frozen yogurt and ice cream shop. They specialize in yogurt parfaits and fruit cocktails with the spicy chili seasonings that you would find at a local fruit cart. A simple concept yet oh so good. I need to upload photos from my mobile phone and show you how good it looks.A small yogurt parfait or fruit cocktail is $4 while a large is $7. You can choose from a variety of seasonal fruits and top it off with regular yogurt, condensed milk, frozen yogurt, ice cream sherbet, chili seasonings, chocolate sauce and other toppings. This is what I had: a small cup which is quite big I might add with watermelon sherbet ice cream at the bottom, freshly cut watermelon chunks, strawberries, oranges and honeydew. Then the cup was topped with yogurt and condensed milk and crunchy granola. Btw, no matter how many toppings you add to your cup, the price is still the same, $4 for a small and $7 for a large.The cup was so big and looked so good. As I dived into the cup, I was hooked and devoured it so fast! I can't wait to get more this weekend as I am an addict. The staff is super friendly as well! I asked them several questions including getting their phone number and they had no business cards, so the staff gave me a small sheet of paper with their phone number on it. Words to describe "All Natural"...natural, fresh, refreshing, delightful, and oh so good!P.S. - The shop is located on the 2nd level of the mall at the food court, next to the Mongolian BBQ shop. Look for a bright green sign and pink-colored walls and you will find "All Natural."As of March 14, 2012: Prices are $5 for a small, $7 for a large.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,3/13/2012,311,178,16,21,13>My mom constantly amazes me with everything she does. Her latest prized discovery are these delicious ham and cheese croissants. She brings them home right when I'm craving for something light and filling. I would like there to be more ham but that's just my preference since my motto is "The more meat, the merrier." Sorry PETA. But problem is, once I take a bite out of that fluffy french pastry filled with ham and cheese, the word "share" is suddenly removed from my vocabulary.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,3/12/2012,531,216,7,11,8>***for Lunch service**I LOVE BUFFETS! I can't express enough how much I LOVE BUFFETS, especially SUSHI BUFFETS!Got dragged along by a fellow Yelper who also loves buffets and I'm glad he found this hidden gem inside poor ol Valco mall. Tatami reminds me very much of Tomi Seafood Buffet at Eastridge Mall in east San Jose, both of which are good.Of the sushi and sashimi selection, they didn't have as much as I had expected and wanted. But the sashimi was fresh and that's very important. They had rolls, but I didn't want to eat too many of those that would fill me up (I have major buffet and eating experience to know what foods to fill up on and what foods to avoid to prevent getting full). The rolls were good, small in size and not oversaturated with sauces. Tatami put out more food for dinner, but I can only speculate. I will do detective work for yelp and go to a dinner buffet. oh yea, I EL OH VEE EE sushi buffets. Did I say that already?Tatami has different sections for the varieties of food. They have a desert section with a crepe station, hot food section with noodle or udon station, sushi rolls, and sashimi. Enough selections for people who love to try different foods while they eat.Lunch was about $13, not bad for a buffet and for it being seafood and sushi! They close at around 130 or 2pm for lunch.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,3/11/2012,157,91,4,28,19>1st time, funny amusing but the freshness kept me yearning for more.although when I asked the waitress (very sweet and nice girl) " what are your specialties since this is our 1st time"  she responded "here? this place?"  I was out of words....They had my favorite Kanpachi "on" the menu (a very rare find).  Asked our waitress to check to make sure they have it, she came back assured us that they did.  After ordering 1/2 of the menu, half way through our dinner, she tells us "so sorry, but we are out of Kanpachi"  Odd, Since we were the only customers there, did the fish swim away? 2nd time, 2 nights later... even better, the sushi chef was extremely accommodating to us we ate at the beautiful and shiny sushi bar met the owner,  ordered Kanpachi and owner says 'It's a very hard to catch fish (I know this already) we do not have it tonight. Alrighty!!!3rd time, still amazed at the freshness of my sushi.  Still out of Kanpachi, but remains on their menu!.4th time, okay, this might be our last time. No Kanpachi, brown Bluefin tuna from Spain?  it was the worst Maguro ever!  They forgot my Seared thin beef appetizer, brought the wrong salad.... What happened here?I thought I found a Sushi place other than Blowfish (my favorite).I guess I was wrong.  :( :(
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2011,3/10/2012,14,277,4,22,15>I hired Bloom Bridal to handle my hair and make-up for my wedding, along with for my 3 bridesmaids.  We were on a very strict and tight schedule for the wedding and they were very puntual.  My trial was held at the boutique with Stephanie.  Overall, she did an excellent job during both the trial and the wedding day.  Their standard wedding day make-up package comes with airbrush - so neat!!  I had some feedback from the trial and she was happy to fix them to my liking.  The only thing is that I wish my curls held up better.  One of the fixes were the curls and waves in my hair so she altered it slightly from the trial and it didn't end up holding as well.  It was a last minute change, so no biggie and not their fault.  Stephanie also did my bridesmaids' make-up and they all looked hot!!  They went for a dark eye look and it looked amazing.  She also brought an assistant who did my girls' hair and they mimicked the photos perfectly.  The girls were stunning!  Everyone said so!My only complaint is the communication with the owner, Sarah.  It was about 2-3 weeks before the wedding and I had some questions about payment (I overpaid initially but it got fixed) and wanted to lock down the final schedule.  The schedule didn't end up getting resolved until a week before the wedding.  For a stressed out bride, that was just cutting it so close.  I followed up several times asking if there was another email I could send my questions to.  Apparently, the best way to reach her was through text but I recall getting so frustrated but hey, looks like everything worked out in the end.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,3/9/2012,77,292,6,15,7>This review is for Mary Donahue's novice swim class.  My fiance promised me that if I learned how to swim, he would take me on a vacation, so I took this class and now he owes me a vacation.There are a TON of reasons to love that De Anza offers swim classes:1) Adult swim classes!  De Anza is not unique in this, but when I was looking for swim classes, I found way more children's swim classes than adult classes.2) PRICE.  The swim class is only a half credit, so it's just $6 or $7 for the class.  Add the registration fee, and the total for 8 swim classes was less than $60.3) The Olympic-sized pool and the diving pool are freaking clean!  They have professional pool cleaners come here on a regular basis to maintain the pool, and it seems like the youngest kids who do attend swim classes here are old enough to know not to pee in the water.  (Presumably.)  A swim TA commented that it wasn't "salty" like the pool at the Y for this very reason.4) They HAVE an Olympic-sized pool and diving pool!5) The pool is heated, but you only really notice this when you have to attend class on a day where it's kind of cold.  Then all you want to do is jump in the pool and stay there.  A cold day is a perfect day to practice jumping/diving into the pool.6) MARY DONAHUE IS AMAZING.  She's an incredibly charismatic and sensible swim instructor who breaks down the basics into smaller steps so the novices can follow along and not-novices can develop better technique.  She even videotaped us in the last class so that we could see what we needed to improve on (super useful!).7) Even though there are about 40 students in the class, she has lots of TAs to help out so that we get a lot of personal attention.  I'd say that the teacher/TA to student ratio was about 1:4.  And the TAs are excellent, too!8) Most of the people who started the novice class didn't know how to swim before (including your current reviewer).  I hated submerging my head underwater especially!  But I think going through the class together with a bunch of adult novices really helps new swimmers.  Everyone learns at different speeds, but even the students are helpful and supportive of each other. :)I'm not only glad that I learned how to swim, but Mary really made swimming enjoyable for me!PROTIP: if you already know the basics of swimming and are looking to learn more strokes and work on technique, don't take novice swim!  They have beginner, immediate, and advanced swim classes, too!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,3/8/2012,255,170,8,10,11>The concrete stairs on Communication Hill is the ultimate hike!Come and try to reach the top!At the top, the views are spectacular! On a clear day you can see past Santa Theresa and Almaden Valley..Bring your own water because this is not a park and there is no facilities in case you need to go!Be respectful of the neighbors and keep the notice down. Parking is what it is!So bring your friends and family out for a healthy walk if your not ready for the climb!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,3/7/2012,210,372,7,7,5>I'm not usually a breakfast eater preferring to sleep in on weekends when I have the chance, but every once in awhile I can be lured into braving the early morning cold with the promise of yummies.  Cafe San Jose has officially made it onto my short list of favorite brekkie spots.  Cafe San Jose is small, unpretentious, and their food is delicious.  I loved the casual and laid back atmosphere, it was a perfect spot to enjoy some breakfast and catch up with an old friend.  Cafe San Jose is popular, but fortunately we didn't have to wait too long for a table to open up.  My friend ordered the french toast while I had their redwood eggs benedict (a bacon, spinach, and tomato eggs benedict).  The French toast was delicious and even I couldn't resist stealing a bite, but my benedict was the best.  The salty and crispy bacon in my benedict was the perfect foil for the fattiness of the eggs and hollandaise sauce, I loved this dish.  Everything was absolutely scrumptious, and the portions here are enormous...next time I think I'll just share a plate.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,2/28/2010,830,598,16,20,15>*drum roll please*Yes, a long awaited review...I haven't written a thing for quite sometime. I'm glad I put this on hold and make it my first review of 2010.Based on my own good judgement, I found a great place to enjoy good company with a mix crowd, fairly good drinks, and hands-down eclectic music that you rarely receive around the South Bay. I usually have to put up a fight with someone, receive lack of respect from management, and dislike little alcohol poured into my mix drinks to have a good time at a bar or a club.The Cardiff Lounge brings in one of the best DJs from San Francisco to Southern California without having to spend a dime for cover charge! FREE! Very rare if you ask me, since most places ask you to pay for measly $10 or $20 for cover.If you enjoy house, electro, downtempo, funk, soulful house grooves, etc. You're in for a good time! Security are always kind and will talk to you in a friendly matter, the bartenders pour enough on the drinks and they're quick to serve, and you'll hardly see any kind of fights around here.Yes, we all know it's a lounge. There isn't much dance space to move around. Well, if you're a dancer...we all make room for each other!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,2/27/2010,540,312,6,8,11>If you think Vietnamese food is all about Pho and spring rolls, you have another thing coming and this is the perfect place to discover what else the culture really has to offer -in a fast food style. I came here initially because I was craving Che ( A Vietnamese sweet dessert beverage/pudding) all week! It was like persecution that inflicted MAJOR suffering - I had to have it! My Co-worker told me about this place plenty of times, but I didn't imagine it would be as stocked as it was. They have a plethora of Che that is served either hot or cold. I ordered the original cold Che which had beans, jelly, water chestnuts and rice cake mixed with coconut milk and i also tried the tofu and jelly Che: SO GOOD! Next time around, I'm going to have to try the Thai and Banana Che along with some of their delicious steamed bananas and sticky rice! As for many Asian places, they are Cash onry and the parking lot is tiny and very busy during lunch.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,2/26/2010,490,412,20,27,25>As I sit in the plush booth listening to flamenco music in the background, glass of Malbec in my hand and the gauchos and passadors parading around, I think...I'm in Brazil or Argentina, and I'm auditioning for the Travel Channel's Tony Bourdain's job.Decorations on the wall take you back to the pampas, but since I've never been there, I just have to imagine it.  With every bite I say "oh yeah...that's good...mmm...now that's good"...and wash it down with the aforementioned Malbec.  The owner of the restaurant, Nancy, checks in with us periodically to give us a rundown of the dishes and does her marketing research.  Unlike Mr. Bourdain, the only smoking that will be done tonight is the food...and lots of it.It's about time we have a Churrascaria (that's Portuguese for Brazilian steakhouse) in San Jose.   Off to the left of the main dining room is the buffet table, with about 30 items to indulge in.  I pass over the routine stuff, but my eye zeroed in on a few items that nobody in their right mind should never go back to their table without...that's the quinoa salad, the beet salad, and the cornbread so good  that will have you talking about it for days.  This buffet alone will cost $35, but you will be a fool to stop here.Get the full meal and you'll be in meat heaven.  Turn the indicator to green, and here come the passadors with endless rodizios of meat.  Pork sausage...short ribs...turkey...chicken...bacon wrapped filet mignon...top sirloin...flank steak...tri tip...and my favorites, Pichanha (top sirloin cap) and rib eye.  The passador will soon figure out your preference and will cook your rodizio to your liking.Turn the indicator to red, take a break, and go at it again.  And again.  And again.  I'll be back, that's for sure.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,2/25/2010,879,323,25,31,27>I had never gotten my eyebrows threaded before, but had only heard about it.  It had been described to me a few times, but I still couldn't quite picture how it worked.  My friend went in to get threaded, and I was quite intrigued by watching the process!  After watching my friend get her eyebrows done, I thought, "What the heck," slapped down $10, and got mine threaded too.  It was quick, painless, and left me eyebrows very cleanly taken care of.  She didn't ruin the shape, and all the annoying little hairs that you can't get from tweezing were gone.  Not sure if I would pay to do this regularly, but I must say I had a pleasant first experience.  Fast, painless, and Uma was very friendly in assuring me she would do a good job and answering my questions.  I am not really a girly girl, but every once in a while, it's nice to pick one or two things off of the list of possible things to do on a "girls' day," along with pedis, cocktails, and of course, pigging out.  ;)
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,2/24/2010,733,936,13,20,17>I saw this place open up a few months ago. Such a random location, right in the middle of the parking lot of a strip mall.  I've seen traffic here quite often and the good reviews have been piling up.Finally found some time to go here on a crisp Saturday afternoon.  It was windy and chilly and the smoke coming from the real wood-burning oven was inviting.  Like so many others, I ordered the prime rib dip with onions and cheese.  I haven't had it without onions and cheese, but let me tell you that the extra $.50 per topping was worth the experience.The prime rib was smoky, tender and flavorful.  The jus was a bit salty, but full of body and aroma.  It went perfectly with the sandwich, although I wish the bread would be just a tad more substantial and chewy to stand up to the jus.The service was a bit slow but they had just opened and things were getting warmed up still.  It's a bit pricey at about $10.50 for a prime rib sandwich with the aforementioned accoutrements.  The place is tiny and seats about 15-20.  No matter in this case as I took mine to go.I am definitely coming here again, but am sad to only find this place weeks before moving away.  I'll come back for this as I don't know where else this exists in the Bay Area, and I'll still be working in the South Bay.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,2/23/2010,1335,1550,8,16,12>Small cute sized place. Clean and they have my favorite red tiles. Very pleasant man behind the counter.This is my first time here and I tried the Lamb Souvlaki. There was a good amount of lamb in it. I like it. It was a tad messy for me but I survived it! It had tons of onions that I set aside. Lots of freshly diced tomatoes to top it. Wrapped around the gorgeous meat was the wrap it came in.  i'm a messy eater with wraps :) Price: $6.10Company had the Lamb Gyros. It was the same as mine except the meat was thinly sliced. Still with an equally nice portion of meat and lots of onions and fresh diced tomatoes. With a different type of less messy sauce but equally delicious. Price: $5.25.I love the way they set up their Menu Board. There is a picture with every numbered menu on it. Aside from my question re: what makes a Gyro different from a Souvlaki- the rest was pretty self explanatory.Snapple $1.40.Tons of parking at 2 something pm. I will be back. I was eyeing the soup and want to give it a try since I'm on a soup mode for a while now.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,2/22/2010,163,368,7,14,10>I don't know how I hadn't made it out to this place before.  This is my crafty mecca!  Sewing, knitting, needlework... you name it, Bobbin's Nest has it!  I had been looking into knitting classes and stumbled upon this place on Yelp.  I signed up for their mailing list before visiting, and wouldn't you know it, received an email about an inventory sale for the New Year.  I decided to go in and check it out.  As I just started knitting, I had TONS of questions, and the staff was ridiculously helpful.  The owner showed me the difference between the yarns they carried and some books that would provide good starter projects.  I purchased a bunch of yarn which they wound up for me at the register.  They don't only have yarn, but a great selection of fabrics that you won't find in your typical JoAnn's.  I don't know all of the brands but they had some great Amy Butler fabric and patterns, as well as many others.  I could spend hours in this place and hope to take some classes there soon.  They had great needlepoint patterns - not the stuff your grandma would make.  That may have to be my next skill to learn.  If you're crafty (or want to be) definitely check this place out!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2009,2/21/2010,545,312,21,22,20>Ich fühlte mich wie ich zurück in Deutschland!Enough said!The first thing most people notice is the liter beers!  I loved seeing those tankards again - brought back many a fond memory of my time in Bavaria (oh, that brings back many memories...  ah, but we digress!!)$9 for a liter Spaten Oktoberfest - Ja, natürlich!  Decor was mildly European - kind of Montana hunting lodge meets old world European charm - reminds me of those truck commercials with Chuck Norris and the ladies drinking high tea...  deer heads mounted on the walls in the Victorian room (no idea why there's a Victorian room in a German restaurant... hello, newsflash... Germany LOST the war!!!)I'd like to go back in warmer weather to check out the beer garden - looks very much like the biergartens where I lost my innocence, and half my thinking capacity, and most of my athletic ability, and all of my free time - (OK, I think you get the picture)OK, enough of that small talk.  Let's talk food.  Yes, German food!  Unlike a lot of people, I do enjoy a good hearty German meal (OK, I'm not crazy about the bread with a density approaching that of titanium but all else)I really wanted the Bavarian favorite -  Weisswurst - white sausage - but couldn't find it.  Initially, I was impressed with this - it is not usually served after lunch time in Germany.  But they did not have it - period!  Hmmm, disappointing!  Bavarian restaurant - FAIL.So, I settled for the "Jägerschnitzel mit unserer speziellen Pilzoe und Spätzle" - a pork cutlet that was breaded and fried, it comes with a white wine sauce, mushrooms and is served with noodles - it was $19 and could easily feed two, unless you're very hungry.  It was good but nothing spectacular.  I'll probably try something else the next time.My buddy had the "Kassler Rippchen mit Kartoffelsalat und Sauerkraut" - a $18 smoked pork cutlet, potato salad and sauerkraut (which I don't like at all!!!) - the cutlet was delicious - the smokiness was rich and delectable!  I'd definitely recommend it to anyone.We passed on dessert - next time maybe.  Between the meat and the two liters of beer (or yeah, we ordered another round somewhere in between the food) - I was stuffed and had to roll myself to the car.OK, this place will surely get my repeat business - especially once the biergarten's open - I can't wait to try it again.  Food is a bit pricey but OK for the ambiance and the whole "Ja, mein herr" experience that goes with it.  To any of my Deutsch loving friends willing to join me, Prost!  4 stars!# 41
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2009,2/20/2010,290,302,24,23,22>It's not technical. It's not single track. But it will get your heart going. And you might see some decent cougar action. Park your car downtown under the Banana Republic car park since it has no 2hr limit. Cycle over the freeway, take a right at the Purple Onion., followed by another right at the t-junction, then cycle up the road till you hit the gate where the trail head starts. Next? Thats easy... 10 Peddle.20 Breath.30 Sweat.40 Goto 10I hope all you geeks like my basic programming skills. Back to the review...There's two or three different routes up to the top. Whatever way you take, you'll end at the top in a nice open expanse where you 'll be rewarded with a stunning view all the way up to SF - assuming it's a clear day and your eyesight is good. Don't go at the weekends because it's jam packed with locals walking, running and biking. Also... Don't speed on the way down or you'll get a ticket from the cop/ranger hiding behind the gate with his radar gun. It's very hard to go under 40mph down that hill. Never mind 15mph.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,2/19/2010,264,401,15,15,15>I was finally in the south bay with no pre-made food plans, so wanted to try Orenchi's for an early dinner. Yelp's listing incorrectly has the restaurant opening everyday at 5.  We got there a little after 5 after circling the Kyo Po plaza thinking it was there. It shares the abandoned looking parking lot with club Avalon. We ended up being early since the shop didn't open until 5:30. No line formed outside as I'd expected, but as soon as the shop's doors opened about 5 other cars' doors opened and customers rushed inside. These people know what's up. Within 15 minutes, the dining room (capacity 40?) was full and there were about 20 others packed in the waiting room. There were some customers who sat down, ordered right away, were quickly served their ramen, and left within 20 minutes. That's how it should be done. The staff was quick, efficient, and friendly. Don't go messing with their rhythm by going with your 10 BFF's, by looking over the menu for more than a few minutes, or by asking for a dessert menu. Eat your ramen and GTFO!But since it was my first time and I've never been to Sumika, I wanted to try some of the appetizers too.  We had:Cold Chicken Skin - I was just talking about chicken skin in my Hard Knox review. The dish had thinly sliced pieces of skin served with a light ponzu dressing. It didn't taste fatty at all. Chicken Karaage - fried chicken that's not too oily, kinda bland though...  would have preferred a little salt n pepa:  ah push it mmmhmmm.Ume Suisho - umeboshi (pink, pickled, plum-like) with shark cartilage and shiso leaf.  Umeboshi and shiso is one of my new fave combos and I loved it with the crunchy texture of the cartilage. Orenchi Ramen - Tonkotsu broth with slow cooked egg marinated in soy sauce which has that perfect slightly runny yolk. Shoyu Ramen - I was a little disappointed at first by the thinner noodles, but they had the perfect chewiness . I didn't get an egg though. Overall, it was delicious with a good broth base.  Portion size for me was fine but we did have time to go to Santouka and the guys each had another bowl of ramen.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,11/13/2011,290,302,19,13,11>I like meat. I like red meat. I like red meat that is displayed in floor to ceiling glass fronted fridges... Ergo, I like Alexanders. JZ took me here for my 40th and I have to say it was my first time dining at a Michelin starred Steakhouse. I'm not going to give a 1000 word essay on what we ate - needless to say everything was delicious, the service was impeccable and the wine list extraordinary. Highly recommended. Save up your pennies, pimp your granny out & sell your kids. Do whatever you can to walk past that 7ft wall of luscious red marbley flesh.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,11/12/2011,3171,1316,15,22,24>**JAPANESE FUSION OF HOLY GOODNESS**Luckily, Colleen made advance reservations, so there was no wait.Casual Japanese dining ambiance.We sat at an actual table without having to take off our shoes. Our friends brought their two well-behaved children and we ordered the following:*HAMACHI CARPACCIO - 8 slices of heaven. Loved this one. My absolute favorite with the ginger and light garlic oil sauce. Super fresh and delightful.*BUTA KAKUNI (soy braised side pork) - Very home-made dish with beautiful pork flavors and sauce. Would go with a bowl of white rice.*YAKI ONIGIRI (crispy rice balls) w/ salmon topping - Another excellent tapa. The slight crunchiness of the rice ball was perfect. And the salmon topping added a great flavor bonus.*MENTAI KINOKO PIZZA - Seafood pizza? OMG, it was good. Cod and crab with mushrooms and cheese was brilliant blending. Thank you! *AIGAMO TATKI (duck w/ mustard) - Another fantastic tapa. The duck was seared and marinated perfectly. The spicy karashi mustard (wasabi-like) was a wonderful dipping sauce.*CLAY POT w/ EEL - Wow, this was my favorite clay pot. Seriously good. The crispy bottom rice was divine. With the eel, fusion heaven in my mouth.*CLAY POT w/ PORK and broth - The rice and pork tasted dry WITHOUT the broth. But WITH the broth, insanely GOOD.Total was $122 for 4 adults and 2 kids with no alcohol. Around $35 PP. Not bad; especially for the quality of food.Service was awesome. Friendly, receptive, and on-point.Who knew it was THIS good?!HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,11/11/2011,556,284,9,12,10>I finally got the chance to experience BC. Here's what to expect:-Expect a long wait especially on a weekend.-Enjoy the beach harbor-like theme decor and graffiti walls, it's definitely an interior with character.-You can choose your level of spiciness for your 1-5+ lb bag of seafood from blue crabs, king, snow crabs, oysters, lobster, crawfish to shrimp and clams. -Pick a seasoning from cajun, lemon pepper, garlic butter or the sha-banggg for all of the above. The flavors are goOOod~-Can add in extras from corn on the cob, sausages to potatoes.-Side of sweet potato or cajun fries or rice.  I always gotta get my side of rice!  I tried the cajun fries they were just okay.-Water is not free they charge 0.25?!..  Tap water?  Soda is a $2 with only 1 refill;  In terms of alcohol just beer.-Service is friendly, requests were made in a timely manner-You will get down and dirty and eat with your hands so don't wear white or your favorite shirt.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,11/10/2011,146,142,6,9,9>I was feeling kinda blue yesterday. Stressful work week topped off by missing the SF Giant's home opener because of said lame work week. So, when it came to deciding where to dine out I needed something fun. Something different. Something to chase my blues away. Well, BBY successfully cheered me right up!What chased my blues away last night you ask? Let me tell you:***********************CAJUN FOOD************************************~ Cute, little, delicious cornbread muffins with some hidden jalapenos inside for a kick. Watch out...addictive.~ Fried Pickles....say what??? Must admit, my fav!~Spicy Jambalaya~Swamp Water - YUM! Basically a Long Island Iced Tea touched up with some Louisiana charm and sure to make everything more cheery.***********************SERVICE WITH A SMILE*************************Southern hospitality style service. Definitely felt more like friends than a customer/server relationship. Our server was named Savannah. Even if it was made up, how adorable is that?!?***********************LIVE ZYDECCO MUSIC**************************Live music put EVERYONE in a good mood. The band was so much fun! If you get a chance, check 'em out! I don't know of many places where you can dine and get live music in the South Bay. Awesome!zydecovoodoo.com/index.hDefinitely a new favorite spot. We were already talking about taking some family & friends there soon. Thank you BBY for turning my frown upside down ; )
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,11/9/2011,428,2224,14,15,14>This place is noisy, small and intimate.. and I love it. Lots of crusty bread with oil, vinegar and garlic.... Their homemade fettucine pasta with pesto tastes amazing the day after... Lots of scampi if you add it to their pastas which is a plusSunday gravy is definitely not veggie friendly and for meat lovers Polenta was perfectTheir tiramisu is floofy, rich, sinful and comes with a liquored cherry Great customer service and reasonable prices. Negatives....Parking If you don't get there early enough be prepared to wait an hour plus... you can always go to lulu's across the street and get some coffee and a snack. This place is always packed on the weekends.... -------- Getting it to go by passes the huge wait lines!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,11/7/2011,396,103,7,15,9>This place is a real gem. If you're looking for an affordable and relaxing day getaway/ mini vacation, this is an excellent place to visit. The venue is made up of two parts: the massage rooms and the jacuzzi/sauna rooms. I love the couples package ($180), which consists of 1-hour long full body sweedish massages for each person and then 1-hour long in the jacuzzi/sauna room with your sweetheart (a great price for a 2 hour session). Usually, they start you off with the massage. Prior to entering into your massage, you are given a little basket with a robe and some slippers, which you change into after your massage, making it easier to go from the massage to the jacuzzi. The massage therapists at the Tea House are very talented. I've had my best massages here and always feel like a new woman when they are done working their magic. Depending on who you have, sometimes you are given the choice of what type of scented massage oil you'd like. I usually choose either the Lavender scented oil or Eucalyptus. They are very good about asking you to point out trouble areas and whether or not the pressure is good enough or if you'd prefer a more firm touch. I think it's wonderful when you're able to communicate with your therapist and they are often very good at listening and giving you the exact treatment you want and deserve.The jacuzzi/sauna room is my favorite. The venue is very clean, they take the time to clean the jacuzzi and the rooms before and after every customer. There's a shower with soap and shampoo provided so you can wash up before getting into the jacuzzi. I love the open window to the "wild-like atmosphere" in their backyard. There's a gorgeous view of bamboo trees, plants, rocks and true nature. You forget that you're actually in the heart of downtown Santa Cruz. The privacy is also very great. In addition, they offer you a teapot of your choice of hot tea and some ice water to take with you when you go to the jacuzzi. It's a great relaxing experience.  I would definitely recommend this place to all! It's great for birthdays, anniversaries, weekend getaway, etc. You definitely get what you pay for and you feel amazing when you leave :)
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,11/6/2011,339,280,5,9,6>The food here is definitely not great but I think I really enjoy eating here because its unique. I like the shabu shabu style of dining here where you cook your food in different broths. I love their extra spicey flavored broth, it really goes well with everything. They can definitely do better with the meat grill though. I'm used to the nice Korean grills at the table for meats. Here at hot pot city its a little difficult to cook meat and the grill gets dirty really fast. Note: Definitely not a place you would want to wear a nice outfit. You smell worse coming out than a Korean BBQ restaurant. You'll reek!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2011,11/5/2011,601,744,6,9,10>Love stoppin' in at Pizza Antica whenever I find myself in the Santana Row neighborhood. My last visit we arrived around 2:15pm and the wait was still about 45 minutes. We hung out outside and the weather was alright so it went by fast people-watching.We were sat inside and surrounded by mostly people who looked like they were born to breed. Babies everywhere!!! Don't any of these people work?!? (I'm not HATIN'.. I'm just sayin.. HOW CAN I BE DOWN?!?!?! LOL).What we swallowed:- CAESAR SALAD: Large leaves of cold, crisp romaine with really crunchy croutons. Not too heavy on the dressing but packed good flavor.- STEAMED MANILA CLAMS: These came with some type of bread that was overburdened with some type of cheese that was just too much. I just ripped the cheese topping off and the bread and herbs were better for dipping in the clam broth without it being overbearing.- SAUSAGE AND MUSHROOM PIZZA: Yum! Thin crust, crispy, and had really good flavors, not too spicy but just tasty all around.Topped it all off with a glass of merlot.Prices that you would expect in this area....Good service, great company and great food.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,11/4/2011,1596,841,17,21,21>For the record, this guy is more in front of the liqour store next door than in front of the Red Baron. I wasted SO MUCH TIME looking for him around the Red Baron, I would drive around the outside perimeter on McKee and U-turn back onto the freeway, disappointed, until one pandafied day, my boyfriend told me to park and we'd go look for him on foot. Well, I gave up after going to the front entrance of the Red Baron, but he went a little further and found him for me. So yeah, DELICIOUS. Especially on a Saturday night doing the randomness things in San Jose. It brings me back to those warm fuzzy days of being saved by a bacon wrapped hot dog in LA. Yeah, those were the days.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,11/3/2011,2665,2597,14,17,17>I have to say this place is top notch not only because of the food but also because of the service. The owner / manager there is super nice, and he's always more than happy to give you extras of all kinds. You can customize your cheesesteak to the very last drop of sauce and cheese on it.You can also get a stamp card and if you're a student it's like 10% off! (or I may be lying, it is some percentage of...)They have curly fries. YES FROM MIDDLE SCHOOL! I love this little joint, open late, not packed, food is always fresh not like ... pre-cooked and soggy. Prices are reasonable and the stamp card is awesome. On Mondays/Tues they have double stamp days too ... win your way quickly to a free cheesesteak.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2006,11/28/2006,24,0,6,6,5>It's still early and I have breakfast on my mind. Actually, come to think of it, I always have breakfast on my mind. It's definitely the best meal of the day. And, don't even get me started on how cereal is NOT actually breakfast. That discussion can cause me to explode into fits of indiscriminate violence. Consider yourselves warned.During my sojourn to the Bay last week, I was in no condition to wake up for any breakfast, but at my friend's nagging insistence, I was convinced to be up by noon so we could get to St. Michael's Alley. My friends know me well: I love me some sleep, but I love me some good eats even more. Just thought I'd share in case you guys ever need to manipulate me in the future. Oh, and I like beautiful women, too. In case, you REALLY need to manipulate me. I'd heard a lot about the Bluemonkey pancakes, which are a mixture of blueberry and banana, and they were excellent. The batter wasn't too thick and the pancakes came out with just the right texture. But, for my money, it was all about the special of the day: the spicy apple combo. I can't be sure what the "spice" was, but my GOD, it was good. It definitely woke me right up, which is no small feat on a lazy Sunday afternoon. As good as the pancakes were, though, I'm really more of an egg person. I figure I need to raise my cholesterol while I'm young and live a life of regret later, cause let's face it, if you have no regrets when you're old, you failed while you were young. I'm all about repenting later in life for the sins of your youth. So, next time, I have a date with the Eggs Benedict. They looked dee-lish!St. Michael's also had a really interesting waitress: she was probably new, cause every time we asked her for something, she had to go ask another waiter for confirmation before getting back to us. That made things kind of awkward when I asked for her number... No, no, I'm kidding. She just gave me a firm no and moved on. I could have done without her openly laughing in my face, though. Cause, like I said, it was still early. Had I been fully alert, and turned on the Jehan Charm (TM), things would have worked out very differently. Really. (If you have no clue what I'm talking about, read this: yelp.com/biz/7o5ShTclrAf )Like I said, make mistakes now, regret them later. It's the Jehan way.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2006,11/27/2006,930,548,,5,4>I have lived in Willow Glen for about two years now, and I have never been here. That is, until last night. What in the hell took me so long?I've driven by this place, i don't know... maybe 500 times, and have never seemed to notice it's existence. It's not the easiest place to find. From the outside this place looks like a shack of sorts. Something you might not ever want to eat at. But that's all just a front. This retaurant is one of those places that is beautiful on the inside... and when I say inside... I'm referring to their food. The decor is not that cute either. :)Anyway... I ordered the Chicken Saag, and B ordered the Chicken Coriander. I didn't mind, but it took a little while for the food to come out... the presentation was beautiful. The food delicious. And it was a lot of food. You could possibly say that this is some of the best indian food that I have ever had... keeping in mind that I have only been to about 10 indian restaurants my whole life. I will definitely be back.Excellent Indian food in Willow Glen. 5 Stars.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2006,11/26/2006,108,292,14,6,3>I come here for lunch primarily for their prodigious selection of donburis. These range from your standard, garden-variety Katsudon to Unagi (eel) and salmon to concoctions like the [Korean] BBQ beef with Kimchee donburi! Delicious!I'd recommend rolling up early with reservations or after 12:30 to miss the brunt of the lunch rush!!  Oh, and make sure you wear clean socks and and have washed your feet recently. You don't wanna make the other kindly patrons lose their appetite from the funkified "fromage" wafting from your peds when you take off your shoes to sit down in the low Horigotatsu style tables!!Hey, I'm just watching out for everyone!! 4 Stars!!!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2006,11/25/2006,541,156,2,5,5>FABULOUS experience here!Highly recommend this store if you're looking for cool shoes at a great price!My dear daughter needed some new tennies. She found a pair she liked, yet they did not have her size available.The wonderful salesperson, Mike said he could order them online through HQ and the tennies would be delivered to our doorstep! Cool!The tennies arrived as promised!There was another salesperson working that day and both sales guys were very friendly and funny and chatted with us while the online transaction was being processed.  We had a great time shopping there and left the store wearing huge smiles!...Happy shoppers indeed!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2006,11/23/2006,645,301,,20,12>Oh nooooooo... we're all yelping about it. I guess it was inevitable. I'll kiss this hidden sanctuary good bye. (mmm-WAH). Talk about taking one for the team!If you've never been to Thailand and want to sample a feel of what it might be like - head to this Wat on Sunday. If you have been to Thailand and want to go back but can't afford to... get in your car and drive over to Fremont for this authentic Thai experience. You'll be glad you did. My Thai friend Jinni, shared this place with me about three years ago. We'd all head over on Sundays to purchase great food that is made to order, just like you'd find in Thailand. Then we'd sit under the shade of the trees and eat lunch, chat and relax. The food is amazing. PadThai, sticky rice, BBQ chicken, all the many sticky rice desserts, the spicy soup, the paypaya salad... I could go on.Oh and the ambiance... the beautiful temple, the monks, the thai children running around the courtyard playing, the trees and the peaceful aura that only a place like this could exude. It's bliss. It really is.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2006,11/22/2006,0,0,5,3,2>Come and knock on our door....We've been waiting for you....Ok, so you don't come here for the ambience unless you're looking for the Regal Beagle. You come here for the amazing food! Salads: excellentRice: very goodGround beef kabob: not so muchChicken: tender and savoryHummus: lovelyPita bread: soft and warmLahmajun: WHOA. Better get 2 or 3 next time.Service was very friendly and accomodating.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2006,11/21/2006,6,30,4,3,4>I come from place where you can play "I Spy a Mullet", at Alice's you can not only play "I Spy a Mullet"  but the even better "I Spy a Handle Bar Moustache."  Alice's is a biker hangout and it is so fun to sit around drinking beer (I prefer the house blonde ale), eating garlic fries and people watching.  I went on a gorgeous sunny Sunday afternoon and there were literally hundreds of bikes and bikers to "spy" on.The food is your standard greasy spoon fare at a reasonable price.  The garlic fries are fantastic.  The service is pleasantly sassy, prompt to take your order but slow to get your food because the kitchen is the size of a postage stamp.  We sat outside so we could check out the bikes and watch people roll in and out.  But the inside is truly endearing, it looks like it hasn't changed since the 1950s.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2006,11/20/2006,0,0,5,4,1>Wow, my boyfriend--long a Supercuts customer--just got back from Tony at Mitri. He looks like a supermodel... no, a rock star... no, a super-hot engineer (which he is).  Thanks, Tony!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2006,11/19/2006,558,487,5,5,5>J&J is pretty good, but could use a better name and color scheme so as not be confused with the more well-known Hawaiian plate lunch franchise that resides just two letters down in the alphabet.The place is clean and the food was good, but i doubt i'll go back there because I'm rarely in Cupertino these days.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2006,11/18/2006,61,88,1,5,3>there are three dentists that work in this office - cox, miranda and wu.  i've had all of them take a look at my teeth at one point or another.  all are fantastic.  they all give excellent dental advice, never really pressuring me unlike some dentists i've had in the past.  dr. wu had to perform this marathon operation on my back molar to fix this monumental cavity (i blame the wisdom tooth that made it hard to brush that area).  he and his assistant totally dominated the operation.  they give either a 5 or 10% discount if you pay the day of your appointment.  another 5 or 10% off if you're a student.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,9/19/2014,127,172,18,12,8>I am fortunate enough to come to this studio fairly regularly with two little boys, ages 4 and 6, who love going here. Like all children, sometimes they drag their feet coming here (why not stay home and play with trucks and iPads?) but every time we leave, they tell me how glad they are I encouraged them to go and how excited they were to learn new skills. Coming here has been great for them, especially the 6 year old. He tends to be a tactile learner, he has lots of energy, and he can have a difficult time releasing his energy without getting too exited and losing control of his excitement. Tae Kwon Do has provided the perfect outlet for him to get his "wiggles" out in a very controlled way. This is exactly what he needs. I notice a big change in his focus, energy level, and control after he leaves class. Even he has observed that he "feels better" after he goes. I've never taken the boys to a class where Master Fanelli wasn't leading himself. Yes, he has some of the more advanced belt students there helping, but this makes sense because teaching others is how more advanced students practice their skills and advance further. From what I've observed, this only gives the younger students more one-on-one attention, which is great. I've also noticed sometimes the younger kids have an easier time practicing skills when it's been explained a second time by someone closer to their age. I haven't personally encountered a problem with billing. I'm sure the staff here would be happy to address any concerns if I had them. So why doesn't this studio only have 5-star reviews? Oh boy, where do I begin? Well I hate to generalize, but I can usually tell when someone is likely to write a bad Yelp review for Master Fanelli and his studio. It starts in the parking lot. Little Timmy is throwing a tantrum about wanting to go get ice cream instead of going to Tae Kwon Do, and without once looking up from your smartphone, you assure him in an almost baby talk coo that you'll take him after class. During class, you cringe when Master Fanelli firmly reminds Timmy that he must respond with "yes, sir" when spoken to and you fidget uncomfortably when he scolds Timmy for not following directions. Your final straw comes when Timmy is restricted from game time for breaking the rules one too many times. Isn't that rather UNFAIR? Timmy was simply being a typical precocious child! His questions weren't being answered. His feelings weren't being considered. He should still be rewarded for participation. I'm paying you a lot of money to make sure his needs are met! I'm taking my money elsewhere, where the customer is always right!!! Opinions like the one dramatized above reinforce exactly why the Los Gatos area so desperately needs a space like All Pro Tae Kwon Do and an instructor like Master Fanelli. Life doesn't always offer you a comfortable, positive, exciting environment in which to thrive. Sometimes life is demanding, difficult, and disciplined, and thriving in this kind of environment is actually all the more satisfying because it was a challenge. This studio offers the perfect space for young ones to prepare for this aspect of life. I don't want my two little friends to be happy all the time; I want them to feel prepared for life's challenges and proud of themselves for facing them and working through them. This sense of accomplishment is key to their self-esteem and their success. This is why I am so grateful for Master Fanelli and his studio.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/18/2014,293,44,24,24,23>Declare today a cheat day.Walk into JSJ. When prompted, book a table with a grill.Arrange a lineup of 1-2 orders of marinated short ribs per person. No, that's not too much. Yes, you'll surprise yourself with how quickly and easily you'll inhale this stuff.Enjoy the banchan spread as you eagerly await commencement of the grill-fest. Order extra japchae and cabbage salad. Loosen your belt buckle in preparation for the meat Olympics.When the meat arrives at the table, relish the savory aroma of the Korean marinade. Go on, close your eyes. Take it all in. Let the sweet, sweet smell of fatty short rib goodness tickle your schnoz and whet your appetite. Let your table's assigned ahjumma do her thing, and when she's done, dig in. Try to remember to take breaths in between your bites.A sudden silence blankets the table. The char-stained grills are empty and the plates, once piled high with short ribs, have been licked clean. Now comes the time for you to shake your chopstick-wielding fist triumphantly as you emerge the victor in this episode of Man vs. Food ft. You (300 Spartan roar optional).You've now earned your red and blue yin and yang; go home and take the best nap of your life.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,9/17/2014,94,235,24,30,27>This is one of the tastiest places to eat in the area!!  It's quick, filling, cheap and delicious as all hell!I often stop by for lunch and it's always packed with long lines (which is a good sign for them and us).  No worries, though, for it moves rather quickly.  The ordering process is rather confusing because you have to line up twice: once to order then again to pick up your food...and, oh, don't lose your receipt!  You'll need to show it to the lady who prepares your food.On my first visit, I ordered the falafel sandwich and OH EM GEE...it was amazing!!! Light and crispy falafel balls lay comfortably in a fluffy pita pocket with freshly diced vegetables as companions and a generous amount of tahini sauce draped around them.  I requested chillis on my sandwich for that spicy kick, but honestly, I barely tasted any spiciness at all, so ask for extra if you love dat Heat ;)Their hummus plate is also really delicious!  It's a huge portion and served with one fluffy pita bread on the side.  Although I highly recommend their falafel sandwich, it's really their hummus that made me a loyal addict to this place.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,9/16/2014,1335,1550,23,32,31>Excellent place in d/t San Jose. This review is mainly for the HH experience I had with some friends.We sat outside on a warm sunny day. It was a great day to try this new place that I always walked by and wonder. See this is next door to Philz Coffee and I'm forever  a fly on the wall there. I had their sparkling wine, the Torrentes from Argentina., their cocktail Red Vyne Rumba and some beers. Food from the HH menu: What stood out for me was their goat cheese and olive plates mixed in with some caprese bites. I do understand why some Yelpers made some remarks about the food portion. It is slightly on the leaner side as in small/few. I do agree. Service that day was excellent and fun. The owner came to say hi and followed by our very amiable male server who was on point and totally cute!:) What I haven't decided if I will order again was the Suya.(Taste of Africa) it's beef seasoned with lightly toasted African spices and ground peanut, baked and served with cherry tomatoes and red onion. It just didn't do it for me. The taste wasn't quite there. It wasn't  bland but it wasn't tasty either. Almost flat and boring.I'll definitely go back to try their Sunday brunch and check out the inside. Not bad at all. See you soon Vyne!
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,9/15/2014,1070,862,8,15,16>In case you haven't heard... Blue Line is full of this thing called WIN!Hands down the best deep dish that I've ever had in the area. My husband and I like to order the Greek Pizza as a deep dish ( sun dried tomatoes, kalamata olives, feta, spinach, roasted garlic, and add sausage and peperoni. So incredibly tasty! My daughter is a purist, and sticks to pepperoni thin crust, but my little man does not discriminate. He is not picky, and will tear up some deep dish. You cannot go wrong with any of the starters:The bacon and Blue salad rocks! Bacon and Gorgonzola, caramelized red onions, tomatoes, and blue cheese dressing. The spicy chicken wings at Blue Line are not the basic sauce drenched little things with mostly skin and no meat that you might be accustomed to receiving from your usual pizza joint. These properly sized wings dry rubbed, juicy, with a crunchy skin. The little carrot pieces and blue cheese dip are mostly for decoration. These wings are stand alone pieces. Spicy Meatballs are scrumptious! Tender balls of meat and roasted tomatoes in a savory marinara. DIVINE! Garlic bread is so fluffy with crisp edges, topped with gooey cheese. Melt in your mouth delicious! The roasted peppers and chevre dip are off the hook! I have a slight obsession with goat cheese, so I always request extra dip. If you have a goat cheese addiction, you may want to do the same. Parking and getting a table in a timely manner can be a bit tricky at peak times. My friends and I usually coordinate and save each other space at the bar while we wait for a table. They have a full bar, and some great brews on tap. My usual is the Sculpin. If you have children in tow- there is a super cool toy store next door that you can check out while waiting for your table. Blue Line is totally kid friendly and they offer crayons/coloring pages, as well as a children's menu.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,9/14/2014,20,19,13,16,14>Wow, this place might be a strong contender for my new favorite sushi place in the Bay. I recently discovered this place through its stellar Yelp rating and through my sisters constant yearning to go here (even though she's been here 3 times already...) Mizu is a Japanese sushi restaurant run by Koreans, providing a little twist on the fusion food that they serve. You would expect the sushi to be subpar, but WOW the sushi is good. This place is very near Santana Row, and I know what you're all thinking.. There IS a Santana Roll...The place looks kinda lame from the outside and almost missed it while turning onto Winchester, but as soon as you step inside, you're faced with a "clubby" atmosphere -- it's really dark, lit with some cool looking club lights and lightup "Mizu" plaques all around. ("It's so fancy, you already know") Well it is a sushi/alcohol bar soOo... Either way, the customer service was awesome, the waiters, although they couldn't speak english fluently, were veery polite and made us feel very comfortable. They sat us at an elevated booth (it made us feel really cool and superior), although there are bar style seats and regular tables. We had 5 people in our group and the wait time was around 15 minutes; we came at 5:45 (45 minutes after opening) and we STILL had to wait. Is this place really that good?We ordered a Spicy Tuna Salad ($12.95), and since our family is SUPER ASIAN, we went crazy on rolls ordering a Winchester Roll ($10.95), a LoveMeTuna Roll ($13.95), a Yami Yami Roll ($15.95) (It was also very Yummy Yummy!!), a Mango Madness Roll ($13.95), a Crazy Dragon Roll ($14.95), a Butterfly Roll ($14.95), a Super Spider Roll ($15.95). Everything was presented beautifully (check the photos), except for the Winchester -- it wasn't even picture-worthy :( They all had very distinct flavors and had very "in your face" flavors that basically kicked you in the face every bite. The one downside was that all the rolls were extremely salty (what else did I expect, though?). Going through around 5-7 glasses of water, I felt like a thirsty white girl in the club...Check out photos of everything we ate! yelp.com/biz_photos/mizuI would give a detailed explanation on each dish that we ordered, but honestly that would take too long and no one would read it anyways. But, out of what we ordered, I definitely recommend the:          - LoveMeTuna Roll ($13.95) - It had tuna. But it was white. White Tuna.          - Yami Yami Roll ($15.95) - It was a deepfried roll of love          - Mango Madness Roll ($13.95) - Who doesn't like mango on sushi?!I honestly didn't expect this great of food from a Korean-run Japanese restaurant, but damn, I'm impressed. I'll definitely be coming back here in the future.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,9/13/2014,28,92,7,13,8>The service here is fantastic. It's obviously family run and they are very proud of their food (as they should be, it's delicious). They also want to be sure every single patron is happy and leaves with a full belly!Bread, pita, manakeesh, desserts -- all made on site! And they're ALL delicious. I haven't been able to pull myself away from ordering the beef kebab yet to try the falafels, but they're next on my list. Seriously check this place out. Service is top notch. Food is outstanding.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,9/12/2014,146,355,17,21,15>Mind blown. It's rare because I'm usually the one blowing minds, so cheers to a special five stars five dollah not so average typical 10 inches of pure banh mi food coma food porn all the instagram hashtag goodness of a sandwich. Phat Tri's been booked on my yelp for ages because who can turn down a dinosaur sized banh mi at the price of 5 dollars. I mean, I thought Ba Le was cheap and good, but whoaaaaaa, Phat Tri really has their game in place. Right off the Maclaughlin Exit on 280 so you don't even really have to drive down Story Rd in all that glorious traffic. It's in a run down plaza next to a water place, with some restaurtants, but the sign on the store is huge and can't be missed! Every time I go, there's amply parking in the lot so no worries about that. Plus you're in and out in a jiffy. Walk inside, and you're surrounded by so much food! It's jammed packed with food from the bottom to the top of the wall, all over the walls, in between the isles, in the fridge in the box I mean everywhere that you turn, there's some sort of food and everything is for sale! Majority is canned goods from different places and there's so many options. They change the layout and products each time I come! The best part besides the sandwich is that this is ONE of the only places that I've EVER found that actually sells PATE and BO (the mayo) to the public in containers. It's made fresh and all in the fridge for anybody to purchase. They also sell the cold cuts in fridge, shredded squid, homemade jerky, the banh mi bread, so many things. It's like a kid in a foodmax version of a vietnamese store. The sandwich.. here's the run down for somebody whose never been: -nobody pays attention to you even if you're standing right there-the sandwich options are to your upper right with prices and meat choices-CASH ONLY-It comes in a paper bag with TWO sandwiches because they cut it (one half of a sandwich is longer than a regular banh mi anywhere else) -Cough, call attention to the lady or man at the counter to let them known you want to order-Order by number and request what you don't want in sandwich-They can pack the veggies on the side upon request-So greasy (due to the mayo so gooooood) -Pay first, then sandwich right after -Don't be thrown off by the service or attitudes of the people there, it's just how it is. A plus though if you speak their language to order. For the most part, all the sandwiches are 5 dolllllars better than Subway and nobody be putting their privates on your bread (ahem). The grilled pork is one of my favorites though I could do without the green onions BUT SO FLAVORFUL AND SO MUCH MEAT IN EVERY BITE. Can't wait to be back, there's no seating indoors, but they have a little outdoor area on the side to sit and eat. Great place to grab loads of sandwiches if you want or you're going on a trip. The price is phenomenal and packed with flavors. That bang for your buck is right here!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,9/11/2014,2665,2597,13,26,22>Anyone who has known me since I got my car knows I have been avidly trying to find a detailer. I tried over four different detailers in the Bay Area and have paid over hundreds and hundreds of dollars. I have personally over $1000+ worth of detailing equipment, polishes, waxes, cleaners ... you name it! I pretty much got screwed every time. Either the detail was really expensive and lasted for a few days, or after the first wash it was basically gone.Also, washing my car was a pain in the butt. It would take me over 45 minutes just for a "quick" wash and even then I couldn't help but leave water spots at times because the car's dark and I live in California (a.k.a. sun). I have never really achieved these kind of results. I didn't know anything about this "technology" until Spider Auto Glass exposed me to it. After this coating, I didn't wash my car for 3 weeks. I went to the track for the entire weekend. I drove it to work every day. It rained several times during that week and my work seriously has pollen storms 3x a day.Afterwards, my car looked awful, disgusting, and had spots everywhere including tree sap, tree crap, bird crap, pollen crap, and general disgustingness. I honestly didn't believe. I mean ... I have seen my car like this before. I have seen what happens after a while.  Results were ... needless to say. Amazing. I can't tell you how much simpler its going to be from now on to wash my car and keep it clean. Plus, it took less than 20 minutes. From disgusting to sparkling clean, even in the rain.Talk about A++ p.s. it was so awesome I asked to get my new BBK's coated!p.s.s. I also had them replace my windshield!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,9/10/2014,285,153,23,24,20>First of all, a question. Why do people insist on calling this place "Aqui's?" Is there something about Lucky, Nordstrom, Sizzler and Aqui that makes people want to add an "s" to the name? This is probably a mystery that won't be solved here, but it's certainly food for thought.You and I both know why you come here. Sure, the Thai chicken burrito is pretty damn tasty, but it's certainly not a major factor in why you return time and time again. This is definitely not breaking news at this point, but I'm sure you've heard of these dangerous little drinks they serve called swirls. Swirls are why you don't remember how you got home each and every time you've been here. Swirls are legendary and should be consumed with the utmost caution. Do not drink more than 2 of these amazing slurpee-like frozen treats if you plan on having a productive day. My favorite swirls in the swirl lineup are the sangria swirl and the newly added Cazadores swirl.They occasionally surprise me with a farily decent special burrito or Cuban pork dish of the day, but I'd say the food is pretty average for the most part. The outdoor seating is excellent if you can find a spot and the people that work here are always friendly and courteous.Look up at the top of this restaurant's page on Yelp. I swear it's just Aqui ... there's no "s" in the name. Yeah, I'm talking to you, person that also goes to "Khartoum's" down the street from here...
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,4/22/2011,1335,1550,11,16,13>I don't know why I never stopped by this cute little place. Today I did with Dan B.It's warm and cozy inside. I went for the Red Velvet Cupcake and he went for the Baileys Dome. My RVC was dry :( like it was days old. His Baileys Dome was super delicious. It was supposed to be infused with Baileys liquor. I didn't taste it neither did he. I also had to try the Cafe Mocha. Strong like bull! My right eye still ticking away! It's funny when you walk in to a business and nobody's there to greet you. We were there like 5 minutes just by ourselves poking around enjoying their really cozy arrangement when the lone staff walked out from the back to greet us. She was very warm and friendly and so all's good :)The place is an absolute darling! There's about 12 chairs. Love their faux wooden floors. Clean bathroom and cute sitting area outside. A must for summer!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2010,4/21/2011,339,173,16,23,22>After reading such great reviews, Bills Café had made it onto my bookmarks for some time now. Finally the window of opportunity to test (taste) out those reviews came when I treated my parents out to eat as they love a good Breakfast! I was curious if this place would "stack up" against my favorite breakfast spot, Stacks in Campbell. x_XI did my homework ahead of time and already picked out what I was going to order:-Crab Cakes Benedict (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Side order of Chicken Apple Sausage (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)Food (4.50 Stars):Crab Cake Benedict was extremely delicious and full of mouth-watering goodness. It consisted of two crab cakes topped with two poached eggs and a rich Hollandaise Sauce all on a perfectly toasted muffin. I love the slight runny egg yolk on top, yum! After experiencing the Crab Cake Benedict, I'm not sure if I can order anything else on future visits. :) The Chicken Apple Sausage was also just as enjoyable, so sweet and juicy!Service (4 Stars):Good service, as our waiter was very friendly with a good sense of humor. They were a little slow in taking our order and also giving us our bill after we finished our food.Summary (4.5 Stars): Favorite Breakfast & Brunch joint in San Jose. They offer a huge menu filled with great choices to kill any appetite. Yes, Bill's Cafe is just as good and ranks up there with Stacks. :)
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,4/20/2011,2068,6,21,23,23>I have spent the last month writing quick tips for 407 restaurants so I feel like my review has a length restriction. If that is the case, here is my quick tip for this rare Korean Restaurant in East San Jose: The lunch portion of the BBQ short ribs and the delicious pan fried salty mackerel is enough for 2 people for lunch AND dinner. When I first stepped into this yellow restaurant after struggling to find it off of McKee and North White Road, I was a little perplexed since no one greeted me at the door. There is no register in front like other restaurants. This wasn't looking good for this 3 weeks new restaurant because I was starting to smell like the dreaded BBQ that PD was asking me about this morning. One of the Korean diners finally went into the kitchen to call the owner, Yong, out to clean the table for me when two more young ladies came into the restaurant. She was so apologetic, gracious, and bowed down a dozen times until the wrinkles between my eyebrows eventually faded away. The old table had unstable legs so she cleaned another table closer to the front entrance and sat me down with some seaweed flavor tea that reminded me of the ones served at Japanese restaurants. We didn't finish all of the food because the 6 free little side dishes of radishes, kimchi, and sprouts filled us up.  The Job Chae (transparent noodles in oriental sauce), would have been too much for us.  I decided not to order it when the group of 4 people next to me left it untouched on their table.  You can combine the meats if they are in the same price range. For example, the dinner portion is $11.95 for BBQ Pork, Beef, or Chicken so you can have a combination of those items. Since the ribs were more expensive, you can't mix it with BBQ chicken. There were THREE pieces of fish without bones; the owner had given us extra. Yong who is married to a Filipino man in the kitchen,  came back repeatedly to refill our side dishes and gave us plenty of napkins. Was she nice to us because we both look like Filipinas with "beautiful skin"?  She even bought out a pair of scissors so we can cut up the slices of BBQ short ribs into dainty pieces to feed the spoiled princess. After awhile, I felt like I was eating at home, where the dingy tile floor, picture frame on the floor up against the wall in the nook, and the smoky smell didn't matter because I was enjoying a hearty meal prepared by Mother. The service was that great; at the end of the meal, I wanted to cup her friendly face in my hands and thank her being such a gracious host.  At this point, it didn't matter if I smelled like Korean BBQ because I just had an excellant experience with my dear friend at a new restaurant.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,4/19/2011,783,653,12,12,14>One awesome perk about having such wonderful Korean friends..is that...not only do they know that a cure to a bad hangover is to eat awesome food, drink soju and karaoke (we did karaoke at Arirang though)...is that they ALSO know what to order at awesome Korean places wherein I probably would end up going for the typical bi bim bap or kalbi or tofu soup. After a horrid drunken night....I literally was a wreck the next day not even wanting a sniff of food nor hearing the word "vodka" as those turn my stomach to knots and i get the vision of the yummy mess i left the parking lot after Betty's super awesome pho party.I met up with the gang at Korea House and couldn't help myself but try all the yummy looking, delectable dishes they ordered. After that..i was... re-energized...I wasn't there when we ordered..but i remember these items:*Yook Ga Jung: Spicy Beef soup with Vegetables. YES. This was a great cure to my hangover. I didn't find it that spicy, so don't let it intimidate you.*Bi Bim Bap with Meat: This is really good...especially when mixed with so much of the red sauce for a little extra kick... The amount of meat in the stonepot was decent....*Beef Carpaccio: Not sure exactly what they call this.. but in essence..it is raw beef. pretty good stuff. Loved it.*Egg Rolled Somethings: Yes.. Kinda like Tempura style oysters, zucchinni, shrimp, fish.... its good. not too battered, and you can't really taste the oil it was deep fried in. *Pan Fried Dumplings: I mean...this is pretty much available in most Asian places.. it's pretty good-decent here. I mean.. would you really even mess up on dumplings? *Tofu Soup: Awesome kick. Awesome service as well.... and Good prices!!! For a table of 7...it was probably a damage of $23 each... and that's including alcohol.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2010,4/18/2011,736,863,11,14,13>Yeah, I want Tobang. As a matter of fact, I love Tobang! LOL.Tobang has been a 'hot pick' on yelp for a few weeks now, so I ventured on in for dinner. There was a thick smoky aroma of barbecue and grilled steak in the air as my friend and I walked into the restaurant. We were quickly greeted by several waitresses and seated at one of many very casual tables. I've been to several Korean restaurants before and I'll be very blunt--customer service always sucked. So you can understand how surprised I was with the super friendly customer service here. Not only was I surprised with the customer service, but I was also very impressed with the huge variety of Korean dishes that they had on their menu. They had a lot of salads, family combos, drinks, and soups.We went with one of the family combos. I think it was family #3, which included three varieties of meats, kim chi soup, fresh kim chi fried rice, and of course all the usual sides that come with Korean cuisine. They also had combos that included a bottle of sake. The food was very authentic, fresh, and delicious. The meats were grilled at our table by the awesome waitresses. Even the kim chi fried rice was fried at our table! How cool is that?! One of the three meats was not marinated and tasted bland, but I think that was on purpose because we were given two plates with four different sauces. My favorite part of the meal was the fried rice. The waitress brought out a foiled ball of rice and as she fried it over the burner, she added in the sides that we had at our table: kim chi, beef, bean sprouts, and lettuce. The combination reminded me of bibimbap, which is probably what it was. It was delish! The owner also brought out two complimentary dishes for us to enjoy and they were great. Like the rest of the patrons here, I loved the excellent service and I'll definitely be back. It's a great place for a good conversation and good food. They are open until 12am, so someone pick me up so we can go out Tobang right now! LOL.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,4/17/2011,1117,183,23,18,14>I came here last night on with an amazing friend.  We laughed, we ate enough to feed a small village in Somalia and we left satisfied.  Don't pretend to come here for the service. It's hilariously authentic (meaning awful).  Order a pancake, seafood or vegetable.  The dumplings, were huge, but you can skip them because there is so much food.  The pork belly made me crap my pants and the rib-eye which looked absolutely sketchy was delicious and ridiculously tender.  I'm coming back, because this place was awesome.  I love Korean food. I love when I don't have to cook for myself.  4 stars seems appropriate for sure.  Now if I can just get some Korean person's grandparents recipe for Kimchee and have a place to bury it for a month I will be all set!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,4/16/2011,1066,578,5,11,8>I'm really sad that I had previously given Rosalena's 4 stars because it definitely deserves 5. They are so consistently delicious - there is no place I would rather go for a breakfast burrito in San Jose. I challenge anyone to slap together a better one. It's pretty quick and there is plenty of sauce and salsa to add, which I love. The veggie burrito is my love - I enjoy the avocado and delicious cheese. For $5, you can't go wrong. Thank you Lulu!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,4/14/2011,388,717,8,12,12>I been meaning to go to Kerrie's Kafe but each time I go out for lunch I would forget.  Finally one of my coworkers reminded me and I thought I had to try it.  It is definately a hiddent gem and little hard to find with out the Iphone.  It located in the back in a business park so there is no signage on the outside.  I heard the food is good and the prices are reasonable.  Plus the portions are huge.  Today I decided to try there Turkey Panini and with soup of Chicken Veggie with Rice.  Total was only $6.75.  The soup was good and I think homemade.  Was not oily at all and went perfectly well my Turkey Panini.  The panini was a bit on the greasy side but taste really good. I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.  They have tons of choices and alot of specials for the day.   Kerrie who is the daughter is super nice and so sweet.Thanks Jeff, Gina, and Maria for telling me about this place.  Will be back again.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,4/13/2011,1070,862,15,16,19>The California Theatre is absolutely marvelous! I was fortunate enough to score Cinequest tickets for the opening night premier of The Good Heart. *Insert shout out here- THANKS CONNIE!* This was my first trip to the theatre, and I was impressed. The seats were plush, and quite comfortable. My date and I enjoyed the movie from the balcony. Honestly- I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. I love architecture, and found the structure to be amazing. I had to run back to the theatre to grab my umbrella that I had left under my seat, and the usher was waiting for me. He handed me the umbrella, and kindly told us about the theatre. He encouraged us to walk around to look at the newer part of the theatre, and to touch the Italian marble walls. The theatre is amazing! I can hardly wait to return! Thank you so much to Cinequest, and to Yelp*!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,4/12/2011,217,164,10,13,13>Excellent pad thai!Their lunch specials are priced SO low, I couldn't believe it. 7.95 for a huge plate of pad thai and two spring rolls, they even bring you soup first!The only downside is the service is super slow. There is only one guy doing everything so he really never comes by your table, to check how things are or bring more water or anything. But, it has to get 4 stars because the pad thai was so damn good, and the prices were out of this world!
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2008,12/1/2008,24,143,17,14,18>I'm just going to start off by saying that I really fail in the peer pressure department.  So people were heading out here last night to kick off a friend's weekend birthday celebration.  Well, I was tired and hungry from just working out, and wasn't up for it.  So when one of the girls calls me at 6:30P telling me to head out, I had to tell her no.  After grabbing some food and chillin' for a bit, I get a text saying "Please please please go."  Hrm, I paused for a bit, and was like, *Aww damn, okay fine!  I'm down.*  Haha, like I said,.. I don't do well with intense amounts of peer pressure.  We got there around 11:00P and there was a line wrapping around Agenda.  We had other girls meeting up with us, so waiting wasn't a big deal.  Once inside though, it was seriously a sad scene.  Downstairs was less than half of capacity, it was like everyone in line was just now inside.  And the guy to girl ratio was, no joke,..15:1.   Upstairs was worse.  No matter how much alcohol you've consumed, it's never easy to dance when guys are practically eye-raping you.   But, the night wasn't a complete bust.  The highlights included:1) Getting the birthday boy messed up in a hour, flat.  We're good friends. 2) Oh, when Mr. Cool tried to holler, but stepped on my foot instead.  He was cute and apologized, but I had to take that Corona right out of his hand as a peace offering.   3) And last but not least, meeting fellow yelper Fraulein C.!!  She came with one of our friends.  We're totally smart and put two and two together by the end of the night.  The convo kinda went like this..Me: Hi, what's your name again?Fro: Fro,.. it's short for Fraulein.  Me: *thinking, thinking, thinking*  What?  Wait, are you on Yelp?!Fro: Yea, I am!  I recognized you, but didn't want to say anything cause I didn't want to look stupid!Me: Aww, haha no way!So Motif gets 2 Stars for being a pretty venue, spinning decent music, and serving strong drinks.  But meeting Fraulein C. so randomly totally deserves another Star.  And do you know how, I know she's cool?  Cause she already yelps, durrrr!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2008,11/30/2008,477,595,14,19,17>Do you like it soft, white and creamy?  If you do, you have to check out Red Mango!  I had been planning to go to the Red Mango in Palo Alto for some time now but never got around to it.  So, when this Red Mango opened up, I had to check it out!  They had a BOGO deal going on since it was opening day.. Score!  I took my friend who is as obsessed with Delatti as I am.  Red Mango only offers 2 flavors, plain and green tea.  I didn't like the sample of green tea they gave me so I got a small plain with strawberries.  When I tasted the yogurt, I was surprised at how insanely creamy it was!  Creamy is Red Mango's middle name.. The tartness was there too but I didn't like the weird aftertaste the yogurt left in my mouth.  It kind of turned me off.  I don't think I will come back here unless I'm in the area and Tartini is closed. Delatti for life.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,11/29/2008,226,185,12,14,15>I hate myself for driving past this place on a regular basis and never pulling over to grab a bite to eat-- because this place is unlike no other! And.. in a great way!My first visit here was this past Friday for a friend's birthday celebration.  Being the Yelpaholic I am, I had already read other people's reviews and I was really curious to see if this place lived up to the hype.  Unfortunately, my boyfriend and I ended up arriving so late that the kitchen was already closed, everyone was wrapping up dinner, finishing up drinks, and the staff was cleaning up. Bummer! Luckily, my sweet talking boyfriend asked the sushi chef (and we come to find out he's the owner, Seung) if it's possible for him to make us anything because we were really looking forward to trying the food.  He gladly obliged and as a thank you my bf hooked up all the sushi chefs with Sapporo beer and of course a generous tip.  *See people, good karma!* He made us the Gail roll.  MMM.  So delicious! I typically don't like raw fish because from my past experiences the fish usually isn't fresh or just  pain isn't tasty.  The Gail roll was all we ordered and it hit the spot! Already right there-- great service, delicious roll= 5 stars!  On top of that, since it was a Friday night, the owner, Seung, was kind enough to give us complimentary shots of sake! There was just a great vibe going on at the sushi bar-- different parties of people still left over after closing and all the customers and staff were getting along!  The owner and sushi chefs did a great job in setting the mood and making sure to include everyone in kicking off the weekend with a bang!I left feeling very pleased and excited to come back and try their food again so I could really give a through more detailed review.  My excitement only held off until today!  For lunch, again, my bf and I sat at the bar where Seung prepared our orders.  We ordered the bento box with sashimi and teriyaki beef, spider fantasy, and the baked mussels. First thing up-- the baked mussels. AHHH. When it was placed in front of  us it was giving off the aroma of something that would taste Itallian so it smelled hella good!  Don't be fooled by the smell, it still tasted asain (in a good way)!  I haven't tasted baked mussels like this before.  Sure, it got the recipe down, but I really like the twist they put on it.  I also like how it was very flavorful without slopping on a shit load of mayo on top. The bento box was delicious-- sashimi was tasty!  But I'd have to say it's the innovation they use to craft creative rolls that makes them stand out.  And did I mention that they  use the perfect portions of everything!  I really love how they choose to use their ingredients and how they incorporate raw fish that would get even the pickiest eater to enjoy it!On top of the food we ordered, Seung was kind enough to throw in a complimentary roll (I believe the Las Vegas roll) that was chillen in a warm ramen broth. SO YUMMY, SO YUMMY, SO YUMMY IN MY TUMMY! And he threw in a Hawaiian Poke teaser.  I thought that was so kind of him!  He knew that we were new patrons and he gave us a few teasers of his menu to get us coming back-- And it definitely worked!After lunch today my bf and I declared this "our" sushi spot!  If you're craving sushi-- this is the place to go.  I know we'll be coming back not just for the food, but for our personal bottle of soju that they have stored for us during our future visits:)I highly recommend this place.  Kinda bold for me to say this, but I'd have to say it's my favorite sushi restaurant! Why? Rolls are holy orgasmic, fish is fresh, and they set the bar high for service and hospitality!  Make sure to sit at the bar because like I mentioned previously, good vibes from the people sitting around us (both times) and from the staff!Oh yah, and tip these people well!  They're so generous with their patrons, make sure to be generous back to them;)
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2008,11/28/2008,1596,841,29,24,24>I have a friend who is absolutely CRAZY about El Burro and is always really happy to come here. So...when we hang out, I'm down to stuff some El Burro in my face.It's a rather nice Mexican restaurant located in the pruneyard shopping plaza in Campbell a little ways down the street from Whole Foods. The ambiance is pretty nice and the decorations inside make you feel very festive on the inside. They pass out some chips and salsa...the salsa isn't that good IMO, but whatever floats your boat. Apparently they serve salad, but it seems rather sporadic.I got the chicken enchiladas suiza a few times, and I've shopped around and tried some of the other entrees. Overall, it's fine...however I did get really sick after eating here once. It was one of those moments where you have cramps so bad you wonder how you would ever tolerate being pregnant and going through pain even more excruciating than this for the next 9 months.And this is the story about why I don't want to be pregnant any time soon.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,11/27/2008,388,717,20,22,21>Thank you so much Trudi! I love my hair! I am so happy with the results and you did a wonderful job. I have heard alot of positive things about Academy for Salon Professionals and I thought why not check it since its so close to work. My hair has been getting way to long and the ends are not looking fab. Plus I wanted to add some color and pretty much add some change. Trudi you are fabulous! She took her time to help me choose a color that I would like and made sure I was happy with the changed I wanted. Plus she took her time cutting my hair and made sure not to take off to much. One of my requirements was still be able to put it up in a ponytail. I love the results and I was so happy! I would definitely come back and will ask for Trudi for more color and changes in the future.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2008,11/26/2008,942,253,22,29,28>*CASH ONLY FOLKS*After the UYE @ Frozo's organized by Walt, I asked Anna D. where her fave dim sum place was as I recalled her telling me about it one time.  Smiling, she said it was a few doors down from Frozo's so off we went (Noelle and Katrina in tow).  It was still open and the lady behind the counter was very helpful with all of the questions I had.Being late at night, we thought the selection was going to be low however the lady said they have many available and could bring it up from the kitchen area.  Up front there are two very large steam "baskets" approximately two feet in diameter behind a glass window.  Large racks held freshly baked breads and pastries.  I wasn't sure what I wanted so I told Katrina to go ahead and order.While Katrina was ordering, Anna tells Noelle and I the fave dim sum items along with some of the bakery goods.  I ended up buying the following items: two orders (3 per order) of the sweet Pineapple Bread that does not actually contain pineapple but sweetened coconut inside the sweet bread dough; steamed sponge cake (a fave of mine whenever we eat dim sum) and one order of the deep fried sesame balls filled with red bean.  Noelle and I tried the sweet bread and it was definitely delicious....I had another one the next morning with a cup of Kona coffee at home (beans from the Big Island!) and it hit the spot!  The sesame balls with red bean were the best we've had locally.  The steamed sponge cake was very tasty as well.With a few tables inside, we sat down to savor the sweet bread while Katrina ate her crab ra goon (5 won ton deep fried pieces for $1.85).  Mikey and Venus showed up to buy some stuff too.  We all left to mingle back with the Yelpers at Frozo's.We're definitely coming back to try their GIGANTIC sized dim sum (how about the size of a baseball?)....Anna said to get here in the AM....thanks Anna for sharing this wonderful mom and pop spot with us!  There is a menu showing what the Hong Kong style dim sum is in both English and Chinese.  If the person helping you does not speak English well, you can just point to the item on the menu and he or she can see what you prefer.  The lady who helped us that night spoke English well and was very friendly.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,11/25/2008,156,263,15,15,13>A mexican restaurant in Silver Creek Valley.Kudos to the person who saw a niche to be filled and went for it.Seriously, as a restaurateur like myself... it's so money.And this review is in honor of Charissa I., cheez, ikandy, or just ikan for getting her elite badge yesterday and realizing her life has just come full circle.Ahh don't we all remember the first day we got our elite badge?It sure is nice and it should be enjoyed!We celebrated her birthday here about a couple months ago and we had the whole place to ourselves.From the dance floor to the dining area to the patio.First off I can say this is the first time I've ever had onion rings at a mexican restaurant.Although I'm not complaining. Shit, I love onion rings.I think my favorite part of the night was how diligently the servers kept refilling our margaritas.Specifically, MY margarita.I was all over the place that night, and everywhere I was a server comes sneaking behind me with a refill.Love that!And even after I (jokingly) mentioned our first batch of margaritas were pretty weak, every batch after that was super strong.Hell yeah, how can you not love that.I probably will never walk in here to eat because I don't believe in gourmet mexican food.To me, mexican is always a comforting food eaten with the hands and not stylized on a plate.But I will definitely come here to hang at the bar.Or if Charissa is buying margaritas... hollahollahollahollaholla
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2008,11/24/2008,34,18,8,15,13>Guru was recommended to me by several people so when I went in for a consult, I was confident. I didn't get paired with the person I went in to see, but she recommended Che and I'm so glad she did.  I chose a cherry blossom branch with 7 flowers that go from my wrist, to the crease in my elbow on the inside of my left arm. As with most tattoos, this piece meant a lot to me, so it was important that the artist understood what I was trying to describe. Che came up with a great design that followed the picture I brought in, but way better as it was custom fit to my arm and style.I now worship the ground he walks on as Che has a customer for life. I already have plans to go back for 2 more tattoos and I'm looking forward to working with him again. It was a different then the tattoos he usually does, so it was kinda cool that he was looking forward to the outcome as much as I was. The rest of the staff is hilarious and THANK GOD good music was playing every time I went in. So great staff, very clean environment,  professional results, and great music playing while you mutilate your body with permanent art via sharp needles. Sounds like a good time to me.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2008,11/23/2008,294,926,10,14,15>Where is there to go for brunch in Sunnyvale? That was the question last Saturday morning. Hobees is an easy choice, but us power yelper girls were looking for something new and exciting to yelp. ;-) We found it here and our first date was a success! (Yes, I'm married, but it doesn't mean I can't still date my friends!) 4.5 for my brunch experience.Highlights:- Eggs benedict on biscuits: eggstraordinarily benificient! I don't know why I never thought to put my beloved eggs benny on a biscuit. It's genius and so utterly fabulous!!! And these biscuits are not your average teeny weeny things. These are big mama biscuits with a great non-uniform more mountainy texture on top instead of the usual Vanilla Ice flat top. If they were a trailer they would be double wide for sure! So big with 2 on my plate and potatoes, I had to take the other half home. I did see a half spinach bene with a fruit cup on the menu so maybe I'll try that next time if I'm not feeling hammy. But seriously when is that? ;-) Oh and they asked my how I liked my eggs cooked and bewildered by the obvious egg preparation nature of benedict, I said "poached" (hope the "duh" tone didn't come out there), but I guess they really wanted to know either soft, medium, or hard. I've been asked that for fried eggs but not poached before! Learn something new every day, don't we?- Easy service: Simple Carl's Jr. Style: 1. Stand in line 2. Give your order to the cashier 3. Take a seat at a table 4. Your order is delivered to you. Quick and easy but with less grease and no big smiling star--however the person who brought us our food was friendly.- Atmosphere: easy going country is how I'd describe it. Simple with classic light wood chairs and tables and ceramic roosters adorning the window sill.- Omelets: their regular preparation is using 1 full egg and 2 whites which is a smart way to do it.Lowlights (my flip side to highlights):- After all these years growing up in this area, I never came here for brunch! It might have been cause the best eggs benedict chef lives just a few blocks from here, but hey, a hidden gem, I tell ya!I'll definitely be back for more eggs bene on biscuits.. or a healthier omelet.. or something with a biscuit. ;-)
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,11/22/2008,5000,2823,14,15,15>Holy Aji (Spanish Mackerel)!  This place is Amazing.  We stopped in after the DaiChaiKai (Grand Tea Event) at Hakone Gardens.  I've never eaten so much and drank so much simultaneously (I usually just drink a lot).  I have my own bottle of Sweet Potato Shochu and I wish I can remember the name of it since it was exquisite.  Many Imo (potato) Shouchu have a harsh smell or taste but this was clean and elegant.  I tired the following:AnagoChu-ToroAmaebiKani- handrollHirameI'm a big fan of Japanese Tapas:Kani Cream CroquetteEbi ShumaiGrilled NasuTatsuageEverything was AMAZING!The meal was complete with a pretty fruit plate and some tea.  Highly recommend this place and the best part is the chef is a lovely friendly fellow.  Not some pretentious jerk like you may find at some sushi bars.  Gochisosamadeshita!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,5/3/2010,226,185,23,16,16>It is not my intention to objectify men or come off as being unladylike/ dirt baggy/ douchey, but let's be real. The main reason why the younger female folk like coming here is because of the pair of two attractive brother servers they've got. Bless their mother and father (who own and also take on serving/ hosting), best business move ever. Good looking servers aside, it's true-- the food lives up to the hype. I've eaten at a couple korean restaurants around the south bay and Omogari is the only one that I feen for. You could just tell it's made with love by people who have passion for their food.  Even my boyfriend commented that their soup was way better than the ramen restaurant across the way.I'm pretty sure when I was there I contributed to embarrassing myself and others... so I guess from now on I'm going to be doing strictly take out from here. HAHAHAHA.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,5/2/2010,290,302,16,23,21>For my 200th yelp, I thought I would review Nicks. I took JZ here for her birthday. There's a lot of reviews on Yelp for Nicks, so I'll keep this one brief.This really was a pleasant surprise for me. The food was exceptional and well worth the money. Nothing mega fancy. Just good solid ingredients and well cooked. We took our own wine, but their wine list was both extensive & reasonably priced. Nick, the owner/chef greets every one of his patrons and also opens the door and thanks them when they leave after their meal. I don't know how he has time to actually cook anything. He was lovely, warm and friendly. In fact - he was a right old charmer. Hahaha. The only downside to this place was the noise level. It's not an intimate place, that's for sure. But I can live with that because the food and the experience was so memorable. We'll be back soon.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,5/1/2010,2523,2645,11,20,15>off el camino and san tomas...corner kiely and benton korean stripmall..."kunjip" translation being "big house"..bright open-spaced diner...large, simple and no frills....a specialty restaurant...serving bone soup and noodles....four-item menu , but expanding to braised short ribs and couple more....side dishes near none...actually enjoy simplicity...korean restaurant proud enough to stand by what they serve...and confident enough not to surround, or confuse core dishes with other offerings or dishes...items basically sum'd to $ten each..1) sullungtang - milky white bone broth based soup...2) nengmyun - typically a beef broth based ice cold buckwheat noodle...3) bibim nengmyun - red spicy and sweet mixed buckwheat noodles...no broth...4) hwe nengmyun - similar red spicy and sweet buckwheat noodle mix with raw fish, roughly chopped sashimi....evaluation starting with nengmyun...as mentioned, a korean beef broth based buckwheat noodle soup...served a frigid ice cold...garnished with beef, slivers of pickled radish, half of a hard boiled egg, julienned cucumbers and sliver of asian pear...adding yellow horseradish and vinegar to taste....finding the noodles chewy and excellent...perfection in noodles actually....taste of broth what's important...to surprise finding broth different from norm....typically a clear beef broth with a brown tint...but, a kunjip finding a white broth...suspecting use of some or all bone broth based soup....out of the norm, but finding the flavors actually richer..deeper lasting taste...taking offer of additional complimentary bowls of nengmyung...fantastic service!...an all you can eat?...possible....finsihing a $ten meal and mini bottle of sweet korean yogurt drink for dessert...taking self on a limb and judging kunjip favorable...different, but great...
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,4/30/2010,214,246,20,21,19>*SUPASTAR* (Mary Kathrine Gallagher pose)A place where the serious and the curious can exist together in a karaoke melting pot.  Just step up to the mic and belt your little heart out.  Don't get me wrong, I was shaking like a leaf the first time around.  I DO NOT, DO NOT sing in public.  OK,  I play around a bit but I don't really try to "sing".  The crowd was really easy going and supportive.  The crew of crazies in the corner helped too. The system was easy to log into.  Both songs I wanted were in the catalog.  It's frill-less and basic.  It's hard to even tell if the place is open from the outside.So sing like you're in the shower, car, or mirror (come on you know you do it).Four stars for a rush that's priceless. :)
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,4/29/2010,1070,862,21,32,27>Treat Ice Cream is quite possibly the best ice cream EVER! The thing that sets Treat apart from the rest, is the fact that you can purchase a quart directly from the source. That's right- Treat is open to the public! You have probably eaten Treat ice cream without even realizing it. This is because Treat distributes to local ice cream shops and  specialty grocers who sometimes place their own label on the products.  The ice cream served at your favorite ice cream parlor could be Treat! Schurra's on the Alameda confirmed this when I inquired. I must warn you- this is not a sit down malt shop. You buy your ice cream here to enjoy at home.  I love making breakfast smoothies using the Pineapple-Coconut ice cream. My favorite seasonal ice cream is the Pumpkin- which will be perfect on Thanksgiving! Peach Cobbler, and French Apple Pie are also great seasonal flavors.  Tin Roof Sundae continues to be my default chocolate, vanilla, and nut combo. TREAT yourself today!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,4/25/2010,192,216,7,10,10>When I lived in San Jose, this was one of my favorite GCs to learn the fine game of golf. Now that I've played it more than a dozen times it's starting to get predictable (in a good way). I'm by no means a pro, but I'm always thirsting for more challenges and just LOVE playing golf! I give this entire facility 4 stars because it's a well maintained place. From the Pro shop, to the nicely groomed golf course, to their dining hall, and to the double decked driving range...it's a clean, safe, and enjoyable place to experience golf! The staff also assists you above and beyond! For the golf course itself, it's a Par 68 executive 18 hole course. I guess that's why there are so many Par 3s. And for $33.00 weekday green fees + $14.00 cart fee, I'd like to whip out my whooping stick (aka DRIVER) a bit more! hehehe- Los Lagos is the sister property of Rancho del Pueblo 9 hole in San Jose on King Road. You can take your driving range receipt and get $5 Off your round at Los Lagos.*See my attached photos*
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,4/24/2010,626,433,10,12,11>Happy hour from 5PM to 8PM everyday??? I'm there! =DThe regular menu can be a little too pricey, but the happy hour prices are great. They range from $2 to $9.95. You can get all sorts of fabulous goodies such as a KOBE burger with truffle mayo to milk and cookies! =)These are the following goodies I've tried so far...Kobe Burger ($9.95): Comes with a side of TRUFFLE mayo and onion rings.For only $10 this burger is a steal for some kobe goodness. =) There are other various burgers made with angus beef for only $7.95. All come with a side of onion rings. The onion rings are nice and big and crunchy. Just enough batter to onion! You can order this separately on the happy hour menu for $4.00.Fried Calamari ($4.00): This was only OK. The calamari wasn't as crispy as I wanted it to be and the batter kind of slipped right off as you took a bite. For fried seafood I'd rather get the popcorn shrimp. The dipping sauce is great though. I can't put my finger on what it's made of. Their own version of tartar sauce. Popcorn Shrimp ($4.00): Great stuff! It could be a little crispier, but it's better than the calamari. It goes perfectly with their tartar sauce. Chicken Pot Pie ($4.00): Nothing like fresh chicken pot pie. =) It's just the right size with a yummy and crispy pastry puff on top.Tuna Sashimi ($6.00): It's tuna rolled in white and black sesame seeds. YUM! Served with pickled cucumbers and deep fried spinach. Put everything together with a little soy sauce and wasabi. So good! Crab Cake Side Kicks ($6.00): This was only OK. It only comes with two sliders filled with a crab cake and cabbage only. This had more potential but at least you could taste the crab. Chocolate Chip Cookies & Milk ($2.00): This is a great finish to your meal. Soft homemade chocolate chip cookies with a glass of milk. Makes you feel like a kid again. =)This is a great place for happy hour, especially for those who get off work a little later. There's usually a free table here and there, so space hasn't been an issue for me so far. They have a pretty spacey bar area. There are also happy hour drinks here, but the food is what you should be going here for!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,4/23/2010,481,1032,7,10,10>New Restaurant Alert - Patogh Persian Restaurant in Sunnyvale is Delicious!Sheesh - I love kabobs!  They've been a 'crush' item of mine for most of my life and then, after spending a month in the Middle East, I came back to the Bay Area and have been searching out Persian joints to find my favorite kabobs.  Patough definitely fits the bill.  It's a new local favorite of mine.  They have delicious Koobideh Kabobs ($2.49 each), Basmati Rice ($2.49) and BBQ Tomatoes ($.99).  Those 3 things are my typical order but this last time, I decided to spread my wings a lil and try things I'd never seen/tried before.   This included an appetizer of Masto Spinach and a dessert of Masto Beet (3.99 each).  They were both yogurt based with spices and tasted great!  I know a yogurt beet dessert sounds kinda weird but it was delicious!  Trust me.. go to Patogh and try it. :)  There are a few other things I wanna try in the next few times I go... Koobideh Wrap sandwich ($4.99)Bghali Polo - a daily special of lamb shank called ($9.49) Fesenjan - another daily special of chicken, walnuts and pomegranate paste ($8.49) Notes:I took a buncha pics that I'll post... Oh, and it's conveniently located right next to Karoon Persian Grocery Market on the corner of El Camino Real and Wolfe. And it's a pretty small place... might not be good for big big groups but, they do catering! Definitely see ya there!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,4/22/2010,294,926,7,10,10>Was craving some bulgolgi for a few weeks and this was the closest 4 star review from my house. Thanks yelp for a great lunch. Pics: yelp.com/biz_photos/ZV2zCost to worth it rating: 4 (~$8 lunch boxes) Highlights: - Nice surroundings: guy manning host station before the doors scared me a bit as seemed a bit clubbish, but behind the doors was just fine. Nothing truly upscale, but not a dive so was clean and comfortable. Wood barriers in between the sides of tables were nice. - To grill or not to grill: there are tables for both. I'm glad we got the non-griller cause I just felt like being delivered a plate of cooked meat. The cooker tables have insets for shabu shabu as well as big suckers on top to catch all of the grill smoke. - Lunch boxes: never seen this at a Korean place and was kind of cool: meat choice and came with salad, a mini cold wrapped omeletey deal, piece of tofu, and a sliced mushroom salad. - Kalbi: meaty but not tough and full of grilled flavor. I didn't order it but liked it the best. - Bulgolgi: tender and tasty. The full plate (vs the lunch) has it with white onions and a bit of juice. The lunch box I noticed was more crispy well done. Both had generous portions.- Seaweed: crisp thin flavored slices- Brocolli: crunchy, lightly seasoned with sesameLowlights: - Wait during lunch: esp on Fridays at high traffic lunch time, you may need to wait up to 30 minutes. Pleased my entire fam, so we'll be back. Yeay!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,4/21/2010,1167,294,7,9,8>Pretty fantastic. The guy who took care of me was super nice and helpful. He recommened the pumpkin and the cookies and creamm, and also let me know that I could combine the two. You ever notice in some gelato spots, they kind of skimp or hold back in giving you a good amount of gelato? Like just enough, but not a little more extra? Well, not here. I did order the largest size, but homeboy  hooked it up!Pumpkin: Pretty good especially if you like the pie. Get this in a small amount. Too much of a good thing exists. Melts very fast. Cookies and Cream: Nice, not too sweet, and not to creamy. Loved itI really liked the consistency of the gelato. The pumpkin did get  liquuidy pretty fast, but it wasn't icy or too creamy. Defitenly stop by this spot if you are craving something cold, sweet, and are in Los Gatos. Btw, the bathroom is to the left and behind this joint.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,2/19/2013,327,197,10,10,11>I have butterflies in my stomach. What if he's not the perfect match? What if it goes wrong? What if I made the wrong choice??If you didn't know, you would have thought I was going on a first date, but I was going to a haircut with a new hairstylist..After years of going to a salon and getting the razor cut, I decided it was time to break up with the razor. Don't get me wrong, my haircuts have always looked cute with a razor cut. I leave the salon and for the first month, everything is good and dandy, but afterwards, my hair grows at stringy and starts to split like crazy.  I decided to look into the salon I've always wanted to go to for years.. (don't ask why I never went.. I dont know) There were two stylist @ Umbrella that I was debating between, Jade & Christian. I've been wanting to get my hair done by Christian for years but ultimately couldn't justify having a haircut that started at $105. eek, maybe next time.  I saw my friend's review for Jade and asked called her to ask her opinion. Let me first my describing my hair. I have A LOT of hair, and its not your typical Asian stick straight hair, so if I don't have layers/texture in my hair, then its a giant puff. Jade took a look at my hair, listened to my concerns, and told me there's not a lot he could do with my hair since it was super oddly thinned out so it would be a mini haircut. I completely appreciated the honesty and it was fine because I figured it wouldn't happen over night and  we would have to be on a hair plan. Took me to the shampooing area and washed my hair.. almost fell asleep. I was THAT comfortable.  He did a trim on my bangs, cut off a lot of the dead ends oh best of all, I've never seen my hair so straight simply with a blow dryer and a brush. YAY. Before I left and we made my 3 month appointment. I'll definitely do an update on my next appointment in January.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,2/18/2013,492,201,8,18,11>A few months ago, a very evil person vandalized my car and stole the lights for my rear license plate and cut two holes in the trunk of my car and cut out the lights :(I was really sad and scared and silly me never installed a car alarm system, because I believed that no one would ever hurt my bimmer Barty. I began searching for an auto shop that would install a full alarm system at a reasonable price. After receiving many quotes and recommendations from friends, I decided to contact Patrick at Platinum Autoworks, who received wonderful reviews from everyone I spoke with. I described to him the alarm system I had in mind, and after asking me questions about what kind of features I wanted, he suggested the best system for me. I was very impressed with his professionalism and knowledge of all the systems on the market, as well as his honesty. He didn't try to force additional features onto me in hopes of making more money (as many shops I had called had done), and offered me the most reasonable security for my car. I was happily surprised when he mentioned that he was also able to repair the missing lights caused by the vandalism, and quoted me a fraction of the price that I had received from other shops. I had dropped my car off in the morning and by that evening, Patrick gave me a call to let me know that my car was ready. That very same day! He had many other vehicles in the shop, so I was quite impressed with the speed and efficiency of the job. He explained all the features of the alarm system to me, and demonstrated how everything worked. I absolutely LOVED the lights he had installed to replace the missing lights in my trunk, as they were brighter than the ones before. I was also very happy to hear that the alarm system was under full warranty, as are all the systems in his shop, because he is a certified vendor of the product. He was very patient to answer all my questions about my new alarm, and I happily left the shop feeling much safer than before in my now-protected vehicle.I would highly recommend Platinum Autoworks - they not only install car alarms, but also window tinting, detailing, custom modifications, and many other services at a wonderful price! Thank you Patrick for all your help and excellent work :)
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,2/17/2013,284,184,9,13,10>A very brief review for my very brief (and much appreciated) visit to the parts department.My key has been broken for a while from having it on a key ring that had a bit too much girth, so in time the top of the key cracked and broke. Because of this dilemma I purchased a rubber key cover and over time it too, ripped....Okay long explanation......anyhoo went to the parts department to get a new rubber key cover. Edgar R. helped me and removed my old cover which revealed my broken key, to which he responded, "I think I have a back plate to replace this".  And he did-and at no charge!!! Yay! I can now put my key back on a key chain. Much appreciated Edgar!I have had my car since 2005 and in all my visits to other Honda dealerships, not one of their employees has ever offered to fix my key. Great customer service from Edgar! Hey Honda, I think he should get a raise!
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/16/2013,107,147,6,7,6>I like this place!  It's my new go to place to get fast bibimbap.  I like how you can build your own pot using whatever vegetables and meat that they offer.  Plus, you get to put in your type of sauce into it as well.  Getting it hot is the way to go, though I haven't yet tried it cold.  However, just having it hot allows for all the flavors to mix nicely together.  I definitely recommend mixing in the spicy hot sauce in with your bowl.  As for the hot stone, it always stays hot the entire time that you're eating your dish.  Which is a plus since you don't have to worry about it getting cold.  I did try their tofu soup as well.  It's spicy, with a light seafood flavor, and nicely salted.  Having the sizzling pot and the soup together is a big meal in itself.  The place itself is clean and spacious with T.V sets to entertain you as you eat your hot bowl rather slowly.  If you haven't already tried the place out, it's a place you can go ahead and try if you're looking for some fast and fresh bibimbap!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/15/2013,360,550,4,6,7>My Bear Paw boot fell apart and I took it here because it's conveniently close to home.  The man who owns the shop is very friendly and only charged me 13 dollars to fix my shoe which I thought was very reasonable.  He even asked me if I wanted to come back the same day!When I picked my shoe up the other day the lady who also works there was very friendly as well and it's nice to know there's a shoe repair close by.  I've been wearing my boots and he obviously did a good job.  When I dropped the broken one off, there was a lady in there dropping off one of her boots.  She told me she's been going to him for years.  I believe he said he's been there for 16 years.  It's located in the Downer Square Shopping Center Next to Lucky's & Yum Yum Donuts.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,2/13/2013,1128,746,7,16,10>I came here to try their new mochi donut and a few mochi to buy for the family after work.There was already a long line snaking around the window displays, so I grab a sheet and got a Strawberry donut, green soybean, raspberry mille- feuille and cafe au lait. I was helped by a lady and brought to another register and paid for my box of mochi.After driving home, I opened my box and grabbed what seemed to be the Raspberry mille- fuille ... it was Peach Yogurt instead. So not only was I given the wrong flavor, but I also paid more than I should've. SIGH. Raspberry Mille- Feuille was supposed to be a treat for my long day at work and is one of the more pricier of the flavors. As for the mochi donut, my bf found it strange to eat and offered the rest to me. After personally taking a bite it really was weird. The consistency was too soft and the flavor was not appealing to me.Be sure to double check your box before leaving! Maybe next time I'll just go for their Satura line, since they're more distinctly different from each other.EDIT: I was contacted by Mochicream and was offered the Raspberry Mille- Feuille mochicream the next time I was back.When I came in to claim in my free Mochicream, the cashier knew I was from Yelp and gave me two! Now that's some real customer service!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,2/12/2013,289,325,6,13,10>What a great little place hidden on the other side of Santana Row off of 880. I came here for lunch with my colleagues and I really enjoyed it. We were greeted by a nice gentleman who sat us promptly. The menu was nice but the zoomed up pictures on the wall was pleasing to the eye which made my mouth drool! I ordered the beef kabob and chicken combo plate and it was delicious. The beef was tender, juicy and cooked perfectly. It was actually my favorite part of the dish! The chicken was moist and fresh with all white meat. The saffron rice was also flavorful and they give you a lot of it.I would definitely come back here and try other things on their menu.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/11/2013,692,1648,10,16,14>5 stars for the absolute fantastic service here! I live near this bakery, and had stopped by to grab some sweets for a dinner. They did not have enough cupcakes, so I settled for cookies instead. They were decent, but don't think I'd get them again (snickerdoodles and M&M cookies). However, I came here again as I had a groupon for cupcakes that I had purposelly bought for my friend's birthday.You can choose your flavors online, and I received an email confirmation right away. When I asked about the sprinkles, they said I could choose when I picked them up. I arrived a little early before my pickup time, and my cupcakes were ready. The young employee asked me what it was for, and I told her a birthday. She then asked me the name of the birthday friend, and said she would decorate it if it was okay. WOW! For a groupon order too! Typically I feel you don't get such good service with groupon orders (which I don't understand if you want their business), but this place was so not the case. The woman next to me was purchasing a groupon on their computer, as suggested by the employee. That is unheard of, as she could've gotten more money for the business, but definitley pleasing the employee. She then showed all the different sprinkles to cater to this woman's choice, and even had glitter sprinkles! I was wishing I was offered that too, but it was too late at this point. However, the cupcakes looked great, way better than what I had planned on by bringing plain cupcakes. They were also so darn tasty! I had the red velvet, and it was so moist, and the cream cheese was splendid! A friend had the chocolate and vanilla with vanilla custard and said they were super yummy as well.Yay for my new neighborhood bakery!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,2/10/2013,255,170,11,11,13>1152 Reviews!! That must tell you something!!First off, have you seen some of the sushi rolls that this place puts out?!?? I've been watching this place from afar, via Yelpers check'ins and photo uploads.I've been "Like'g" several of photos of other Yelpers that checking here for the past several months, On the night of 10/17/12, the Wife and I decided its time to have dinner here and I'm glad I did!We started it off with mixed tempura..it is what it is, a starter.After reading the small sushi roll menu, I noticed that the rolls were packed with flavor. Maybe that's why they have a short sushi menu..Eddie is the Sushi roll Master!!! He was pushing out orders like a Quartback in the red zone!!! Eddie is keeping his waiters/waitressss moving like a receivers trying to stay open for a Hail Mary pass!!!They gave us a FREE taster, muscles. I had to give it the sniff test..Just in case!!We sat at the bar next to the register, and got great service!!King Kong-spicy Super tuna was Great!! I called in an audible, their TSH(Tuna Salmon Yellowtail Avacado) I had Eddie slice a Jalapeño like they do cucumber to go inside!!! Oh yeah!Last roll- Tuna Lovers!! Oh.. I had such a great beer buzz that I forgot to shoot a pic before I attacked it!!The Wife was unhappy with her Chicken Teriakyi. After tasting it.. It was bland and boring!! She started to raid my rolls!! I can't blame her!Beer Beer and Beer... If you drink, beer, I highly recommend Asahi to wash down your meal.Enjoy-
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,2/9/2013,468,92,6,13,10>Love hand crafted cocktails? Then you'll fall in love here!Come early to avoid the long line. Plus you can try their "12 minute" drink if you come when they open, because apparently that's how long it takes to make it. It comes pretty frothy and tastes slightly tart. I like watching the bartenders prepare my drink using fresh ingredients. I had the chocolate flip which had an egg. Surprisingly, it was good and almost like a chocolate shake. My gf decided on the basil gimlet and loved how fresh it tasted. It's a speakeasy so the bartenders are in 1920s attire. It's very dark downstairs, dimly lit with candles. They do not allow large groups and control the noise level. If you're too loud, they might kick you out so be weary of that. Still, it's a fun experience with great cocktails.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/27/2008,6/1/2009,463,976,11,15,14>Skip the laser show....Though I have no basis of comparison with other laser shows, this one was a bit lame.  What it is a bunch of bright colors, shapes, and caricatures lighting up the Planetarium's ceiling which is supposed to match the energy of the music.  Songs from Hendrix and The Doors were going to be played....killer right?  Music was rockin'....you got to sit in reclined chairs and look up at the lasers but the lasers were a little too hard on they eyeballs.  I had to close them a few times to readjust.   The show ended very anti-climatically.  What would have closed the show nicely was Hendrix's rendition of the "National Anthem."  $9 was a little bit too much to spend on this laser show.  I say skip it and check out the Planetarium.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,5/30/2009,650,591,15,14,15>Ate here yesterday for dinner with my buddy Nate M.Showed up around 5:45PM.  Didn't have to wait at all to be seated.Ended up ordering a Mild Order of Cajun Fries ($2.99) and Sweet Potato Fries ($3.99), a pound of Mild Crawfish ($8.99) with the whole sha-bang of sauces on them, and a pound of Mild Alaskan King Crab Legs with Garlic Butter sauce ($19.99 for 1.25 lbs at $15.99/lb).  My friend Nate straight asked our server to serve him the biggest Dungeness Crab with Cajun sauce they could find in the kitchen that ended up costing him like $37.09 (2.85 lbs at $12.99./lb) or something like that, but he said it was well worth it.Mild Order of Cajun Fries with some ketchup were alright.  I think I didn't wanna order a hotter sauce cause people on Yelp were complaining about mild being too hot, but next time I'll have to try some more spice in my life.  I love heat!The Sweet Potato Fries were good.  Nothing super special though.The Mild Crawfish with the whole sha-bang of sauces was alright.  The server told us they get their Crawfish from Louisiana.  Didn't really know what to expect since it was my first time eating Crawfish.  And it seemed like too much damn trouble and too much of a mess to go through just to get a little bit of meat out of the tails, claws, and suck the juices and guts out of the head.  I felt like a 17 year old blonde high school senior giving head for the very first time.  I had no idea what the hell I was doing.  LOL!  J/P!  I wouldn't know what that's all about.But yeah...The Mild Alaskan King Crab Legs and that Dungeness Crab shit all over the cold served Alaskan King Crab Legs at The Buffet at The Wynn in Las Vegas.  But damn...I ordered 1 pound and got charged for 1.25 lbs and only got like 3 legs out of it.  I'm pretty sure if they serve that Alaskan King Crab whole like they do with the Dungeness Crab, that the whole crab would probably cost anywhere from $60-$120 a crab at $15.99/lb depending on how big those suckers are.Also got a Corona for $3 a bottle.  Not sure why they put retarded cuts of lemon in the Corona bottles over lime though.  Must be a Vietnamese or Cajun thing.  Wackness for them charging $0.25 per cup of water.  Can't remember the last time I got charged for non-bottled water at a restaurant.  Water is a necessity that shouldn't have a price-tag attached to it.  Cheap asses!The servers here are all young and seem knowledgeable about the menu but not so much about the food, as Nate M. being the chef that he is, kind of grilled our server for not knowing as much as he did about seafood.  Thought it was funny that Nate actually asked our server if he could go back to the kitchen and see how the chefs actually cook everything and put it all in that Thomas Keller style of cooking with all the sauces and everything in those plastic bags, but he got denied.  Not sure if I liked having my seafood served too me in messy ass plastic bags though.  I think I'd prefer having my food here served to me hot and fresh on a ceramic plate with a side of lemon and warm liquid butter.With tip he spent like $54 and I spent about $43.  -  Surprised they let us split the charge of the bill between multiple credit cards since most Vietnamese owned/run places tend to be cash only or be stingy with the types of ATM/credit cards you can actually use.  -  Since most CC companies take a 2% commission out of every sale, whereas American Express takes 3%.Kudos to our server for putting "biggest one you find" on the receipt for the Dungeness Crab...HAHA! - photos-g.ak.fbcdn.net/phBoo to the wooden walls for already being filled up and them no longer letting us leave our marks on the wall with those sharpies.  I wanted to vandalize this place and mark up them walls like the subway in Harlem.Bathroom kind of smells like salty ocean water for some odd reason too.Good shit with all the flat screen TVs on the wall with all the different sports games and ESPN on.Not sure about the Wild 94.9 playing as the music in here though...LOL!  Should just get a DJ or have a MP3 play list or something...Although listening to Lil Weezie's Lollipop while sucking down on them Crawfish was an interesting experience in itself.Pretty sure whoever owns this place parks his Yellow Lamborghini out front to attract more customers too.Tips:-Don't wear a $40 t-shirt that is mainly white over here.-Place all your shells in the middle of the table.-Keep your bag in the middle of the table.  The juices tend to seep out of the bag and get really messy on the table, so your arms and shirt/pants might get a little dirty if you eat messy.-Let them chao ems put those plastic bibs on you cause you're going to need them.  Your clothes will thank you later.-If you like your food spicy and like hot stuff, order 1 of the 2 sauces hotter than Mild.  Mild ain't shit!-Like the menu says...Get ready to get down and dirty.Chao Co!
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,5/28/2009,3171,1316,19,29,28>Layang Layang makes me HAPPY HAPPY.I love the service here. Everyone is easy-going and friendly and best of all, the food is good. I am no Malaysian food expert, but overall, what I have eaten so far here, I can honestly say that I am a Malaysian food fan. :)I went here twice last week, so here is the summary with comments:- Thai Basil chicken ($11.95) - I liked it, but it was not as spicy as I would have liked it. The portions are large and it is not salty, so that is a plus.- Layang Layang Tom Yam soup ($9.95 large) - my favorite and I always order the large. It's not too coconuty, not too sweet and soury, it's just right.- Satay Chicken ($6.95) - I don't like it as much as I should. The chicken can be dry (hit or miss) and the sauce is not as good as other Thai restaurants. Needs more peanuts and chili sauce.- Chow Kueh Teow ($7.95) - my friends loved this noodle dish with shrimp and squid. It is delicious and a definite favorite.Imported beer is $4 a pop, but they do carry Tiger Beer (YUM).I will return to try other dishes. It has been a positive experience each and every time. Very well-run establishment.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/8/2008,5/27/2009,175,452,7,8,8>When I get a craving for something with lamb that isn't gamey I head here to get the cumin seed lamb sizzling plate. It's good, lots of onions, peppers and lamb on a hot plate. Sometimes the lamb can be fatty but the flavors make up for it. It's spicy but not overwhelming. Usually get this, one bowl of rice is enough for two people, and a noodle dish. The beef chow fun was a bit on the greasy side last time I went and had hardly any beef. It did have lots of onions and some carrot slivers though.The dishes come out hot and fast and while you wait you can listen to some Spanish pop music like Paulina Rubio coming from the kitchen. If you hear someone singing along, that's either the kitchen staff or me. Place is clean and the service is weird. I've had a server who just stood by the table with pen and pad in hand and not say a word, come back, drop the dishes off and then drop off the bill. I'm not sure if they were mute or didn't speak English. Then had a server who was super nice, brought tea without asking, took our order and recommended we get one bowl of rice since its big enough to share, and brought to go boxes. But I don't come here for the service. I come for the cumin sees lamb. You walk in and they have a fish tank with not so healthy looking fish in it and the kids just love to tap on. Give them the number of your party and you get seated. Menu brought to your table. Depending on who you get, tea or water comes or you can ask for it. Pretty inexpensive for the amount of food you get. Had dinner for 2 and had enough for 2 lunches the next day.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2008,5/26/2009,136,254,8,10,9>I finally got to come here the other day for lunch with some of my co-workers. We arrived about 5 minutes after 12 and were the second ones in line outside the door. Fortunately, we only had to wait about 10 minutes before being seated. Once inside, things moved fast and we got back to the office in a reasonable amount of time.There was a pretty good selection on the menu with several different types of ramen as well as quite a few side dishes and mini donburis. This time I didn't get to try the gyoza, but I definitely will next time.Since I like variety, I ordered the special of the day which is a small shio ramen and a tori (chicken) don with tare sauce. I thought the shio ramen was good. It was a nice light broth as shio ramen usually is. Some of my co-workers complained about the sweetness of the sauce on the chicken, but I always think of tare sauce as being sweet so I was expecting it.If this place is anything like the place that was here before seating at any decent eating hour is always a problem, but since the ramen was good I will definitely try it again next time I'm craving ramen in the South Bay.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/31/2008,5/25/2009,149,321,7,13,12>I'm not sure why we never go here. It's close and we don't have many good, close restaurants in Almaden as it is.Today was a good day to try La Playita again. We came here before, probably 15-20 years ago and then just never really came back. Mexican is not my personal fave so it's usually not my first choice destination. However, with Thai food leftovers in the fridge for dinner, and a sushi lunch still on my mind from the other day, tamales won me out!Small, but clean and with nice ambiance this is a decent place to try in the Almaden Valley area. I like that you seat yourself; very friendly. I could tell many of the lunch crowd were regulars. The menu had some interesting, not the normal choices; like sopes and mole. However, the tamales beckoned and so that was what my order for the day was.Chips and salsa were served right away and even a refill was offered when these were gone. The salsa was good, but not great and did have a little spiciness to it.My pork tamales made a nice meal. In fact, with the lunch salad, rice and beans, I could actually only eat one. Husband had a 2-item combo and seemed pretty satisfied with his enchilada and tostada.All--n-all, a fairly decent meal; nice, warm and filling on a cold winter day. They have several large tables outside on a somewhat private patio. Looks like a good place to keep in mind when the weather warms up too.I'll be back to try the chile verde. It's always my barometer for Mexican food.Written in my travelogue: 3.5 stars here which could go to 4 after future visits. Worth a try!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,5/24/2009,94,212,8,7,7>I consider myself the worst vegetarian in the world because I make ridiculous exceptions for a lot of meat based foods. Slider's Burgers is now one of them. Honestly, what sane human being would pass up a BISON burger? Succulent, juicy, and tasty--with about half the calories and fat of beef! It's wonder meat!So last weekend I strolled into Slider's for the first time with full intention of downing a whole bison burger with a side of fries and artificial lemonade. When browsing the menu, I spotted another patty that caught my eye. No, not veggie or salmon, but ostrich! Conflicted on what to eat, I had my friend order the ostrich and I ordered the bison. When the burgers were cooked, we split them down the middle and had half of each.First of all, this place gets mad props for their condiment bar. I love a well stocked condiment bar as much as I love giving into my carnivorous instincts for burgers. Extra onions, thousand island, ketchup, mushrooms, pickles, no mustard, and a squirt of mayo... that's the way, uh huh, uh uhuh, I like it.The bison burger was everything I hoped it would be. As if eating bison weren't glorious enough, it was grilled and seasoned to absolute perfection. I've only had one other burger in my life that was this perfect, and that was in Hawaii. What I liked best about the burgers is that it wasn't overly greasy and fattening feeling.The ostrich burger was a-ok. I find ostrich--uh, meat--to be a little tough and dense. Figures. Ostriches don't look all that glorious to eat. My friend complained that it had a funky smell. I don't eat meat very often (note, I'm a flexible vegetarian) so I didn't really know what it was supposed to smell like.Overall the place was good eatin'. My only complaint is that the burgers were not big at all! I could have easily eaten 2, if not for the combo with fries, and I'm a wee little girl.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2009,5/23/2009,484,952,5,12,9>I have visited Robee's for lunch so may times now that I have lost count (it is 2 blocks from work). Convenience is the primary reason, because I still think that Robee's is merely an average place to grab a Mediterranean meal. To be sure, they have made tremendous strides since their opening, including a new, attractive menu board, more staff, and much speedier service.  Now the service line is a model of efficiency, and meals come to you only a few minutes after ordering.  Even if the ordering line is out the door (as it often is at noon) you can still expect to place your order in about 5 minutes. Impressive.My favorite item on the menu has become the mixed chicken-beef schwarma plate, which comes served on a bed of yellow basmati rice, with salad, hummus and pita. It's a huge pile of food for 9 dollars and change. That said, the meat is on the dry side for my taste, and the salad is sometimes not very fresh.A previous issue for me here was the extravagant use of Styrofoam, a pet peeve of mine.  They improved on this by replacing their Styrofoam "boxes" with paper plates, but then they backslid into Styrofoam again. But at least now they use plates instead of boxes, so there has been incremental improvement.My biggest issue here is with the falafel, since it has been stale or dry on my last several tries. Unlike many other Mediterranean spots in the area, Robee's does not cook falafel to order. Instead, they fry up a big batch and slowly deplete it over time. Which sometimes means you are eating falafel cooked 30 minutes earlier.  Sorry, but I'm spoiled - I prefer my falafel hot, with the oil still sizzling on the outside.  The only time I order it here is when I see them in the process of frying a batch, which is not often enough. Really annoying when I am having a falafel craving. When Robee's starts cooking falafel to order ( or in smaller batches), I might add an extra star.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2009,5/22/2009,132,237,13,15,12>welp, we made it back. me and girlfriend were hungry for some picasso's too. we've been itching to come back but, timing was just wrong for us.for appetizers, we ordered gambas al ajillo estilo don julio. when served, it looked very yummy. when devoured, it was packed with flavor (olive oil, garlic and spice) and spice. couldn't wait for our main entre. if the appetizer is scrumptious, entre must be just as good. not exactly. it was good, but not great. we had paella de pescado y mariscos. the appetizer tasted better - full of flavor. the entre was a bit flat or bland.service was ok. nothing stellar and nothing terrible. could be a little faster with the water refills. the ambiance was nice and cozy - warm colors all around.and unexpected highlight was a folk-cultured performance from spain. the singing, clapping, and stomping was intriguing! the guitarist was on-point with his strokes of his well tuned and strung guitar.i'll have to come back and try their tapas, but no rushing on our part.=============note: live performances on every 3rd saturday. will cost extra to see while you eat.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,5/21/2009,878,405,20,22,22>Now I know why this little hole in the wall gets packed daily during lunchtime.  The food's not bad, quick and friendly service, and they have limited seating.  The water refills kept coming...with reason!  If you're into spicy...their menu is on fire! And it's all MSG-free! I ordered the Hunan Smoked Ham lunch special (with bamboo shoots, bell peppers, onions) and it was okay despite the abundance of salt.  Every bite had crushed peppers.  I should've ordered more rice to give my taste buds a break.  On another visit, I ordered their infamous meat pie. It's an appetizer dish that includes spicy ground pork, light cheese, and shredded lettuce, between deep-fried light and flaky flour cake.  I had it as a meal.  Or in other words...I wanted it all to myself.The windows that look into the kitchen from the dining room are a nice touch.  It makes me feel comfortable to see what's going on in the kitchen. You can actually see your dish being cooked with fresh ingredients and Hunan spices.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,7/18/2011,285,153,8,8,8>She Wants Revenge 3/27/11"The lights that move sideways and up and downThe beat takes you over and spins you roundOur hearts steady-beating, the sweat turns to coldWe're slaves to the DJ and out of control"My first time at The Blank Club and I've gotta say I'm impressed. Nothing like seeing bands that I love in little hole in the wall joints like this. The drinks were strong, the sound system was crystal clear and the vibe was excellent! We even had time to make some new friends before She Wants Revenge hit the stage. Come here for live music. I don't know about regular DJ nights; I may be a lover but I ain't no dancer...
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,7/17/2011,244,84,12,14,13>soft....boiled....eggs!!!!!!!Its the perfect egg. You would think that anyone could poach or soft boil an egg but apparently you need to come to this ramen house to see how the pros do it. The ramen and broth itself is hearty and flavorful yet not as salty as say santoku. You don't feel guilty for eating their signature ramen (orenchi ramen) for me the normal size is good but feel free to upgrade to a bigger bowl for $1.50. I usually just pay an extra buck for another softboiled eggs. The restaurant itself is spacious and fits a lot of people, which makes sense because it is popular. Parking is no problem because Orenchi is the only business in the plaza that hasn't been murdered by the horrible economy.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,7/16/2011,370,289,8,11,8>If there were a word to describe the service, food, and hottie waitress then the word would be incredible.Number 8 is excellent. broth had the subtle hint of beef, not too salty and not too over powering. the tiger prawn and crab claw is oh so yummy.  The noodles tasted different from typical Pho places and I love it. Banh Khot. its pan fried with a nice size shrimp inside and the toppings which compliment its flavor. Serviced with red leaf lettuce and mint leaves. Generous portion and too filling. i think i could get full by itself. Iced water glasses are the size of beer glasses which is different.Good for any occasion and especially dates.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,7/15/2011,545,312,11,16,12>This is my kind of place.  Dark.  Mysterious.  Friendly bartenders who know their art and take it seriously.Fabulous ambiance, ideal for lounging with good friends and enjoying a quiet evening (this place is amazingly quiet for a popular bar!)And an awesome array of cocktails and craft beer!!!I love that this place is in the basement so cell phones hardly work - yay! no self important business type yelling into his cellphone.  Win!The eight minute Gin Fizz.  Get it.  Don't ask questions.If it's your first time, let them know.And oh, respect the tradition and don't dress like a slob.  Thank you! ~ 4 stars overall for a perfect blend of ingredients to make a lovely evening.  I have no doubt this will get revised to 5 stars in short order.# 225
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,7/13/2011,198,447,12,16,13>We celebrated the twins 6th birthday at MVP and had a great experience. Before I booked the party I had sent an email to inquire about a couple of things and Shosana the party planner replied in a timely manner. She answered all of my questions. On the day of the party Shosana & Co set up the party room for us. We didn't have to lift a finger which was REALLY nice. Only thing I did was put up a poster for the twins friends and family to sign.The play area is HUGE. Great inflatables, clean restrooms (a major PLUS in my book!) and friendly, attentive staff. We were suppose to have a soccer scrimmage game but the kids (and parents) had so much fun playing on the inflatables time flew by quickly. We didn't order our food through Stuft Pizza. Instead we paid the $25 and brought in our own food. Clean up was easy on us because we didn't have to do any :)
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,7/12/2011,405,477,11,14,14>You just can't beat a family owned Italian deli. Chiaramonte's Deli is all about great food without the frills. The interior could definitely use a remodel, but you don't come here for the ambiance. They serve excellent deli sandwiches, but the real attraction are their homemade sausages. If you have never had a delicious Italian sausage sandwich you need to get in your car and drive straight to Chiaramonte's to see what you've been missing. I love coming here to support the family run business and to get a taste of classic Italian cooking.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,7/11/2011,539,247,13,16,14>Kong is the best bibimbab (I think I am spelling that correctly) I've had to date. I just can't believe I didn't know about this crispy rice goodness sooner! All the components you could ever want in one dish that satisfies taste, texture, and hunger.This Korean Tofu BBQ establishent is located in Elephant Bar/Yogurtland plaza off of Stevens Creek Blvd. Although the plaza gets pretty packed, I never have to wait that long for parking. The restaurant is casual, modern, and provides ample seating. My gf and I always manage to find a seat pretty quickly.I highly recommend the bibimbab! Any of the protein options, chicken, beef, or spicy pork with kimchee. I just don't recommend the seafood because it ends up getting overcooked in the hot stone bowl, rubbery seafood = not the business.Every order of bibimbab comes with a generous portion on rice, under a bed of the freshest vegetables, meat, uncracked egg, and kimchee (the kimchee in the bowl is different from the kimchee you get as sides. I highly recommend not stirring up your rice too fast if you are a fan of crispy rice, I let mine sit until I get some good char.The best part of the meal is the unlimited sides, my favorites are the seasoned potatoes I have yet know what's in them and kimchee.Service is stellar, the servers are efficient, friendly, and your food comes out fast, piping hot. My first visit there, an old man who was at the head of the restaurant definitely made my 1st experience at Kong worthwhile. Not sure if he was the owner but he was so sweet and sincere, checking up on us frequently to make sure we had everything (more sides) we needed. Kong is just overrall great value and you think you couldn't end your meal any more happy and satisfied, a free yogurt drink comes with your check to give you that one last smile 8-)
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,7/10/2011,942,253,10,15,14>Pho Lien Noodle House opened up in the spot formerly known as "Lu Bistro."  My hubby used to get a grilled pork banh mi sandwich when it was "Lu Bistro" and told me that the new owners, under the new business name of "Pho Lien Noodle House" have a better menu so we decided to try the other menu items.The interior is much improved, per my hubby, with fresh paint in cheerful colors.  There are more tables available (previously only three) and it is clean though spare in decor.  Behind the cash register, next to the kitchen, you will find photos of a variety of the Vietnamese baguette sandwich "banh mi."  We were greeted warmly by the sister of the new owner (he owns a hair salon in another shopping area nearby) who handed us menus.  There is a large flat screen color tv on the wall facing the dining room area, which was playing the movie "Avatar" at the time of our visit.The menu consists of appetizers, banh mi (baguette sandwiches) rice dishes and rice noodle dishes (which also includes the Pho soups) and a good variety of drinks.  Party tray orders are also available with a two day notice.  For appetizers, they offer Goi Cuon Tom Thit (fresh spring roll w/ shrimp & pork spring rolls), Goi Cuon Chay Tau Hu (fresh spring roll with tofu), Bi Cuon/Chay (fresh spring pork roll or vegetarian roll), Cha Gio Chien (crispy spring roll), Chao Tom Hap Mi (shrimp on sugar cane stick, steamed and then grilled), Cha Oc Hap Xa (Vietnamese snail & ground pork steamed with lemon), Goi Ngo Sen Tom Thit (lotus stem salad with prawn/pork), Goi Du Du Ba Khia Thai Lan (Thai papaya salad with or w/out salt crab and Canh Ga Chien Nuoc Mam Me (Asian chichen wing with tamarind and fish sauce).They offer five types of rice dishes, six noodle soup dishes and two rice noodle dishes with fish sauce.  I tried the Bun Tom Thit Nuon (grilled pork and shrimp over rice noodle with fish sauce) and it was delicious!  All of the ingredients were good quality.  It comes out in a large white bowl with the ingredients arranged beautifully ~ grilled pork/shrimp, thinly sliced cucumbers, daikon and carrot cut in long strips, green lettuce and mint cut like ribbons, sprinkling of crunchy peanuts and a small bowl of fish sauce for you to pour over your bowl.  The hubby ordered a different type of bahn mi and said it was delicious as well.  All of the sandwiches ingredients were top notch and the bread was locally sourced.  The baguette bread was so soft and yummy being the perfect vehicle for the pickled veggies and meat of choice.  The bread is brought in daily for freshness.Currently, they accept cash only.  The hubby shared that accepting ATM/Credit cards would be the way to go considering how many office parks are nearby.  It's a possibility they are looking at.As for the menu, the sister of the owner said they are still tweaking what they plan to offer.  Some items may be on a seasonal basis while others (i.e. bahn mi) will remain a staple.I'm definitely going back to try more of their home cooked meals!  We were told they are bringing their own recipes so there's more to come.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,7/9/2011,262,162,8,10,8>There are times when I crave the Mushroom and Truffle Oil Pizza from Olive in the city, but don't have the time to drive out or the patience to make it on my own. This place provides a great alternative.Our usual is the sausage and mushroom pizza on an amazing thin crust with a side of white truffle oil. Sometimes we like to splurge a little on a couple glasses of wine and appetizers or desserts.I'm bummed they don't offer the smoked salmon bruschetta anymore, but  their special chiles bruschetta with goat cheese was still pretty good. We've had the panna cotta and the hazelnut semifreddo. I liken the semifreddo to an ice cream fererro roche :D YUMS!One of my favorites just because places to make you feel fancy, but won't break the budget!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,7/7/2011,1335,1550,10,13,16>Its a seriously non assuming, no flash, boring looking Japanese Restaurant outside. I must have driven by at least sixty times. Inside is the bare minimum in decor as well. Nothing fancy.The FOOD is something to talk about! Looking at their very simple menu you wouldn't know that this place serves one of the freshest fish, innovative dish and no nonsense approach to customer service.We had the Hawaiian Sashimi Plate with spicy sauce. I was surprised by the amount of fresh fish in the bowl. It could be easily shared by two people. It came mixed with a small amount of squid that gave the dish some added texture. The spicy sauce was a big hit. It was a perfect blend of hot and mild sweetness. Just enough to give it that edge.We also had the California Roll and Dragon Roll. Both equally fresh and attractive looking.The miso soup was perfect. Not salty and hot. The small salad was to die for! We both wanted more. It was sweet and savory sliced cucumber topped with seaweeds. One of the best I've tasted.The lone female staff that served us was an older lady who was very polite, attentive and efficient. She served us some green tea and was back for more refills in time. For two the total was: $40 with tip. The Hawaiian Sashimi Plate was $12.00 by itself.There was a private dining area to your left as you walk in. I will have to check that out soon.Parking is to the back of the restaurant but if you get in early there's two spots right in front. VIP all the way!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,12/1/2013,362,798,6,14,6>So there is such a thing as a free lunch! I came by on a Friday with a group of four other people. We got to partake in a 3 course meal that was prepared by their Level 5 students (one step shy of graduation), 4 if you count the amuse bouche. Basically, the meal is free, though you need to make reservations in advance. You just pay gratuity for what you think the meal is worth as well as for the drinks. They have a decent selection of wines and beers to go with your fancy meal.This time we sampled the following:- Amuse bouche - tamago nigiri with a shiso leaf. I didn't really enjoy this because I don't really enjoy tamago or shiso. There's something that just rubs me the wrong way when it comes to room temperature egg cake thing that is also slightly sweet. I also thought that the portion size was a too as it took me a couple of bites, but I was under the impression that an amuse bouche was meant to be consumed in one bite.- Bread, 2 varieties: focaccia and french baguette. The focaccia was slightly over salted, but quite tasty and still warm. The french baguette was more success as it had achieved the requisite crisp crust and soft interior. Both were served freshly baked out of the oven and both went well with the salted slab of butter that was dropped off with the bread basket. My compliments to the baker.- Appetizer - house made fettuccine with prawns in a arugula pesto. This was really good and I would totally order this as a main course in a restaurant. I only wish that the lemon zest was slightly more prominent or sliced a bit thinner. Also, one of my friends said that her portion was under heated, as if it had been sitting out for too long. The prawns were chopped into smaller pieces and were perfectly cooked. I thought that the lighter arugula pesto contrasted well with the sweetness of the seafood. - Main Course - duck two ways, roasted breast and leg confit. The skin on the breast was nice and crispy, though I wish that the fat had been rendered down a bit more. The leg confit was amazing! I wished that this portion was larger. I didn't care for the mushroom and wine sauce as much finding it a bit too sweet, but I can understand that it's meant to contrast with the fattiness of the duck. I liked the crispy potato cake of thinly sliced potatoes because it had a nice crust and sopped up the sauce really well. I was less a fan of the kale cooked in a buttery, creamy sauce, which I found too heavy.- Dessert - Poached pear and chocolate cake with bourbon spiked vanilla ice cream. This was delicious. The poached pear was sweet without being too heavy and the chocolate cake had soaked up the poaching liquid so it was really moist. The ice cream seemed simple enough until you tasted the bourbon kick at the end. And it came topped off with a really crunchy thin slice of dried pear. If they could package and sell these things, I would be their number one customer. The meal itself was delicious, and even better considering it was FREE! I got a nice red wine to go along with my meal, so all you pay for is your drinks and gratuity for the server. Unfortunately, I would say that the server was having a bit of an off day. I had to keep prompting him to describe our meals because the menu was brief to the point of leaving out many of the ingredients. For example, the branzino entree actually came with scallops as well, but there was no mention at all of this on the menu. He didn't really seem to have much to say, even though I'm sure this is part of his regular routine. And he seemed really subdued and refused to make much eye contact. All in all, though, we had a very nice meal. To give the server some credit, he did tell the kitchen that it was one of our friend's birthdays so they decorated her dessert plate with chocolate spelling out "Happy Birthday!" and her name. I'll definitely come back to enjoy a tasty meal on the cheap. :)
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,11/30/2013,1102,24,26,23,25>Scott is the only man in my life I will NEVER cheat on!!!! Ok I take that back bc I've cheated on him before and always cried for months afterwards. Lesson learned! (All 3 times)!!!Scott is so amazing. He makes my hair so gorgeous. I have been going to him ever since I met him and I love him so!!! Now he's here at Shy with his friend Alan and I'm so happy for them! It's beautiful inside and I couldn't be happier!Gotta come check out their new spot!!!!
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,11/29/2013,648,1725,5,12,5>For the love of everything that is holy, you owe it to yourself to come to this restaurant. My family is almost purely German, and we are fond of traditional food but sadly have lost many treasured family recipes over time. This place is my personal cultural Mecca.As others have said, service is provided by two older sisters who make everything to order, so expect the meal to be lengthy. Take some friends, order beers, and get the conversation going. Everything here is sinfully delicious, from the baked Brie appetizer (a must!) to the potato pancakes and mushroom ragout with dumplings, you will eat your heart out here. The smoked German bratwurst and potato soup are also phenomenal. Everything is so fresh and flavorful and comforting- this is not the place to take that one friend we all have who gripes about calories and chastises your food choices. Come here, order as much as you can eat and share among the table. You will be back for more.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,11/28/2013,1128,746,6,9,8>Mmm, this place is so good you won't be crying uncle- you'll be crying out for your umma and appa! Literally a ma' and pa' shop, so much so we call the couple "umma/mama" or "papa"!A large group of my friends/coworkers celebrated a manager's birthday here for a late night dinner that consisted of good food, drinks and good company. - We ordered 4 #2 combinations which had pork belly (samgyeosal) and brisket. Along side lots of banchan and 3 orders of Kimchi fried rice. - For drinks, numerous bottles of OB (of course) and yogurt soju (be cautious, these are creepers and delicious- if you enjoy Calpico or Yakult!) The pork belly and brisket is frozen like most KBBQ places I've been, but with their butane grilling plates they cook the meat well and evenly. Their plates even drain the excess fat which prevents the plate from getting overly greasy and prevents your meats to boil in their own juices. The pork belly is a bit on the thinner side and not as thick as you would find at Gooyi Gooyi, but still just as good.Good amounts of banchan, my favorites were their Scallion Salad (Pa muchim), Spicy Fish Cake (Uhmook bokkeum), of course their Kimchi and Soybean dipping sauce (ssamjang). Grab a piece of lettuce, place in some pork belly, some scallions salad, kimchi and dip it in the soybean dipping sauce and you got yourself a killer ssangchu super sandwich.Interior is not uberly fancy or modern, but very casual and typical for Korean places that serve alcohol/drinking food. Service was actually surprisingly good as it's run by a couple and has one busboy to take care of the entire place. They don't talk to you too much and may even try to cook for you before you finish chewing what's in your mouth. Man, they are truly Asian parents ... my fellow Asian Americans can probably relate. $400-450 for 16 people, not bad at all for KBBQ and alcohol! We were all stuffed and feeling gooooood!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,11/27/2013,339,216,7,9,7>My favorite hot pot place! Yes, even more than Little Sheep. :XEveryone gets their own individual hot pot (~$15) and you can choose btwn spicy and non-spicy options. Beware though that the non-spicy is a milky broth instead of a clear broth. I usually get the spicy mala pot level 1 spicy. If you don't like the ingredients that come in the spicy option (tendons, intestine, etc) you can switch it out and get the ingredients from the non-spicy version (corn, shrimp, mushrooms, etc) but with the spicy broth. They'll just charge you the price of the spicy version. Pro tip: make a reservation! We made a reservation for party of 5 at 8pm and walked right past all the people scattered out front waiting for a table. Reservations are a hit or miss, but it doesn't hurt to try!Cash only. And you have to ASK for ice! They give you room temperature water to drink but they have ice only if you ask. LOL Also, free hot pot if it's your birthday!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,11/26/2013,282,253,11,11,7>Finally! Bánh mì close to home!!!! A small, clean little shop that I have overlooked for a while, but we stopped by here to grab some sandwiches. I am impressed! We had the grilled chicken and pork, and both were very tasty sandwiches.I was ready to write this review and noticed a Yelper wrote about them violating health codes.  Of course I'm snoopy, so I looked it up. Then I entered in another restaurant I frequent. Oh, they had violations too?! Then I entered another restaurant near my house (really? This one too?!?)... and about 40 minutes later after checking over a dozen of my favorite restaurants I've come to the conclusion that I should buy a giant gerbil wheel and live my life in my happy bubble...... along with some hand sanitizer.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,11/25/2013,853,359,14,15,15>Some of the best sushi I've ever had. I'll be honest, I had my misgivings about going to a sushi place named "Cha Cha." What is it, Latin/Japanese fusion? Nope, found out the owner's last name is Cha. Ok, now I feel stupid. The wait is pretty awful. And you really have to wait around for your name to be called and listen up because they aren't afraid to scratch off names if you don't respond. BUT once you're seated service is actually really quick!But all that matters is the sushi! Oh my god. Freshest fish I've had at a sushi place, and that's saying a lot! We got 4 rolls (there were only two of us...but we were hungry). There was also one complimentary mussel for each of us. Pretty good!The stand out roll was the Brandon Roll. It was basically a roll with a bunch of sashimi on top. Amazing! The highway 87, The Jayden and the Top Gun were also delicious! We entered starving and left happy and VERY full!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,11/24/2013,257,177,5,7,7>Finally tried tea leaf salad for the first time and it was delicious.Came here on a Sunday, when their hours are 11a to 2:30p and then 4:30p and 9p. Arrived at about 2 so we were sort of rushed out. Understandable.Ordered tea leaf salad, brown rice, basil chicken and mango eggplant (gotta have a mango dish - this place is called Sweet Mango after all)Tea Leaf Salad - lotsa different crunchy texture from the nuts, crunchy peas, sliced fried garlic and sesame seeds. The salad is dressed with a vinaigrette so it was light and tangy.Basil chicken was standard. Not much chicken on the dish either.Mango eggplant had a thick gravy and maybe more mango than eggplant.The brown rice came out as single serving. I only ate half the portion and had the rest to go. Funny thing though I felt that the waitstaff was so antsy to get us to go forgot my rice. dangit. I'll definitely come back.. when they're not about to close. I like places where I can have brown rice, Thai, Chinese and Burmese.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/23/2013,475,273,4,8,4>The Table has become one of our favorite San Jose "go-to" restaurants for both brunch and dinner.  You can always depend on them having tasty entrees and delicately handcrafted cocktails.  My husband really enjoys their burger and will also indulge in one of their steaks every now and then, while I like to try out the different vegetarian and fish options they have on the menu.  Service is consistently excellent and the host always recognizes us and welcomes us back when we walk in (always a nice touch!).  They have about 10-12 tables and one very long communal table, so it doesn't hurt to have a reservation (Open Table App) because it definitely fills up quickly.  The bar is on the smaller side, but you will find them to be able to meet all of your alcohol(ic) needs.  Located on the corner of Lincoln and Willow in Willow Glen, they have their own parking lot in the back, but it's nice to park a few blocks away and walk to the restaurant.  You'll find many cute little boutiques, shops, and dessert places along the way!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,11/22/2013,894,377,8,10,8>Yum factor in my book!Came here on a Sunday late afternoon about 2pm. My sweetie and I woke up late and were hungry to try this place. There is a HUGE and I mean HUGE menu. So big that I have to bring my glasses to see everything on the menu. We ordered:-Armando $9.75  which is a savory crepe- chicken, mushrooms,jack cheese red jalapeno, and creamy sauce topped with Parmesan. (I asked for no onions, could do without the red jalapeno b/c it was SPICY! and maybe creamy sauce on the side next time) -BLT $8.95- as simple as it can be on sourdough toasted bread -You get a choice of potatoes, fries, or fruit. FYI the fries are thick cut fries. Not my fave. and comes with a salad on your plate too!-Whispers $7.75 crepe for dessert! A smothering amount of nutella inside and out, bananas, and strawberries with a side of whip cream and vanilla bean ice cream! All for $36. Not too shabby.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,6/21/2014,127,270,13,16,18>As my daughter put it "this place is Fresh". In mom words, this place is refreshing.  Very hip, trendy, and abundantly filled with great food and beverage options.  I love the outdoor seating option and the live music gets an A+ for sure. My husband and I have come here a few times when we couldn't agree on dinner because at least here there's so many options that we both end up happy and full.The atmosphere is geared for both families and singles alike. Casual yet you wouldn't feel out of place dressed up either. A little something for everyone. I'm already looking forward to coming back as the weather warms up on the weekend and just soaking up the sun while noshing on lots of yummy bites. Oh, and the fresh baked cookies smelled SO GOOD!! Gonna grab some of those next time too.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2014,6/20/2014,208,185,9,16,13>Definitely mark the Plumed Horse as a special place for a very special date! Because the prices (especially if you're going for the tasting menu) are most definitely on the verge of a crazy splurge. For the past 8 months or so, I've been playfully complaining to my boyfriend on how unromantic he can be. So for Valentines day, out of nowhere, he decides to surprise me with roses, nothing budnt cakes, and a reservation for this shining Michelin star restaurant with a huge reputation of being amazing. So ladies and gentleman, learn from me when I tell you that y'all need to do the same if you wanted to be treated out to an amazing day. :) Came in for our 5:00 reservation and people were already quickly getting settled in. The Plumed Horse is gorgeous! Classy, elegant, and the atmosphere appears very romantic. Being Valentines day, there were vases with flowers and matching magenta lights that really set the mood. Not to mention that the servers were all accommodating and really nice!The Valentine's special tasting menu was a seven course tasting and it was set at $165 per person (not including tip!) which is pretty crazy. The portions are definitely on the smaller side and out of the seven, we only had two which we didn't really enjoy. 1st: Artichoke Dip - This is one was on the meh side. The maine lobster and dungeness crab were hardly highlighted in taste in this dish, and was somewhat reminiscent of tuna to be honest. 2nd: Fennel Bisque - YUM. This one of of the few I wish was so much larger because almost everything here was so good. The best blue prawn I have ever tasted! It was so fresh, I could seriously taste the sea, hah! The abalone was also quite remarkable. The bisque itself was light and not heavy whatsoever. The oyster crackers were a little strange though, and tasted slightly stale. 3rd: Scottish Ocean Fish Trout - Another OMG BEST TROUT I'VE EVER HAD MOMENT. Trout was a out of this world, buttery-melt-in-your-mouth, and the mushrooms that it came with was perfectly complimentary. 4th: Braised Duck Ravioli - So-so. The ravioli dough wasn't as chewy as I would like, and the braised duck was a little too salty and hardly tasted like duck at all.5th: Prime Beef Tenderloin - Perfect medium rare on the beef, but the stars for me were the sides it came with! The layered potato was so, so good and the oxtail croquette was fantastic! Perfectly crispy and savory.  6th: Vanilla Semifreddo - Really delicious, but way too small! The semifreddo was smooth and had the perfect amount of sweetness and vanilla. The frozen citrus slices it came with were genius!  7th: Valrhona Chocolate Souffle - If you like bitter chocolate, this would probably be your heaven. Since I'm a sweet kind of guy, this wasn't my cup of tea, but the texture of the souffle was spot on. The pistachio anglaise could have had a bit more of a pistachio flavor, but overall, it was a good way to end the meal. This was probably the only dish that was proportioned correctly. SO VERDICT: + COMPLIMENTARY CHAMPAGNE + MOSTLY AMAZING FOOD+ GREAT SERVICE + AMAZING BREAD (GET THE FOCACCIA) - Very small portions. If you are REALLY hungry, you might not be satisfied. - Some dishes weren't particularly inspiring. - Extremely, extremely pricey. Our meal came out to an overall of $400 dollars. No joke yo. We also received roses and a small box of chocolates after our delicious meal. So sweet! Overall, I'd recommend you try the tasting menu at least once for the experience. The only thing that doesn't make the plumed star a five star kind of place is the slightly ridiculous pricing for the portions of the tasting menu. I'll definitely be back to check out the A la carte though!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,6/19/2014,1335,1550,17,29,23>I've never seen chocolates so shiny, cute, colorful and decadent. With names like Sweet Potato Casserole (A classic crowd pleaser is made with fresh-roasted sweet potato caramel and layered with toasted marshmallows wrapped in a milk chocolate shell.) Spiked Egg Nogg (The taste of a comforting winter drink with a dash of rum, nutmeg, and cinnamon wrapped in dark chocolate.) Christmas Tree (Enjoy happy hour and the definitive holiday flavor or smell of pine blended with dark chocolate.) While Russian (Fresh brewed Flying Goat Coffee and vodka in dark chocolate is a tempting tribute to a classic drink). Cranberry with Sage (An incredible combination of fresh cranberries with a slight hint of sage is sure to bring flashbacks of those special holiday feasts). To name a few.Depending on the season, the raspberries, peaches, lemons, pears, apples, and many other fruits used in their collections come directly from the local farmer's markets in Berkeley.They go to great lengths to find the best nuts in the world-pistachios from Sicily are hand-roasted for the perfect puree; Ennis hazelnuts from a small farm in Washington have proven to be the sweetest hazelnuts, perfect for chocolates.Every chocolate has a pinch of fleur de sel salt from Camargue, France to best balance the sweet, sour, and bitter experience in each bite.They air spray the chocolates using food coloring and vegetable oil. The end result is chocolate art in its finest form. A balance of beauty and exquisite taste.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,6/18/2014,304,267,26,30,25>Where's the meaaaaaaaaaaaat?!?....It's here at Palace BBQ Buffet!!!***Best Korean BBQ AYCE Buffet in the Bay Area****Have you ever been to a Korean place and paid an arm and leg for BBQ Short Ribs and you're left wanting more/unsatisfied?....I know I have!?!....At Palace BBQ you can eat as many short ribs your fat gut can hold and trust me that's actually what I did here!!!Step 1: Walk in and wait to be seated.Step 2: Once seated, order your drinks (they also have beer here)Step 3: Grab a plate and go try the appetizers first (yes the meat is very tempting but wait till Step 5)Step 4: Eat your apps. and get your grill warmed up by the hostessStep 5: Grab a another plate and Beast Mode yourself towards the meat!!!Types of Meat:BBQ BeefShort RibsSpicy ChickenTeriyaki ChickenChicken GizzardSpicy PorkPork BellyBeef BrisketStep 6: Don't forget to try other items like: Pumpkin Soup, Tripe, and Shrimp.Step 7: Unbutton your pants, breathe!?!Step 8: Eat, Eat, and Eat some more! Step 9: Have Alex L serve you some vanilla yogurt from the yogurt machineThis place is the ultimate place if you are looking to get your meat fix.  I've been to other all you can Korean Buffets, but this place is hands down the best Korean BBQ AYCE Buffet in the bay area!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,6/17/2014,695,1142,10,14,10>Did I just find a gem the Seafood City plaza? As a general understanding, restaurants that tend to combine foods of different cultures tend to suffer in quality. Regardless, my boyfriend and I still pursued Korea Garden and were very pleasantly surprised with what we had.The banchan side dishes are some of the best I've had in a long time. They came with fish cake, potatoes, tofu, and broccoli. I couldn't get enough. Even though the Suk U Tofu soup (beef and seafood) is not the best we've had, it faired decently. It's spicy but you can ask to have it adjusted so your tongue doesn't suffer from charred taste buds. The dish of the gods was the chicken bulgogi. Imagine the most succulent, juicy, plump, marinated chicken that you haven't had in a while. This is what you've just been dreaming about.I was full for about 8 hours after that. I didn't need anything else but banchan and chicken bulgogi all day long. The total came to less than $25. I was happy and was rolled out to my car.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/16/2014,293,44,19,31,23>We used to be diehard fans of Evvia Estiatorio in Palo Alto. However, after giving this newcomer a go, there's no longer a need for us to drive across town! The addition of an upscale rustic chic Greek resto was the breath of Mediterranean air that this city needed for its tired downtown streets.Octapodi: Time and time again, chefs will miss the mark when cooking and serving a notoriously rubbery octopus--you can almost always expect to undergo an extensive jaw workout. Enter Nemea, who sets the gold standard for their preparation of octopus; unhindered by beer batters and thick tomato sauces, the octopus is simply drizzled with high-quality olive oil and topped with a sprinkling of oregano. Nemea's octapodi salata adds fresh arugula, peppers, frisée, and red wine vinaigrette. Served either way, the tender octopus speaks for itself. Order it and never look back.Avgolemono soup: fresh egg lemon fumet with organic chicken breast and rice. The fumet is light and citrusy, and would make a fine option for a light lunch, but there aren't too many dimensions to this soup. Probably the only thing I wouldn't order again, as it is easily forgettable.Ktenia: pan-fried day boat scallops with wild mushroom risotto. This may very well be the best risotto that both I and the Italian food-aficionado hubs have ever had. The earthy, flavour-packed wild mushroom permeates throughout the risotto, cooked just to the perfect al dente. The day boat scallops are among the sweetest and freshest I've had, served consistently with a lovely crisp and caramelized crust.Paidakia: mesquite grilled rib cut lamb chops with braised greens, Nemea potatoes, and lemon vinaigrette. Nemea's lamb chops are more generously sized and packed with more flavour than are Evvia's. This is a solid option for red meat cravings, as the entree is lean and well-portioned just enough to fill (and maybe require a below-the-table loosening of a belt notch or two), but not enough to cause you to drive home in a foggy, food-induced stupor.Arni kokinisto: aromatic braised lamb shank over orzo pilaf and Myzithra cheese. Of the lamb dishes, this was my favourite. This is fall-off-the-bone, melt-in-your-mouth, eyes-rolling-back-with-pleasure lamb. At Nemea, it's paired with orzo pilaf, whose stubborn texture has been slowly coaxed to a boldly flavourful tenderness with butter and lamb stock, then flecked with fresh herbs.Galaktobourekos: semolina custard wrapped in phyllo dough, topped with orange marmalade and pistachio ice cream. How could a warm, sweet custard wrapped in crispy dough and served a la mode possibly go wrong? It's fun to say, and it's definitely fun to eat!Sokolatina: warm dark chocolate cake with chocolate mousse, honey cream, and Kahlua Dutch almond ice cream. For those who prefer a subtler sweet treat, this is your dessert of choice.Nemea is indubitably the best Greek restaurant choice for any occasion; it's casual enough for a weeknight dinner, and classy enough for a first date. Or your grandparents' golden anniversary. Or your nephew's high school graduation. Or your sister-in-law's baby shower. Any occasion, really--set up a reservation. You won't regret it!
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2014,6/15/2014,55,136,15,21,17>Tofu..tofu..tofu loveI grew up loving the silken tofu (taho) as I wake up in the weekend mornings with a special kind of alarm in urban Philippines.  These mornings would be woken up by calls by this street vendor carrying two metal pails with silken tofu and syrup with tapioca pearls...I remember scrambling out of the bed and grabbing loose change and an empty drinking glass to rush outside our house to meet our "taho" vendor.  After paying the usual fare i would have a warm glass filled with creamy goodness which will be my sustenance in the early parts of the day. From that I learned to appreciate the firmer versions which is either fried, stuffed, sauteed or steamed as I matured. Going to this place made me rekindle those memories and enjoy the variety of this special kind of curd. They have flavored ones which were stuffed with onion leaves and mushrooms while others infused with lemon grass and chilies. They also offer other vietnamese food from shrimp cakes, fried bananas,  spring rolls and stuffed rice sheets. The tofu isn't directly produced by the store compared to the other place that we go to but it does give you a different variety which I like. It is a bit far from where I live but since my friend does live within the area, I have a reason to pass by again to sample their other items.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,6/14/2014,456,384,15,17,12>Looked back at my reviews and saw that I previously gave Gochi 4 stars. BLASPHEMY!I have had the pleasure of visiting this place about 6 times now (7 if you count my one time during their lunch hours but I'm going to pretend that one didn't happen). And each time I left the restaurant with my stomach in perfect bliss.Like my review before, I definitely recommend you making reservations ahead of time. It's almost impossible to expect a table within a reasonable amount of waiting time during dinner hours on the weekends or for groups more than 4 or 5. Place has the traditional shoes off and tatami mats so better hope your feet don't stink or that you have some funky looking toenails.It's tapas style so of course the dishes are going to be of smaller portions but that doesn't do anything to minimize the gargantuan flavors of each dish. Their specials menu changes daily so you never know what you might be able to get each time you go there. For starters (well actually pretty much most of the dishes could be considered starters) I recommend getting some type of carpaccio/sashimi plate. Like the himachi one in ponzu sauce and olive oil. So simple, so damn frickin' good. Or tai hassai salad which is a red snapper salad that just oozes freshness for both the fish and the greens. Also try a grilled dish, like grilled cow tongue. Smoky, light, and oh so perfectly seasoned as to let the true natural flavors of the tongue stand out. Lengua so good.They also have fusion pizzas, my favorite's the kurobuta pork, miso sauce, wild mushroom, and cheeses. I really don't know how to properly describe it but let's just say it's like a combination of a pork belly bun and a wood fired mushroom pizza. Delicious to the last bite. All of their meats are of such high quality that their seemingly simple preparations and cooking methods are all that's needed to truly enjoy their flavors without being overpowered by unnecessary seasoning, ingredients, or presentation.But by far the best item and must get on the whole menu in my expert fatass opinion is the Sake Oyako Meshi or grilled salmon & salmon roe clay pot rice. First please hold while I wipe off the drool from my mouth and tears from my eyes as I reminisce about the dish so that I can accurately describe it's wonderfully exquisite flavors. They bring out the dish in a clay pot and generally asks if you want the dashi fish broth on the side and the answer is an overwhelming hell yes. Then the server goes and mixes up the rice by scraping the semi-burnt layers on the bottom of the pot and into the grilled salmon and roe. The top layer of rice is so utterly sweet and moist. Then they serve it in individual bowls and this is where you grab some of the dashi broth from the kettle and pour it over your bowl. Each bite consists of amazing fish flavor from the broth and salmon, the crunchiness of the burnt bottom rice, the saltiness of the roe, and finally, the sweetness of the rice and grilled salmon. It's wet, slightly mushy, crunchy, juicy, and just overall 100% kick you in the nuts fantastic. Bold and delicate flavors all into one! OH GOD I WANT SOME RIGHT NOW~!!!   D:Then for dessert a must is the green tea creme brulee. Order one for yourself and under no circumstances should you share it. In fact if you're on a date, order one for her and two for yourself so that you're not tempted to try hers while she's slowly picking away at it when your first one is already gone. I'm not even going to get into how delicious the dish is because as of right now I'm going through some bad withdrawals.I wuv you Gochi... except for during lunch time because the menu bares no resemblance at all to the dinner menu and it contains extremely overpriced mediocre sashimi lunch combinations.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,6/13/2014,440,163,6,8,6>My first time here and it was wonderful. I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and Pork Cutlet combination meal ($11), which also included rice, miso soup, and salad. My boyfriend also ordered the Beef Teriyaki and Pork Cutlet combination (12.95).What really impressed me was that there was so much food for such a reasonable price! The Chicken Teriyaki was really moist and I really enjoyed the teriyaki sauce that came with it. The salad was also delicious and went well with the sesame dressing. AND the Beef Teriyaki that my boyfriend ordered was my absolute favorite! Just imagine a thin cut steak, cooked medium rare, drenched in yummy Teriyaki sauce. So good!The only issue I had was my pork cutlet being a bit dry. It tasted better once I dipped it in the barbecue sauce. Also, cash only!! The table behind me was freaking out when they realized this place was cash only. Apparently they only had a credit card with them, not even a debit card to withdraw cash from the local ATM... The guy ended promising the owner he'll come back the next morning to pay him for the food...
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,6/12/2014,37,155,6,11,4>Heard a lot of good things about this place: all my yelp friends gave it 5 stars and I've also heard about it before through word of mouth.  Good sign so far yea?Finally got to make my way to this place as the last time I wanted to come, they were closed.  Parking was not a problem.  I made the rookie mistake of lining up in the wrong line for a few seconds before realizing that was the order pick up line and the actual line to order was through the door.  It was not a big list of things on the menu but the two that mattered were top of the menu.  Easy choice as I wanted to try the falafel and the girlfriend wanted to try the sabich as she loves eggplant.  We order and had to stand in the cold weather as the long line to pick up was realy slow.  The cashier walked over to offer us samples of their falafels as this was a nice gesture and a delicious one at that.  Once we made it to the front of the line, it almost seemed like a chipotle assembly line except instead of moving down the assembly line, they would double back so you'd get the perfect balance of veggies, sauce, and magic in your pita bread.  It made sense that was why the line was so long, their lack of efficiency is made up with how amazing the end product is.Taking the food togo to eat in a comfy home setting, as I took my first bite of my falafel sandwich - pickles + spicy, I had a long grin on my face as it was amazing.  In fact I'm salivating right now as I write this review.  It was the perfect amount of flavor and spice for me.  There was a similar reaction by the girlfriend with her own sandwich and though I'm really not a fan of eggplant, I tried it and could not detect the vile texture and taste of eggplant that I despise so in actuality, it was delicious.I'll come back in the future since the consensus was 5 stars.Servers = super friendly, all were very nice and all smilesJust wish they had an extra set of ingredients and extra hands so they could serve more people at a faster rate, but maybe the intimate small shop is what they are going for.  After all its Falafel Stop, not Falafel Kingdom.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,9/19/2009,290,302,22,23,23>I've been putting this review off for over a year now and its purely for selfish reasons. I've always wanted to keep this little gem to myself, but since the yelp gods decided to make me Elite status, I have responsibilities now, so I guess its only fair I let you all know why the Wine Cellar is my #1 Los Gatos haunt.First off the food... The Wine Cellar has an elegant but simple menu. They have had the same head chef for over four years but he hasn't lost any of his edge. All the dishes are top notch, with my favorite treat being the Abalone special, which is cooked to perfection. My lunchtime recommendations include the juicy Carna Asada sandwhich, the awesome Baja Tacos or the simple but hearty French Onion Soup. After a hard day at the office (cough), I always have a struggle deciding whether to go for the Sesame Ahi Tuna, the Duck Confit or the delicious Short Ribs. All amazing dishes and all are sure to fill you up.As for the ambience, when I walked in and heard Zero-7 playing in the background, they had me hook, line and sinker. Outside, there's a great little patio for kicking back, chillin, enjoying a cocktail or three and doing a bit of people watching, Los Gatos style. Inside, its warm, cozy & inviting with just the right amount of mood lighting. It's no surprise this place has won awards for "Best place for a date" or "Best Romantic Restaurant".The staff are young, vibrant, enthusiastic & helpful. Finally, I couldn't complete this review without mentioning my favorite barman, Dave. He easily takes the Wine Cellar to a six star review. He has a thorough knowledge of wine, can make a mean cocktail, always knows when I'm ready for a refill and is entertaining, funny and sincere. By the time I grab my seat at the bar, there's always a fresh Stella or a Liberty waiting for me. What a guy... (Enough with the poor Scottish jokes though dude!)
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,9/18/2009,1596,841,38,46,44>Disclaimer: My review is based upon a prie fixe from a holiday party I was invited to. Like all good stories, a friend found me and asked what I was doing on the night of his company dinner. Hmm...I don't know what I'm doing. I never know what I'm doing. But for the Plumed Horse, I'll make an exception and say that I'll put off what I could possibly be doing during that time. The recent history behind the restaurant is that they went through a new remodel and have recently earned a Michelin star. Score for me! The front lobby looks more like a living room with suave decor, low cushioned sofas, and a fireplace. They have a special room on the side that's reservation only for a party of 6+ (I believe) and they feature a huge window where you can watch the chefs frantically work to prepare your meal. If you reserve this room, supposedly you give the restaurant a price range and they prepare you whatever the chef wants to cook and bring out to you. Sounds like lots of fun. Now to get a job to pay for such a meal...So onto the part where I actually ate...Well first stop into the room was to the open bar. They have a lot of liquor. Stuff I've never heard of. Stuff that I'm afraid of, if you know me and my notoriously low alcohol tolerance. I'm too afraid of public humiliation to tell the bartender to surprise me, so it's soda for me! Before I get onto the food, I must mention that the lighting in the back room is kind of annoying. They have these huge lights that look like psychedelic plants or something, and they shift color throughout the night. In combination with the low lighting, it made me feel kind of queasy. So the food for the evening as written on the handy dandy placard:Butter Lettuces (Shaved fennel, radish, pine nut vinaigrette): Ack, the first thing I see is the pine nut! I'm scared of the salad and I ask the waiter if they can substitute a different salad or omit the dressing and they give me the same salad with a simple evo/balsamic blend. For a simple medley of vegetables, it was pretty good. I mean the lettuce was fresh and crisp, and the vinaigrette was balanced. Mushroom Soup (Chive creme fraiche):This was served table side. That means that you got your bowls with the creme fraiche with the chives sprinkled in, and they poured in the soup at the same time. I was just a little bitter because I got half a bowl and my date for the evening got a full bowl. It was so good! It wasn't too mushroomy, or too creamy, or too much of anything but divine. I used a cheesy word, but it was very appropriate. I think if I were in the privacy of my own room, I'd lick the bowl clean. Tamarind Glazed Scottish Salmon (Forbidden black rice, oyster mushroom):This is what I ordered for my entree since I had ribs twice during the week already and I had sampled a bunch of ribs from Trevese earlier in the afternoon. (I hit up 2 Michelin star restaurants in one day, I know! I'm totally ballin'!) I'm normally not a fan of cooked fish, especially salmon, since I enjoy sashimi infinitely more. The salmon was cooked perfectly, not tough or chewy in any way, and the flavor wasn't overpowering either. I was also very bought by the forbidden rice, since it's forbidden and it intrigues me. Note that I also don't like rice. I'm a bad Asian. Anyways, the forbidden black rice was really good. Fat fat kernels of rice bursting with flavor. It may have been cooked in some kind of broth, I'm not sure. Or maybe it was the tamarind sauce. I don't want to over speculate. It was delicious, don't question it. Braised Beef Short Ribs (Purple potato puree, herb salad):I stole a few bites from my date's plate. Nom nom nom. They were good for me eating ribs a lot that week. I liked the potato that it came with as well, but even though it was good, I'm really glad I went with the salmon. Dessert Cart:For dessert, they wheeled around this impressive cart with cute little bite sized sweets. I asked which ones contained nuts and I was left with a brownie bite, a lemon tartlet, and passionfruit gelaze...which were like really sweet fruit flavored gummies. mMmMm tasty. I was really on the fence about what to review this place. Dinner was superb, but since I wasn't paying for it, there was nothing to complain about. Would I be satisfied if I had paid $50? Yes. $100? I'm not so sure. The pricing may warrant 4 stars and I was kind of agonizing over it, but I won't know until I eat here and shell out the dough for myself. So I will research and get back to you ;)As I was walking around, I passed by their wine cellar. It's ridiculously huge and completely transparent. A waiter was very kind and let me walk inside and gave me a tour of the restaurant. He was also telling me the prices of the wines and the history of the place. It's nice to know if I trip and fall, the wine I break will likely cost more than the money I'd earn in a lifetime. That's fancy. The service here is awesome and truly makes this feel like 5 stars!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2009,9/17/2009,386,185,21,35,50>I'm not trying to come off as some "Billy Badass" attempting to inform the Yelp community that I have some ink even though it might be beneficial in the end. Kidding. Truth is, tattoos usually correlate with the tough-guy type(ie. motorcycle enthusiasts and the majority of inmates in San Quentin). I, however, am neither. A tattoo to me is personal and mine is very meaningful. Almost 3 years ago to this day my babysitter/mom passed away. She was an amazing woman. Her entire life was spent in the service of those less fortunate. Besides having 4 children - all boys - of her own, she took me in when I was 5 during a rough time in my father's life. He was a single dad trying to make ends meet working two jobs and I was at the age where I was getting involved in school and extracurricular activities--mainly sports. My babysitter and her husband took me in with no questions asked. Funny thing is, she often frustrated my father with her amazing essence. For example, he would try to pay her for her services; but instead of accepting the money, she would give it to me and have me sneak it back into my dad's wallet when I got back home. So she was helping raise and feed me for free. On top of that, she volunteered and ran the local food distribution making sure all the migrant families in the area could put food on the table. Add on top of that the infinite hours spent volunteering at the local Church ensuring a clean house of worship. Talk about the epitome of selflessness. When she passed away due to a freak aneurysm, the only way I knew how to carry her memory with me forever was by staining my skin with a stamp of rememberance. I was referred to House of Pain by my roommate at the time. He had work done on him by Marty and highly recommended me in following his guidance. I did. Walking into the establishment, I knew what I wanted: Chinese symbol of the word, "Faith". Marty followed my instruction and added some amazing coloring and technique to make the tattoo look branded into my arm. Sick. 3 years later, I still get compliments on it. Marty is a cool dude too. I told him the story behind the tattoo and him being a soulful man himself picked me up with his own tormenting trials of lossed loved ones. So not only is he a gifted artist, but he is also a down to earth, cat. I can dig it.Thanks, Marty.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,9/16/2009,576,429,22,27,25>On my quest for the comfiest booths (yelp.com/list/for-all-yo), we made a reservation for 2 people at 8pm.While waiting for our table (no more booths) to be cleaned, another couple came in, same reservation and. Got. Sat. At. A. Booth.Oh. Hell. No.So pretty much we threw a huge fit and quickly regretted it. They were very apologetic about it and told us the people were regular and made the reservation a week earlier (we made it that day). Ashamed, we waited an extra 40 minutes for a booth to open up.The booth we sat at was only meant for 2 people, one person on each side, but we managed to squeeze ourselves onto 1 side. Awesome! We ordered the following items:+ Braised Rock Cod: I don't even eat cooked fish but this was pretty tasty! For $18, the portion was bigger than the others and came with turnips or something.+ Fried Octopus Legs: Standard drinking food, crispy on the outside and super chewy on the inside.+ Chicken Karaage: I loved it! Loved the mayo-like sauce too!+ Monkfish Liver Wrapped In Halibut: Very very good, my favorite dish! Loved the sour, tangy sauce and the creamiest of the livers. Overall, very refreshing to all the hot food.- Fried Rice Ball with Spicy Cod Roe (yaki onigiri): OVERRATED! What's the big fuss over grilled rice?+ 1 large, very hot sake.=$60.I'm usually not a fan of izakaya since I have to eat so much to get full but this meal was surprisingly filling and the atmosphere was fun! I'd come back again:)Cuddle Factor: Booths were comfortable if you manage to squeeze onto one side or get a bigger booth. Cozy atmosphere, dim, low lighting that my bf hit his head on, made for an awesome night....Minus smelling like I walked into a house on fire.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,9/15/2009,279,310,12,16,16>Crema is a cafe that answers the call of those wanting to escape their normal day to day Starbucks and all those damn green aprons.Right on the Alameda, on the right if headed downtown across from Chipotle, which means this place is in my normal stomping ground...and I have to say I like it here. I have given up coffee for the most part and have decided only to indulge once in a while...which means this place will not be getting the love out of me that it probably deserves...in fact the last time I came was to only have it sandwiched by lunch and after coffee drinks...I love the decor and the atmosphere here, nothing pretentious everything is bright and open and I don't get the snooty feel in here that I have sensed at other cafes. Definitely a place you have to check out, good coffee, good people and nice service. I like the outdoor patio the best even if last time there was a couple dry humping...oh San Jose...
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,9/13/2009,222,319,10,15,12>While in the area waiting for my car window to be fixed, I decided to walk over to Cherry Sushi for lunch. I remembered Donna Y's gushing reviews about the sushi and the mention of cute waitresses working there. Got me sold!It wasn't crowded yet as the lunch hour was just getting started but as my meal progressed the work people on their lunch break were filling the restaurant quickly. Indeed a cute waitress came by and took my order, which was a 2-item lunch combo (chicken katsu and salmon sashimi) and an order of the Red Rock sushi. I thought the lunch combo was elegantly separated on their plate. Golden, crispy chicken katsu evenly sliced up in the upper left corner. Crisp japanese salad with a peanutty vinaigrette in the upper right. Huge, fresh, and bright orange slices of salmon sashimi in the lower left. A warm dome of steaming white rice in the lower right. Everything was delicious! I thought I would only get 3 slices of salmon sashimi but it came with 5 or 6. No complaints there! And the lunch combo comes with a hot bowl of miso soup.The Red Rock sushi was great as well. I thought I would get 4 pieces but when the plate came 8 ginormous pieces were presented before me. Oh happy day! I could only eat half of it so I took the other 4 to-go with me for a snack later on.Definitely a great deal for the 2-item lunch combo ($9.95) and it fills you up. I'll be back to try more of their other items.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,9/12/2009,696,211,23,24,23>==Black & Brown is right across from Mel Cotton's! ==A bit further down San Carlos than XR (crossroads) is just so you know! They don't have their own parking lot either so you'll have to park alongside the street.More boutique-ish than the average consignment stores, and definitely more trendy and up-to-date than Savers. Super friendly gals work the floor and register, and they really don't mind helping you out! I saw brands ranging from no-names to Chanel. Prices from $7 tops to $23 jackets to $33 7jeans. Looking for shoes? Find them on top of the racks! They're already separated by sizes for you. Towards the back you have accessories in the glass case at the register, bags galore on the wall, and belts too! I find myself having a better time shopping here than at other consignment/thrift stores. I wouldn't call Black and Brown a "vintage" store though coz nothing here is aged from the 1920's. It's more retro if you want to get technical. I get tons of compliments from my finds here. Like my H&M top I bought for $7, $2 frenchie hat, and these shoes by Stuart Weitzman that I managed to score at $16 -- these bad boys are usually up there in the hundreds. Since your 401k isn't looking so sweet, B&B is for sure a great place to buy some 'well-loved' clothing minus spending crazy amount of dollars -- especially in this craptaculous economy. P.S. Come here to sell your clothes as well, they accept a variety of styles plus you get $$ for it! And at the very back of the store is a small art gallery with local artist's paintings. THAT is awesome.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2009,9/11/2009,207,317,9,11,11>After months of being nudged by a friend to try it, I finally made it over to Barefoot Coffee Roasters. In fact, I'm writing this review from Barefoot while using their free WiFi.I got a cup (and refill) of their regular brewed coffee -- wow, it is far superior to the coffee that I'm used to. This is not your watered down Starbucks creation. This is serious coffee for serious coffee drinkers. I feel a little like an impostor, since I'm not all that serious a coffee drinker. Shhh. Don't tell anyone! (Oh, and I can feel the caffeine coursing through my veins....)Is the coffee better than other non-chain coffee shops in general? I need to try more options (including their espresso) before coming to any conclusions about that. If the regular drip coffee is any indication of the rest of their menu, I think Barefoot may fit right in with the best coffee shops in Seattle.After ordering the coffee and a blueberry muffin (which was moist and tasty) from the friendly employee, I found a great little table in the corner right next to the bar and a power outlet. The atmosphere is mellow with people chatting, studying, working on laptops. I love that it's bright and open with tall ceilings and funky wall art.I had to knock off a star because I would have really liked to have some fruit and/or yogurt or another healthier option, but their only food choices come in the form of pastries.Overall, though, I've been having a pleasant time and don't feel rushed to give up my table.Looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/19/2009,9/10/2009,2146,741,31,22,22>I like free things and Temple was free. The DJ, however, never played Billie Jean as I requested. Also, what is with everything in San Jose closing so early (1:30 am)? Goddamn culture shock from my Taiwan partying days.I actually bumped into two people I really did not expect to see here, but liked seeing, so that was very cool, but had little to do with Temple besides it apparently being THE party spot in San Jose. Temple was really packed. It's not a very elegant place...rather the opposite.There were also some very large people bustin' moves, which I hadn't seen before. I was impressed, no sarcasm intended. I can't dance for shit myself.  While we were sitting, Mina T. told one of the guys who approached us to give me a lap dance, despite my protests. It was actually not traumatizing, although it did absolutely nothing for me. I think that even if you hooked me up to one of those physiology machines you would find nothing.The guys here in general are okay-looking, bold, and a little annoying. You also have your typical awkward dudes trying not to look awkward by dancing awkwardly alone but not really alone because they are physically close and inching closer to other people who are not really with them and pretend not to notice but they are laughing inside.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,9/8/2009,294,926,9,13,13>Small Pupusa and El Salvador-proud spot with delish food and wonderful people. 4.6 stars Eve award: my favorite pupusas I've had. Makes my "Eve's best of food" picture wall! Cost to worth it rating: 4.5 (pupusa for $2.25, people! I think I was channeling Flor there.) Highlights: - Pupusas (duh): they have a load of different things on the menu (tacos, burritos, seafood, etc.), but pupusas are the reason you come here. Hot, puffy, and delish insides. Ah, what a lovely round beauty. The freshest ones I've had--you order it and we make it like Jack in and Box says but here they really do to perfection. No hiding that these are fatty, but it wasn't crazy sopping "OMG did I really eat that?" guilt ridden greasy. -- Revuelta: my absolute fave with the combo of pork, cheese, and beans all mixed up and stuffed inside the masa paddy puck/frisbee of goodness. Most flavorful one of the bunch for sure. -- Different types: besides the standards they had zucchini and cheese, carne asada and cheese, another cheese variety I didn't recognize (loroco), and rice flour ones as options. -- Gluten free: I believe it is, as it's made with masa which is corn flour, but don't quote me if you're deathly allergic. For me I'm just happy it's not a wheat-heavy edible item. -- Combo: for a few dollars more, you can combo it with your choice of 2 pupusas with accompaniments of rice, beans, and plantains - Decor: Viva El Salvador! From maps to wall art--everything screamed their country pride. Only thing that would have made it better was if Allison from American Idol popped out and rocked a song. ;-) - Staff: the guy behind the counter was the best! Such a warm, energetic, friendly, helpful happy to have people in the restaurant guy. He didn't mind at all that my friend brought in a bottle of liquor for our group (as long as he could have some). ;-) - To go friendly: They just packed the order in a box and bag, had it ready for me when i left, and the hub could share in the pupusa eating fun at home. BTW he loved em.Midlights: - Jalapeno cheese pupusa: was nice and I enjoyed it, but was missing the heat. It tasted more like a green bell pepper pupusa. Also love it when there are a bit of crispy burnt cheese remnants on the sides but that's just a nit. Lowlights: - I just wanted a side of plantains (banana-y semi-sweet) instead of the full beans and rice and plantains combo with my order, but instead I got a full order for $5. Not much and I did get a ton, but with the pupusas so inexpensive, would be nice to have a smaller portion inexpensive side to pair with it. Yeay to our Perfect Pupusa Party hosted here by a Pretty, Peppy, and Popular Pupusa Pisco Pal in Flor D.! I can't wait to go back and have some more. :-)
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,5/8/2012,849,1374,7,13,12>I think we finally found our burrito place, though granted we only tried three places. La Costena was eh, and Tres Potrtillos had potential, but Las Muchachas was the clear winner. (Still, it's no Andale but I can't drive to Los Gatos whenever I feel like a burrito.) After the ill-fated trip to La Costena whenever I wanted to try a new burrito place I'd look at Yelper Dan B.'s list.Dan B. recommended the mole and even though it wasn't an option on the burrito menu, they added it for $1. SO glad I did that. It gave the chicken burrito a more complex flavor. We also had a regular chicken burrito (which comes with rice and beans - I chose pinto instead of refried), with guac for $1. It was good and I added salsa to it which improved things. (I would have preferred pico de gallo like at Andale.) The meat in both burritos was probably dark meat (I'm a white meat snob), but was fine.Las Muchachas appears to specialize in seafood platters and other Mexican specialties. Burritos occupy relatively little menu space and they don't have a big burrito making operation on the front counter. All burrito business is done in the back.One thing I liked was that without even telling me they packaged up my chips and salsa to go. The chips were nice and thick, the salsa average.I walked out spending $13 for both burritos, and together we were only able to finish one. No worries, the other one held up well for not one, but two more lunches!
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,5/6/2012,154,237,6,10,9>"Fine Dining Meets American Comfort Cuisine" is the motto of Scratch and I find it quite fitting. As many have said, a restaurant like this has been long overdue on Castro St. and I'm glad they're here! The ambiance is warm & inviting with a large oval shaped bar in the middle and modern, warm coppery colors compliment the large space well. It's a breeze to use OpenTable to make your reservations, however, they may not be needed depending on the day/time you go, but who doesn't want their OT points?! They have an extensive selection of handcrafted, unique cocktails which sound really yummy-for example, "Salted Caramel Chocolate Surprise" which looks as good as it sounds! There was also an extensive list of different vodka, whiskey, aperitifs and other spirits, some common, others not. Not only is this a fine establishment for lunch or dinner, I could see it a nice place to have cocktails and appetizers at the bar. They offer a nice, but not overwhelming array of dishes (Pizza, chicken, steak, duck, pork, fish, etc) to suit anyone's palette, including a vegetarian menu. Service was friendly enough and adequate, but there were too long of time gaps at points where the waiter should've come and didn't. It took too long to get the bill & pay as well. While here for dinner, my friend & I had: MINT JULEP-Bourbon, fresh mint. Not the best Mint Julep I've had, wouldn't order again. LAVENDER SIDE CAR-Brandy, house honey lavender syrup. This drink was good, but the lavender was more about the smell that hit you before drinking it, otherwise, it was simply like sweetened liquor. Still creative though and not commonly seen on cocktail menus. APPETIZER of BACON WRAPPED, CHORIZO STUFFED MEDJOOL DATES nicely presented on beds of frisee w/a romesco sauce and feta cheese. Very good balance of salty sweet w/the crispy bacon & dates. Would order again! ENTREE of FRIED CHICKEN-Served w/mini cornbread muffins, brandy-lavender honey, mashed potatoes, sauteed vegetables. I don't eat a lot of fried food, but this was very light, not greasy tender chicken that was very flavorful. It had 1 drumstick & 2 breast pieces. Loved the cornbread muffins w/uniquely, but subtly flavored honey and sides were fine. DESSERTS: LEMON ICE BOX CAKE filled w/caramel, topped w/meringue. This had potential to be very delicious, the citrus was nicely balanced, the other elements worked well together, but it was far too sweet, which greatly detracted from it. BERRY COBBLER w/homemade crumbly topping & vanilla ice cream. I've always loved the contrast of a warm cobbler and frozen ice cream. This was a very good dessert and much more enjoyable since it wasn't sickeningly sweet like the other one. Overall, I enjoyed my meal here and the overall experience, so I look forward to returning sometime in the near future!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/5/2012,601,744,5,8,7>We love stopping at this place whenever we're in Santa Cruz. There are soooo many delicious ice cream flavors to choose from and the place just has that old-skool ice cream parlor, rustic Santa Cruz vibe. What we shared/swallowed:PISTACHIO: This scoop was loaded with pistachio but almost tasted minty.BLACKBERRY: This scoop was full flavored with berries. BERRILICOUS!MEXICAN CHOCOLATE: This scoop was a rich decadent chocolate with loads of cinnamon-y goodness. One of my favorites!PECAN PRALINE: This creamy vanilla was filled with crunchy pralines and caramel swirled in. Sweet but heavenly.LICORICE: This is the Canadian's favorite. It tastes just like black licorice. Scoops are hefty but they are sooo good! They sell pints at Zannotto's in San Jose! SCORE!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,5/4/2012,498,141,7,14,8>After only 2 visits, I am convinced...Deepa really is the Threading Queen.  - She takes card.- She doesn't take appointments.  I come during lunch hour and there is usually no more than 1 person before me.  I'm not sure how busy she gets other times of the day.- The thread she uses is thick and seems to pull out the hairs better than other places I've been.- She always gives my brows a nice shape, as opposed to just cleaning them up well.- She doesn't pressure you but she always manages to try and sell me another service during her quick 5 minute session with my brows.  Deepa is great at what she does and affordable.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,5/3/2012,1070,862,6,10,9>La Milpa has become one of my usual haunts. The food and service continue to be stellar, and the prices rock for a sit down Mexican restaurant. I've tried many items on the menu. Some of my favorites menu items are:Taco Salad: Iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, beans, and your choice of meat in a crispy flour shell. I ask for my sour cream and  guacamole on the side. I also ask for a side of their house Dijon vinegarette. I LOVE it! If you ask for beef- you will get ground beef. I specifically ask for carne asada when I'm in the mood for beef, but typically order chicken. Machaca breakfast burrito: Delicious pork, tomato, chili scramble inside of a fluffy warm flour tortilla.Albondigas: Tender meatballs and veggies in a flavorful broth with a side of warm flour or corn tortillas.Caldo De Res: Tastes like my mama's, and you get a small side of rice and corn or flour tortillas.Nopales Scramble: Mouthwatering chunks of cactus scrambled with eggs. Rice  and beans are served on the side.Enchiladas: THE best! I order cheese, but the chicken enchiladas are delicious too. Flautas a La Carte: Big and crunchy. I get my guacamole and sour cream on the side. Chile Relleno: They don't make it crunchy here, but I've been told that most restaurants don't. The salsa that they top the chile with is very tasty!Shirley Temple: Sounds weird- but they are very good here! I typically order small combos because they have plenty of food, and are all under $9. La Milpa also serves American food for picky eaters, or folks who just want a traditional American breakfast or lunch.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,5/2/2012,198,505,8,12,9>M is for mochi, that's good enough for me! I've always liked mochi, but was never a huge fan of mochi... till now! When I saw that the prices for each mochi ranged from $1.80 to $2.30, I was thinking that's pretty insane in the membrane, this better be the BEST mochi I've ever had. I sat down, took a bite, and indeed... best mochi I ever had! Now I can't go back to the freezer aisle for ice cream mochi, once you've had this, you can't go back (so get your cheap fix before coming here). I was expecting a huge wait, but I guess I either came at a good time or the big hype is over. The cream is delicious and really brings out each flavor in a very non-artificial way. My husband and I bought 4 mochis to try out and we'll definitely be back for more!Each mochi has a delicious flavored filling in the middle which is to die for!!! green tea - if you like green tea, this is a must try! The outside green tea powder is a bit bitter, but the cream inside does the job with making it the perfect amount of strong tea with a mix of sweetness. apple pie - has bits of crust inside, I'm not a big fan of apple pie, but if I were, this would be a winner.double mango - YUM! At first I thought the outside cream was good, but the oozing mango inside was definitely heavenly! peach yogurt - this tastes just like peach yogurt candy or peach yogurt drink, but in mochi form!Overall, I was satisfied with any mochi flavor. The mochi was nice and soft, the completely opposite of the mochi that's put on top of froyo. Oh boy... goodbye froyo, goodbye Beard Papa's, good by macaroons... HEERRRROOOOO MOCHI!!!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,5/1/2012,736,972,12,12,10>4.5You want solid Chicago in California? Deep DISH meets empty stomach. Chomp chomp! Pleasantly surprised and out on a date, I stumbled on Patxi's by sheer luck.I had frequented the Palo Alto location once before and had fallen in love with their pizzas.Let me give it to you straight.Good food takes time.  Don't' get all fussy and hussy when your pizza takes longer than 30 minutes.You will encounter a wait list.  Expect to take home leftovers OR wear your stretchy pants. No skinny minnies here. When nothing else fails, order for pickup.And if you are just meandering at the pruneyard, sit at the bar.  You can enjoy a red pepper margarita while you wait.  Trust me, it's spicy and a perfect appetizer before the pizza.Oh yeah, and DON'T FORGET the honey on the crust.  It's a M U S T.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,4/30/2012,244,197,11,17,11>As Tara T. said, I too was dreading going to a recycling place with my recycling.  I teach Nia down the street in Willow Glen so I really love to go to the business in the area, so I decided to try Ranch Town.  It was great.  They are fast, friendly, and efficient.  They directed me to a parking spot, they helped me empty my car of the bottles (they tend to end up all over) and fill the containers.  Then I was getting my cash and on my way.  One of the guys even helped make sure I got out onto the street safely.  I was backing up onto Lincoln which at times can be busy, so he helped by looking for traffic and giving me the go-ahead. I was so glad that it was so easy because now I will not dread it and recycle more often!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,4/29/2012,100,508,1,8,3>An interesting and unique restaurant ... and not nearly as small as I thought it would be.  The restaurant design is bright and open, with an open kitchen and a large bar.  Quite a lot of the space is, in fact, taken up by a children's play area.The emphasis here is on dishes from Osaka ... and on tradition.  You will find some things like box sushi, hearty stews and savory steamed custards - all done very well indeed.We asked about omakase and they said they'd have to ask the chef.  What we got was an assortment of dishes off the regular menu and specials, plus a seasonal dish to start that looked like it would not have been out of place on a kaiseki menu.  They do mention that they offer a kaiseki-style menu with prior reservation.The meal was fairly heavy, mostly stronger flavors.  Portions were generous for this type of dining.  The box sushi was interesting and strongly flavored like the other food, though I did not care for the texture of the rice.  Our chawanmushi dish was very good, as was a stewed meat offering.Service was friendly, though our tea cups often sat empty.  As the restaurant became less busy and the night progressed, we got a lot more attention.This is a style of Japanese food that may not agree with everyone, but it is presented with integrity and it is an unique experience in this area.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,4/28/2012,245,219,7,10,8>Thanks to Vin Santo for treating our hangry group so well!Eight of us wandered in on a Friday night in varying states of agitation and hunger after getting stiffed on our Opa reservation.  We had a few bottles of wine in hand and the staff was extremely gracious about letting us crack those right open as they were quickly warming.  Our server was personable and free with the recommendations.We shared the truffled polenta and artichoke hearts, both of which were excellent.  I had the chicken risotto, which was cooked just right.  Most of the table ordered various pastas, and made "mmm-mmmm" noises in between bites.  The crab-stuffed salmon was sent back for some additional cooking, then pronounced delicious.Overall, food was very good, and they were so accomodating in our time of need that I'm bringing some extra love.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2007,6/26/2007,365,288,19,7,8>Going to Costco with the kiddos has somehow turned into a bit of a family tradition.  Here's how it stacks up:* Pile the kids in the family truckster and go to Costco while they scream for pizza and hot dogs* Get a cart, and try to peruse items you don't really need, but somehow can't live without.* Fill your cart with cases of beer, water and piled high with 48-roll baggies of toilet paper.* Take samples of food from vendors while having no intention whatsoever to actually buy the products they schlepp.* Surprise yourself, by actually buying one of said merchandised items (later to go home and wonder how it could have tasted so good in the warehouse, but be so unremarkable at home).* Check out and discover that your outing to kill time with your family has now cost you 300 bucks.* But, then have the joy of buying the cheapest lunch you can imagine -- $1.50 polish with a fountain drink, $1.50 slice of pizza with a grotesque amount of cheese... well, you get the idea.  By now, it's naptime.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2007,6/25/2007,570,583,1,11,8>In our overly saturated Japanese restaurant offering in the Bay Area, it becomes hard to try new places without being disappointed more often than not.  Hearing about Kaygetsu in reviews throughout several magazines, we had to roll the dice and give it a shot.  This wasn't an easy task given reservations can be difficult to obtain.  Like others have mentioned, you might need to set up your navigation system to find this gem that's nestled away in a strip mall.  Their menu is changes slightly depending on the season, but more so on their prefix menu.  We opted to select our own dishes.  The food is prepared as if your eyes also tasted the food, like the presentation of the Oshinko moriawas.  Friendly service that is attentive and that's all I ever expect of a quality restaurant.My recommendations:Chawan Mushi- traditional custard with seafood goodnessSashimi Moriawase-super fresh fish, no mackerel please!Shiro Maguro Tataki- seared tuna with ponzuTara saikyo misozuke- buttery cod with a hint of miso pasteTai chazuke- rice, fish and brothUni served with quail egg yolks- my favorite Japanese combo!Come here to experience real traditional Japanese food in an unusual location outside of San Francisco!
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2007,6/24/2007,290,394,4,11,9>Business hours:Monday through Friday 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.Saturday 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. or until sold out.Closed Sunday and all legal holidays.Website: japantownsanjose.org/merUpon entering this small quaint store filled w/ various snacks, sauces & condiments me and my gf were in a state of stupor. We saw soy beans or tofu in 2 gray garbage bins, lots of square buckets and a guy in the back using the kitchen floor as a bathing floor to wash the other stuff. Me and my gf look at each other and grinned. We knew we were in for a surprise, because as the rule of dives taught us, Looks can be deceiving. And boy were we shocked.Even more stunned when we asked for a block of tofu and the lady reached into a kitchen sink of white opqaue water and produced a huge block of tofu. Me and my gf went "WhoAAAAA" in amazement! It was quite the kodak moment. Who knew that a colony of tofu were living in the bottom of the kitchen sink. Oh we were also kinda grossed out that she touched our tofu after she handled money, but thats the price you pay for "out of this world tofu". This place is a MUST visit before you die. Its like one of those things to do before you die kinda thing. DO IT.Cooking Tips:The tofu is quite hard to handle as it is very crumbly & alliiivvve [like jello], so its best to cut it up in small pieces before doing anything w/ it & have a large flat spatula at hand. So far I've tried frying it and its delicious!And yes its a wise idea to keep the tofu in water & change the water once everyday.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2007,6/23/2007,690,683,1,6,4>Sunken Diamond is one of the world's great places to watch baseball.For serious fans, the reserved seats along the infield are more spacious and closer to the action than you'll find at a pro ball game.  And though this appears to be an off-year, Stanford has often fielded one of the country's best teams including several future Major League-rs.For those more casual fans among us, there are both reserved seats and two good-sized lawns to park yourself for a little sunshine and picnicking. I took my three little boys to a ballgame yesterday and the Stanford setup allowed us to have the sort of relaxing good time not possible at a Giants game.  For one thing, the stands were only about 50% full, so this gave us plenty of running room (literal and figurative) as needed. The park is also kept unbelievably clean, so I was less concerned than normal about my guys sitting on the ground, touching their seats, etc. Among other things, the attractive ticket price ($7 adults, $4 for kids 3 and up) meant that we could just come for 4 innings and not feel ripped off leaving when my natives got restless. The only "watch out" I'd mention for other parents is that, since you are so close to the action, you will want to keep one eye peeled for foul balls. Play ball!
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2007,6/22/2007,62,108,11,9,8>Any time I see the elderly get rough and pushy, cheating those ahead of them out of tables and grumbling just a little too loud about the wait...I know I must be in for a treat.  When we arrived a 6pm with hopes that our early arrival would facilitate a speedy stuffing of our faces, we were stunned to see a line out the door.  We were happy to have a bit of a wait given that once we saw the menu we were faced with nearly impossible decisions and negotiating the way to best try as much as possible was quite a process.  When we arrived at the counter we ordered a naked lobster roll, fish and chips, cheese fries, and onion rings....in other words entirely too much food...which we would somehow manage to finish.  I noticed they had quite a selection of rare sodas on display which I would be certain to sample on my next visit.  We found a table and were left salivating for a mere 5 minutes or so before our food arrived.  Onion rings were crispy and thick, cheesy fries were more like fries with potato skin fixings on top, and the fish and chips were absolutely magnificent and maintained crispiness even after being doused in malt vinegar.  Then there was the lobster roll.  At first I was rather unimpressed for I took a fork and picked up a taste of lobster and found it....delicious but typical.  Then I realized what about the lobster roll is true gold.  When the entire sandwich is picked up and dipped in the butter, the bread soaks up all of that goodness and you end up with a slightly unhealthy but fantastically scrumptious and decadent sandwich that surpasses all other sandwiches (as it should for $17).Leaving the Old Port lobster Shack, my heart hurt.  Although it could have been the clogging of my arteries, I prefer to think it was the torment of the separation from a new love.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,6/21/2007,193,620,4,4,5>I had to get a copy of my birth certificate in Redwood City for some Transportation Security Administration Threat Assessment form.  I guess they want to make sure an Irishman isn't associated with Al Qaeda.  I missed lunch, and was hungry.  This place was highly recommended, so I had an early dinner.There are plenty of beers to choose from, but I don't drink beer, so I can't rate that.  I did have the Garlic Cheese Bread, and it was just OK.  I wanted more garlic.  There are lots of other munchies for your beer, but I was alone, so I couldn't get too much.I had the cheeseburger with swiss, and it was very good.  I asked for it Medium Rare, and that is how it came out!  Lots of other food is available as well, like pastas, etc.  But I think you'll be better off with the burgers and sandwiches.  The fries were amazing ... bigger than Original Joes, and must have been at least one whole potato.  They came dusted with Parmesan Cheese.It seems like a popular place to hang out.  Lots of tables outside too in the warm Redwood City air.  This street has been under renovation for some time now.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2007,6/19/2007,269,137,3,10,8>First of all, this place is persian, not greek or mediterranean. But anyway...Let me tell you a story about my first two times at Cafe Pomegranate. The first time I came there, I was still in high school, and the cafe still had a "Grand Opening" sign on it -- in other words, we were both babies. It was summer and I was going to go on a tour of SJSU to see if I wanted to apply there. The place was totally empty because there were no students or professors around, the City Hall was not built yet, no one had ever heard of it, and to top it all off, there was construction equipment parked out right in front of it. Not that grand of an opening, huh? You guys are talking about complex ordering system? They didn't even have the menu up yet!My then-boyfriend and I timidly came up to the counter and were greeted warmly by the owner, Affie Mahini. I asked her if I could have a roast beef sandwich, and she said "Well, I think I have some roast beef... but don't you want a steak sandwich instead?" I decided that steak was an acceptable (understatement alert) substitute, and it was one of the best sandwiches I'd ever had. She asked us questions about ourselves and we ended up talking to her for like two hours, completely missing the tour (not that we cared).Maybe like six months later, we decided to go to that "yummy cafe" again and see that "nice woman." We didn't think she'd remember us, but the minute we walked into the now-busy cafe, she greeted us "hey guys! how are you?" after six months!Since then, I'm a regular. Sometimes, I even get food on the house, if I'm totally broke. Or I can sometimes get food, and pay them back laterOh yeah, there's also great food, yummy persian tea in a pot (only place to get hot loose leaf tea in San Jose, that I know of), and pretty good espresso (and a happy hour to boot). Also, if you're so turned off by the ordering system, you should know that you don't REALLY have to use it. You can just go up to the counter and order. The reason they have it is to save time during rush periods. If you come in at a random time (like I usually do), then it's no big deal. Sometimes they'll be happy to fill the little form out for you.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2006,6/18/2007,203,272,13,10,11>Guy's Barber Shop is like a goddamn clubhouse with a big fat sign on the outside that says: NO GIRLS ALLOWED!!!!!!!!OK, so it's true... girls are, indeed, "allowed." In the same way guys are "allowed" to come to baby showers, but they'd just kind of get that sense: I should probably get out of here. Quick.Maybe I have no damn business, being a girl and writing the first review, but I'm going to anyway, for two reasons: a) it's my inner 9-year-old's way of sticking my girlie, pink-polish-painted toes in the door for 5 preciously liberated seconds before I get chased out by the boys, and b) One of the sweetest women I've ever known - Nannell, is the wife of one of the barbers (and neither of them have heard about Yelp...yet). So to all you boys who are about to rag on me for doing the first review of this place, tough titties. Either you knew about it already and were too lazy to write the first review yourself, or you are just now reading about it... and I'll take that as a thank you for the introduction!From the looks of it, this place has just about everything a guy could want. Real, old fashioned barber chairs, manned by manly-man barbers who have been in the business for decades. One of the owners (also a barber) - Bruce - is a former pro baseball player (he's the gruff latin guy with the 'stash). There's a TV in the corner - most likely with the game on. There's "sports stuff" all over the wall (see pics). There was even a guy who reminded me of Burgess Meredith, walking around with a pushbroom, cleaning up the place.I also happen to know they get a few celebrities who've been coming to this place forever but they keep it super low key, and I can't mention any names as I have been sworn to secrecy.On the day I went in to take some pics, 3 of the 50's style, red-leathered barber chairs were filled by: a) a completely white-haired gentleman who looked to be in his 70's, getting a trim, b) a strong, strapping fella in his 20's, getting a trim and beard shave, and c) a young (about 4 yrs. old) asian boy with a long black rice bowl haircut - hopping into the barber chair. It was cool to see so many different generations of males are coming to this place!Don't be fooled by the name, "Guy's Hair Styling" on the green awning outside. Apparently everybody in the know just calls it "Guy's Barber Shop" (not that "hair styling" doesn't sound... stylin'... but... you know... apparently that was the name before Bruce bought it).  Just look for the barber pole. Yes, it's got a real barber pole! They even had a barbershop quartet perform there last year (see photos). UPDATE: As promised, I finally got a video of it uploaded and you can view it here: youtube.com/watch?v=Dx2jA haircut is just $16. It used to be $14 forever, and Bruce finally had to give in to inflation ($16 is still a deal when it's $19 and $25 at the places down the street). You don't need an appointment. Just walk right in. If the chairs are full, you can sit outside and watch the girls walk by, as they try to take a curious peep inside to see what the boys are waiting for. Meanwhile, you just keep your arms folded, like a bear guarding it's Man Cave.I really don't believe in penis envy but guy's barber shop is the kind of place that makes me wish I could have one... just for a day. I want IN, dammit.-----------------------2/21/10 UPDATE:  Please note, i don't know what their pricing is anymore, I wrote this a few years back and the prices may have changed due to the economy, so call ahead for rates first just to be sure you know what the cost will be!!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,6/17/2007,288,330,9,11,8>I went through a phase when I was convinced that I have Borderline Personality Disorder - I think this hits all Psychology students at one point or another, and since I was working more than I was sleeping I had grounds to feel like I was not fine. I would sleep for four hours, then work for eight. Rinse, Lather, Repeat. It was a miracle that I didn't hallucinate!So, being the diligent girl that I am, I found my disorder in the DSM, and then I found the Rolls Royce of Psychotherapists to treat it! Dr. Malavanya is really great, she really is! She has years of experience working with Borderline Personality Disorders, and is one of the few people who has been able to work with these patients. She worked directly with Marsha Linehan, she has treated many many patients. Borderlines are the love-you-now/hate-you-in-ten-seconds people, who get really manic/depressive emotionally. Since I am easily excited, and sometimes down, this seemed like a good disorder match! Now, after I came in to talk to her, she told me that I don't have a Personality disorder. Apparently I have some maladaptive ways of dealing with interpersonal relationships, but that's a diagnosis that is applicable to pretty much everyone I know. The funny thing is that I didn't believe her. I decided to try out this Cognitive Behavioral Therapy thing and see if it tames my pain. The realization that I should just sleep more and chill the fuck out came later.Long story short - two months and about two grand later, after attending a Borderline Personality Disorder therapy group and personal sessions I finally believed her. I am A-Ok! Moral of the story? The more you know, the harder life gets. Sometimes you think yourself into a box, and the simple things like FOOD and SLEEP and HUMAN CONTACT are no longer obvious. So, eat, drink, sleep, and love those around you. If you're really mentally dis-balanced, this woman is great... but really, fuck psychotherapists, all you need is one or two good friends.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2007,6/16/2007,930,548,6,14,13>What a lovely surprise! They had a "People Love us on Yelp" sticker on their display case. Of course, they had to be good.First things first. The service. The girl behind the counter was OUTSTANDING! I let her know right off the bat that it was my first time here and she was totally into helping me pick out what was best. You won't get this kind of service at La Victoria around the corner! Trust.She helped me order a Super Carne Asada Burrito and, it if i must say so myself, it was quite tasty. Melt in your mouth tasty... I've driven past this place time and time again, but never thought about stopping in to give it a shot. What took me so long?!Anyway, I think I found my new favorite Taqueria last night. Yay!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2009,1/26/2010,375,196,10,14,11>First off, THANK YOU YELPERS! Yes this place really is amazing and if you haven't tried Ehiopian before, it is very unique.  Come here hungry, go away ready to go to sleep.  I had the Yebeg Tibs as suggested by the hostess.  Very very tasty.  Spicy in a non-hot way.The eating was unusual.  No forks, although they bring them if requested.  You get rolled up bread and use it to pick up your tasties.  My self and my lunch buddy chowed down and Felt very full but not in a heavy way.  Still, after such a large meal, I could stand a nap :).  I also had the Spiced Ethiopian Red Tea.  Very nice and I'd order it again.We got there just as they opened so our meal took a bit longer to prepare as they make everything fresh and we caught them too early.  So our lunchtime went to about an hour and a half.  No lunch specials but the prices were extremely reasonable for the portions, presentation and ambiance.Although this place would be good for family or friends, I felt a bit more romantic about it (not because of my lunch buddy) so I'm going to try to take my favorite +1 there sometime soon.If you want to break out of your lunch same ole same ole, try Rehoboth.  It is a wonderful change to experience!
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,1/25/2010,539,247,8,12,8>It's safe to say that I am never going to a Chevys ever again...ok  I lied...only when I have a one of those buy one entree get the other one for $3.99 coupons.I have heard about this taqueria that I can't pronounce for the life of me and was in the mood for something Hispanic so we went on a random impulsive quest to find this place. Apparently there are 3 locations all close to each other. I knew there was one on Lincoln but ended up at some other small taqueria called Plaza Inn? No need to fear, the DROID comes to the rescue and I quickly Yelp Connie C's page because I remember seeing it on one of her lists! Thanks Connie!We finally make it to Tlaquepaque #2 (WOW it's even hard to spell out and type!) securing the last parking spot in the lot. My friend then proclaims, "Oh this place," turns out he knew the place all along and since I couldn't spell or pronounce it, he couldn't help me out with the whereabouts in the first place. It had to be past 3pm and the place was still packed. I had no idea this was a sit down service type deal. We were greeted and ensured that we get a table with 5-10 minutes. Five minutes passed and we were seated with a fresh bowl and salsa to devour. This is by far one of the best salsas I've tasted at a Mexican restaurant, it was really spicy to our likings too!I ordered the chicken fajitas and my friend ordered the steak fajitas. I have to say the food was excellent and the flavors stood out more than anything. I never had such plump pieces of chicken seasoned to perfection. Even the beans were bursting with flavor with melted cheese on top of it.  Sadly I have no photographs of my delicious meal because I was preoccupied at that moment trying to book a last minute flight :(Drinks here are also worth quenching. I had the house made Sangria, it was delicious and my friend had their signature Chevelas, I was able to take a sip of it and it was also really good.I would of gave this place 5 stars but they are lacking on service. Although it was good it was a little bit on the slower side. The place did seem to be understaffed.All in all, I have to say that the food exceeded my expectations and the atmosphere is cozy and festive.  I will definitely be frequenting Tlaquepaque a lot more in the near future! The pronunciation of the place has also become a new inside joke for my buddies and I, makes us giggle every time!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2009,1/24/2010,615,556,15,18,18>Naglee Park Garage = The Perfect South Bay Sunday Brunch SpotStrolling in on a hot Sunday around noon, we scoped out the place and were surprised by the heat (no A/C). We were greeted and told to order at the counter then take a seat. With mimosa in hand, my friend and I walked out to the mostly covered patio and picked one of the picnic tables near the back. It was so nice outside! Definitely sit out here when you stop in. Still discussing our surprise at the ease at which we found parking (right in front), our food was soon brought out to us and I sat in awe of my Bread Pudding French Toast. Then I took a bite. The creaminess of the bread pudding was immediately apparent, combined with the perfect crispness of the outside due to being briefly pan grilled. And the flavor? Pure vanilla goodness. And to my utter delight, there was not a raisin to be found! (The only reason I don't eat bread pudding most of the time).Did I mention my mimosa came in a large white wine glass, filled mostly with sparkling wine and just some oj for color? Well, it did.So good.I think a Sunday mid-afternoon nap is in order. (I'll be dreaming of this bread pudding french toast).
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,1/23/2010,637,316,14,18,17>mmm. We discovered this place through the magical powers of the Yelp search engine and we were not disappointed. Willow Glen Meats delivered on almost all levels. ------------------------------------------SUMMARY+ Meats are carved fresh right in front of you and all sauces are original recipes+ Breads are also very fresh and are delivered daily+ Portions are medium to large+ They offer traditional sandwiches (turkey, salami, ham, pastrami, corned beef, veggie, etc) as well as specials (tri-tip, pork loin, pulled pork etc) + They do party platters, 4 foot subs, sandwich trays, and meat and cheese trays+ They sell jerky that won 3rd Place Dried Beef in 1980 (dated, but I spotted their trophy that was hidden behind a refrigerator so I had to include it) + You get a pickle on the side + Cashier was friendly and greeted everyone and thanked us as we walked out of the door. ------------------- Not much space to sit inside. 5 customers took up all of the seating space so my friends and I all had to sit on the curb across the street.- The jerky is super tough. It tastes more authentic than the run-of-the-mill Slim Jims, but it was just too hard. - They ran out of Dutch Crunch, although I settled for an almost equally delicious Sourdough---------------------------------------------I ordered a Pastrami sandwich for $5.99 and it was served fresh and warm with everything on it. Although they forgot about my sandwich and it took some time to get it ready, it was worth the wait. My sandwich was probably as good as one from Ike's in SF, so I'd have to say that I may come back here sometime in the future. If you're in the area, definitely give it a try.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,1/22/2010,626,433,21,30,18>BEST MEAL OF MY LIFE. I think I died and went to heaven.My dad treated me, the BF and my friend for my birthday. Happy birthday to us! =PFirst off, our waiter, Francois, was outstanding. He was super knowledgeable of the menu and super friendly.  When I come back I would totally request him as my waiter. Besides, everything just sounds that much cooler with a French accent. =PMy table started off with a plethora of appetizers...Hamachi Shots: Everything great about Japanese in a convenient little cup! The shots are almost borderline too big to be bite size, but it's absolutely fantastic. I could eat a dozen shots! This is a MUST HAVE if you love sashimi. Foie Gras With Black Truffles: This was my very first time eating foie gras. I was a little scared at first, thinking the flavor was going to be too much. But... I LOVE IT. Especially with the black truffles... amazing! All you need to eat it with is some baguette and it's perfect. Tuna Tatare: I've eaten many tuna tartares and this was unique with the olive foam. The tuna by itself could be a little plain, but the foam gave it a nice taste.Oysters: A little twist on classic raw oysters. Instead of squeezing lemon on them, you scoop some ponzu (Japanese lemon) foam on it. The ponzu foam is a little more tart than I prefer, but made the dish unique. Tempura Fried Monkfish Liver: I didn't think I would like this but this was melt in your mouth goodness! The liver was creamy on the inside and lightly crisp on the outside. It was like an eggroll with a paper thin wrapper. After getting stuffed from our appetizers, it was time for the main course (after a complimentary palette cleanser)! I wanted to try a little bit of everything so I went for the New York Trio. At a whopping $155 it's definitely not for those on a budget. But it was GREAT. You get three different types of New York cut steak: American dry aged, Austrailian kobe and Japanese wagyu. They even give you chalk so you can write on the platter your guess on which one is which (totally obvious). Get the Trio if you want variety but...NO STEAK COMPARES TO ANYTHING WAGYU. *DROOOOL* It melts in your mouth like butter. A must have for any steak lover. I'm saving up money so I can come back and order a whole wagyu steak which range from $185 (sirloin) to $255 (filet mignon). And if you want to have this succulent meat at home, there's a butcher area where you can actually purchase fresh wagyu.And even if you don't order anything for dessert, you get complimentary cotton candy after your meal. Something fun to munch on. =) But they also have a nice selection of unique desserts and teas to choose from if you're feeling for something different. I'm totally in love with this place. Other steaks just taste like cardboard now. Damn you, Alexander's!
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,1/21/2010,198,447,10,10,12>In the words of my husband "the boardwalk is a junk food paradise!" and he is right. Lots of fried foods with high calorie contents. Everything that is bad for your health you will find here. The boardwalk is a fun place. Lots of rides for the kids and adults. Entertainment and games. Pricey but worth the money spent for the memories. $10 parking in the lot across the street. They also give you coupons for food, snacks and apparel. Not bad at all. We all had a fun filled day. Will definitely be coming back again. Maybe around Thanksgiving or Christmas for the lights and possible cheap train ride, lol :)
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2009,1/20/2010,975,124,12,22,14>This is the place to get some Brazilian home cooking. Joao serves the best  feijoada (fay-joe-ah-dah) in the Bay Area.Feijoada is the national dish and the ultimate comfort food for any Brazilian far from the homeland. It is a stew of black beans, smoked sausage and beef that is served over rice. It always comes with farofa (toasted tapioca), a yellow-white powder that is sprinkled over the dish before eating. Get this dish as a $8 lunch special.The ambiance is Brazilian sports bar and there can be no question that this is *the place* to watch the always victorious Brazilian soccer team humble their opponents. A range of Brazilian appetizers is offered in keeping with the sports bar theme, however the bulk of the menu is standard American diner food (breakfast, hamburgers, sandwiches, etc).The owner Joao, from the hardscrabble northeast of Brazil, is an active and engaging host, endearingly proud of his homeland and his restaurant.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,1/19/2010,1066,578,12,16,16>I was so excited to find this new activity to participate in in San Jose! My BF and I had moved to SJ a couple of years ago and we love to try new things, and lately we've been having difficulty finding new, fun activities around the area. We came to Lincoln Street just to do some X-mas browsing and stumbled upon this little shop. We saw a crowd of people - adults as well as several children - painting away happily inside. I love the atmosphere, clean but in an artistic disarray. We were told to get seated after picking out a couple of thigns to paint, and then pay the $9.95 per person studio fees in addition to the cost of whatever we chose to paint. I picked a single-switch lightswitch cover for $10.50 and the BF chose a small bowl for $7.50. We painted with glee for an hour and then paid... came out to about $40, but worth it for the great items we picked up two days later after glazing. You also get a free studio fee after paying for three. Lotsof colors of paint to choose from and many clay pieces to paint. Yay!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2009,1/18/2010,388,717,14,16,15>Came back yesterday to get more corn bread.  It was such a festival there since it was Cinco De Mayo weekend.  I found what I been looking for in terms of tacos that the meat is cut from a spit.  Since Anthony Bourdain show when he went to Mexico I been looking for a place here that serves it.  I finally found it! I was so excited but I end up getting a Papusa instead since it was the special of the day and Horchada.  I ordered a cheese papusa but they gave me a pork one.  It was good but  I am porked out for sure.  I need to come back and try the tacos.  Yum!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,1/17/2010,96,154,7,9,7>I don't normally write updates to my reviews, because my opinion of most of the places I have reviewed has not changed.  But I felt the need to write an update for Sunnyvale Optometry because I feel even more strongly about giving them five stars than I did two years ago.I've been here several times now, as my prescription has changed, and as I decided to get contacts for the first time.  I am consistently impressed by the professionalism and patience of the entire staff, especially Dr. Nguyen. Every time I've seen Dr. Nguyen, she has always taken her time with me. Most importantly, she takes the time to explain everything very clearly. Even though I'm sure she's explained the same exact thing to about a million people, it never shows. It is obvious that she really cares about her patients and I really appreciate it.  Oh, and I love my contacts too!!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2009,12/15/2009,167,346,10,12,14>So, I was a little hesitant suggesting that we go here last night - it had been over a year since the hubby and I had stopped by. Last time we were not that impressed with the layout etc......New owners and things have changed - for the better! We loved wine tasting here last night - the new owner Valerie changed the layout so you do not feel like you are guzzling in a wine shop- now you actually feel like you are in a wine bar - what a concept. She added plenty of tables, great munchies and got rid of the scent of stinky cheese when you walk in the door. Hubby ordered Kathryn Kennedy Sav Blanc and I went with the Kathryn flight - great deal, I had four pours for 16. Of course I loved her Syrah and bought a bottle, Im a sucker for ol Kathryn. Oh and the live music - Mike Medina and Chris Chung did a great set - it was a nice surprise to walk thru the door and hear some real talent strumming away on their guitars!Great job Valeria - cant wait to come back!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,12/14/2009,736,972,19,22,23>YogaSource, how I love thee.  You spoil me with simple aesthetics. You spoil me with clean, dark wood floors.You spoil me with music.You spoil me with a serene, meditative environment.You spoil me. You spoil me with friendly staff and instructors who challenge me. You spoil me with a space that is clean and allows me to  focus on my Bikram practice. You spoil me.  It's a spa, it's a studio for yoga. It's my new obsession. After my first experience with Bikram, I decided to trust my friends and  handy dandy boyfriend, yelp when searching for a new studio. 30 5+ star reviews can't be wrong, right? I headed to YogaSource with caution, knowing to take their 5 star rating with a grain of salt. I mean, bad reviews could have been deleted, or people could just be exaggerating their experiences, right? WRONG. This place is as good, if not better to what most describe. When my Bikram buddy and I stepped through the front doors, we experienced an awakening. Actually, more like an Epiphany. Bikram, not crowded, not FUNKY, what a concept. Who knew. Mind blowing, shocking, amazing, and relaxing. We both walked out two new people, eager to continue Bikram. Who knew such a place existed. WOW, completely trumps my first experience!  Can you read my excitement. It's truly nice when you find a place that meets or exceeds your expectations.  YogaSource in LG is that place, and it allows me a clean space where I can truly focus on my body's potential. $40 bucks for 30 days is the special folks. Don't do 10 days, go for the month! They have volume packages, and I am interested in exploring my options.  Long live the flexible people!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,12/13/2009,880,513,10,15,14>For a sushi boat style restaurant this place is pretty amazing. I have this notion about sushi on the sushi boats since they aren't usually that fresh but Kazoo might prove me wrong as I kept staring at the sushi on the little sushi boats, from my table which wasn't too far, since they looked rather delicious and fresh. The daily special board has some great selection of the seasonal catches especially if you are more of an adventurous eater. The price is a little higher than moderate but you pay for the freshness and the generous portions. The service is great and the decor is nice and clean but feels rather crowded and cramped.The plastic food display outside doesn't do the food justice.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,12/12/2009,131,185,12,14,12>YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM!!! The best banana cream cake I have ever tasted! I I had to order a tall cake for my birthday after reading all the reviews. When I told some people about it, they were like "you better invite me over". I swear, all I wanted was to eat the cake as soon as I picked it up. I pictured myself getting inside the car and devouring it like a beast, only to arrive at my party full of frosting all over my face. I put the thought aside after imagining how angry my guests would be for not sharing. Who can resist the taste of fresh bananas, moist as ever cake, and creamy banana filling that has the right touch of sweetness? Even some of my friends that aren't fond of bananas liked the cake so much that they helped themselves to seconds and thirds. Sadly, because the cake was that good, there wasn't any left over for me to take home. I will definitely order the banana creme again, this time with chocolate cake. Say helloooo to diabetic paradise!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,12/11/2009,226,185,9,14,11>Though I thought my previous review for Cakes By Ana was a positive one for the most part, I'm rewarding them with an extra star simply because of their great business practices.Shortly after writing my review, the business owners noticed that they had a customer who wasn't 100% satisfied. Per our emails after my yelp review posted,  they've showed me that they're honest people who just want their customers to be happy.  That makes me very happy.  I wasn't that upset to begin with, but just their willingness to work with me really says a lot about them. Of course, come September 09, I will definitely order another 3D cake for my son's 4th birthday of whatever he's obsessed with at the moment.  I highly recommend their services.  The cake itself is very fresh, moist, and tasty and overall they do a good job working with you to try to replicate whatever it is you want to be done. But above all, they have the best value hands down.  Most places charge double or triple what they charge for 3D cake designs.  If that doesn't win you over.. I don't know what will!
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2009,12/10/2009,545,312,18,23,22>Went here for lunch with fellow Yelper Vy N. and had a great afternoon - good food, good ambiance, good company, good conversation - thanks Vy!Location and parking - Located on Murphy Ave., right in the heart of downtown Sunnyvale, location cannot be beat.  It's surrounded by other eateries and bars but still was pretty full even though it was after lunch hour proper.  Parking is a whole different story...  with the constrcution for the new Sunnyvale Town Center, parking can be constrained at times so be patient!!!~ 4 stars for location, 2 stars for parkingAmbiance - this place looks like it might have been a bar before - ceiling fixtures seem to indicate that.  Very functional but still affords a lot of privacy - the seating is really optimized to "pack 'em in tight" LOL  I did not notice a bar so I think this is purely sit-down (though they have some aloholic beverages on the menu - I don't know how extensive the bar options are!)~ 3 stars for ambianceFood - we ordered the spring rolls as appetizer - they were great - I could taste the mint and I was happy.  Another reviewer mentioned these had pork and shrimp in tehm - I did not find any - thank goodness because shrimp in the spring roll would have killed me or at least put me in the hospital O_OWe ordered (to share, family style) the Ga Nuong - grilled lemon grass chicken and sesame seed ($9.25) and (I think) the Bo Luc Lac which was beef cubes stir fried with peppers.  Both were delicious.  I loved the chicken - the lemongrass flavor was delicate but authoritative - and the chicken was in wonderful bite sized pieces - made for easy devouring :D  The beef was also cooked right and literally melted in my mouth - very tasty and tender.Both dishes came with rice (we ordered steamed rice) and there were some leftovers so the portions were quite healthy.  ~ 4 stars for food - very delicious, good presentation and decent portions.Service - we had pretty good service - got our water quickly (and kept refilled).  Waitress even stopped to tell us how to properly squueze the lime after dipping it in a salt-pepper micture - well done :)~ 4 stars for service.Total bill, with tax and tip, was less than $35 - an excellent value, if you ask me.  The company = priceless :)~ 4 stars overall, I'll be back and will send people here without reservation.# 139
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2009,12/9/2009,1071,862,18,28,27>AW YEAH SON! Propa soul food in San Jezzy! Rich and I were driving, when we noticed the Jus Like Ya' Mama's Soul Food/Catering sign. The location is sketched out, but we did not let that stop us from giving them a shot. We were both craving seafood, so I picked the fried tilapia dinner, and Rich had the fried catfish dinner. They give you 4 pieces of fish and 3 sides. My fish was perfectly seasoned, and tender, yet crisp on the outside. Their "mackin mac" and cheese is BOMB! I have only had mac and cheese this great at Back a Yard Caribbean, but who wants to drive to Palo Alto, when we have this! I felt that the greens here were not as good as Texas Smokehouse, but that's because Texas Smokehouse uses ham hocks in their greens. The greens here are still pretty good. The potato salad was okay. It really is hard for anyone to even come close to my mama's potato salad, so I don't hold it against them. If you bring in a pic of YO Mama to hang on the wall- you can get a discount on a plate of food. The prices were actually quite reasonable for the quality of the food. We paid $24 total for both plates. My belly is SOOOOOUUL happy! They keep their food REAL here!
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2009,12/8/2009,386,185,30,25,26>Like Mount Olympus, I climb you to find enlightenment while on my ritualistic path towards the Home of the Gods. And also, like a mountain, you battle me every step of the way; or in this case, you battle me every inch of chain revolution on my mountain bike. Taunting me with your beautiful scenic traverses, you then maul me with your soul shattering inclines. And don't get me started on all the loose gravel that strategically saturates your sea of fire road, sometimes causing tires to slip, leaving me alone and destitute, caught between a rock and a hard place. Literally.Freedom comes when reaching great heights. When all the blood, sweat, and tears mold into the unrivaled feeling of high achievement. Is there anything better than looking down a mountain that you just climbed; knowing that gravity, tactful braking, and a love of high speed and danger are all you need to race down this monster of mother nature's making. But be meticulous. For there are many hikers, fellow bikers, and blind corners that may lead to catastrophe. Tread lightly. Once again, literally.St. Joseph's Hill is a great entry into the world of mountain biking. Relatively speaking, the mountain isn't too steep. The ascent is enough to test your cardio and will power. Make sure you prepare in advance. Good times, good rides. And tell Aphrodite and Athena I said "hello" while you're up there. They often ask about me. Kidding.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2008,12/6/2009,1111,645,7,11,13>I must have walked by Gilley's a million times without stopping in. This is probably because they close at 3:00 and I don't usually get over to Los Gatos until after I stop working, usually around 6:00. Much easier to go in the summer when things are sunny instead of cold and dark, like it is now.However, this afternoon, I was shopping for Christmas cards and goodies for family and friends before things get too crazy. Wow, no parking in L.G. I drove around forever before snagging a spot behind the dog store that amazes me it is still in business every time I see it. Originally, I was planning on using a gift certificate that my Aunt gave me as a birthday present for Andale's but I just wasn't feeling Mexican, so I spied that Gilley's was open and sauntered slowly across the street into this old fashioned cookery. It is a lot like Ann's Coffee Shop in Menlo Park if you have ever been there, nothing fancy. I wasn't too excited to put it mildly and wasn't expecting much other than an opportunity to yelp something new.The food seems to be fairly cheap, by today's standards, and for $8.99 I got a turkey burger, to my surprise it was really, really awesome. Lots of cooked-in flavor with a huge pile of crisp, hot, thin french fries and a cup of salad. The salad had lots of cut up bits of cabbage, carrots, lettuce and looked like the same one I get at CostCo in a bag. Good, nevertheless.The bottom line is that it was really good from what I was expecting. The lady owner was also super nice and friendly, like a family member. I can say I will probably be back, probably, even though I am not really an egg and hash browns man. They did advertise a special of cooked in banana and coconut pancakes that I will more than likely be back for as two of my favorite flavors in the world are banana and coconut. These ingredients together, along with some sweet sugary sugar maple syrup, will almost kill me and I'll have to have my date hold me up with her arm, then drive me home as I will surely fall into a wonderful, deep, swirly-mind coma that makes it dangerous for me to get behind the wheel of a car. I'd nod off like a heroin addict with a syringe-shot full of the pure. Can you get a DUI from pancakes? I may be the first.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2009,12/4/2009,244,197,9,17,17>I used to live in Campbell and it is so nice to see that it looks like it has a "happenin'" night life.  We stopped by here for a UYE.  It was great to see everyone.  We didn't eat but I had a Sangria and it was pretty good.I was impressed by the staff's attention to the patio and to making sure that alcohol was kept within the restaurant's designated area.They share the patio with Cardiff and when it came time for Cardiff to take over the staff at Chacho's made sure we had a table to move to.  Nice.They had a nice litte band playing too, which I really enjoyed.  I am actually looking forward to going back to try the food.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,12/21/2013,615,556,7,12,8>I actually crave the Thai curry from Bangkok Boulevard. Trust me on this one. The pumpkin curry is like none other. It's sweet and spicy (even when ordered "mild") and is just perfect. Actual pieces of pumpkin are perfectly cooked and the red-type Thai curry broth compliments with amazing flavor. The red and green bell pepper slices, onions, and your choice of meat or seafood (I go with chicken) float happily alongside the pumpkin. Although the pumpkin curry is all I need, the yellow curry is also fantastic. I encourage you to branch out and try the pumpkin though - especially given that it's fall and almost Halloween! I've dined in once, which was a pleasant experience, but I'm more likely to call in an order of curry for pickup with a side of jasmine rice. It's a hefty portion, definitely enough for two - or to enjoy the next morning for breakfast (yes, I've done this...no shame!). I've also had the Pad Thai, which is nothing to write home about, but with Thai curry this good, nothing else is needed.An Eastside SJ favorite of mine, hands down.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,12/20/2013,245,219,6,12,6>Waterfalls, you guys!  In SEPTEMBER!  I mean, yeah, they were wee waterfalls (and now I'm thinking of those long-ago toys, the Wee Wonderful Waterfuls), but there was water and it was falling. I've been hiking a few days a week and this time of year there's a lot of dry landscape - some of it still quite lovely, but dry.  A friend tipped me off that I could come to Morgan Hill for a refreshing waterfall hike, and the very next day I hit Uvas. It's quite a few miles off the freeway and you'll know you're almost there when you drive through Sveadal, a private resort owned by the Swedish American Patriotic League (I'd love to stay there but seem to have misplaced my Swedishness - anyone have a nice single Swedish uncle with Sveadal rights?).The waterfall loop was what we wanted - a short trail of just a few miles with several waterfalls.  We found the nature trail signs to be enchantingly specific, identifying such things as a Sunny Hillside and Small Spring, and letting you know when the featured item was Across The Creek.  I did a little reading ahead of time and there are several quite steep trails around (hint:  if the word Knob appears anywhere in the trail name, you're gonna have to work pretty hard), so be aware of your trail choice.The lower trails have excellent shade canopy (and did I mention waterfalls?) and the well-appointed park has nice clean restrooms, water fountains, picnic tables galore and an abundance of mosquitoes.  Day use fee is $6 per vehicle.  Thanks for the change of scenery, Uvas Canyon - I look forward to returning after a hard rain to see what those waterfalls can do when they're all revved up.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,12/19/2013,626,433,14,17,14>One of a kind!This place has always been on my radar, but I was hesitant to trying African food. One day I finally sucked it up and went... and it was awesome!It's located next to a CalTrain station. Kind of strange. I didn't even think there was anything BUT the CalTrain station there. The place is relatively small, but very clean. You order at the counter. The staff is really friendly and will help you out with any questions you might have!I really wanted to try the beef sugarr, but this was only going to be a snack stop with a few people, so we decided to share a Sports Plate. It's a plate meant for two people to share, but it can definitely fill at least three, maybe even four. It's basically a stir fry of starch and meat. It already comes with goat, you pick if you want noodles or rice and chicken or beef. We we chose half rice, half noodles with beef and goat. The plate was HUGE. The meats kind of looked the same after they stir fried it, but you can taste the difference! The beef was tender, but the goat had the most flavor. Loved the basmati rice! There are so many spices in the whole thing and it just pops in your mouth! The side salad it comes with is nice. Something refreshing to balance out the meal. Beware of the little cup of green hot sauce it comes with though! It is seeeeeeriously HOT. Try only a little at a time!The plate came with two bottled/canned drinks you pick from their fridge, but they have complimentary chai tea, also. The tea is definitely yummy. A little bit on the sweeter side, but it's a must have!I'm coming back for sure! Next time I'm trying the beef sugarr!
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/18/2013,281,362,6,17,13>Being a cowgirl from the Midwest, I'm always looking for a good barbecue place. I was so surprised when I heard a little rumor about a little place in Alumrock that was new to the hood. It's called the Niners barbecue! That's perfect name and perfect place for a Niners cowgirl!I headed over here tonight with my cowboy to  check out the rumor. When we opened the door the smell of Texas barbecue was amazing! We took our place in line at the counter and spoke with a woman who was at the register. Turns out she and her husband opened this restaurant just a week ago.We ordered the beef brisket barbecue plate. We also ordered the pineapple hotlink. For dessert we had s a small strawberry parfait. The cost was about $21 very reasonable for a large quantity of food.The food here is absolutely the best barbecue in San Jose! The service is unbelievable because Sandra and her husband are so personable. Both of them came to our table and chatted with us about the business and George's soon-to-be infamous  beef brisket recipe and Sandra's equally famous strawberry parfait creation. We tested almost everything on the menu. Really whatever you order here you can't go wrong!Welcome to the hood, Niner's Barbecue! As the current Baroness  of Alumrock  let me herold your praises by saying San Francisco Niners and the Niners barbecue are the best in town, all around!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/17/2013,614,259,17,17,15>Holy sh....................tttttThat was cray-cray. That was seriously one of the best things I've had the pleasure of eating in a quite a while (of course, not counting the LB Steak I had last night).But my goodness.... how can I explain this... let me phrase it this way.The ingredients exploded into an orgy in my mouth.I just wanted to grab a quick bite somewhere not called Panera Bread, and stopped on this little treasure. And boyyyyyyyy was that amazing. I had the falafel in the bread and Jesus Christ was it good. I had to get that bad boy spicy, but next time I'm going to get it extra spicy.Lines were long, but the parking can be a bit of a hassle, but thankfully, people leave pretty quick. So this is definitely a 5 in terms of a great lunch, great service, and damn amazing food.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/16/2013,209,228,6,8,5>I wish I had known about Ruby's Pan Dulce sooner. I dropped in for a visit today after finding this place on Yelp a few nights back. I had seen the picture of the yummy looking pastries, including one of my favorites: the churro! When the craving for sugary goodness got to be a bit too much, I couldn't stop myself from coming here.The parking lot is pretty spacious, and I made it to the plaza right before the lunch crowd was trickling in. For those who want a bit more clarification on the process of self-service here:Grab a pair of tongs and a lunch tray, and then layer the tray with the complimentary paper. Now you can choose from the pastry windows (there are also some pastries -- the churros, for example -- which are on the counter by the cashier) what you would like! After you've finished selecting what you want, bring it over to the cashier counter and the person will ring up your total.Overall, Ruby's Pan Dulce is a terrific, inexpensive, and well-stocked shop that I can't wait to return to!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,12/15/2013,299,181,5,14,6>Excellent massages with a hidden surprise! I think this place is very clean and special. You have to pay before you get your massage, which is different from your typical massage parlor, but you also hot stone as a bonus! I never had a place where they included hot stone before. I think that's how this place stand out! May and Linda both did a great job giving me the massages. This place is more thorough with their massaging and attentive. They don't talk to each other, talk on the phone, or leave for a long period of times like other places do. I like that, it makes me feel like I am paying them for an hour, not 45 minutes or even less if they are not really paying attention to me. They have private rooms and their bathroom has a shower for you just in case you need to freshen up. Their bathroom is very clean! Always a nice thing.This is my new go to massage place. PS. For the ladies, they can get a bit touchy around the butt area or upper thigh, plus they take off your bra and strap sometimes to better massage you. If you don't like it, tell them or ask for a female. I ask for a female every time!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,12/14/2013,492,201,12,14,11>A hidden gem in a strip mall a few blocks from Santana Row, Isabella's is one of my favorite restaurants in the South Bay. From the outside, it appears dingy and dark, but the inside is a pleasant surprise. With festive decorations, a cozy decor, and even a rose to decorate each table, the ambiance definitely complements the delicious food. My favorites are the chicken kebobs and the ceviche (yelp.com/biz_photos/isab).The kebobs are served as two skewers of juicy, tender hunks of chicken, flavored with an explosion of spices, with a slight kick of heat (yelp.com/biz_photos/isab).If any of the dishes aren't spicy enough for you, the complimentary green hot sauce will definitely satisfy you. Along with the hot sauce, the crunchy salted corn nuts are a delight to snack on, while you wait for your meal. The only issue I have with Isabella's is the ridiculous wait time. I've dined here several times at various days of the week, and no matter what time I'm here, I've always had to wait over 30 minutes before receiving my food. There's at least a 5 minute wait for your water after receiving your menu, then another 10 minutes for a server to take your order, then a tortuous 15-20mins for your food. The wait is worth the food, but if you're in a hurry, dining at Isabella's is better saved for other time.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,12/13/2013,1261,428,8,8,7>Jack's is my neighborhood watering hole in Japantown. I first experienced Jack's when I attended their annual Battle of the Bay SF v. Oakland baseball party bus and tailgate. I won't go too much into detail about the shenanigans that occurred on the trip, but I will let you know that it was so epic that I will be returning every single year from now on. If you have to sign a waiver for a party then I'm down with it. As for the bar itself, I've only been there on weekday nights so I'm not sure what this spot is like on the weekends. On Monday nights they do have a reggae night and play pretty dope music. Overall, if you want to come to a chill bar and meet the locals then Jack's is the place to be.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,12/12/2013,187,670,10,6,7>Don't you remember your first time like it was yesterday?You had to brace yourself a bit, and you were breathing nervously. It was probably bulging upwards, in a concave way. You may have made several clumsy attempts at positioning it right. And it was probably a bit slippery too. But finally, it popped right in! A moment of mind-blowing clarity!Like seeing the world from a whole new... lens.Yes, get your mind out of the gutter. Such was my first attempt at contact lenses several years ago when I visited Dr. Huynh here at BH Eye Care. He was extremely patient with my concerns and, with his brother, who helps him run the shop and fit regular lenses onto customers, took lots of time to show me the ropes and answer my probing questions. I've been going back every year since for either contact lens refills or for regular lenses, and service continues to be patient, obliging, and caring.Definitely my go-to place for vision care, and I highly recommend Dr. Huynh... whether for newbies or experienced folk alike. ;)
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,4/5/2012,1260,803,33,20,20>This is why i'm fat.This is why my pants don't fit.This is why I had to put another hole in my belt.This is why I went from XL shirt to XXL.This is why my eyes do all the eating.This is why I took the day off to go gallivanting with Bobby, Julie, CeCe, and Vicky before the Yelp Elite Event in Santa Cruz.Dayam you for the Primavera pasta salad with the brick size garlic bread, the broccoli salad special, the $30.00 worth of pastries, and the organic cup of coffee to wash it all down!Yes, i'll be back..... i'm a loyal husky boy  =)
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,4/4/2012,736,863,13,19,16>What I love more than the Humphrey Slocombe ice cream served at Bitter+Sweet, is it's ambiance. The cafe is very chic and sophisticated, with it's counter-height tables and stools. I feel like I have to elegantly stick out my pinky finger, as I sip on my coffee. I came here specifically to try the secret breakfast ice cream. Richard R. kept raving on and on about it and so I knew I had to have it. Luckily we came here with a group of six, so I had the opportunity to try more than just the secret breakfast. My friends and I ordered four different flavors to share (yelp.com/biz_photos/4hc7). We had Jesus juice, butter beer, secret breakfast, and Vietnamese coffee. My favorites were the butter beer and secret breakfast. The butter beer was very sweet and rich. It reminded me a lot of butterscotch candy. The secret breakfast was very unique. It had bits of corn flakes cereal and a hint of rum. It sounds like an odd combination, but it actually worked out wonderfully. There wasn't anything special about the Vietnamese coffee flavor--after all, it's just coffee. Jesus juice had more of a sorbet consistency and it contained a strong kola nut and vanilla flavor.Apparently Bitter+Sweet gets their ice cream directly from the Humphrey Slocombe store in San Francisco, so you can imagine how much effort and care was required in bringing the ice cream to San Jose. In fact, the ice cream is kind of treated like gold. Each scoop is precisely weighed on a scale. I think it was about $2/scoop, too!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,4/3/2012,545,312,15,20,19>Came here for a late lunch with my mom on a Monday.  The restaurant closes at 2:30 and we walked in at about 2:00 and it was still full and we had a 5 minute wait.  Good sign, I thought!  It is quite small so that probably causes a bit of the backup :)The restaurant was seriously understaffed today and it took a while for everybody to get their food.  You could see some of the diners get a little irritated but I mainly only judge a restaurant by its food unless the service is overtly rude or terrible.  After reading through the other reviews now, it's clear that today was just an anomaly since most reviews praise the service here.  So, I'm glad I didn't let myself get upset by the slow service today.I ordered the Madura Spicy Dosa (thin crispy crepe made with rice and lentils and applied with chilli and garlic chutney) and a Thair Vada (Fried Lentil flour doughnut dipped in yogurt and garnished with coriander leaves.)  My mom ordered one of the combos that came with two idlis, a rava kichadi (semolina porridge), a mini dosa and a desset.My dosa was really good.  It was only lukewarm when it got to me but it was still crisp and, while not spicy, it had a nice taste and I enjoyed it.  It came with a bunch of chutneys and sambhar of course.  The chutneys were great, the sambhar was adequate but hot so +1 for that :)The Thair vada was also good.  I've definitely had better but it did hit the spot and I really enjoyed it.  Could have been garnished a bit more since this dish is usually served with elaborate garnish.  But again, it tasted perfectly OK so another +1.My mom enjoyed her combo - she did say the idlis were cold - I think the delay in getting the food to our table was the cause for that.  Restuarant is clean, well lit and airy.  Staff is friendly but you could tell they were rushed today so I need to return, hopefully on a more relaxed day.Prices are very reasonable - our entire meal came to about $20 with tax and tip.~ 4 stars, mostly for solid food that won me over despite the tardy service.  I will give them the benefit of doubt this time around.  They probably did not expect to be so crowded on a Monday afternoon... maybe they didn't realize that today being January 2nd, many more people would have the day off and be dining here :)# 269
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,4/2/2012,108,93,12,15,15>A very large cut above your average hotel restaurant. They specialize in locally grown produce. Everything tasted fresh. The waitress was knowledgeable, friendly and very helpful.Except for my pork chop, which was cold, the food was very good. Fresh salads and vegetables, good soups and interesting sauces. My friend's steak was also very good. The desserts were small and so-so. The wine list, to my mind, was expensive and pretentious.Overall, a good meal for a reasonable price.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,4/1/2012,853,359,8,11,10>Best Cuban food in the Bay!I am part latin american (Colombian to be exact), and love latin food. My mom, the Colombian parent, was in the area visiting me and was craving Cuban (since our old favorite place in the East Bay had gone way down hill). So I went on yelp and found this place.Thank you YELP! I got the ropa vieja (braised beef in a delightful sauce) which is my favorite cuban dish. The beef was amazingly flavored and perfectly cooked. The beans on the side were delicious, and the rice was excellent. And as with any self respecting cuban place, the meal came with fried plantains. I LOVE  FRIED PLANTAINS!! My mom got the Zarzuela (similar to the Italian Ciopino) and it was also phenomenal. The fish was so fresh and the sauce so yummy.There was a great family feel to the restaurant. Everyone who works there is simply the best. We talked for a while to who I have to assume was the owner. She was super nice and loved chatting it up in Spanish with us.It's not the cheapest, but it is well worth it for the amount and the deliciousness. A great spot for a date!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,3/31/2012,564,356,11,17,13>Happy Hour RULES! Where else can you go where they have 15 different items for under $4 and good portions?!  $5 dollar HUGE martini's and $2 Sake and Beer? I always sit at their (mini) bar and order the CA rolls, Poki Hand Roll, Chicken Karange (huge amount), Calamari, Spicy Scallop Hand Roll.... The list will keep on going; everything is great. Both Stephanie and Rob are awesome bartenders who are personable and helpful. Just last week, Jason and I were sitting at Steph's bar for over 4 hours planning our wedding over and she was really nice about letting us stay there, even answering our idiotic questions about what our guests would like, and kept feeding me beers (thanks!)... I keep telling all my friends to come here! Like I said, BEST.HAPPY.HOUR.EVER.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,3/30/2012,357,436,6,7,7>Went in for a facial today and it was so great that I fell asleep! My aesthetician wanted to remain nameless for some reason which I don't understand because she's amazing and gets mentioned positively here but I will honor her wishes. You can always PM me for it.I was going to buy the Trubates facial deal but they said they will honor the price at the salon anyway and I was able to get it customized to what I wanted instead of the anti gravity lift they were promoting. I think it was 1.5 hours and $79. They have a winter special now if you buy a bundle of 3, they are $70 a facial. The facial included plenty of neck and shoulder massaging and even a hand/arm massage. My skin definitely feels more moisturized which is what I said I wanted.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,3/29/2012,600,393,8,5,8>Having overdosed on Vietnamese sandwiches in the past, I rarely crave it. But here I am sitting in my room at nearly 2AM wishing I was back in San Jose so I could grab myself a sandwich from Phat Tri for lunch tomorrow... Medical mystery! Somebody call House.I don't think their ingredients are particularly extraordinary, but they just work so well together... and you can't beat their prices either! Together, the textures of the thit nguoi and cha lua trick you into thinking you're eating something way more fatty than you really are... it's so hard to believe I'm not really biting into chunks of thit mo/fat.It's probably not lupus or anything like that... I think Phat Tri has just won their way into my little heart! ;)
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,3/28/2012,177,235,3,16,13>I am pretty sure Lucky7Cab is the only cab service I plan to use from now on....! I was so glad to have found Lucky7Cab, especially after the most horrible Super Shuttle experience. What is so great?1. Awesome and easy online reservation system.2. They take credit cards, including AmEx! And they e-mail you the receipt. High-tech and green! 3. Super courteous service - they arrive early, are super friendly and help you with your luggage. The driver who picked me up from SJC even walked inside the airport to look for me, because I was unsure where he was waiting. The company really takes good customer service seriously.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,3/27/2012,464,603,7,9,7>Hooray for clogging up my arteries!Ahhh so many different burgers to choose from! The one burger that caught my attention was the caprese burger, or mozarella cheese, basil, and tomatoes, with pesto mayo on it. Can I say YUM?!Well, I managed to keep up with my eat-less-meat new year's resolution and substituted the patty with a veggie one. Still tasted delicious. I now wonder how much more savory it would be with MEAT?! Oh well. so that says a lot about how tasty the burger was, even though I asked for a veggie one. My bro got the bacon & blue cheese one and enjoyed it thoroughly. Also, don't order the garlic fries, they were not too exciting... lacking a bit of flavor. Really pleased with my burger, considering it's pretty rare to find a mozarella + basil combo in a burger.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/8/2013,655,394,16,17,16>I'm sitting here typing this review up literally a minute after I just licked my fingers clean of teriyaki sauce from the 2nd Ike's sandwich I've had in 2 days.No shame. No regrets.Damn Ike's makes a damn good sandwich, and I don't even like sandwiches!I still haven't been to the original location in San Francisco, but it doesn't matter, because Ike's is slowly moving closer towards me! First Redwood City, then Palo Alto, then Cupertino, then the Alameda. There should be one near San Jose State soon enough as well. It's only a matter of time before Ike's makes it to the Evergreen area so I don't have to deal with 280 traffic whenever I want to get my hands on a delicious saucy Tom Brady. (The sandwich, though I wouldn't mind if a shirtless Tom Brady was in front of me eating a Tom Brady, inviting me to take a bite. But hey, a girl can dream right?)The location of this Ike's is right across the street from De Anza College, making it super busy and rushed during peak lunch hours and in between class times. Parking is very limited and fills up quickly, forcing you to park in the shopping plaza's nearby, which also all have limited parking. The store itself is also cramped. Not enough space to stand in line, so you'll be outside along the sidewalk. And as for seating, you guessed it, limited seating as well so plan on taking your sandwich to-go, unless you're lucky to snag a seat. Every employee I've met here is super friendly, engaging in conversation despite the rush, always willing to make great recommendations, and very aware of food allergies and dietary restrictions. They explained to me the different types of vegan bread they offered, and was careful to give me a vegan lollipop with my order.Now to the most important part of this review: the sandwich itself.Yesterday I had the vegan Captain Crunch. Vegan chicken cutlets, avocado, vegan cheese, dripping in orange glaze sauce. I thought the glaze sauce would be too sweet or over powerful, but it was PERFECT. Oh geez it was so deliciously messy. Super filling and the vegan soy cheese was so melty.Today, I had the vegan Ugly Owl. It is vegan chicken cutlets with soy cheese and teriyaki sauce. Similar texture and feel as the Captain Crunch, but with a more savory bite, rather than sweet. Also super messy and delicious. I devoured the entire sandwich in one sitting without a second thought.The vegan chicken cutlets are my favorite here. They are breaded and so chewy! I also appreciate that almost any vegetarian sandwich can be made vegan, as they add vegan cheese for FREE. So hard to find places that offer vegan cheese, and harder to find places that offer it without any extra cost.With any Ike's location, they also offer their delicious and unique potato chips and soda drinks. It's really easy to blow $15 for one person here, but damn if their sandwiches keep coming out perfectly every single time I come here, I don't even care.Ike's is the destroyer of new years resolution and I have absolutely no regrets.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,2/7/2013,490,412,18,14,14>As usual, I like to start off a new year with a five star review...I also need to justify my new 2013 elite badge, so here we go.  Keeping it real in 2013.Kim never fails to transform me from a scraggily unkept looking guy into a young, efferescent chick magnet.  Or at least that's what she makes me feel like regardless of the outcome of my visit with her.Every cut is followed by a wash, which is great if you have to go back to the office.  Each cut is also followed by a scalp and shoulder massage that will make you feel like not going back to work.Call ahead, as she is popular and could get busy.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,2/6/2013,285,153,14,16,13>This place is always warm and inviting and I love the vegan hipster vibe. If you're looking for a place with old-school Melvins and Sleep posters on the walls and a crowd that wears thick beanies, even on hot days in the middle of summer, this spot is definitely for you!I've never been known to turn my nose up at veggie cuisine as long as there is an abundance of flavor. Their food is always packed with a good amount of spice and the portions are always generous. Some of my favorites here would be the yellow Thai coconut curry, jerk chikn with tofu, stuffed bell peppers and vegan pork buns. They also do burritos if you're not in a mood for anything in the curry realm. Now I know many of you must be saying, "five stars for vegan food?" Frankly, you'd be right to suspect that something is not quite right here. I think what puts this place up there with my favorites locally is the beer selection. Even if you don't eat here, you won't be disappointed if you are a craft brew connoisseur. **Pliny the Elder on Tap.** Normally, I wouldn't even need to continue the conversation after hearing that. They also have brews from Dogfish Head, Russian River, North Coast, Bear Republic, Deschutes and Drake's. That's just on tap. If you're a Belgian beer person, they have a lot to choose from in the bottle too. If I lived closed to this place, I'd probably be by for beers at their mini bar a few times a week.Maybe it's my age, but this place seems like a throwback to the 90's. The people wearing beanies year round, the local bands playing in the front of the restaurant and the rock posters on the walls take me back and make me feel comfy. If you've ever watched the TV show Portlandia, you know the dream of the 90's is alive in Portland. The same can be said for Good Karma Vegan House.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,2/5/2013,674,373,17,24,22>I had my My Best Friend Wedding (the movie) moment at this place..it is the scene* when Julia Roberts received a call from her friend during the wedding reception and she thought he is back in NY. And if you saw the movie you know what happened next. =)...This place is huge!!!!   As others pointed out they have stage for live outdoor performances and lots of tables and chairs!!!  Inside is a food court which reminds me of the SF Ferrry Building food court/ Emeryville food court.  The food court have variety of stuff from Vietnamese to Italian.  I had the banh mi at the Vietnamese place and it was good and the service was good too....staff at the patio takes order of your drinks and she was efficient.My first time here at this place was an UYE with some SBC Yelpers....**the scene youtube.com/watch?v=DDds
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,2/4/2013,576,429,12,15,12>New Yelp Friend asked me what foods I crave.Dusita Tom Yum Soup with Prawns - Med/Spicy is one of them.WARNING: I predict that in about 10 years, my taste buds will be completely fried from all the spicy foods I eat, therefore, rendering all my yelp reviews thereafter completely useless.You've been warned...and you can thank Dusita for that.They have spice levels from mild, medium, hot, and THAI HOT. OHHH YEA. Feel the burn. I've been looking for a Thai restaurant that does spicy right and God All Mighty, Dusita delivers.They also make a mean, mean, delicious tom yum soup.What I've tried:- Tom Yum Soup w/ Prawns (clearer broth, Med/Hot): SPICY (even at medium - but still good). Soothing, delicious, sweet yet sour broth and big prawns (at least sometimes).- Tom Kha Soup w/ Prawns (coconut milk one, med/hot): VERY good in small doses! Creamy and sweet but tangy and spicy. oooh wee!- Spicy Beef Salad (Med): sauce is AMAZING. And yes, SPICY! Watch out - there is chopped lemongrass, which is almost inedible! Beef is not that great quality (mehh) but love the sauce.- Spicy Shrimp Salad (Med / Hot): Because the beef in the beef salad is so chewy, we got the shrimp salad once. OMG YES. So refreshing and packed full of flavors! Eat it quick though, doesn't keep very well.- Basil Chicken (Med/Hot): sweet but spicy...just like me ;)!- Green Curry (Med/Hot): NO bamboo shoots (good for Pandas, bad for me). Has eggplants, mehhhh. Very creamy and flavorful.EVERY time I call and I ask for hot, they ask "have you been here before?" and I say yes. They warn you because it really is THAT SPICY. When I tell him my name, he says, "oh Ms. Tina, I remember you!"SO FREAKIN SWEET.(The woman is not as cheerful but...she gets it done)Several times I've asked for extra jalapenos on the side (can't help myself) and a few times, they've forgotten. Portions are generous.They have frequent diner cards where you get a stamp for every entree you purchase. 10 gets you a free entree on your next visit.I got mine in less than a month.DUSITA, even though you're slowly killing my taste buds, I still love you. We have a sick relationship but I'm in this for life.FOREVER YOURS,Tina
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,2/3/2013,782,197,6,6,6>Can't decide if you should get your car washed or if you want to feed some fish? Come here and do both.This efficient car wash is in the shape of a Mississippi River Boat and they have an assembly line system the pumps people through. My car came out very clean (not perfect, but good enough.) They did an excellent job vacuuming. Pop your trunk if it needs attention. The cheap wash is $12.99, and it takes about 15-20 minutes. (Don't be suckered into spending more...unless you really want that air freshener.) They also have a trinket-filled gift shop with cards and a snack shop offering coffee and smoothies. You can even fill up your tank at the on-site gas station. Then entertain yourself by feeding the koi fish after you pay inside at the cashier. Bonus: After ten washes, you get one free. Sign up to be a VIP if you want coupons and other discounts.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,2/2/2013,304,267,25,25,23>Cause if you really really like it then you should put a ring on itDon't be mad if she don't like it, Dynasty will make her like it!Wuh Uh Oh Uh Uh Oh Uh Oh Oh Uh Uh Oh!?!?!?!?!?!Ok so now we got that out of the way...let's talk about Dynasty Jewelers where I recently purchased my engagement ring from....After going to Zales, Kay's, Shane Co., and various other places I ended up coming back here because of the customer service and that they stood behind their product.Originally I picked out a ring with a cathedral setting from Zales with a colorless princess cut diamond...the ring was already a pre-made but I wanted to make some additional modifications such has adding side stones.  Jorge from Dynasty was super confident that he could make a better identical ring than the one I saw at Zales and make the modifications that I wanted...He told me "If you don't like it, then you don't have to take the ring, but give me one week and I will create a masterpiece to your liking"....And create he did, not only did he make the modifications I wanted, but he also let me change the top center piece diamond to something bigger and better...the ring was perfect and the customer service was even better from Jorge and his staff.Why pick Dynasty?- they stand behind their product, lifetime warranty- purchase ring from them and you will get a free cleaning throughout your lifetime- they can build any ring or modify your ring in case your fiance doesn't end up liking it at no extra cost- competitive pricing on their diamonds
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,2/1/2013,736,972,13,14,16>Get lost here. Stop on your way home from work, or after dinner, but get lost here.  If the intoxicating roses don't seduce you, then the melodic sounds from the wind hitting the trees and the water streaming from the fountain will.     it's one of our hidden treasures in SJC and it's free.  No dogs allowed, and although that seems cruel, I really enjoy the serenity this joint evokes.  Get lost here, and don't be surprised if you see Alice and the white rabbit passing you by.  Off with their...wait, wrong story.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,1/31/2013,96,131,29,33,26>Me Before:   8-)Me After:      :-D*singin'...............I can see clearrrrrly now, the rain is gone.I can see allllll the obstacles in my way!.........Gone are the dark clouds that had me blind.It's gonna be a briiiight (bright), briiiight (bright) Sun-Shiny daaaaay!Oh Dr. Bindi... Thank you again for giving me 20/20 vision without glasses, thanks to your all-laser LASIK treatment!  You and your entire staff are very nice and professional and I felt comfortable trusting you with my eyes/vision from my initial free consultation visit, to the procedure day and the follow up visits. I had my all-laser LASIK procedure almost 3 months ago on a Friday.  The 2-step procedure is very quick and painless.  Afterwards, I got a ride home & took a nap as I just wanted to keep my eyes closed, and the Valium the Doc gave me probably helped.  That night I could open my eyes a bit, but I went to bed early as my eyes felt better closed. In the morning, I awoke and out of habit reached for my glasses on my nightstand, then I realized they were gone (& hopefully no longer needed).  I walked into my bathroom and looked into the mirror from a distance, staring into my blue eyes staring back at me, with perfect clarity and detail.  It was the first time I had seen myself like this since my vision faded in grade school I suppose. I then looked out my window at the far away hillside tops and could see every detail!  I was very, very happy with my decision to do this!  I had no problem driving from Monterey up to San Jose for my follow-up exam that Saturday morning.  Everything checked out and I was amazed at how quick the recovery was and how awesome it was to see so clearly without glasses. Sure you have to be careful not to rub your eyes for awhile, and there are several different eye drops you need to use for awhile, but it's pretty easy. I was nearsighted with astigmatism in one eye, and I wore glasses for almost 20 years.  What a great feeling it was tossing my glasses into the Doc's donation bin!  Another perk is that I can now buy regular sunglasses, and no longer need to spend big bucks for prescription sunglasses (I used to spend $500 for Rx Oakley's).  Sports such as swimming and basketball are a lot more fun now.  It really was the best $4,500 I've ever spent!!!  Thanks again Dr. Bindi!   8-)   *oops, I mean....   :-)
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,1/30/2013,456,384,12,10,9>You know how most sushi places just make up the most random names for their rolls? Then the dish comes out and you're just like eh, this doesn't really resemble the name at all. Well, not here. Or rather not for one particular roll but I'll get to that a little later.The place itself is very small, I got sat next to a bamboo curtain that I kept hitting my elbow against. The lunch menu and prices are a great value. Miso, salad, and very generous portions of salmon, tuna, and yellowtail sashimi for their sashimi lunch combo. I counted 12 pieces in total for less than 20 bucks.After my friend ordered her lunch combo and I followed suit, I thought maybe we should at least order one roll for both of us to share. Reviews kept mentioning volcano so I asked her if she wanted that one. That's when she asked me if I was sure for it was a very big roll. I laughed and my competitive side instantly kicked in (whenever people doubt my stomach I go Barney Stinson on them and my stomach yells out "Challenge Accepted!"). With a name like volcano I figured maybe it had red sauce flowing from it or what not to make it look like molten lava, then it came out and I instantly knew why it was named "Volcano".First off, WHAT IS THIS? A SUSHI ROLL FOR JOEY CHESTNUT? The thing was huge! And it was in the shape of a mountain, or more accurate, a volcano (oh so that's where the name came from). Covered in tempura bits and spicy mayo sauce over flowing from EEERRRRWHERE, it resembled Mt. Vesuvius with my mouth covered in tempura crumbs like ashes. I had to dig my way through with the spoon just to finally uncover the salmon roll underneath. The salmon roll was delicious and sauce was on point. I don't have a second off, but let me just say that "roll" shouldn't even be called a roll, it should be called a frickin' life sized volcano.I will now learn to be more cautious when ordering sushi rolls with names that could potentially describe exactly what I'll be getting. Gotta watch out for the 49er roll from Cha Cha Sushi, don't want Patrick Willis to show up on a plate now.Oh and here's the beast in all of its glory, yelp.com/biz_photos/goka
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2007,3/27/2007,591,426,77,21,24>My parents are scary.  My mom is a perfectionist with acute OCD and my dad is a litigator with a sense of humor that will make your mouth dry.4 years ago, my parents suggested meeting my boyfriend.  We had been dating for almost a year and I had been hiding him.  On purpose.  They had only met one other boy, whom they refer to as "Chumpy"...Be afraid.  Be very afraid.Navio at the Ritz was to be the place that my latest relationship would meet its demise.  The hour drive there was spent with parental flashcards, cliffs notes and instructional diagrams for the boyfriend to study.  I drilled him hard...Moms Favorite Song:Frankie Valli - Oh What a NightDads Hometown:Charleston, SCMoms pet peeve:Shoes left in the living roomDads best feature:Roman NoseIf you find yourself in trouble refer to topics A, B or C:Weather, Sports, HorticultureTopics to AVOID at all COSTS:Politics, Money (lack of) and why Rachel consistently fails in not only life, but all relationships ever.We got there, made our way to the bar, and started drinking.  Heavily.  Big Mistake.  Huge!  All operative training flew out the window after two drinks, and boyfriend was left to wing it...Food at Navio is outstanding.  As we ate, we inched our way from Yellow to Red Hot on the terror scale...We discussed politics (danger) over creamy pumpkin soup.  We moved onto Money (F*CK) over delicious butter leaf salads, studded with pomegranate seeds and blue cheese.  Eventually we grazed on over to Why Rachel Fails in Not Only Life, But All Relationships Ever (SOMEONE SHOOT ME IN THE FACE) over the best salmon I've ever had.Dessert came.  A trio of pumpkin desserts (it was Pumpkin Festival Time in October).  All very delicious.  And that's when Boyfriend made his fatal mistake.  Everything leading up to this could have been forgiven, he looked at the trio of desserts and said, "What's French for Menage a Tois?"Are you kidding me?  Sexual reference and stupidity rolled up into one sentence?!!?!!!  Mayday, mayday.  Another one is currently in the process of biting the dust.  We're going to need a replacement, ASAP.Dad looked at boyfriend, hard and long.  His mean lawyer eyes piercing right through boyfriend's soul.  I saw boyfriend start to tremble a little, as Dad gave him the dementors kiss.... But, just when I thought it was over, Dad astounded me to my very core and said, "Tre Bien.  Tre Bien is French for Menage a Tois"  and the old man laughed.  Laughed, because he thought boyfriends idiocy was just a clever joke.  During dessert boyfriend and parents found a new topic I had left off of the list...How Rachel failed 3 classes in 2 quarters (MOTHER F*CKER).  Strangely, this was a bonding moment for them.Alls well that ends well, right.  After some verbal lashing and some really sensual and delicious food, we flew the Ritz triumphant.  Having conquered the parents, we were unstoppable...Sadly, months later, I had to break up with that boyfriend... remember Rachel fails in everything.  Not only life, but also all relationships, ever.Parents now refer to that boyfriend as "Bumpkin".
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2007,3/26/2007,49,74,3,5,2>Ah, Zott's! Nestled away off the 280 in Portola Valley, this place screams charm and uniqueness. An OLD watering hole / stop off point for pioneers in the 1800's, Alpine Inn is a creaky wooden cabin-looking restaurant and, best part, beer garden. Walk inside, order a pitcher of lager and a burger and fries, and TELL ME you're not digging it. Picture ritzy LA hotspots, and completely reverse that. You'll wander into the beer garden in the back, and find at least 2 or 3 groups of older Stanford alumni, throwing back Sierra Nevada and Budweiser tall boys, reminiscing about the old days. Bask in the sun, sipping your cheap beer out of plastic cups and chewing the down-home fries, and realize that life is good. Uh, yeah, no dress code, no pretention, all is well. Go Zott's.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2007,3/25/2007,537,770,6,5,6>I have been humbled by Equinox. Not because of it's lavish facilities or the most wonderful spa area that is contained within it, nor by the seer volume of exercise equipment that no one has to wait for, or awed that you can access the club sans ID card by using the fingerprint reader. No. I am humbled because of the 50 year old white ladies in the hip hop class that I attended that can break it down to the beat better than I can. No really. I am shamed and so sad that I may not go back. Apparently compared to these old bitties I have no coordination whatsoever. Nevertheless the class was fun. As part of an introduction to the gym, I got to attend that class and get a 20 minute massage for free. It was the best of everything. While waiting for my massage, I nibbled on grapes and there was wine as well as some delicious looking cheeses. But I had been dehydrated from the class, so no wine for me, I wish they had some water in there.This place had all the amenities of a finer upscale gym. If I were closer to where I lived I might consider joining, well, that and if I exercised regularly. It was swanky, clean, has valet parking. (Also they do have corporate rates, so if you can get your company to make a deal, you should do it.)
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2007,3/24/2007,99,1,5,3,4>I've been searching for my perfect hair stylist for the past 5 years without success (and as a consequence suffered from a succession of asian mullets).   But now I have found her.  Her name is Amanda and she's my hair dream come true.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2007,3/22/2007,194,395,,7,6>They have 12 different kinds of dried plum, my favorite. They ALSO have garlic Nagaraya and Poki stix. I love this place.If they only had Sampaloc, that would be awesome.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2006,3/21/2007,15,16,,13,5>This place just opened up a few weeks ago and I'm sure they are still tweaking things, but they are close to getting it right!  Their jambalaya is delicious!  I loved the way the sausage had been cook before being added to the jambalaya and was cooked perfectly.  The seafood gumbo was good - we had the rice on the side.  We also had their cajun fries - nothing super special - just good seasoned steak fries (I swear some of them were half a foot long!).  The crab cakes were good - a little crispy but still yummy.Their signature items are their "Louisiana Boils" (which I'm not familiar with) - I'm not much of a crawfish person, but I could see them growing on me over time.  We got the "kitchen sink" (all flavors combined: Original, Spicy Cajun, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Butter) crawfish and the garlic butter shrimp.  The shrimp was REALLY good.  I'd go back just to munch on those.  They also have crab which we didn't try on this outing - but I'm sure we'll try next time.For dessert they have beignets and different flavors of cheesecake.  The beignets did not taste like I remember them tasting at Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans - these were dense and had a hard shell.  They come covered with powdered sugar (yum-E) with your choice of sauce: chocolate, strawberry or caramel.  I will probably try the mocha cheesecake next time.All in all, this place was great - I'd definitely go again.  They've done a great job decorating and it looks like they even have a back room that would be ideal for large parties.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2007,3/20/2007,871,695,30,14,12>Imagine a Denny's from 1972 but instead of Flo serving up greasy bacon and slinging filthy hash, you have a classy group of waiters wearing tuxedos serving up some coma inducing food.Now that the intro is done with, as Nacho Libre would say, "Let's get down to the nitty gritty."- Walk in and don't be disappointed by the wait.  Use this time to get acquainted with Jose, Johnny and Mr. Jack Daniels.  The bar staff is quite friendly and will do their best to make sure that the cab companies have someone to take home that evening.- Admire the 70s styling and the removable panels that magically make two booths out of one.- Upon hearing your name, you will be greeted by a man in a tuxedo and shown your table.- The menu has quite a bit to offer and i recommend it all, but if you want the ultimate Joe's experience, stick with this plan and do not stray.- Order the steak sandwich.  I prefer medium rare, but this part is much like the one elective i got in college, up to you.- Do not over stuff yourself with the bread and olive oil they bring.  - Do not be deceived by the "side of raviolis" since by side, they mean two main course sized portions slammed onto a tiny plate.- When the steak sandwich comes, here is where the magic begins.  You will be faced with a formidable opponent but with sheer will, grit, determination, the help of Allah, whatever, you can overcome this challenge.  The steak sandwich is a huge hunk of garlic buttered toasted bread with an entire steak.  Your tools, a knife and our one advantage over the rest of the animal kingdom, hands with opposible thumbs.  Set the bread aside for now and deal with the steak portion.  Cut the steak into slices and unless you want to choke on a 6 inch piece of meat (keep your head out of the gutter), cut AGAINST the grain.  Once you have rendered the steak down to manageable strips, place these strips onto the bread.  Arrange again, against the grain to enhance the biting experience and to discourage what I call full "meat-al" jacket - where all the meat comes out of the bread due to poor planning.  Add some A1 steak sauce and place the top of the bread on the sandwich.  Now this next step is a total pain in the ass but trust me, it's worth it.  While your friends are gorging themselves on their delicious chicken Parmesan and veal cutlets, you will have to wait a full 5 minutes.  Now this waiting period is much like the waiting period on buying a gun.  It's for your safety and those around you.  You see, the bread you get is, while delicious, pretty toasty and firm.  So during this 5 minutes, you will be soaking up the deliciousness of the juices coming off the steak therefore softening the bread.  Nothing worse than "captain crunch" mouth and trust me, this bread will do that to you.  After the requisite 5 minute wait period, dig in and enjoy the greatest steak sandwich on the planet.  - Have another cocktail, people watch, and try not to burst your top button on those overpriced diesel jeans.Well, follow those steps above and you will have one hell of a sandwich.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2007,3/19/2007,143,149,4,8,5>There's not really much to review about a florist. Either the flowers are vibrant and healthy or they're wilting and dead. I had some flowers delivered to that special someone (she know's who she is) at her work on Valentine's Day. Deliveries like that are always an act of serious faith in the florist. Kimm's Flower Basket, not only got them to the right place, they made up a beautiful arrangement of fresh and vibrant flowers that are, coincidently, still in their vase on the coffee table, and very much still alive. Thank you Kimm's Flower Basket for delivering such beautiful and fresh flowers on the day that most men get in trouble for blowing it with bad (or forgotten) gifts.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2007,3/17/2007,463,792,2,6,4>deviled eggs. everything else is a bonus. love this place.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2007,3/16/2007,108,292,8,8,11>I love this place. The food is delicious and with $1 naan and Bhuna Ghost (boneless lamb dish cooked with tomatoes, onions, garlic, chilis, coriander, turmeric) to die for, this is now well into my lunchtime rotation.Sure the location is a bit random, wedged inbetween a couple of used car lots. Sure parking is limited. Sure you have to order up front, get a number, pick up your own silverware and seat yourself. So what!? At 5-6 bucks a dish, there's no reason to be complaining!! What?!? You expect Aishwarya Rai to arrive on a magic carpet, order for you and whoosh you away to your assigned seating?Seriously people, with the amount of Silicon Valley FOB's pining for their home food that are eating here AND the massive flavours, you know you're getting the Real-Deal-Holyfield. So stop whining!
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,10/24/2010,221,168,10,7,7>After I heard all the raves on yelp & my friends about this place, i knew I had to try it myself! My boyfriend took me to get a slice of their burnt almond cake and when we got there, he ended up buying me a whole cake to myself for just $15!! I was so antsy to try it on the way home, i pulled a spoon out of my purse and dug right into the cake. oh my god, it was heaven in my mouth. the cake was super moist and not too sweet. i could have eaten the whole cake and not even get tired of it. it had just the right amount of almonds on top too! I am in love with this cake now. we brought the cake home, and within the hour the cake was gonzo! i saved a slice for my mom to take home though. When i brought it home, she said she was going to take a bite and save the rest for after dinner. when i came down for dinner, she told me the cake was too good for just one bite, she killed the whole thing!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2010,10/23/2010,522,445,7,10,8>What a healthy and delicious place!Sante Grill has a fast food restaurant layout, but they serve light, fresh and healthy food items that actually taste good!They have a big menu for such a small place, with a variety of selections under their "360 Lite Meals" menu, meaning that the dishes in this part of the menu are all under 360 calories!I got a Mediterranean Portabella Wrap.  I picked the 360 option and it came with broccoli and bottled water/fountain drink (your choice).  The broccoli was pretty standard - I think it was steamed.  The good thing about it was, unlike many restaurants, it wasn't heavily salted and wasn't bitter.  The wrap was a good size, but the only downside is it was too sloppy :( The balsamic vinaigrette leaked all over my plate!  But the flavor was good and the filling was plentiful.  It was stuffed with marinated portabellas, feta cheese, tomato, basil (didn't taste a lot of that), red onion, cucumber, lettuce, and wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla.  What I liked about it is even though it had feta cheese and onion in it, the flavor was balanced and nothing was overpowering.Dylan got Spicy Pacific Rim Grilled Chicken, with black beans and air baked fries on the side.  What a delight!  I was really surprised to taste that the sauce for the chicken was not disgusting and goopy, and the chicken breasts were tender and juicy!  And I loved their air baked fries.  Yes, it wasn't crispy like fried fries but I felt healthier eating them.  On top of that, they weren't super salty like the fries that you get at most restaurants!I really love their concept of providing healthier dishes to people that work and live in Downtown.  I am definitely coming back again to try some of their other items, such as sirloin steak tip salad, bison burger (free-range!!), and their crispy green bean fries!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,10/22/2010,989,460,6,7,9>We needed a mix of comfort for the guys and a dash of style for the only female in the house. In other words, we were looking for something that was going to suit the best of both worlds. A friend of mine saw my bed frame and noticed the color theme I had going with the other furniture, so she suggested I check out Norcal Furniture for some of the remaining sets I was hunting for. I looked around their website and instantly knew I had to get the 'Giovanni Dining Set'. It matched perfectly with the rest of our furniture and I loved the look. It was casual yet classy, just like me. Heyyyy....I called and talked to one of the reps on the phone to have it arranged to be delivered to my house. I even made a note to remind myself to mention "YELP" since their site says we get free shipping if we said it, so why not! As I'm sitting on my couch and staring at my new dining table, I love how it matches with everything so I'm very content with my new purchase. Service was great as well and they were patient with me and kind enough to answer my bazillion questions without giving any attitude or know-it-all type of remarks. Check them out!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2010,10/21/2010,866,266,14,12,6>We brought our 18 month old daughter here for gym class, and she (and we) loved it. It's a great space for introducing some basic techniques. Serena is a great teacher, conveying her enthusiasm and energy to the kids. Her instructions were clear, and she was very patient with both kids and parents.It's hard not to crack smiles in the birdie class. We try to sit in a circle, and some kids refuse, instead zipping around the room. Others listen to instruction and enjoy the structure of the class. The class goes through a program of learning, exploring, playing with balls and bubbles, songs, and spotting kids as they try the equipment. Very enjoyable.Caution to first-timers: don't sit near the edge of the air mattress as it's being inflated. I made that mistake and rolled off the edge on to the floor. Whoops! Not the best example for the kids in the class. All of the parents had to quickly tell their kids: No, not like how he just did.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,10/20/2010,439,671,10,12,12>The World According to NoelleAllergic Girl's Guide to Life1 2, 1 2 3 4-Give me more lovin' than I've ever had,Make it all better when I'm feelin' sad,Tell me that I'm special even when I know I'm not,Make it feel good when I hurt so bad, Barely gettin' mad,I'm so glad I found you; I love bein' around you. You make it easy, it's easy as 1,2- 1,2,3,4There's only 1 thing 2 do 3 words 4 you- (I love you) I love youThere's only 1 way 2 say those 3 words and that's what I'll do-(I love you) I love you.  - Plain White Ts- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -my family has been eating cakes from margaret's french bakery when she had an actual store front. this year we worked with margaret on two important occasions. earlier this year we purchased a graduation cake which was made in the shape of an ipod- it was devils food with raspberry filling. the ipod cake was a success- it looked amazing and tasted super delicious.i knew exactly what i wanted for my wedding cake. the brides cake was modeled after darcy miller's nine tier wedding cake. for those of you who don't know darcy miller- she is the editorial director of martha stewart weddings. from the very start margaret and her entire staff were easy to work with which made my life easier! i brought in a picture of the cakes i wanted. my cake (the bride's cake) was five tiers instead of nine like darcy's original. the groom's cake was modeled after a NASCAR car. my husband and i were married on my grandparents birthday/wedding anniversary, the third cake was a vintage gucci purse.my cake had different flavors- two tiers were triple vanilla and the other three were orange almond. the groom's cake and my grandmother's birthday cake were devils food. the cakes not only looked beautiful but they tasted delicious!  to me margaret is the local ace of cakes or cake boss. margaret and her staff are creative, professional and kind.noelle's notesmaragaret's is the best bakery for wedding cakes!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,10/19/2010,244,84,9,20,11>This is authentic Hong Kong style food which is nothing too spicy, and if it is, it is on the mild side. Everything here is good, but here are my favorites1. Peking Duck- They serve it with the little white buns so you can make a duck sandwhich with hoy sing sauce and chives. 2. Hainain Chicken(individual meal)- You can order the chicken seperatly to share with people, but I like the individual meal because it comes with rice that is salted and cooked with what seems to be chicken broth instead of water. Also, the ginger/onion/ dipping sauce tastes good over rice, or with the chicken. so yummers.3. Spare Rib Chow Fun-  Get this one in the black bean sauce, so good, carbs never tasted so awesome4. Xiao Long Bao  (dumplings)- You can order 6 or 12 pieces. They are very very good. The key to eating these is to pinch the top of the dumpling with chopsticks to pick it up. Put the dumpling into your oversized spoon, with or without the vinager sauce. Bite into it however you like but don't let the juices spill out of the spoon, that is what makes these dumplings so good, the juice is liquid heavenParking is non-existent, if you can't find anything in this 20 car lot look for street parking, all the other vendors have reserved areas they dont want you in. The wait is long if you don't get there when it opens. There is usually a line that forms 20-30 people when it opens on the weekends, sometimes on the weekdays. Don't worry if you are 30 deep in line, you will still get seated in the first wave. This place seats around 100 people maybe less. The place gets loud so don't expect to have a meaningful conversation here, just focus on saying stuff like 'pass the dumplings', 'more tea please' and 'wait, this place is cash only?!' The cash only and how loud this place is gets Cooking Papa a -1 for stars. If you get it to go as my office typically does its the best chinese food around, especially given how low the prices are.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,10/18/2010,96,154,8,11,10>I'm writing this with a tummy full of Paris Baguette waffle and feeling quite full but also very awake from all the sugar!My two favorite things at Paris Baguette are the croquettes and the waffles.  Both are pretty rich and heavy in their own ways, but soooo delicious!This place is usually very busy, so be prepared to elbow people.  Don't worry, they'll elbow you too.  And don't show up too late in the day, or all of the good stuff will be gone.But showing up early and getting elbowed is totally worth it for their extremely delicious and reasonably priced treats.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,10/17/2010,146,142,7,10,10>Earning every one of those 5 stars I originally gave with no problem.There is much talk on Yelp about how Nick's is small & unremarkable. In my opinion, less is more with Nick's. It's tasteful & classy without trying to hard. It's a quaint, intimate dining room that is filled with warmth largely due to the staff & regulars. There are some large framed black & white old photos on one wall that are all of Nick's family taken in the Cupertino area. Nick comes out and really talks with people. And when I took a trip to the restroom, (you have to stroll by the kitchen) I noticed Nick cooking away. The food was superb. Here is a quick breakdown: Starter: 'Trust The Chef' & Nick didn't disappoint with a Braised Pork Belly served atop toasted Focaccia with mushrooms, black truffle oil & balsamic vinegar. Topped with a fried egg. OMG!!!Salad: Butter Lettuce Salad with Blue Cheese and a french fried maui onion. Again, OMG!!! Entrees: I had the Braised Short Rib & my husband had the Lamb. We  loved both & exchanged many bites. Dessert: Warm Banana Bread Pudding. This was a deal breaker for me because anyone who knows me, knows my love affair with bread pudding. My mom made it for me growing up, I order it whenever it's on a menu, yadda, yadda and so on. This was THE BEST bread pudding I have ever had. I think it was made with a sourdough bread but I'm not sure. Nick would have to clarify. SO YUMMY & a must.Thanks to Nick & the staff for making my birthday dinner a memorable one. I would highly recommend dining at Nick's.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,10/16/2010,736,863,17,15,13>I don't know what it was, but my sweet tooth started to throb as I read several reviews about Icing on the Cake. I couldn't take it anymore, so I decided to make the trip to Los Gatos for a remedy.It was fairly crowded when I arrived about an hour before closing. There were about a dozen employees behind the counters, so I didn't have to wait too long. I decided to get an assortment of six cupcakes. I wanted two of the six to be red velvet, but they had already ran out of red velvet for the day. It was okay though, as it just gave me a reason to come back!So anyway, the gentlemen who helped me ended up picking the following assortment: neopolitan, cookie dough, swirly cake, pink lady, cookies and creme, and original (yelp.com/biz_photos/HYoV). All I have to say is that my sweet tooth is sooo happy right now! It got more than just a remedy! All of the cupcakes exceeded my expectations, as they were all so fluffy, moist, and DELICIOUS! My favorite was the pink lady--it was a vanilla or sweet cream cake with some sort of berry icing, berry filling, and shredded coconut sprinkled on top. The coconut complemented the cake and icing excellently and the berry filling was a sweet surprise! I haven't had a cupcake that good in awhile and I am totally a fan of this cute little bakery! I really would have given them five stars, but I'm going to have to hold off on that until I come back to try their red velvet.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,10/15/2010,378,778,11,16,14>4.5 stars!Helllllooo great new find! I agree...this place is hit or miss as far as service goes but the food is a HUGE hit that I am willing to overlook tonight's long wait.We arrived tonight on a Friday night about 7:30pm. I was worried that there would be a long wait for a table but we were lucky and got the last table for 2. They served us waters and these little fish chips with our menu. We decided on what we wanted....and waited to order...and waited...and waited....and waited. We had our waters filled 3 times and our chips filled up twice before we could actually get someone to take our order. At this point, I wasn't feeling the love for this place but I wasn't in a hurry and decided to enjoy the nice dinner with my husband. It wasn't crowded so I am not sure what took so long to take our orders. About 15-20 minutes after arriving, we finally were able to order. I was a bit irritated since the family that came in right before us had already ordered before us quite a while ago. We started with their weekend special appetizer of Orzo Soup and the Crab cake. Both came out pretty quickly after ordering and both tasted amazing! The Orzo soup was just what we needed on this cold and wintery night. Very freshing and light. The crab cake was probably the best crab cake I have ever eaten. My husband even agreed on that. It was light and crunchy on the outside and flaky and delicious on the inside and not greasy at all.For dinner, I ordered the Hangar steak with shallot sauce which was a pan seared hangar steak and shallot pan sauce served with mashed potatoes. Very very very good! I highly recommend this dish. The steak was perfectly done at medium and it wasn't served with a steak knife. It was so tender that my butter knife cut right through it. They served quite a bit of steak that I had to give some to my husband. The sauce was amazing and really livened up this dish.My husband ordered the filet of sole which was pan seared in brown lemon butter sauce served with  steamed vegetables and rice pilaf topped with lemon confit. O.M.G. Heaven on a plate!!! This was my favorite dish of the night and enjoyed every bite that I stole off my husband's plate. I would order this again in a heartbeat.  I ate every last bite of this dish and wanted to lick the plate but I did refrain from doing that. I was witnessed chewing and sucking on the lemon confits after the dinner was over. I am sure it wasn't a pleasant sight but they were so gosh darn good! We moved on to dessert and ordered the apple tart. Again, another huge hit! It was baked to perfection and definitely delicious. We felt that the apples had a bit of a strange bitter after taste but the ice cream helped to hide the bitterness. Also, this isn't a quiet romantic place if that is what you are looking for. We were unfortunately sat next to a table with 4 kids and the parents. The kids were bored and uncooperative and were crying when we arrived. The sad thing was they were all drinking soda which probably wasn't the right thing to be giving them and continuously through the night I heard the kids chanting "I'm hungry! hurry up!" and then when the parents were trying to enjoy their dinner, the kids were bothering them telling them they wanted to leave. I suddenly had flashbacks of my Mom when I was a kid and I started acting up....taking me out to her little red Chevy Chevette and kicking my butt for being disruptive. Oh how I wish my Mom had been at that table tonight LOL! It would have been a much quieter evening. The obnoxious family was a distraction but it didn't ruin my evening. Overall an excellent meal and I would come back in a second! Service although friendly, is a bit mediocre and almost as though the kinks are still being worked out. I witnessed the nice lady waitress tell the male waiter that he gave a dish to the wrong table. The other table had ordered it first and should have gone to them first but instead it went to the table that ordered after. I noticed a trend in that in the reviews written here. By the way, prices are very affordable here for what you get. We enjoyed 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and a dessert and our check came to $55. Me happy!!
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,7/11/2014,34,53,11,14,9>I've been here twice and got pasta both times. The first time I had pasta in a marinara meat sauce and it was good, but not spectacular. The second time I had the duck pasta and it was AMAZING!! It was creamy and had cranberries in it. I liked how the duck chunks were big and juicy.The apple tart is very good. I think it is always on the menu. It has a nice crunchy texture with almonds on the outside and apple layers on the inside. Must try! I went without reservations (first time was a party of 2, second time was a party of 4) on a weekend night. They offered us the bar seats both times.Looking through the yelp pics, I just realized that I've met Nick twice!! Of course I had no idea and I thought he was a super friendly waiter. Wow crazy :)
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,7/10/2014,130,384,11,20,13>So awesome that Tea Era opened up a new location! So not awesome that it's the same distance from my house compared to the Mountain View location...Anyway, the milk teas are just as delicious here as they are in Mountain View. For those who haven't had Tea Era before, you must get the Roasted Barley Milk Tea! They also serve food, which isn't too bad. I tried the Popcorn Chicken Bento and the Taiwanese Sausage Bento. Both came with a tea egg, rice with ground pork, and some cabbage. The Popcorn Chicken was cooked really well! It was very moist and light, which made it really easy to eat. The Taiwanese Sausage was ok, but Taiwanese Sausages are never really unique anyway. The ground pork over the rice and the cabbage were tasty, but I could have done without the rest of the bento items. They do have lots of snacks to choose from, so next time I'll probably stick with ordering snacks as opposed to the bentos.It's too bad that the Cupertino location and Mountain View location don't use the same stamp cards, but I figure I'll frequent both locations so often, it doesn't really matter to me. On the bright side, this location actually takes credit card!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,7/9/2014,322,342,10,13,10>One of the more interesting stores in Japantown. They have the coolest chips, snacks, and candies! I'm in love with the salad flavored chips lol. How can salad chips be fattening?? A shame they are, but i'll eat it anyway.When I visited in January they had a sign that said that their Green Tea Kit Kats were no longer in season. Poo. It's okay though, there's plenty of other snacks. They also have the poppin' cookin' snacks or whatever they're called. they're like these powder packets you mix with water in a mold to turn into cute little things, like a mini cheeseburger.Produce wasn't priced competitively, kinda on the expensive side even the in season ones. They also sell Safeway-style sushi. Just come for the fatty one-of-a-kind snacks.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,7/8/2014,854,542,35,17,19>"If Musa were a girl..." [see "VIP Oriental" - yelp.com/biz/vip-orienta ]Remember that ex of yours? The one that would bring the good-lovin' most nights, but usually had a suitcase full of crazy for you the next morning...? Now imagine she took a couple cooking classes, traded in the mini-skirts for tight-just-right applebottom jeans, and moved down the street because too many boys were in her yard, you'd have Musa.She still kicks your ass and calls you a b*tch every morning after you thought you could handle her, but at least she looked nice and fed you while you and the crew were trying to man-up on the 8th bottle of soju that somehow appeared though no one ever remembers ordering it.At the end of the night, she gives you a token hug and invites you back though she needn't, she already knows she's got you wrapped around her finger and its only a matter of time before you think you can handle that whole soju thing.You can't, you know? She giggles coyly. You're cute to her, like a puppy playing in a tiger's den.__________________________________________________­_______________Soju, still the devil in a green dress after all these years and a lesson never learned.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,7/7/2014,1328,395,20,26,25>I finally got to discover what Burmese food is all about! If it wasn't for my favorite Yelpers (Janet O., Adam D., Ari W., Vu L., Linda P., and Aaron!) I wouldn't get to try out this new cuisine to expand my global domination! Burmese cuisine has been influenced by Chinese cuisine, Indian cuisine and Thai cuisine.This place is small with nice seating and settings. We had a reservation (only up to 6PM then it's first come first serve) because it can easily get packed and the waiting can be dreadful as I have witnessed a group of ppl have been waiting out the door. RSVP is highly suggested with a group, don't be late to arrive with everyone.We kicked off with the Green Tea Leaf salad everyone was talking about. This is a tremendous multidimensional dish consists of Burmese tea leaves, fried beans, garlic, crunchy peanuts, sesame seeds, tomato, dried shrimp, oil and with a choice of cabbage vs. lettuce. We chose the cabbage because it's more traditional and authentic. As your server put down the plate, they will mix it for you with tong and spoon. Also they will ask if you would like to add chili into the mixture. I am exalted with every elements this leaf salad have! This is my first ever Burmese dish! Me and Vu enjoyed this. Will order again for sure.2nd entree - Kau Swe Thoke (Burmese Style Noodle), made with flat flour noodles supplied with onion and tomato based chicken, fish sauce, garlic oil, chili oil, shredded cabbage, cilantro, lemon and roasted yellow pea powder. Satisfying dish, but I wish it could be more temperature warm/hot because it wasn't even hot at all. I like food that's supposedly hot that can burn my tongue. This is like pad thai but in Burmese ver., of course. 3rd entree - Country Style fish (picked out by Linda P.!) fried tilapia with flavorful sauce with herbs mixed with some radish/daikons. Great dish that comes with steamed rice. The portion is small, though. I got to sample some dishes from Ari, Janet, and Adam's orders - Ohn No Kauk Swe (coconut milk noodle), this bowl of soup is the bomb. Spiced up with so much flavor and the coconut-based soup is on hit. I will get this when I come back again. I got to try out a bite of pork belly dish... so tender and flavorful then the goat stew with herb leaves on top... it's wonderful and savory. I really do like all of them. Each dish serves a unique purpose in their own ways. I cannot justify which ones are my favorite but they are all equally great to me. Staffs are great, allowing to accept our reservation with a group of 7 ppl. Always constantly refilling our water cups like we are fish. My suggestion is that if you're hungry and want to pig out, order twice the amount. Each of their dish is quite just right amount of serving for just two people. You will walk out with a satisfied tummy, not coming out with some type of food post coma. I finally lost my Burmese cuisine virginity... now I am hooked with Burmese food!Until next time, Kyusu!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,7/6/2014,391,402,3,13,6>With my friend staying over for a convention, and having done two of the Bill's already, I did a look up for a different brunch option, and I had been wanting to try The Table for some time. Coincidentally, it is also right next to a Bill's.With ample parking, I was surprised at the line outside of Bill's and the meager line outside of the Table. Fortunately it was just the two of us, and we got seated at the bar, which was fine. Walking in, I instantly got vibes of the Hog's Apothecary: wood table interior with family style seating, unique menu, and a healthy dose of hipster.I give this place 4 stars because I sadly could not partake of the bottomless mimosas, but I did get to enjoy the fried chicken on a cheddar biscuit and the coffee. The chicken and biscuit was good and filling. But the coffee: made with a french press, it was the rare kind of coffee that doesn't need cream and sugar.At the bar, the bartender was an excellent server - friendly, polite, and a craftsman with his drinks. Sweet 'stache, too.I still need to return during dinner, but I enjoyed this place and would gladly return solely for the coffee.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,7/5/2014,288,435,11,15,7>If you're broke, then don't consider this place. And don't bother impressing a first date, just take him/her across the street to TGI Fridays, you can take them to Alexander's once the relationship gets serious. LOLPROS:Service: Out of all my fancier dining experiences, the Alexanders staff was a very professional and courteous staff. My experiences here have always been outstanding. They really provide all their guest with attention and catering to each person dining as if it were their last.Food: From the appetizers to the dessert, each dish had such a distinct and delightful taste. It's a must to start with one of their appetizers, order one of their exotic cuts, enjoy their light desserts along with a glass of their recommended wines. Plus the portion sizes are huge so it's not the typical fancy petite serving you get normally have those fancy venues. Even their side items such as the truffle fries and Mac n Cheese were heavenly.  Ambiance: Even though I hate restaurants with dim lighting, the restaurant still provides an intimate setting for you to really enjoy their meal. Since it was so dark it really distracted me from being on my phone and focus on the wonderful meal. Alexander's Steakhouse is one the top steakhouse you must experience once in a lifetime. Its the place to finally glam up and drink with your pinky up.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,7/4/2014,153,396,5,11,9>This continues to be my favorite market in the area for organic fruits and veggies. ALL of the produce is organic, and often locally sourced. Their prices are very reasonable, and the quality of their fruits and vegetables is excellent. I love seeing what their weekly specials are because I always find a great deal and try something I wouldn't usually buy!I don't know how people can afford to shop regularly at Whole Foods, which is just down Stevens Creek. I would much rather come to Monta Vista and support a locally owned business. Plus, it's never too crowded so I rarely have to wait in line. The market has a business partnership with ALBA, which is located in Salinas. As a result, ALBA is a primary produce supplier to Monta Vista. The market also donates 2% of their sales to ALBA to train low-income farm workers to become self-sustaining organic farmers. Monta Vista is always trying new things to see what will attract customers, so right now they're selling fresh seafood on Friday afternoons (1-6pm). They have fresh Acme bread, Mt. Tam cheeses, Annie's, Late July, and Dr. Bronner's products, to name a few.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,7/3/2014,893,184,12,19,19>I saw all the good reviews of this place and wanted a piece of this. It was kind of in the cuts so it was a little hard to find. When we got there I realized they don't serve scoops so be prepared to buy the buckets. We got Burgundy Cherry and Cookies 'N Cream. I couldn't wait to come home and eat it. One word Yummm this ice cream was delicious . I wish I found this place earlier I wasted so much money on Ben and Jerry's.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,7/2/2014,301,336,36,20,24>The tension at the table is thick enough to cut with a knife. My two dining companions aren't exactly my favorite. Anyone observing our conversation from across the room could tell instantly. I watch as the waiter pulls the cork out of the wine with an audible 'pop'. I look up at the dark-haired guy across the table from me, he's wringing his hands together. The waiter pours two glasses of red and the guy passes one in my direction. I take it and have a sip. The dark-haired guy leans over to the other man at the table and says that he's going to speak to me in Italian. What follows are empty words about how this guy is sorry for what happened to my father and that it was 'just business'. I feign understanding about the situation and tell the guy I just want assurances it won't happen again. He's looking for similar assurances. I'm pissed. I decide I've had enough and announce that I need to go to the bathroom. They're cool with it, but frisk me to make sure I'm not packing heat.I walk through the kitchen, go into the lavatory, and start searching frantically around the toilet. My people told me they were going to leave it there for me. I look left, nothing. I look right, nothing again. Then I see it wedged between the tank and the wall. I put it in my pocket and make sure my hair is in place before I exit the restroom. I can hear the screech of the brakes on the transit bus as I walk back up to the table. They see me behind them and turn to watch anxiously as I return to my chair.The dark-haired guy keeps asking me if I understand. There's more screeching of brakes outside...it's getting louder by the second. I stand up quickly and remove the hidden items from my pocket and proceed to cram a cannolo into his piehole. He falls over. The other guy at the table stares in shock as he drops his fork. I do the same to him before I drop everything and walk out of the restaurant. There's. so. much. fucking. marscarpone. everywhere.Eating at Lillian's always makes me feel like I'm in an old-school east coast Italian eatery. Photos and knick-knacks line the walls and take you back to that old Brooklyn neighborhood feel. The food is always excellent from their Black Truffle Stuffed Gnocchi with Gorgonzola Cream and a Grilled Filet to their impeccably sublime Sunday Gravy over pasta that reminds me of dinners with my own family. The Central Coast-centric wine list is fabulous as well.If there's any possibility that your dinner hasn't stuffed your gullet beyond bursting, I highly suggest one of their classic Italian desserts. You can choose from Spumoni, Tiramisu or Cannoli.A word of advice? Leave the gun, take the cannoli.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2008,4/20/2008,632,224,25,29,18>Alexander.  Alfred.  Morton.  Rathbun.  Robert.  Rick Tramonto.  See a pattern?  Could these be the names of my frosty and distinguished future butlers?  Maybe.  If I win the lotto.  Twice.  And have money to spare after I open a Pinkberry just outside North Beach (two jackpots because stagflation is a b*! and a million USD doesn't get you what it used to).  Notice.  The names are distinctly of the gentrified male gender.  Why is that?  I mean would you be any less inclined to give high marks to a steakhouse named after the counterpart:  Claire?  Miss Solange?  Frances?  Just doesn't have that carnivorous or androgynous punch (Ruth's Chris?), and that's fine because the skilled women of this world have their hands tied throwing up froofy cupcakeries as if the bay area needed yet another.  I don't really know what my point is.  But do I ever?OKAY.  Back to business.  The steaks are really nice and served on enormous warmed white dishes carried out by a legion of suits.  Everything is super proper at Alexander's, so don't leave home without your copy of Miss Manners' Guide To Excruciatingly Correct Behavior.  As far as how and what steak to order -- go with what you're comfortable with.  I personally can't get myself to order anything more than 6 ounces.  My friend once ordered herself a porterhouse -- VERY IMPRESSIVE.  As with most steakhouses, everything is a la carte.  My preferred sides are creamed spinach w/ crunchy parmesan, brussel sprouts, haricot verts w/ smoked bacon (a little too salty), and the mac and cheese (a little on the runny side unfortunately).  But the edge that Alexander's has over its competition?  Like scattered cumulus clouds at dusk, complimentary pink cotton candy -- something I've observed both men and women alike enjoy as if they were 8 years old all over again.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2007,4/19/2008,264,401,5,9,10>3.5 Forget the decor.  This place has been around since the 60s... what can you expect?  The pizza's pretty good.  The supreme is loaded w/ meat including salami and Italian sausage.  It did the job of satisfying my hunger after running 13 miles.  What really got my attention was the bulletin board with Belly Buster challenge winners/losers.  If you can eat a 20-inch 2 topping pizza in an hour, you get free pizza for a year.  When I see these kind of challenges, I really feel like I can do them.  I can eat A LOT...I used to be 20+ lbs heavier.  But alas, the thought of having my polaroid on the Hall of Fame board doesn't outweigh the visual of me throwing it all up in the restroom.  Joey Chestnut, the SJ'er well known for beating Kobayashi at Nathan's hot dog eating championship, ate the Belly Buster in 27 minutes!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/9/2008,4/18/2008,294,926,10,10,11>It's always crowded before events but it's our go-to place for fast pretty good food.Highlights:- Salads: I usually get the cobb: big chunks chicken, tomato, avocado, and bacon. Not the best salad ever, but decent and better than you'd expect from pretty much a cafeteria like place. Chicken and other ingredients taste moist and fresh.- Wine: they not only have it, but some good ones. While I grabbed a seat I asked the hub to get me a glass of chardonnay. I was expecting an average glass but got sonoma cutrer as a welcome surprise.- Better than other arena neighborhood choices: either sandwich, tacos, pizza or nicer places take longer and are more expensive.- Bread: I had a pizza-like piece that came with my salad. Very good: thick but airy with a bit of sweetness to it. It had some cheese and tomato sauce on it which was nice cause I was craving pizza but was being good with the salad so it gave me just the taste I needed. ;-)- Line: even with the long line, it goes pretty fast...Lowlights (my flip side to highlights):- Seating: free for all. Outside big patio is nice but if it's colder, you need to grab one of the rare seats by heat lamps. Inside seating is more limited and very loud. - Pizza: the cheese was too thick and coagulated/almost dried out after a few minutes and they seemed to skimp on the toppings. But, we really liked the bread on pizza. Hub says "there's something about the bread" (same bread as mine I described above) and continues to always order it.We wouldn't make this a destination when eating was the activity of the night, but for a stop before an event, we'll keep coming here.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,4/17/2008,120,313,1,12,12>I adore Big Basin - it's one of my favorite places to hike.  A 10 mile loop takes you past three waterfalls.  The trails are a good mix of downhill and uphill parts - there's one steep section with stairs near the falls, but otherwise it's not so bad.  It's mostly shady since you're surrounded by giant gorgeous redwoods, and it's very lush and green.  The trails are very well maintained, with lots of little bridges to cross.  Careful not to step on any of the fat yellow banana slugs!  There were also plenty of little newts running about.   If you have your heart set on having a picnic on the deck that overlooks Berry Creek Falls, get there either very early or on the later side, because lots of other people have the same idea.An alternate route to Big Basin is to enter it off Highway 1 near Waddell Beach.  I think it's about the same distance to the falls from there.  You also get to avoid the $6 parking fee and the windy road that takes you to the park HQ on the other side.  It's a nice change of pace if you've been to Big Basin numerous times.  Plus, afterwards you can go to Swanton Berry Farms down the road!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,4/16/2008,942,253,12,36,37>One of our family's favorite places to visit by far!  This state park/beach welcomes all to it's sandy shore with a wide variety to please even the pickiest person.  There are the picnic tables & bbq sets with ocean and park views.  An educational center that does a great job of introducing the denizens of the local waters to visitors as well as the *other* visitor ~ the monarch butterfly!  Just outside this visitors center is a chicken wire fenced in spot harboring milkweed - food and nursery to the monarch.  The Monarch Butterfly Preserve, adjacent to the visitors center, is where you can take a wooden bridge pathway down to the bottom of a eucalyptus grove which serves as the home to the monarch butterflies from mid-October through the end of February.  It's so cool looking up at these towering trees and you can see large bundles of monarchs clustering to keep warm.  When spring comes along you will be greeted with monarchs flying lazily all around delighting kids and adults alike ~ can't wait till it warms up to experience this again! :0)If you park at the upper area where the visitors center is, you will have a steep walk down to the beach (not handicap friendly).  It's quite a hike to the water's edge from here or even from the lower parking lot area (limited spaces so park at the upper lot).  Once you are at the water's edge, you will see the reason why it's called "Natural Bridges" although there is no longer a land bridge due to erosion (see the photo, on the official website, showing a land bridge which does not exist anymore).  Body surfing is popular amongst the tween to teen set and just romping around in the water is popular with all.  The sandy beach is so wide and deep it can accommodate a large number of visitors.If laying on the sand is not your cup of tea or too sloth-like, you can climb over the rocky formations to the right (if you are facing the ocean) and check out the tide pools filled with sea creatures of all kinds ~ starfish, little crabs, sea anemones to name a few.  Since we've been going here from the early 1980s, we have seen the changes in the rock formations.  All the same, its still amazing to climb way over to the other side so looking back at the beach area, folks look like ants!  With the ocean right there, there are no words to describe the beauty of this environment....Today there was a high surf advisory so Natural Bridges was closed due to storm conditions however the area along W. Cliff Drive was the front row seat to the show nature was putting on ~ high tide and waves that were towering!  We enjoyed a long walk along the ocean with a peek of sapphire blue sky....my 100th review and it was so worth it!
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2007,4/15/2008,181,207,23,48,19>WHY I SAY WHEN I'M NOT YELPING I'M ADDICTED TO GETTING LASER HAIR REMOVAL ^_^I've been getting lasered here for nearly a year now, since I discovered Blu Cocoon and the owner Cristina based on the great reviews on Yelp!  I get my Brazillian, legs and lip area done and I can't tell you how happy I am with the results!  Believe me ladies, IT IS SO WORTH IT to not have to shave my damn legs and underarms everyday!  I've been to other laser hair removal medspas, and this is by far my favorite one.  Let me tell you, I am so glad I found Cristina for the fantastic results I see and the excellent service I receive!  Cristina, who is also the cofounder, is very honest, upfront and not pushy whatsoever.  During my appointments, she's personablle, funny and also compassionate!  When you are getting lasered or waxed, not only is it important to have someone that is highly competant, but it's also important to find someone that is compassionate when you are getting your hair ripped or zapped off of you!  *Tip* Do not get lasered the week before your period when you are extra sensitive, because it's not the laser that hurts more it's you!  After my first visit, I quickly noticed results, approximately a 20% reduction for my Brazillian area, and believe me I don't miss those hairs whatsoever, haha.  After just a few sessions for my Brazillian area, I was amazed that I hardly noticed anything down there at all!  NO MORE BRAZILLIAN WAXES, YAY! And no more shaving!  Woo hoo!  I wish I had done this sooner, and hadn't wasted my time and money getting Brazillian waxes.  For my lip area, just 2-3 sessions seemed to zap the peach fuzzies where I had to look really hard to find them, haha.  The lasers there seem and are more effective than the other medspas I have been to.  It does feel a bit more painful, to be perfectly honest, but I'd rather suck it up and see better results for my money!  Hey, no pain no gain right?  It's better than having to endure and pay for more sessions with a laser that isn't as effective!  Even more, the lidocaine pain cream used to numb you is INCLUDED with your service!  At other places, it's considered optional and can cost you anywhere from $35-50 for a little tube!  You want the pain cream ladies.     It's also really important that you find someone that you're comfortable with, especially when that someone is pointing a laser gun at your private parts, lol.  Cristina is absolutely wonderful, and we gab and laugh on and on during our treatments.  Her staff as well is a reflection of the owner's professionalism and ease of which to work with! As for pricing, the per treatment prices are very reasonable and a better value than many of the other places I called if you are unsure about getting a package deal or just want to try it out if it's your first time.  However, I recommend going straight for multisessions, as you'll soon be an addict like me once you get started ;-p  Plus, you get a 10% discount if you purchase 5 or more treatments to save you more money.  If after 5 treatments you still need more sessions, it's 50% off thereafter.  A while back, she mentioned a deal she was having on underarms, legs and I believe lip as well.  The best way to find out about specials is to sign up for the newsletter.  It sounded like a great deal!The facilities are nice, new and very clean.  It's always no fuss to make an appointment as the appointment times are flexible in terms of evening and weekend appointments.  Parking is also a breeze, so less stress.Need I say more?  If you have any other questions about getting this done, feel free to message me :-)
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,4/14/2008,736,972,16,13,16>So I was going to give this place 4 stars.4 on its cupcake-it was too doughy for me3 star on it's chicken pesto sandwich-sorry...not the best ever...and nor do I think this place should be judged on it's sandwich.4 for the orzo salad5 stars on its service BUT THEN...knowing how I like to prolong my satisfaction(and being the little sneaker that I am) I purchased a later treat for myself.  I tried this hazelnut mocha thing...and holy bananas.  AMAZING.  If am to review this place on it's sole purpose in life and it's products...making my stomach grow with sweet delight...then 5 stars all the way!   WOW.  I felt like I was on a tiny little choco roller coaster.  Picture this and go with me...First...grab the spoon and open the box(kinda like when you get into the roller coaster car after they opened gates-it's that first excitement-mind you that you probably waited in line for 15 minutes if I am describing great America).Next...you go out the tunnel and straight into the the hard shell.  Feeling like you are just getting started you take a slow dip down and into a soft moist mouse.Oh wait...watch out for the corner, nah...it's just soft chocolate cake...and little tease of what's coming next...And wait...the best part...the up hill..chuchuchcuchcuchu...can you hear the car reeving up...chuchuchcu...it's the toasted hazelnut-and then  the heading down hill really fast-the release.  Yummy excitement and a rush for my taste buds.  WOW.  It' was just like that.  I felt like I was in a commercial...and my hair was blowing in the wind.  Not to chocolaty, not to sweet, and the hazelnut added a good mix of sweet and salty-my kinda dish!Thanks Sugar Butter Flour for my little ride during the winter...and yeah...I probably have to get out more!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,4/13/2008,167,346,15,13,15>This was our in-between place....in-between Roux and Marmist Lounge.....so really it was a lot quieter than Roux and a lot less white trash than Marmist. All in all it wasn't a bad experience per se. The wines were nice but compared to their store around the corner, I wasn't as impressed with their selection. I got a wine flight for $20...they were nice cabs and I don't think it was that overpriced for the wine. My hubby got  2 glasses then I went with a glass of zinfandel after. Okay, we are boozers. Anyhow, we also got a cheese plate.....mmm.....the little roasted tomatoes were so damn good....seriously so good the guy brought the jar over so I could figure out where to get them, and they gave us a little extra. The service was slow but they were packed. And honestly, it was way better slow service than Roux....that was just bad. Would I go again? Sure, I like the little chapel it is in and fun location to people watch.....seriously, the crowd going into Sino is why I hate going to Sino on the weekends, my god it looked like the hooker bus left off at the corner of Winchester and Olin Avenue. 3.5 stars
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2008,4/12/2008,307,514,12,14,15>I love Santa Cruz for producing this marvelously strange little bar!  Or maybe there's nothing odd at all with the idea of serving alcohol to people who are launching heavy stone balls in tight quarters down dirt lanes lined with observers.  (I'm still amazed I didn't take out one of the low-hanging overhead lights.) Apparently, they serve food, but we just trooped on through the bar & restaurant, right to the back where the 2 bocci lanes are, cause we're serious like that.  (Admission: I had never played the game before.)  Friend checked out  the balls from the bar (Fact: the little one is called a pallino . . . awwww, so cute).  I got some quick instructions, a few practice launches, & presto! I was a pro!  (Nevermind the fact that although I was technically on the winning team 2/2 times, my partner was the only one among us who'd actually played the game multiple times - it was me, all ME.  I did it by intimidating the pallino.)The outside patio next to the lanes has heaters and easy access to the bar, & restrooms.  And we had enough friends around who could be drink runners for the serious bocci team that I think I just started.  (Think we'll call ourselves something tough, like "The Blueberry Presses," the drink that fueled our wins.)  Well-drinks were $4, pitchers of water were easily accessible, staff and other patrons were all very friendly.  If I lived in this town again, I'd be a regular for sure.  P.S. Bocci ball is really fun.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2007,4/11/2008,871,695,91,7,13>I am a huge fan of Cascal.  To me, what they do best is shellfish, meat, and anything they serve with peanut sauce.  Where am I going with this one?  You'll need that info coming shortly.  Asked a girl out.  Called before to ask her if she had any likes/dislikes.  She said anything goes so we met at Cascal.  Awesome.  Now let's do some dialog.Archie:  I love pretty much everything here but I recommend we start with the shrimp and garlic dish first.Girl:  Oh, yeah, I am allergic to shellfish.  Archie:  Oh, ok, well that's fine, the lamb kabobs are just as good so you want to get that?Girl:  I don't eat red meat at all.Archie:  Oh that's cool, you're a vegetarian?Girl: No, I eat chicken.Archie:  Oh great, the peanut satay chicken is a good one, let's get that.Girl:  I am also allergic to peanuts.Archie:  So the Queso dip and maybe the mushroom empenada is about all you can get.  You're in luck cause both are favorites of mine.Girl:  I am lactose intolerant so the queso is out and i am not really into mushrooms.  But you go ahead and order whatever you want.True story.  Plus side, it was a cheap date.  Thank you Cascal for having an ample bread and olive oil plate.Yikes.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,11/17/2012,146,29,3,18,12>This place is so cool. I was here around 3 PM and great thing about this hookah bar is that they open earlier than the rest of hookah bars in town. They are very friendly. Another great point about this store is the prices. I was going to other hookag bars in town and I was charged almost double than this place. Seats are not very comfortable, and decoration is average. The hookah flavors are great and very good quality.It was my first time, but I guess I will always come back here in future.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,11/16/2012,240,206,7,9,8>the first time i ever had japanese ramen was at Santouka.. it was a few years ago at the San Diego location. I got Salt Flavored Ramen and I remember i loved it. Ive had so many other places since then but Santouka's Salt Ramen is still my favorite. call me Kray Kray but  i like it more than Orenchi in Mtn View and more than Ippudo in NYC. I tried the Spicy Soybean Paste flavor the other day and it was pretty good, too. Also, be prepared to wait about half an hour for your bowl to come out on the weekends..
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,11/15/2012,362,798,8,13,13>This place is awesome! I just wish they had opened earlier when I was actually working in downtown San Jose. All the little stands and shops are a great alternative to the dichotomy of low brow taqueria or fine dining that is typical of the area. It used to be that the only quick service place I could go was Sonoma Chicken Coop, but I feel that their quality has dwindled in the last few years (and now you have to ASK for pizza bread!). So SPSM is a great alternative for hanging out with friends, grabbing a quick bite to eat, kicking back with a brew, and enjoying the good California weather!I was especially impressed with their use of renewable and recycled building materials. It has a lovely industrial look to it that blends well with the surroundings. But there are also thoughtful touches that integrate San Jose's Spanish mission past. I also love that there is so much public shared seating and outdoor space. Parking across the street in the structure is a breeze, and if you're lucky you can even snag a spot on the street at 6pm when the street parking becomes free first come-first serve.I'll be back to enjoy the new offerings as there are still plenty of retailers that are moving in. SPSM is an absolutely fabulous and much needed addition to downtown SJ!
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,11/14/2012,1128,746,6,13,10>Boardwalk holds many memories from my childhood and never fails to bring them back whenever I visit.The rides here are fun, there's a wide assortment of junky food, being by the beach and spending time with friends/family you can really go through the day quickly!After 5 on Monday and Tuesdays, rides, hot dogs, soda and cotton candy are $1. Also you can get unlimited rides for about $11 with a Pepsi can on Wednesday and Thursdays after 5 as well! You can drink alcohol on the boardwalk as long as it's not glass.They have free movie nights and Friday band nights on the beach.It's a great way to spend a day!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,11/13/2012,576,429,5,12,10>Date Night Sort of Place :)Multiple times. Each time, WONDERFUL.Atmosphere is lively enough to joke around, talk, or swoon over your date. The food is pretty darn good too! No comfy booths though :(LOVE:- Sashimi salad: delicious dressing, huge chunks of fish, and avocado (huh?!). A very GENEROUS portion so beware!- Fried Rice Balls: OH YEA. Forget the inside, the crispy exterior makes my heart melt.- Ankimo: Always a win for me.- Uni / Egg / Okra: super weird temperature (lukewarm-ish) but quite delightful!- Clams in Broth: huge clams and delicious broth. Grab a spoon and drink it ;)- Beef Tataki: CUSTOM! I wanted thin slices of rare beef, marinated, and they made it! Yums.- Natto Salad: much like its homie, Sashimi Salad, but with natto (fermented beans). Same size, HUGE.- Beef Tongue: thinly sliced, delicious pieces of tongue. Squeeze of lemon - good to go.- Amaebi: mhmmmmm!- Agadeshi Tofu: never cared for fried tofu but this was pretty tasty. I hear it is the "must get" but I beg to differ!Typical izakaya prices. We usually spend about $60-$100 each time (drinks too). Worth it unlike some other izakaya restaurants.I love how casual it is. Great place to relax after work and have a beer or two (or three). They take reservations, which are highly recommended for Friday nights!
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,11/12/2012,782,197,13,14,12>You couldn't dream up a better dentist than Dr. Loller. Today, I put on my Big Girl Panties and finally went to the dentist. Thank you Yelpers for helping me find Dr. Stephanie Loller--she and her team are amazing. The prices are fair and the staff is incredibly friendly. In four decades of going to the dentist, it was the best experience I have ever had. Who knew going to the dentist could be fun? How is everyone so happy here? Be honest...it's the nitrous oxide, isn't it? *smile*There are many reasons why I dislike dentists in general: the sound the drills make, fear of painful shots, feeling judged for being a crappy flosser, fear of x-ray radiation, and finally "the price." It's no wonder I only make a dentist appointment when I'm in pain. I was so proud of myself for crossing this task off my list (going to the dentist), that I felt no shame reaching into the kiddie box of toys and taking a plastic tiara home with me. I've found my new dentist for life! Dr. Loller really is "as good as it gets."Bonus: You can fill out the patient forms on-line. It's easy and pain free.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,11/11/2012,304,267,10,28,15>The GiGi Monster won't stop scratching...every 10-15 mins she has itchy packs all over her, she was at it for 2-3 days and then I had about enough yo!I choose Curtner Pet Clinic because it was close-by and had a 4 star rating  according to my Yelp App.  I called ahead of time and they told me all regular appointments are $40 flat fee, which sounds reasonable as they're some places that charge $100+ just for a routine checkup.  The place isn't very big, but it is clean, plenty of parking spots, and the best part there is a PetSmart  in same shopping center area.The wait time was minimal after I filled out the 1st time visitor form, the doctor took her in, checked her out for normal wear and tear, she was in good health and ideal size/weight...he asked me a few questions and right away he knew what it was....DOG ALLERGIES....this can be caused by the body not being able to handle different type of foods...we had recently got her lamb flavored dog food and that could be causing it he said...there was a allergy shot he could give her to prevent all the scratching she is currently doing right now it cost about $40, I went ahead and got this for my Lil Monster.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Quick Inside Tip: He also told me to put her on a white fish food diet rich in Omega 6 and 3 as that will flush her system...Humans should also get our Omegas as this is used this to fight conditions such as diabetes, hypothyroidism, viral infection, cancer or shortages in vitamins (B and C) or minerals (zinc and magnesium).  Not only did I get health advise for my pet but also some humanly advise, don't get no better than that!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So we get home & she is no longer scratching...WTH....just like that, maybe veterinarians really know what they are doing after all?!?....well at least the ones at Curtner Pet Clinic are on top of their game, I can vouch for that :)
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,11/10/2012,114,445,10,10,7>I totally recommend this place. Here is the scoop:I have NEVER stayed at a hotel in Santa Cruz because my husband and I went to school there and have since never lived far enough away to warrant a hotel stay. Well, things change when you have a family and convenience is of the essence. My kids love the beach and we all love Santa Cruz. So, we decided to do an overnighter. After going back and forth about whether to throw caution to the wind and stay at the Dream Inn, we decided to save a few hundred bucks and stay around the corner. Here are ALL the reasons I like this place:- Most hotels in SC are in the Beach Flats area close to the Boardwalk. I hate the Beach Flats. It's nasty, grimy, and gross. This, technically, was not in the Beach Flats. Win. - No major roads going in or around the hotel. Win. - Convenient location. We walked with my 1 and 3 year old to the Boardwalk, to the beach, and to breakfast on Pacific the next morning. Win. - Free parking and breakfast. Win. - They have suites and a pool. Family WIN!!!- The suites are about the same price as the rooms in other equivalent hotels. Mommy WINWINWIN!- The suites are HUGE and have a door separating the living and sleeping area. Mommy/Daddy quiet TV time WINWINWINWINWINWIN!! This hotel was absolutely perfect for my family. My only gripes were the fact that they seemed to be mid-construction throughout the hotel. Room numbers were taped on, lots of paint tape everywhere. End of June doesn't seem like the ideal time to be mid-construction on a beach hotel, but whatever. Also, our Keurig machine didn't work in the room, but I needed an excuse to go to Santa Cruz Coffee Roasting anyway. ;D
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,11/9/2012,207,317,7,9,10>I'm Jewish, and it is challenging to find a good place to purchase judaica locally. Luckily, a Yelp search quickly revealed Alef Bet to me. It is located in the corner of a little plaza, and appears fairly plain from the outside. Once inside, however, I was stunned by the beautiful selection of assorted judaica items. They have everything from jewelry to mezzuzot, tallitot to children's books in both English and Hebrew.I have visited the store twice and have been impressed with the selection, as well as the kindness and knowledge of the staff. I much prefer to support local businesses, rather than order online, and I'm grateful that Alef Bet is convenient and local.The only two problems? 1) I have to remember to wear blinders when I enter the store, otherwise I'll spend entirely too much money on their gorgeous items. 2) I wish the prices were slightly lower. (See #1 above.)That said, I'll certainly be back should I need something else that only they can provide.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,11/8/2012,255,170,11,11,5>Very Clean, Sanitary and Respectful of ones interest!I've been a patient of KC for several years now; and today 8/23/12, KC gave me a tour of the shop.I hung out for a few hours and watched the staff interact with customers. The Staff was attentive and caring when the customers came in to ask questions.KC later gave me a tour of the shop. At first I notice the smell, I didn't smell nothing. Which is good! Each artist has their own work station, like a cubical and has walls for privacy. By the way...Don't you hate when your there in an awkward position and the public is gawking at you while your getting inked!?! It won't happen here!I saw there sterilization room. Its a closet where they sterilize the needles and whatever else that is used to make magic. It appeared very clean and organized! For a shop that's been open for a few years, this place is very clean!There is a good size parking lot to park your ride. Remember to leave your kids with a responsible adult while you go get tattooed! Bring Cash!!Don't forget to clean yourself up before your appointment! Do you think that they want to smell the burgers that you've grilling all day?!? "Hmmm you smell like a double-double with onions!"
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,12/14/2011,866,266,6,9,7>Despite my wife's best efforts to transform me into Bob the Builder, it's just not happening the way she imagined it in her dreams!Had a leaky shower head recently, and got all the parts to fix it at Home Depot. Only... it didn't quite the work the way it was supposed to after I had replaced all of the parts. So, called Water Quality Plumbing on a Tuesday morning at 7:30 am. At 9:15 am, John arrived at the house. He was professional and efficient. By 9:45 am, problem solved!Reasonable prices, and very fast, dependable service. I will definitely be calling them again in the future.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,12/13/2011,531,216,5,7,6>Love this little wine bar. It's fancy pants has a great selection of wines from all over the place. They have a great selection of flights to choose from if you're looking to do some wine tasting. We had a groupon to use so we were able to try a great picks. The staff are awesome as they know the wines and can give you a good description of each one that you choose to drink.They have a long counter top to sit at if you and a date are looking to sit side by side. They also have small tall tables to sit at just behind the counter top. If you have a big party of 4 or more they have another room that can be used to accommodate your party.They have food for those who would like to have a bite with their wine. Also cheese, meats, and crackers. I would love to go back and have some more of the different cheeses that they serve, YUM.Even if you don't know wine, come here first to and you'll get a good experience tasting wine.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,12/12/2011,157,91,7,22,23>The best part of this place was watching the Frisbees fly back and forth, while the ocean sits in the back ground.The very best parts are the smores on the beach at night!!!I can just go for that again and again! Smores with ocean breeze, while the silver moon sets perfectly in the sky reflecting the shimmery waters.........................
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,12/11/2011,351,376,7,10,7>my bf treated me out here the other day because he said this place had one of the best kalbi he's ever tasted..and boy was he right!  The meat was not too salty and had just the right amount of flavor..sweet and salty..yum!  The meat was also pretty tender and they cut them into tiny pieces for you so its easy to eat.  The banchans were also very tasty and plentiful.  my favorite was the kimchee radish..crunchy, sweet, and spicy..my fav!!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,12/10/2011,1260,803,11,19,14>Love is born from suffering.  You want to be happy and you want to bring happiness to others.  That is love.  When suffering is there, it helps to give birth to compassion.  We need to touch suffering in order for our compassion to be born and to be nourished.  --- Author Unknown.It's been more than 30 years since I step foot into the San Jose Municipal Rose Garden.   My family use to take out of town visitors here back in the early 80's.   As a kid, I never appreciated the gardens let alone the roses.    At the time, it was just a park for me and cousins to play hide and seek.    One of my favorite memories has to be the water fountain.      We would splash water at each other, steal the silver coins, and throw pedals inside the fountain (pretending they were small ships at sea).     Oh yeah, we were bad.     Those memories will always be my happy times.Last Saturday (04/16/2011), I attended Kieron's first birthday party here.    During the party, I ventured to the rose garden.   Nowadays I appreciate mother nature's beauty and the smell of her perfume.   As a matter of fact, I have roses in my frontyard.    The only difference is the roses here are prized winners with larger pedals and stronger aromas.    I took a seat next to the fountain and began to reminisce about my childhood.    Then I thought about all the women in my life that received roses from me.     It's funny how a simple rose can display so much affection.    It's that moment in time, when you can show a romantic side in hopes that she will share the same compassion.       I wish I had visited the Rose Garden more often.    I didn't realize how much serenity this place has brought me in just one afternoon.    I have found another meditation spot.    A place where I can gather my disappointments and peacefully dissolve them away from my broken heart.    Rule # 1:Don't touch the roses!   Yes, there's a park ranger hiding in the area.   Ideal for: Testing out your new camera & lens, engagement / wedding shoots, dating on a budget, mediation, and rose lovers.Picnic Grounds:  Open to the public daily without charge. Dogs & pets are not allowed. Picnic tables and BBQ grills - First come, first serve basis.  Very family oriented environment.   Specific rules are posted at the gate.   Bathroom facilities available.   Huge open lawn and field for everyone to share.  Parking:No lots.  All street parking - first come, first serve.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,12/9/2011,782,197,11,11,10>This is a fantastic hat store. Both you and your grandpa will love this store because they have a huge selection of hats for both men and women. Quality hats for a reasonable price--many are in the $20 to $30 range. Check out their website if you don't want to drive to Valley Fair Mall. These aren't hats to hide under. They are fabulous hats that make a statement. The lady's "tiny top hats" are the perfect accessory for an afternoon High Tea. Add your own colorful ribbon or pop in a few feathers to create something unique and one-of-a-kind. Frank Sinatra said it best: "Cock your hat; angles are attitudes."Remember: You can leave your hat on.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,12/8/2011,125,47,12,24,20>AHH-MAZ-ZING! I came here with a new pair of boots that I recently purchased from Nordstrom. After the first day of wearing them, the tracks of the zipper snapped.Jesse, who was very friendly, gave me his opinion on how my boots should be repaired. I returned a week later to find that he completely replaced the whole zipper on both the boots! I dropped off another older pair of boots with worn out soles and water stains. I returned back to discover my boots completely rejuvenated! All of the stains have disappeared and the soles were replaced. He even polished them as a finishing touch!I am totally pleased that my worn boots were transformed into new boots! I would definitely come back here and I highly recommend this place to a friend! =)Outstanding work! Thank you so much!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,12/7/2011,888,392,14,17,12>These guys are pretty cool! haha They were super helpful and informative in what i needed to get done to my car! They do it all here; performance, tires, tuning, and building its incredible!I got my alignment done here by Sunny and he is pretty darn good at what he does. I am definitely coming back here for my alignments, and maintenance for my 240sx.only problem that I had was parking and the space, but other that that that wont effect my rating for you guys, because you guys were absolutely helpful & kind! yay for tech3!oh here's a helpful hint for all my fellow yelpers who check in, its a 20% off alignment if you guys check in with your smart phone !
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,12/6/2011,648,170,9,7,8>Had a piece of the "Le Sultan" (Hazelnut Cake).  Chocolate, coffee and hazelnut with a little slice of chocolate on top.  It was heavenly, immaculate.  And not overly sweet,  just the way I love my cakes.  And my women.  (Don't fret, the line moves quick)
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,12/5/2011,405,477,11,15,12>If you feel like stuffing yourself with sushi until you can barely walk back to your car... this is the place. They offer all you can eat for both lunch ($16.95) and dinner ($24.95). The lunch menu has about half as many options as the dinner menu so if you are looking for selection definitely wait until dinner. The restaurant is pretty small and normally pretty busy. We were able to get a table for four without much of a wait and we all opted for all you can eat. The service was really fast, every time we finished a plate they would be there to pick up our next order. Favorites:HotateTai TamagoShiro Maguro Caterpillar Crazy RollYou aren't going to find top quality at an AYCE sushi restaurant, but the fish here is surprisingly fresh. Definitely worth checking out if you are in the area.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,1/26/2009,1071,862,20,28,26>Inauguration day 2009 =the perfect day to eat fro yo for lunch. I headed out for Swirls, but then realized that I had not tried Cafe Yolicious yet. I was greeted with a warm smile, and offered very generous samples. I started with the tart, which is one of my faves, but I was in the mood for something sweeter. I tried pomegranate lychee, blueberry, and the pineapple passion. The girl behind the counter totally spoiled me with all of those samples! I decided on a mixture of the pineapple and pomegranate lychee flavors. I ordered a mini, but was amazed at how much fro yo I received. It was double the size of a regular size at Red Mango! This is a great value for what you get, and the customer service is excellent.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,1/25/2009,880,513,23,17,16>I HAVE A TOTAL MEAT BONER FOR THIS PLACE!!!! For the 7 course beef meal that is. Came here the day after a beer drinking game competition in  San Francisco. I had the worst hang-over of my life and felt even more sick as I watched my friend Phong drink a Corona across the table from me. Ugh. I asked the waiter for 2 glasses of water and a thai ice tea to help dilute some of the alcohol still running through my body, he laughed at my pain and obliged my request. Trang handed me an aspirin which I didn't hesitant to take, like a crack whore with withdrawal syndromes, while Phong ordered since I've never been to this place before.Moments later, an array of delicious dishes came forth before us. If I was to die from a hang-over at that very moment this would've been the perfect last meal to eat before my departure. While dining, my alcohol sickness had faded away, a forgotten memory, even if it was just for a moment. I crammed my face full of food, "CHOMP! NOM NOM NOM." Although, I have many Vietnamese friends, I'm no expert in Vietnamese cuisine but this was probably one of the best Vietnamese meals that I've had. *Two Thumbs Up*Full stomach, hung over...The walk to car was horrid. Blah.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,1/24/2009,428,2224,14,17,15>Since I was a little girl, I can remember coming here for brunch and enjoying those amazing orange buns... and wanting to only eat those... I went here for brunch with the family and the future family in-laws.. big deal but no problem when coming here. No matter where you go, there is not a bad seat in the house. If you are out in the atrium area, you have a scenic view of the river. If you are in the main dining area you have a fireplace and cute antiques... if you are near the bar it is gorgeous with its brass railing. Everything here is spotless and perfect down the the wait staff. They are courteous and watchful.. no glass has spots, no cup or glass is empty. What I appreciate is how they have expanded over time and still kept their rustic upscale look. They have pictures of when they first started out.. now they have multiple levels, a beautiful garden and that cable car. Sigh.. They now have happy hour specials which is awesome..but we went here for brunch. They serve local coffee which is a plus... tasted fresh, not sitting in a large urn somewhere. Yes those orange buns... I want the recipe!! I had three...sigh.. keep them coming!!! The eggs benedict was well liked.. there were four orders of that... sides of bacon.. oh yes... There were waffles with whipped cream and berry topping..... btw their Grand Marnier syrup (yes I said it) is amazing..  I got the seafood benedict and I was not disappointed.. the brother as usual had his juevos rancheros (never fails, always gets it wherever he goes)When I was little I loved the buns... now that I am an adult I love the buns.. and the excellent food. UPDATEThey get bumped up a star for reading and responding to reviews. Thank you guys for being so awesome and ensuring our needs are met! (aka yummy food and excellent service!)
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,1/22/2009,192,216,21,22,22>My favorite Mexican hole in the wall restaurant! Awesome authentic food and BEER! I stumbled on this place a few years back when my job had me covering the South-SOUTH bay (Morgan Hill, Gilroy, & Hollister). It's located on one of the side streets of the newly redeveloped downtown. On a recent shopping spree to the Gilroy Outlet Stores, I took my GF to this place to share my proud find. The soup, NOT the menudo, was called Caldo de camarón (shrimp soup). OMG! The very best! And the huevos rancheros? My all time favorite! The clientele ranges from huge families that just attended church services to blue collar workers to HOT mamasitas to a couple of hungry Filipinos...just simple good people eating some down home cooked meals. PS I hate soccer, errr futbol but when I'm eating here and it's on the TV, I'm down! GGGGoal! I can't wait to eat here again!!!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,1/21/2009,250,205,19,25,23>Just ate here for the first time with the 'rents.  Apparently they took my sis here for some grillin, and were impressed enough to come back again.  The recessed ceiling with the sky blue and clouds, kinda made me think I was at Caesar's Palace.  Nice tables and chairs, and along the sides, vented seating, booths on the right, and semi-private seeing on the left.Pretty wide ranging menu, soon dubu on the front page, kalguksu, meats to grill and even a ganjang gae jang plate, which I want to try.  Ganjang gae jang is soy sauce marinated raw crab dish.  In Korea, you can pop the shell, and get to the egg and mix it with rice.  I fear that I'm setting myself up for disappointment, but gotta roll the dice.  I would have had it, but just didn't seem appropriate to eat such an expensive lunch with my parents.We ordered three different items, I ordered the mixed soon dubu, seafood and beef.  Honestly, I think it would be better served with pork instead of beef, gives the broth a better flavor, this fell a little flat despite having oysters, clams and shrimp as well.  The quail egg was pretty.  But, obviously not as substantive.  Normally, I like to incorporate the yolk, making the sauce richer.  Not enough yolk to go around, so I just let it chill and poach.Pops ordered a hwangtakimchigukbap, I think I spelled that right.  Dried pollack, kind of a new dish for him.  He dug it.Ma got the woogujj kalbi tang, stew with shortribs and radish greens in a soybean paste broth.  One of my favorites actually.  There was actually too much meat, and she couldn't finish.The banchan was meh.  I don't expect tons of banchan, though it's nice.  Hey, it's free, I don't knock.  But, the big ball of squash with pine nuts, was kinda unappetizing.The rice was served in a stone pot, individually, where we had to scoop it out ourselves, kind of cool, kind of a hassle.  Glad to get more peas, but sadly, as with most of the restaurants right now, the quality of the rice kinda blows.  It was a bit dull and not so tasty.  Dunno how to describe it, since really how much flavor does rice have?  Can't blame them so much though, I suppose, since most places are like this right now.For just what I ate, it was just okay, but the fact that both my parents at well, it gets points and kudos for a having an ok menu.  Random factoid, o.k. is an abbreviation of oll korrect, a fad for mis-typed abbreviations then later popularized by the Martin Van Buren.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2008,1/20/2009,427,94,12,18,14>I really enoyed the hookah lounge.  The employees were friendly and the atmosphere was really chill.  They have a couple flat panel TV's and a large projector screen in the back.  Many couches to lounge on as well.  I was in a group of 5 people so we ordered 2 hookahs since the limit to one hookah is 3 people. Since it was our  friend's birthday, they gave us an extra hookah for free!  Came here after having another awful night at Vivid (i hate vivid).. And it was a great ending to a not so great night.  The flavors we had were strawberry, mango, and a special blend for our free hookah which was some kind of orange flavor.My fave is strawberry, but if you try the strawberry and mango at the same time, it's even better!  It's very relaxing and the ventilation system works very well.  I will definitely come back here but I don't like the limitation on how many people per hookah.. I think 3 people to 1 hookah is kinda shadey.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/19/2009,528,386,18,21,19>i came here a couple weeks ago with other yelpers and it was a good time. i haven't been rock climbing since....oh gosh...2004? i think. so this was a trip for me. mikey u. and his bestie were the ones who were the certified belayers so they belayed us like no other. belay here. belay there. belay everywhere a belay. it was really great of them to too.the routes were pretty fun. some of them i found challenging and others were slightly easy. the locker was pretty nice. very clean. bring your own lock if you plan to use them. the harnesses and shoes they provide you for $6 if you rent both of them otherwise, it's $4 for one or the other. they are just your average harness and shoes. nothing too special since the ones who rent them are newbies and will mess up nice shoes real fast. i'd suggest wearing thin socks while climbing in the rented shoes since they are similar to bowling shoes where they get sprayed after every use.i'm planning on going back for a belay lesson since the bf and i are in a movement to be more physically active. not to mention we just got harnesses and shoes! PM if you'd like to join!see you out there!
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,1/17/2009,15,30,17,17,16>Almost every time you go to this restaurant, well, during the weekends that is, you're waiting outside among a group of others that, too, want to slurp up a hot bowl of Pho. I'm guessing the average time you would wait to get a table is 5 to 10 minutes? I recommend either going in the morning or night time. There will be plenty of free tables in those time periods. So when you arrive, you will instantly be seated at a table. When you order something, you hardly have to wait long for it. Your order will get to you in about 1 to 2 minutes. Unless there is a malfunction, miscommunication, or any type of error, which is hardly ever, then you would always get your order as quick as you can say "Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis". Haha. Joking! But seriously, they're unbelievably fast on preparing and serving you your meal. A bowl of Pho always comes with an incredibly large amount of the following vegetables: bean-sprouts, green onions, lime, onions, and a green, leafy vegetable (if thrown into the Pho, creates a fragrant aroma). All of the vegetables are plated on a separate dish; just in case you don't want to apply the vegetables to the Pho. The vegetables are all, of course ,clean and fresh. A bowl of Pho also always comes with an overwhelming proportion of beef/meat. You won't believe how much beef/meat they put into your Pho until you see it for yourself.I usually get the Pho Bo Vien, which is the beef noodle soup with meatballs. Even though the restaurant uses a large amount of MSG in their food, it's all good. The beef slices, meatballs, noodles, and broth are all too delicious to resist! Danger! Do not, I repeat, DO NOT enter the restrooms! EVEN IF IT IS AN EMERGENCY! The restrooms are horrifyingly dirty, small, and unsanitary.  You guys have to trust me on this, or suffer the consequences! I strongly suggest dining at this restaurant if you're looking for something hot and fulfilling, or something of the Vietnamese cuisine.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,1/16/2009,653,1522,24,26,23>As you arrive you are greeted by a view of Alexander's very own dry-aging room. I like to be greeted by steak.  This room provides excellent 28-day dry-aged steaks resulting in a burst of flavor that can't be beat.If you have your heart set on a 2-pound bone-in certified Angus beef rib eye, with roasted Toybox tomatoes, ensure there is one left by placing a request when making reservations. I still haven't gotten mine after multiple attempts.If you're feeling super P.I.M.P. there is even Kobe on the menu...(soon my precious, soon)Alexander's modernizes a traditional menu by infusing Asian touches "to keep the cuisine fresh and intriguing." It's no wonder that it was bestowed The Wave Magazine Readers' Choice for Best Overall Dining and Best Steakhouse Awards. The only thing I was slightly unimpressed with was the veal. Also, the white truffle french fries don't have a strong truffle flavor but they are still good fries. Foie Gras. Alexander's actually has Foie Gras. A hot duck confit crepe, with roasted peach and peach coulis. Do you really need another reason to go? Sorry animal rights activists; it was an amazing experience and I'm thankful to be on the top of the food chain.I almost forgot the cotton candy!  Who would expect to be presented with a giant fluff of cotton candy after the meal? Sometimes it's grape, sometimes it's cherry, but it's always good!If you think you can handle a dessert, I highly recommend the creme brulee.  It is usually not something I would order but here it's mandatory!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,1/15/2009,1167,294,10,17,14>A really low key and chill place. Our party rolled in around 10, which is a good idea, since it got crazy busy after 11. So if you've got an entourage, comply with the early bird special.Ambiance is blue low lights and minimalist furniture. Waitresses are super cute. Restrooms are in the back left btw, for all you who have tiny bladders such as I! Singles only, no stalls :(I had some sake, but i was stuck on the cocktails to remember. So here they are:1. Lychee martini: OMG soooo good. Sweet, and with just enough liquid courage to hit the spot. I had two of these. $72. White Rabbit: sounded good, tasted good. Interesting colors. White with pink on the bottom. I don't know why, but it reminded me of those yogurt japanese drinks except with alcohol. If you don't like coconut, this is not for you.3. Pineapple-tini. My friend had this, and she didn't like it at all. Maybe if they put salt in it a-la margarita style, it would've tasted alright. If you like dirty martinis or salty dogs, this might be for you.Small plates:You gotta have some of that  grilled pita bread with edamame hummus dip. I strongly recommend!!!!We were here for quite awhile. We weren't ordering alot of drinks, but the waitress was super hospitable even if it started getting crowded and people needing tables. Never did we feel rushed. Go here!
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2007,3/3/2007,75,123,2,5,4>she just kept bringing us more injera.  as long as one person was eating, she would bring us more bread.  that was awesome.again, i don't really know how to compare this to other ethiopian places, but i was quite satisfied.come hungry, with clean hands.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2007,3/2/2007,521,497,5,8,7>Hands down...the #1 chain for Hawaiian BBQ.  Before my visits to Hawaii, I'd often hear about 'plate lunches' and wondered why they were so popular.  After actually sampling it, I can see why it's addictive.  Not for those on a carb-free diet.  Two scoops of rice and a scoop of macoroni salad will likely put you in a food coma.  Not to mention all the protein (chicken, beef, fish,etc) they throw in there for your eating pleasure.  My 'plate' of choice still remains to be Loco Moco...only because I can't finish the BBQ mixed grill plate.  The first time I had Loco Moco at an L&L in Honolulu, I really wasn't impressed.  Their gravy left a lot to be desired.  It's gotten a lot better in recent times.  Japantown's Denny's loco moco doesn't come close.  Oh, and for extra carb overload, their fries are great too!
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2007,3/1/2007,111,262,15,7,9>UPDATE - Second March 2007 Revisit:Okay, finally upgraded to 5 stars.  A group of us came here around 11pm on a Friday night after trolling Santana Row (don't ask).  While they didn't have fire chicken that night, they did have combination platters and large bottles of OB.  The four of us spent like 2 hours here working on two combination plates of chicken, a 1600cc bottle of OB, popcorn, fries, and peanuts.  Total cost?  $11/person.  Awesome.  Simply awesome.  99 Chicken has transcended to "regular chicken joint" status.Oh yeah, the KFC Night II picture made the wall, blury and all.  We rock.UPDATE - Revisited March 2007:No more Celine Dion, no more Kenny G, and (THANK YOU) no more freaking Coldplay.  Sweet!  In a quest to find the /real/ hot and spicy chicken, we ordered the "fire chicken."  Ahh yeah.. *that's* what I was looking for.  A nice searing heat that's still tasty and not overbearing.  The afterburn is a nice touch, too.  Oh yeah, there's also no breading on the fire chicken, so it doesn't get soggy!  Perfect.  Order a pot of lemon soju and a plate of fire chicken.  That's all you need.Upgraded from three stars to four.ORIGINAL REVIEW:Let me start by saying that Celine Dion, Kenny G, and Coldplay do NOT mix well with Fried Chicken regardless if I'm sober or not.  It's just wrong.  Wrong wrong wrong.  phew.  Okay, I'm over it now.  Really, I am.I came here with some other Yelpers as part of Operation KFC: South Bay.  We got started right away with some OB beer and a sampler plate of chicken.  The sampler includes original (battered and fried, that's it), honey, "special" sauce, and spicy.  The "sauce" is more or less ketchup with maybe a hint of pepper or spice.  We decided on the original and spicy.  The original is meant to be eaten with salt and pepper, while the spicy can be eaten on its own.  Everything is served with this kettle corn-like stuff, minus the salt and sugar.  It's pretty addictive.The chicken itself was alright.  It was certainly fresh out of the fryer (I believe Harsh burned himself on a jet of hot oil), but the breading was a bit thick.  This meant that the spicy chicken turned to mush after the batter had time to absorb the sauce.  Not too appetizing.Oh yeah, this was also my first time trying Soju.  That stuff is going to be my downfall.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2006,2/28/2007,203,272,5,8,10>All right, so I had originally made fun of Starbucks. I joked about how I liked to sit across the street at Chuck's Donuts and snicker at them while I have my coffee and donuts (or should I say, Do-NOT's) for so much less than I'd pay for a venti half-caff cuppa joe and a cookie. It doesn't mean I don't still love you, Chuck, or our late night rendevousing, but....the guilt's been killing me and it's time to tell the truth. I had Starbucks the other day.... no..... I had them 6 times this year. And I'm so sorry Chuck but I wasn't thinking of you the whole time. Corporate or not, I've decided it's just not right to bite the hands that serve me really good chai lattes.... especially when the people at this place always serve them up with a smile.  True, it annoys me that they close by 8 or 8:30 on weekends (but so does everything else here in deadwood city). And it annoys me that they have that stupid, doesn't make ANY f---ing sense, "no left turn" sign when you exit the parking lot onto Gordon (I'm sure it's not their fault, but.... I'm just waiting for the day some cop catches me in the act as I blatantly ignore it, and he, in turn, ignores my earnest explanation of how there are never any cars coming on that slow residential street and it's a waste of fossil fuel to circle all the way around the block to get back home). But I'm still giving them five stars, for five reasons.1) The atmostphere. Not only am I a sucker for earth tones and good lighting, but the temperature is consistently good inside, and that's a big deal to me. A lot of coffee shops are really bad about keeping their doors wide open and then I'm freezing my ass off while I try to write. It's distracting. I hate it. But the Starbucks on Woodside always gets it just right. They also keep the place pretty clean.2) Starbucks encourages its patrons to take the coffee grounds for their gardens, and I've done this several times. The people at this location are really nice about it, and there is even a composting pamphlet available. How cool is that?!? I am big on recycling so this gets them major bonus points.  3) The people at this location are consistently very cheerful. I've been to other Redwood City locations where they're friendly, but this one seems to be the friendliEST (now that I've said that watch me get someone having a PMS fit the next time). But seriously, these employees seem to genuinely enjoy their jobs. I couldn't help overhearing one girl say that she'd been there over 3 years and still LOVES working there. Every time I go it seems like there's a few ex-employees coming back to say hello, but you get the feeling it's breaking their hearts that they can't jump over the counter, throw on an apron and serve just one... more...double latte.I know some people might get annoyed by the chatter, which I couldn't help but hear over the last few years I've been going there (what classes so and so was taking in college or who's going out with who, or who just got invited or didn't get invited to what party). Sometimes I think these kids must drink 5 cups a shift - but I probably talked just as much when I was 19, working behind a counter (and I don't think I've EVER been to a Starbucks where I didn't hear at least a few overly-caffeinated employees sounding like Rachel Ray).  It used to crack me up how giddy the girls would get around this one young, motivated, spiky-haired, revolving manager guy (who pops up at different locations) with the big voice and cell phone.  If I really need to tune it all out (or if I'm not in the mood for the Diana Krall/Norah Jones/Miles Davis playing on the overhead) I can just listen to my MP3 player.  4. They have my favorite table in this location. It's close to a window and has an electrical socket, so if my laptop dies I can plug it in and keep working on my book. I am very posessive over this table when I am having writer's block at home and need to get out of the house to write. Watch out if you go to this location. Beware the girl with the laptop bag and the crazed, focused, I-really-want-THAT-table look in her eyes, because if you snatch it right before her when there are 3 other tables open, you'll be getting the death ray stare while you sit there trying to enjoy your java and it won't be pretty.5. Starbucks has a social conscience. Just take a look at all their brochures that are in that little area where you go grab your cream, sugar, and napkins. They try to re-use and recycle, and note the paper, not styrofoam, cups.... sorry, Chucks. They donate a lot of money to charity. They try to buy a good amount of fair trade stuff. And they really do treat their employees and customers well. If all that ain't enough you can read more here: starbucks.com/aboutus/csSo all right, all right, you got me, Starbucks... A dollar thirty five for a cup of java? I guess I can deal with it.  And I suppose I should mention, your coffee actually tastes pretty good.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2007,2/27/2007,796,810,3,9,15>Great little restaurant with uniqueness.  You can cook you own meal using fondue pots at nice candlelit intimate tables.  If a couple goes here, and doesn't walk out with gushy feelings toward each other, then they should find another partner.  :-)This is a great  date place. Rooms are different and multi-colored.  Nice tablecloths with candles.  You can order the regular cheesy pots, or some meats and, of course, dessert.  The recipes are done well, and all the tasty morsels we tried were very tasty. The servers are very knowledgeable about the menu, and can guide you along.  You can just do one pot of fondue for a meal, or go full bore with cheeses, meats and desserts and have to be rolled out of there in a wheel barrel. Love it for its simplicity, yet good fun food and the fondue experience.  Live a little and check it out.  I am sure you will enjoy the total immersion experience of fondue.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2006,2/26/2007,0,0,6,7,3>I'm almost embarrassed that I kind of like this place, it goes against all my principles to like anything that tries to be cute.Here's the deal, I love turkey burgers and have a fondness for Boca burgers as well - not to mention the fact that I'm a carb addict and crave fries 24/7.The turkey burger here is o.k. and they pay attention when I tell them that I don't want anything on it except onion, they have a full bottle of catsup on the table, they're quick with my refills and the fries are bottomless.There, I've confessed - I feel much better now.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2007,2/25/2007,1071,862,9,12,9>VEGETARIANS BEWARE: THE CONTENTS OF THIS REVIEW MAY BE OFFENSIVE...Willow Glen Meats  & Smokehouse is a carnivore's DREAM COME TRUE! This hidden gem is located on Delmas avenue in Willow Glen, near downtown. My fiance stumbled upon this place by chance this morning after dropping our son off at daycare. He decided to take a side road and noticed the word "Meat", and figured he would take me to lunch here because he knows how I love my meat! Upon walking up to this place I noticed a sign on the window which  read "Game processing". Huh? I walked in and saw the HUGE turkeys all freshly labeled and sealed right next to the freshly marinated vacuum sealed chicken breasts. Okay- I get it now- game processing! Wonderful! I looked to the left and there was a deer head mounted on the wall. Then I noticed the hunting pictures of the owner holding up two HUGE turkeys, and another with a deer, and a few more with some ducks. DAMN- this place is NO JOKE!At this point, I began foaming at the mouth like a rabid animal.  I was SO hungry and ready to order. All that meat was making me crazy! I decided on the Smokehouse signature Rollie which is a tri tip sandwich with bbq sauce. I ordered mine with the works (cheese, mayo, mustard, lettuce, pickle, tomato, onion, mild pepper rings, and a pickle on the side), on dutch crunch.   While we were waiting for our sandwiches, I admired the cases of meats some more. I noticed the tri tips marinated in teryaki, burgandy wine, and jerk seasoning. I looked through the different sausages and almost purchased some chicken apple cinnamon sausages for breakfast. We decided on a rack of ribs for dinner instead. They are smoked and grilled slowly and then vacuuming sealed so all you have to do is heat them up and serve. We even bought some of their home made beef jerky. My sandwich was exactly how I thought it would be- perfect. The dutch crunch roll was fresh, soft, and had just a little bit of a crunch. Just how I like it. My meat was sliced super thin and had the perfect amount of bbq sauce. The fillings were all fresh. They use high quality products here and put great care into how the food is prepared. I will definitely be back, and I highly recommend Willow Glen Meats! * They do party platters, 4 foot subs, sandwich trays, and meat & cheese trays.** They even serve beer! Modelo, Dos Equis, Corona, Pacifica, and more!UPDATE: Willow Glen Meats is consistently GREAT! My fiance goes in once a week to make a purchase now, and we have not been dissapointed! They make the most amazing beef jerky- and thier sausages and hot dogs are excellent! Try the cinnamon pork sausage for breakfast. They are delicious! I also think that the ham, cheese, and pork sausages are excellent for lunch. I love them because they don't taste as salty as the mass produced variety. The hot dogs are the BOMB!  They are better than Stephen's, and Casper's! You can tell that the owner takes pride in his products, and his buisiness! I would give 5 more stars if I could!
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2007,2/24/2007,7,55,1,5,5>The food here is outstanding.  Great seafood.  Cheese enchiladas are not the best, though.Most other items, including beans, rice, and chips, are delicious.  Also they have a very good Caldo De Pollo (chicken soup with potatos and great vegetables).  The only downside is the location.  From the outside, you worry that you won't survive the dining experience.  Once you get past the AA meeting in the building next door, and the fact it looks like a run down bar from the outside, you'll really love the food.  This is arguably the best mexican food in Fremont, Hayward, Newark, and Union City.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2007,2/23/2007,451,735,6,6,7>Kid in a candy store! I went this evening after work and it was busy! It was rainy and people were arriving left and right! I loved that they carry hawaiian products! I purchased fresh tuna, organic greens, edamame, ginger and made a delicious poke dinner! $10 fed three people!  Beauty products! Japanese products are the shit period. I got eyelash curlers, tweezers and oil blotting sheets all for under $11. Beat that target! Gifts: My buddy loves kewpie doll as an inside joke so while I was browsing the ailses I found kewpie mayo bottle! LOL He loves it.  Spent $50 in 15 minutes. Something for everyone! :D
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2006,2/22/2007,85,50,4,6,5>I LOVE buffets. When I found out that I was going to dinner at a buffet yesterday I was seriously giddy all day. I've been to enough buffets to make it a professional sport.My Rules for a buffet:1. Order water. Ordering a drink other than water costs $$ on top of dinner plus it fills up precious stomach space. 2. Scope out the food. There's been too many times where I've filled up my plate at the first station only to find better food later.3. Skip the salad. If u want salad go to Fresh Choice or Sweet Tomatoes (There's a Sweet Tomatoes a mile away from this joint).4. Get a little bit of everything first so you can taste test and come back for what's really good.5. Don't forget about dessert!That being said I'm giving this place 4 stars for a buffet restaurant. By all means the food isn't extraordinary and not even Vegas worthy but you can't beat the price ($13.99 dinner) and selection. The sushi was quite fresh and plentiful. Some guy in front of me ordered tuna and salmon sashimi from the chefs. And seriously this place is seafood heaven. Crab --- warm, cold or in a seafood mix. Oysters --- raw or baked. Shrimp --- coconut (think honey walnut), fried, italian style, or cocktail. Both soups were good (Hot & Sour and Miso). Skip --- mac & cheese and pizza. Everything else was good, just standard Asian buffet food. The Mongolian stir fry chef was nowhere to be seen until I was getting dessert but what the heck I got a lil bit of stir fry made anyways. LolAnd yes the chocolate fountain is quite impressive. It's not one of those dinky ones you can buy at the store nowadays. It's huge. My brother just filled a soup bowl with that chocolate so we can dip things at our table instead of just standing around it.The place doesn't look so big so I'm guessing it'd be crazy on weekends but coming here on a Wednesday night was perfect. Lots of walking room in the buffet area. And a BIG plus that they had all of the good stuff even though it was a weeknight.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,5/22/2013,545,312,9,14,14>Simply amazing, that is all there is to say.But I'll say more :)  After weeks of putting it off, I finally stopped at Sent Sovi Lounge (I'd say SSL but most of my friends would probably jump all over me pointing out it's not a secure web page so I'll stick with the full name!!!  ;P)I'm so glad I did.  Had a wonderful evening with some amazing people.  Some old friends, some new.  The most charming restaurant owners (Khin Khin and Josiah), amazing and friendly staff and the larger than life sommelier and mistress of ceremonies - the lovely Amanda!Had some fabulous wine that I left entirely to Amanda's choosing.  I tried the Gruyere cupcakes (divine!), the mussels (spiritual), the pork belly (superlative) and then the most pleasant surprise - the croquettes with shallots... I have never had something that was breaded so perfectly - this was a work of art!Some great cheeses and a whole lot of wine later, we finished our evening with a lovely tawny port.  We were smoking cigars outside and think we might have made a bit of a nuisance of ourselves but never once did even one person make us feel unwelcome - this is one of the most gracious and welcoming group of people I've met.Well, I must kick myself for missing out the first few weeks of this newly hidden gem but I hope to make it up with some repeat visits.  I heard from the grapevine that they might be opening for three nights a week in the summer - this is awesome news indeed.~ 5 stars overall for uncompromising quality coupled with a genuinely caring and friendly staff and the most amazing sommelier in the world :)# 293
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,5/21/2013,854,542,12,17,16>"Art for art's sake is a philosophy of the well-fed."- Frank Lloyd Wright... and you won't find much in the vein of typical bourgeois art described above in this studio. This small, tidy, open space on the skirts of San Jose's Japantown most often plays host to talented [local] artists more in line with underground and bohemian sensibilities. The hungry. From starkly unapologetic photographers to whimsical & bold graffiti muralists, craftsmen letterers to tribal tattooists, musicians to clothiers; the renowned and acclaimed talents and fans of more "urban" art forms - this is a showcase for us."Art is not a democracy."- Danny OldaDon't let anyone tell you what art is or isn't. Decide for yourself, and you don't have to agree. At least here, you get to debate it over beers, while a deejay spins, & the occasional media personality or adult film starlet hosts the opening night._____________________Pick up that old camera.Clean off dusty canvases. Shake up old inkwells.Go create something, even if just for you.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,5/20/2013,414,400,12,12,12>"Rice in the morning, rice in the evening, rice in the suppertime." Remember that song? Well, it's for bagel bites. True for Asians though. Alright alright. Service is decent and food is good. Place is pretty clean. It is located inside the "Grand Century Mall."You can do different combinations with rice. Limited appetizers to choose from though, but no need for those. I got the broken rice plate with steamed egg cake and grilled pork. Note: Not many places in San Jose have places that offer "broken rice." I didn't care for the soup that it came with, it was actually too salty for me quite frankly. I thought it was good, but not great. The grilled pork actually was too hard for me, but the flavor was savory. You pour the fish sauce mixed with spices on your rice and Bon Appetit. Mama likes it so that's all that matters, right?
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,5/19/2013,396,240,16,13,11>This is the only dive bar that I will frequent. Why?1. Very affordable drinks. 2. Friendly staff.They each have nicknames - I only know of Silver Dragon and Jazzy. There are a couple more bartenders - all very nice. 3. Very relaxed/chill atmosphere.4. Good music. 5. Surprisingly clean restrooms. Yes, I've been in the Men's.. What? I really needed to pee.. If you're celebrating a birthday, let them know. They'll take care of you. :) Ladies, do come with a friend so that they can save you from guys with horrible pick up lines. True story: Dude - "Let me guess, you're a dentist?" Me - "Uhhh.. no.." Dude - "You have nice teeth." Really.. that's the best you got?! -__-
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,5/17/2013,1635,596,10,12,12>I love Aqui! One of my favorite south bay restaurants! I have been to three of their locations: this one, the Willow Glen one, and the Campbell one. Although this wasn't the first location I ever visited, I think this one is my favorite just because of the location is pretty close to me. Honestly, all of them are great and you can't go wrong with any of them!The decor is pretty unique. It's like Mexican/ancient Aztecs/Montezuma meets industrial metal. To order, you go up to the cash registers where they have laminated menus for you to look at, and then you place your order and they give you a buzzer to let you know when your order is ready. No tip needed! :) It's pretty much all self serve, so you get to choose your own table, etc. I highly recommend the sonoma goat cheese quesadillas. They are my favorite item off the menu, by far! I also like getting the agua frescas. They have different flavors throughout the week. I have yet to try the swirls since I have not been since I turned 21, but I would like to give them a try sometime. The desserts are all great. I've practically tried everything off their dessert menu and I have not found any that I didn't like! To name a few, they have a flourless chocolate cake, a few different types of cheesecake, etc. The dessert menu is written on a chalkboard they have next to the cash registers so it varies per day. They also have the Specials of the Day and other temporary items listed there.This place gets SUPER crowded around prime lunchtime and dinner time. I would definitely say that this is the busiest location out of the 3 that I have been to, so you might want to plan accordingly.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/16/2013,284,184,11,14,13>Saw Rock of Ages last night. The show and music were RAD!!!! Our seats were BITCHIN' - 4th row, aka the "pit" offered us an intimate and up close interaction with the cast of the show. Only complaint - not enough room to get up and dance!If you like big hair bands - Bon Jovi, Poison, Whitesnake or pretty much any 80's band you will love this show! Oh, forgot to mention Journey too!Excellent performance by the cast! Would definitely see this show again!"Don't need nothin' but a good time....and it don't get better than this!"
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,5/15/2013,1071,862,9,16,11>I had an awesome time attending a self defense class here with a friend recently. It was totally fee! You just sign the waiver before you walk in, and you're golden.  I'd like to give a shout out to Barbara and Gloria for helping my friend and I with our form, and giving us tips on our moves.I learned so much from this class, and am grateful to every one of the folks at Ernie Reyes West Coast Martial Arts for hosting these classes. I took away valuable information that could help save my life. Thank you SO much! I look forward to bringing my son in to check out the studio! Quick Tips- You are on a mat the whole time, and will be asked to remove your shoes. Wear socks! You get a bit of a workout doing the moves/striking so bring water. Water is also sold there (I believe it was $0.50)
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,5/14/2013,492,201,14,17,13>This is the best movie theater I've ever been to, for three reasons:1) They have kettle corn!!! (most important reason!)2) If you buy a soda and/or popcorn, you get a free refill on each! (I like free food, don't judge me)3) They serve fresh brewed Starbucks coffee and Dreyer's hand scooped ice cream, with many delicious flavors! All of these reasons are food related, yes. But most theaters these days are clean with comfy seats, so the little details like refreshment variety, really makes the difference for me =)
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/13/2013,878,405,22,26,24>I'm scared to come back.  Every time I do, I find a new favorite dish.  One that I will HAVE TO order again on future visits.  Or force someone to order and share.  It first started with their infamous double cooked pork belly, which I probably had four times already.  One of the richest tasting pigs I've had with a perfect amount of fatty goodness and unforgettable crispy skin.    Their Butternut Squash Soup was good, but their Sunchoke and Leek Soup was even better.  Taste really blew my mind.  Great starter on a cold evening.  The Quark Spatzle with smoked chicken was my latest encounter.  As a starter or side, this is a definite must-have.  You really can't go wrong with any of their desserts too.  Their Vanilla Souffle with blueberry compote has a special place on my favorite list.  Thanks to this "Snack Market," I'm getting to like Austrian food.....which is evident by the ever-expanding list of must-haves.    I know I will return.  I'll just have to learn to control myself.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,5/12/2013,1928,403,59,68,58>Oh, how I missed you desperately, Gaku!I had not been back in 8 months, and it was time to catch up with Gaku, my long-lost love. My good friend and I used to go here all the time. How things had changed: many of our favorite go-to menu items were no longer there. But that didn't stop us from going ALL OUT. Many things had not changed, like the friendly service and tasty food.* Dassai 50 Sake - Super smooth with a hint of honey. It came in a huge bottle that we could have easily polished off, had we exercised lesser judgment on a Tuesday night. When we asked for sake recommendations, our jovial server described every sake. As soon as he called this "incredibly smooth", I knew this was THE ONE. I ordered it without even looking at the price for the full bottle (whoops!), but found out later it was $60. Totally worth it because it was humongous. Good thing they keep unfinished bottles there for a month. (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)* Arugula Salad with Duck Prosciutto, mushrooms, cracked Parmesan, kiwi, light soy based vinaigrette. Their salads from the special menu are always so good! I had never had duck prosciutto before, but now I daydream about it all the time. (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)* Jidori Tatsuta - Japanese style fried chicken with green onion ginger lemon soy sauce. This dish is incredible! It's not quite like karaage, which is flatter and basically pieces of fried chicken. The Jidori Tatsuta dish came, more less, in ball formation. Chicken meat shaped in huge balls of fried goodness. Finger-lickin' good! (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)And now.... BRING ON THE SKEWERS!* Chicken thigh skewers with sauce (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)* Beef kalbi with green onions (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)* Chicken skin - One of the best skewers they have! (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)* Eringi mushroom (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)* Cherry tomato (above photo)* Pork belly (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)* Beef tongue (above photo)As you can see, it was quite a killing. And then, of course, it was on to dessert. One of the most amazing and unique desserts in the area...* Green Tea Creme Brulee - Delicious as always. I usually don't dig creme brulee because it's wicked sweet, but the green tea flavor offsets it and makes this the perfect treat. Even my friend -- who usually doesn't usually eat dessert -- orders one all for himself. I would definitely go to Gaku JUST for dessert, even if it was out of the way. In fact, I have done this. Several times. (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaku)This love is still going strong. Never again will I let that much time pass before  seeing your beautiful meat.Not to mention that sake needs to be finished!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,2/20/2014,113,210,7,14,9>I love filipino food. This place has a small lot and is shared with other stores. The food here is great and full of flavor. My girlfriend and I got adobo pork and sinigang here. Full of flavor. We also got a pound of lechon to go for dinner. The reason for 4 stars is the place is not arranged very well and not cleaned very well.Must try? If you like filipino foodTry again? If I'm in the area. Not a fan of the parking here.  Got a hit and run here.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,2/19/2014,228,466,2,11,10>My biggest fear is when I reserve a cab for a flight and it doesn't appear or is late. I've been burned twice and ever since then I drive myself and park in long-term parking. Not the most cost effective and not so great for my car sitting in a dusty lot waiting for me to get home. I decided to try one more time with a cab based on what I read on Yelp. So I finally found Lucky 7 Cab a year ago and they didn't let me down. My favorite part is online booking with instant confirmation via text and email. I didn't write a review then because it was a single experience. However, we just used them today and I'm still impressed so here is a 5-star write-up.Padam, the manager, called the night before to confirm the reservation again. We adjusted the original pickup time by 30 min. since I had scheduled way early based on paranoia. There was no way I was going to miss a flight to my vacation spot!This morning, I got a text and outside was a nice, clean, black Lincoln Navigator waiting for us 15 min early. I felt like someone important getting in this executive ride. Padam loaded our bags and off we went. Got to the airport in good time and I was able to relax and start my vaca for real.Highly recommend for a dependable stress-free experience.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,2/18/2014,383,475,5,28,10>So if you aren't familiar, Taste used to be a nightlife mainstay in downtown San Jose prior to Sabor.  After several years, Taste has now reopened at where Axis Nightclub was at last year.  If you never been to this area before, you may think that it is super random and isolated since the club is in a business park with companies and start-ups. However, it's right off the freeway and easy to get to.The nightclub is open on Fridays/Saturdays, free guestlist is available on their website/Facebook page, so be sure to add them.  From what I seen on their page, it seems like Friday is free cover all night, while Saturday is subject to an 11pm guestlist cutoff.  The club is decorated pretty nice, consists of 4 areas..restaurant, patio, redroom lounge, and the main room dance floor. Dress code here is on the strict side of the fellas. Besides the usual no sportswear or baggy clothing, SHOES is what they really look at.  Bouncers went up and down the line multiple times and shined down on people's shoes.  I seen many people get rejected for sneakers (which is usually subjective to the bouncer/sercurity on staff), so to be safe, I would stick with a nice pair of leather dress shoes.  If you insist on wearing sneakers, stick to a clean pair of shoes such as Aldos or Creative Recs. In typical old school Sabor fashion, they held up the guestlist line until about 11.  However, they did go down the line and honor all guestlist names and give out admission tickets as before you had to be at the front of the line by 11 or else you were subject to a cover charge (which is $20 by the way).  So remember just to be in line by 11.  If you don't want to wait, I would come around 10:00-10:15pm to get in right away.I didn't book bottle service on my own, but my friend did so I can't comment on how communication it was between client and host. But service from waitresses was good. The girls were social, and they constantly came back to fill pour drinks, mixers, and replace glasses. Bottle prices are right on par with other places ($250 for premium vodka), you are allowed 4 people to enter per bottle (most bay area nightclubs allow 5-6). Weird how they don't have Patron or Grey Goose! Table areas are small, but overall it was a good experience. Bartenders weren't all that. Shots were $11 and were on the small side. I don't know if they ran out of shot glasses but shots were served chilled in regular well glasses. One of the bartenders totally missed on a pour and totally tried to play it off, until i pointed out the obvious difference in the pour.  Different bartenders do different counts, so in a well glass you're gonna get a different amount everytime. Best bang for buck would be the sabor classic, the GODZILLA..it's basically a green AMF with liquid smoke and a glowstick. Definitely a throwback to old Taste and Sabor patrons, so it was nice to see them keep that signature drink. So who else works around the Freedom Circle/Mission/Bowers area?!?  First  of all, I am so glad that we have a new happy hour spot in the area that's actually decent looking and comfortable. No more weak drinks at Pedros or Bennigans, hello TASTE!  The RedRoom decor is super nice, I'm looking forward to the warm weather when I can start taking advantage of the outdoor patio area after work.As far as other clubbing x-factors, there is a 24 hour Jack in the Box right around the corner.  If you do get too drunk or meet somebody you want to hook up with you're literally steps away from a hotel room as Taste shares the same parking lot with an Embassy Suites.  But also don't risk anybody's safety or getting a DUI. This area is DEAD on the weekends because the majority of businesses here run Monday-Friday with banker hours, so if police are in the area chances are they are here to patrol where the nightclub is. This review turned out to be alot longer then I thought! haha. I'll keep it at 4 stars for now, hype is still a little high end, expect an update soon!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,2/17/2014,509,474,6,12,9>San Pedro Square is full of pleasant food options, and the Konjoe Burger Bar is one of them! I wanted to take my sister and a friend of mine out for dinner before drinks, so we decided to check out Konjoe! They have a small but interesting menu to offer, and I've been itching to try their pork belly burger!Their pork belly burger came with the side of fries! The seasoned fries were freshly made and delicious! The pork belly on the other hand was really oily! But the burger over all was good... The burger bun wasn't too bad either! My friend who ordered the Kalbi burger also enjoyed hers. Overall, Good burgers but we all thought it was pretty pricey. For three burgers w/ fries, the total came out to almost $40!
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,2/16/2014,282,253,10,10,8>What a fun rink to be on with your loved ones over the holidays! I know there is the hassle and pain of parking and crowds, but we have that solved! We took VTA Light Rail over and got there right when it opened. (Check for times since they vary throughout the season, and on the website its difficult to find actual times!) For those of you who take Light Rail, make sure you show your ticket stubs to the attendant for $2 off. My husband never ice skated before, so he was very apprehensive in going along with this. Since we were first on the ice ~ he got the preliminaries out of the way with 101 skating, and then he turned pro by the time the rink started filling up. It's also great to be there early so the rink isn't all chewed up and slushy, there is nothing worse than being there late night with hoards of people and traveling on the grooves embedded in the ice.Happy Holidays!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,2/15/2014,853,359,18,18,17>Whoever was like, "hey... today I'm going to create this thing called mochi..." and then whoever decided to put ice cream in it...are basically the two best people ever. The person who then decided to open up Jimbo's and sell some bomb mochi is pretty high on my list of favorites too!You can't really go wrong with any flavor, but the green tea is probably my favorite. I'd say get a bunch and sample with your friends, or...eat them all yourself. Hey no judgement! I'd go earlier so they are at the freshest. They can get a bit tougher the later in the day. So go and get your mochi on! And if you don't know what mochi is...please...stop reading this review, raise your dominant hand, and slap yourself as hard as you can in the face every hour on the hour til you've gone to Jimbo's.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/14/2014,360,127,6,12,9>Aren't you amazed when you find a restaurant gem near your home that you didn't realize was fantastic even though you have lived there for over  5 years? Well that's exactly what happened to me late last Sat night.The Ban Chan was plentiful and varied and the Seafood Tofu Soup was chock full of seafood(clams, octopus, and shrimp). Service was quick, attentive and they offered to refill the Ban Chan when many places almost seem to dread when you ask for more. We'll be back to try the bbq items(propane grill at each table). As a bonus, they open until 11:30pm 7 days a week.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,2/13/2014,894,377,8,15,9>Grand opening on 7/19/13.My fellow besties and Yelp Elites Carol T, Kim D, and Shirley N. decided to dine here for dinner on a Friday night. We were seated right away by the owner Shawn Oh. The place is very dim lit for a AYCE Korean joint. How does one see meat cooking correctly O.O We asked for water but they didn't serve any besides barley tea. We brought in a bottle of wine which a corkage fee of $10 is usually applied. On the menu, you have a choice to order from the regular menu at $19.99 or prime menu of $24.99 we all went all in for the prime menu!There were different servers that came to our table to serve us and you can only order 3 dishes at a time. Of the many dishes we had, we ordered, chicken gizzards, small intestines, beef rib fingers, tripe, too much bulgolgi (limited to one person per table), poached egg in a pot,  and spicy squid.The call button on the end of each side of the table was very handy when u want a server to come to the table. It would have been nice if we noticed it earlier rather than towards the end of our meal :P Overall a great place to dine for a good price! James is one of the servers we found most helpful throughout my dining here at Yakiniq. Def worth trying if you yelpers are hungry for a new Korean spot.My only problem would be the lighting. I couldn't see how my meat was being cooked and could hardly tell when it was ready until some pieces were burnt :(
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,2/12/2014,475,273,11,20,13>I wanted to wait to write this review until after I had tried a few things that Los Gatos Meats and Smokehouse has to offer. Well ladies and gentlemen... This establishment definitely deserves 5 stars. First thing I tried: THE SANDWICHESChicken Club is created with BBQ Chicken slices of tasty meat, Melted swiss cheese, Topped with smoked bacon and everything is smothered in their tangy BBQ sauce. This thing is big, long, thick and super satisfying (that's what she said!) The Super Hero will be the - insert favorite DC comic superhero here - of your day, saving your grumbling stomach at lunch time. Stuffed full of delicious, juicy tri-tip,  BBQ sauce in between every layer of meat, melty cheddar cheese clinging everything together, warm avocado and crispy bacon. If there is one MUST TRY on the menu, this is it. I brought sandwiches for my coworkers and they were still talking about how good they were two weeks later. Good thing I work only 10 min away (maybe not a good thing actually). Oh- take advantage of ordering online on their website to avoid the line at lunch. Second thing: THE JERKYWith 20+ varieties of jerky meats, there is something there to appeal to everyone. Buffalo, turkey, beef, etc with all different seasonings. They are super chewy and flavorful. Right up my alley.Third thing: SMOKED THANKSGIVING TURKEYWe hosted Thanksgiving at our house for a group of about 20 people. We wanted to make sure we had enough food and meat to not only feed everyone, but send them home with lots of leftovers too. So we decided to bake one turkey and also preorder a smoked turkey from LG meats as well. The staff is always so nice and accommodating, even when it's busy in there. The whole process was super easy. Anyway, the baked turkey hardly got touched because the smoked turkey was SO delicious and flavorful!!! It was a hit!  Everyone wanted to know where we got it. And it leaves some room in the oven since you don't have to cook it all day long. This will definitely be a new tradition every November. Our guests were very happy, and so were we. Prices are all very reasonable, especially for the amount you get and high quality. Sandwiches are $7-8 and feed you for lunch and dinner, my smoked turkey was about $60 and the jerky bags are $4-6. I can't wait to try their selection of smoked sausages as well. I've heard rumors that the duck sausages are amazing!!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,2/11/2014,948,916,14,14,13>For some reason whenever I see this restaurant, E-40 comes to mind.Ah Izzo, ah Izzo, should I save her? (I wanna be saaaaaved!) Haha. Ok I know it doesn't say Izzo in the Captain Save a Ho lyrics but that's close enough. This is a Taiwanese Fusion restaurant and during my visit, I was able to try a few dishes:- Spicy Seaweed Salad (3/5 stars)- Mongolian Beef (3.5/5 stars)- Pork Belly Quesadilla (4/5 stars)- Black Bean Noodles (4/5 stars)- Izzo Chicken Wings (4.5/5 stars)The chicken wings are likely double-fried to give it that crunchy texture, and then coated in a sweet/soy/honey glaze. It's pretty good. The quesadilla actually had to grow on me in the beginning, but by the end of the meal I liked it. Mongolian beef and spicy seaweed salad was good but nothing to write home about. The black bean noodles were tasty and was cooked nicely as well. The service was ok but we did visit sometime after they first opened.. I'd like to check it out again and see if they've improved after some experience :)
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,10/7/2012,739,432,23,20,17>I have a confession to make.For you see, it was about a year ago that I started cheating on my beloved supermarket, Sprouts, with the unassuming grocery store on the other end of town - I'm talking about Felipe's Market.It was a hot summer day and I was doing my usual shopping at Sprouts to get fruit, because a man's gotta eat, and a sweaty man in the summer's gotta eat fruit. That's when I thought to myself, "Sprouts, you're pretty and all, heck you still look ravishing with your faux-wood signs and your luscious food displays that scream 'Eat me!!', but girl you're starting to put a hole in my wallet." Now granted, Sprouts is nowhere as high-maintenance as her bratty sisters, $afeway and (s)Nob Hill*, but for some reason her stuff was getting more expensive and I don't know why. Were the fruits suddenly getting bigger and more nutritious? Ummmm I don't think so!So I started shopping around. A friend of mine casually suggested I check out Felipe's on the west edge of Sunnyvale. I protested, "Man that's the place right next to the Fresh Choice that I got chased out of, heck no I'm not going back there!" But my friend persisted, so I humored him and went.Dude. I don't know if it was her eclectic assortment of greens, or the freshly-baked herb bread, or the Dutch milk chocolate by the pound, or the insanely low-priced and good quality produce (ok, it was all of the above), but little unassuming Felipe's Market and I instantly had a connection.Things just weren't the same after that. For produce as a whole, Sprouts could just never compete. I would get my boneless, skinless chicken breast (hormone-free!) and cereal at Sprouts, then skip over across town to fill up my reusable bags with produce at Felipe's. Sprouts knew what was up. She knew by tracking my spending (since I always pay by card) that I was getting the goods somewhere else. But she didn't care. She had many other patrons eager to fill her coffers. In a way, I was glad. Like an old ex with no strings attached, she was there when I wanted her, and out of sight when I didn't.So Felipe's Market, mi amor, here's to you. Oh and you know what else? Felipe's cash registers print on BOTH sides of the receipt, which helps save paper. Oh Felipe's, you clever chica, you.----------* I don't actually have anything against Nob Hill other than their exorbitant prices. They sent me coupons for a free 4-person meal and a free cake when I moved, twice!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,10/6/2012,278,126,14,12,8>This is my go-to taqueria for BIG tacos. Even the non-super style tacos come with a healthy dose of pinto beans, onions, cilantro, and mmm-mmm, honest to goodness marinated meat. Super includes all of the above, plus cheese, sour cream, and avocado. Al Pastor is where it's at, although I have nothing against the other meat options, which I've had here and they are all delicioso.I've never actually sat down to eat here, but I imagine it has a nice ambiance to drink a ton of margaritas and start attempting to move my Asian ass in a salsa-like imitation.I've had the "healthy plates" and had to have an honest sit-down talk with myself. It went something like this:"- Anna, be honest you fatty, you don't come to a taqueria to eat healthy, do you?- No...- Right. Why do you come to a taqueria?- To eat lots of yummy pork tacos with extra crunchy fresh onions and spend the rest of the day in solitude...- Exactly. So next time, what are you going to do?- Order the regular fatty things I am craving?- You got it babe. Good pep talk! Let's do this again soon."
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,10/5/2012,88,211,19,10,8>So here's the thing, loyal readers of which I have none because why would I, I am a vegetarian that doesn't eat vegetables. A terian, if you will. I eat food that is free of meat. Maybe a carNOvore. Get it? Because I don't eat car.Because vegetables are murder, I usually order some variation of "bean and cheese" when I go to most Mexican places. Or a cheese quesedilla, or cheese enchilada, or something that has no vegetables or meat. When I went to Taqueria Michoacan (its name called to me), they had only a vegetable vegetarian burrito. I ordered it reluctantly.But it was so damn good. Like, really good. It had flavor, flavors that I've already forgotten because I don't really pay attention to my food. I was shocked. I ate it all. Here are some more words to fill up space.I would give this place five stars, and usually if I like the main meal I will, but the chips they gave with the meal were terrible. Doused in salt. And the salsa I got on the side was not that great either. I didn't ask for either of those things but I have to be honest about them otherwise what kind of man would I be? A dishonest man, that's who.If you read this far you probably regret it.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,10/4/2012,615,556,17,17,11>Most native South Bay-ers have never been here (it's okay - more fresh air for me). Tucked away in the Evergreen foothills, Montgomery "Hill" Park is an understatement; that hill is more like a mountain when you're jogging up it in 90 degree heat. I love it here though.Have some pent-up energy? Climb the hill.Sad? Climb the hill.Need a [better] workout? Climb the hill.Want one of the best views of the Yay Area? Climb the hill.The negatives: No lights (so no early or late hikes), there's no public restroom (unless the college is in session), no free parking, and there's a slim chance you'll run into a mountain lion (yikes!).Even with the minuses, I always leave feeling more fit, happy, and calm than when I arrived. How many places can you say that about? Just climb the hill.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,10/3/2012,284,324,3,7,6>This place is one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants! Service is good and the food is even better. I am a huge fan of their Pho Ap Chao (crispy noodle rice cake w/ seafood) and Com Ga Siu Siu (Boiled chicken w/ rice cooked) as well as their other dishes but these stand out the most. Both dishes are delicioussss!! The Pho Ap Chao can easily feed 2 people. i love the crispy crunchy noodles, it pairs well the flavorful sauteed beef and veggies! The dish is a little heavy considering it's fried but it's so worth it, it's a must try! Their Com Ga is one of the best I've ever had (their so generous to take out the bones for you, it saves you times from peeling it :D It's the only restaurant i know that does this so far). Portions size are perfect for the price your paying. I also see ALOT of people eat Cha Ca La Vong (grilled fish with vermicelle noodles), i need to try that next time!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,10/2/2012,736,863,9,13,8>I normally associate Chinese food with food coma. You know, the feeling of uncontrollable fatigue after devouring a very heavy and greasy meal? Yeah, that feeling. Surprisingly, I did not feel that way after having a fairly large dinner at Cooking Papa.My three friends and I ordered about ten different dishes. The guys were pretty hungry, so I think they got a little overly excited when ordering. We ended up with the following dishes:- Roasted Pork Belly: Hit or miss--some days the pork belly is crispier than others.- Peking Duck wrapped with Steam Bun- Assorted Pork Organ Porridge (yelp.com/biz_photos/76iu)- Rice Noodle Roll with Assorted Mushrooms (yelp.com/biz_photos/76iu): Something new! I usually eat rice noodle rolls with either shrimp or beef, so this was a refreshing change. The mushrooms added a nice chewy texture to the dish and they weren't skimpy with the mushrooms either.- Shrimp Dumpling and Wonton Noodle Soup (yelp.com/biz_photos/76iu): Very lightly seasoned and light on the stomach.- Braised Eggplant & Pork Chop: Extremely flavorful, so be sure to have some rice.- Oyster with Roasted Pork & Tofu in Clay Pot: One of my favorite dishes of the evening. The oysters were huge and nicely flavored. This dish also went well with rice.- Dry Braised String Bean in Spicy Sauce (yelp.com/biz_photos/76iu)- Prawn with Walnuts in Mayo Sauce- Sauteed Pea Sprouts (yelp.com/biz_photos/76iu)All of the dishes were great. It sounds like a lot of food, but the portions were smaller than what is typical of a Chinese restaurant. I think that's a good thing though, because that means more variety!The most favorite part of the meal for me, was actually the egg puffs (yelp.com/biz_photos/76iu)! I would honestly come back just for these. They come out piping hot and inside the egg puff is a lining of delicious custard. HmmMm.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,10/1/2012,805,256,6,10,9>i go here all the time! i love the decor here and it is so clean. I remember they had bouquet of roses at each table for valentines day too. The waiters are so nice here and theyre attentive to your needs.You get seated as soon as you walk in. I saw a child get handed some crayons to play with while the parents ordered. It has a very quiet and romantic feel to it. It's a place where you can catch up and talk or have a date.There is someone playing the piano friday - sundays while you eat. Mama Do is so sweet when she stops and chats with you. Their food is so good! It tastes just like home, maybe even better! hahah. the portions are reasonable for the price. their shaking beef is tender and juicy and their chicken wings have this perfect spice to it. the eggrolls are my favorite with their sauce! i always compare all eggrolls to them now and i can never find a better one! I love the kings sampler because it has all my favorite appetizers in there. their grilled pork with eggrolls and noodles is so amazing! the grill the pork just right. Every time i get their rice plates, i get the tomato rice! its different from the white rice i eat at home.They do have vietnamese coffee, which not a lot of places have and i like their unique take to lemonade, instead of water, its club soda. they dont skimp on the ice cream for desserts too! the flan melts right in your  mouth and im always amazed when they set the banana on fire for their banana flambe.There is a small parking lot though, which is shared by a couple other stores.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,9/30/2012,245,261,5,8,6>The good: it's an amazing building, attractive inside and out, plenty of windows, plenty of books. You would almost think it was the library for a major city.The bad: maybe all the money spent on that building could have kept the place open a little longer, now that funds are tighter than they were when the built the thing (the contrast with the hideous and dark, but open more often, Sunnyvale library is striking). I used to work late and it was frustrating to not even be able to make it to this place most of the week.If you use Link+ (a great, free way to request books from other library systems, mostly in the area) you actually have to return the books while the library is open, so this really can become an issue in some cases!The surroundings are nice (the park) and you can always park across the street near the CVS if necessary (I've only once bothered with the garage, not crazy about that blind turn).They do also have some interesting events; it was cool to hear G. Willow Wilson speak recently!Oh, one last quirk is that you can't request (or "hold) an item if it's on the shelf, only if it's checked out. And just now I wasn't even able to request a checked out item because one of the copies was "Missing"! I think the latter thing is a bug, though.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,9/29/2012,332,593,4,9,8>This is a brand new cafe/tea/honey toast shop and I'm happy to say that it is now on the top of my list to go to for drinks/desserts! I have tried the green milk tea from all the popular tea shops out there: Fantasia, Ten Ren Tea, Verde, Q-Cup, Tapioca Express, and etc etc..but this place is the absolute BEST! It was a perfect combination of milk and tea distributed evenly in each cup. A lot of other places either put too much or too little of one kind and it doesn't balance, but I highly recommend giving this tea shop a try. The drinks are very affordable ranging from $2.75-$4.50 I think. They also have honey toasts that I'm coming back to try starting at about $8.99. They have a variety of different teas, coffees, and specialty drinks. They also have cheesecakes, sandwiches, and other pastries. I love the decor and ambiance. I especially love the clock hanging above the entrance door. Super cute! This store is located on Stevens Creek under an apartment complex in between the lights of Wolfe and Finch Rd where there's a Kaiser Permanent business office. There is extra parking as you go further inside the complex. Definitely my new favorite spot for tea, desserts, and coffee! Worth the ten to fifteen minute drive from my place!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,9/28/2012,1596,841,11,15,14>What a delight to end a spontaneous day! After a busy morning and afternoon, I talked some friends into a last minute beach trip. We packed into the car and started driving south until we hit Highway 1 and realized it was almost 4pm. After enjoying the briney smell of the beach while we sunned ourselves and eating all of our convenience store snacks, we decided that we were hungry for real food. After careful consideration, Cafe Sparrow seemed like a good decision for our starving souls. Yelp did not do us wrong. After a short drive, we found Cafe Sparrow tucked away on the main street downtown.The inside is quaint and cozy, and that feeling follows you as you are greeted by a glowing face from a friendly server. It was explained to me that the restaurant used to be the city post office, so they had to "be creative" with how they utilized the space within. The near-sightedness in me rejoiced when they brought the specials menu to me and propped the whiteboard up with a cushion in a vacant chair.After considering the menu, staring at the uniquely decorated ceiling, and then considering the menu some more, we decided on several different plates so we could all partake in a taste of what Cafe Sparrow had to offer. One option on the menu that I enjoyed seeing was the option to make any appetizer a small plate dinner. For an extra $7, they would add the sides that would regularly come with your dinner. For us, our sides included roasted beets, butternut squash puree, garlic parmesean potatoes, and a few strings of sauteed string beans. We ordered and took bites of the following dishes: Crabcakes, Coco (breaded oysters), Seared Dayboat Scallops, Angus Filet Mignon, Bardot (chicken and pears with brie), and for dessert, blueberry bread pudding. Everything was very tasty, and we continued to eat even after we were full. I could have eaten all appetizers for dinner and went home happy, but I was glad that we had our entrees too. I was impressed to see that my steak arrived rare enough to my standards, and the bardot was an interesting combination of flavors that I had not previously experienced before. Cafe Sparrow offers a large and diverse menu, which enough interesting options to entertain one with a short attention span and adventerous tastes.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,6/8/2012,210,372,6,7,6>I love this Seafood City!  Everything here is so clean and the shelves are neat and well stocked with all sorts of Filipino goodies.  I wish that I had paid more attention to my Lola when I was a child and had learned to cook Filipino food.  Now as an adult I find recipes online for favorite dishes and rush off to Seafood City to get  all the necessary ingredients.  I wish I could blame my failed dishes on Seafood City, but the truth is I've yet to buy anything from them that was past its prime... so I guess my impatience in the kitchen is to blame.  I also love that they offer grilled fish in addition to the usual fried fish sold at Asian markets.  It's also worth noting that shopping here is not as chaotic as a visit to Ranch 99.  The best part about shopping at this particular Seafood City is it's location inside Seasons Marketplace, the close proximity to Valerios and Goldilocks is a major plus!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,6/7/2012,1806,1048,8,17,13>Nick, you are awesome from your food to your warming personality as we entered your restaurant.  The ambiance is warm and charming.  The staff is amazing and friendly, which makes you feel right at home.  The venue sits about 12-14 tables.  Very small but it fits the purpose of Nick's On Main, of delivering a great meal.  The decor is modern, simple, but cute.Reservations are a must!If you are waiting around, they will pop a bottle of wine open for you to drink outside! Of course, we brought in the bottle ($20 corkage fee). But you can also get a glass to your liking :)I have been here on two occasions now, once for lunch, and last night for dinner. Bills comes in a food ingredients dictionary, where you can leave your mark in.  Personal and cute indeed.  Here starts the delicious foods I was able to try!--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------------------LUNCH++ Bread comes with delicious dipping sauce.  It is different and at the same time good!++ Foie Gras Mousse with Cornichons and Sweet Cherries: delicious with the sweet cherries combination.  I do prefer the actual seared foie gras though since I can eat pate all day++Trust the Chef with a Piece of Chilean Sea Bass and mussels:  The mussels here are on steroids!  They pick the finest mussels I may say.  The seabass combination with the puree was absolutely buttery and heavenly.  Asparagus accompanied this wonderful dish++ Duck Confit: the meat was very well cooked with braised pork belly.  Giving it a rich taste.++Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee: I love anything Vanilla bean!++Glass of champagne to enjoy my lovely lunch with--------------------------------------------------­----------------------------------------DINNER++ Trust the Chef: Rack of Lamb with potato puree and green beans. DELICIOUS and tender meat.  If you eat lamb, you have to cook it very well and Nick has mastered this bad boy.  Enjoyed it every bit++ Beef Tartare with Truffle Egg and Pommes Frites: Perfect combination with the crunchy baguette slices to eat with.  My favorite started of the night.++ Penne Bolognese: I am not a big fan of tomato sauce but this was pretty good!++ "Loch Duart" Salmon with Dungeness Crab/Lemon Risotto/Sautéed Asparagus/Chive Beurre Blanc:  The risotto wasn't as mushy as it usually is.  I enjoyed its actual rice texture with the wonderful beurre blanc sauce marinated crab and salmon.  I was already stuffed by this time!!!++ Grilled Rib Eye Steak with Roasted Truffle Potatoes, Sautéed Asparagus and a blue cheese fondue: DELICIOUS!  The meat was so tender at a perfect medium rare.  It melted in your mouth and I was surprised at how well the light blue cheese dipping sauce went very well with it.  truffle potatoes. what more can I ask for.++ Chocolate Peanut Butter Mousse with a scoop of ice cream: peanut butter was not overly powering.  Great end to the meal.++Bottle of Kathryn Kennedy Lateral '08 Blend- very smooth with all our food.--------------------------------------------------­-----------------------------------------Well worth your money. Must Try in Los Gatos! or in general, Must try in South Bay!
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,6/6/2012,741,268,3,9,3>Best CrossFit I've ever been too!I've been a member for a year and a half now. The new location just opened and I could be more excited-now i'm able to visit the Mountain View, Santa Clara and San Jose spots with my membership. The facility and teachers are top of the line. I couldn't imagine going anywhere else.Totally worth every penny!My recomendation: Sign up with a buddy. Motivation is key!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,6/5/2012,88,211,8,7,6>Stellar bagels. Since I was born to juice [sic], I was practically raised on these things, so I have fairly high standards, which is something you shouldn't trust because I'm a random dude on the Internet. Stop believing everything you read, including this. Even so, while the bagels were excellent, it wasn't what made this place five stars for me. That I will explain using dashes and indented paragraphs, below.Needless Subtitle Goes Here- I was staying at a place nearby. I decided to walk my dog here. The walk took longer than I expected because I chose the wrong right turn on Bernal from Monterey (there's two right turns to the same street, so whatever). By the time I arrived they had been closed for 15 minutes. Except they weren't closed. All of the lights were still on. The family simply decided to stay open because they weren't doing anything else, and had no problem making me coffee and serving me some bagels. - Coffee.- The bagels are well above average. But what was especially interesting was the cream cheese varieties. They had jalapeno cream cheese, Greek cream cheese, strawberry, vegetable, and honey walnut cream cheeses. They had maybe 10 different styles of cream cheese and another 15 different styles of bagel (sesame, chocolate, raisin, cranberry, plain, poppy, etc.) so you could essentially mix and match flavors and create a different tasting bagel and cream cheese sandwich each time. Most days I chose the jack cheese bagel and jalapeno cream cheese. - Coffee.I was glad I found this place, especially close by. Really good quality stuff, and while I wish they were open later (officially), I'm still happy with everything about it.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,6/4/2012,255,170,10,9,9>Yes 5 Stars!! Why Not...Cant make it to fancy Napa because your casmere sweater has a hole..Stop by here to get your fix!Spectacular wines from Paso Robles, Monterey and Napa..yes Napa in our backyard here in San Jose, and the tasting is FREE!! The atmosphere is very relaxed!! The server are very knowledgeable, easy going and will educate you.J.Lohr has grown with the times and offer a verity of different wines; from screw tops to deep cuvée reds.Bring a date, a friend or just stop by. I guarantee you'll leave happy :)Oh... Don't bring your kids!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,6/3/2012,948,916,7,16,10>Hubby and I had a hankering for Korean food and since we haven't been here before, we decided on this place. Right off the bat, I noticed how classy and modern looking the inside was. It was a Friday night around 7:30 and there was already a wait forming when we arrived. We were quoted 25-30 minutes, which seemed reasonable enough to us. We invited our good friends Gina and Charles to join us, since they live only a few minutes away from the restaurant. They were able to make it just before the hostess called our names to be seated ;] Perfect!Since G&C are both Korean, they ordered the food for the table which made for a seamless transaction. Saved us from sounding like complete noobs trying to pronounce everything on the menu correctly, too. :) We shared:- Yachae Pajeon [vegetable pancake]- Chicken Soon Tofu w/ egg- 2 orders of LA galbi- one of the noodle dishes [the name escapes me]It doesn't sound like a lot of food on paper but it was perfect amount of food for us 4. We were all stuffed after dinner. Everything we had was yum!!! We'd come back to JSJ.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,6/2/2012,576,429,8,13,10>After moving back from SF, we found it difficult to find a place to have a nice, quaint dinner for Date Night. I've always seen Le Papillon so was pretty excited to finally get the chance to try it.I really enjoyed the food, it is extremely good for what you pay. We opted to order off the ala carte menu.We ordered:Appetizers:Foie Gras - 3 Ways (Seared, Cold, Mousse): creamy and wonderful. I don't think they'll be serving this again because of the foie gras ban so I'm glad I got to try it! My favorite was the foie gras "cappuccino" mousse. Suuuuuper good.Scallops - perfectly seared! Can't go wrong here.Soups:Sugar Snap Pea Soup with Shiitake Mushrooms: one of my favorites. So sweet and creamy and perfectly warm. Soothed my soul :) I could drink this all day! Little bits of meaty shiitake were perfect.Entrees:Pan Roasted Beef Tenderloin: cooked perfectly rare and the potato gratin/bone marrow was to-die for. Classic flavors. Never gets old :)Noisettes of Red Deer: deer is a very lean meat but I don't mind it at all. Loved this dish too but I definitely prefer the Beef Tenderloin.Desserts:Various Cheeses: I don't think they had any blue cheeses, which was strange but I liked most of them. Creamy and delectable. Mhmm!Le Papillon's decor is a bit dated and traditional (almost a bit gaudy) but we found it pretty cozy.. We had a nice little corner to ourselves. We talked, we laughed, we drank wine; we had a really good time here. The service was really sweet and never overbearing. We didn't have the souffle that everyone raves about but I hear its pretty good.We would come back again, maybe try their other dishes but the ones we had were really delicious! I think we paid around $250 (drinks, tax + tip included).
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,6/1/2012,942,253,14,20,19>I dropped by last month to get a dozen of my fave glazed raised doughnuts.  I called ahead to find out the availability and was told by the time I get there, there would be a new batch coming out of the fryer.  I arrived around 10AM on a weekday.Walking in, the heavenly scent of freshly made doughnuts enveloped me.  I don't come here often due to the distance but every once in a while, we'll make the drive.Talking a bite of my fave glazed raised doughnuts made me a happy camper!  Thankfully, it is still consistent in flavor.I've made bread pudding using the glazed raised doughnuts from Stan's and it's incredibly rich and worth every calorie!One star off for:  CASH ONLY
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,5/31/2012,366,148,3,6,4>I have been going to this place since I was in high school! I always get the same thing and recommend others to do the same; lunch combos for the win! It is just like any ordinary japanese restaurant that closes in the middle of the day, so if you are trying to score this awesome lunch combo, be sure to check on the hours! Anyways, the real reason why I always come back here is the fried calamari!! OMG, it is something I have never had before, it's definitely not like the regular calamari that they serve in high class restaurants. It seems almost like it's not even real calamari, but I LOVE IT. It has just the right amount of crispiness and the tartar sauce is THE BEST I have ever had. So the usual lunch combo I order is the one with a side of teriyaki chicken with pasta, 6 pieces of calamari (or choose the 3 pieces of calamari with 6 small california roll pieces) with rice, a side salad and miso soup. This is a really cute place to have lunch and super inexpensive for japanese food. So be sure to come before the lunch rush because SOOOO many silicon valley workers come here for a quick bite and there is very limited seating. I cannot wait to come get when I go back to San Jose!! Such a good deal!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,5/30/2012,285,153,6,8,7>My days of squinting are over! Did a search on local optometrists and found that this small office is not only close to home, but they had a great Yelp deal as well. For $95 I was able to get a comprehensive eye exam, plus 20% off a new pair of specs.Dr Hsieh was very friendly, knowledgeable and courteous. I hadn't been to an optometrist in years so I was filled with questions that she was more than prepared to answer. I tend to dislike clinical environments as I don't enjoy being poked and prodded by various devices, and I'm glad to say that that usual anxiety was not a factor due to the warm environment.The selection of frames at Campbell Optometric is also quite solid and the woman in charge of setting you up with glasses was awesome. She helped me pick a fabulous pair of frames that I've received a ton of compliments on. Thanks!Nice to finally have everything in focus after procrastinating on this for so long. If you live in the area, I can't recommend this place enough.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,12/22/2008,564,356,15,18,16>Move over Pho Mai - Pho Tau is my new LUV! So I have to say thanks to Randy T. for telling me about some of the better pho places to try. This one is close to our house so I begged and whined as usual for pho - Even though I ate some on Monday (ok ok I am PMS-ing, that's why!)We ordered 2 large bowls of #4 with beef balls added - we also ordered their eggrolls. When our order arrived, it smelled so good - the eggrolls looked really crispy (which I love) and when I bit into them - Oh HEAVEN!!! These are hands down the best eggrolls I have ever tried in my life - SERIOUSLY!And let me tell you about the pho - I have to say it was probably one of the top 3 bowls of pho I ever had! I know, I know - probably going off too much about this but again, I'm allowed to - it's my time of the month so I can be a big over dramatic.Overall - this is my new haven - my love of pho will always guide me here where I can sit and enjoy the wonderful sounds of slurping and smells of hiracha sauce.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,12/21/2008,674,366,16,19,19>It was just another saturday night. I just came from buying groceries for the week and like always, slightly hungry. So I dropped by Bob's karaoke festival to check up whats happening. I just realized that I was in the same restaurant at least 9 months ago on a birthday of a friend of a friend. I couldn't remember what I ordered then but I would assume it's not good at all since it wasn't so memorable.  This restaurant is very similar to the Mexican restaurant I reviewed months ago in San Leandro. As soon as I sat down, the servers were very helpful, immediately handed me a bowl of warm nachos and spicy salsa. When I opened the menu immediately my eyes were drawn to a picture of a hot plate shrimp enchiladas so that's pretty much my dinner. It was pretty good, nothing spectacular. The nice thing about this place is that the servers kept filling the nacho bowls constantly. They're warm too!While watching Bob belt out a few tunes, I got to check out the people who are waiting in line for sing. There's this male elderly couple who are singing some oldies, the group of 5 yuppies who have a thing for singing Britney, the latin couple in their 40s both dressed up in leopard prints and include dancing in their repertoire, the casually dressed man who likes to sing romantic songs and the quiet and secretive asian woman who sings "I kissed a girl and I liked it."I have to say Im impressed with Bob's list of Karaoke songs, he has a very modern and updated list.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,12/20/2008,234,115,20,18,18>Good lawd almighty!Thank you Mikey U for just being and having great friends and family that love you so much they buy you super duper cakes.  YAY FOR US ALL!At the end of a fun meal at Kalesa to celebrate Mikey's old (er, older) age, there were a plethora of cakes lit up, cut up and passed out for everyone's tasting pleasure.  There were 3 to be exact: Mango, Rocky Road and Ube Macapuno.  Mango - So everyone was gaga over the mango.  It was really good, but I don't think I'm a mango-lover.  Not a hater, just not a lover.  It had mango pieces inside a white cake with supposed buttercream frosting.  It was so light I thought it was whipped cream, which was a nice surprise.Rocky Road - So, I thought I'd favor the rocky road because I LOVE chocolate.  It was an excellent cake, as well.  Light chocolate cake with cashews, marshmallows, etc.  Not as sweet as it sounds which made it even better, but not the one, either.Ube Macapuno - Well, it's PURPLE! First thought..."what on Earth is it???"  Yeah...this was THE one!  Took a bite and my heart stopped.  A light appeared above and the angels came down for a moment and sang.  It was beautiful!  *tear*  I can't even describe it...can only tell you it is DA BOMB!  I've been craving it ever since!!!So...who's having another celebration with Filipino cakes?  CAN I COME...PA-LEEZE????  *begs*
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2008,12/19/2008,132,237,27,29,28>i'm a san jose urbanite. i LIVE downtown san jose. i like to think i know all the spots. not this place. even my bird's eye view from riding my fixie throughout downtown, i never knew this place was located here. mainly because it's hidden by heavily leaved trees. you really only notice it by walking in front of it. not even from across the street. it is really nestled in-between peet's coffee and a sushi spot (that i must check out). the place is small but really warm and cozy. there is a taste of style and the scent of some good food. like really good food!i can't express to you how good the food smelled in this place. i was excited to scour the menu and eat whatever i was smelling!stop the press!!! hit the brakes!!! retreat!!! fall back!!! stand down!!! cease fire!!!!!!!!!i hear walter asking the owner "would you be offended if we leave"? uh oh, i said to myself. janice asks me what we should do. i said, let's support walter.so, comes to find out. tetsu was in contact with a lady from this restaurant, that a large amount of yelpers (about 60) are coming on a certain night. it was understood between both of them that there shouldn't be any problems with our size. when we get there, the "owner" says we will have to wait until our entire party arrives before we can be seated AND that some of the tables were already reserved. wtf? so the manager and owner don't communicate very well and the owner seems to have a deficiency in math. his lost, not ours. we'll spend our $900 + tips elsewhere....this is a classic case of "left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing" or "communication brake down". that's too bad because the food smelled yummy and they lost out on a huge bill and huge tip.they're going to have to settle with just me coming back to try their food. and when that happens, i'll update.hmmm... | 60 x $15 = $900 + tips|| vs.                                   |  = DOH!!!| 1 x $15 = $15 + tip       |
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2008,12/18/2008,20,26,8,10,7>This is one of my favorite places to mountain bike. I've been riding here since Jr. High, so like 1000 years. Fremont Older is a quick drive from anywhere in the south bay. So you don't have to deal with highway 9 or anything else.I always ride my bike into the park so I don't have to deal with parking. I prefer to climb up Regnart Rd - killer hill, not for the faint of heart. Then I take the hayfield trail to the coyote ridge trail to the toyon trail. I think that's the best loop in the park. Seven Springs is an ok trail for biking, but it's all downhill in the beginning, and then you have to climb up. I think this is much better for hiking because it is more shaded. Toyon trail is also better shaded, so you won't bake in the sun.Watch out for the park ranger. He carries a radar gun and positions himself at the bottom of all the hills and strictly enforces the speed limit. 15mph - I could break that in my tricycle. I have this fantasy of barreling down a hill and having the ranger hop on his bike and try to catch up to me. The park rangers always sit at the bottom of the seven spring's loop trail at the intersection of ranch road and at the bottom of the coyote ridge trail in Steven's Creek Park.It get's hot here in the summer during the day. So the better times to ride are in the early morning and early evening.I do concede that there are better places to ride in the south bay, but Fremont Older is a nice after work quickie in the summer.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,12/17/2008,490,412,29,23,22>Ginger on top...nibble, suck, swallow.  Nibble, suck, swallow.  As you close your eyes and let it come down your throat,  I can see how much you enjoy it.                                             ****SCREECH!!!!  Stop that Barry White music in the background****Oh hell no...you didn't just think about that, now did you??  That's just wrong.  Would you now get your mind out of the gutter?   C'mon...all I'm doing is teaching you the correct method of eating Xiao Long Bao from Hu Chiang Dumpling House.You see, these dumplings pack a surprise in each bite.  If you're not careful, you'll burn your mouth with the hot broth that is inside each of these pork, seafood, or beef morsels.  Place each dumpling in a spoon, top it with ginger, and nibble on it until you break the skin and can suck the delicious broth out.  After the broth is drained, you can eat the rest of the dumpling. Best XLB I have had in the US, rivals Din Tai Fong in China.  Just remember to nibble, suck, and swallow.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2008,12/16/2008,905,867,16,33,23>** Pho Quest Stop #15 **My pho quest is finally over!!  I've found what I consider to be the best beef pho around and one that deserves 5 enthusiastic stars.Pho Ha Noi is located along a strip of Capitol Expressway that has numerous Vietnamese and pho restaurants.  But even among these competitors, it clearly stood out.  Recommended by Vietnamese family friends (and a few Yelpers), Pho Ha Noi specializes in pho, but makes a slightly different, "Northern-style" version than that of the everyday pho joint. While the novel style was a welcome change, the outstanding all-around qualities were what put this pho over the top. I found myself at Pho Ha Noi at 9:45 am (after a 40 min roundtrip drive).  Who does that??  Well, I do, but apparently so do many others.  A steady stream of customers visited Pho Ha Noi while I was there and the place was filled with more patrons than some restaurants during peak lunch hours.I ordered a Pho #6 w/ fresh wide noodles.  It included rare flank, beef, tendon and tripe.  While I was a bit worried it only came in a large size ($7.25) for such an early meal, it was all for naught. Broth - piping hot and extremely rich, yet still subtle. Upon first taste, I noticed only the ginger and fresh green onion, but the strong beef flavor gradually hit and there was no doubt the soup was made from excellent beef stock. Noodles - I'm a fan of wide Chinese noodles and found the freshly made noodles here a delight. I literally smiled as I slurped my first mouthful of fresh, tender, and tasty noodles. Beef - the rare flank here is tenderized (ie: pounded) and ultra soft. The tendon was "melt-in-your-mouth" delicious and the tripe was similarly fresh.Overall, it was one of the best pho noodles I've had and I was glad to have made the trip.  The unique aspects (tenderized beef, hint of ginger, and fresh wide noodles) combined with the excellent ingredients (top notch broth, quality meat cuts) made this pho the closest I've had to a version my friend's mother once made.  Having been to Vietnam and Hanoi, I could easily envision such a bowl amongst other authentic cuisine from that country.  It's that good.    5 stars = A successful Pho Quest.  Pho Ha Noi is cash only.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,12/15/2008,357,399,25,28,28>I love pizza.  I love all kinds of pizza, all styles, I don't care but it has got to be GOOD pizza, with good toppings.  I held off trying the pizza the first time I went to Gumbas but I have been dying to try it since and tonight was the night!When we walked in there was no one else in the place.  The phone was ringing alot though so I'm guessing they do a good take out business.  We missed Linda tonight but Katy was wonderful!  She took our order and it arrived in no time flat.  My pizza was soooooo yummy.  The toppings were fresh and the dough was perfect.  It's the type of dough that is flater on the bottom and thicker around the top of the pan.  I like bread and pizza dough is my favorite!  haha!  This was heaven on a pizza pan!  YUM!  and I ordered a bigger size so I could take some home.  My daughter had her usual spaghetti and bread and was happy as a clam.  :)When we came in I noticed on the specials board that the desserts for tonight were Sticky Toffee Pudding and White Chocolate Mousse.  Well now!!  I saved room for dessert!!  I had the Sticky Toffee Pudding......it was wonderful, amazing, delicious and I would have licked the bowl but there were others in the restaurant and I'm trying to be a good example to my daughter.  Darn!  Now, I have not had this before but I have to say that any other Sticky Toffee Pudding I try now will pale in comparison.  I can't wait to see what is for dessert next time!!Linda and Katy are wonderful hostesses.  They come and check on you frequently to make sure you are good, the food is good, and you are happy.  Katy said they do a pretty good lunch business and dinner has been picking up too so I'm glad to hear that.  Please support women owned and run businesses!!  These ladies are wonderful!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,12/14/2008,361,297,11,16,14>It took me awhile to pronounce: Tigelle, but I think I got it now.  Ti-gell-ay.  Fancy name for the simple and delicious staple flat bread of Northern Italy.  Freshly baked with each order, it is accompanied with 3 different spreads.  Ours that day were the egglant, pistachio, & sun-dried tomatoes.  A savory treat before ordering. Walk into this charming little restaurant and be wowed by the extensive collection of wine bottles decorating the bright blue walls.  If you can tear your eyes away from the projected movie screen (that day was Sophia Lauren & Clark Gable in "It Started in Naples"), the menu selection is just as enticing.  Along with the imported spread of red, sparkling, and white wines, this place specializes in salumi meat plates & cheese.  Our waiter recommended pairing one of those plates with the Tigelle bread.  Be prepared for some hearty and salty eating - those slices mean business for your taste buds!  My friend and I shared the plate (and still couldn't finish it) along with an order of the pumpkin ravioli.  PERFECTLY al dente pasta with a sweet and creamy filling.  This place isn't your typical Italian restaurant.  It's a certified Slow Food restaurant with imported ingredients, organic food, economically friendly practices with their use of recycled bottles for water pitchers, and great care and attention to the quality of the cuisine.  If you're in a hurry, you better let them know.  Otherwise, relax with your glass of vino, catch an old flick on the wall, and enjoy your delicious evening.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,12/13/2008,209,427,10,11,11>4.5 starshonestly, the entire evening was GREAT except one measly, but very important thing to me.. i'll explain at the end.at first, they messed up my reservations, we wanted a sunday, but somehow we got a reservation that day, but was later informed they weren't open on sunday, uh how did they miss that? so for compensation we were offered any day or time for when we need our reservation. so friday 8pm it is!first:+butter with sprinkle of sugar+house bread and olive breadthe olive bread was really good. though it was warm when it touched the plate it soon got cold because they weren't nestle in a basket together. the sugar was so YUMMY. it didn't feel like slabbing it on my bread will give me a heart attack, right then and there!second: chef's temptations+fried mozzarella with olive oil - +onion fried bread+duck liver on black bread+devils quail egg+celery bisquemy favorite was the fried mozzarella, the texture was so unique! it was a round ball on a skewer. it was crispy on the outside and soooo fluffy and squishy in the inside, it made my mouth happy. my second favorite was the onion fried bread, which was really flaky and wasn't overpowering. while the other 3 were too strong for me .. especially the duck liver on black bread. appetizer 1:+cold marble slab with preparations of Artisan Foie Gras with brioche. each foie gras had a jam. first one was persimmon, fig, sliced grapesi wish i remembered the name of each of the foie gras but i really enjoyed the sliced grapes with the foie gras it was complementing. it was the best! but eating something so rich, so soon, makes my stomach churn a little bit.appetizer 2:+abalone bisque [boyfriend] - he said it was delicious. that is all. :P+Chestnut soup, crispy sweetbreads, smoked duck, bacon flan [mine]my soup was delicious but the portion of the soup was a lot bigger than i had anticipated! it wasn't too creamy or rich. the meats that were in the soup didn't complement too well though.entrees:+Roast Breast of Duck - seared artisan foie gras, roasted pear, walnut+rabbit confit, rabbit wrapped with bacon, rack of rabbit, lots or rabbit..[boyfriend]i had the duck, and i cant tell you how much i love duck in general, so i may be a little bit biased. the portion were just right for this dish, and the pear went really well with my duck! the meat was cooked medium rare, and was so tender =) the sauced was sweet but had enough to overcome the saltiness of the duck. cheese:3 cheese plate with acompany spreads. italian goat cheese, gouda with meyer lemon preserve, fig bread, in their respective order. but we asked the sommelier to picked our 3rd cheese ... and the accompany spread im not a cheese fan, well more like lactose intolerant so i stayed cleared of this. but my boyfriend did finish it all and rolled his eyes back a few times with every bite ... and cleaned the slab off. this is where the disappointment was: dessert! there was nothing for me to even consider in having! i was quite annoyed, and the table next to us, the lady also gave a fit "how can they be so unfair" as she said.. well put. =( it was like a tease! i didn't get my finale for my birthday dinner. the one thing i always wait for at a nice restaurant .. the best dessert of my life =(but our waiter did surprise me with a cute plate with 'happy birthday' and a candle, and some little treats...meringue, chocolate fudge brownie? and candied fruit that was squishy. that was really nice! the treats weren't that exciting though, as taste go. but it did give me a preview of how the dessert would have tasted if i had ordered some from them: disappointing!i liked the maître d' Manuel who was very proud of his cheese cart and the recently imported white truffles from Italy, he came to my table to present those! the entire restaurant had a really nice atmosphere, the awesome led mushroom chandelier gave the room a spark! the light kept changing so i got kind of confused about the lighting at times ... the other thing i enjoyed seeing was the carts! they had a cart full of champagne/wines and cheese! i did not go into the wine room, but from the dining room you can see how fantastic it was! made of glass and you could see all the bottle stacked up really high! the prices are fair here too, you do get what you're paying for and would not be left unsatisfied [minus dessert part].i will definitely come back, very soon! =)
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2007,4/20/2007,72,75,4,6,7>Like people have been posting before, "Don't forget your iPod!"  Yes, it's all that ... and more.  I have friends who live in San Jose (otherwise, I mean seriously, why on Earth would I go there?) and I hardly ever have to stay in a hotel.  But this was Easter weekend, my buds had family over to their places, and my brother and his wife were staying at the Fairmont for some convention she was partaking in.  I'd been to Paragon (the sumptuous restaurant in Hotel Montgomery's building), and I'd played in their bocce courts a few times in the past.  So, naturally, I figured I'd stay there for an evening.Hot damn!  I've always loved boutique hotels.  There's something about them that gets my blood pumping, whether it be the fantastical lighting to the multi-thread count sheets to the fantabulous bathrooms to the general coolness of the entire endeavour.  I was not disappointed when I went into my room.  iPod dock?  Check.  Sliding heavy-wood door for the bathroom?  Check.  Funky (in a good way) carpet?  Check.  48 hidden Easter eggs with chocolate and (in one case) a free future weekend stay at the hotel?  Well, uh, check.  I didn't find one of those fuckers, though.What I did find was helpful and very friendly desk-people.  Of course, there were the bocce courts, which I used with my brother an awful lot, and the restaurant, Paragon (of which I'll write about later), which served up some mouth-watering morsels and signature vodka-infused drinks that were the most original concoctions this side of Absinthe (which I will also write up in the future, being where I'm writing this review, strangely enough).  I loved the room, I loved the personnel, I loved the hotel, I loved the restaurant, and I loved the bocce courts!Yes, I know I have friends who live here in San Jose, and they'll always be ready to let me pass out on their sofas or their tuck-away futons or their guestrooms.  But there will also always be a spot in my heart completely devoted to Hotel Montgomery.I LOVE this fucking hotel.  Just about as much as I fucking love bocce.  (I'll play you in a match.  I DARE you to challenge me.  I'll send you back home crying to your Momma Mia.)
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2007,4/19/2007,323,618,3,14,19>I ate at Kaygetsu for the first time with the anthropology professor who was supervising my research grant through the NEH.  Yes, I had the pleasure of blowing thousands of taxpayer dollars "researching" Japanese food and it was worth every penny.   Steve Jobs was sitting at the table closest to us with a dean from Stanford, so the professor and I both experienced a minor celebrity sighting without having the slightest idea who each other were looking at.The sushi here is spectacular on its own, but the seven course Kaiseki menu is the real reason to go.  Changing six times each year, the menu reflects the season and is created from the freshest and finest ingredients to make the most complex and beautiful renditions of traditional Japanese dishes.  Kaiseki has a specific order with courses being prepared in prescribed styles and I highly recommend splurging on the paired sake if you want to truly appreciate every detail.The presentation of the meal could not have been more impressive.  There was an artistic and innovative flair to the plating of every dish, which far surpassed the aesthetic appeal of traditional Japanese food.  A similar kaiseki meal in Kyoto would have cost easily twice as much, and according to my fancy federal grant, the authenticity is top-notch, utilizing strict traditional technique and going all-out on the crucial little touches, like the thousand-slice preparation that I noted on one mushroom dish.According to the prof, Larry Ellison is personally responsible for keeping Kaygetsu afloat, and I can see why this place would need a patron.  Kaygetsu is small, yet so abundantly staffed that plates were touching down in front of all eight diners in sheer simultaneity.  They create such exquisite cuisine, that I can say without reservation that this is the best Japanese food I have eaten in this country.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2007,4/18/2007,486,119,15,7,10>Macy's is so money, baby.I'll explain briefly.Macy's had suit.  For great price. Great fit.Searched Hillsdale, couldn't find better deal.No workers to help me =( -1 star.Yelp Equation: Macy's = Suit = Interview = Job = MoneyTherefore:Macy's = Money.ergoMacy's is so Money, baby.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2007,4/16/2007,126,257,3,3,3>No lines, great service...what more can you ask for. this place has the best tellers and bankers. Cute tellers too. They are super quick with transactions and they can help you with everything. the people there are super nice and friendly.  If youre going to open an account, you should open one there. you'll never find better service than at the McCarthy Ranch Wells Fargo.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2007,4/15/2007,690,683,9,3,5>It's 1999 again, folks. The pundits have been predicting a full return to our dot-com glory days for a while now, but I'm calling those days officially "back" as of last night.I had dinner with an old buddy last night in downtown Palo Alto (and yes, just to get us off on the right foot here, he's a Web-1.0-business-development type too). We met up at the Blue Chalk (that's right, you're getting the theme now), which was of course closed for a private reception. Who's renting it out, you ask? Why naturally it's a group from AOL alongside their friends in interactive ad agencies, brand advertising clients and a handful of VCs. So anyhow, we chuckle at this and, given that we weren't planning to eat at Blue Chalk anyhow, we wander north in search of food and shelter at one of Palo Alto's wide selection of 3.5 star, techie-serving eateries. We are turned away by long waits from our first three stops because, despite the fact it's 8:30pm on a Tuesday, every one of these places is literally overflowing with the well-coiffed, jacket-and-slacks-wearing private equity crowd and their gelled-if-not-quite-as-well-coiffed, jacket-and-jeans-wearing friends who run marketing for one of the local start-ups.  Eventually we end up at Evvia, which is packed with the same crowd and requires a 30 minute wait... but by now we've foregone the dream of fast service, so we jostle through a few striped shirts to buy time at the bar.The dinner itself at Evvia was great, just as it's been on my other 4 or 5 visits.  We started with their classic dip-and-pita plate that's always my highlight, then split the Moussaka (super heavy but tasty) and an excellent pork rotisserie special with green olives and new potatoes.  We also shared a bottle of the house Zin, which was fine but a little sweet for my taste.  So I'll see you at Evvia sometime soon.  Heck, if we're going to be in a bubble again, I'm not going to sit on the sidelines.[phone rings]Okay, better run.  I've got some co-branded Web marketing deals to work on.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2007,4/14/2007,1251,575,1,12,8>Update July 2007:My last two visits here have been "so-so".  The "dduk" is still good... but something about the meat doesn't knock my socks off, and it doesn't have me undoing my pants to breathe.  I'm not sure what........ but because it's STILL the only decent dduk bo-ssam place that I know of in the Bay Area - - I will give it a couple more chances.  Won't downgrade the rating just yet... but one more time and we shall see.**************************************************­**************Hands down, this is my favorite place to eat in the E. Bay.  BUT -  and this is a big "BUT" - don't believe the name, their tofu stuff is not that great.  In fact, when they first opened and I went to try their tofu soup (soontofu chigae) - I vowed never to go back.  The fresh homemade tofu in itself is good but a really good tofu house will make a soontofu that will keep you unaware even if your dining partner should drop dead while eating.  Four Seasons doesn't do that.What they did do, instead, is create an additional menu, LA-style, for something called "Dduk BoSsam".  Santa Clara has a place that serves this BBQ type, as do some places in SF - but none of them compare.You ask for the separate menu if they don't  give it to you - and you can pick a selection, depending on how many people are in your group and just how much y'all can chow.  Then, they will bring a burner to your table with grill, a plate full of fresh meats including beef and pork (I always ask them to leave out the marinated meat as it doesn't taste as good as the fresh ones).  They bring you a bowl of sliced greens which include kale as well as other lettuce varieties, with side sauces including a sesame oil sauce and a hot sambal sauce.  Most important of all, they bring you a plate of "rice paper" things.You grill your meat to perfection.You lay out your veggies on the plate in front of you.  Insert a garlic and jalapeno pepper on top.... wait for your meat to cook fully.  Once it's done, take it off the grill, dunk it into the sesame oil sauce, take a rice wrapper and if you know how to wrap it with your chopsticks around this pile of stuff now just sitting on your plate, and take a small dunk into the hot sauce.  (If you do not know how to use chopsticks... well, I guess you'd have to regress and use your hands, or else I can't help you as I can't picture how one would do this with a fork?)You then put the whole thing in your mouth, moan and groan, savor the taste, swallow, only to do it all over again.YUMMY.And just when you think it cannot get better, they bring out the "dwaenjang jjigae" (soybean paste soup with veggies/clams) with a piping hot bowl of "mixed bean rice" to finish you off.  I have never had room leftover to really enjoy the jjigae, but if it tastes good to me even on a full stomach, I suspect it might be mind-blowing when hungry.  I doubt you can remain hungry though, after the first course.It's very filling, very freshly prepared, low on carbs in spite of the rice wrappers, and absolutely great in taste.  I could eat here every night of my life and never complain.So while their Tofu in itself is nothing to write home about (except to perhaps complain) and you can find much better Tofu Houses in Milpitas - -  their Dduk BoSsam is unbeatable, at least so far, in the Bay Area.  There are places in LA that are as comparable if not a bit better, but nothing in a 300 mile radius of SF.  Like a lot of places, you simply have to know WHAT to order WHERE... and at Four Seasons Tofu House, despite the name, you have to go with the BBQ.They can accomodate big groups or dining for two - and they have ample parking, no problems.  The standalone building is hidden off from the street, so it can be hard to spot but guaranteed, once you know where it is, you will never forget.  I have taken people here for their first time, and have consistently run into them on my following visits... The owner is almost always there, and fluent in English, and very social.  Sometimes, when they are very busy, there will be a wait and service is slow but given the fact that it's a family establishment, this is understandable.The saddest day of the week for me is Sunday - because they are closed.  And wouldn't you know it  --  every single week, come Sunday, I begin craving for my Four Seasons BBQ!!!Definitely worth trying!!!*****************************************4/2/2008:Knocking off a star today.Service has really gone downhill, as has their meat.  It's still my prefererred Dduk Bossam location in the Bay Area, but it doesn't even hover close to 5 stars now.3.75 rounded up to 4 stars.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2007,4/12/2007,80,153,2,5,8>I just tried the Papri Chaat today and my mouth is still singing from the happy flavors and textures.  Great recommendation!  I had no idea this was here, and I pass by this shopping center every day.  Right next to H&R Block and Hoot Judkins.  You can have Chaat while waiting for your taxes, and go home with some an unfinished end-table.2nd visit: I had the Papri Chaat again and this time it seemed to have a different mixture, but still the same sweet/crunchy/tart/spicy/creamy,refreshing sensation as the first time.  My bowl was swimming with the cold "soup" at the end, and I learned from watching my fellow aisle-diners today that you slurp it all down!Update:The food counter is only open Thursday-Sunday.  Didn't know this and wasted many trips to see an empty counter.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2007,4/11/2007,930,548,7,6,11>Uh yeah.I don't think there is any place in all of the San Francisco Bay Area where you can get a Spaghetti Sandwich. A Okonomiyake Sandwich?! What?! That's just unheard of! But it was there... so there.4 Stars. The food is all pre-made, I think it would be really cool if it was made-to-order, but don't get me wrong it is all still very, very good. Oh and the shop is in old rundown strip mall, which doesn't make the place look very appealing... but what you find inside is a true south bay treasure! And trust you me, there really aren't that many treasures in the South Bay!!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2007,4/9/2007,357,302,7,7,10>Good place for great views overlooking Pillar Point where the Mavericks break while eating their noteworthy Clam Chowder. I'd eat it for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. They also have good fries and burgers. It's kind of small-thus a fishtrap, ha ha, I'm so uber funny, but that adds to it's pirate captain appeal. Hug a bowl on a cold day, you won't be sorry.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,4/8/2007,201,444,2,11,8>My husband had to have surgery here, and I just want to describe my experience:Took him in and dropped him off. Got a call 30 minutes later from a nurse's aide, telling me that he was just going to go in and asked me how far away I was from the hospital. Then they timed their call back to me when he was finished, so that I'd arrive when he could come home. They told me to go ahead and park in the red zone, right by the door. When I got there, they knew who I was coming for without my having to say a word, and they were super friendly and gave me the rundown on what he could eat, when, etc. Then they carefully walked him out to my car, and set him inside.Super people, who are excellent communicators, and made the whole process an easy one for the both of us.Anthony's doing fine, thanks. :-)If you have to have any procedures done, this is a good place to go. They also have free valet parking, and with the construction going on over there, you might want to use it.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,4/30/2008,1260,803,23,29,32>I really needed to clear my thoughts today.    The more I thought about work and the upcoming weekend, the more my appetite grew.    I was hungry now.   I wanted something home cooked with rice with meat with more meat.and more rice.. and meat ....and a place away from work for lunch.    So I went on the Yelp Mobile on my IPhone:Typed in:   filipino foodLocation:  palo altoHit "Search" buttonWithin seconds, Tina's Kusina in Mountain View popped up with 14 reviews and 4.5 stars!!  WHOO-HOO!!!   This is the kind of change I needed today.   Set a course to the Mt. View sector!  WARP SPEED!!!youtube.com/watch?v=8d10Upon my arrival, I was greeted by Tina herself (the owner).    She's very hospitable and immediately starting in Taglish (Tagalog & English) and little bit of Ilocano (A dialect from the Northern Philippines)We conversed for bit - asked my family background and where I'm working at.   For a moment, I felt like I just entered my auntie's house.   So I immediately started acknowledging her as Manang (older sister in Ilocano) as I placed my lunch order.Bangus (Fried Milkfish)Again, I love fish.   This was freshly made and luke warm.    When you can smell from afar, you know its going to be good.    This is a big recommend to anyone that finds Filipino lumpia as an exciting dish.     Bangus is Milkfish that is deep fried with simple seasonings of salt and pepper.     This is a childhood favorite of mine.    And I'm happy to have found a place a few miles away from my work.      God I wish I found this place during Lent!    Bangus on Fridays definitely ROCKS!!!    Add the tomatoes and patis (Filipino fish sauce) and I'm good!Mungo (Mung Bean Soup)Thank you!  Thank you Auntie Tina!    I so love Mungo!   You Ilocanos know what I'm talking about!!!    She's has it here!!!   Served thicken with the right amount of texture, this is a creamy mung bean soup with vegetables and seafood.   On this serving there wasn't any shrimp, but I'm still okay with that since I had my bangus and my other favorite dish.    This was more of my appetizer to lunch.    Dinuguan (Pork Blood Stew)That's how hardcore Filipino I am!    Yes, Dinuguan for lunch!    Hands down, Manang Tina's Dinuguan dish is SUPREME!    For the sake of reader review, I'm going to skip the prep process for this traditional Filipino dish.    The right of amount vinegar, spicy jalapenos, and tender pork has set the standard for Filipino restaurants.  Five stars automatic!Free Rice Refills:  OH! You can't beat that!   Yes, you read that right!  Free rice refills!!!Serves lunch plates:  Yes!  And check out the current lunch specials:  $5.50 lunch plates!    Again, I support the other reviewers here... THIS IS WAY CHEAPER THAN GOLDILOCKS!   And its generous portions!   Also, no sit down menu here.  Its order at the display counter, pay at the register, find your table, and enjoy!Serves Various Filipino Items:  Yes!   Ever walk into one of those small item restaurants and they have about four to six items only for lunch?     Not here!   Manang Tina serves over 14 Filipino dishes for lunch.   And I'm not talking about longanisas and silog plates... I'm talking about the dishes you'll find at a Filipino Party:   Pork and Chicken Adobo, Kare Kare, Pork Menudo, Kaldereta Beef, Chicken and Beef Afritada, Pancit, Lumpia (both regular and Shanghai), Tocino (beef steak style), and one of my holy favorites Pinapaitan!!!Serves Halo-Halo:   This is going to be a treat when Summer arrives!   Who wants one?   I'll buy you one on Fridays!Dining Attire:   You can dress up if you want, but I prefer to dine in my shorts and slippers here.   Feel right at home.Did you eat Kamayan Style* again Walt?   Oh Hell yeah!  You Know Me!!!   Just wash the hands before I get back to work.Needs "People Love Us On Yelp Sticker" on the door?   Yes!  Connie!  Send several doors stickers to Manang Tina!Great for UYE's:  This can be a challenge since the place is rather small for a large group of 20 or more.Special thank you to Tina.   I'm bringing my kaibigans from work next week!   This is going to be a great relationship!I'm happy that I was able to clear my thoughts today with home cook Filipino dishes.  I can now move ahead for great intentions tomorrow.Hey Mika....Sha.....   Next week?   My treat!Kamayan Style*ehow.com/how_3805_eat-fi
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,4/29/2008,376,534,11,15,17>Imagine it's 80 degrees outside with a light breeze.  You're sitting around a shaded outdoor table with your loved ones, drinking delicious Malay iced tea, eating roti dipped in curry, chatting between bites of green papaya salad tossed with a tamarind sauce.  The server comes over periodically to check on you.  He makes great recommendations and smiles.  The Sarang Seafood dish comes.  It's seafood and vegetables which have been ladeled over a fried nest of taro-- soft on the inside, crispy on the outside.   The pad thai wasn't impressive, but everything else was pretty decent, so you let it slide.A great way to spend a Saturday afternoon, right?  Yep.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2008,4/28/2008,109,213,22,12,14>i want me some make-loving. so i came here to join a group of cool south bay yelpers. how 'bout that?!Wednesday's 1/2 off Big Daddy. 3 patties 3 slices of cheese. omg. all in 1 pound.  i finished 2/3 of that 1 pound. chased down with root beer. pure heaven for 30 minutes...and a whole week of hell. it's like having bad sex...where it's good to have sex, but the sex isn't good. i did it in private...i know you yelpers wanted to watch...but, how 'bout that?
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/27/2008,337,1041,4,15,14>I highly recommend Sky High as a destination for a group of people looking to have fun and willing to get sweaty.  The location is easy to get to and features a huge room covered in trampolines (even diagonally placed ones so you can bounce off the walls) as well as a separate room for dodge ball, a kids' area and a foam pit.A look at their website will give you a good idea of what it will be like: jumpskyhigh.comThings to know:  You will want to leave all your valuables in the car or at home, so that your pockets are empty.  They allow laced up shoes or bare feet, but not just socks.  My friend in bare feet complained of jumping on little bits of debris, so I would recommend the socks and shoes option.  You can bring a camera inside, but you can't take it on the trampolines, so if you're planning on jumping, you probably don't want it.  There seems to always be a line for dodgeball.You have to sign a standard waiver (saying you won't sue them if you get hurt).  It is $9 for an hour and an hour is plenty exhausting.  My 2-year-old was then only one of our party of 10 that jumped for the entire hour.  Preteens and teens will want two hours.They have a TV where you can watch people jumping, which is a fun idea.They have a 45 minute aerobics class.  They have deals for groups and parties.  They also offer a Toddler Tuesday special that I'm looking forward to.  It is $5 for your toddler and $5 for you the parent, and grants you access from 11am-2pm.Try it!  It's worth the $9 to see if it's your cup of tea.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,4/26/2008,615,556,12,20,20>After living in LA for a few years, I really miss it now that I'm back in NorCal.  Well, Downtown Campbell is getting more and more LA everyday--in a no-smog sort of way.Twist Cafe would totally fit in on Rodeo Drive: Outdoor seating on a warm spring day, higher than average prices, designer sunglasses and handbags galore.However, it's the fresh ingredients, personable chefs, and intriguing dishes that give this restaurant a fresh "twist" on the competition. Savory and sweet crepes, rotisserie chicken raviolis and delectible roasted veggies (among many others) set Twist apart. I only wish it had more seating. It's so busy at lunchtime, I can rarely go since even though I work right down the block...finding a table and waiting for your food takes up too much time. Damn. I wish people would have kept this place on the DL!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2008,4/25/2008,537,770,22,15,13>Going to this place and trying to sell clothes is like... building up the courage to tell your major crush that you like him. Only for him to tell you that he doesn't think of you in that way, and that he is seeing someone else who is ugly and old. That's exactly the level of embarressment I felt when I took my clothes in.CROSSROADS, why don't you love me!?!??!I love my clothes. I can literally flash back to every moment where I bought something or every good moment I've had when wearing a certain piece of clothing, so for me to take my clothes in to sell... it was like baring my soul to someone, to say at some point in time I have worn this. Only to get terribly rejected by the lady saying all my stuff is really old. Then while waiting I was looking around the racks, and it's just like. What? You bought this old stuff and you won't buy my stuff? My stuff is way cuter, younger, and hipper than this.*sigh* nevertheless the place was clean well decorated and had a lot of high end stuff. It didn't smell musky, like other places. And was buzzing with a lot of people.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,4/24/2008,97,206,28,21,19>My first foot ORGASM!!!!Although I am a veteran at the traditional deep tissue massage, this was my first foot massage experience.  And now I'm on a quest to find the best foot massage in the area.This place just opened, so I was the only one there on a Thursday morning.  The place is clean & well-ventilated.  There are some partitions, so there is a little bit of privacy if it's not too crowded. The head guy is named Jimmy...if you speak Vietnamese or Chinese, then you should speak it to him.  He speaks English too...but a little bit difficult to understand.  My female therapist (who spoke no English) brought me back to a comfy recliner & brought over  a tub of warm water to soak my feet in.  She rapped my feet up and started with a head & neck massage.  I was skeptical at first because the pressure was a little light.  But, things got much better!When she unwrapped my feet and started on the pressure points....WOW!  I could feel the rush of serotonin being released and flooding my synapses.  You know the feeling when your head starts to tingle?  Yeah, that's it....natural ecstasy.  Did I just say that?After 25 minutes on each foot, I thought we were done...but to my delight, she motioned for me to flip over.  This comfy recliner goes back all the way to lay flat.  And there is a hole in the headrest for your face!  Cool!  So, she did a full body massage for another 10 minutes.  She even massaged my ass!All in all...a great experience  & only $20!!!!!!!  This woman worked hard.  So I gave her a $10 tip.  Keep in mind that these therapists probably only get their tips...so don't be cheap!  Next time I'm only gonna wear shorts & a tank top.  All the layers I was wearing today were just getting in the way.  Or I'll just go naked....even better.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2007,4/23/2008,110,27,4,14,13>naming no names, *cough*mami*cough* someone was poking me to write a review of Satura... after 3 months of my last review.OK.. .so I've been busy.Anyways, this review is not about their tasty cream puffs, or their superb strawberry shortcakes, or even their pastries or breads.  You can all ready about it here from others, or, yet, go to the store and try them yourselves.I have a little secret.  OK, not so secret.  You can custom order cakes here like everywhere else.  I've had to opportunity to order two custom cakes, both for friends' birthdays.One was of a penguin.  All I requested was a simple drawing of one.  Out came the prettiest drawing, with snowflakes, snowballs, and a snow mountain. WOW.If that wasn't enough, I ordered a baseball themed cake for my friend who loves baseball.  All I requested was a baseball theme, and out came this gorgeous baseball with bat and glove.  My friend was gleaming after he saw it.Thank you Satura for making our birthdays more memorable!BTW, I uploaded both cake pictures.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,4/22/2008,162,293,17,15,14>I just had one of the best dining experiences of my LIFE here. Oh, Fiesta Del Mar. With my rudimentary Spanish skills (gato is cat, cabrito is a cute little goat), I understand this to mean "party by/of/in/at the sea". Their menu features many yummy-looking shrimp dishes, but that's all the sea I saw.We came here per the suggestion a friend who has yet to disappoint me in his food recommendations, and somehow, I managed to convince my friends to listen to me for once. The five of us had to wait a little (their seating area is much better suited for smaller parties), but it wasn't more than fifteen minutes or so. When we were seated by our lovely host Luis, we decided to share two pitchers of margaritas, one blended strawberry ($26) and one regular (uh, "regular" doesn't really cover it, the have SO many tequilas) for $22. Between two lightweights, two alcoholics in training, and a dentist (that's the only way I can describe him), we all managed to get those rosy cheeks and giggly smiles by the end of our meal. And they were very, very tasty. For entrees, three of us got the two enchilada combo plate that comes with rice and beans ($14 each), one got a single enchilada combo ($9, I think), and one got a kids plate quesadilla. I really liked that she just got carded for her drink, then proceeded to order a kids plate. That's awesome. The food was really good and totally worth the price. The enchilada sauce was up to my very picky standards (not too thick, good flavor-not too spicy or bland), the rice was delicious, and my favourite part was the little cup of beans topped with a dash of cheese. The top looked slightly bruleed, how cute ! The food was good, the drinks were strong, but what really made me love this place is due to the fact that our meal was punctuated by the most random, inappropriate comments from a boisterous woman at an adjacent table. We actually started writing them down, and I will share a few with you : "MY COUSIN'S MOTHER, WHO IS ALSO HER AUNT, SHE HAD BREAST CANCER"."WHEN MY MOTHER WAS DYING OF OVARIAN CANCER..."(Seriously, I don't even talk about cancer at dinner, and I am a total Debbie Downer 24/7). "FOR EUROPEANS, NEW YORK IS LIKE A MECCA RIGHT NOW. THE EURO IS LIKE 1.30 TO THE DOLLAR""NEW YORK IS BOOBMING[sic]". "IN THE JEWISH RELIGION, WHEN YOU DIE, SOMEONE COMES AND SITS WITH YOUR BODY. EVEN THOUGH YOU'RE DEAD, SOMEONE SITS WITH YOU. IT'S VERY PEACEFUL". And, my personal favourite, "SOME PEOPLE DON'T GET TO BE HAPPY AT THE END OF THEIR LIVES". Seriously the funniest possible conversation that we couldn't help but overheard; we couldn't even get our own conversation going, that's how loud this woman was. But I'm not complaining, cos those margaritas were good and that woman was freakin' hilarious.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,4/21/2008,224,712,16,27,23>Donuts and ice cream 24 hours a day. Seriously, what else do you need to know?Total hole in the wall, Queen's is easy to pass up as you drive along Race or Park. But if you manage to spot it and go in...you're pleasantly surprised.Love their glazed, super big and puffy with not too sweet of a taste. Chocolate old fashioned is the right combo of dry and moist. Yummy lickalicious donut frostings. Takes credit cards.I've never tried their ice cream because I always forget they have it....so hopefully one day, I'll update with that.Service is fast and friendly, I am typically in and out in less than 3 minutes. Donut drive-by.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/1/2007,1/27/2008,373,308,9,9,7>Went here on a whim when my friend asked me for a suggestion for a spot for his b-day dinner.  It was a joke suggestion really, as my answer to a lot of questions these days tends to be Hooter's, b00bs, or something equally as immature.Having dreaded the experience up to gametime, it actually turned to not be all that bad really.  There was a nice neighborly atmosphere, friendly service, food that didn't make me vomit, and $2 Buds in the special Hooter's orange edition bottles.Even on a Friday night at 8pm we were able to get our group of 20 in with zero wait.  No complaints there at all.Come here with lowered expectations and maybe you too won't be horribly disappointed.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2008,1/26/2008,224,712,3,10,8>One of the area's cutest little gift shop, hands down. I don't even know how to classify a place like this except that it's all that cutesy home stuff you never knew you needed, and really don't...but once you have it...suddenly you wonder how your (insert room here) looked as fabulous without it.So that's why this is THE place I come if I have a super-picky or 'already has everything' friend to shop for...I can always find something at Fleurish. The shop itself is tiny and things are jam-packed in every nook and cranny. Be sure to start at the front and go slowly through that you don't miss anything, small treasures can lurk in unsuspecting corner niches!Never had a bad experience here..I always come out with my gift AND a little somethin' for myself...and their little gift wrapped boxes are super cute too. One comment, if the shop is crowded when you go in, expect to wait in line at the register and if someone is having something wrapped, prepare to wait even longer...this is not the place to go if you have a 'quick 5 min' to spare.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,1/25/2008,576,494,10,13,16>I'm not going to call it doodoo, and I am also not going to say this is a good place to go if you're a single girl and you don't like to be relentlessly bothered.  What I will say is that Voodoo showcases the best DJs in the Bay Area with their bi-weekly Saturday party Music Machine.  I don't go out much so I can't honestly compare it to other places.  If you care about the quality of music you dance to while you drink then Voodoo should be your spot. You wont hear strictly Wild 94.9 hits at this place what you will hear are some pretty genius song combinations and solid guest DJs.  Don't come to this place expecting to stand around in a frou frou lounge atmosphere as the name suggests. Definitely expect to dance till you sweat.There might be a little bias in this review but the truth is, having heard DJs in different parts of the country, namely Manhattan, it seems that good DJing has fallen by the wayside and has been replaced by bad mash-ups and overnight Serato DJs. These guys have put in their work and it comes across in their solid three hour plus dance party sets.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2007,1/24/2008,304,350,25,18,17>san jose has never been able to successfully figure out "fine dining".  which is why for the most part my evenings out consist of one of three things: enchiladas at tlaquepaque, curry from trials pub, or mussels from naglee park garage.  the "fine dining" outings are usually reserved for the city.  and believe me, when i found out that arcadia was located inside the MARRIOT downtown, i pretty much vowed i'd never go there.  well, that's until i heard they fried an ENTIRE chicken in duck fat and served it with truffled mac n' cheese (which may as well be a fucking food group as far as i'm concerned) it was also the start to my man's birthday week, so we threw caution to the wind and went to party at the san jose marriot with the likes of "bill from accounting" and "karen from h.r."  i will tell you that we ALMOST didn't eat there.  we walked in and the place looked like the interior of a starbucks or the first class lounge at an airport.  to boot, the hostess barely acknowledged us,  but the lure of fried chicken and sheer laziness kept us there.  i really believe this is a SERIOUS issue for the restaurant.  they have ZERO ambiance and ZERO character and it really feels like the investment restaurant it is and not a labor of love.  but anyway, on to the food...IT WAS FREAKING AMAZING.  seriously, like i could have cried.  we started with the shrimp cocktail, big, fat juicy little suckers that were cooked so perfectly, we almost placed a second order!  then they wheeled out that dirty, dirty chicken.  it was seasoned so simply, maybe sea salt, pepper, a little rosemary...  oh my lord.  they then proceeded to drizzle what i think was a heavily reduced duck consomme all over it...  this was the kind of poultry mash-up that would bring a tear to paul prudhomme's eye- en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pa  the truffled mac' n cheese was the best version of this i've ever had and i think i've had it just about everywhere it's served in the tri-county area.dessert i got to pick, and much to my man's chagrin i chose the melted chocolate cake with salted caramel ice cream. i guess he always associates chocolate lava cake with t.g.i fridays... anyhoo the combination of the sweet and savory made him a believer and had him singing my praises! do not miss this!so basically this is NOT the place you'd go for a romantic "let's get drunk, cuddle and make out between courses" date, but more a "let's eat some seriously tasty food and pretend we're not really inside of a marriot" date.  although we ended up getting drunk and making out anyway, because we are just that classy.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2007,1/23/2008,237,131,12,13,14>porridge is comfort food for me.  when i was little....when i got sick or when the weather is cold, my mom would always make porridge for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  porridge works like wonders, whether its plain porridge, yam porridge, pork bone flavored porridge, thousand year egg porridge or chicken porridge; it never fails to satisfy my tummy - everytime.porridge place is located in cupertino mall plaza with mostly asian restaurants and shops.  we heard it was really good through a relative so i was excited to finally be able to check out this little taiwanese joint.....there were about 10-15 tables, and a bar of 20 items on the menu - you order before you sit down and they bring it to your table for you.  every table gets a large bowl of yam porridge (4-5 bowls worth of porridge, and i believe you can have unlimited portions).  on weekdays, you can order 3 items for $5.50 to eat with your porridge.  on weekends and holidays, such as today, they charge by the item (you can order as many dishes as you want, but you can only choose one item per dish).  i saw a lot of items i liked but between the four of us, we only ordered 5 dishes.  they were a good-sized portion.  we would have ordered more but we all had a late breakfast.  this list is in the order of my favorites:        (1) thin strips of bean curd (sounds boring but tastes delicious)(2) duck (very light and flavorful - not oily @ all, just the way i like it)(3) squid (was a bit hesitant at first, but it was very flavorful - also, a very popular dish)(4) chicken gizzards (a little tougher than i would like, but still good)(5) triangle-shapped aged tofu (this was my least favorite, didn't quite dig the flavor)speaking of porridge, i like eating pizza with porridge!  yah, it's a weird combination some people say, but i like it.  a bite of pizza and a spoonful of porrige, a bite of pizza and a spoonful of porridge, you get the idea....or sometimes, on my lazy days when i don't want to get my hands dirty, i cut the pizza into pieces and dump it into a hot bowl of plain porridge.  if you decide to try it, let me know whatcha think, i won't hold it against you if you don't like it  :)everyone loved this restaurant and would definitely come back again!!  i wish there was something like this in san francisco!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2007,1/21/2008,853,724,15,7,9>I walked in with the hopes of finding a present for a friend's upcoming birthday.           I didn't find her present but...                      I did walk out with a new purse.  Shh.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,1/19/2008,87,62,4,9,8>I'm totally infatuated with anything egyptian.  I didn't realize that San Jose actually HAD an egyptian museum until a few years ago.  I decided to go and it was one of the interesting places Ive been to.  They do have authentic egyptian artifacts as well as a real mummy yay!its not too expensive and if you go durning the weekday theres hardly anyone there surprisingly.The gift shop doesnt offer much the the atmosphere is way cool!If your a history buff or if you just like to see old things this is the place!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,1/18/2008,1259,548,27,19,27>I bought a great book called THE SCIENCE OF STAR WARS because of two reasons...1) I'm a huge spaz.2) My students asked me a question about seeing colors in space because they saw the PBS television show based on this very book.  The question the kids asked was "can you see colors in space?"  Seems easy enough to answer, right?However, I was officially stumped .  I couldn't figure out how to answer it in ten year old Dragon Ball Z dialect, so I asked the almighty, all knowing Talk Thread dwellers for help.  The first three posts were innocent enough, and then Mr. Troll number eighty million and one says..."DUH.  Um...yes, you can see colors in space.  You're a TEACHER?!"Suddenly, the hatred snowballed.  I got quite a few pm's, and lots of information...not about how to explain to a fifth grader about colors in space...but how STUPID I was, and that I was a terrible teacher and human being and should be shot out INTO space, colors or not.  I take full blame for the massacre.  What fool would post on a thread a reasonable question and expect a reasonable response?  Not I.   I was schooled by a slew of "Just a Note" compliments.  I'll be getting my information from reliable sources that won't tell me what a dumb ass n00b I am.   BOOKS.Book Buyers was heaven sent to me at just the right time.  I had been jaded by the harsh reality of a huge cyber world of hate and cynicism, and needed to be welcomed into the warm embrace of old, used books.  No matter how big the world becomes, nothing will be able to replace the comfort of holding a hardback book in your hands...a good read makes everything a little more enlightened, I think.Although people tell me the Internet is still good for some things...like porn that makes you want to poke your eyes out with a sharp stick.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2008,1/17/2008,449,368,13,28,21>It was a sad day for all of us South County fans of Asian "healthy dessert" when Desserts Zone (yelp.com/biz/desserts-zo) shut its doors for good a few months back. From that point on, to satisfy our cravings, we had to either trek all the way down to Milpitas or venture up to Oakland for what amounted to dishes not even half as tasty. It got to the point where many of us just gave up entirely.Well, fear not, my friends. The day has finally come that a worthy replacement has graced our presence, and its name is 37 C Dessert Cafe. The second branch of the popular location on Taraval in SF, 37 C is what you would call an HK style dessert shop in the same vein as Hui Lau Shan (yelp.com/biz/creations-d), 100% Healthy Dessert (yelp.com/biz/100-healthy), and Break Time (yelp.com/biz/breaktime-d).However, I doubt any of them can boast such a substantial menu so thick, it would give War and Peace a run for its money. My favorite Yelper and I just sat there, and flipped and flipped and flipped through all the pages. After ten minutes, we still had the darndest time trying to narrow down our choices. In addition to being endless, the bills of fare are all snazzed up, complete with pictures in full color. If you ever come in, and the menus are soaking wet, I sincerely apologize. Practically all of your tried and true favorites are readily available, as well as a few unique items. Here is a small sampling:-"Zodiac" drinks (different flavors for horoscope signs)-Mixed fruit papaya boat with sago-Mango black pearl barley with coconut milk-Strawberry/banana/mango gi gi-Pumpkin glutinous rice sweet soup-Banana creme brulee-Osmanthus jello with mango-Mango pudding-Egg puffs-Waffles with various fruits and ice cream-Glutinous sesame dumplings with various toppings-Various fried snack food items-Various noodle dishes (ramen, udon, etc.)*Whew* Please, let me give my fingers a rest now! I may sound like a broken record, but I must reiterate... the selection here at 37 C is absolutely massive, and from what I have tried so far, you really can't go wrong with whatever your heart desires.Furthermore, to promote the "healthy dessert" concept, many of the offerings contain one or more of the following:-Tadpole (not exactly sure what this consists of) - improves brain development and aids in the growth of strong bones and teeth-Aloe vera - helps slow the aging process and increases immune function to ward off diseases-Coral weed - has the effect of lowering cholesterol and improving vision-Honey pearl - promotes a healthy digestive tract and weight controlBest of all, if you ever have a late night craving, no need to worry because doors are open until 11 pm on weeknights, and 1 am on Fri and Sat nights. The staff is friendly and efficient, and on our most recent visit in the twilight hours, we counted a whopping 8, yes... EIGHT employees manning the shop, so you know the service is guaranteed to be quick.If there is one fault to 37 C, I must say that the decor is a bit plain compared to some of its competitors. Perhaps, I just got spoiled from the exquisite designs over at Dessert Republic (yelp.com/biz/dessert-rep). Seating capacity is 45 max, with the perfect amount of spacing between tables to provide maximum comfort whilst chomping away on your bowl of sago with a mango ice cream waffle on the side.As any other loyal customer would, I stuck with the now defunct Desserts Zone until the bitter end, and prayed that one day, its legacy would be resurrected. Like the phoenix rising from the ashes, 37 C has now brought us a new life, and hope for nothing but dessert bliss for many years to come.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2007,1/16/2008,622,448,9,17,16>Note:  This review does not include the amphitheater/music venue.I checked this park out for rollerblading purposes...I really hadn't had time to find a place good for rollerblading since I moved back to CA until recently, and I think this place will do nicely for that!  So, I originally checked out the site caskating.com for info and did a trial walk to check out inclines/steepness & smoothness of the course.  If you do a loop that's described on the website, it's about 3 miles.  They have it listed on the website that I checked out as 7 miles, which is incorrect; trust me, I can't walk or run 7 miles in less than an hour!  If you follow the loop described, there is 1 rather steep area going downhill near the water if you head away from the parking lot.  The path that follows the road through the park is pretty smooth and pretty flat.  So, for me, I think I'll be blading from the parking lot by the Aquatic Center to the park entrance along the path that follows the road and back instead of doing the loop.  There's more paved paths near the Aquatic Center too, with one going by a children's play area.  Oh yeah, there is a wooden bridge to go over if you head back towards the entrance of the park...my least favorite part...I've learned to go fast (relatively speaking) so you get over the bumps without falling.So, this is a good place for rollerblading, walking, running, & biking.  There's also a bunch of seabirds, egrets, pelicans, ducks, & geese too.  My first visit, I got distracted by the egrets I spotted under the bridge--I so wish I had my camera that day!  Oh yeah, so that means watch out for goose poop...it's not too bad.So, the Aquatic Center is located on a lake, & it looks like you can rent paddleboats, kayaks, rowboats, canoes, bicycles, windsurfers, sailboats.  Lakeside Cafe is also located there.  It looks like there are bathrooms there too.The Rengstorff House, a Victorian mansion is located in the park too...I have yet to take a tour to check out the interior (I've got a thing for interesting architecture).Other stuff in the park:  golf course, restaurant (Michael's)Admission is free!I have to admit still miss my favorite rollerblading route at Stony Creek park...most of it very smooth, a 6 mile loop around a lake, & not too steep...reviewed here:  yelp.com/biz/iBH9FJuIzUDThat's another thing to add to my list of things I miss about Michigan (I never thought I'd say that).
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/31/2013,136,162,8,14,11>Bow down to the #ombrequeen - mystylistMY - the master of hair color.I've been going to her for over a year now. It started with her transitioning me from a light brunette to a blondie. Then, I changed my mind and wanted to be a brunette. After a death in the family, I dyed my hair a semi-permanent black (thank god! because I hated it so much). It faded to a really really dark brown, and that's when I new I had to go see My again to fix it. We did a full head of highlights and a base lightening. Most recent pics are in the photo album =)Anyway, I recommend her to all my friends, especially those that want ombre or bayalage. She is a master colorist and I trust her talent and expertise to no end. She is also extremely down to earth and we always have a fun time chatting and having girl talk. We also joke about how 2 hours is the limit. If your hair takes more time than that, then everybody gets cranky =)My-Phuong never compromises my hair's health just because I am indecisive and can't figure out what color I want it. You can image what kind of hell my hair has been through from going back and forth between black and blonde. But My always takes care of my hair.*bows down to the #ombrequeen*
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,12/30/2013,261,748,6,8,6>Island girllllllll!OMG Yum yum yum, that's all I can say about Grub Shack!My friends took me here a few months ago before we hit Happy Hour at Chacho's.  I got the kahlua pork sliders with kahlua pork fries--HEAVEN.  Thankfully everyone else ordered other stuff so I got to steal other foods also.  :D  I was so happy, I was in kahlua piggy heaven!Fast forward a few months and I took my Hubs and our friend there (who had unfortunately missed the original experience).  Now the first time I came here, I was with 4 other people.  This time there were only 3 of us, but I didn't want Hubs and my friend to miss out, so we still ordered everything.  Kahlua sliders, tacos, loco moco, and fries.... YUM YUM YUM.  Everything was wonderfully cooked, flavorful, and HUMONGOUS portions.Bad news, we were stuffed and needed to be rolled out in body bags.  But you know what?  What a way to go!#Yelp100Challenge
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,12/29/2013,562,163,5,10,10>Their dinner buffet is a great freakin' deal. I think it was around $11 per person, which includes naan. However, if you want something other than plain naan, such as garlic naan, I believe it's an extra dollar...Heck, next time I go I'm going to live a little and splurge for the garlic naan (and you should too)!They didn't have a HUGE selection but what they did offer more than sufficed and was pretty delicious. I went a while back so I forgot everything I ate, but the two things that definitely stood out were the Chicken Tikka Masala and Tandoori Chicken. If you're craving Indian and want to stuff your face with it, then I would recommend coming here. Even though I've moved away from this area, I'd still probably come back here for my Indian Buffet fix. :)
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,12/28/2013,175,385,7,7,4>Considering the type of food served and the location, LB Steak is actually a reasonable approximation of a high end steakhouse, and while you will still spend a pretty penny, it's very good value.  - Ambiance (3/5)For the price I'm paying, I expected the steakhouse ambiance to be either super refined or eclectically rustic.  It's neither, and this is a missed opportunity.- Service (4/5)The service is top notch and not overbearing, though the waiter did stumble when describing the oysters-- breaking news...these particular ones were apparently briny because they were from the sea!  - Bread, FREE (5/5)When bread warrants a review, you know it's great.  Piping hot, crispy crust, soft and thick inside.  I almost saw myself skipping the steak... almost.- 2011 Haden Fig, Willamette Valley, Oregon Pinot Noir, $14 (5/5)On its own, this pinot noir is a little too bold for my taste, but the fantastic bright berry and floral notes were just complex enough to stand up to the steak.- 4 Oysters, $11 (4/5)These Washington oysters were described as briny and meaty, with a creamy finish.  I didn't quite detect the brininess, but they were in fact meaty and creamy.  Maybe they weren't really from the sea!  Shucked cleanly and paired with an unexpectedly delightful mignonette.  Minus one because I really don't believe any oyster should cost $2.75. - 12 oz Prime Dry Aged Ribeye, $47.50 (4/5)$47.50 is a steep price to pay for any meal, but this steak was worth it.  The caramelized shallots were chock full of flavor and a total surprise.  I was, however, disappointed with the presentation (served in a skillet).  Even though the meat was up to expectations--lots of marbling, perfectly medium rare, great seasoning--the presentation made me feel like I was eating something just a little less than amazing.  With such high priced items, nuances count.        - Sauteed Mushrooms, $7.25 (5/5)Typically, sauteed mushrooms in steakhouses are just your run-of-the-mill supermarket white mushrooms.  LB includes a wide mixture of mushrooms with varying textures and flavors.  I would return to LB just to order the mushrooms.  Yes, they were that good.Just a random aside.  Go to a steakhouse with someone who can demolish a steak.  It's just not as satisfying sitting across from someone who eats a few bites and stops.  My date came in a tight mini-dress and heels, so I get that she was probably pretty worried about her figure.  While that's flattering, you're in a steakhouse and I'm paying for your meal!  Finish that damn steak.  Count me in for a 2nd visit.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,12/27/2013,77,119,10,9,9>How much do I love Wicked Chicken?  Enough to make it my 100th Yelp Review, that's how much!  Enough that when I was laying in my hospital bed a week ago, waiting to go up for surgery, all I could think of was, "I wonder if I can have Wicked Chicken later?"  Now don't ask me about their chicken wings, because I don't care for chicken wings.  As far as hot sauce is concerned, nooo thank you.  What I am a huge fan of is their Chicken Tenders.  We're not talking teeny tiny Chicken McNugget crap.  We're talking at least a 1/4 of a chicken breast each.  Minimum.  You may look at the board and think, "Three tenders or five?"  Go with three.  I can barely eat two.  They're deep fried.  Not greasy.  Sauces include teriyaki, honey mustard (it's not on the board but they have it), ranch and BBQ.And to go with your tenders you must try the fries.  I didn't expect them to be half as good as they were.  They're very similar to Five Guys fries.  Num.  There's also a small selection of craft beer on tap.  And of course, more television screens than you can shake a tender at.Wicked Chicken is definitely worth checking out.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,12/26/2013,2665,2597,11,12,12>Om. Nom. Nom. Nomity. Nom.I think after I discovered this place, I literally had a Tay Ho obsession for about three months where I would come back sometimes twice a week.Yeah. It was that bad. I don't know, I can't get over how cheap and delicious and plentiful everything is! I think I have an addiction to bun thit nuong. They just do an especially great job here. I also like their spring rolls, but whatever it's all about the bun thit nuong!!! I want to eat my arm again. That means you MUST come here. Plus they have Yelp deals! Dirt cheap good food + Yelp deals = Awesome.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/25/2013,230,35,17,14,8>Billy, Tan, Khuong & Vi are a fierce foursome to encounter.  Vi's fiery red hair and personality greet you upon entering this immaculately kept boutique of body modification.  The three amigos of Billy, Tan and Khuong are either working on drawings for upcoming clients or bashing each other for being Instagram whores.  This group works hard and plays harder. On to the work I got today yo.  Tan started to refurbish my decade old back piece today.  The table I was instructed to sprawl out on was saran wrapped oh so neatly like mom's casserole for travel to a neighbor's abode.  After changing into my beau's button-up, Tan set up 3 partitions to prevent creeper glares.  Huge endorsement goes to Tan and his tattooing skills because not a SINGLE DROP OF BLOOD left my precious body.  Note: The first time I got my back done, I bled like a virgin for sacrifice. Breaks for potty, pooing and thirst are taken easily without fear of time crunch deadlines.  My tattoo is solid black and Tan surely delivered the blackout I've been feening.  One session today and am ready to kill my second session with Tan and the crew in two weeks, get excited for my return guys!   The tattoo area was fresh and clean to death as well brohams.  Want to be one of the cool kids?  Get tatted at New Generations and disappoint your elders to the point of being taken out the will.  You know you want to.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,12/24/2013,183,163,6,11,11>If you're a huge fan of banh beo, a steamed white starchy rice cake topped with mung bean, dried shrimp, and fried scallions, this is definitely the place to go. A small tray of banh beo is supposed to have 55 pieces for just $5. The medium tray is 110 pieces for $10. And the large tray has 220 pieces for $20. I think it's completely worth it. The banh beo are smaller than the ones you see in restaurants but they are quite delicious with fish sauce. It is very flavorful and freshly made so it's still warm when you get it.They also sell banh day, which I haven't seen anywhere else, or at least, ones that look like this. They look like vermicelli noodle wrapped around in a shell like design. It's very chewy and I think I prefer them more than the banh beo. These noodles are also topped with fried scallions, dried shrimp, and mung bean. It is also eaten with fish sauce. This is sold $5 per pound.You can also get a vegetarian option for the same price. Yum! I definitely recommend this place to people who love Vietnamese appetizers. The store is really small. It's a carry out only place. So I do suggest that you call ahead and place your orders otherwise you'll have to wait awhile before you get what you want. They have a lot of customers and people are always waiting around near the counter for their order. The best thing about this place is that all the orders are fresh. I suggest coming early because once they run out of material, they do close early.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/23/2013,1259,56,20,32,29>Christmas in the Park in San Jose, California is a very kid friendly, romantic couples, seasonal light-hearted fun with the girls or guys, and family place to be! I was born and raised in San Jose, CA. When I was a little girl, my parents used to take me here every year. I still have those childhood memories of walking around with the family. Then, as I got older I rarely went anymore. Now, I have a child of my own, therefore, I go every year with my son and family. It's almost like a holiday tradition now ^_^. Christmas in the Park is from after Thanksgiving Day to New Years Day. We usually take pictures at the same attractions. My favorite are the teddy bear, Hawaiian frogs, board cutouts where you stick your face in the hole, and the beautiful gingerbread house display at The Fairmont (creations change every year)! My son loves the fake snow machine that shoots out soap suds from up above. There are fixtures attached to poles throughout the park. However, if you arrive too late, there will be no more snow falling. And my goodness, I always have to remind him to not stick out his tongue! Soap not Snow! Carnival rides are fun too :) There are rides for adults and young children. For sweet treats, there are churros, hot chocolate, etc. & vendors all around. I like the pretty light up toys too like the multi-lighted swords. Pretty changing lights are cool. All in all, come to enjoy the chilly night. Stroll briskly and enjoy seeing all the beautiful displays & pretty Christmas trees decorated by many different schools and organizations. Go on carnival rides and/or ice skate away the night under the stars and palm trees at downtown San Jose's Circle of Palms Plaza. Remember to see the Fairmont's gingerbread house display. Perfect place for picture taking too alongside beautiful Christmas trees! Here's a link to 6 pictures at the Fairmont San Jose yelp.com/biz_photos/the-Be sure to dress warm with jackets, warm coats, scarves, gloves, or mittens! And of course, be sure to bring your camera! Also, remember to turn flash on and off in different dim lighted areas or set to night mode or low lighting settings in order to take the best picture!
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,12/22/2013,1078,821,23,27,25>Betraying Orenchi and I feel awful. Not!!! Why Kotetsu is awesome:1) No long wait to the point of getting grumpy. Can sit wherever you like if you come early. 2) Try Chasiu ramen for those carnivore lover. They be hooking you up with hella meat. I'm fine with my Kotetsu ramen (two slices of meat, I'm good). 3) Avocado Cashu bun and gyoza is an excellent starter. Skip the fried oyster. 4) Cute attentive waitress is always a plus. I am digging Kotetsu A LOT!  Ramen worthy.  I honestly didn't want to to write a review for this place to keep it on the DL. Sorry for being selfish and not wanting to tell people about it. =X
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,11/13/2010,375,196,7,9,8>Very good baked empinatas and pleasant summertime outdoor eating area.  I have to say that from the samples offered (Tri-Tip, Corn and onion, Pizza, Ham and Cheese) that I loved the Tri-Tip the best.  No news there for those that know my carnivoraculous appetite.  I can't say enough about the outdoor layout of the place.  The indoor looked nice as well but to be outdoors on one of the last summer late afternoon, evenings in the shade of another building when the temp was hitting about 90' was perfect.  A couple of landing aircraft and a firetruck made some noise, but that is the trivial noise you get anywhere in San Jose outside.  I appreciated the cute fountain structure they had with flowing water.  Made me feel cooler just by looking at it.Back to the food.  Aside from the baked (yay baked!) empinatas, they had salads and their own version of Ranch dressing and Raspberry Vinaigrette.  I don't normally like any vinaigrette but I loved this one.  I'm a raspberry fan though so that probably had a lot to do with it.If I could have added anything (and please don't kill me for saying this) I would have had some Tabasco or other kind of hot sauce available.  For this evening though and for the ability of actually tasting what I was eating, it was better there was no hot sauce.  The flavors of these Emps are wonderful without and it's my own masochistic nature that demands bringing the heat.I recommend this place for Friday after work and weekend easy bites.  There is a convenient parking garage right across the street as well as the back lot parking of the San Pedro establishments just down the road.Staff?  Friendly and smiles.  Someone probably fed them an empinada prior to the opening :)
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2010,11/12/2010,942,857,10,16,14>This is a place where you go primarily for the xiao long bao. The hot broth that seeps out of the pockets of hand made dumpling wrapper was what xlb is all about. The flavors of creamy flavorful soup with bits of pork and crab and their secret spices is so delicious it makes me do my happy dance. As I added in a little bit of hot sauce, vinegar and shreds of ginger made the experience perfect. This is the best xlb place in the california.Note to xlb virgins: if you put the dumplings right in your mouth, it will explode and drip all over your mouth and lips, and not in a good way ;) I personally poke the the dumpling so that the soup drips out onto my spoon and I will eat it that way. :)As for the other items we ordered : green onion pancake, decent, I have had better. deep fried garlic spare ribs, DO NOT GET, shanghai noodles, too oily. shrimp and pork dumpling soup. It is hard to eat this after you've had the xiao long bao. but the dumplings are so good in that soup.what to get next : smoked duck, and spicy noodle soup.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,11/11/2010,428,2224,16,16,16>After the YEE Julie K made reservations (smart lady!!) and several of us ended up here. To answer your questions 1. Yes.. we were the last ones to leave 2. Yes.. the service was fantastic 3.Yes... the food was phenomenal Sarah deserves some kind of raise or a huge pat on the back. As our main server she totally answered all questions we had about the food options, helped with wine choice and described the food as we were being served AND most importantly.. dealt with us and all our shenanigans.. which since there were only 8 SBCers was relatively painless. At the YEE we had most of the appetizers.... which were fantastic. I ended up continuing in small plate fashion and got the Ktenia appetizer (scallops). Those had a perfect crust and were like buttah!!  The mission fig, micro greens and prosciutto dust definitely enhanced the flavor.  I also got the Ntomatosoupa (tomato soup). It was hearty and chunky.. which when paired with their naan like bread was killer. This brings me to my next point.. the bread. Freshly made, hot and with a charred side NOM NOM NOM NOM. My plus one got the salmon dish which he thoroughly enjoyed. He also got the Roka salad which was gone in what seemed like seconds. I also go to sample 1. mushroom side- no complaints from me 2. Octapothi Scharas- Best octopus I have had in forever. Totally tender!! 3. Moussakas- Great texture and the lamb was perfect What I want save for last is the desserts. Towards the end of the meal Chef Fitzgerald came out and talked to us for a good ten minutes or so and answered all our questions about what we ate... and then .. how convenient.. DESSERT menu!! My question "What do you recommend?" At the end of the table we had been talking about going to Dolce Spazio down the street for dessert but after hearing/seeing our options here we decided to stay ( SECOND BEST IDEA of the night!!) Magically the following appeared: 1. Yiaourti: You have not had Greek yogurt until you try this.. one of the favorites among the group. Totally refreshing.2. Baklava: One of the tastiest Baklavas I have had. The bruleed banana, the citrus syrup and banana gelato NOM! 3. Milopita: Warm honey crisp apple tart tatin, vanilla bean gelato and sauce caramel... delicious   4. Sokolatina: "You had me at molten lava cake..wait.. did I say that aloud??" - Quote from yelper.  5. Pan Cotta.. made with Buttermilk... that was also a highlight of the group.. rumor has it someone is getting a tattoo of it on their forearm.  Again HUGE THANK YOU to our server Sarah and to Chef Fitzgerald for an amazing meal!! Overall this is one of the highlights of my summer. I highly recommend coming here!!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,11/10/2010,539,247,10,13,12>I can't believe I overlooked Bambu when I have been living 5 minutes away from it for years!I am a big fan of this Vietnamese dessert called "Che" Its basically a mixture of jello, mung bean, sweat beans,  etc. with sweet coconut milk. The best I ever had are the home-made ones my mom or aunt make until I tried Bambus'My older brother recommended this place after we had our parents anniversary dinner because my dad was craving it. I ordered the #2 "Che Thap Cam" Basically the whole sha-bang, I loved their take on it because they also include taro, pudding, pearls, and pandan jelly. It is served with shaved ice and the portions are enormous.This is the best Che I have ever had and I have been hooked on it since!
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,11/9/2010,351,376,9,15,10>Great place to get your tshirts printed!  I spoke to a guy named Rob on Tuesday and he said that our 75 screen tee shirts would be ready by Thursday if I placed in my order that day!  They were super fast at replying to me with any inquiries I had and even sent me a mock up of what our t-shirts would look like within an hour!  Now that's service!  When my friend went to pick them up she said that they let her view the shirts before taking them home and also helped her carry it to her car!  Great place to get club shirts done.  For a black t-shirt with full white ink on the front and back it came to about $7.50/each.I've also washed my shirt two times already and the ink hasn't faded!  Great quality as well! =D
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2010,11/8/2010,1066,578,6,7,8>We finally got to try this place after passing by it frequently and smiling at the name of the restaurant. We were feeling like Chinese food and came on a Saturday afternoon, and there were a good number of people inside. The hostess seated us at a nice table by the window, and the menu selections were great for me as a vegetarian. We zeroed in on a special dinner option where you get a choice of a soup, fried prawns and veggie eggrolls, and an entree, and when I asked if I could get a tofu dish from the vegetarian menu for my entree (there weren't any to choose from on under the special dinner combo menu), and they said it was fine! I got the kung pao tofu, which had a great taste, although more vegetables in the dish would have been nice. I loved the soup and the appetizers were good too. Price was about $28 with our dinner specials and tea. I would come again! (Also, the server told my boyfriend that he has a beautiful girlfriend, so they get points for that too :)
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,11/7/2010,147,84,10,11,11>I rarely see a Yelper rates the same business three times and I have never rate a business three times.  I am writing about Bayshore Automative for third time because I want to highlight three things:1) Immediate clutch replacement service: those who own a manual car (or those who are car gurus) would know  that replacing a clutch is a huge and expensive job. Most shops need a days or two to order the parts so they can work on the car, Bayshore Automotive can get the clutch work started on the same day. On the same day!!2) Loaner car: I do like their loaner car so I can drop off my car and then get to work. As far as I know they have one loaner car (well, cars ARE expensive) so patrons may not get a loaner car all the time. Be sure to get there early but still can't guarantee you will get one if the only loaner  car is with someone already.3) AMEX!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bayshore Automative accepts American Express. That is huge for Starwood Amex holders like me. Now I can earn points from everyday stuff...like car repair! All of the above on top of honesty and excellence; now that is icing on the cake.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,11/6/2010,599,803,6,10,9>The idea of a Dim Sum Bakery is sooo legit!  Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day and expanding the casual side beyond bagels and sandwiches from McDonalds to a dim sum bakery is HOT!Plus if you want to get dim sum outside of the Sunday morning like at 6pm then this place is the spot too. Looks like you can get meals too other than the individual pieces. The place is just so cute in the plaza next to Michael's and their Grand Opening sign and the Asian kid logo. haha. We ordered the typical casualties of har gow, shumai, friend spinach turnip, fried shrimp ball, baked custard.  I really wanted the custard tart but I had to wait for 20 minutes- oh well.  Next time. Its all so cheap too with pieces ranging from .75 to .80 to a little over a dollar.  There are some tables there that you can eat there too but mostly people come in and out. I am so coming again and again for my dim sum fix when I don't want to sit at a restaurant and wait for the cart ladies to ignore me. :/
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,11/5/2010,224,712,6,10,9>Fresh n' fabulous.Don't know why it took us so long to try but it's good. The sashimi is fresh and the service is wonderful. Awesome with the takeout too.Tetsu, Hawaiian and Crunch are our favorite rolls.Sake sashimi is fresh fresh fresh and sooo buttery.Baby and kiddie friendly--impressive for a fairly swank looking place.Only downer is that the roll menu is very heavy on spicy tuna and shrimp tempura. I like both, but not in 1/2 of the rolls...let's get a little more creative, Yuki! Still, much love.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,11/4/2010,902,420,12,13,11>whoa shiznay!!  i coulda sworn I rev'd this highly necessary ramen-ya that makes me all yay!!!  found out about Orenchi from browsing thru some of Carol's reviews and surprisingly on the first time going here, I saw her and some of her friend's gettin their sluurp on.order the chicken karaage cos it is so damn bomb & pair it with any of the salads just for some balance.  oh don't forget one of their nama biiru- either sapporo or asahi-- I tend to go with asahi.the orenchi ramen and shio ramen are both excellent- each with different noodles (orenchi-large/thick  shio- thin/chewy) to complement the broth but I prefer the garlicky, tonkotsu lovefest that is the orenchi ramen.   never a wait & very comfortable dining arrangement, unlike the cluttered mess that is kahoo...just saying.  also the eye-candy is waaaay better here and great music!ohh--they call me omaasama here.  Dope!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2014,11/19/2014,201,240,8,18,17>It seems I have always been a little over weight.  Nothing I have ever done could ever change that.  Until  Total Woman Gym & Spa moved into Sunnyvale !!   I went from 178 pounds to  160 and still loosing, my goal is 140.With the help of this gym I have changed my overall well being.  From a over Weight woman of 50 to a person who works out 5 days out of the week  On a strict diet.  I feel really great.  Now Total Woman Gym & Spa ***  Brand new facility.... From the front desk receptionist area who always greet you with a smile.  They even have a daycare for the moms that don't have a babysitter.  Wow how that for a courtesy.  NOTE:  On certain machines you can see your children play on the screen.  State of the art babysitting with mom can watch !  As you can see by the many pictures I posted on this facility you have a wide range of treadmill mchines,  stair steps,  olipical,  to choose from.  I very rarely see them total full.  Then you have the area of weights area.  You may even see a trainer working out with a pupil   Then the areas of the weight machines nicely situated in the middle.  I especially like how each machines has a picture diagram labelled so you can see what area of muscles this machines with hit.  Then there are the classes that are posted on a flyer I tend to go to the classes 5:30 -6:30  or 6:30 - 7:30.  The variety of classes range from Zumba dancing,  Kickboxing, CSI , or Turbo kick.  Each one has a different aspect on what the person wants.  The Trainers are all very energetic, explosive with power.  Not only do they have a great open room for the classes with large mirrors and see through audience.  The locker room are clean and very safe.  Bathroom are kept up all day.  They also have a steam room which I am very soon want to try.  Shower area for those who would like to use too. Something about the energy at this gym.  I have made friends here,  Women that i see everyday.  I work in Sunnyvale so I even see people from my work.  The great thing is about this gym you can see all kinds of women here,  fat, skinny, not inshape.  No body is perfect and if just a comfortable place to work out.  Price !!!!  I get all this for $50 a month.... Now you can 't bet that price.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,11/18/2014,20,66,1,15,10>This is my second time at La Panotiq and I'm super impressed. What other cafe has table service? Only in Paris (say it with me now, "Pair-ee").Pros: - mini versions of their popular pastries ($1.65 each and a waist-friendly size!)- delicious mini ganache that goes perfectly with an espresso - while we're at it, they have great espresso!- service is top-notch -- staff are always predicting your needs but without being intrusive.- great atmosphere with a good blend of comfy communal seating and private tables. A few outside, as well. The chandeliers, warm grey tones, and French music sets the mood just right. - a chocolate with your coffee...so European, I love it.- It's very clean. Will see how they keep that up over the coming months...- French menu titles! I love that they maintain integrity and list things in French -- with English subtitles and phonetic spellings for all the Anglos.Cons:- I would love to see a charcuterie plate that's half the size of the current one on offer (which is $14 and too large for one person).- Wifi access is a bit of a blunder (they have multiple wifi accounts that all have their business name in them so it's a bit confusing to figure out which one customers are to use -- FYI: "La Panotiq Campbell-guest" is the winner).As for the previous reviewer, Matilda, who docked stars for not having almond milk without carageenan, I am a certified Nutrition Coach and yes, I agree that carageenan is awful but I don't know of any cafes in town (other than Whole Foods Blossom Hill) that serve homemade almond milk (which is the only way you can really get "healthy" almond milk since every single commercial almond milk has carageenan or other thickeners with similar risks). Not sure that was worth docking two stars.I've opened a new cafe of my own, once upon a time, so I have to respond to Arlene's review (9/16). Coming in the first two weeks of being open, it shouldn't surprise you that there were some kinks. The fact that they addressed it proactively and offered you free dessert seems like a great recovery to me. I wouldn't dock them for that. In my opinion, mistakes WILL happen -- but a great business is one that can recover from them.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,11/17/2014,263,206,12,16,15>I was so excited when I heard Bourbon & Steak now had a location just down the street from me! Yay!! Lobster pot pie all day erryday for me!!! Haha, I wish....either way, I'm really happy to see a fine dining restaurant of this caliber in Sunnyvale since my only neighboring options were DishDash (good but I don't crave it too often) or Parcel 104 (meh)Complimentary fries and dips - dat truffle sauce...yum! Also love the mustard concoction they mix up.Lobster pot pie - do yourself a favor and get this. It's fairly hefty so it's a great option for splittingBone-in ribeye - juicy, flavorful, and tender. Good option all around.Hanger steak - a did and satisfying steak option bit I like the rib eye more.I was way too stuffed for dessert this round but you better believe I'll be back to finish them off!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,11/16/2014,133,696,9,14,11>Went in for a passport photo.The location is hidden inside a building with korean writing.  Try going under the bridge and you'll see it on the left side.It's a small little office with an older gentlemen working with computers, but he knows what he's doing.  Told me to sit down, took a few photos on his giant camera, told me to select one, he read the specs needed for my country's passport, did some work on the computer and I was out of there in 20 minutes.It came out to ~$17 for 4 passport photos.Unlike many places that does it all (shipping, notary, photo), this place only does photo so I selected it and I have no regrets.Thanks!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,11/15/2014,805,256,15,20,20>i LOVE curry house!!! This place is so good and its close to my school so i can just hop on over there between classes and have a good filling lunch for about $12-$15. The ambiance here is really nice too -- very welcoming !I usually come around 1-2pm, but sometimes classes run late, but the workers are usually nice enough to let you come sit down if you get there before 2:30pm (when they close before dinner). I've gotten:-the katsu chicken breast curry with or without egg: The curry to rice and chicken ratio is perfect! The side salad that is included is really good and helps to refresh your palate a little bit because the curry gets a little overwhelming. Sometimes the curry is a little too salty. The chicken is cooked great and crunchY-loco moco curry: I got it once and i think it was a just a special but it was also super good! It comes with egg, hamburger, some lettuce and something else on top of rice in a pool of curry! Super good. I can't find it again or else i would have gotten it ): -Meatball Bolognese Spaghetti: my friend got it to-go for me and i didnt like it too much. the meatballs were pretty good but everything else was kind of bland and meehh. It either didnt have enough sauce or there was too much meat in the sauce so it didnt coat the spaghetti that much. I will def come again! I want to try the rest of the menu -- esp the corn potage everyone is raving out!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,11/14/2014,1078,821,29,37,31>Matcha Love, I heart you!Although I heart you, I was heart broken when you closed early on me the first time I wanted to check you out. At least this time around, I know better to drop by during the middle of the day to get a taste of you. Soft ice cream flavors:- Matcha - Black Sesame- Hoji-Cha (roasted green tea)My favorite soft ice cream was the matcha on a waffle cone. A smooth velvety texture that kept my stomach feeling very happy. I also tried the Hoji-cha, which tasted more like Thai tea than roasted green tea but it was still tasty. Would love to come back to try their black sesame and other goodies. I hope you give this place a try. Cheers! p.s. CASH ONLY!!!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,11/13/2014,127,270,13,18,14>My Sister-in-law has been raving about this place for years. Apparently this location was once the famed Lucy's but has since changed its name to The Tamale Factory. Lucy's is close by though. Anyway, we were in the area with them and they wanted to stop in and grab a dozen to take back to Nevada in the morning. Sure why not!Location is in a rough part of San Jose so if you're not a local, I'd recommend coming during the day. It was about 4:30pm Sunday and there was plenty of parking in the old divey strip center. The restaurant is very small so don't plan on eating there. It's strictly a "To-go" kinda place. The menu is small and simple which is great.  We decided to order some to take home too. 3 pork, 3 chicken and some salsa. In and out and on out way in no time.  Two hours after we ordered them, the tamales were still hot! Okay, so ill be honest. I'm not a fan of tamales. Most places have to much masa and to little meat. Well not here. Oh my goodness these were hands down the BEST tamales I've ever had!!Both the chicken and the pork were super yummy. Moist, tender and flavorful. I really liked the salsa too but I warmed it up a tad to pour over my tamales and it was spectacular. The only real reasons this place didn't get 5 stars from me is the shady location and the fact that their credit card machine wasn't working. I never carry cash but for someone I had a $20 in my wallet. Phew! We're already planning our next visit later this week when our daughter comes home. After telling her about this place, she's mad we didn't save her any but excited about making her own trip.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,11/12/2014,431,186,16,21,13>Came here this past Sunday as a first timer.Some pre-requisites that I did NOT know about:-must be 21+-valid IDs: License, green card, perm resident. visitors, non-citizens are not allowed I believe. Maybe with a passport? not sure. Another group that arrived at the same time as me and they were not citizens and did not have valid ID so they had to go back and get it or something. Suggestions for girls especially:-do not wear loose clothing, I accidentally took home a bullet shell in my loose t-shirt lol.-wear close toed shoes. the shells fly everywhere and one flew from my boyfriends gun, over his head, and landed on my bare foot -_- ouch.Newbies:-have to watch a 15 minute intro/ safety video. I kind of spaced out but some parts are really important. Prices:-newbs start with .22's which are $8/ hr-bags of bullets for .22s are about $4 - 50 rounds per bag-targets are $1 each-you also have to rent eyeglasses and earmuff things, it gets really loud.-if you graduate and feel comfortable, you can rent a 9mm. I forget how much it was to rent but boxes of bullets are about $22/ box, about 30-40 bullets per box I think.Overall, I was super nervous at first because when you get in there you realize this is kind of serious. Guns are serious business. And I didn't want to accidentally shoot something I'm not supposed to, like another person. Since I'm a little derpy& clumsy. I think that just made me extra careful though. The .22 is really cute and easy to get used to, but the 9mm was freaking heavy! And the recoil is no joke. AND you have to pull the trigger back all the way for it to fire. So scared I would smack my own face with it. We spent about 2-3 hours there and the time flew by so fast! A fun experience.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,11/11/2014,307,129,7,17,12>Happy Dog serves the BEST HOT DOGS we have ever tried! Uniquely served in a French bun, this place is extremely affordable, serving up a wide variety of delicious and satisfying hot dogs. But as of today (June 1, 2014), they no longer accept credit card!! What's up with that?!Normally, I am not the biggest hot dog fan, but my wife loves hot dogs. She found Happy Dog on Yelp about 5 weeks ago, and she saw that it was rated 5-star so we had to try it! We went about a month ago, and when we walked in, we saw the huge menu board of sausages from all over the world. The manager there was very welcoming and helpful in describing which hot dogs we should get. I decided to get the Polish Kielbasa and my wife got the Frankfurter (pictures below). Both were $3.95 I think, which is a great price for the size of the sausages. We went back today, and this time my wife tried the Bratwurst and I got the Linguica Portuguese sausage, which were both terrific.After we ordered, the manager went to the fridge and grabbed the sausages and boiled them in the water on the grill first, and then freshly grilled them for us. The sausages were put in a toasted French bun (which we've never seen before!). Then, we went to the condiments and the manager explained that they make their own sauerkraut (2 different kinds), and he even asked if we wanted grilled onions on top too. We said yes (of course), and he went and grabbed some onions, and freshly grilled them for us for free. We were so impressed by the level of service, and we hadn't even tried the hot dog yet.When we finally got the rest of the ingredients on there (ketchup, relish, brown mustard and sauerkraut), we were ready to eat! We took a seat outside in their spacious back patio with plenty of benches and tables, which was a really nice setting. We bit into the sausages, and they were absolutely delicious! Extremely juicy, very tasty, and the two sausages we ordered had very distinct flavors. We ate our hot dogs so quickly, and we vowed to be back to try the other hot dogs. I haven't had the opportunity to go back yet, but my wife paid another visit and was equally satisfied.I only have a few complaints about Happy Dog:1. The parking situation is always horrendously bad. It is in a small corner complex with a Seven-11 and a couple other brunch cafes, and there isn't very much parking available. 2. My wife said it can also get a little busy during lunch. The first time we went, it was in the middle of the afternoon (around 3:30) when there wasn't anyone in there. 3. As of today, June 1, 2014, they no longer accept credit card, which is kind of a bummer. We got there today, and saw the sign right on the register right before we were about to order, and then had to drive a mile away to get to the nearest Bank of America ATM. So just come prepared. This place doesn't break the bank, but I only had a few bucks in my wallet when we first got there.In any case, we will definitely be back. I can't wait to try the other sausages that they serve up at Happy Dog (tried the Linguica Portuguese sausage today and it was awesome). Great prices, amazing sausages, super attentive and friendly service.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,11/10/2014,322,342,11,10,10>I am a sucker for truffle anything and just had to buy their truffle oil popcorn when I saw it. The sign at the vendor booth thing at the mall said it was a truffle oil garlic and herb flavor and the bag I got says truffle Parmesan. Either way it's packed with flavor. The herb flavor is the strongest, and id say the garlic and truffle oil are about the same. Would have loved the truffle oil to be most abundant.After purchasing a small cone sized bag for $3.50 I was given a 10% off coupon for a next purchase. Other flavors were cheese, movie theater, kettle, and others I forgot!! Prices are kinda steep, next price after 3.50 was $6 for a small bag.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,4/27/2012,223,166,8,13,10>I have a thing for watches so I own about five of them.  One of my watches has been dead for some time and I really haven't had time to get the battery replaced.  I've always passed by Hop Sing and kept a mental note of it. I came in one morning and asked the nice gentleman behind the counter how much it would cost to have the battery replaced for my Movado watch.  He quoted me $10.  Wow, that's a steal!  In the past, I went to the jewelers in the mall and they quoted something outrageous like $70 because my watch had a "special seal."  That sounds like a bunch of BS!  Anyway, I agreed to the price and he stopped what he was working on and started changing the battery.  I ran to the bakery next door to get some pastries and when I came back, my watch was done!  Fast, friendly, and inexpensive service.  I'll be back!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,4/26/2012,469,212,5,19,8>I've been to a handful of vietnamese bars in SJ and I gotta say this one is by far the cleanest and really nice looking one. I'm not a fan of these joints due to the stereotypes and what not, but it's a class of it's own. The girls are hot and the service is freaken awesome. I would say it's comparable to hue lounge in Santa Clara. && I go to hue often just to have drinks and hang out with friends.  If you want to just have a good night with good music, come here and check it out for yourself. Hot girls, live dj, and alcohol. There's the equation for a good time!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,4/25/2012,69,191,4,7,7>After walking at the Baylands, Mom, Dad, and I were feeling a bit peckish and looking for a little something something to perk us up. I drove us down Castro Street in Mountain View and let the parking gods decide.  They led us to Neto Caffe and Bakery, which means that they were very pleased with us, indeed!I sat the 'rents on the outside patio, facing the coming and going trains and went in to order.  I ordered a Turkish coffee for myself, a lemonana (soft lemonade with mint) for dad and a large decaf for mom.  Then I really went off the reservation and picked three deserts from the cold bakery case.  I picked a "snowball" (which turned out to be yellow cake, a sweetened cheese, perhaps marcaspone, raspberry jam, frosted in white buttercream and rolled in white coconut shavings), a napoleon (layers of filo, custard, whipped cream and powered sugar), and an architectural wonder that balanced two cream puffs on a base of puff pastry between a creamy log of mocha, topped by a curl of chocolate.  The fantastic surprise of the moment was, when biting into to cream puffs, finding them filled with lemon curd (oh, my gosh, my mouth is honestly watering right now!).We shared the three pastries, and indeed we were in buttercream heaven!  Even mom, who is generally parsimonious with sweets, was muttering something about going in and picking a fourth.One of the nicer aspects of Neto were the young men who waited the counter.  They were very helpful in carrying out the drinks as they came and generally being nice.  They must have had good parenting, because they had excellent manners.Bathroom was clean and nicely decorated.  The patio was in the shade and the trains coming into the station was a good diversion.  Three types of fake sugar was available (spending time in Colorado - the land of only Sweet 'n Low, I have come to appreciate places that offer the yellow and sometimes even green packets!).  A dispenser of ice water flanked the door to the patiod.  Love the REAL coffee cups with saucers, glass glasses and ceramic plates.If you go, expect to pay big city prices...  our "tea" for three cost twenty-five dollars, but it was a worthy splurge!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,4/24/2012,412,313,7,11,7>Holy cr*p, this place is so flippin' good! Originally I was thinking of minus-ING one star for the wait, but it was SO worth waiting for! (We waited about for about 1 hour and 45 mins. Plus there was even a line just to put our names on the list -.-)With most over-hyped places I usually come out disappointed. But I am COMPLETELY in LOVE with the sha-bang sauce!! The mild was perfect and not even that spicy. You can taste all the individual flavors of the sauce. 1lb of shrimp is 9.99 and you MUST order the sweet potato fries!! I've had crawdaddy which I heard was comparable to the boiling crab, *DING DING* not true!! TIP: Do go to the Target next door to kill time!!! :]Cannot wait to come back again! 5 stars!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2011,4/23/2012,198,447,11,11,13>We celebrated my MIL's birthday at Korea House. My SIL booked the back room so we'd have privacy and the kids would have room to move around while the adults eat, drank and talked. There was a lot of food ordered and what I can remember are just the dishes I had...Hwe Dup Bap (Korean Sashimi Bowl)Jap ChaeKalbiGo Dung Uh Jol Im (Mackerel Spicy Casserole)Nakji Bokgum (Sauteed Octopus with Vegetables & Green Onions in spicy sauce)Yaki Man Doo (Friend Dumplings)Every was TASTY! Portions were generous. Service was good. Also, for the single ladies... there's a REAL cutie that works that. He's so cute my daughter says she wants to marry him when she grows up because he looks like a Korean pop star :D
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,4/22/2012,75,214,11,15,13>"Agápe" is one of the Greek words for "love," and in this case I think it fits!  My wife and I love this restaurant and even considered having our rehearsal dinner here.  :](On the topic of large parties... Agápe Grill can do reservations for big groups, no problem.  If you have 26 or more people, it's doable but with a fixed menu.  15% gratuity included for groups.)I really enjoy the fresh warm pita and hummus, which are refilled free of charge.  No need to fill up on bread though, because the portions are very large.  They really load up the plates generously.  (My friend said his coworkers are never able to finish their lunches when they eat here.)Agápe makes a great gyro, but I like to order the loukániko (Greek sausage) plate.  The sausage is flavorful and salty, served with fries and tasty cooked veggies.Each entree ($10-15*) also comes with a nice salad: lettuce, cucumber, tomato, olives, feta, onion.  (I'm not into feta, but it's easy enough to avoid.)*:  The online menu is a little outdated, but all the prices are still extremely reasonable (especially considering the massive servings).The dining area is huge, and the waitstaff is suuuper nice and friendly.I hear it gets busy at lunch time (because there's so many workplaces nearby), but we've never seen it too crowded for dinner.Food:  4.25 starsValue:  4.75 starsService:  4.5 starsOverall:  4.5 starsGood food, good value, good service... what's not to agápe?
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,4/20/2012,360,550,2,7,6>We've tried 4 restaurants in Japan Town so far and this is by far the best!  It's small and cozy.  The service is above average and very attentive.  We started with tea, good tea.  The salad was uniform as with most places, same type of lettuce, carrots & sweet dressing.  The miso soup was also uniform.  But the Hawaiin Poki salad was outstanding.  It was spicy but not too much to where I couldn't eat it like other places.  The chunks of Ahi Tuna were sizable with slivered onion, served atop some shredded white radish and some type of seaweed.  We also had yakitori, skewered chicken & mushrooms resting on a bed of shredded lettuce and sauce - delicious!Then came the entrees, Shrimp Tepanyaki and I had the two item combo, fried scallops and Teriyaki Spare Ribs.  The Tepanyaki was on a sizzling platter, nice and hot.   My combo came in a bento box with parboiled veggies that were okay but I didn't like the green beans, they were bland.  I liked the scallops and LOVED the ribs!  There were 3 of them.  A small one, a medium sized one and a BIG one - kind of like the 3 bears!  The meat was tasty and tender and the sauce was finger licking good becuase I did lick my fingers quite a bit.  I only had  a piece of shrimp from Dale's dish and it was good.  He kind of moaned while he ate and said he'd already made up his mind that he loved the food and wanted to come back.  Both of our entrees came with white rice and after we couldn't eat anymore, we were asked if we would like some green tea ice cream on the house.  Of cours we didn't pass up a free treat and it was the best, really, the best green tea ice cream I've had and if I could buy it at the store I definitely would.  There was no aftertaste at all, no biterness and it had just the right amount of sweetness.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,4/19/2012,615,556,7,9,6>Oui à la fondue aux fromages. Also absolutely love their French 75s. Sit at a table out on the walkway under a heat lamp and revel in the fact that you're so obviously très chic. Or at least, you're too happy to care.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,4/18/2012,626,433,5,12,7>The newest location for Moveable Feast to come! Their soft opening will be Friday, February 10th, from 5PM to 9PM. Here are the trucks scheduled to come as of right now:SAVORYChairman - BaosCurry Up Now - IndianGrill Stars - BBQHiyaaa - KoreanKoJa Kitchen - Korean/JapaneseLouisiana Territory - CajunMoGo BBQ - Korean/MexicanO Mi Ninja - VietnameseSanguchon - PeruvianWow - SilogsSWEETProject Cupcake - CupcakesScoops - Ice CreamLooks like there's going to be a good turn out of trucks! Some of these trucks are coming all the way from San Francisco! If you miss the soft opening, they should be here every Friday night from 5PM to 9PM. I can't wait! =)
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,4/17/2012,211,504,6,10,8>I felt like a rockstar coming here. I wanted to get new running shoes, but i didn't know what type i need or how to choose. They have two treadmills that record how you run. I was working with Diana, who was extremely knowledgeable about shoes.Wear semi workout clothes, you will need to run on the treadmill for your foot pattern to be captured.Once my run type was analyzed, Diana brought out different sizes of different shoes to try. even though I wear a size 5.5, i ended up in love with the fit of a 6.5 shoe.One last thing I wanted to mention, i arrived at 6:45- 15 mins before close. This is NOT enough time to buy shoes. they were courteous enough to stay open for an extra 20 mins while i picked out shoes. This store deserves more than 5 stars for the customer service, cleanliness, products, etc...I am very happy with my shoes. thank you!!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,5/3/2011,282,253,14,11,6>OK, as much as I want to think that I'm a man (well, a gay man since I have flair.) -- I really can't fix as many things as I would like.Jim is my man ... no, he's actually my Rent-A-Husband. One fine day I was all hopped up on prednisone, and since I already mopped the walls, cleaned the garage, and dusted everything in the house twice, NOW was the right time to fix the leaking sink. Yeah, bad idea. The good news is that I got rid of that leak. The bad news is that I no longer have hot water, at all!I call Jim in a panic, I'm almost in tears. I hear him on the line;"This is Jim."(read this next sentence as fast as you can)"Oh my god Jim, it's Carrie, I have a drippy sink and it was driving me out of my mind and I thought it would be a good idea to fix it myself since I thought it would be really easy but now I realize this isn't easy at all and maybe I shouldn't be fixing things when I'm on steroids right before surgery and I've been to OSH like a dozen times and now I don't even have water coming out of the hot water side at all and I'm freaking out -- can you come over?" (Yup, I was so hopped up on prednisone I was talking more than normal, in one run-on sentence)"Carrie, did you pull a Bababooey?""Oh my god, I forgot you're a Howard Stern fan too! Yes, I pulled a Bababooey! How soon can you get here?" "I can be there first thing in the morning""Thanks Jim!"So my dripping sink was magically gone from my amazing Rent-A-Husband. I heart Jim .... so much. Also the beauty of a Rent-A-Husband is he does things that actual husbands don't normally do, he wipes his feet, cleans up after himself, he's courteous, it's amazing! For the 6 years I have owned my condo, he has installed my air conditioning, a heater, my dishwasher and water heater, From now on when I have my sink dripping, I won't pull a Bababooey -- I just call Heritage. (They have now changed the company name to Aire Serv.)
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,5/2/2011,942,253,14,16,14>The hubby called asking if I wanted to try a new Thai place in San Jose for lunch.  Other than San Francisco, I have not found a Thai place in the South Bay to call home.  I think Lanna Thai might just be the one.There are lunch specials available as well as appetizers and entrees to order that can be shared.  My hubby ordered the Eggplant lunch special which comes with your choice of vegetarian (tofu and veggies), chicken, beef, pork or prawns.  Garlic, bell pepper, basil & slightly fried eggplant round out this dish.  I had a few bites and it was delicious.  My order was the Mus~ Sa ~ Maan Curry as a lunch special (meaning it came with steamed white rice or brown rice, extra $).  I had it  vegetarian style, tofu and vegetables, simmered in a Mus~Sa~Maan Curry, coconut milk, peanut sauce, carrots, yellow onion & Potato.  Yum!The one problem with our lunch specials was that we forgot to indicate the level of spiciness so our meals came out "mild" which means there was no spice at all.  Yet despite that faux pas on our part, the two meals were delectable.  The lunch special includes a small bowl of soup that had a mild dollop of spice, enough to tantalize your appetite for what's to come.  We won't forget to ask for medium spicy next time.I look forward to trying out more items on their menu.  According to their website, all items on the menu are available for take-out.  They are open daily for lunch and dinner and also offer catering services.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2010,5/1/2011,534,573,13,13,13>What else can I say but - Oooooh - I LIKE IT!Slurping those noodles just throws me over the edge and the fave is the Orenchi Ramen (maybe its the perfectly poached egg that appeals to me so much!)I've tried nearly every appetizer and soup on the menu and haven't yet found anything I didn't like. There are small pots of ginger and garlic on the table who like to add an extra something to their ramen noodles. Extra hearty appetites can order extra chashu and noodles.On my last visit, my sister and I ordered the karaage chicken appetizer. It arrived at our table piping hot and fried to a perfect crunchy golden brown. Hmmmmm. YUM!I've found service here to be very efficient and friendly. You now know where to find me....
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,4/30/2011,1806,1048,10,12,9>My family and I have been going here for I don't even know how long.  We got to witness their remodeling, and I would have to say, it looks like a very classy modern vietnamese restaurant compared to the other locations.  The way they serve their food is also nice, which surprised me last night for dinner.  Service was amazing. I enjoyed our waiter since he was helpful and very friendly.  Good service makes a happy Kathy.Their basic com tam bi has always been great here but my family and I wanted to try family style dinner last night for the first time here.  We ordered:1. Egg rolls- I've had better at other Viet restaurants.  It was a bit too crunchy/hard for me to bite into.  The stuffing itself can be more flavorful and moist.2. Quails- SO GOOD!  Must try.  It comes in 2 but split it in half then you get 4 halfs.  I loved their green onion seasoning cooked with the quails.  Make sure to dip it in the salt/pepper sauce!  Delicious!3. Canh Chua Ca- this came with seabass.  I recommend putting your fish fillet in the fish sauce out of the soup.  Eat your rice with your soup and as you eat, grab some fish slices!  The fish sauce complements the fish very well.4. Rau Muon- basic vegetable dish but healthy when made with sauteed with garlic5. Tom Kho To- delicious sauce that can make you eat plain rice with it.  Jumbo shrimps cooked to perfection.All in all, this dinner was delicious after our fishing day trip.  We just HAD to eat some fish in our meal since we were unlucky to not catch any at the Delta... sadface..
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,4/29/2011,198,447,13,15,14>I was nursing a hang over on Saturday and opted for BBH instead of my usual pho ga. My hubby order the same thing while the kids had the crispy yellow noodles and split a large beef ball soup.The food is always good along with service. My hubby & I have had BBH at 3 other Pho restaurants. All except Pho Saigon put the shrimp paste on the side along with the chili peppers they give. My hubby is not a fan of shrimp paste and prefer to eat BBH without it but he was a good sport and ate his soup :)We didn't like the BBH at Pho Saigon. The blood cakes had no flavor. The soup was okay. We're still fans and will continue to come for the pho ap chao, crispy yellow noodles, roast duck soup and pho.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,4/28/2011,343,587,19,12,13>I decided to pull a Britney Spears this weekend and check myself into a hotel.I know you were thinking rehab, but I'm not crazy. As least not certified. But anyway, just as Britney will do the Chateau Marmont, I decided to do Hotel Saint Claire, because it was central (i.e. Original Joe's for meatballs and Brix for a lackluster meat market) and it was a good deal.I'm gonna say it's a historic property, so everything is smaller. My junior suite looked like a normal size room... But they gave me an upgrade for free somehow, so I struck out on the 6th floor in a junior suite. So although the size, I was glad to be high up an in a bigger room than what I am guessing would be normal.I was looking for a good night's sleep and I wanted to be unavailable.I got that. I got good water pressure. I got a DVD player in room with a flat screen TV. I got an AMAZING bed that required three wakeup calls (sorry, front desk guy for the "call me back in 15 minutes"). I got some cool amenities (DVD checkout, free wi-fi, valet, L'Occitane bath products that SMELLED like I humped a French guy who just took a shower).It was just what I needed. Customer service was great from the moment I checked in until the moment I left. That's hard to come by nowadays. They even called me to see if I liked everything? I die when someone calls me Mr. Dao... so important.Hotel Saint Claire, I'll let you hit me baby one more time... real soon...
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,4/27/2011,154,237,8,11,9>I come to Beauty Fusion Studio to see Valerie Huynh for Shellac manicures. Shellac is a UV light cured gel polish (Colors or French) that lasts approximately 2 weeks, perhaps more. I was looking for someone close to home and found her on the CND Shellac website. Cathy and the other manicurist in the shop offer Shellac as well. Valerie does a great job with mani/pedi. She is conscientious of shaping/filing, makes sure all your nails are even and my toe polish lasted over 4 weeks! Her prices are average for the area. After seeing her gel & acrylic nail work on other clients and seeing how natural they looked, I decided to have her do a pink & white acrylic set for me. My nails are incredibly thin and weak, not to mention small in size-meaning they aren't easy to work on. They lasted 3 weeks before I needed a fill, which is rare when other salons/manicurists have done my nails. I'm very happy with Valerie's work and I recommend her to others. They will accept walk-ins, but appointments are recommended so you don't have to wait. If you want to see Valerie, you definitely need an appointment. Beauty Fusion (Formerly JC Planet Hair Studio) has been in Sunnyvale for many years and is located in the complex behind the automotive center on the corner of Sunnyvale Ave & Washington Ave. The salon itself is no frills, but it's very clean and comfortable. The mani/pedi instruments are sanitized after each client, which is very important. They have 3 very plush, massaging spa pedicure chairs. They're awesome! I've had Cathy (Owner) do eyelash extensions for me since I was having reactions to mascara and was unable to wear my contact lenses. She was very careful while working around my eyes and listened to the look I was trying to achieve, which was a natural, feathery look. Since having the extensions, they've not only cut my time to get ready, I've also not had reactions around my eyes and have been able to wear my contact lenses more w/o discomfort! I would recommend these to anyone who doesn't want to spend so much time on their eye makeup, for special occasions, weddings, vacations and photographs. I've seen James' clients leave happy with trendy, cute haircuts (And although I have my own hairdresser I'm happy with, I would encourage others to try him if they're looking for a stylist). There is a hairdresser who specializes in African-American hair. Cathy also offers complete skincare services/professional skincare products, waxing, permanent cosmetics and eyelash extensions/tinting/perming. They are a full service salon and carry an extensive retail selection of Redken, Matrix, Paul Mitchell, Pureology and L'Oreal Professional products.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,4/26/2011,568,706,9,14,11>My husband and I came here on Sunday in the early evening and we were lucky to get a table outside. I heard that the wait here can last anywhere from half an hour up to an hour! Anyways, they mostly serve fancy thin crust pizza here. There are just a few meat and pasta options on the menu. The crust is very thin and although I'm a fan of thick crust pizza, I liked their pizza. There are two sizes, small and large. The small size is the size of a large plate. The large size is oblong shaped and appears to be as long as a ruler. I got one of their specialty pizzas which had portabella mushrooms, sausage with fennel, and red onions on it. Tomato sauce doesn't come with it. The waiter told me that and said that sometimes people think that they forgot the sauce. My husband got the plain old pepperoni pizza with red onions. I also got a small order of the caesar salad. The small portion was $8.75 but since I thought it might be too much for me to finish, I asked for a smaller portion and they reduced the price to $5.50-:) I also got a diet coke for $3.00 but it comes with free refills. My husband also got the soup of the day which was cream of portabella mushroom. The serving is very small. It comes in a tiny cup. When I got my salad, my husband laughed and said, so, they put four big lettuce leaves and dressing with a few croutons on it and call it a salad? I do agree, the portion was too small, but the salad was good and the dressing was a bit spicy, but that's OK since I like spicy stuff.The wait for the pizza took awhile. I think that we waited for the pizza for about an hour or longer. My husband was annoyed especially since he was hungry. Unlike me, he wasn't impressed by the pizza and complained that there were no onions on his pizza. The waiter said that there was. I showed it to him as it was barely visible. The waiter then asked if he'd like a side of roasted red onions and he said no. He then made a joke about how they probably only use one onion to flavor 200 pizzas. Ha ha. I really liked my pizza. It was delicious! The ingredients were fresh and the sausage was nice and spicy. The total came out to be $45.00 after tax. I'd like to come back here sometime, but with a friend instead. There is seating outside and the heat lamps are strong enough to make it comfortable to sit outside when it's not too cold out. Parking in the area is a pain though, so come early to give yourself time to find parking if you can.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,4/25/2011,522,445,9,11,11>I think this is one of my favorite ramen places!It's this little food court type of booth inside of a Japanese supermarket.  I've lived in this area for years but I've never tried the ramen here because ramen places inside of a supermarket just don't look that appealing...But I was wrong!  Even though it's a little pricey for the amount of food that you get, they do have really good broth!  The noodle is nothing special - I mean, it was chewy and "bouncy", but I think that's the standard for a decent ramen place.  Their broth though, is spectacular!  It might be a little salty for American palate, but it is full of flavor.  I tried their shoyu ramen and their spicy miso one.  I am a fan of the spicy one!Also, their pork is to die for!  It just melts in your mouth! My brother and I got their combo once.  I got the pork over rice side dish, and though the pork was a little dry, it was flavorful and went well with the rice.  My brother got the salmon roe over rice, he said it was way too fishy but still finished it, because apparently he's a member of the "Clean Plate Club"...
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,4/24/2011,545,312,14,15,15>Wow, I can't believe I haven't written a review about WCC yet!!!  It's fitting that I write it now, hours away from what will no doubt be another another fun filled evening here with friends :)WCC is my go-to place for cigars when I run low.  Excellent selection, very reasonable prices, unhurried atmosphere and some of the best staff ever.  Everybody is so helpful, whether it is helping you select a suitable smoke for the occasion, whether it's helping you prepare and light the cigar or whether it's just chatting with you.  I love the camaraderie and the almost familial atmosphere here.As mentioned in several other reviews, WCC is located in an old house - with backyard, shed and a separate game room/cigar lounge.  I've been going here when the lounge was just a dilapidated game room - it has since been renovated into an ultra modern and luxurious lounge called the "Rocky Patel Lounge."  I was there when they opened the lounge and got to meet Rocky himself and take some pictures with the man :)Due to some quirk in the law, it's possible to drink at WCC and it's a very communal atmosphere.  People bring and leave drinks here.  People take drinks freely from the fridge and kitchen - same goes for food.  There's always stuff left behind that you're welcome to partake but do leave something behind on other occasions to keep the generosity and spirit going :)They have a large grill, fire pit and several dozen chairs.  Spring and summer evenings are always crowded, especially on weekends.  We grill here frequently and I've met quite a few interesting folks from all walks of life here at WCC.Inside, there are more seating areas (in addition to the Lounge) with some TVs and some cushy sofas/chairs.  Bathroom is clean and well maintained.~ 5 stars overall - a warm, wonderful, friendly and welcoming place.  A place to hang out with with a group of great friends and just enjoy a quiet evening with food, drinks, cigars and entertainment.  A real family run establishment and it shows in the number of loyal, repeat customers.  I love this place :)# 239
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,3/22/2014,805,256,7,15,9>On the day my friend took me out to try this place out, he told me they only opened like last week. I was really happy so I can do the "first to review" but then I found out there was already 9 reviews... ): Anyways since I was working late, my friend got there first and ordered for us. I got there at 845, right before they closed but they still opened their arms to a starving girl who just got off work! Upon walking in though, i dont think it seemed like a problem bc it was just. so. empty. Me and my friend were the only one in the entire restaurant. But i mean, i guess if they closed at 9... a lot of people would have left already? and also it was a new place....???? anyways, Since my friend got there earlier, he had already ordered us a huge bag of shrimp, crawfish, potatoes, and corn! Pretty much like boiling crab but they give you plates. Water is in a plastic cup blahbalh. they gave us bibs and filled our water and we dug in. All the food was really good, the shrimp were MUCH bigger than Boiling Crab's, so props to that! My friend ordered medium spicy and i got scared, but it wasnt that spicy at all.... Only when i bit into the corn and then i tasted the heat. The bathroom is really cute. Only two bathrooms -- one for ladies, one for men. No stalls. There is a sink outside for you to just wash your hands. The bathroom itself was cute and smelled good inside hahahahah. I would give this place 5 stars, but minus one for the no refill on water until i asked for them to come over, and we were the only people in the restaurant..... and more heat! My tolerance for spicyness isnt high but i know when more people know about this place they will complain how the spice wasnt spicy AT ALLLLLL!  i'll be sure to come back, its near my friend's house and my work! Since they are new, they will probably work more on the customer service and sauce. My friend wasnt full though... so idk maybe we shoudl have ordered more
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,3/21/2014,426,165,12,15,13>San Jose has an amazing annual tradition that really brings the cheer into the holiday season, and that's Christmas in the Park! For me, it wouldn't be a true San Jose Christmas unless I visited Christmas in the Park and thankfully I did. There's a lot of things to do here and many people may say that the outdoors ice skating rink or the amusement park rides are what's great, but to be honest, the best part is to simply walk around and view all the colorfully decorated trees. There are dozens and dozens of trees decorated by schools, scout troops, and various organizations and all with it's own unique twist. Every year there's always one tree that really stands out from the rest, and for me, it's the one that was decorated with minions from Despicable Me. The amusement rides are mainly for kids, but that doesn't mean you won't have fun. My friend and I decided to ride the only ride that went a full 360 degrees and yes, it was pretty awesome. We're both pretty small so when the ride stopped mid-air and our bodies were dangling upside down, it felt as though we were about to slip right on through, but luckily we had dinner before this and our bellies were filled with food! No barfing too... :)I wanted to go ice skating but after seeing how poorly maintained the ice was I thought it wasn't worth it. The ice was so shaved up and scruffy that if you were to try to skate, you'll just end up paying to walk around on skates. [Things to do and watch out for] - Check out all the different types of Christmas trees. (Find your favorite one!)- If you don't mind visiting Christmas in the Park during November, you should definitely go! That's when the Tree lighting ceremony takes place.- The Ice skating rink gets really crowded around Christmas, and when it gets crowded the ice becomes pretty dull, so make sure you visit the park in early December for the best ice.- Amusement rides are fun for adults as well as for kids! Check out the Ferris wheel for a view of the park!- There are plenty of food stands in the park, but if you prefer eating in there are many restaurant options nearby, all within walking distance. (Arcadia is right across the street!)Other than that, if you're in San Jose for the holidays and you've never been to Christmas in the Park, then this is a must visit spot! Parking isn't hard to find, there's plenty of food, and of course, all sorts of things to do here that would bring the Holiday spirit into anyone looking for some fun.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/20/2014,244,197,10,16,10>I usually go to the big warehouse pet stores because I figure their prices are better.  Ooooooooh!  I figured WRONG!  My friend gets her cat food here.  She said this is the only place she can find it.  When she gave me a can my cat ate it.  My cat was going through a really rough patch where EVERYTHING she ate made her throw up so she had food aversion.  The can my friend gave me seemed to be something she would eat.  So I went to the store to get some.  Turned out that, no, my cat didn't like it, so I had to take it back.  While I was there I picked up some other food.  My cat finally settled on it.  So I have been buying it by the case.  It seems to me as if I am the ONLY ONE buying it.  That is ok.  The store has a very large selection of food for both cats and dogs.  When you buy a case you get a discount.  So, as I said, I have been buying by the case.  The owner --- I think he is the owner, Howard (I think), has been there a few times and has talked to me a bit about what is going on with my cat.  He and the other employees there have offered both their advice and their sympathy.  From what I have experienced these people care about animals.  And I don't know how they do it, but their prices on the food I am buying are the same as the big stores.  I think my cat is settling on one of the REALLY expensive foods (of course) and so I called one of the big places (they were really nice too) he quoted the same price as Pets and More.  And I am not certain that they big places discounts on cases.So, you CAN go to a small (well, compared to the big Pet Warehouses) pet store and get personal service and great prices.Check 'em out!
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,3/19/2014,93,135,6,14,12>If I could adopt every stray and/or abandoned dog, I would!Seeing the dogs and cats here is so sad... Most of them are filled with hope but some of them are just so old that I don't think they'd be adopted. My boyfriend and I like to come here when we're in the area and have some time to kill. A lot of the times they have pit-bull and chihuahua mixed breeds. One time I even saw a husky! Believe it or not there's also rabbits and reptiles. To the front of the store there is binders filled with animals found around the city and listed with the date and status. If ever you lose your animal you can also post a flyer in a separate binder for people to look at. As for customer service, on busy days the receptionists look like they're frustrated from the people wanting to adopt, but they handle it pretty well. They accept donations! Anything from beds to blankets, toys to newspapers... They would appreciate it all!If I got to tell someone who is thinking about getting an animal, I suggest you adopt at a shelter, it's the best way to go!
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,3/18/2014,209,228,11,14,11>After stopping by Ruby's Pan Dulce, I decided to drop by here to grab a burrito for lunch. It was a delicious yet impulsive decision on my part! I ended up ordering a mini burrito with grilled chicken, which came out to $4.50 with tax. The burrito was well worth the price, as I discovered when I bit into it for the first time. The first bite was savory. The second bite confirmed it. The third bite led me to conclude it was one of the best burritos I'd ever had. I'll definitely be back in the future when a burrito craving hits!Edit 11/7/13: I've added photos of the take-out menu since the one that someone else had placed was hard to read.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,3/17/2014,230,35,14,16,17>From September to February, Angie loves: 1) NFL Sunday Ticket2) Pizza3) Bottomless MimosasMy three Fall loves assemble together, ready to tailgate, faces painted and jerseys that initially begin unstained by beer every Sunday at 4th Street Pizza.  This sublime congregation of American treasures is gracefully held together by rich dark stained wood EVERYWHERE, specials EVERYDAY and 25 glorious TV's that surround you in EVERYTHING football, like a swaddled baby burrito.  Mmm, cozy.  Although the Three Amigos, the Three Musketeers and the Three Stooges work best as a packaged deal, let me inject some learning into y'alls cerebrum:1) NFL Sunday Ticket - With 25 TV's, that means minimal to zero hair pulling and eye poking to watch your team get that illustrious W and at the same time watching your rival team get that dirty L.  All LCD's and Plasmas, none of those prehistoric boxes with moving pictures here.  Updated and in beautiful color.  2) Pizza - Large 2 topping pizzas are on special for $15.99 on Sundays.  Otherwise, a large pizza will run pretty steep at $25+, especially when that midget Roman swathed in orange is handing out the pot smoker's ambrosia for $5.  The pizza is good, not great.  The pizza menu is pretty extensive, so let your pizza freak flag fly.  I've also had the wings here and no stamp of approval from me on those.  They tasted like frozen wings, which were then nuked.  Not tasty.  An all around positive review on the food was Sunday brunch.  Three breakfast choices + bottomless mimosas = $20.  3) Bottomless Mimosas - $12 till 2PM.  So, this may be one of the few times or perhaps, the only time you can look forward to a 10AM game so that your Sunday can start with 4 hours of drowning your innards in champagne with a touch of OJ.  Talk about the epitome of Sunday Funday.  Your best bet for bottomless is to come early to get a seat at the bar where the goal of service is to get yo ass tipsy and dishing out pretty bills for tipping.  Love dat, :o).  My version of the Holy Trinity plus the sterling company of  my boyfriend/my all year round love made this Sunday worthy of commentary.  So there, read, experience, get your tipsy on and FUC this exposition like you mean it.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,3/16/2014,2665,2597,14,15,13>I guess people have not had good experiences here in the past (or apparently also recently) ... but I personally really liked this place. I came here and dragged my gun buddy here because we were bored one day and this place had great reviews. I honestly never actually been to a gun shop around here, just FFL's at people's houses so ... not the same experience for sure.I liked that this place was clean, well lit, the displays were nicely done. They had an impressive selection of hand guns, particularly glocks and hard to find glocks at that! The staff was friendly and no-nonsense. They were knowledgable and gave me the information that I needed to make an informed decision NOT based on price. I liked that they were very down to earth in this way and weren't in it for the profits.I think they're a solid shop and I'll probably be going back for other things in the future! Oh and the cute dogs aren't a bad part of the deal either!
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,3/15/2014,559,389,6,11,9>The name of the place says it all - "Crepes and More." I came here with Ken L. for lunch on MLK Day. Not only do they have crepes, they also serve Vietnamese rice and vermicelli dishes, Mitchell's ice cream ($3.50 for a single scoop), shaved ice, flat fortune cookies, as well as beef meat balls in the refrigerated area at the front.Since there were so many options of savory and sweet crepes to choose from, we decided to share one of each. Savory crepes start around $7.95 and sweet crepes start around $6.50. We ordered the #1 - chicken, mushroom, spinach, and onion savory crepe and the strawberry banana crepe with nutella. Both crepes were pretty good. I especially liked the flavors in the savory crepe. We got a lot of banana and strawberries in our sweet crepe and I'm glad that they didn't skimp on the fruit unlike other places I've been too.I read in other yelp reviews and learned that they have a loyalty stamp card for a free crepe after buying 10 crepes. I'll definitely have to remember to ask about that the next time I'm there. Overall, I thought the food and service was great. Can't wait to come back and try other items off their menu.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,3/14/2014,214,246,10,13,11>We had a little extra time for lunch so we decided take a little field trip out of the Menlo Park/Palo Alto area.  My supervisor wanted to take us to a Korean restaurant he liked.I had the mixed seafood, vegetable casserole with bean paste (Seafood Deng Jang Chi Ghe).  Two of our co-workers are vegetarian. So my supervisor took the lead (a native speaker) and consulted our server they worked out which dishes were veg head safe. My soup came in a sizzling stone bowl filled with soup.  The soup consisted of pieces of fish, clams, tofu and veggies in a nice spicy seafood based broth. The broth stayed hot for a long time, it took awhile to cool down each bite. So I took my time and slurped my way to the bottom of the bowl. Cold weather food at it's best. I was full, toasty, and headed for a massive food coma attack when we got back to the office.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/13/2014,553,122,10,23,14>Thank you State of Grace for doing a superb job on my tattoo! I think one of the most important things about a tattoo parlor is how comfortable the artists and the place makes you feel. Because, let's be real, getting a tattoo is a frightening thing since it hurts a lot and it is on your body permanently. You really don't want to go to a place that makes you feel the least bit uncomfortable. To continue from that, I definitely say State of Grace made me feel so at home and not nervous at all. I have to give a shoutout to the artist that worked on me and my friend, Beau. He was very approachable, laid-back, honest, and very easy to communicate with. I went with my friend and he did both of our tats. This is my third one and it was the first time for my friend. Beau is really good at scripts so it was perfect that my friend found him because she was getting words along her rib cage. I only got a small symbol on my wrist and I already had my design. My friend didn't bring a design but just had some ideas of fonts. From her descriptions, Beau definitely drew out the font that my friend was completely satisfied with. In addition, he was very good at recommending where to place the tattoo since me and my friend are tattoo noobs. LOL. Anyway, both of our sessions were pretty fast. Mine was about 5-10 minutes and hers was about 10-15 minutes. Seriously the fastest I've seen scripts done. He really wasn't kidding about how expert he was on doing words. We were both very satisfied and despite the speed, nothing was sloppy. I think this place is more known for its intricate Japanese arts and drawings (dragons, kois, oni, lion, tiger, phoenix, etc. and not the tacky kind either). But definitely works too for first-timers or those with other tattoo ideas. I saw some really cool native-american tattoo designs up on Beau's workstation. Btw, the base is $100 and the rest is added on depending on the amount of time.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,3/10/2011,69,191,7,13,10>371 reviews for this place and they have a solid 4 stars, this tells you something about the food.  Yep, it's pretty good.  I've been wanting to eat here for several months, but it's pretty much an outside place.  Stone patio furniture make up the immediate decor, plus many brightly colored pots with lots of fernage and plummage.  It looked like several chow wagons put together, but when I actually ate here today, I found there was method to their madness.First and foremost, you must have cash, because this is cash ONLY.  (Now you know it's gonna be good, dontcha!)!  My sister and I shared a natchos platter that was very big and very tasty.  I also had a scallop taco (3 bucks) and some more chips and salsa to spread around.  My niece, Camie would be in salsa heaven, because they have the best salsa I have tasted here.  Fresh, chunky, hot and mmmmmmm!You order in the cashier shack and they give you a number to put on the table.  In good time, your food will be brought to you and then you can start scarfing it down.  When you order a seafood taco, you will be asked what fish you want... yep, you have your choice between halibut, salmon, scallops, tallapia... I wanted one of each, but I controlled myself.  The taco came with a wedge of lime, hot sauce (green) and cabbage.  It was perfection itself.The nachos were good, with lots of chicken, beans, cheese, jalepenos, pico de gallo.  TASTY!!!  The selections of drinks were canned soda of the Pepsi varieties, horchatca, aqua fresca and cerveza.  I had diet Pepsi, my sis had water.I went to go wash my hands before lunch and was surprised to find one of the cleanest and neatest bathrooms I have ever found at a restaurant.  In my book, a place that cares about its bathroom, cares about its food.  I was very impressed by its cleanliness.I loved Dia de Pesca and its Si food (their pun, not mine).  I know I will go back again and again.  It's a great place that I gratefully put on my warm day agenda!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,3/9/2011,244,197,7,15,9>Again a review from me on a restaurant that is not yet open.  I will definitely update this when I get to see the place in action.  The empanadas are BAKED not fried --- YUP, BAKED!  The idea of the restaurant is simple yumminess.  Not a lot of fancy stuff on the menu.  According to the website they will offer seven** different empanadas.  Last night (09/01/10) we were offered four of the seven to try.The beef tri-tip was good.  I would prefer shredded beef, but it was good.  This empanada has enough flavor to be eaten on its own, the sauces are not needed.The ham and cheese was awesome.  The menu says "heat" so I was not looking forward to it, but it was not hot.  And I remember seeing some green in there and chives are sticking in my head.  I don't know if that was what I was seeing and tasting, but these empanadas also had enough flavor to be eaten without the sauces.  They also had a GREAT amount of cheese in them.  We were told we could get two so I got four different flavors and then John and I split them and this one was a cheese connection . . . ya know when you have to pull and pull and pull because of the cheese?  The corn empanada required a sauce.  It was good, but lacking any type of flavor.  This was my least favorite of the four flavors we sampled.My most favorite (oh you are going to be so surprised!) was the pizza.  Really?!?!  It had the most flavor to me.  It didn't need a sauce either.  The menu says that they all have cheese, but I didn't sense any in the corn or the beef.  The pizza had a good amount and the ham and cheese was REALLY cheesy.  The dessert one was very good.  I am not a fan of fruit like that, but it was good.  It had a great flavor.  I also got some greens.  Both of our salads didn't have anything in them, but later I noticed that other people's salads had "stuff" (carrots, tomatoes, etc.) in them.  The Ranch dressing is good.  The menu says freshly made and it reminded me of the kind you make from the envelope, thinner than the bottle kind.  It had a great flavor.  Adding this to the empanadas added a different level to their flavors and was really good.The raspberry vinaigrette was the perfect level of sweet.  I put it on my lettuce.  I didn't try it on any of the empanadas.  The blended churri sauce was perfect.  Not hot (yay!) and it also added a great layer of flavor to each of the empanadas.  I am looking forward to this restaurant opening and I will probably be having empanadas at my next party because they hope to offer party trays.  The location is a good one in downtown San Jose.  I am really looking forward to seeing how they restaurant will be set up and how it will work out for them.  Can't wait.  I am crossing my fingers and sending good thoughts for the target open date of September 8th.**09/09/10 You might notice Nicole corrected me.  I wasn't counting the dessert empanada when I said they will be offering seven different empanadas.  And I sure many people will love the sweet one!  And the didn't make the 8th, but hopefully will make the 13th.  Fingers crossed for them and still sending good thought!  (Thanks, Nicole!)
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2010,3/7/2011,299,340,11,15,14>I love the idea of being able to get dim sum all day without eating in a formal restaurant with carts. Although I was in SF today and wanted dim sum, it became too late to indulge my craving. But on my way back to SJ around 6, I realized that I might be in luck with Dim Sum King.I'd tried the siu mai at a party on Friday (thanks, Donna!), so picked up an order (3 pieces for $2.25) of these, plus shrimp and chive dumplings, spareribs in black bean sauce, and one baked BBQ pork bun ($1.10). Both types of dumplings were huge. The siu mai was good, but the shrimp and chive ones were too oily for my taste. What I usually love about this type of dumpling is that they are pan fried to be nicely toasted. These were just oily and I didn't finish them. The spareribs were lightly seasoned with black bean and chili, but also pretty oily. The baked BBQ pork bun was perfect.For the price and easy availability on a Sunday evening (open until 8 p.m.), Dim Sum King was worth a stop. I may try them again, but it will be a hard choice with Adamson's French Dip in the same shopping center.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,3/6/2011,157,1016,38,40,34>I surprised my foodie extraordinaire with tickets to see Jerry Seinfeld in Cupertino and wanted to have a special dinner in the area beforehand. Nevermind that I'm a vegetarian, my foodie extraordinaire loves steaks so Alexanders seemed like the natural choice (he LOVED the New York Trio - Japanese A5, Australian F1, and American Beef, and a side of some seared foie gras). As we pulled into the parking lot for our early dinner on Friday, I immediately recognized that my Prius was symbolic as it parked next to the Porsche GT2 - just as I can appreciate the beauty of a GT2 (even if it is a rough ride), a vegetarian can appreciate a steakhouse like Alexanders (just look to the right when entering the restaurant, trust me).Pros:*in house made bread was super yummy!*tuffled french fries?! simply to die for!*impressive cheese selection (sheep, goat, and cow)*great wine selection*fantastic waitress/service in general*cotton candy when you leave!Cons:*the host was rude*the only vegetarian entrée (the Field of Dreams) was nothing worth writing home about, I wouldn't order it againTips:*don't rush this meal - if you're on a tight schedule save the trip to Alexander's for another night*My recommendation to vegetarians - stick to ordering off the sides, they're delicious - my favs included the truffled french fries (straight from heaven!), the truffled mac n' cheese, and the mushroom risotto.Bottom line, Alexander's is quite a dining experience, if Michelin reviewed steakhouses they'd definitely have a star - I can't wait to return!
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,3/4/2011,1167,294,13,30,14>Karol is mucho dinero. I already knew this coming in. However, I'm tired of loosing my eyelash glue, hate paying for $5 for fake eyelashes and having to clean them to try to reuse them a couple of more times. Also, it discourages me to wear them when I see pictures of girls with unevenly placed fake eyelashes. It just looks.. fake. A big factor in choosing Karol was the fact that there were more than 5 reviews on her. From what I notice, she specializes in eyelash extensions (she does offers other services), and other reviewers had more than 5 reviews on their profile. It didn't hurt that she was 5 minutes away from work. Don't ever be late or it could cost you! She charges a ($50 to reschedule for a new set, $20 for fill) late fee, and will only complete it for the remaining time of your scheduled appointment. If you don't show up at all, she charges the full amount for a new set, or $50 to reschedule for a fill. YIKES. I was a new client on my second fill, and she was nice enough to let me slide for being late and just made me reschedule. I wouldn't count on it for next time, so be warned.I went to her twice for a full set of the Standard "Glam". She offers the Glam ($250), Sass ($325), and Diva ($400)- all three also available in Mink for $50 more. I came maybe 2-3 more times for fills, which cost from $70 after two weeks, $90 after 3, and $110 after 4. You really get what you pay for here. She creates a serene and quiet environment (no cellphones!). She books appointments through Lux Image Agency, and has her own separate office behind the salon, so there is no noise but the Pandora station. She is very gentle, and made me fall asleep a few times. The quality of the eyelashes she uses are really nice. Very natural looking. I hoped to get longer eyelashes, but she didn't want to stress them (she bonds them to my own eyelashes), and have them break my own. I couldn't stop staring at them. She definitely takes your eye shape into account, and makes them pop. I wore less make up when I had them on me.My only qualm with her is cost. Super expensive, I love to spend money on my vanity (ESPECIALLY LASHES), but I might as well get some hi-lights with the money I spend on maintaining. The more lashes you get, the pricier it gets. In addition, I don't feel it's fair to charge fills according to weeks. Not everyone loses lashes at the same rate.If you've got the money and can show up on time (or be okay with late fees) and want to upgrade your lashes, come see her.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,3/2/2011,181,656,4,10,7>Five stars just for the sake of being convenient, and allowing families and pet owners to still enjoy nights out without having to leave behind their families and pets!My boyfriend and I recently acquired a puppy, and we were basically thinking that our date nights would come to an end. But no, we found this perfect solution - as long as your dog can hold his or her pee/poo for a few hours, you're set! There isn't really grass to walk around or go to the bathroom, so if your dog only likes to pee/poo in grass, that's one thing you should note. There are some dirt patches around the edges of the very large parking areas.The food here is also really cheap - 2 tacos (chicken and beef), 1 Nathan's hot dog, 1 large popcorn, 1 YanYan (yeah, the strawberry or chocolate Asian snack!), 1 large bottle of water, 1 large soda (it's the smallest size), and 1 cheeseburger - $23. Yes, this was for two people. And yes, it's way overkill. The cheeseburger is not great but the tacos are surprisingly good. And Nathan's, well, you can't go wrong with that!Most of the folks who come here are pretty considerate and will try to not flash the headlights onto the screen. There is definitely a lot of tailgating, and children, though I think we were the only one around us that had a dog. Also, one other awesome thing is that no matter where you park you have a great view of the screen thank to the raised parking spots.Date night is back!
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,3/1/2011,1596,841,16,27,20>CVSC is an awesome place to shoot sporting clays. It's a great alternative activity for those who get bored with their regular date nights, or a group of people looking for something to do.You don't need to bring anything but your lovely self as you can rent all of the equipment here. If you don't have a gun, you can rent one for the day and buy a few boxes of ammo. Basically they have a counter you put into each station that will keep track of how many clays have been pulled (aka released in the air to be shot at). If you're into the "golf" aspect, you play with a group and keep track of your shots. I kind of went around and watched my boyfriend shoot each station and decided if I wanted to waste ammo trying to hit the clays. There are a bunch of different stations and the variety here is very good compared to other ranges.I found a few stations that had "easier" shots for me and parked myself there until I was able to adjust my aim to hit the clays. What's also kind of nice is their little BBQ lunch. We've been here a few times but on a Sunday we noticed they had the grill going. After almost swallowing some yellow jackets (seriously they are BRAVE), we got a cheeseburger which came with a chili (complete with a yellow jacket trying to eat out of it), salad, watermelon, and a cookie. They have a cooler inside the main building which sells soda, beer, some snacks, etc.The best part is that if you're with someone who has trouble walking, or doesn't want to walk, you can rent a golf cart. Every time I've been here, I've had a great time. The last time I passed by, I got a nice bunch of leaves to use as a project for my class and the kids loved all the different kinds of leaves. I digress. This place is great, the people you meet are friendly, there's food, and best of all, there are cats that hang out up front. What else do you need?
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,2/28/2011,144,305,18,21,15>Heck yea I was nervous. First time handling a gun. It was also my companion's first time, so two beginners and a gun...mmmm....ehhh. We went during happy hour which came out to roundabout 35 dollars. One gun (9 dollars), 2 earmuffs, 2 pairs of earplugs, 2 targets (like 50 cents each), 50 bullets, shooter fees, and less than 30 min of shooting = worthwhile. You need to sign forms and provide your drivers license so DO NOT FORGET YOUR DRIVERS LICENSE. Thereafter, you are sent to a tv to watch safety and guidance with handling a gun for about 10 minutes. It made me more nervous when it talked about making sure the gun doesn't fire after you think it has been fired or what not. Then it told you to becareful with how you hold the gun. You don't cross your thumb behind the barrel because it snaps back after you fire which can potentially make your thumb go BYEBYE. So everytime I shot, I triple checked to make sure no phalanges were behind the barrel. Oh, we weren't too confident after the video, but good thing they go over it real quickly and make us demonstrate it to make sure we know what we are doing. Honestly, even then, I was still not confident enough =/ Oh well? Ahha, nervous laughter. I would recommend ear plugs & ear muffs especially if you have a pro-shooter in the lane next to you who distracts you and scares you with every bullet they fire while you are trying to fire for the first time ever..which delays your first shot by many many minutes. I was like, OKAY OKAY I AM RE-  *BAM from the next lane over...  uhhh okay focus...I GOT THIS, OKAY READY NOW *BAM from the next lane over... "thinking, can you please not shoot for one minute so i don't get startled by your firing?" but with adrenaline rushing, i became immune to that dude's bullets and just went for it. The recoil was stronger than I imagined, but it was awesome. It was only a pistol too HAHAHA. I would definitely go back, but if you've never been and you want to, please give it a try. BE CAREFUL THOUGH.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,2/27/2011,163,368,8,12,10>Delicious ready made pastas and sauces.  The butternut squash gnocchi was amazing, especially with the Alfredo sauce.  We picked up a few items to enjoy throughout the week but they also had lobster ravioli's, mushroom, chicken, etc.  They also had a good selection of various pasta sauces and Italian deli products.  The deli itself was packed on a weekday during the lunch hour.  Hopefully I can make it back soon to try out that section of the store.  It looked like a treasure trove of delicious Italian goods.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/3/2010,2/26/2011,989,460,12,14,9>3.5 STARSA girlfriend of mine is expecting a baby girl and in the mist of planning her pink-themed baby shower, we heard from a friend about this PINK guava cake which we knew we just had to have! We stopped by and each got a guava cake parfait to try instead of jumping the gun and buying the whole cake. The cake was light, fluffy and not too sweet. I have a major sweet tooth, but not everyone is like that so it was nice to have found a medium. Although, their guava taste isn't that strong as I would have liked.I came back three weeks later to pick up the actual cake. Service was like a movie playing in slow motion. There were about three people (who came together) in front of me with about three employees behind the counter. I just needed to pay and pick up the darn cake. I don't know why I had to wait behind indecisive people who were still deciding on what they wanted from the display. It was hot outside and I was in no mood to hear, "How about this one? Hmm...wait, this looks good too. Should I get one or two? Oh my god...this is too cute to eattt. Uhh...I don't know which one to pickk." C'mon, seriously? I'm usually a very patient person and don't really speak up but these people have got to be kidding me. It got to the point where I just waved down the wandering employee and told him I was just there for pick up. The lady then waved me over and showed me my cake. I really just wanted to get outta there so I didn't even stay long enough to think of what I wanted to be written on the cake. I hand her my card but she tells me that counter doesn't have a card machine so she points me over back in the other direction. Ugh.Nice looking cakes, but they need icing on their service.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,3/11/2010,386,452,14,18,15>I'm always in the mood to try new places and venture outside my comfort zone, especially when I know there are so many places which are held in high regard by people I know that I've never been, Sushi Coast happened to be one of them.When we pulled up to the restaurant at around 7pm on a Tuesday night, the place was dead, literally, which got me kinda worried and I was already thinking in my head, shoot if this place doesn't turn out good I"ll never hear the end of it. Also when we walked inside, we were the only ones there. However, once seated and the food started coming out my mind was put at ease. Food:- Cucumber in a vinergary sauce topped with seaweed salad (nice complimentary appetizer)- Nigiri: Uni, Hamachi, Inari, Tamago (The inari surprised me, much better than I expected)- Hawaii Roll: Crab, Avocado, Spicy Tuna- Flower Roll: Crab, Avocado, Salmon on top- Godzilla: Crispy Spicy Tuna (spicy tuna with crispy flakes around it)- King Roll: Crab, Tobiko topped with cooked spicy salmonOverall everything tasted fresh and the service was good. The lady came around and was attentive (but that could also be because we were one of the only ones there). To a certain someone...*smirk*
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,3/10/2010,878,405,24,29,23>"To Infinity and Beyond!"  We had all-you-can-eat sushi for lunch and I think we did beyond all we can.  Four of us ordered three sushi rolls each....four times.  We ended up sharing and devouring about 45 orders of sushi, and some of them were their humongous special rolls.  AYCE is well worth the price.  I think they lost money on us! Other than my usual Negi Hama and Spider orders, a few more that stood out in taste, color, and freshness were...Helen's roll - unagi and shrimp tempura.  Best of both worlds!Black MT - salmon maki with a nice crunchGolden Gate - deep fried salmon skin goodnessBreakfast - bacon, crab, egg, vegetable.  Great concept!David - saba with lots of ginger...mmmSmoking - so flavorful with smoked salmon, onion, salt, and lemon juice.There's plenty of sushi to choose from with a variety of fresh ingredients.  Though, there's something about cream cheese and sushi that doesn't work for me.  And the tea bags (per cup) didn't work for me either.  I appreciated the presentation, friendly service, and J pop.  Thanks Ron for the treat!  Looks like we could hit this place up again before a Sharks game.  Gotta take advantage of their internet coupons!
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2009,3/8/2010,854,542,47,30,29>If VIP Oriental was a girl...If VIP was a girl, she'd be like the meanest girl you've ever known and she'd treat you like sh*t all the damn time. It'd be like she's got reverse PMS and was a total b*tch for 28 days instead of 3.  And every time she burned you (and mind you, she burns you ev'er'y time), you swear its the last time... its the last time......its the last time this time till the next time.But you keep going back hoping it'll be different somehow. Why?Because you is a probably a sucka, that's true......but when its good, its gooooood, it's *ooh-ahh* good.She'll burn you every time, you know that, right?Pick yourself up off the floor.______________________Bring the pain.I kinda like it.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,3/7/2010,292,189,14,19,15>This ain't no Top Ramen joint. How many ways are there to prepare ramen? Apparently like 70+ according to the window display. Alright, granted the numbers included small, medium, large choices - I opted for the spicy miso with extra pork static.px.yelp.com/bphot. They also have combo options that include a Regular size bowl of ramen and a side of rice & egg. But no thanks, I didn't come here for rice!After reading the reviews, I was afraid the line would be long around lunchtime. But not bad at all, waited in line for about 10 mins to order around 12:30PM on a weekday and another 15 mins for my number to be called - times like this I thank my iPhone + facebook app.Perfect noodle chewiness, flavorful broth that wasn't too spicy but hot enough to get my nosy runny, and melt in your mouth fatty pork. Sure, for ten bucks I can get 100 packs of ramen (yanno 10/$1 at Safeway) but no way can I get it to taste as good as this.Do things taste better with wooden chopsticks? More rustic maybe?!  And I love how it's located inside Mitsuwa market so I can stock up on Hi-Chews and Pocky after a tummy full of ramen.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,3/6/2010,230,172,11,16,13>I brought little Cookie here to be spayed. The facilities were extremely clean and the office staff were courteous, knowledgeable, and efficient! I brought her in the morning and she was back in my arms at 3!They offer a very low cost spay and neuter program. It was $50 for Cookie's spay & another $25 for microchipping. They also offer various vaccinations at a super low price without the need to wait in those long clinic lines. It's also cheaper than going to your vet because there is no vet appointment fee.They are constantly in need of donations! If you can't offer monetary donations, they also need old towels, treats, and toys!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,3/5/2010,325,639,7,10,9>My Ratings:Quality of Food - 5 Stars Quantity of Food - 5 Stars Price - 5 Stars Location - 4 Stars Parking - 3 Stars Service - 5 Stars Speed - 4 Stars My Opinion/Story:I've been hearing about Peter's Bakery for a while and even when I lived by Alum Rock for 3 years, I still didn't go to Peter's.  "Why?", you asked, "I don't know" is my answer.  It was only until I searched for my wedding cake did I even consider this place.  I was told they have the BEST burnt almond cake and their pastries are suppose to be really good.. it's bad for you!  Still, I just went inside to look at the place but I didn't even bother tasting their pastries.  I left and went on with my cake search.  So, after my wedding, my co-worker brought in a box of super moist, super delicious chocolate donuts that I think I was in-love.  As it turns out, the person who brought in those donuts love them so much that two years ago, he had three of those and had a heart attack.  Really.. those donuts are to die for!!!  He was nice enough to bring some for us and since then Peter's has been in my list of places to try.About 2 months ago, my husband and I decided to see what else is good there.  After dropping off my dog at the nearby grooming place, we walked to Peter's.  Parking was ok and the shop is your typical, local bakery.  Greeted by the aroma of sweet bread and tasty treats as well as several servers behind the counter, we moved closer to the glass display to see what delightful goodies we'll get.  Ohhhh, too much to choose.  We did get some of their donuts, some bread type pastries, cupcakes, and a lemon meringue.  I don't usually like tangy stuffs, but one taste of that lemon meringue made me a fan for life.  I've never tasted anything so complex that mixed both tangy and sweet in a perfect medley.  It was heavenly!!!  Since then, I go back to Peter's just for their lemon meringue.  I have tasted their burnt almond cake and yes.. it's really good.  I'm not sure if I can say it's the best just yet.. but so far it's on top my list.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,3/4/2010,989,460,24,20,19>My non-Asian friend was driving around, frantically looking for a place to get a massage (he's on-leave from the Marines). He usually goes to the ones that charge $65-$150/hr. and you're half-naked. I took him here, warning him in advance that it may not be the classiest place. He told me that he didn't care. His body was aching so I felt no need for further hesitation. When you walk in, it's really dark. They have two rows of chairs facing the same direction. The masseuse doesn't speak much of English except for 'sit', 'lay' and 'turn around'. Right when you sit down, you're shown to roll up your pant legs (it's best to wear shorts) and they bring out this tub with boiling water in a bag for your feet to soak in. It's as exactly as it sounds but not as bad as it seems lol. Following that, we're asked to lay down while they scrub and massage our calves and feet with some sort of oil beads. It was the best part. I literally fell asleep! They massage your entire body. The only strange thing was when they scratch your head like crazy. After we were done, I turned around to check on my friend. I asked him how it was, and to my surprise, he loved it! I was iffy at first because I warned him ahead of time that it's not what he would be used to and it is a little different. When we got to the counter, it was $20/hr. per person. He was SHOCKED. It was hilarious. He paid and walked over to both of our masseuse and tipped them each a $20. He said it was the best massage he ever got and his masseuse got every part of his body that ached. We have this thing that if we take each other somewhere and it sucks, we get to punch the other person in the face. Let's just say, whew!
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,3/3/2010,169,661,9,11,9>Following a tough week where there was a mass involuntary exodus at my company, I needed a drink, and Duke of Edinburgh was the place that we decided to go and unwind.  To make it an oh-so-healthy evening, I decided to have a basket of fries with curry gravy, and a hefeweizen.  It was a Lenten Friday, afterall, otherwise I would have had the Scottish eggs.  I mean, what other group of people would batter fry a hard boiled egg.  Genius, I tell you.  GENIUS!We arrived at around 9pm, and the place seemed to be hopping with some of Silicon Valley's finest, but were lucky enough to score our own "private" room.  Again.  Awesome.  We were a group of five, seated at a somewhat enclosed room where we could be as loud as we wanted without fear of annoying other patrons.  Can this place get any better?Totally laid back atmosphere, with a no-frills attitude.  Definitely a great place if you need to unwind.  I just find that juxtaposition of a English-style pub in the middle of Cupertino Village to be a little strange, but, hey, that's California for you!
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,3/2/2010,564,356,16,24,17>FINALLY - I got to try this place! I've been going back and forth about trying this restaurant based on the food pictures alone but was hesitant because I haven't been craving Italian for awhile. I'm so glad that I came in and gave it a try!We came in and wasn't sure what to expect - there was no hostess to help us and there was just a huge sign hanging from the ceiling. After the owner (?) got off the phone, he explained that you pre-order, sit down and they will deliver your food to you. We ended up choosing the Daily Dinner Special (2 pasta dishes, 2 salads, garlic bread and your own bottle of wine) with J getting the Chicken Alfredo and the Chicken Pesto Spaghetti for myself and we went with the Cab as our wine bottle choice. I like the idea of the salad bar - it's very small but got to add as much salad dressing as I wanted (if you know me, I like tons of sauces and dressings galore). Our food came to our table very quickly, piping hot and looking quite delicious. AND...... it was! I was very happy with our choices and loved my Pesto pasta - to die for!The service was incredibly friendly and the owner was very sweet and talked about his restaurant and how proud he was of it. We were one of the last people there but didn't feel rushed at all to leave - I can't wait to come back here again!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,3/1/2010,866,266,9,15,15>Been here a number of times, most recently tonight to celebrate my wife's birthday! Felicia was our waitress and she was superb - friendly and efficient. Indulged in the fondue feast for two which included two chef salads, cheese fondue, main course fondue and dessert fondue, all for a little under $100.Chef salads - consistently delicious. Love 'em with honey mustard dressing.Cheese fondue - had the stinking rose with swiss. Very good. I was kinda leaning towards a cheddar, but I was overruled by the birthday girl. This course comes with breads, grapes, potatoes and few other things to dip. They'll refill the dipping items for you, but we found we ran out of cheese before we ran out of the items.Main course fondue - for the fondue feast, you select two items from each of three columns. We chose: antelope, pacific white shrimp, sea scallops, teriyaki sirloin, fondue chinoise cheddar, and duck. Enjoyed everything except the duck... i know, i'm a quack!Dessert fondue - chocotastic, which was bittersweet chocolate and hazelnut. Served up with strawberries, snickers chunks, chocolate chip cookie dough, marshmallows, cream puffs, and more. We ordered 3 more cream puffs (for $1) cuz they were so good. La Fondue is getting five stars from me because I've consistently had good food here over the years, and consistently good service. I think it's better than the Melting Pot, and it's deserving of the highest rating because I don't know of any other place in the area that does a better job of serving up fondue. Great for a special occasion, or just because...
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,12/3/2009,279,310,13,13,13>I chose Fahrenheit as the beginning to my Downtown Bar hop first off because of it's location and second because I had never been there before. First off, reservation was easy enough to make, it was for six but luckily they gave us a table for eight because we needed it. It was their four year anniversary but our party didn't arrive until after nine so we couldn't partake in the free food and liquor. No prob. First cocktail was a goose and tonic, well balanced flavor but small cup slightly overpowered with ice. Kevin Badri and I sipped on our coctails waiting for the others...once everyone arrived we got our table and ordered an array of small and large plates. I ordered chicken rolls and seared ahi tuna, we also had duck, asparagus rolls, tar tar, chicken and walnut salad and several other dishes at our table. The food was pretty good I have to say I was not disappointed. Along with a few more cocktails the meal itself was good. One thing I didn't like was how loud the music was. OK I know that this turns into a club but it is technically a restaurant/lounge as wellk and so the music should be adjusted prior to it turning into a club...I couldn't even really hear anyone talking while we were eating dinner...so tweeting and texting became our form of communication. Since we had a late dinner the people started coming in for the club/lounge and we were deserted by our waitress for a while...towards the end we felt like we could walk out and not be noticed it was that bad...then she showed up...we ordered our last cocktails and asked her to bring the check with it....cocktails came...no check...then it finally came. I was a little perturbed but I understand she got sidetracked by a bottle service party...we didn't stay for dancing but I could see a wall of Douchey guys orming around the dance floor which told me we made the right decision to hop else where.The crowd seemed cool, trendy the "are you looking at me" type but the music was alright...I might come lounge here one night. Def check it out if you are into this particular scene. So in short dinner was good, music was too loud, service was ok, crowd not so bad-typical of DT SJ...Oh.... and as the night went on my cocktails got stronger each time i ordered another....which rocks..
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2009,12/2/2009,299,340,14,19,16>If I lived in Santa Cruz, I'd want to hang out at Kelly's all the time. The bakery is part of a small collective of shops and wine-tasting rooms a short drive from the coast. What really sets Kelly's apart, though, especially on sunny days, is the outdoor patio. And this is where I'd love to spend my days reading, sipping coffee, and indulging in some wonderful-looking baked goods.When my friend and I arrived for breakfast just before they finished serving at 11 am, I had to stop myself from lingering in front of the mesmerizing pastry display case and instead hurriedly looked at the breakfast menu. There were a few specials listed, and I chose the Van Jo--a croissant with egg, ham, and gruyere--plus a latte. But on the way outside to claim a table, I had to give in to temptation and stopped to ogle the pastries, fruit tarts, danishes, cookies, and cakes--they all looked delicious.We relaxed at a table in the little courtyard and leisurely ate our breakfasts. My croissant was buttery, flaky, and filling--so I didn't really have room for dessert. Next time I'll have to indulge my sweet tooth with some of the eye-catching baked goods.Kelly's also serves lunch, and the daily specials are posted on the website. I noticed there was a fatoush salad scheduled for that day, and I was excited to try their version. Again, though, I was too full! I'll have to plan an entire day in Santa Cruz soon so I can try Kelly's for breakfast and lunch!
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,12/1/2009,696,211,20,22,19>You know how there are those noobs that come in a store and ask for something super vague, and with the vocabulary of "uhms.." "stuff and like.." tied to their descriptions? Sadly, I'm one of these noobs. Gas prices are rising, and a broke college student such as yours truly can't keep up with it! So I turn to my bike to take me places. The store is on the not-so-spacious side, and I find myself becoming claustrophobic when I'm there on busy hours. But I'm not here to whine about the lack of space, this review is about their service!I've come here for parts and for their services. Super friendly, very warm and welcoming. At first I expected a bite or some sort of pretentious attitude towards noobie cyclists but it wasn't the case here. No need to name drop coz they carry most of the brands that people look for, and if they don't have it they'll order it in for you. $15 to break down my bike, and about $25-$30 to put it back together - the price varies a lot so it's best if you go down there yourself and get a quote.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2008,11/30/2009,290,302,24,25,24>Cute little grocery store nestled in downtown San Jose. Do some shopping, walk over the road for a beer in San Jose Bar & Grill followed by a tasty meal in PF-Changs. All in the same block. Sweet.Fine selection of cheeses and fresh meats. I'm dying to taste the "secret black marinade" tri-tip. It looked yummy.The breads looked fresh and tasty too - especially the ciabatta rolls.They also have a surprisingly good choice of wines for reasonable prices. We even saw Opus One and Camus !!!Finally, I couldn't finish his review without mentioning the happy and helpful staff. Its just a shame this place is downtown... On the bright side, you can get your parking across the street validated - just watch you dont get hit by VTA as you make the left turn (JeannetteZ).
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,11/29/2009,648,170,15,16,15>Round two in placing my faith in Yelp mobile has again brought good fortune, food and drink upon my group of travelers.  I needed to find an Italian restaurant accessible to a large group (14) and even though I was not able to make reservations in advance they were very courteous in accommodating our group.Due to the impressive amount of consumption this evening I will only speak to that which I personally had a hand in ordering.  Being of partial Italian extraction on my father's side of the family I was always taught that there was a specific order in which to eat, (Antipasti, Insalate/Zuppa, Pasta, Secondi and most importantly Tiramisu)One thing I picked up on right away was that the silverware on the table corresponded to this order pefectly.  (Score!)  And when they brought out fresh, warm bread with oil and vinegar I knew things would go well.  (And I'm not talking butter and salt sticks, you hear me Olive Garden, because I'm looking right at you!)The Antipasto Italiano, Calamari Fritti and Carpaccio were excellent and even the Insalata Caesar were impressive.  The Spaghetti Bolognese was superb, although I only had a little, I was quickly approaching fullness and wanted to leave enough room for the Pollo alla Valdostana. (Glad I did, it rocked)The extensive wine list gave me too many options, recommended to me was Amarone; (I can't recall which) it was excellent.  I even had the Tiramisu.  (Damn!)  A solid win in my book, the many reviews call this an ideal place to bring a date (it is) but it should not be overlooked for small to medium sized groups as well.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,11/28/2009,428,2224,13,14,11>I don't drink but the motherland was a- callin... and yes. I answered. This was phase II of the dessert and birfday fiasco. Spam musubi-- check (Tetsu I stole two :-P) Calamari with amazing sauce-- double check (which JMC was hording-- greedy bastard) Clean bathroom rooms-- check Cushy places to sit -- check Nice bouncers and staff-- triple check Outside area to smoke outside-- check Good sound check-- quadruple check I had fun watching folks and pouring sake This place is definitely laid back and chill Good selection of my people's firewater I profusely apologize for our loudness.. but at least nothing broke :-) highlights- shirts - JMC asking me if I needed help in the bathroom - Mikey's drunk haiku and "I hella love you" speech (yes Mikey it was like 7 minutes long)
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,11/27/2009,222,319,9,14,11>Coming back from vacation, I find my Corolla parked in my driveway burglarized and the right rear quarter window broken into and my stereo detachable face missing. After the anger subsided, I turned to Yelp to see who I could find to replace the window and apply the tint. Quality Auto Glass & Tint came up and trusted by many Yelpers, so that is where I went. I called up Quality and was given a quote of $100 for both the window and tint. Jim the owner even gave 5% off for paying cash. Saving is saving, especially in these troubling times so I went the cash route. He said he could get me in that morning and it would take only an hour to complete.So I dropped my car off, headed off to lunch (more on that in another review), and when I came back he was just about done with my car. Easy, quick, and with great service. My car was whole again. Well almost. It sucks not having music when driving.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,11/26/2009,304,350,14,15,14>camembert cheese fondue with duck fat fried black truffle fingerling potatoes.do i need to say anything more?holy crap, this place has changed!  this is not the antiquated, stuffy and dusty plumed horse of days gone by.  they've gone and got themselves the chef from aqua and an entirely new interior, a michelin star and now this is a whole new ball game.  the ladies and i dined here pre anthony bourdain at the flint center, the staff was charming and friendly and when the chef found out we were going to see bourdain sent us a lovely little plate of fried shrimp and razor clams that were as tender as butter- delicious!  the crab floating in my crab and asparagus bisque was literally living when i placed my order and then immediately cooked to order.  i felt like some sort of entitled, fat french royalty when i found that out... crazy!   i'll have to come back and try a complete meal here, i haven't had anything that good in saratoga, well... EVER.  5 stars!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,11/25/2009,576,429,22,30,26>!! :)Every once in awhile, when I'm trying to think of a place to eat for a quick, convenient and cheap lunch, I usually come up with the following:- Korean? Too spicy, don't feel like burning a hole in my stomach today.- Chinese? Don't feel like eating too much msg.- Vietnamese? No.- Thai? Been done.- Sushi? Too expensive.- Italian? Too heavy, too much.... list continues...Then I remembered Amir A.'s recently yelped another Greek place so why not? I found Yiassoo on Yelp and its actually super close to my old high school :) One more positive review from my bf and I was sold.We came right before the lunch crowd of Silicon Valley's finest nerdie techies - that's when the line went out the door! I ended up getting the Value Meal = 1 Beef Gyro, 1 Salad and a Soda for $8!! We grabbed their mayo-ranch looking concoction and scored a table outside.The gyro was super tasty with a delicious mix of sliced beef, onions, tomatoes on their warm, fluffy pita. Their ranch-looking sauce was super addicting and I found myself putting squirts of it on every bite I took. The salad was nothing too special: tomatoes, cucumbers, onion, 1 non-pitted olive. a jalapeno and the best part, FETA CHEESE. Still, it was so refreshing and the entire meal was PERFECT especially on such a nice day:)Most items on the menu were less than $10, which I thought was so worth it!! Definitely will be coming back here more often!
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2009,11/24/2009,1596,841,27,28,27>I'm a bit conflicted about Sen Dai Sushi...but for the record my review is 3.5 stars, leaning closer towards a 3.My trip here resulted from convenience as I didn't want to drive all the way to San Jose to hang out with the girls, and I didn't feel comfortable asking them to drive all the way to Fremont when handy dandy Milpitas lies inbetween. Thus, a lot of my Milpitas bookmarks are getting checked out. Resulting in reviews. This is the cycle of Yelp reviews, my good friends.Anyways, upon entering Sen Dai, we were promptly seated near the door, even though we didn't want to be. It was cold and people kept on walking in and out, and as the evening progressed and there was a wait, people would stand at the door and hold it open. Thanks for that. We decided to order the deluxe sashimi dinner, which was supposed to be around 32 pieces of sashimi, if my memory serves me right. The portion seemed really small and the selection was very small. Salmon, tuna, yellow tail, white tuna, squid, and tako. It didn't seem that big and it was rather pricey. I was a bit grumbly about that.We ordered a mix of rolls and nigiri as well, the rolls were alright and the baked scallops were okay as well. I ordered uni and ikura and was a bit unhappy with it. The roe from the uni was cut out into rectangles and plopped on the rice, which is an uni sin! Poor destroyed roe ;_;....the ikura was small, really pungent, and slimy. Yuckie.On the bright side, we were pretty loud and probably ruined several dates for people with our crazy conversation. We were also one of the last tables to leave and the staff wasn't badgering us to get out. Another plus was that Christina made this a hot date, so thanks for dinner! I didn't even have to put out!I'm not sure if I'd venture back here, with so many other sushi joints in the area...I'll think about it and get back to you my fellow Yelpers.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2006,10/16/2006,358,1030,2,7,6>Not bad! Sushi Yoshi offers a comfortable, homey atmosphere with a standard, all inclusive menu - including teriyaki, tempura, curry, katsu, ramen, udon, sushi, sashimi, rolls, etc. And I believe they're currently serving the seasonal cold (hiyashi) ramen. For appetizers, we ordered agedashi tofu, kinpira gobo and mentaiko squid. Kinpira was a bit too oily for us, but other than that, they were all tasty. Chirashi and the rolls were decent. Not spectacular, but good enough. I was also happy at my first sip of miso soup, because I could actually taste some dashi. And I guess you could tell the food is authentic when almost every customer is Japanese?
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2006,10/15/2006,33,70,4,14,9>Been to both Tanto, one on Saratoga Ave/Payne and to this one on El Camino but I like the darker-less-modern look of the Tanto on Saratoga better as it feels more like a Japanese Izakaya.(I'm Japanese, btw) Like other reviewers say, this restaurant serves small dishes(japanese tapas) and it authentic.Each dish usually cost around $8 in average.Atmosphere:***1/2 (3.5)Food:**** (4)  (Authentic)Price:**1/2 (2.5) (could be a $1 or $2 cheaper)This is my 3rd review and this time I actually asked for a copy of the receipt..hehehe...so you guys can get a better idea of the price.Kalbi  $10.50    Saba Oshisushi $8.50Kushi Katsu  $7.50   Buri Daikon  $9.50Nabeyaki Udon  $9.50    Tori Karaage $5.50Shingen Icecream $6.50  Diet Coke $2.00 (can)Other than the "Tori Karaage(Fried chicken Japanese style),Some of the things could be a bit cheaper but the taste is good.Tori Karaage came in little bits(too small) and Nabeyaki Udon was just a 3 star-nothing special. The total came out (without tip) to $67 for two people with no alcohol.(just my friend drinking diet coke!) The tea they serve deserves a 5 star though. Not watered tea and is very good!As some of you may already know, Gochi in Cupertino was opened by people who used to work at Tanto although I would like to keep the names veiled.(chef and the waitress)I've been to Gochi several times but it usually cost about $50 for two(with a guy who eats a lot too) so Tanto might be a little cheaper but by not much. (yes, I'm single and need a lady who would like to go out to do these reviews to get a price for two couples and not two guys..hahaha)The dessert Shingen icecream is very good. Shingen mochi is a famous sweet in Japan(from Yamanashi-ken, Takeda Shingen's homeland) and this dessert has Vanilla ice cream with Kinako(soy powder) and mitsu(syrup). It's pretty big so you can share this with 3-4 people. If you love ice cream, can share it with 2!oh, the saba oshisushi...try it if you really like to taste the rice vinegar they put in the sushi rice. Most Japanese sushi place does not put enough vinegar in sushi rice and it tastes not as good. In Japan there is no tempura shrimp rolll or other rolls like the philly roll and my guess is that you can't put too much vinegar in sushi rice if you were to make these rolls or else it won't go with the philly cheese/tempura/etc.  Nigiri sushi with enough rice vinegar tastes a lot better so try it out! The sushi at  CafeMac had a good amount of vinegar when I tried it the other day if you know where I'm talking about : ) .  Anyways, I'm off to Yoshida for lunch so I can hopefully update my review!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/24/2006,10/14/2006,770,537,7,5,2>We came here this past Saturday for our receptionist's birthday...and this is how our experience goes...VIP LINE:  Longer than paying line....WTF!??!  Did that seem right?!  Why is every damn person in San Jose in VIP?!  We're not all that important.  After being misdirected by the security guards to stand in the long ass long, we got bumped to the front of the line since we had bottle service and tables.  **PHEW** NO fucking way was I going to wait in the long ass long for this place!VIP TABLES:  Ummm....it was a cube sized table smaller than my end tables at home.  I could have sworn that VIP table was 12"x12" surround by suede ottomans....VIP SECTION?!?!  There really wasn't one where we sat.  The tables that we got were literally right along the wall in the dance floor area...WTF?!?  I expected a little more than that from an "ultra lounge".The bottle service was speedy.  We didn't wait too long to get our drink on and our bottles came at a timely manner, the cocktail waitress cleaned up the small little "table" in a timely manner as well.  Making sure us girls weren't making too much of a mess on the table that we couldn't have space for more drinks.  BATHROOM LINES:  I know people bitch about long ass lines to the bathroom, but this one was FUCKING RIDICULOUS!!!  First of all...WTF are you females doing in the stalls for more than 5 minutes, I mean really...There are no mirrors in there, I know most of you are WASTED and can't focus, but shit....The line was wrapping around this ramp they had and unfortunately, Saturday night for some reason a toilet was broken, so there was only TWO stalls for this place...I literally waited from 12:15 to 12:47 for 30 seconds of pure bliss and release....and I didn't even orgasm...WTF.  During that 30 minute wait for the bathroom, I had heard 8 different songs, a group of girls were getting into a fight over the bathroom, who cut in front of who, hair was getting pulled, some broad drops her beer bottles and it splashes on my shoes...YEAH I think I was sobering up by that time.THE VENUE:  The place was PACKED beyond moving capacity and you couldn't even hang around walk way areas, but it was like you weren't really trying to hang out, you just couldn't get through the pack of fake hair, pushed up boobs, and girls wearing shit they shouldn't have been wearing along with the boys with the clean cut shirt, fake alligator shoes, and that fucked up cologne smell thats trying to over power their patron stained breath....(getting a visual yet?!??!)Taste has been beautifully facelifted from what used to be "Deep" Its much nicer, a little cleaner, but definitely more packed!!  There are two large bars in the club and getting drinks can be harder than finding a needle in the haystack, so GIRLS wear something that shows tons of cleavage and boys make sure your money is hanging out of your ears, because you will need to get the bartenders' attention somehow.I personally, had a great time with my friends, Yes all the above was annoying, the crowd was like the closest lowest grade steak you could ever have on your plate. Our champagne and bottle of gin was enough for the 8 of us, granted we pre drank at home.  The music was good, and the drinks that came from the bar was tastey as well...Would I come back?!? Possibly, but next time...I hope there's prettier people to look at...Because the whole night was a bunch of...."WHAT DA FUCK....and Oh Hell NAW...."type of people!!
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2006,10/13/2006,0,0,4,6,7>I moved here in 1989 from Marin County, prior to living in Marin San Francisco was my home. Why would anyone move to Fremont after living in the City or Marin? Totally an economic decision at the time, the wife took a job near Stanford, commuting from San Rafael was out of the question, it's just really not possible on a daily basis. At the time I was blessed with a job that allowed me to live any where in the world so we moved to ease her life. After looking for a house in Palo Alto it became apparent within about 48 hours that unless we wanted to buy a 900 square foot house with one small bathroom we better check out the other side of the Dunbarton.I'll admit that the first year or so was a bit of a shocker, I mean this is the type of place I used to make fun of when I lived in the city. It might be the fact that I'm almost 20 years older or it may be the fact that Fremont has changed but I like it here. I'm a lover of eclectic food and Fremont is the best place in the Bay Area when it comes to number of Indian Restaurants per 1,000 residents. Same goes for Afghan, Chinese, Vietnamese or Thai. The only problem when it comes to dining is finding enough good European (meaning non-asian) places to eat.The beauty of the Bay Area, not just Fremont is the ability of driving a short distance and getting what you can't get in your own town. I can drive 15 or 20 minutes to a Whole Foods Market and someone craving a good Indian meal can travel to Fremont from Aptos.I'm a bicycle commuter and Fremont is a bike friendly city. The city publishes a bike route map, it's easy to go from one side of town to the other by bicycle, most streets have good, marked bicycle lanes. There are very few run down parts of town, crime is low and for the most part Fremont is a safe, sane and pretty quiet place to live. Feel free to substitute boring for quiet if you're under 40 years old.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2006,10/11/2006,413,298,,9,4>I will never ever go to see another gynecologist if I can help it! Dr. Matteri is the best. She's extremely sweet, friendly, and one of the most thorough doctors I've ever seen. She always remembers what's going on in my life and asks about my overall health as well as my reproductive health. I've never felt rushed while I'm in her care -- she always allows plenty of time to answer all of my questions and explain everything thoroughly. Her nurse is also awesome!Dr. Matteri is extremely approachable and easy to talk to, which is important when discussing such private and personal matters! Totally worth the hour's drive down to Stanford to see her... she rocks!
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2006,10/10/2006,88,273,5,1,3>i have NOT gone to norebang (karaoke) in a LOOOONG time. i think the last visit was in college! i suck but hey, i'm entertainment....who doesn't want a tone deaf girl singing and dancing and making a big fool of herself?! so for a friend's bday someone suggested we go. fine, i'll go but i won't sing! you can't get me to sing!!!! that's what i told everyone. so guess who was singing her tone deaf lil heart out, dancing on the tables?! (ok not quite dancing on the tables....)
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2006,10/9/2006,1071,862,8,10,6>Four stars for awesome customer service. The sales girl was kind enough to fit me and show me bras that fit properly. I actually gained a cup by stopping here!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2006,10/8/2006,24,43,5,1,4>4.5 stars.  I'm a meat eater by heritage and in practice.  I love beef, I like chicken, I can eat lamb if it's fresh, and pork is my other white meat.  But when all those dead animals start backing up in my pipes, this is where I head.  Farmers green salads with some medium rare skirt steak (I can't go cold-turkey on beef!) is what I recommend.  They also have comfort food on the menu, which all looks really good, but Pluto's is all about the salads.My one gripe - those little guys behind the counter need an attitude check.  Yeah I know you need to keep the line moving homey, but don't go barking at me about my 7 ingredients and then stare at the ceiling like you're doing me a big favor!  Why I aughtta...  I think all those Stanford brats are rubbing off on the help... (no offense to Stanford students unless Daddy's yacht club buddy got you in)
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2006,10/7/2006,440,185,9,8,6>Me: Hi is this homma's brown rice sushi?Her: YesMe: Great - what time are you open till tonight? Her: 9 oclockMe: Awesome - can I make a reservation for 830 then?Her: Sure okMe: It's for 2Her: okMe: Do you need my name?Her: If you want....Wha?  I guess they're not about white-table cloth kinda service.  Not that I was looking for that, it's just that I had heard so much about it being closed or about it being too crowded.  It felt like they almost didn't want business.Well, anyway, I get there and it's down an alleyway behind a white picket fence.  No, really - a white picket fence with "sushi [arrow]" sign on it.  There are a total of 7 tables inside, all folding, all armed with white plastic lawn chairs.  You order at the register and sit down.  But they still have one of those skinny glass display cases that they have at all sushi restaurants.  It was just a little surreal, and at 830, my blood sugar had plumetted to the point of minor delirium.The brown rice sushi thing is ... different.  Chewier, sweeter, a little drier.  But I like brown rice.  And I thought everything on the menu was very well priced, tho the fish portions were a little small.  I ordered the Homma Brown Rice salad.  Which is pretty much Chirashi with a salad dumped on top.  The chirashi fish was a little sparse, and the salmon I swear was partially cooked.  Regardless, it was a yummy combination.  I felt super healthy walking out.  And I must not have been that delirious because even after I restored blood sugar levels, it still felt like I had walked into an authentic japanese wheat grass fast food canteen.  If that's even possible.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2006,10/6/2006,849,1374,31,15,10>This place is a total sausage factory. And by that I mean penises-- many penises attached to many respective dudes. (And really, that's all I could mean, since Kabab and Currys is halal and pork sausage is therefore out of the question.)Many men (and okay, a few women) here are in Muslim head garb and traditional dress. For some reason, whenever I come here it's the day I've happened to wear something low-cut. Part of me worries I'm offending their culture, the other part of me worries they'll cut off a boob.Skip the buffet and go straight to the menu items, or as they call it "the variables." The chicken boti kabab consists of smoky & juicy breast meat, and although the chicken tikka masala is the wrong color it has nice complex spicing.Beware: Sometimes they will refuse to let you order off the menu. I finally figured out that the kitchen just decides that they're too busy to deal with anyone who's not getting the buffet. I get around this by calling ahead to make sure they'll make me food to order.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,11/1/2013,139,17,6,14,12>Love!!! After waiting to try this place out I've got to say it was everything I expected and wanted it to be. Knowing me I love Korean food and I have been to quiet a few places. I like the simplicity of this restaurant and how easy it was to order food on the menu (everything was broken down on the menu in steps). I ordered the bibimbowl with spicy pork and the original spicy sauce. It was delicious and affordable! & I also like that it was able to be togo. Overall this restaurant is great with friendly staff!
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,10/31/2013,396,240,7,13,9>Best deal in town for Banh Mi!!!I've been coming here for a couple years and they have raised their prices, but it's still a great deal because you basically get two sandwiches for the price of one! Perfect for sharing. :)The sandwiches are always STUFFED with meat and pickled veggies. You can ask for veggies on the side. Here are a few of my favorites:CHA LUA (PORK ROLL) PATE - My go to sandwich. I grew up on this stuff!DAC BIET - Meat on meat on meat!  EGG & CHINESE SAUSAGE - This isn't exactly a favorite, but it's a good breakfast sandwich. Exploding with egg and not enough sausage. Quick Tips: They also sell refreshing basil seed drinks. Check their fridge!You can call in your order to avoid waits. Hopefully, they understand you! :P
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,10/30/2013,284,184,10,13,11>Why has it taken me so long to try this place?Shared a chicken shawarma, medium spice, hummus, dolmas and falafel balls. All were mmmmm, mmm good. The shawarma was served with some extra spicy sauce on the side, that was just the perfect amount of heat.  The hummus was creamy and a little lemony, which was a refreshing chaser after the spicy schwarma.  Never had a bad dolmas and the falafel balls had a nice flavor and were served piping hot with a side of tahini sauce.  Ample seating outside. None inside.  On a hot day, I recommend getting your food to go. This particular day we dined in and it was sooooo hot. I'm sure I would have enjoyed my meal more had the weather been cooler. Good food and good service.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,10/29/2013,285,153,8,15,11>If it weren't for this trail being so close to my home, I'm not sure I'd feel motivated to go outside and get exercise as much as I do. Rain or shine, hot or cold, I'm on this trail year-round.This is quite a lengthy trail, it runs from Meridian Avenue in San Jose, all the way to Vasona park in Los Gatos. On an average walk, I spot ducks, geese, turtles, herons and even the occasional skunk. This trail is great for joggers, bicyclists, walkers, people looking to get out and enjoy nature and people pushing kids in strollers.One major note of caution, definitely be on the lookout for fast-moving bicyclists! There have been several occasions where I've absent-mindedly turned around on the trail without looking over my shoulder, and I've almost been mowed down! Many bicyclists are very conscientious and will ring a bell or say "on your left!" to let you know that they're coming ... many will not. Stay alert at all times on this trail, especially if you have kids with you!
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,10/28/2013,854,542,13,23,15>"Kustom."Not artisan, or bespoke, or hand-crafted, or [insert bourgeois foodie buzzword here]."Kustom pizza." Baked-to-order pizzas topped to your liking in that assembly-line fashion that gives the process a personal touch and grants you, the customer, a healthy (or not!) ownership of how you eat.Being opening week and having read through early reviews, I was eager to try it out and convinced a coworker to come along, setting the watermark high; this colleague only eats thin crust pizza and, even then, is particularly fond of Amici's. Pieology did not disappoint.The location, nested in an altogether new strip mall, is fresh and clean, if sterile in decor. It's got the branding personality of a Chipotle, which is to say "not much", but the dining area is roomy and bright, apt for groups and rushes which I'm sure Pieology's budding popularity is going to garner.Ordering is straightforward and familiar: greeting, olive oil or garlic butter, marinara, cheese(s), meat(s), vegetable(s), refreshments, cashier."Pieology prides itself on providing the best tasting, healthiest kustom pizza..."Truth,  I ordered a simple olive oil, red sauce, tomato, garlic, & fresh basil pizza. Fresh out the oven, paper-thin & crispy crust, tangy sauce, nutty olive oil, minty basil... everything is clean, not muddled or boring - good quality ingredients and fresh produce make an appreciable, delicious difference in flavor. Our pizzas were assembled, baked, boxed and served in a spry 10+ minutes. Thankfully, Pieology is near our lab/work and we can get over there just after 11am to avoid the crowd because the line quickly amasses at or around 11:30. I can imagine the process adding up to long waits.Delicious, generously topped, abundantly portioned, [almost ridiculously] affordable pizza, quick and to-order? Pieology might have unseated Amici's as our monthly go-to.Only one questions remains: beer?______________________________________________Amusingly, the girl making my pizza double-take'd and asked me twice if I was sure I didn't want cheese on my pizza. At the same time, co-worker got two heaping handfuls of sausage on his when he asked for "a little extra". They don't skim on the goodness. "Kustom" is the perfect word.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,10/26/2013,532,459,5,7,7>DELICIOUSNESS!!!! It looks like a hole in the wall, strip mall joint that probably will have mediocre food but the dishes we ordered were so delicious and traditional Thai but also non-traditional, at least not anywhere I've seen.First we ordered the special - the Trout Choo Chee which was a crispy whole trout filet that was drenched with curry mushroom sauce. Out of this world! Then we got the Pleasing Garlic Chicken which was pan cooked chicken with oodles of sticky tasty garlic on top of steamed broccoli. Then we had the Hawaiian fried rice which was cooked perfectly with chunks of pineapple, shrimp and chicken. To top it all off - the service was wonderful! I was on crutches and appreciated the host walking me to the bathroom :)
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,10/25/2013,392,181,4,7,5>A few miles outside of San Jose is THIS - forgiving, sweet land of Los Gatos! Deeply rich with money (obvs!) and riddled with beautiful landscapes of manicured greens, nice views and manmade pavements. I came here to hike over the weekend and felt serene and calm within moments of stepping on ground. The trails were not hard (I am not an avid hiker), and the hike itself, despite some hills, was pleasant overall. I'd give it another go soon enough.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,10/24/2013,791,668,4,8,6>I thoroughly enjoyed Ramen Taka - it was my first time having ramen with thinner noodles, and I have to say, I'm a fan!  We ordered ramen, gyoza and the chicken appetizer.  My husband wasn't a fan of the chicken, but the ramen and gyoza were both delicious and I would definitely get them again.The difficulty with Ramen Taka is that you have a knee-jerk reaction to compare them to Orenchi, but they are definitely two very different experiences.  Orenchi definitely outshines them in certain areas (the egg in the ramen being one of them), but Ramen Taka is a great experience.  The food is good, the service is excellent AND you don't leave feeling full but somehow frustrated that you just spent 2 hours of your life there... *cough* Orenchi problems *cough*SO, if you are looking for a place that has very good ramen (great flavor, thin noodles etc.), great value (lunch specials with friend rice, reasonable prices etc.) AND some of the nicest service I have ever experienced (including a minimal wait-time for food), you will have a 5-star experience here like I did.I hope that they eventually expand into dinner-time hours!
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,10/23/2013,117,181,7,13,6>A warm sunny day, live music, the smell of fresh grilled corn on the cob....sigh. I love coming to this way-less-pretentious-than-Palo-Alto farmers marker wielding a tote like I mean it. So many great vendors and great seasonal produce! Some vendors are less pricier than others so buyers be wary...and ready to negotiate. I once picked up a single regular potato and was told it would cost me $2. Um...yeah right. The flower arrangements are my favorite to buy for a much lower cost than grocery stores! I also like how Rok sets up a sample table to taste test their many different sauces. Icing on the cake! Highly recommend you visit!
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,10/22/2013,878,405,12,18,15>I usually hesitate sinking my teeth into any of their works of art.  From the Raspberry Rose Cake to the Chocolate Heart Cake to the Apple Cake, they're just too exquisite to the eye.  But don't get me wrong, I have no regrets whatsoever after the first bite.  They're just as exquisite to the taste.  My tongue tells me that it will be in a better place.  And so happiness ensues.  Even more-so with a drip of Blue Bottle coffee.  Sadly, they are always limited in their Macarons whenever I visit.  Maybe it's a good thing though.  I can eat any of their flavors all day long.  When it comes to customer care, it's always a five star experience for me. Tony and staff are fabulous!
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/14/2006,8/19/2006,21,12,7,9,7>[Disclaimer: Any place in Santana Row is fighting an uphill battle with me as I think the development is plagued by self-satisfaction and un-self-aware smugness: a lot of doofuses parading around their lapdogs and schmucks cruising the strip in cars that aren't impressive enough to warrant the attention their owners hope to elicit. However, I would like to disclaim my disclaimer by saying that I think my aversion to Santana Row is, like, empirically justifiable.]So, the first time I went to Consuelo's was for lunch, a few years ago, right after they opened. At that time, they were called "Cazuela's" and I hated them. But I'd heard enough positive chatter about the place in the ensuing years that I figured I owed them a second shot. So I went back...In short: it's alright but there's more that I find disappointing about the place than I find positive.In no particular order:- Had the chicken pipian (green mole) both times. I don't know if it's a traditional preparation, but Consuelo's does not cook the meat with the sauce. Giant chunks of bland chicken meat are cooked to death and then topped with the pipian sauce, which is actually quite nice in an earthy-peanutty sort of a way. Minus the sauce, supermarket rotisserie to-go chicken has more flavor.- The carnitas were fine, but nothing particularly special.- The guacamole was nice. But would be a lot more enjoyable if they'd give you fucking tortilla chips. But they don't because they will only serve fresh tortillas. I know tortilla chips are untraditional and all, and I usually respect that sort of adherence to culinary customs, but shit: evolution is evolution. Tortilla chips are good. Serve them. At least they no longer make a big production out of the tableside guacamole presentation. They used to narrate the whole process as if they were doing something impressive. As far as I'm concerned, if you're not setting something on fire, don't make me pay attention to you doing something you should be doing in the kitchen.- The sopes are nice. The best part of both meals I had there.In general, I think the enjoyability of the food is below what one could find at countless humbler joints around the Bay Area. But I guess one has to pay a certain price to "enjoy" the Santana Row "atmosphere". I give it three stars because, if you like the environs, it's a nice place to be. But, minus that consideration, I'd move more toward a two-star rating.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2006,8/18/2006,79,10,6,10,4>It was maybe a week before my high school graduation and I wanted a haircut. My hair length was just about my shoulders so all I wanted was a trim so my hair didn't look so messy. I went to my normal hair place with my normal person, but that ended up being the worst day of my life. My hair looked like he had put a blindfold over his eyes and starting cutting. My hair was so choppy and uneven, I thought I was gonna cry - which I did once I walked out. My school is in downtown so I've walked by Tangerine many times on my way to the ToGo's next door. After making sure this place really knew how to cut hair, I made an appointment with a Senior Stylist and I was all set to go. I wasn't so sold on the idea of getting it cut again since my hair was already looking like a little boy -- to be honest, i was straight up scared.The day of my appointment arrived and I almost didn't even go. Fortunately, a couple friends found a way to change my mind. I walked in and was a little intimidated because everyone was staring. I got over and went to check in with the receptionist. I met my stylist and when she saw my hair she almost screamed. She had all the stylists in the salon gather around my head and discuss the situation. It was so bad, I ended up having my hair cut by the owner, but was only charged the price of the senior stylist. The stylists all had a little bit of unnecessary attitude and and didn't make me feel anymore comfortable by making horrible comments about my bad haircut. But in the end, my hair looked ten times better, which meant I didn't have to wear a hood or hat anymore. So I guess I could say this place was worth my money.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2006,8/17/2006,14,68,,11,4>I am a Korean, I know about Korean food - I used to be a chef in Korea.  This is the best food you could get with this price in this area.  I go there when I am home-sick.  Try some Bibim- bob which all my American friends and my husband's favorite dish and it is very healthy food - and also you can control the spiciness while you are adding the spicy sauce. - if you could handle $10 more, add some BBQ in it and make it BETTER and of course , take some left over for next day.  it is great left over, Microwave it and you will be happy :)  If you want some BBQ experience, this is NOT the place you want to go.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2006,8/16/2006,33,70,3,13,6>Went to Yoshida for the first time.I'm Japanese who moved from Tokyo and I would say the food here was good. Not to offend anyone but honestly speaking, if you think Miyake's food is good and like to compare it with other Japanese, it's ok but do not think Miyake's as an authentic Japanese food. No Japanese people would think that Miyake's food is good in that sense.Me, to be honest, I like Miyake because it's cheap and the food is good if you think it as American-Japanese food.  Not many people eat chicken teriyaki(probably once a year), tempura(probably 4 times a year or so) so you know where I am coming from. What the japanese really eat is like the side small dish they serve at Yoshida. Those food that comes in small "kobachi" such as "chikuzen-ni" are really authentic. Typical Japanese meal consists of varieties and Yoshida actually does that.I ordered the Daily Special($10.25) and for that price and the nice Japanese plate/dish they serve you in and the nice atmosphere(clean, pretty), it was good.The "chicken tatsuta age" was very good and the side (Chikuzen-ni, sukiyaki) was great too.  Oh, and the white rice was cooked just right. Miyake's rice is like the rice they serve at the cheap restaurant on the train station in Tokyo as it's too soaggy and you should not be comparing it to that restaurant if you are doing a japanese restaurant review.(What?..I'm comparing it?..hahaha) It's like comparing McDonald's with St. John's burger. (but I guess it might help those who just started exploring Japanese food starting with Miyake).I will post again when I try more Japanese food there at Yoshida. Price is a little bit pricey compared to restaurant like Tomisushi(another good restaurant and good value--Tomibento).Just FYI, I like Hoshi, Tomisushi, Kitsho, Yoshida.oh, I went with my co-workers on a Tue. lunch time and it was not crowded. We were there around 12:40pm. If there were more customers and if they do not add more people when it gets busier(not sure if they do), I may feel understaffed.8/3 lunch time 12:30pm.  2nd visit.Went with 3 people. Total $44 without tip.Sushi & Kobe beef Teriyaki $19.25Pork Katsu(hirekatsu) $11.25Zaru Soba $10.25Pork Katsu was great. It tasted like the one in Japan and it even came with white sesame and a grinder! To my surprise it also came with regular Tonkatsu sauce and misokatsu sauce. Again, looks pretty and you might want to bring your date : ) I have confirmed that they do cook the rice right with the right amount of water(you can see each grain of rice and not crushed) and the small sides were great too. Saw more well healed person than other japanese restaurant around here.Cheapest Entree is $10.25 (Chicken Teriyaki, Saba shioyaki, etc)The most expensive is Kobe beef(USA) $24.95. Noodles (Zaru, nabeyaki are $10-$11), Combinations are $13.25-$28.95. And lobster dish and the pricer ones sare around $35.  They also have shabu shabu bar. Maybe I'll try it in the winter!
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2006,8/15/2006,770,537,1,22,3>For those of you guys who come here only a fair warning from a beauty professional.  MAKE SURE THESE GIRLS WHO ARE WAXING THE BROWS ARE LICENSED!!  Anyone can tweeze brows and not have a license, but you need to be either a licensed aesthetician or cosmetologist to be able to wax.  I haven't had a bad experience here, but one of my bestfriends did and the girl who did her brows, well wasn't licensed.  I guess the aesthetician was on lunch and one of the Benefit girls decided to do it.  She ended up leaving with one side thinner and shorter than the other.  Then when she called to complain found out that the girl who worked on her wasn't licensed.  So those who go...BEWARE....P.S.  Cosmetolgy, Aestheticians, and Nail Tech Licenses now have pictures of the people who own the license.  So look for it.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2006,8/14/2006,90,186,5,3,2>If they'll sell you a double-double or a 4 by 4, can you go further?  Has anybody ever asked for a 10x10???UPDATE!! Thanks Stephanie W - everyone click here:whatupwilly.blogspot.com Furtherfore, FYI (but nowhere as cool as the above), the secret menu:badmouth.net/in-n-outs-s
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2006,8/13/2006,0,0,3,1,1>In this age of calling each other homo while blasting your quads at 24-Hour Fitness, or $100/hr 1-on-1 Nepalese Grappling Tutelage you would think this type of gym doesn't exist any more.  Luckily they are still around.  This place has weight room, swimming pool, sauna, aerobics section and even a closed off women's section which I thought was arousing. The only thing missing is a boxing ring. The weight room is laid out a little strangely but it has plenty of equipment.  Only mexicans and old white men go here though, maybe that's why there's a Chinese restaurant next door - old white people and Mexicans love chinese food.  I recommend the $35 signup fee and $32 a month, no-contract option.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2006,8/12/2006,358,1030,2,7,4>I usually vote against ordering dessert at the restaurant so that I can stop by here for a cup of gelato instead. Their lychee, chocolate hazelnut and banana walnut are simply the best. Fresh strawberry (low fat) is very refreshing, too. Unfortunately, there's usually a long line of people protruding out the door (although not as bad as the one in Mountain View on Castro Street), and there's really no place to sit...
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2005,8/11/2006,112,394,3,6,2>Love the cool, calming, Zen experience of this place.  Beautiful architecture, professional staff, well-trained and well-run.  I recommend Inna for facials as she worked with my extremely difficult skin and allergen requirements.  The facial was fantastic!  My spa & steam experience was bliss.  Could those little beds be a better idea? I doubt it.  My massage was lacking and painful.  I don't think I'll ever get another massage there, but the place itself, all that is wonderful will bring me back.  Facials are very expensive, but worth it.2nd Massage update:  Still NO GOOD!  What am I doing wrong?  I'll check for suggestions on Yelp, but jeez!  $90+ for that?  No way
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2006,8/10/2006,88,273,,4,4>i'm really picky about my sandwiches, especially since my mom owned a deli most of her life and knows how to make the meanest sandwiches, burgers, salads...you name it! so i'm usually never interested in sandwiches until i found jan's! totally reminds me of my mom's old deli since it's run by korean ajumas too. all the sandwiches i've tried are good, my latest fav being the BLT. i dunno what it is but they sure do make it good and for a change of pace try the greek salad as a tasty side instead of chips. as others have mentioned, it's a small place (mostly for to-go orders) and remember CASH ONLY.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,3/23/2009,510,406,13,18,17>Every week I head to the Irvington Farmer's Market in Fremont whether or not I need produce.  One reason is the dude who sells fresh fish, and the other is this bakery.I buy my bread from them every week now (poor Trader Joe's).  I've never purchased anything from them that wasn't good.  Their shortcakes never fail to please company and this week I bought a small strawberry rhubarb pie which is wonderful.  My husband didn't like it, but he probably just doesn't like rhubarb...only weird people do.They're more expensive than Wonder Bread...but the cost/value is spot on.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2008,3/22/2009,153,28,14,14,13>This place kicks ass amongst the other so-called "best Bun Bo Hue" places. It's very small and may not be the cleanest, but you definately get the feeling of Vietnam in this place. The old man working working the cash register just sits there smiling all day long while the ladies in the back cook up their delightful dishes. Their house specialty is as the name suggests... Bun Bo Hue... and it is absolutely delicious! It comes out medium spicy and you can add more jalepeno peppers and chili oil if you like. Also tasty are the Banh Beo and the Banh Ram It dishes. It's hard to find places that have this stuff, so if you go here, definately order these. I thank my wife for bringing me to this dive and consider it the best I've had, ever.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,3/21/2009,378,778,10,14,12>Wow! I was impressed! I had been wanting to try this place forever since my friend Flor D. loves it and she is a Yelper that has excellent taste....so off we went to try Rangoli. It doesn't look like much from the outside but once you walk in, it's very serene and romantic. It's dimly lit with beautiful decor. It looks like a very fancy restaurant but without the fancy price tag. We were promptly seated by a pleasant waiter. I noticed they had a staff full of men dressed in nice shirts and ties working in the restaurant. We ordered Samosas for our appetizer and my husband had to have the mango lassi. The lassi was $4 and not worth it. We've had better lassi for half that price. Besides its a pretty small glass. The samosas were excellent though. They were big and stuffed full and included 3 dipping sauces that were super flavorful and delicious. We really enjoyed the Samosas and for $5 for two, I thought it was worth it. For dinner I ordered the chicken tikka masala. It was a bit too sweet for me but was good. I wasn't able to finish it all because of the sweetness. My husband had asked if they could make the lamb vindaloo with chicken and they were able to. My husband asked for that but he received chicken tandoori instead? When it arrived we were a bit confused because he swears he ordered the vindaloo but he quite possibly could have ordered the tandoori LOL! We couldn't remember and didn't tell the waiter because the tandoori looked SOOO good! And it tasted good so we didn't send it back and enjoyed it anyways. I was highly impressed on how great the tandoori was and I would definitely order it again. Both of our entrees were $13 each. I also ordered the garlic naan for $3 which I probably will not order again. It really overpowered my masala and tasted more like pizza then anything. Next time I will order the plain naan for my meal so I can really taste the true flavors of the food. I don't recommend the garlic naan if you are coming here for a first date ;) They also serve white rice with your meal at no charge which is nice. Many places we have been to before charges extra for rice. Overall a wonderful place perfect for dates. The music they play is very soothing and the candlelight at the table and dim lights makes this place feel fancier then it really is. We purchased coupons on Restaurant.com but they are only accepted Sunday through Thursday. We will be back for sure during the week to use our coupons!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,3/19/2009,576,494,14,12,14>I have a stack of books next to my bed on the top is a dust layer and, for the most part, these books have been untouched.  They came from store to bag and went directly to stack. Most writers will say in order to be a good writer one has to read. If that's the case then my bad reading habits can only lead to one end. I read a some short pieces by Orhan Pamuk and VS Naipaul and was interested in who they are as people, as I read more I noticed the commonality was a distinct self interest. They write to know more about themselves and in turn entertain and resonate with others. When I come home from work I usually watch TV or eat something or go to the gym and then eat and then either shower or go to sleep. In my mind there is not much excess time for things like contemplation or heavy reading. I have watched back to back episodes of whiny Bridezillas and the inane dialogue between realtor and first time home buyers just to watch time pass. Or have drank too many free drinks with strangers only to tell myself never again that I am wasting my time. I then come into my bedroom and set my water glass down on the side table that is nearly completely covered in books turn the light of immediately and pass out. Books that I bought with good intention. Half of the time I feel guilty. I have weird dreams of distant things, places and people who are combination personalities of extended family members and me at different stages of my life.  I wonder if my subconscious is trying to tell a story that I have yet to. Remind me that there is an entire world out there. Trying to tell me I am suffocating myself with absurd fragments of simulated humanity, false items, scripted people, bad TV, and yes, awful Wikipedia. If I can ever just be; give time to the things I value most and leave the Fitness magazines and House Hunters behind honoring all the lives and stories in my stack I think that would be the goal.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,3/18/2009,3171,1316,32,34,34>UGH.I am addicted.I can't stop thinking and dreaming about the crawfish here. Went here again for lunch with Jimmy and Vi. 6 pounds of crawfish lovin, 1 pound of clams grubbin, sweet potato fries tubbin . . . it was basically GAME OVER.Service needs improvement (the wait staff didn't come by at all, we had to request everything), so minus one star.I will return again, again, and again for that crawfish.UGH.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/8/2009,3/17/2009,1066,578,16,17,18>I would give this place a 3.5 if I could, but it's a pretty basic Thai food place with nothing terribly special, minus the kind and attentive service. I felt bad for them, as we saw two groups of people get up and leave before ordering for whatever reasons. We were seated immediately (it wasn't too busy at all for a Saturday night, though there was still a good turnout), and it was hard to pick something because there were about four things I was debating between! I ordered the Red Curry Vegetables under the vegetarian part of the menu, and the BF got a special. We were happy with our dishes; my curry sauce was pretty salty, and it took me aback, but the vegetables were great. We also ordered a vegetarian sampler, all of which were wonderful, especially the sweet potatoes. Our bill was about $50 with the appetizer, two entrees, and two beers.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,3/15/2009,218,247,12,14,11>decor-wise, this place is a definite step up from most other pho places. umm, yeah, so this place only serves chicken pho, little did i know. i was expecting beef pho, but hey, when in rome (or at a UYE)...the chicken pho was actually quite good! i wanted the #5 (don't remember what it was called) but was (strongly) dissuaded from getting it by the waitress (LOL!) and got a #2 (pho with chicken breast) instead. (sorry for all the parentheticals!)the large, however, isn't very large--i ended up eating some (most?) of my friend's #24 (thanks, fro!), which was boneless chicken with egg noodles. the boneless was definitely the way to go--my #2 was bone-in, and uhh was uhh, bony. :\ i think i still prefer the heartiness of beef pho to the chicken type, but as far as chicken pho goes, i'm very pleased with pho ga an nam.biiiig props to them for putting up with the SBC and betty's UYE!p.s. don't forget to read the fine print on the menu!
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,3/13/2009,878,405,17,22,19>I've gone here a couple of times already and there were a few things that really stood out and impressed the heck out of me.  The store itself is gigantic, with different departments to serve your needs.  Cleanliness, friendly staff, and music were consistent throughout.  The bakery was popular in the morning hours, so make sure to grab a tray early and fill it up with delectable goodies that are lined up in this large section of the store.  From tongue, ears, snouts, sausages, and all the cuts of meat, they have it all in their huge carcineria department.  Some of the meats were already seasoned and marinated.  I'm definitely coming back here for my next BBQ.  Also, It was fun  to see fresh tortillas made from scratch in their in-store factory.  Serving cooked samples was a nice touch at both departments.  The place I spend more time at is their deli.  Their carnitas was so tender, I mean slow-cooked tender.  And their tacos de lengua was so tasty, and the texture was perfect.  Their carne asada was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, just the way it should be.  I was watching my tacos being made and the short chef was really quick and entertaining...throwing the tortillas in the air and then the meat in the air into the tortilla.  It was quite a show.  Their tamales weren't bad either.  They also have a large selection of chicharon that is to die for....literally.  Their melon drink was very sweet and their horchata was good.  Just make sure you get it cold and chilly. Even after eating lunch in their spacious dining area, I left the place with fresh tortillas, chicharon, and mexican candy.  I couldn't resist.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2008,3/12/2009,176,370,14,14,15>I've met my match: Bison burger = K.O...  If you've got serious insomnia issues, come here and order a bison burger, pile the toppings on and consume.  You should be out within the next hour and a half, sleeping like a baby.  I had my burger combo with mushrooms and avocados, the bf just kept it with a fried egg and mushrooms.  We also had the buffalo wings, which weren't too spicy, but crisp to damned near diner perfection.  Food was great, except the soda machine was being serviced that day we went, so we had to keep shelling out 75 cents for canned sodas.  The owner was cool though, cuz he didn't mind our 75 cent charge for the carbonation we desperately needed to help digest our feast.I'd definitely go back if I am in the area, but next time, I'm going to try the ostrich burger.  One thing I wish they had was kim-chi at the condiment bar...  I know, I know... that sounds hecka' FOB, but have you tried using that instead of pickles?!?!  *droool*...
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,3/11/2009,325,639,12,20,15>My Ratings:Quality - 5 StarsPrice - 5 Stars Location - 5 Stars Service - 5 Stars Speed - 5 Stars My Opinion/Story:What can I say about the place that I picked to have my wedding?  Nothing but great reviews, ofcourse!!!  I'm reviewing this place based on locations for wedding not for playing golf.  After searching for months on where to have my wedding, I was ready to elope with my husband.  We decided to check out this place after being disappointed with countless golf courses.  We came close to picking David's Restaurant in Sta. Clara when we saw this place and decided to check them out.  Their menu prices were affordable and they were within our budget.  The moment we saw the place we knew it was the place to have our wedding.  They didn't have our date available but we did get other options for dates.  We picked the one with a holiday next to it.  The location is beautiful and serene.  I love the fact that the banquet hall is reserved just for us.  They only book one event a day and that's just how I like it.  Makes me feel like they really take care of you.  I also love that they have a separate place for people to gather while waiting for the bride and groom.  Its like we booked the entire place for the day.  They even have a separate restroom for the bride and her maids.  The only thing that made me think twice about this place is their food.  But because my friend's boyfriend used to work here, he assured me that the food is excellent.  We had a food tasting and we do love everything.  But I'm still worried about the food and the appetizers I ordered for the wedding.  After the wedding, all I can hear from people is how delicious and wonderful the dishes are.  From the appetizers, the drinks, the breads to the main courses.. they just have rave reviews of the food.  They can't stop talking about how good the food was.  I only wish I can remember because I barely ate on my wedding day.I was also told that the place was beautiful and it was just a wonderful wedding.  My experience was good and I know I like the fact that my guests had fun too.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2007,12/25/2007,318,114,9,13,12>First of all, I'm not going to turn this into a purist rant about "real" Buffalo Wings.  I did spend a number of years in the Upstate NY area, so if you're nerdly like that....fine we'll get into it about naked wings, Anchor Bar sauce vs. Frank's Red Hot.  Blah blah blah...Booooooring!With that out of the way, let's put this place into context...it's a chain wing place.  Effectively, that puts it square in the face of places like Hooters and Buffalo Wild Wings (BW3).  This used to be a Cluck U location, and folks still call it that, but it appears that University Chicken broke out from the mostly East Coast Cluck U empire a little while back. However, I don't recall any menu changes in the transition.  What separates this place from the rest are the breading and sauces.  As mentioned in other reviews, there's a progression from utterly boring all the way to the off-menu 911 challenge wings.  There's also a strong presence of pineapple sweetness that's more prominent in the lower heat levels.  The tropical sweetness is better balanced with the spicier offerings, so if you can hack it...start your adventure as high as possible.  Even Globo-thermonuclear still manages to balance good flavor with a nice intense heat.  Be warned though, the 911 wings are an order of magnitude hotter than even the globo-thermonuclear.  They do not conform to the same sauce base as the rest of the wings.  Instead of the red-orange, sweet and spicy sauce, the 911s switch to a reddish brown paste that sticks to anything it touches.  As soon as anyone orders these things, everyone in the place can smell them coming.  It's got a distinctly Caribbean aura to them.  If you're a capsicum crack-head with a fetish for ROF, these are the wings for you.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,12/24/2007,163,270,13,13,13>-yay! got to meet a lot of cool people-yelp ish galore: buttons, stickers, note pads, nail files, yelpsticks, shirts for the elite-i have buttons for my  toteally yelp bag!-donna p, hheeeeeellllllarious! 99 bottles girl........-the venue was awesome as usual-heads up to philippe, thanks for askin for me and hooking those shots, i got 2!-thanks walt for the carpool, and putting up with my "i've kissed only 5 guys" story cuz i was really happy after 4 guinness' and 2 shots=SOUTHBAY YELPERS I HEART YOU!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2007,12/23/2007,478,91,6,13,8>===========================================RJR - ISSUE #21 - Swimming with Ariel Special Edition===========================================Sushi bars are the ultimate-ultimate open kitchen, where the food is prepared in front of our eyes and we witness the creation of edible art designed to amaze and devour.Though we use the word "sushi" to refer to all the delicious stuff that is delivered and plated in front of us, the whole cuisine of fish, rice and otherwise - -  The word "sushi" actually refers to only the sweet, vinegared rice only.And sometimes we do better and say "sushi" when referring to the pair of tiny rounded bricks of rice with slivers of various fish draped over it. But that is more accurately called "nigiri sushi." However, if it's just fish without the sushi rice, like many of us already know, then it's "sashimi."Now with all that said, I'd like to express - I am not a big fan of sushi boat places, or generic sushi places like Todai's where the sushi and rolls are just sitting there collecting dust mites.When it comes to it - I like mine - created and plated fresh - only when I order it.That's why, in this review I'd like to feature my favorite type of sushi known as "Uramaki" (inside-out rolls) - also known as the Special / Chef Rolls.Standard "Uramaki " examples include menu features such as the caterpillar roll, dynamite roll, Godzilla Roll.   Keep in mind, this is typically thought of as an invention to suit the North American palates, and is not commonly seen in Japan.  And with increasing popularity of sushi on the shores of our states, as well as around the world, it has resulted in numerous kinds of uramaki and has led sushi chef's to push the outside of the "nori" envelope and express their creativity in the fine art of sushi.And here in Silicon Valley, small places like "Under the Sea" feature a vast Uramaki gallery of plated edible art that must be seen, admired, and enjoyed by the taste buds again and again.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Some of the one's I've had the pleasure of sampling include:(Also see added photos)CHEF's SPECIALS Menu (rolls)- Sweet Bay: Macadamian nut, unagi, hamachi, tuna, salmon, avocadoSPECIAL ROLLS Menu- Dill Atlantic: Crab topper with salmon and garlic Salt- King of the Sea:  2 Shrimp tempura & avocado inside with sake, spicy sauce, tobiko & green onion baked on topThis place features: Classic Rolls (19 selections) , Chef' Special Rolls(9 selections), and Special Rolls (25 selections)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~The presentations of the Uramaki are featured on various styles of plates...and the quality of the seafood used are very fresh and the portion extremely generous for the price.So when you're in the area (maybe after watching a movie at the AMC Mercardo), skip places like Yo Yo Sushi Bar & Grille and other sushi boat joints...and check out Under the Sea.The quality, presentations, and selections of the Uramakis is far superior here and worthy of return visit.(CHECK OUT MY UPLOADED PHOTOS)*SPECIAL BONUS FEATURES*- Other special rolls (not listed on their menu) can be made upon request.- TO GO Orders can be called in.- A plasma screen tv is available to watch games at the small sushi bar area.*TAKE NOTE*- Their menus also include: Appetizers, Nigiri, Vegetable Rolls, Bento Combo's, Udon Combo, Vegetarian Bento, Sashimi Combos, Box Dinners, Sushi Combos, Udon, Sushi & Sashimi Dinners, and Entre' (like Filet Mignon,  NY Steak, and Prawn Tempura)- Plenty of parking in the main shopping parking lot.- It's across the street from the new Kirk Burgers.- This is going to be my new place to eat the day after i do a bar scene (Like my current quest to complete my 99 beers at 99 Beers on the wall - Santa Cruz).    Eating rolls such as uramaki make me feel better...perhaps due to its fresh and clean flavors...and above all lack of greasiness in the likes of fried oily foods.Uramaki...it's is good eating...after night of drinking!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,12/22/2007,463,792,7,10,9>Came to JF Towing via USAA insurance to tow my dead Beetle from San Jose to Livermore. Juan did a great job with the tow and was very courteous and personable. He even some suggestions on my car which I greatly appreciated.Update: Can I give more than 5 stars? The driver was right. My transmission is being repaired by VW under warranty. Free. Gratis. If he hadn't offered his advice, I would have sold my car for nothing. Please use these guys. Have them tow cars for you that aren't even broken. Just have them tow stuff. I heart JF Towing. Really. I mean, I was excited when the guy towed my car without incident and was friendly. So I gave them 5 stars BEFORE they saved me thousands of dollars. Imagine how many stars I'd give them now!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,12/21/2007,1260,803,12,13,14>Just like Veronica G... For my 99th review I had to had to had to HAD TO pick 99 Bottles!!!First, here's the original song lyrics:"99 bottles of beer on the wall, 99 bottles of beer.Take one down and pass it around, 98 bottles of beer on the wall!98 bottles of beer on the wall, 98 bottles of beer.Take one down and pass it around, 97 bottles of beer on the wall!97 bottles of beer on the wall, 97 bottles of beer.Take one down and pass it around, 96 bottles of beer on the wall!"(.... Continue until you get to the end . . . )"1 bottle of beer on the wall, 1 bottle of beer.Take one down and pass it around, no more bottles of beer on the wall.No more bottles of beer on the wall, no more bottles of beer. Go to the store and buy some more, 99 bottles of beer on the wall."( at this point.... You should be really f**ked up!!! )Mention 99 Bottles to the locals of Santa Cruz, and what likely comes to mind is the goal to finish all 99 bottles and get your name on the wall of fame.   With its collection of 99 imported and local beers (some rare and painful to finish) its one of the Bay Area's largest.   In fact, you won't find bottle # 71 Green Flash IPA (Indian Pale Ale) at your local family restaurant.     This Green Flash was a major discovery for my friends and I.   And that's the beauty of this establishment - discovery your taste buds for beer.   What kind of beer drinker you are?   What are your pleasures?   What's your tolerance level?    What will you continue to drink?    What will you avoid?   This is the perfect place to get your beer education on!   And to guide you through this journey of destroying your liver, are the hospitable and friendly staff of 99 Bottles.     Today, I thank Anna for servicing us the past two months as my friends and I attempt to finish the list.     Meet the Crazy 99's:  Jeremy (the first person who toasted with me on this crazy journey back in July, he is the strategist to our crew)Walter (the engineer)Ed (the wingman)Omar (the nutritionist)Jonathon (the marine)Sabrina (the messenger)Zach (the wife)Linda (the doctor)Gorge (the consultant)Heidi (the Iron Leg)The beer is not the only thing to go for - explore the food menu!   My favorite is Hamburger 99 - half pound of burger!   It beats most restaurant gourmet burgers and goes well with my beers.   Served with crisp cut fries and fresh lettuce and tomato, it's enough beef for at least four beers.  I gotta build that stomach sponge!For the weeks ahead, I'll keep this review updated and hold that last remaining star for the finale.    Our target goal is this October.    Right now, we're half way there!    And it's becoming a painful yet awesome experience so far!   Good times and good company when you're buzzing.Safety Note:  Always designate a driver or get a local hotel room.   Its not easy night driving back to San Jose on highway 17.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2007,12/20/2007,562,1402,3,9,5>As a grill, this place emphasizes having an excellent roasted chicken and lamb.  They even have a special oven thing to roast it on, and explains the process in their menu.   Seeing as it is Father's Day and my father is definitely a carnivore, this is where we chose to spend our evening.  Dark warm inviting place, with large booths and tables.  There is also an outside patio with seating, as in the Los Altos area it tends to be warm alot of the time.  We made a reservation which was the smart thing to do as when we got there there was about 30 people waiting outside the restaurant, probably due to it being Father's Day.  Our waiter, David was excellent.  He catered to all the quirks my funny drunk father had and kept his glass filled with champagne all night.  He also humored his requests for extra meat on his entree, and my sister's explanation of how they make their Oreo cookie sandwich, and why the Oreo name isn't in the title (trademark reasons).  He also humored my mother's specific requests for no garlics or onions in any of her vegetarian food( religious reasons) and double checked twice for her on everything she ordered.We had the tuna poke, pan roasted clams and grilled artichokes to start off with. All of it was good.  The tuna poke had tuna squares, avocados, shrimp, and mango all mixed in with huge chips.  Flavor was good, but I felt like it needed a little kick to make it stand out more.  All in all though, it was refreshing and exactly what I needed.  The pan roasted clams came served in a broth, and on top a pile of bread soaking up the broth, and also with some bread not soaked in broth on the side of the plate.  Good flavor, not overly strong.  The grilled artichokes were perfectly grilled and seasoned with salt, pepper and butter and accompanied by a mayonnaise based dipping sauce.  For entrees we ordered the roasted lamb (a specialty) ( this is where my dad asked if they could put extra meat, to which our waiter responded  to by serving us and letting my father know that the kitchen put 2 extra ounces of lamb on the plate for him), tomato and beet salad and grilled ostrich.  All were delightful.  The roasted lamb came in a Chile sauce, and was sliced thinly so that you could eat it without the stress of cutting it up.  On the side of it was a medley of vegetables, with cucumber being the center of the medley.  The grilled ostrich had the best flavor of the night, it was delicious!  It was accompanied by a side of broccoli sprinkled with cheese, and some mashed potatoes.  The tomato and beet salad was also very refreshing: bright and tasteful and light with a handful of greens and walnuts accompanying it with some cheese and vinaigrette to highlight the taste of the tomatoes and beets.  Great presentation of the salad, it was just beautiful.For dessert we tried the strawberries and cream, simple yet very sweet and refreshing.  In addition we had the banana cream pie which was divine, esp since I normally am not a fan of banana cream pie as I feel the banana overwhelms the pie oftentimes.  This time it was a layer of crust, covered with the banana creme, whipped cream, slices of bananas, a sprinkle of nuts and a drizzle of caramel.  The banana creme had the slightest hint of banana and for once did not take over the whole dish.      Great dinner, everyone in our picky family left happy especially my drunky father.  I regret not having the chance to try the rib-eye as our server did rave about it but will have to do that next time we come here.  The server, David really helped make this a great experience, he was thorough and very on top of it.  Our glasses were never empty and he checked on us at least 5 times during the course of dinner.  If you have a party of 5 or more they automatically add in an 18% gratuity, but I was so pleased with his patience with my father that I tacked on another 10%.  Great warm atmosphere, and good food and service to go along with it.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,12/19/2007,71,181,7,12,12>I am an Indian food FREAK. I would have it everyday if I weren't on weight watchers (1 cup of butter chicken is a gazillion points) and if I had more money to spend on eating out. Trust me, if I could I would, I'd have shares of stock in Rolaids to show my devotion. I have been frequenting Chaat Cafe at both the Fremont and San Jose locations since they both opened. It is always consistent and fast, and affordable, not to mention DELICIOUS. Also, if  you're a first timer to trying this unique food fare, this is a good place to start because its not as intimidating as a sit down restaurant. If you like Indian Food, this is the place to go.The best dishes there:Butter ChickenChicken Tikka MasalaFish CurrySamosasPaleek PaneerGarlic Naan Onion NaanYou can't go wrong with any of these dishes. Mmmm.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,12/18/2007,615,556,6,10,10>Whenever I'm downtown during the daytime (which is somewhat rare), I make it a point to stop by the San Jose Museum of Art.  I'm all for putting cool paintings, pictures, and other random art on display for the public (it used to be free, but I guess they charge now):Adults: $8.00Students & Seniors: $5.00San Jose Library Cardholders: $2.00 discount.Children under 6: FREESJMA Members: FREEThat's still less than a movie.It's closed on Mondays, but is open every other day from 11am-5pm.There is currently an AMAZING exhibition by Camille Rose Garcia that I highly recommend seeing before it's gone toward the end of September.  I soooo want the limited edition print of hers that's up for sale! Anyway...GO already!  And it's not so big that you get overwhelmed either.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2007,12/15/2007,150,256,1,11,9>Attended the soft opening, then the grand opening of this fabulous new event type restaurant in...wait for it....Redwood City!!!  Great mix of south east asian inspired dishes, the chef is fabulous, and the owners have done a great job with the concept for this restaurant.  Imagine a cross between Ana Mandara's movie type setting, and your favorite local asian restaurant...what you get is spectacular food, a striking setting and excellent service.  I love how the chef has managed to introduce filipino food in a more upscale manner.  I think that Luneta Bistro in San Mateo tries to do this but may be missing the mark in terms of location and ambiance. Here's a break down of some of the dishes you have to try:Kabogee beef - I'm one of those pain in the ass people that enjoy their steak well done...these tenderloin pieces are cooked medium and melt in your mouth...sea bass - i had this one evening and spent the next day thinking about it...a perfectly cooked piece of seabass that sits atop the most flavorful, well done mushroom ragout I've ever had.fois gras - i'm not a big fan of fois gras...however, this is a perfect portion sitting on a little cake of cocunet flavored rice that's been toasted, with just enough mango(?) marmalade to bring the whole thing together...worth every penny of the $14 price tag.  order your own, you won't want to sharepoke - again, i'm not a big fan of raw, but will eat tuna from time to time if it's seared or cooked somewhat in a marinade - i've made an exception for this poke.  perfectly balanced seasoning, not too much soy or ginger, and they're served on freshly made garlic shrimp chips, the flavors combine to cause tastebud orgasms.kare-kare - hmmm...the traditional filipino dish is usually too pungent with shrimp paste (bagoong) and too much ground up peanuts for me to be a fan.  this dish however is targeted to an american palate, with a perfect balance of peanut and shrimp to flavor the dish, but not overwhelm, and the beef shortrib is cooked till it melts in your mouth.  peanut allergies?  no problem, they don't add the fresh ground peanuts till the last moment and can serve it without.crab fried rice - large chunks of what i think is snow crab - this has to be a staple when ordering here.haha...does it sound like i ate alot?  that's cuz i DID!!!!Considering they've just opened I was really surprised at the quality of the service and consistency of the dishes.  Says a lot about the thought and preparation that's gone into the opening of this place.  If you're out on the peninsula this is definitely a place to hit for afterwork drinks and dinner!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2007,12/14/2007,94,98,8,18,12>Now, my frame of reference is highly limited! I've been to, what, under 5 wrecking yards in my life?Anyway, the yard - for a dirty wrecking yard - is well organized. Chevy's are with Chevy's; Accords with Accords; and all of the BMWs, Mercedes, and Volvo's are together out back. Admission is $2 or $3, and wear old, dirty clothes, and bring a few basic tools.If you have the right mindset, it can be an adventure! Cars are propped up, on top of welded rims. Want to know why I went? A new "window guard" for a classic 1984 Volvo is $96... an old version from a 'dismantler' is $45 - $55 ... and when I went to Pick n Pull, it was ... $5! Yes, I had to get it myself. And when I went to another location, the same part was $9. But I am still way ahead.If you have a bit of adventure, for smaller /easy parts, this is the way to go. If you're a woman, you may want to bring a male friend who has some beef, or can pretend.  An Uncle, friend, or co-worker. And I'm wondering... why aren't more movie scenes ever filmed in these places?There is also a GREAT Taco Truck outside... the place isn't far from Highway 880.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,1/31/2014,322,342,14,14,13>Prettyyy good mall food!! Lady gave us a sample of chicken, dipped it in their secret yummy sauce and that sauce is amazing. Chicken is moist and battered with a crispy chicken katsu-like batter and the sauce is crazy creamy goodness!I had the chicken sandwich. It came with two nuggety like chicken and green leaf lettuce and two packets of the sauce. Drizzle it on and it's so good. My bf had some tenders with mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. they were okay, KFC is better. Overall I'd def get again for that very tasty sauce.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,1/30/2014,854,542,25,34,29>*silog - colloquial slang, a conjunction of "sinangag" (rice) and "itlog" (egg).Treated my mom and my uncle to breakfast here one lazy weekend morning, and though I was pensive about how they'd receive it, I was pleasantly surprised by how enthused they were...See, in the spectrum of global cuisine, Filipino food is still off the radar for most. Particularly among other Filipinos/Islanders, its difficult to duly credit many establishments as being worthwhile; "I can get/make better at my parents'/home" or "lola's cooking was the best" are the usual sentiments and it's true, it's true - moms and grandmas make the best version of that thing you love, no matter what it is: FACT. Iniisip kita, Lola. Na miss namin sa iyo.Where Tapsilog Bistro succeeds is keeping to that homey simplicity and Filipino's being lazy on Sunday mornings. Tulog na!The staple of Filipino breakfasts are straightforward & [ideally] hard to mess up: garlic fried rice (sinangag), sunny-side up eggs (itlog), savory or sweet meats, slice of tomato, pickled garnish. These are all components that any self-respecting islander should be able to whip together with one sleepy eye half open, hazily hungover, and using a solitary frying pan. I speak from experience. Gutom na ako!If the crush of Filipinos willing to venture out of their houses in the morning and be seen in public wearing pajamas, tank tops and flip-flops is any testimony, they do silogs* right. Whatever you're craving, the fairly extensive menu probably has it. From cured beef to pork sausage to fried milkfish to sliced SPAM (and a list of other things I wouldn't have thought of...), order it and a wicker bottomed plate generously weighted with rice, egg, and the breakfast meat of your choosing arrives at the table pretty quickly. Garlicky, greasy, glutinous, comfort food. Busog!It doesn't sound hard to make, right? So why go to a restaurant? You know that notion that food made FOR you taste just a little better? It's like that - the thing that makes IHOPs and Denny's and Bill's a draw, that Sunday morning "I don't want to cook" appeal. Ako ay tamad...The locale is an un-glamorous storefront in the middle of an equally nondescript stripmall along Hamilton Ave in a part of Campbell that doesn't oft come to mind when people say Campbell. The interior decor and atmosphere is a quaint facsimile of a rustic, village-y, ramshackle replete with robust function-over-form wooden tables & chairs, vintage tin signage, ceiling fans, rattan & bamboo & fishing net accentures. Every table is adorned with a set of Philippine's more recognizable brands of condiments of soy sauce, white vinegar, & fish sauce, etc; like Heinz products on vinyl diner tables.Along with genuine Filipino food, there's a selection of Filipino drinks and desserts among the standard array of domestic choices (including San Miguel & Red Horse beer). A nice touch, and incentive for you day-drinkers/cocktail-brunches. (Don't get that chavela though!! They sink a shot of soju in it and it will destroy you. Destroy.) Lasing!!Service here is cordial. Friendly & warm but nothing exceptional, nor need it be. People come here to eat, not dine, and the small gestures of country hospitality are earnest. It's enough. No pretense, no frills. A homey vibe, hearty eats. Mabuhay._____________________________________________"Iniisip kita, Lola. Na miss namin sa iyo." = Thinking of you, grandma. We miss you.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,1/29/2014,739,212,17,18,12>Came back today for an oil change AND (cue drum roll please)...their service is still on point. I was out in less than 20 min., plus I got a great price for it. I put my email on the form and right away, they emailed me (to my amazement) an invoice with a .pdf format copy of the original invoice. They take the cake for having a "one step beyond" customer service.   Oh...I forgot to mention. If you look at the wall you'll see my review on there. You got to look down and move the plant out of the way because it's kind of blocking it...but it's there!Thanks Thai!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/28/2014,622,798,12,15,12>I guess I shall review this place as I sit at the communal table. Man, if you are hungry or in a rush and want good food, this is the place to go! It is located in the lions supermarket so parking will be tough around lunch time. I remember how I wanted to check this place out but I forgot. Good thing the yelp email about cheap eats was sent out today so I could check it out. You order first at the pre-prepared stand and you get three entrees for $7.25. This will also include the unlimited sweet potato porridge at your table. You really can't beat that! I wanted a mix so I got ground pork, bamboo shoots and steamed sautéed fish. It doesn't come with rice but I guess that is what the porridge is for. The porridge was way too bland for my liking and it comes with few pieces of sweet potato. I thought it was a nice touch to have and maybe I need to try another pot of porridge but I would definitely not just order the porridge for a meal. All three of my sides were tasty even though remnants of MSG linger behind and I am super thirsty now. Regardless, I will definitely be coming back to try out their other dishes :)**TIPS**1) Cash only. 2) Lunch special is three sides for $7.25 and unlimited yam porridge. 3) Enjoy!
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,1/27/2014,441,158,15,9,7>I discovered this place about 3 or 4 years ago when my ex took me here for a late night dessert. I remember ordering the Lava Cake and the Snow Azuki. The Lava Cake was great! It was the perfect combination of the warm moist cake and the sweet cold ice cream that comes with it. If you have a sweet tooth I definitely recommend getting this.Now, the real All-Star is the Snow Azuki. It has red bean paste on the bottom, condensed milk slush, and green tea ice cream right on top. I actually really dislike red bean paste, but for some reason this dessert is to die for.My ex and I should have gotten the Lava cake and a Snow Azuki for each of us. I ended up drinking the entire Snow Azuki. Sadly, that night we broke up because I only gave him a few sips of it. It's not my fault that it is THAT good.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,1/26/2014,468,92,7,10,8>I came here to get pampered for my birthday with Tram N. and Jeannie H. Tram called in advance to make reservations at 4:30pm, we were running a little late but they saved us exactly three seats! It all worked out perfectly! :)I didn't get the name of the lady who worked on me but she did a great job. I felt like all the ladies here take their time to ensure you leave happy. My toes felt so shiny and clean. I think it's also due to the sugar scrub they use to massage your legs and feet. My skin felt soft, the way your face feels after exfoliating :PJeannie mentioned it was my birthday and Tammy said, "Happy Birthday, I have a gift for you." She handed me a gift bag which included a milk and honey massage cream! It was such a nice gesture, I was not expecting it at all! Great customer service! I highly recommend checking out Tammy's Nail Spa!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,1/25/2014,139,131,8,14,7>This is perhaps the best Chinese restaurant that I have been to for a long, long time. First of all, I heard about the new management and I have to say, from the last time that I came here, the food has substantially improved in taste.My family and my friend's family ordered a LOT of food, ranging from the lobster noodles, honey walnut prawns, abalone, appetizer platter (included roast duck, roast pork, jellyfish, seaweed, & cha siu), mango pudding, and much more, but I have to say that I was not disappointed with ANY entree.Let me start off with the fact that they really know how to cook their entrees. The roast pork skin was cooked to a crispy perfection, and I found myself eating basically all of it by myself among the rest of the guests. Also, my grandmother has a hard time chewing certain foods, so the chefs made sure to prepare the abalone a little softer than usual just to suit her needs. You gotta love a restaurant that cares about customer satisfaction :) The honey walnut prawns were fried just right with the perfect amount of crispiness, and not overfried like how some other restaurants do it. Furthermore, their mango pudding is the best that I've ever tasted out of all of the Asian restaurants I've been to. It just has a really smooth texture and rich taste that no other restaurant has yet been able to perfect. I don't think I need to explain every single food in detail, but I think you get my point by now.Overall, 5/5. You don't gotta read this twice!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,1/24/2014,115,260,5,10,8>This is an excellent new bakery. It's truly not just a specialty bakery; you definitely do not have to be gluten intolerant to enjoy their stuff! All of the baked goods that my wife and I have tried have been excellent, and with none of the potentially unfavorable qualities you might expect from the lack of gluten. They just started doing pizza on fridays, and it is awesome too! The sauce is really sweet, with a nice thin crust and really fresh toppings. You should definitely try this place out!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,1/23/2014,227,96,13,25,14>Hands down this is the best churro in the Bay Area. It's hot and fresh. The guy cooks it right then and there. The mix of sugar and cinnamon is perfect. Every bite explodes with taste from the first bite to last! The churro guy's station is at the corner of story rd and Knox ave. Its across the Emma prush park and right beside Calderon tires. There's only street parking. The area is shared with a taqueria place. His hours start at 5pm till he runs out of churro.   He usually there till 9-10pm. There's always a line from all the locals. Expect to wait about 5-10 mins for this one man team. I gave this place 5 stars because it's one of the hidden gems of SJ. And not to mention the price he charges. For a dollar you get about 3-4 pieces which is about 4-6 inches long!  If you thought the Disneyland churro is good you will be awe with these churros!!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/22/2014,61,159,8,10,10>If these ingredients were what my picnics consisted of, I would be a very happy girl.As my new favorite lunch spot in Santa Cruz (big statement, I know), I am a little peeved at myself for staying away from The Picnic Basket for so long.  I generally avoid anything to do with the Boardwalk area as it can get overly touristy during summer days, and a bit sketchy at night.  Parking is always a nightmare, and trying to drive around the one-ways a lengthy disaster.  I guess I better get used to it because I will be coming here all the time.  Their menu is fantastic - one of those where everything sounds good, sandwiches and salads alike.  Making the decision of what to eat was the most stressful thing of my afternoon (first world problem?).  After much deliberation, I ordered the beet sandwich, which was amazingly delicious.   Sliced beets, lemony chickpeas pureed into a humus-like consistency, roasted almond spread, pickled red onions (love these on any sandwich!), and greens all on toasted rustic-style sliced bread.  Such a fresh, flavorful, don't want it to ever end meal.  I was on such a foodie high after I went for it and ordered a scoop of the Homer ice cream, which is chocolate based with candied peanuts and salted pretzels.  Yum!  So intense was the gastro-enthusiasm, I was tempted to call a friend to describe my experience but my face was still full of food, so I decided not to embarrass myself and instead shared my new lunch goldmine information with her after.In addition to great tasting food, The Picnic Basket boasts local produce, meats and cheeses, homemade ice cream (The Penny Ice Creamery), Santa Cruz brews and Verve coffee, and a sunny outdoor patio where you can people watch.  I love the stools and counter that line the perimeter, a perfect solo spot for a bite and a little reading in the sun.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2008,8/7/2008,108,25,57,12,20>My visit to The Running Revolution solidified just how unapologetically shallow I am. My sister agreed to buy me new running shoes for my upcoming birthday and decided to have me fitted here after she had received excellent customer service during her last visit.  We were serviced (giggety giggety!) by a strapping young dark-haired lad named Chris who not only dispensed accurate advice, but sent my poor lashes fluttering like a coked-out Scarlett O'Hara when he sauntered over to ask if we needed any help.He had me try on multiple shoes and do side-by-side comparisons while running outside.  He also filmed my stride while I ran on the treadmill, but since I kept running on the balls of my feet, he ended up filming me running outdoors to have a better idea of my actual gait.  In fact, he had to film me an additional time because of a camera malfunction.  Essentially, he helped both my sister and me find the most perfectly comfortable bitchin' shoes for our feet and we're pleased as hell.  On top of that, since their printer was broken and my sister had requested an itemized receipt, he actually wrote out each individual product complete with our respective name by each one.Ok, you know what?  Eff this.  I can't even write this review properly, and by "properly," I mean somewhat snarkily because I'm still far too occupied trying to quiet my trembling loins for this dude.  I was so ri-goddamn-diculously transfixed by Mr. Studly McYummyBritches that I could barely tell the difference between any of the shoes I slapped on and basically picked my final pair because of the pretty colors.  I'm sure that he must be fairly accustomed to getting ogled like a Twinkie at a fat camp, but I was this close to humping his leg like an oversexed Chihuahua, arch-supportive shoes or not.  Hell, I bet he's hunted by Campbell cougars like a limping gazelle in the serengeti...dude, like a taut, lean, piercing eye-balled, delicious limping gazelle.Poor Chris.  I'm sure he'll rue the day when he equipped me with the best shoes to stalk his ass.  As such, I give you fair warning, dude: if some fleet-footed Asian broad with a badonkadonk butt drops by to purchase her 36th pair of socks within two days, you won't be able to outrun her lust -- particularly if you happen to slip in her puddle of...ahem...love.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,8/6/2008,169,661,19,15,13>350th review!If Balco were to sponsor a dim sum restaurant, then New Hwong Kok would be it.  The dim sum portion sizes are huge here.  I mean siu mai the size of a golf ball and egg custards the size of a little tart.  Prices are reasonable, too, given the serving size.  I walked out with an order of siu mai, an egg tart, and a sponge cake for under $5.  Not much pretense here.   You won't see the carts and stuff that you might get at a traditional dim sum restaurant.  Everything comes out straight from the huge steamers that they have, placed in styrofoam containers, and you're on your way.  There are a few tables available to sit down at, as well.  There is a bit of a language barrier with the folks that work there, so know the names of what you want in advance.   Great deal for what they offer, and without having to pay an arm and a leg. Also, a place that has Kok in it's name has my business.  Immediately. CASH ONLY
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,8/5/2008,463,976,10,16,16>After seeing Keiko S.'s review, I had to check this produce market.  Pasha's Market near my home is conveniently close but it doesn't offer a wide variety of fruits.  Sometimes Safeway and TJ's can be a hit or miss and Ranch 99 offers a relatively good selection but I wanted to try something new.  It's a tiny produce market but it offers some good deals on veggies and fruits.  I paid $13 worth that included pineapples, Fuji apples, navel oranges, yellow onions, radishes, parsley, bananas, grapes, red bell peppers, and salad mix.  They've also got avocados, flats of strawberries, and humongous papayas!  Pretty good selection of flat and Mexican breads, jams and jellies, and sweets.  The great thing is that they accept debit card.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2008,8/4/2008,490,412,24,25,26>The name is classy, but no, it doesn't describe a seedy side street where a home boy with gold dentures lay beaten face down on the pavement.This is another favorite expense account place of mine.  They do promote homey specials (no, not homeboy specials) like Chicken Pot Pie, Meatloaf, Liver and onions, but I go straight for the meat.Lamb chops, veal chops, and filet mignon, all grilled to perfection, accompanied by a martini, which they are equally known for.  Meats are perfectly seared on the outside, with the crunchy meat bits evident on the surface.  With two good steak places within shouting distance of each other, I'm glad to see we have choices in downtown San Jose.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,8/3/2008,1212,479,40,44,44>While waiting in line for my usual kettle corn, I noticed that the vendor over was giving out samples.  Me being the little piggy I am, told the darling child behind me in line to hold my spot.  He gave me a blank look as children usually do to me and I rushed over to go get myself a carrot cake sample.Yeah, I never made it back to the kettle corn line.Carrot cake lady makes the most delicious, moist carrot cake ever.  She smiled at me when I raved about the cake.  I bought a huge slice of carrot cake for $3.  The slice had nice pieces of carrot in each bite.  The frosting isn't overwhelming sweet either, which is such a surprise to me.  A whole cake is $15.So this review is for the carrot cake lady and the kettle corn is really good too.  Sorry kettle corn guy, I'm still going to watch you stir that hot kettle, you're hot.Edit on August 3rd:I noticed I received an ROTD for this review and I want to thank everyone who have given the carrot cake ladies their support based on my review, but unfortunately the carrot cake ladies have left for Southern California a few weeks back.  Now this review is only a memory.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,8/2/2008,343,173,9,9,7>Pizza Box has been around since I was a wee little boy cutting class from Thomas Russel Middle school so I can spend the day playing Street Fighter 2 at Golfland.  The funny thing is that they are still owned by that the *same* Vietnamese family and they *still* have those classic novelty arcade games that's decades old.  Honestly, they should just sell those off and invest in a moded Wii.Thank god they still have that old juke box, but they only play 80's music because they are too cheap to update the music.  But as far as pizza goes, you can't go wrong with pizza box.  Cheap, tasty and they are pretty good when it comes to toppings.  Definitely, the best bang for your buck in the bay and I'm glad they haven't moved or shut down because it would be a major shame if they did.I still remember back in 8th grade, when my Engrish class with Miss Ledbetter won some award and we got pizza as a reward.  The school ordered the Uncle Sam, which is the largest pizza, and it fed the *whole* class!  Ahh the memories...So if you're into good and cheap pizza and don't mind listening to Prince or Madonna, check out Pizza Box.  Ask them for the Van The Man discount...(maybe one day it will work ;)Van The Man's Must Try : The Uncle Sam w/ everything
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,8/1/2008,249,153,29,18,19>Since I'm broke and have a warped idea of fun, I asked my parents for a 4-week session with San Jose Adventure Boot Camp as an early 30th birthday present. I also talked my mom into joining with me. Mother/Daughter time! Yay! I signed up for a little fitness jump-start, and only intended to do one session, but there are at least a dozen women who apparently attend camp sessions year-round as their regular fitness regimen. So ability/fitness levels vary greatly in the class, but they accommodate all levels well, using minor adjustments to increase or decrease difficulty. The UpSide: Brett is fantastic. Energetic and encouraging, he's constantly threatening to kick someone's butt, but he's all talk. Everyone is welcomed and encouraged to go at their own pace and within their own abilities. The workout is different every day, and it increases in difficulty every week. I found the whole thing pretty fun. My mom and I both lost some pounds, some inches, and some body fat. Not bad for 4 weeks.The DownSide: Camp starts at 5:30 AM, which is completely unholy. I felt like I was sinning against God every morning as I rolled out of bed. My mom thought it was hilarious to say "Happy Birthday!" when I stumbled blearily out to the car. Okay, it was. But there's a 9:30 AM class too for you unemployed types who can simultaneously afford to sign up. I'm totally jealous of you and your trustfunded lifestyle.One note: if you have jacked up knees like me and they hurt a little more every day, it's a little difficult to get the full benefits of what can be a pretty running-oriented workout. I do feel I would have seen greater results if I could have done more of the running stuff. Oh, and my mom warns over-50 ladies to take it easier at first than they think they might need to (depending on your level of fitness, of course).One more note: some of the ladies are apparently over- or under-sexed and think they are far more hilarious and clever than they really are. Brett handles their comments with grace and humor (so props for that), but I just wanted to warn you so you can prepare to occasionally feel awkward. Heh.As I said, I signed up as a jump-start to my resolution to live a healthier, more respectable lifestyle. Brett isn't a wizard, so he couldn't do much for my respectability, but it definitely gave me the fitness boost I needed. I recommend this to masochists and early risers everywhere. Thanks Brett!
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2008,7/31/2008,48,13,23,9,14>You will find, should you ever get to know me, that I absolutely love shopping. Whether it be playing shopping buddy, or playing "Wtf where did my last paycheck just go to?!", I am always down to browse my life away in whatever shop we so see fit to grace with our presence.No, I'm not gay.That being said, we may now continue! So, Jaime and I are driving around, looking for a Thai restaurant we had Yelped earlier, only to find that it DOES NOT FUCKING EXIST. This address? Made up. Not real, assholes. That or we are just incredibly stupid, or blind, or SOMETHING that would impair our ability to find the damn place. Either way, you're still assholes for not DRAWING ME A FUCKING PICTURE. My theory is that the address is indeed a fake, and the restaurant is a ploy by Burberry to lure in customers who have found themselves stranded and unable to locate said....location...? Wait...propper sentence structure? lolnothx.Now you're probably asking yourself, "Why on earth would lost hungry people end up in Burberry?" The answer is only so obvious when you add Jaime to the equation, because that was the first place we stopped in our continued trek for sustenance. I was led completely unaware into the Stanford Shopping center by Jaime under the premise that it would contain our desired ethnicity of food, much like an innocent child into a windowless van offering free candy. A true con artist you are Jaime. Little did you know that I would have willingly jumped into the van whether you had candy or not, you devilish minx. So here we are in Burberry. Jaime immediately begins rifling through product at an inhuman speed achievable only by that of the experienced Shopper Elite. One after another, she holds things to her body, asking my opinion. I willingly oblige, because shopping is neat, and she eventually decides she likes a pair of sweat pants. Unfortunately they do not have them in her size, so she puts them down and continues looking.I however, am NOT SATISFIED. Quitting is for....quitters..and France! I grab the pants, and walk them over to the nearest sales associate, who is named Kathleen.Me - "Hi! How are yooooou today?"Kathleen - "I am fine!"Me - "Fantastic! I was wondering if you had these pants in a small?? There don't seem to BE any on the floor, and that's sad."Kathleen - "Well, let me go check the back!"Awesome, we're getting places. While speaking to Kathleen, Jaime has found shoes. Oh lord, shoes. I read the reviews about her experience with recent shoe shopping, and can only imagine where this might lead. Awesome super amazing shopping buddy that I am, I continue to provide my opinion with zest and enthusiasm! Meanwhile Kathleen has returned, telling us that she has called two stores, and she has had an associate in the Santana Row  location put a pair in Jaime's size on hold. Of course we thank her, and send her back to the phones, because Jaime now needs to find a pair of these heels that are not so loose, stat. Oh Kathleen, what a trooper. She was on that phone 95% of the time that we spent in Burberry, trying to track down pieces of clothing we were lusting after like pirates over buried treasure. And you know what? It may as well have BEEN buried, because we got lost AGAIN on the way to Santana Row, and it was kinda like a treasure hunt in itself.Eventually Jaime decided on a shirt that "Looks absolutely fabulous on you, if you don't buy it you're doing it wrong." And she didn't go with the pants after all that work, because "That cut just doesn't make your ass look nice, and quite frankly it should because you have a nice ass. $114? No, put that shit down." Or the sunglasses, "They look kinda like the ones you have, that are on my face as we speak. Don't need em, mkay?"Five stars Burberry, service doesn't get much better than that. And congrats on being the recipient of my first Yelp perfect score, and no, I'm still not gay.Now introducing Zack H. Your Upscale Shopping Conscience (Who is not gay). Don't leave home without it.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2008,7/30/2008,905,867,26,21,23>I'm in the middle of reading "A Cook's Tour" by Anthony Bourdain and, inspired by his quest for the perfect meal, I was in the mood for trying something a little different and more adventurous than my usual eats.I had been intrigued by Tina's Kusina for awhile, often seeing the restaurant when I went to the nearby Sushi Tomi.  After reading a few reviews, especially regarding the Dinuguan or pork blood stew, I figured this might be the stop for me.  I didn't have much experience with Filipino cuisine (the last Filipino restaurant I went to was Bistro Luneta and that was more fusion) but I figured that made the choice even better.  Besides, the pork blood stew sounded exotic, though I've had pork blood before (usually in Chinese porridge) as well as other fare like snake, duck tongue, and pig intestine.  But hey, I was trying to do my own "Cook's Tour," experience the un-experienced, and yet not travel too far.I went for lunch and upon arrival, we were greeted by a cozy restaurant with a view into the kitchen.  Entrees are largely kept in cafeteria style containers that surround the cooking area.You order your items and basically take a seat anywhere you like.  Tina was there and given my inexperience with Filipino food I let her suggest a few items.  Despite being frazzled from trying to do a large last minute catering order, she was very friendly and made sure we had enough to eat.  Our selection:Mungo - a bean and vegetarian dish, I really liked the flavor.  It was soup-like yet very hearty.  Pancit - simple noodle dish that satisfied and went well with ricePork adobo - I loved the sauce flavor but honestly found the pork a little tough.  I think adobo requires cooking for long periods of time, so the pork probably wasn't fat enough to be tender.Dinuguan (pork blood stew) - surprisingly, there wasn't any visual evidence of the pork blood.  No red cubes or blood or even a red color.  It was actually black.  The pork was similar to the adobo and I found the flavor, well....it's an acquired taste.  I finished it all, like Bourdain when he's presented a local delicacy he doesn't love, but it really wasn't my cup of tea.At the end of the meal, I decided to order some lumpia.  I love lumpia and Tina immediately cooked up a fresh batch.  I had ordered two rolls (one for me and one for gf), so was shocked when she came out with 20 rolls (two orders)!  Hilarious in her (and my) mistake, I gladly took the 20 rolls and munched on them throughout the day.  Delicious but definitely best when straight out of the fryer.  Anyway, we had a fun time at Tina's Kusina.  It was a nice introduction to Filipino food and makes a great (and affordable) lunch spot.  The selection is nice and, in the future, I'll have to try a few more dishes. Good luck to Tina and thank you for making us laugh when you said I reminded you of someone from the Hobbit.  Actually, it was my name that reminded her....it took awhile but we finally realized it was "Gandalf."  Laughs ensued...BTW Tina's Kusina accepts all credit cards, Amex included!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,7/29/2008,91,160,19,16,15>"Let's go to Gochi for Fathers Day.""Um....okay"[20 minutes later, 7:00 PM.  The family pulls into an empty parking lot.  Husband/father stares glumly at the little red sign.]"It's closed.  I guess they close on Sundays.  How about Tanto?""I don't like Tanto.""Wait, I thought this was Fathers Day?  Isn't it father's choice?""Yeah, okay.  But Tanto in Sunnyvale is too much like a sul gip.""No it's not""Yes it is.""Whatever, let's just give it a try."[15 minutes later, family pulls into the Tanto parking lot.  It's full, and the wait looks to be long.  Husband gets that sinking feeling that it's not exactly going to be the happy family enjoying dinner.]"Okay hun, how about Kitsho?  You like that place.""Is it open?""I'll call them."[Husband dials Google 411.  Eyes furrow as it becomes quite clear that advances in technology have still not solved the problem of bad Japanese pronunciation and voice recognition.  Multiple tries lead to frustration]"It's only a few miles away.  Let's just go there.""OK"[20 minutes later, family pulls into another empty parking lot.  Husband, being quite philosophical about things, feels resigned to his fate.  He will be found dead, choking on a piece of Big Mac, 1/2 of a large Coke by his side]"How bout we just go to Tanto.""Can we try the one in San Jose, you know on Saratoga.  I like that one better.""Well, there's no way I'm going there unless I call and confirm they're open.  Cause if we go there and they're closed, we're going to end up eating at Ringer Hut....and I still have no idea what that restaurant's about.""Fine"[Husband calls Google 411 again.  He's relieved that voice recognition seems to like "Tanto" better that "Kitsho".  Brief joy is quashed by a constant ring, but no pick-up at Tanto, San Jose]"Honey, baby, wife, mother.  Can we just go to Tanto in Sunnyvale.""Fine"[It's nearly 8:30.  Family is starving.  The Kid is half unconscious from hunger.  The family enters the restaurant, husband hoping beyond all hope that things will work out okay.  SURPRISE!!!!!  The sun shines on a dog's ass sometimes.]Tanto Sunnyvale has undergone a transformation.  I don't know exactly when it happened, but the central tatami area of the restaurant, the area that gave my better half the sul gip (meaning drinking house in Korean) heebie geebies, is now gone, replaced by extra chairs and tables.   The interior has also been given a slightly more modern decor.  All in all, it's more of a restaurant now, in the European mode of thinking, than a traditional Japanese restaurant.[Wife seems pleased at the changes.  Husband needs a stiff drink].Glad to say that the food is still exemplary.  Here's the damage for the night:1 large sake, cold, unfiltered.Ankimo (Monk Fish Liver), also known as the foie gras of the sea.  It's actually very good here.  Served with a ponzu and green onions, it's a great accompaniment with the cold sake.Salmon Chazuke.  Rice served with a tasty dashi poured on top.  Cooked salmon, salmon eggs, and wasabi.  For me, the wasabi is the key.  It gives the whole dish that clean, cool taste, spicy without adding heat.Kurobuta Steak.  It was good but a bit dry.  I was disappointed in that the fat of the pork wasn't crisp, which is the way I like it.  Not horrible, but not the best Kurobuta I've had.Gyutan.  Okay, so beef tongue is not everyone's favorite, but beef tongue cooked right, just shy of well done, is one of the more tender cuts of meat.  There's a reason why French Laundry used to serve beef tongue sandwiches as part of its staff meals.  It's really a tasty cut.  Tanto does it right too, but make sure you ask for it to be cooked slightly south of well done.  Over cooked beef tongue is like eating dish washing gloves.Tako Salad.  Best octopus salad I've had.  Beats the Italian style any day.  The combination of greens, tako and soy-ponzu based dressing is hard to beat.  I could eat this all day, and the portion is very large.  A winner.Toasted Rice Balls with Salmon.  A throw in for the Kid as he is the rice fiend extraordinaire.   Not my favorite, but not that bad either.  Toasted rice is always a good thing, but the only thing I don't like is that it's really not a dish to be eaten alone.  It serves as a good base for something else.Squid with spicy cod roe.  Great with rice, spicy cod roe is one of my favorite dishes.  Mixed with squid, the combination is better than you think, with the squid muting some of the harsher aspects of the cod (i.e., cod roe can be salty, but with the squid, it works).Needless to say, family is utterly stuffed.  The bill for all of the above comes to around $120...not bad actually.Another Fathers Day saved from the clutches of failure, and Tanto Sunnyvale is back in the rotation.  A father's work never ends.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/8/2013,522,445,8,12,8>The pizza here is legit!We ordered a bunch of different pizzas and I got to taste four of them.  They were all so good!  The Greek was delicious and my only gripe was the thin crust was a little soggy, not as crisp as I imagined it would be, but their pesto chicken pizza corrected that right away!  The pesto chicken was my favorite, and I thought it would be greasy, but surprisingly it wasn't!  The thin crust was perfect for the light pesto flavor (definitely not as tart as the deep dish pizzas!), and I also liked that it was layered with plenty of mushroom and onions!I also tried the Blue Line deep dish pizza, which was all veggies, making me feel less guilty about eating a second slice... It was loaded with spinach, mushrooms and onions, and then topped with lots of marinara sauce.  So delicious!  I liked their cornmeal crusted pizza, but Carl W. ended up finishing my crust because I was about to explode from all the food.I also tried the Mediterranean deep dish pizza.  It was good... but wasn't too memorable.  I only had a bite of it and it was quite cheesy and gooey.  At that time I simply could not stomach any more food.Their salad looks gigantic from afar.  The chicken wings were kind of meh, because they were not saucy nor spicy enough.  I also thought the roasted peppers were a must SKIP.  No flavor at all, which saddened me a little bit.The service was friendly, but the service on drinks was slow... I understand we were a big party but it surprised me that it took me 30 minutes before drinks were served.I'd probably return with my pizza cravings next time :)
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,1/7/2013,562,163,12,11,10>I love coming here when I'm in the area and craving a refreshing thirst quencher. My drink of choice is the Passion Fruit Iced Green Tea w/ Ai-Yu Jelly! I also really enjoy their grass jelly since they make all of their jellies in house..making them all super fresh and yummy. I am always so tempted to say "Ai-Yu-Ken" (like "hadouken") when I order my ai-yu jelly, but my bf vowed to never take me back there if I do it and embarrass him...maybe after we break up...JUST KIDDING!
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,1/6/2013,1261,428,11,12,13>How can I have lived in Downtown SJ for so long and never even stepped inside of this place. As I entered the building, I was surprised as to find how ridiculously spacious it was. From a bar to huge T.Vs and everything sports pool bar status, this spot is definitely a hidden find. Not only was I digging how many pool tables there were, but my absolute favorite thing was the local talents' artwork that covers their walls. Overall, if you're looking for a chill spot to play pool and have some drinks in the downtown area, then this is your spot.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,1/5/2013,535,143,4,15,5>There's something so very American about eating breakfast at a diner.  And although I'm not usually a breakfast person, Country Inn Cafe might just change my mind.  How to Order for Two People Here:1) One order of Omelet Soufflé (11.99)2) For your order above choose Option #3: which includes hash browns, and 2 pancakes (1.50 extra for banana walnut or pecan)3) Get "one biscuit and gravy" (2.50) NOT "one order" (one order comes with four halves).  This will be served in two halves with heaping amounts of gravy. This is a great way to try everything that is famous at the restaurant without being overwhelmed by the ridiculous food portions.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,1/4/2013,110,73,9,8,8>I love these cupcakes! The burnt almond is my favorite. I have tried them all and they are all good to great. Like another reviewer said "Light, cute and perfectly sweet." At $3 each, they're a little pricey but I need it. The red velvet and banana nutella cupcakes are also memorable.I read some reviews about how the cupcakes weren't moist enough. You know what's moist? SpongeBob SquarePants, The Philippines and my armpit. I don't want damp cupcakes. These cupcakes are not dry, they are perfect. I like Love's Cupcakes and Kara's, but these are my favorite!
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,1/3/2013,615,556,10,13,13>Falafel Drive-In is still the King of (falafel) Balls.But Yiassoo's Super Gyro Salad is legit - and the perfect size to split with your lunch buddy. Freakin' delicious with lots of shaved meat, red onions, tomatoes, cucumbers, lettuce, a light vinaigrette-type dressing, and feta. Add some Greek hot sauce and you're set. The speedy service means it's a great place for a quick and tasty lunch. What's up with no soda cup lids though?
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,1/1/2013,942,253,12,18,17>After dinner out at a new business we found on Yelp (review on that one later), we looked for a new spot  for coffee and desserts.  We found Cafe Legato and though there were only six reviews as of our search, the photos and the information on their website enticed us forward.This "mom & pop" business is located at the shopping center where Aqui's and  a Chevron gas station, corner of Blossom Hill and Snell in San Jose, are located.  There is plenty of parking in the private lot for this shopping center.  The interiors of Cafe Legato were lovely and warm, not overly decorated like other cafes.  Cafe Legato was very clean as well, an important criteria for me besides what the food tastes like.  Overall ambiance, I would give them 5 stars out of 5.I ordered the "Ode to Joy" dessert which is a sweet flan baked on top of a sponge cake.  As this dessert needs to be refrigerated due to the flan, it's best to let your dessert come to room temperature before enjoying the flavors.  I also ordered a Chinese green tea that was iced and pleasantly surprised to find out it was to be brewed, iced and served to our table.  By the time my iced tea came to us, the dessert cake "Ode to Joy" was ready for us to try.Since my husband is not much of a dessert person, for him to say it was delicious is praise indeed!  The owner also presented a sample cup of the cold brewed coffee for my husband to try explaining how it takes 12 hours to cold brew the coffee.  In this manner, the owner said, you can really taste the flavor of the particular coffee beans that were used in the cold brewing method.  If you like your coffee smooth with the flavor of the coffee beans standing out, minus the acidity, then cold brew is for you.  We both liked the cold brew coffee very much.I asked the owner about his coffee and tea knowledge. He stated he attended a culinary school that teaches folks about coffee and tea.  He went on to say that this is a business model he has been planning for sometime now.  I can say by what I saw and experienced on today's first visit, he must have been an A+ student.  The customer service was excellent - knowledgeable and friendly.Besides the coffee and teas choices, Cafe Legato makes sweet and savory baked goods as well.  Cafe Legato offers panini sandwiches, which I look forward to trying fairly soon.  Can you tell I'm a fan?  :o)Cafe Legato made an excellent first impression on us and we will definitely come back...again and again.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/31/2012,1125,189,8,13,11>Alas, it's been a while since I've eaten at a restaurant and then couldn't wait to hop on yelp and rave about :). So happy to spread the word about this gem!First of all, it is imperaaatttiiveee that you get reservations for Nick's. The restaurant only has 9-10 tables. It is SMALL but worth it! If you're going to dine in on a weeknight, call 1-2 days ahead. If it's a weekend, I assume the table would need to be booked at least 1 week in advance. They do have a sister restaurant (Nick's Next Door), but that place gets booked really fast too!The service is impeccable and it's a pretty intimate experience. I came for my Mom's birthday and it was a perfect pick for an occasion like that. They also apparently serve lunch which is so great! :)They also offer specials. One of the specials was a bolognese. I can't really remember what the second special was. Oh yes. They also serve focaccia bread with a delicious sun dried tomato and olive oil spread. Anyhow, we had: Trust the Chef ($15) - For our appetizer, we couldn't choose between all of the delectable sounding dishes, so we decided to trust the chef. The chef apparently picks what he's going to make for the table on the spot. I assume he probably aims to pair it with whatever else is ordered for entrees. We had a roasted duck leg with a cherry reduction sauce, served with baby asparagus, sitting on a bed of risotto. Excellent start to our meal :).Chilean Sea Bass ($26) - Both of my parents had the sea bass. It was served with THE MOST AMAZING GNOCCHI I'VE EVER HAD. Haha :). The potato and rosemary flavors in the gnocchi were prominent and the texture was also fantastic. The roasted butternut squash and mushrooms were also awesome. The fish, of course, was cooked to perfection - buttery and flaky, with a slight crust on the outside.  Ahi Tuna ($25) - I had the ahi tuna. It was seared and drizzled with hot Chinese mustard (one of my FAVORITE flavors). It's also served with various Asian veggies - bok choy and shitake mushrooms - on a bed of risotto. Also very good, but I still think the sea bass stole the show.Banana Bread Pudding ($?) - Thanks Nick's for giving my mom a delicious dessert on the house for her birthday! The flavor was sooo good. I thought it tasted almost like it had sour cream in it, which was an excellent spin on this dish. If it had more of a crispy crust on the outside, it would have been perfect. It was also drizzled with a caramel rum sauce and was topped with whipped cream. A great finish to a lovely meal.We will be back, and next time I'm going to try one of Nick's cuts of meat - pork chops, ribs, and steak! :)
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/30/2012,739,432,19,19,16>Heeeeeeeeeeey, sexy laaady! That was the song playing when I stepped through the door of BibimBowl today. Nice to see that Gangnam Style is still relevant three months after going viral. Maybe the people working here are tired of hearing it all the time, who knows. But I couldn't tell, since they were all smiles and very friendly. Oh and the food was tasty, too.BibimBowl is very similar to Sunny Bowl in Mountain View. The question we're all asking is, "Which one is better?!" Well today, we're going to have them face off in culinary combat to answer that question once and for all. The winner for each round will be determined by two impartial judges: my wallet, and my stomach.Let the battle begin!PRICES: Sunny Bowl. SB is slightly cheaper and their items are priced so that they come to an even number after tax.VARIETY: BibimBowl. SB doesn't offer pork, but BB does. BB offers both normal and spicy versions of beef and chicken; SB has just the normal versions. Both places have the option for brown rice, but only BB advertises it. BB gives you four choices for sauce, compared to a single option at SB.QUALITY OF FOOD: Sunny Bowl. Both places use fresh ingredients, but SB's bibimbap includes scrambled egg and grape tomato, which BB omits.QUANTITY OF FOOD: Guess what. For this round, we have a tie! Both places provide a reasonable amount of food, but my stomach would be happy with more.AMBIANCE: Sunny Bowl. After their remodel, SB has a lot more space, feels less cramped, and has a classy-looking bar. Sorry BB, your modern look is appreciated, but you're still cramped, like SB used to be.HOURS: Sunny Bowl. During weekdays, BB closes after lunch at 2:30, and reopens for dinner at 4:30. SB works hard and takes no such break. Both places are annoyingly closed on Sunday.Verdict:Well, well. All things considered, Sunny Bowl ekes out a narrow win, with BibimBowl a close second due to their larger variety. The importance of variety is not to be underestimated. Sunny Bowl will continue to be my first choice for bibimbap, but on days I don't bring my car to work and can't drive over to Mountain View, BibimBowl in Sunnyvale will be a gratifying choice indeed.But I'm still waiting to find a bibimbap place that is 5-star's amazing.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,12/29/2012,158,197,8,9,9>I'm back with a brand new rap! Jk not really, but I've missed Yelp thoroughly. What better way to come back and review Four Seasons?You know it's good when it's busy. We didn't have to wait very long at all though before they cleaned a table for us and got everything ready! One of the hostesses/waitresses was really nice, and she reminded me so much of my aunt I wanted to hug her :( lol. She and the others work tirelessly here without so much as a frown or look of contempt when in action. I ordered the pho ga, while my friend got the pho bo-both sure fire choices, and the wait wasn't bad. Both came out piping hot, with plenty of the trad herbs and condiments to spruce the meal up. Ours really didn't need any major renovations, as you can pretty much tell the broth is made fresh, with plenty of xuong (bones) to supplement. Egg rolls were delish, and filled to the max with not filler veggies, but meat! For this type of establishment, I would really look to expand.. it will perfect the experience by rendering it more peaceful, physically comfortable, the whole shabang.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2009,7/25/2009,262,162,13,17,19>I decided to save my 50th review for a special place.When my ex broke up with me a couple years ago, I needed to replace the heart pendant he gave me. While visiting, I browsed around, taking notice of the regular, butterfly, lock and key, and heart pendants... none seemed to fit what 'I' felt at the time. I wanted it to mean something, not just something pretty.I turned to Alex and asked, "Can you make me something?" and the answer?"Absolutely"The next day, I came back with a picture of a black widow. Why, you ask? If you've ever seen a picture of a male and female black widow, the female is about 3x bigger than the male, and is also known to kill and eat the male after mating if she even lets him do that. It signifies feminine empowerment. I choose if I want him. I choose if I don't want him.They worked with me picking out the size and shapes of the jewels, whether I wanted white or yellow gold and worked with my college student budget. We ended up with 2 rubies to accent the red 'hourglass' and a diamond to signify a dew drop in the web. Because a diamond is forever, and I have forever in my hands.About 4 weeks and a couple molds later. It was finished.And it was beautiful.I had imagined it 2D, but they managed to set the yellow gold spider on top of the white gold 'web' frame so it was actually 3 dimensional. I am so happy. The service is outstanding and friendly. Price was fair. And I have something that I can keep and cherish for the rest of my life!Plus Rocky is as cute as a button!
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,7/24/2009,736,972,27,28,29>Taco Quest-SJTacos: $2.50 each for regular and more for tacos with guacamole and crema.Seating: Plenty of tables, this is not just a Taqueria.Credit Cards Accepted-and they take AMEX!!!Size: 2 Large tortillas, Good for Groups: Yes of 6 or more.Parking: The joint is in a small strip mall with plenty of parking.Order at the counter, and wait for your name to be called.The regular tacos here are what I call SUPER tacos. I ordered 2 carne asada and they were plenty big.  Served with beans and pico de gallo, this carne was lightly seasoned and wonderful. No grease, just all flavor. Reminded me of the carne you get at chavez and make during the summer on the grill.  Delish, fresh, and not overpowering.  Add a little orange sauce, and you are set.IF YOU READ ONE THING: FRESH CARNE OFF THE GRILL AND ADELITA'S VERY OWN ORANGE SAUCE!!!-1 star for the Costco round chips. -1 star for charging me $1.50 for bunk chips.  Who serves bunk chips??? No, no, no. The chips and the salsa served with them were a HUGE disappointed. SKIP. You are better going to 7-11 next door.   OH yah, and refills aren't free.  Ambiance:You want some history on Mexican icons, look at the walls. Cantinflas, Mexican Artists, and Elvis uhmm... and the Beatles. Go with it.  The walls keep it lively.   Love the decor and the friendly ambiance. Daily specials listed on the front and on the board.  I have come here twice and notice the crowd is very Willow Glen. Keep this in mind...when you look at the prices...and wonder how the bill came out to be 20 bucks for dinner...
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,7/23/2009,830,598,13,21,18>James, the bartender last night....awesome guy. Gave me two vanilla coconut mojitos and a free shot on the house! My head is still hurting. Ohhh...did I mention that I LOVE the music they were playing in the evening? Strictly all old school hip-hop. Gotta love that....and their Happy Hour (voodoo hour).When: Mondays-Fridays, 4pm-7pmDrinks:$5 well drinks (vodka, gin, rum, tequila)$3 pint of beer$5 22 oz. beer$2 Bud light and Pabst (bottle)Food Menu:$5 Gumbo, etouffe or cup of soup of the day$7 half poboy and fries$1 fried oysters (ea)$7 pulled pork sliders$7 fried shrimps and remoulade sauce$5 rice and red beans$7 bbq riblets$10 appetizer trio (choose from: fried okra, fried grits, cajun fries, onion rings, or hush puppies)
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,7/22/2009,967,1207,31,33,34>I don't think I've ever had Bun Bo Hue before... and now I have and I'm afraid to try it any spicier. Then again I'm a spice-tard. Thank gawd I had the lovely Cindi lady in there to walk me through the 36 chambers of Bun Bo Hue.... cuz Jackie was useless and I don't speak a word (looks can be deceiving but I'm not Vietnamese). lmao Much love Jackie!!!! You know the one thing that wasn't as bad as I thought it would have been... the big old cube of blood...... and no, I only ate one. But it wasn't half bad.... and everything else was great! The sugar cane juice hit that sweet spot too. ;D
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,7/21/2009,490,412,28,28,28>No Way.Hue.No Way.Hue.My exposure to Vietnamese food never encompassed the tapas like delicacies of what I experienced at Hue Restaurant.  We ordered an assortment from the appetizer side, which was a great introduction to the eye opening flavors of authentic Hue cuisine.The Banh Beo came to us arranged in small saucers, and collectively, resembled flower petals with a pinkish hue - pun intended.  Steamed shrimp and rice flour paste, drizzled with fish sauce, this was a good first course.All together we must have ordered seven dishes, my favorite being the Banh Ram It.  Served three to a plate, imagine cream puffs...but instead of cream, it's overflowing with rice flour paste and the aforementioned steamed shrimp.  I so wanted the third one, but didn't want to look too greedy.The most challenging dish (I'm Andrew Zimmern's taste tester, remember?) was the Tom Chua Thit Luoc.  It's hard enough to pronounce, but harder to eat...but not for me.  Fermented shrimp, fermented veggies, and pork with vinegar, all assembled with rice noodle and lettuce.  Wow...what an explosion of flavors!Thanks, Amanda.  No Hue I could pass this opportunity up.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,7/20/2009,234,115,14,23,20>Who knew that a low tire would lead to something so magical?I went to the 76 Station near my house to fill the air in my tires and noticed a large, bright green tin structure near the sidewalk.  The closer I got the greater my curiosity grew.  It looked like an uber large library book or movie rental return box.  To my surprise, it is actually a recycling center for clothes, shoes and household textiles.  Not only does it assist people in our local community but it also helps people in need in Third World Countries...and they're "Green."   How exciting is that?!  .I haven't taken anything there, yet, because I recently donated a large amount of items during my big move...but I will when I do my spring cleaning.  I think this is such a cool idea!Ironically...it is located in the same lot with the Goodwill on Almaden Expwy.  Verrrryyyy interesting..."In ever deliberation we must consider the impact on the 7th generation..." Great Law of the Iroquois** Posted on the front of the bin.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,7/19/2009,167,346,13,11,9>O to the M to the Gjust read: on the special board "pork tender" sandwich - ordered - what I ate was magical - tender pork that tasted like steak, sliced thin and piled on a soft ciabatta roll with carmelized onions and melted on top, camembert cheese....served along side a little greens with flowers. heaven, truly madly deeply heaven. it will depress me to know that this is a special because I could see myself eating this everyday. and the best part of this place - for every holiday and special occasion - this time Superbowl, they have a great menu of to go party food for you to order. If their cocktail weenies are half as good as that damn sandwich I will weenie myself in a week , no doubt.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,7/18/2009,292,189,14,18,15>Vegetarians and PETA members do not come in here...you may have a stroke. BUT meat lovers come to ooohh and ahhhh at all the ribs, loins, and patties that you can. This place is only a mile from my house but I never knew it existed. Located in a neighborhoody spot surrounded by homes, I would have easily drove by it if it weren't for yelp.I was in the mood for a sammich (yes, I am aware this word is not in the English dictionary - my brother reminded me of that). Tri-tip on the menu jumped out at me so the Rollie with PepperJack Cheese on Dutch Crunch it was static.px.yelp.com/bphot. HUGE sandwich with lots of veggies. I only wish they put some more bbq sauce. The meat was tender but not enough of a grilled taste to it. More of a 3-star sandwich and nothing compared to my ALL-TIME FAVE at Firestone's (yelp.com/biz/firestone-g).But the owner was super sweet and when I last minute decided to add avocado to my order, I was about to fork over my 50 cents but he said don't worry about it. +1 Star. I'll be back to try out other sandwiches and maybe their sausage special...or maybe pick up some of their pre-packaged meat. The have pretty much every forest animal imaginable. Buffalo? Rabbit? Elk? Anyone? static.px.yelp.com/bphot
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,7/16/2009,866,266,16,16,16>TGIF! Thank God It's Fish! Haven't had fish and chips in a long, long while, but the Yelp iphone app reminded me this place was nearby! Probably the last time I had fish and chips was from this place, years ago. It's pretty much how I remember it - definitely qualifies as a hole in the wall kind of place which is what give it its charm. The crowd inside was families and senior citizens, definitely more my pace than the frenzied suits jumping over each other at the Chipotle lunch line the other day.Had #1 which was 1 piece fish and chips for $4.99. Took about 10 minutes to fry those puppies up. In the meantime, I just chilled out at one of the tables, inhaling the grease aromatherapy while listening to the spa-like bubbling of the fryers. Gotta love it! Thanks Bay Fish! I'll be back!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,7/15/2009,545,312,16,19,20>Karaoke bar - cheap drinks - Stella on tap!  FTW!Went here with fellow Yelper Archie G. (not knowing he was a karaoke legend!) after the Beer Wars screening and after party at Roux in Santana Row.  The lounge is a classic dive bar - situated in a small strip mall close to Santana Row and Valley Fair.  Easy to access, plenty of parking around.Like most dive bars, this is longer than it is wide - the bar stretches back and widens into a game area with a pool tables, dart boards and a juke box.  LCD TV's hang from the ceilings or walls - at least two of these are dedicated to the karaoke tunes and lyrics.Had a beer (didn't try food) - bartender was very friendly and quick (though the bar was hardly crowded - it was close to 1 AM)And then the Archie show started!  Heard a couple of decent singers croon some slow melodies and then, it was rock-on time!  And it was the full show - head-banging, air guitar - almost dancing on the tables!  Loved it and the other bar patrons loved it as well!  LOL - I've not had so much fun at a karaoke place where I wasn't even singing!  Well done man!As a previous poster mentions, the talent level of singers at this place seemed quite high - most took it seriously and put out good performances.  If you're used to singing out of key, you best not try to sing here but please, don't let that stop you from going and enjoying the show - it's well worth it!I'll be back here for sure - place is quite welcoming - you don't feel intimidated here despite some really "tough" looking people hanging out here - everyone's here to have fun - and I had a ton of fun!~ 4 stars overall!# 87
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/18/2010,7/29/2010,164,144,21,14,20>I've been so intrigued by this store that's called Egg N' More...yea, just one egg, and what else could they possibly sell? Not a whole lot apparently. I walked inside and in their fridge were a couple cartons of a dozen eggs and a few larger trays of eggs.  In another fridge were drinks (water, soda, etc.) and a stand near the door included chips and candies.There was one lonely man working the counter...My carton of a dozen eggs came out to $1.75, which isn't bad at all.  I really have no idea how this store stays in business, but props to them for hanging in there during the recession.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,7/28/2010,370,289,33,28,18>We're in a park. what can you find at this park?Animals like goose and geese.Hot chicks running around the lakeKids playing at the playgroundPoop on the ground from the goose and geese and other animals running around6 dollar parking feebbq pitsNice lake viewTrees that provide shadeNice park Rangers that provide garbage bags for your trash.Cute parking collection girlsANDAlcohol permitted 30 feet away from playgrounds. Yes, that's right folks go get your drink on.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,7/27/2010,648,170,18,17,15>Continuing the megapost pizza review festival of 2010, I'm going to let you in on a big secret...  There is real New York Pizza in norcal.  Real.  Don't argue with me about this because not only am I from Queens Boulevard I *AM* Queens Boulevard, capice?Uh, actually I'm from Newport Beach by way of Tokyo, but instead of summer camp I once spent a summer in Queens & Manhattan, it was breathtaking. (For the most part)This is one of a few places where I ordered a pizza to take somewhere, (In keeping with my rule that I only cook for special people, and events don't count, but never mind that...) I ended up eating (almost) half of a large "Rockefeller Center" by myself.Yes, I'm sure John J. Rockefeller himself would say that this is some pretty damn good pizza, lest not share for fear that the world could end and you will need that pizza for bartering as it quite possibly is better than gold, or at least tastier.  Get it. Now.I'm spent.  Time for a cigarette.  No wait, I quit.  Time for a Nicorette.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,7/26/2010,545,312,11,20,17>I'm no Pho expert but I like food and if I find food to be tasty, I rate it high.  So, while this review makes no claim about the authenticity of the Pho, it does capture what I felt while eating it.Bliss.It was the perfect evening for Pho - cold and a touch gloomy... hint of rain in the air.  And I had just arrived from a couple of days at the CES show and a day filled with alcohol as my only caloric intake until the moment I walked into Pho Y.First, the place is easy to find and there appears to be more than adequate parking for most normal days.  Of course, I came here as part of the record setting UYE that Betty N. had set up so I knew parking might be a problem but I totally got a great spot.~ 5 stars for accessibility and parking optionsBrightly lit restaurant, wide and spacious, very utilitarian - this place has one purpose - food.  And the ambiance is nothing to write home about but you're really here for the food.  Restroom is clean and spacious as well.~ 3 stars for ambianceService was great - very attentive (a touch impatient but then, not annoyingly so ;) - orders were taken quickly and water made its way out almost instantly.  Our orders also arrived quickly.  Waiter was helpful in pointing out dishes which had shellfish (I'm allergic) and the entire staff was very patient (and amused) as the very large Yelp group stretched them to the limit.~ 4 stars for serviceNow, the food.  I ordered a small bowl of the #2 on the menu - with brisket, tripe, tendon and a bunch of other yummy stuff.  The large bowl is only a dollar more but I knew I could not finish it and I'm not one to wantonly waste food.  The broth was absolutely delicious and spicy and all the meats were cooked well.  The noodles were also perfectly cooked.  Fresh basil, sprouts, jalapenos and lemon were provided on a separate plate to mix into the Pho.  I love basil and added it liberally to my Pho.  Absolutely amazing what a little fresh basil can do!Our table also ordered some egg rolls, spring rolls (for me, since I can't eat shrimp in the egg rolls) and the shaking beef.  The spring rolls were great - with a crunch to them.  The peanut dipping sauce was incredible - I really enjoyed it.  I had a bite of the shaking beef and it was pretty good as well.~ 4 stars for the food - I will definitely be back for more!!!~ 4 stars overall.  If you're in the mood for some good honest Pho at a really inexpensive and unpretentius place, Pho Y is the place to go.# 158
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,7/24/2010,564,356,14,17,15>I'm back and it's better than ever! I love, love, love this place. I had mentioned that I wanted to eat here again and try their noodles (since I'm a noodle whore) and we stopped in on Friday night. It was jam packed at 6:45pm and there was a wait but they made room for us at the little bar area and re-arranged everything for us to make it more comfortable (Great service). I ordered up the Chap Chee noodles, Spicy Pork and Seafood Pancake (I did over-order from leftovers are always good). Everything, as usual, was delicious! The pancake was huge and warm and plenty of seafood - the noodles was tasty and had tons of veggie and beef - the spicy pork (my first time trying this dish) was very moist and perfectly spiced. The service is always impeccable and extremely friendly - I crave this place 24/7 - I want to marry into this restaurant to be able to enjoy it all day, week, month, year long!
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,7/23/2010,343,173,13,14,14>*Note to self*Never bring two buck chuck to a place that charges you a corkage fee.  I found out the hard way as I was heckled all throughout Waltski's UYE.   My bad guys!  I really like Charles Shaw's Merlot...But I digress, so back to my review of Maceio, Brazilian Steak house that took over for Melting Pot in downtown.  (I guess the La Fondue knock off couldn't hang with this recession)  So I've been to a few places like Pampas or Yoli's in Vegas so I have a good idea of what's good or bad.  It's all about the quality of the meat and how well prepared.  Is the meat too dry or succulent?  How often do the meat imps come around etc.  The selections of meats were all good except for I wasn't too impressed with the lemon tyme chicken because it was dry but the signature sirloin of theirs is full of flavor and bloody good.  One of the meats actually had a slight crust to it  and the carrot marinaded turkey was interesting but worked.  What  I really liked the short rib as it was seasoned really well, but what I couldn't get enough off was the pineapple.  Yes the Pineapple.  I love pineapple.. I mean I really love it and when you roast it with cinnamon it's freakin out of this world incredible.  Plus it's a perfect change of pace with all the salty meats you're eating.  I honestly think I killed off a whole pineapple in that sitting.Oh yeah there are sides too like asparagus, but what I loved best about the side bar was the corn casserole.  I think I went back to the bar like 4 times and also finished the last of it.  Next time I come back, I'm bringing tupperware... (Hey it's a recession bitch!)Van The Man Must Try : I know you come here for the meat, but you gotta try the pineapple and you know what they say about guys that eat a lot of pineapple ;)
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2010,7/21/2010,854,542,15,18,18>The day before Valentine's Day 2010.It's been a while [read: HECKA-long-time-ago!] since I've bought flowers for anyone other than mom or gramma, but this year I felt inspired.I walked over from some serendipitously found street parking in search of something simple, sweet, sincere...... nothing too opulent.... nothing grandiose.Just something to say the important things that sometimes go unsaid.So I browsed around the little shoppe, the back area was abuzz with florists assembling and crafting arrangements, most of which more extravagant than I wanted. Outside, a number of singular blooms were available. Going back and forth between all the options, one of the staff came over and friendlily and observantly commented, "You keep coming back to these. I think you know what you want.""Yeah," I said in agreement. "I think I'm getting these.""They're lovely, they're going to love them." I noted he chose to neutrally say "they're" instead of "he" or "she". Nice.A quick couple minutes later, the florist had dressed up the simple bloom with a few additions - baby's breath, colored paper, cellophane - wished me a good day, and I was on my way.Yeah, they made the day; helped me simply say what I wanted to say."Happy Valentine's Day. I love you. And thank you, for loving me."I don't know much about flowers, but good and friendly service?Rosies and Posies, downtown? I couldn't ask for more. __________________________________Curious, I ask, "So, what are these called?""Stargazer lilies," the florist says."Oh, that's perfect. That's perfect."
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,7/20/2010,878,405,13,24,23>I'm excited that there's a dim sum bakery in this area!  This place reminds me of New Hwong Kok with large meaty dumplings, piping hot porridge, and baked or deep fried snacks.  Then I find out they're related.  They have the same items, same cheap combos, and small space.  I like this place better though....It's a little cleaner, porridge is thicker (with better tasting pork or fish), they allow combo substitutions, and they always have baked pork buns available!  On another note, I've dabbled with their deep fried meat dumpling which was just okay.  Their shark's fin dumpling wasn't soft throughout.  Like at NHK, I didn't taste (or smell) anything special about the soy sauce chow mein.  I usually get their #1 combo which includes (1) pork bun, (1) vegetable bun, (3) "large" Shui Mai, (2) shrimp dumpling, and (1) bowl of preserved egg and pork porridge.  For less than $6, it's a steal!  I'm also a fan of their fish fillet porridge and their steamed spareribs that are perfectly fatty.  Their seafood dumpling looks and tastes vibrant.  Baked pork buns and crunchy shrimp balls are as good as they get.Being nearby and quick, I see myself visiting this small take-out joint at least once a week.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,7/19/2010,1260,803,29,29,26>Late night foodie tip for downtown San Jose...If La Vic's is packed, go see Bill.If Jack in Box on East San Carlos is packed, go see Bill.If the 24 hour Carl's Jr is packed, go see Bill.If Iguana's is packed, go see Bill. I hate the food at Original Joes... so I go see Bill.I finally had the chance to visit Bill and his beer brewed hot dog stand on 04/16/2010 during our late night bar crawls in downtown San Jose.    He was parked between the Temple night club and Koji's Sake Lounge when one of our fellow bar crawlers was grubbing on his hot dog.   I had to stop and ask... "WHERE'D YOU GET THAT HOT DOG?"   I immediately left Koji's to meet Bill and bought one of his delicious dogs!      $5.00 cash for beer brewed polish dog wrapped in bacon with gourmet bun, chips, and soda.   This was street food at its best!    Plump, juicy, mouth watering beer taste.... oh man... this is a gentle cure if you're already buzzing.     A year ago I read an article in the San Jose Mercury News about Bill and his success.     He owned and operated Bella Mia for many years ago and decided undergo a "career change".   And what perfect timing because the food cart and taco truck market is very popular today.   CA-CHIN ((( $$$$ )))  FOR THE UNDERDOGS OF THE FOOD INDUSTRY!!!   If you're in the downtown area during lunchtime , he's located on Santa Clara street next to the Chase Bank (between Market & First Street).  His hours are Monday thru Friday from Noon to 2:00pm.   Bring cash and look for the red umbrellas.If you're bar crawling at night, you might want to call him to get his location:  Bill (408) 202-5410.He's not on Twitter yet but you can find his website here:  billdogs.comHappy Crawling with a HOT DOG in hand!Dating tip:  If your lady friend doesn't mind having a hot dog from Bill.....  SHE'S A KEEPER!   (Real Talk)
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2009,7/18/2010,264,260,9,8,8>#11, please!I've been going here since high school, and it's always been the same. Fast, efficient, albeit impersonal service, and great pho with savory broth.But today I saw that they started to step up their service. They were late in giving us our water, and when they did, they said "sorry!"... Oh. My. Gosh. THEY DO CARE!!!Anyway, really good, cheap pho. I think something like almost $6 per small bowl. And they crank it out almost as fast as McDonald's.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,3/12/2014,1071,862,10,14,14>My husband bought me my very first pair of running shoes here a few years ago! I loved my Asics! The sales associate who helped us was very knowledgeable, and showed me many different pairs of shoes after taking a video of my feet hitting the ground, which helped determine what type of shoes would suit me best. Prices are typical. A good pair of running shoes can be pricey, but I highly recommend shopping here, for at least your very first pair of running shoes. I gained a lot of knowledge and look forward to shopping here again soon!
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,3/11/2014,1,101,27,20,23>Great food deserve great words...in a poem:It was a chilly Monday night,Longed for a Mediterranean delight.On Saratoga Road and to my right,Veer in and Falafel Stop is in sight.Everybody gathers in line - straight and tight,Very hungry for falafel balls to bite.Chowed down real fast with a Sprite,Heading for seconds...I just might.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,3/10/2014,209,185,19,17,9>To the silly girls who think this little place is in a shady area, PA-LEASE. Girl, let me take you to east side of San Jose if you want to see some shady business, cause this ain't it. The Serra Way plaza is a bit old and somewhat desolate, but nowhere near ghetto. /SIDERAMBLE Any whosies, I have been waiting all of my life for Milpitas to finally have some kind of all around dessert and pastry cafe to open up that isn't some gimmicky chain that mass produces their products. Cakes and bakes that are made with love = Win. And while Le Reve Patisserie et Cafe is new and has a couple kinks to improve on, I think there is some great potential here. I've been here a couple times to sample a several things, and so far, everything has been pretty good. The Macaroons here admittedly aren't  as skillfully put together as say Chantal Guillon's are, but they are still super tasty. My personal favorite here is the pistachio, but the honey lavender ones are also pretty bomb. As far as desserts go, I've tried the tiramisu and the red velvet cake. I think the owner is a fan of mascarpone, because their red velvet dons that instead of your typical cream cheese frosting. Admittedly at first I thought it was a little peculiar, as when you're eating red velvet, you sort of expect it to be on the sweeter side. Le Reve's is subtle and slightly bittersweet and tangy. I would maybe slightly adjust the recipe for some sweetness and tone it down on the frosting, cause there was not enough cake to go around for my liking. The tiramisu is safe choice as it was good and pretty much tasted like how a tiramisu should. Both are $4. And as for their apparently amazing cronuts, I've only tried the chocolate covered one. These babies are pretty pricey, at $4 not including the tax, you could probably buy a doughnut and a croissant for a buck each at your local donut shop. The cronut I had here leans toward the doughnut spectrum in texture, which was fine with me. The amount of cream filling was just enough to make the inner fat child in me smile. Now I think Le Reve needs to think about some graphic design, packaging and cute decor to attract customers. The cafe is new, so there isn't much to look at here. A colorful and attractive design would definitely set the mood. Just my two cents. :')The staff here are super friendly and helpful, so kudos to the awesome service. And since this place is super close to my house, I'm determined to try every one of their cakes and pastries!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,3/9/2014,410,140,8,19,12>I am such a huge fan of this place!  SUCH A FAN :)1. The front desk person actually spoke English.2. Receptionist asks where you want the massage therapist to target.3. The place is so clean and cute.4. Massage can take place in a private room.5. They definitely work out the knots.I do not get people who gave this place bad reviews because the massage therapist was too strong....hello!!! Just ask them to lower the pressure. Me personally, I am there for them to bring the pain and work out the knots in my shoulder and they definitely do.I will be coming back and next time, I'm totally asking about the membership deal because I don't think I'll find a nicer place for the price you pay.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,3/8/2014,1261,428,12,14,13>Short for At Your Convenience, it is exactly that a convenient neighborhood coffee and sandwich spot. The owner Johnny is super awesome and is great to converse with, he always has something hilarious to say. I remember the first time that I came in, he made it very explicit that his espresso drinks have hella more espresso than other places, which is always great in my book. One day I totally forgot my lunch and luckily, Johnny hooked it up with one of those delicious turkey and cheese sandwiches. He was super considerate and asked if i was going to save it for lunch later and when I replied "yup" he then packed the sandwich dissembled so that it wouldn't get soggy in the fridge..score! Not only are his sandwiches and coffee drinks epic, but it is so awesome that he hosts various food trucks every Tuesday night until 9pm. The food trucks usually rotate like a Moveable Feast line-up. Overall, this little neighborhood coffee shop is an awesome part of the Japantown community.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,3/7/2014,492,201,24,28,25>$22 for Sunday brunch. All-you-can-eat fried chicken and waffles, BBQ ribs, mac & cheese, hush puppies, fried catfish, and peach cobbler. s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.comAt least that's all the bomb deliciousness I could remember before I fell into a food coma. Seriously, the best $22 you'll spend on the best soul food in the South Bay. Bring your appetite and your stretchy pants. What sets Lillie Mae's apart from the standard buffet is the quality. All the food is made in small batches, so the fried chicken is always piping hot and crispy delicious. The restaurant is lined with big screen TVs, perfect for Sunday football to pair with your endless day of gluttony. Don't forget to try the kool-aid. Ghetto Grape is my favorite =)
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/6/2014,221,239,9,13,10>A new boba joint opened & so far, I'm a fan! Prices are fair & plenty of choices to choose from. You can even tell them how sweet you want your drink. The drinks actually don't taste artificial, but more like the fruit/flavor is is supposed to be! Boba are near perfect with the right amount of chewiness & sweetness. The ladies working here are very sweet & quick! The place is clean & brightly lit, which makes me feel welcomed. The fridge at the counter also has assorted snacks for you to buy. I'll definitely be back for my next boba fix for sure! :)
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,3/5/2014,1274,850,10,18,12>Forgive me for not having written a Yelp review despite having been here at least 15 times since it opened a year ago. Where are my manners!Happy Hour is daily from 3-7pm. The best $5 per item you can spend. Beers (bottled are $3-5 and nice drafts are $5) - get the porter stout and other nice hef drafts. The happy hour food is amazing, it's all really really good. The best are the ribs, three generous pieces in a tasty teriyaki BBQ glaze, mmm. The pizza is a good size. The truffle fries can be munched on all day too.The regular meals aren't bad either. I prefer the brunch menu (mmm eggs benedict / loco moco) with the $15 all you can drink, extra strong, extra tasty, extra generous endless mimosas (11am-2pm weekends) GET IT!Ask for Ryan at the bar too, one of my fav bartenders who makes great craft cocktails.Sports games with sound are thrown throughout too, making it the Sunday Funday football spot.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,3/4/2014,165,412,10,17,11>Halal meat is served here per signs on the cart and the owners are known Muslims.  Finally a Halal Food Cart in the Bay Area comparable to those you find in NYC!  I tried both the lamb and chicken gyros (on different days) and they are both great!  A lot of meat in the gyro sandwich and the flavors are excellent!  Very friendly service with great prices ($7 for a gyro sandwich and a soda can or water bottle).  I have to try the Chicken and Rice plate next.  Highly recommended.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,3/3/2014,151,123,13,16,18>I am a huge fan of the DMV and let me tell you why...I needed my drivers license renewed so I showed up on a friday morning just before it opened. There were already a few people in line at 7:55. I was maybe fifth or sixth in line. The doors opened promptly at 8 and everyone in line within a minute was was given their ticket and told to be seated. My number was called at 8:05... my picture was taken...eye exam...fingerprint scan...paid by debit card...and BAM! out the door with my receipt by 8:15. You're Welcome. Go here, go early, go on Friday.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2007,11/23/2007,1071,862,5,16,16>Again, I found myself driving home with the kids, when El Pollo Loco appeared - like a beacon of hope for our hungry bellies! I had completely forgotten that this branch was open! We decided to dine inside rather than wait in the long drive thru line. I placed our order at the counter, and as we sat down, our trays of food were being handed to us! They really have an efficient system here! A few minutes later, an employee came around with offerings of salsa packets, jalapenos, wet naps, and breath mints on a tray. This courteous gesture is what sets El Pollo Loco apart from other chain chicken restaurants! They really do go the extra mile to make you feel welcome. When my two year old became loud and cranky- a kind employee who noticed we were getting ready to leave actually came to our table and took our trays for us! The customer service here is outstanding!
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2007,11/22/2007,895,1265,21,15,16>Have you ever had the kitchen staff at a restaurant peek their head out from the kitchen to see who the crazy patron is that ordered enough food to feed the population of Lichtenstein (7th smallest population in the world - I checked)?Yeah,  me either.  Till today.A few friends and I decided to head here for brunch after a long, arduous, and painfully sober evening - the whole daylight savings thing threw us off so our stomachs were an hour ahead of us.  It was noon but felt like 1pm.  We were seated in a roomy booth, and quickly got served coffee and juice.  After perusing the menu, which had so many delicious-sounding choices on it, we finally decided on what we were ordering:Gluttonous Fool #1:  Crab sandwich with fries, side of chicken-fried steak with gravy.Avid Overeater #2:  Eggs Benedict with polenta (instead of English muffin) with avocado, fruit cup, banana bread, and a side of corned beef hash.Overindulgent Epicurean #3:  Chicken-apple sausage Eggs Benedict with a fruit cup and banana bread.Binge-tastic Diner #4:  Seafood omelette (specifically requested with egg whites) with avocado, a side of Hollandaise sauce, hash browns, and sourdough toast.The food came quickly and in excessively large portions...we never had to ask for refills on coffee or water, because the servers were constantly coming around to check on us.  Our table, which I initially thought to be spacious, was crowded with plates, drinks, seven different bottles of condiments, creamer, and a basket of jelly.  Not to worry though, we were able to stack our plates because we finished EVERY.  LAST.  BITE.  The damage to our wallets?  $59.00.The damage we did on our food?  Priceless.PS:  It is 5:30pm and I cannot even THINK of eating right now.PPS.  It is midnight and I am still full.  This is like three meals in one!!
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2007,11/21/2007,116,234,7,5,6>*****Shhhhhhhh********TOP SECRETThe Mango Mojito here is TO DIE FOR!They are perfect for weddings, engagments, divorces, break ups, make ups, promotions, demotions, vacations, shitty work days, the list goes on and on. Now if they would only turn off the weird anime on the flat screens.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,11/20/2007,79,142,3,9,8>What the Red Crane offers in terms of food and service trumps any shortcomings it may have in ambience.  Sure, it's across from a Home Depot, but who cares???  The sashimi plate was incredibly fun to eat and full of happy surprises (the yellowtail with ponzu was lovely, as was the silky mouthful of toro).  All those Yelpers who have waxed poetic about the char siu black cod are absolutely right, and I also enjoyed the shaking beef and the trio of panna cottas.  The one with the green tea syrup was an especially focused, unctuous moment of Zen.  Service was top-notch as well.So happy I don't have to drive all the way up to The House to get my dose of inventive Asian-American food anymore!
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2007,11/19/2007,630,154,9,15,12>Dr. Baird isn't an oral surgeon; he is a magician. A wisdom tooth extraction magician.After putting off getting my wisdom teeth pulled for about 5 years, I knew it was time to bite the bullet and get the things removed.  They weren't violently impacted, but I was sick of dealing with the hassle of gum irritation and cheek biting and bacteria in those hard to reach places.  Better to just get rid of #'s 1, 16, 17, and 32 altogether.I decided to go to Dr. Baird and Dr. Lakha in Palo Alto because they came highly recommended from all my friends who saw them during high school.  On my first consultation (which was free of charge - possibly because I scheduled surgery), I talked to Dr. Baird about what was going on with my wizzies, and he recommended extraction of at least 2, possibly all 4 teeth, but left the decision up to me.  He also recommended full anesthesia during the procedure as opposed to local anesthetic, but again left the ultimate decision up to me.  I opted to get all 4 teeth removed under full anesthesia.  It was nice to have the choice.On the day of my surgery, I was nervous (my first surgery) but as soon as I sat down in the chair, Dr. Baird came in with his cute tortoiseshell glasses, gave me a high five, stuck a needle in my arm, and I was out in 5 seconds.  I don't remember anything more than that, but I woke up at home minus four bothersome teeth and a hearty prescription of codeine.About 24 hours later, I feel awesome.  Besides very very minimal swelling of my cheeks, I have virtually no pain at all.  And a hearty prescription of codeine.  It was pretty miraculous.  I'm going to stick to soup and yogurt for the next day or so, but I feel like I could run a marathon and eat pizza if I wanted to.If you need teeth extractions, go to Dr. Baird.  He is a magician and true master of his craft!
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,11/17/2007,199,210,5,6,9>Oh man... a Double-Double (2 patties, 2 slices of cheese), Animal Style (bun and onions grilled in mustard), with fries well-done and also animal style, hold the spread. Artery-clogging heaven on the cheap for the Seattleite here for a few days. Oh my heart is happy that In-N-Out isn't in Seattle, but my stomach and tongue aren't. What a treat. Next time, I will ask them to hold the cheese on the animal-style fries.In-N-Out is astounding; inexpensive and high quality. My only complaint is the cheese is kinda plasticky. If they used Tillamook or something... oh man...
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2007,11/15/2007,201,444,2,8,8>I went in today for lunch to try it out for the first time. It was about 1:00 pm, so it was just a little bit after the major lunch crowd.The service DOES need to be improved... that is for sure. They need a system or something. They took our names, but I never heard anyone call them out. My friend and I just happened to look up and see a basket on the counter, and she went up and it was hers.... later, mine came up, but no one called, so I walked up and got it, and yes, it was mine. Lucky? I guess....For $5.99 I got my "original hot" flavor chicken strips (I'm not into wings) and the fries, with a side of cole slaw, and a drink. I thought that was a pretty good deal. I was supposed to get three strips, but maybe because they weren't huge, I got four instead. So did my friend. I liked my flavor. She liked hers. She got the lemon pepper flavor. We both got the ranch to dip it into, and I was very satisfied.If they can just work on their ordering system, then I think they'll make more people happy. I definitely liked the tangy zinginess of my "original hot" sauce. It reminded me of the hotwings at Tampico's, where I used to work in Santa Cruz. I also liked that you could get a side of raw carrots and celery with it, instead of slaw or potato salad, if you want. Anyway, it's not bad, really. The fries were from fresh potatoes, not frozen, so I liked them better than other places. If they can just  get their system down.... and also work on their funky menu pricing, then they'll rate a bit higher, I think.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/24/2007,11/14/2007,304,350,15,5,5>ahhh...  the story of me and this gym seems to play out like some sort of romantic comedy, where the protagonist (me, played by drew barrymore circa. "never been kissed") in attempts to lose weight and successfully fit into our freakish society, joins the local gym and ends up doing all of the following things: walking off the end of one treadmill and falling into another one IN USE behind her, getting locked out of her locker and sitting naked on a bench in the locker room for 20 mins until she remembered the combination, boozing it up the night before with "alicia k." and then getting talked into going to a 9:00am tae bo class by said booze and exercise vixen "alicia k." and midway through class ends up running out of the room, up a flight of stairs and puking her guts out in the women's restroom.  actually, i believe my story is more of a cautionary tale about what happens when a fatty is left to her own devices around sports equipment.needless to say, as time progressed i ended up just going to the yoga classes and hanging out naked in the steam room.  there is also a pretty decent place to get a french dip around the corner, so i ended hitting them up on my way home from yoga class about half the time as well.i will say that this location is always VERY clean,has a decent steam room and pretty good classes and instructors.  the sales staff is a bit pushy, and i'm not convinced that the personal trainers here are educated enough to be advising people with serious back issues like myself about "circuit training".
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2007,11/13/2007,196,1936,3,7,9>this is such a cute place for tea...and in fremont, no less!!  i came to the niles district to meet 2 HS friends for tea today, and they had a halloween special for $28, including tax and tip.  the usual high tea menu is around $18 and includes just as much stuff.the tea came w/ a pot of butterscotch tea, pumpkin scone, a couple sandwiches, a few puffed pastry items, petit fours, a caramel cluster, cookie, and jelly bellies!  the tea here is definitely a bit different from your traditional english high tea, but i enjoyed it.  all of it was tasty, and the servers were dressed in halloween costumes.  the tea room is located in the back of an antique and tea accessory store, and it's really cute.  this is a quaint and nice place to meet up w/ girlfriends, and it is not pretentious at all.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2007,11/12/2007,449,368,8,17,13>I can't lie. Before I checked out Yelp, I was nowhere near an expert on sushi or Japanese cuisine in general, despite having studied the language and culture for many years. Nowadays, thanks to our resident Japanese food experts (namely Ken K. and Toro E.), I have a newfound respect for it all, and have become somewhat well versed on what to look for when choosing a place to dine.Quite frankly, most of the Japanese restaurants I have eaten at are more along the lines of the "cookie cutter" assembly line type, which provide a safe, yet sterile experience for the masses. However, as my palate and curiosity have grown, I have begun to branch out in the hopes of finding more specialized cuisine.Enter Shogun in Newark. I remember it back when it was a typical, suburban Japanese fast food joint. As the demographics started to change in the area, so did the level of sophistication and culture. No longer was there much of a market for such a place, and it didn't help matters that there are three other competing sushi joints on this very intersection alone.Fortunately, the legacy of the Shogun never died, because shortly after, a more classy, "genuine" sushi restaurant was resurrected in its very spot, while retaining the name. Now, I have been a customer of a couple of the other establishments on the block alluded to above, but as stated, all of them are the same old "see one, seen them all" type, so I was ready for something new.Wow, the moment I stepped into Shogun, I knew this was where I belonged. The place is very tiny, with simple, yet well designed decor. It probably has room for no more than 15-20 patrons tops, which lends to its overall intimacy. Take away the parking lot outside, and you might think the magic portal at the front door transported you to the back alleys of Yokohama. This is exactly how I envision the local sushi bars in Japan to look like, although I haven't visited in years, so I really have no basis for comparison.I know many people claim that sushi restaurants should only serve sushi, and the same for ramen, udon, tenpura, etc., so I was a little taken aback when I noticed that Shogun, like all the other generic establishments around town, pretty much offers every type of stereotypical Japanese dish there is. However, being the newbie that I still am, I don't hold that against them.If Shogun does have one specialty though, it most definitely would have to be the sushi! Packed very tightly with ample size and ingredients, it probably shoots up to the very top of my (albeit short) sushi totem pole. I know many of you are sick of chomping into a piece of sushi, and almost feel like you are biting into air. Well, that definitely won't be a problem here! Furthermore, the variety of different rolls to choose from is quite staggering! From all the standards to various types of seafood and exotic fruits, it's all covered. If I were to delve any deeper, I'm afraid Yelp's server may crash due to excessive bandwidth overload!If you are so inclined to go for the tried and true bento, Shogun has you taken care of. The teriyaki chicken, sashimi, tenpura, and especially the gyoza are all superb. The gyoza is fried with the perfect level of crunchiness, and the skin is neither too hard, nor too supple.As many of you may know, I am a stickler when it comes to Japanese restaurants being owned by the real deal. To be honest, I can't be 100% sure whether Shogun is operated by Japanese or Korean. The waitress (who appears to be the wife of the chef) is young, and fluent in English, so I am unable to pick up from her accent where she is from. She also speaks to me clearly in basic Japanese phrases. However, there are three things that make me lean more towards them being Korean: 1.) No kana or kanji on the menu; 2.) Korean slowjams softly playing in the kitchen; 3.) Alongside the selection of sake is a sampling of soju.Maybe I and many others have been a bit too harsh on Korean owned Japanese restaurants in the past. The couple here is more than competent at what they do, and provides nothing but the finest in service and hospitality. Above all, they do not appear to be in it for the money to capitalize on the newest "in" thing. I suppose if only most of the others could be more like Shogun, nobody would have anything to complain about.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2007,9/3/2007,204,309,18,12,12>I have a love/hate thingy with Neiman-Marcus. I love their goods. I hate their prices. On the rare occasion I can actually afford something beyond those gloriously soaked liquor holiday cakes, it awaits in my closet for a "special occasion" beyond its own fashion cycle. To use a car analogy, why pay the depreciation unless you're going to drive it?Enter LAST CALL. All those top-shelf items are offered for 50-70% off retail. And, because the stock also comes from stores outside the Bay Area, you get some items that weren't available in San Francisco the first go-round.Kristina and I were escorted by the lovely CC, who pulled a top-secret insider discount and hooked me up with a velvet jacket that makes my wife call me "HOTT!" Kristina even found the "ME" of shirts:images.yelp.com/photo?idYes, it's a silk shirt embroidered with 13 sandwiches and their origins in America. That's SILK shirt, ya hear?! So no hugs from any of you sweaty drunkies, no matter how hungry you are!
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,9/2/2007,478,91,3,14,9>===========================RJR - ISSUE #18 -  Special Edition==========================="Hally," is Filipino/tagalog for "come" and "K Ono," is Hawaiian for "it's delicious."And I must say, HELL YA (K ONO)!!...This place truly lives up to it's name...Within walking distance of San Jose State University, Hally K Ono Cafe is a delightful little restaurant that has been recently relocated from First and Taylor Streets to 312 S. Third Street.  With a warm & welcoming ambiance reminiscent of coming to your own auntie's house - (And I mean that one auntie that will feed you good even when you're not hungry) - this old, Victorian style house has been transformed into a local favorite eatery.   And when blue skies reign over Silicon Valley, I highly recommend taking advantage of dining on the patio where seating is available in front of the restaurant.  Otherwise, enjoy your cali-island culinary experience on the more intimate table settings in the main room, or just hangout at the sun room style alternative seating area where the living room used to be. This cafe offers breakfast, lunch and dinner menus at affordable prices.  And what's most appealing different - You won't find the standard menu selection from a Hawaiian BBQ joint - There is no Kailua Pork with Cabbage, there is no macaroni salad, or no chicken katsu matsubi to be found.   Filipino food?  Nope!  No Chicken Adodo, no sinagang, and no kare-kare.  If that's what you're looking for...then be warned....else where you must go! Because you won't find it here.Instead, Hally K Ono's menu offers a sophisticated fusion of California and Asian influences featuring specialty fresh green salads, sandwiches or wraps, small plates, breakfast plates, and specialty dishes fresh from the grill and barbecue.Most of the dishes appear to be personal recipes, so you can rest assured that they are one of a kind found only in San Jose.  And it's the owner's personal touch of uniqueness to each plate that earned the 5th star in my review.As for the eats, I sampled all three menus and highly recommend the following:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Breakfast Menu- Chilaquiles: ~ Plated with Tortilla Chips, Topped with tasty sauce on Chilaquiles. Served with Potatoes and assorted fruits (mandarin oranges, strawberries, and blueberries).  And comes with two eggs (I like them scrambled) topped with green onions on a side plate. And as bonus for my Saturday breakfast, the owner treated me with grilled Filipino Portuguese Sausage (aka: Longinisa) with my dish.- Corned Beef and Hash ~ Plates with large strips of Corned Beef (similar to the Irish Corned Beef ; and not...I repeat corned beef in a can!) over cubed potatoes with assorted fruits (mandarin oranges, strawberries, and blueberries).   And comes with two eggs (any style) and two English muffins.Lunch Menu- Chipotle Burger ~ Plated with Sweet Potato Fries, and assorted fruits (mandarin oranges and strawberries). (NOTE: I was given a choice of either Sweet potato fries or garlic fries when my order was taken)Dinner Menu- Spicy Baked Tilapia ~ Plated with a Sweet Potato Fries, flavored yellow rice, assorted fruits (mango and grapes).  Included is a fresh green salad on the side as an appetizer. (My favorite dish so far)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*SPECIAL BONUS FEATURES*- Every Friday: There is different BBQ or Grilled Special Plate- From time to time, they will feature a Sea Bass special. (Rare but I heard its treat when they have it)- On Sunday's Only - Some breakfast plates can feature on the side grilled Filipino Portuguese Sausage (aka: Longinisa)- The cafe has free Internet access available for its customers.- Each plate come with fresh fruit - and lord knows I need more fruit in my diet! =p*TAKE NOTE*- Hally K Ono's menus changes seasonally. - Parking is on the street with meters- If you come during the day (Mon-Sat) bring coins to feed the meters!- They are closed on MONDAYS.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2007,8/31/2007,218,378,6,10,8>ever since i start being a "seat cover" on the beau's motorcycle, this is the place where i buy my riding gears habitually and where i bought my first ever riding outfit from head to toe!!!i flip over everytime i'm here, especially when a big sale is going on.such great quality brand of jackets, gloves, helmets, shoes, eye wear and also some maintenance products ,accessories, tires, exhaust pipes & stickers can always be acquired here at all times.this place is also dependable when it comes to carrying the latest & coolest style jackets, either in leather or textile.i repeatedly shop here like a maniac and usually end up spending "too much money" on such brand names like dainese, alpine stars & arai.moreover, they also have awesome selections of motocross gears.service is always helpful...so far.....
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,8/30/2007,20,233,2,6,5>Surprisingly excellent Samosa's here! ...and they're served with a tasty hot/sweet sauce.  This place has a fusion menu with tastes from many regions of the globe, but it's not run of the mill mucked up, non tasty americanized slow food such as you find at neighboring elephant bar or chili's down the creek.  I ate a wonderfully unique "vietnamese pork panini" which was composed of tender, lean, flavorful pork, served on a baguette with watercress, sliced carrots and some other good stuff shown in the photo.  Fries are great, very fresh.  My lunch friends ordered the pad thai and agreed with the other reviewers here that it was unfortunately quite bland.  The waiter brought some hot chili sauce which I think spiced it up to be something tolerable at least.  Since they've only been open 2 weeks, hopefully they can improve upon this dish.They also have a nice small wine list and cool drink menu with lots of fun trendy creations that all look tasty.  I'm a teetotaler at lunchtime though so haven't tried them.  The ambiance of the glass encased wine storage room next to the bar and the open wok kitchen makes this place shine though.I'm not sure why this place as a restaurant names themselves a "market place" but watch out for the big merlion sculptures... en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MeMerlion is a classy place, a welcome addition to Cupertino.  Alexanders is still THE place to dine in Cupertino, but Merlion is wonderfully above average place for a great meal and a nice drink for not so much money when compared to other upper middle class restaurants on the peninsula.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2007,8/28/2007,412,187,13,10,10>"Going commando" has a whole new meaning here. This place is ridiculous. I recently came to get stocked up for my trip to Africa, and I was blown away. They have a huge selection of hiking/military/police force boots, camping gear, out door and work clothes, hats and everything else you need come apocalypse. I wasn't in there 10 minutes and almost EVERY employee in the store asked me if I needed something. One of them was a native Ethiopian and he helped me more than those goddamn Lonely Planet books. As I was browsing, he came up to me with an Colombia water proof jacket in my size.... ON SALE just because he "thought I could use it". Perfect fit, all weather Columbia jacket originally $120 for $30.Are you shitting me??They also had a lot of army issue (BDU's, flashlights etc), tactical  and enforcement gear if you ever want to "take the law into your own hands"... I'm sorry, I've always found guerrillas very hot. So all in all:-All terrain boots on sale $90 to $62- Jacket $120 to $30- Army issue flashlight $11- Water proof travel bags $4- Fire starters $6- Fanny Pack (shut up assholes, it's useful and really cool) $5- I'm going to Africa bitches.... pricelessOh... and while checking out, I saw the most Rambo-esue man buying a "present" for his brother... a Mortal Combat style crescent hand knife. I know what I want for my birthday!!
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/20/2007,8/27/2007,351,1069,3,6,6>The go karts alone are worth the trip.  I had a blast, even though our stay didn't last long before closing.  I was eyeing their height requirements and knew I was just shy of the 60" mark required to be a driver.  Had they noticed, I would've had to get an ADULT to accompany me.  I barely reached the pedals, but a padded back booster did the trick.There are good deals to be had during the week (Mon-Thurs), the best time to go to avoid mass crowding, anyway.  As cheesy as Golf N' Stuff from Karate Kid may have looked, these family fun type amusement centers can turn out to be good, leisurely fun for kids and grownups, alike...Minus two stars for having to deal with tempermental teenage staff, a few inoperable attractions (e.g., batting cages), and awful food.  Three stars for them not enforcing their rules.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2007,8/26/2007,0,0,6,6,8>I absolutely despise suburban malls like this Hillsdale Mall.  They are so ugly and sad, and are popping up in every suburb town in this country like a gigantic eyesore disease.  Places like Mission Valley in San Diego are exactly how I picture "hell" - the whole town filled with malls and cookie cutter houses and condos.  Hillsdale Mall is one of the ugliest one equipped with Marvin's, Old Navy across the street, tired-looking Macy's, and all the same stores... and a whole bunch of fat, sloppy looking shoppers who have nothing better to do on a beautiful summer day than to roam around in a depressing mall... you know the drill.The Lego Store is located in the midst of this eyesore mall and that is too bad because it really is a cool store.  Everything LEGO and since my 23-month-old is now seriously interested in stacking up those colorful blocks, we visited this store to explore the possibility.  He scored a huge container full of toddler-sized Duplo blocks and I enjoyed all those amazing '"structures" and "statutes" made by Lego blocks that are nicely displayed throughout.  One less star for the location.  SoFi O. walking into a suburb mall is unheard of.  I now do so many unthinkable things only for the love of my son...
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2007,8/25/2007,111,262,5,5,5>I need new socks.  Yup, that's it.  Not new $hoes, not new clothes, not new time-keeping watch thingiemabob.  The fine folks at The Running Revolution gave me a few choices, patiently explaining the differences between each type and providing a few recommendations based upon my budget and goals.  They offered to evaluate my current pair of shoes, but alas, I didn't have them with me today.  In they end, I bought a pair of socks and didn't have any problems with "upsell" on other items in the store.Like I said, I just needed socks.  oOoo and Gu.  Woohoo!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2007,8/24/2007,201,444,8,11,10>I'm leaving for Mexico in a week and a half. I started thinking, "I suppose I'll need to wear a bathing suit soon..." which led me to think, "I guess I'm going to need to go in for a bikini wax..." which then led me to Yelp.It seems that we have a little jewel in Fremont! I booked an appointment with Jane, and she is just as sweet and professional as everyone has said that she is! Also, the waxing didn't hurt as much as I'm used to. You're talking to someone who used to work in a beauty salon where I got my waxing done for free, and I've been getting them done for, oh, 20 years. Yes, I'm THAT old, mofo. Anyway, Jane made the experience pleasant, and easy. Also, they have these little paper thongs, which I've NEVER seen before, and the greatest part is that you don't get any wax on your panties! Nice!The other cool thing is that she gave me a very nice brow wax as well, and I didn't break out! Usually I'll break out in these little tiny bumps, but that didn't happen!!! She felt bad letting me leave with a very red face, so she put some aloe vera gel on me, as well as sunscreen, and the gentle movements of her fingers around my eyes relaxed me to the point of wishing I was staying for a facial... needless to say, I'm scheduled for a facial next week.:-)Oh yeah, and the cost was half of what I was paying before.Hooray for Jane!
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2007,8/23/2007,202,399,4,10,7>This is the sort of place that your family visiting from the midwest...or some place other than San Francisco would love. It's by the ocean, they offer gobs of different seafood, battered & deepfried--or prepared otherwise--but just don't expect nice grill marks on that Salmon, because they either sautee or broil pretty much everything that is not deep fried. Except their wonderful sourdough bread. And your salad. And the clam chowder. No, those are not deep fried, but they aren't bad sans the batter & oil. ;)The sea scallops were moist, flavorful & tender & so were the large shrimp. Not overcooked or rubbery at all. The decor is cramped little sea-side shack with little fish and fish themed kitsch from all over the world--very casual. Great for after a day at the beach or out hiking in the hills. Just don't forget to bring cash, because they don't take credit cards. And aw heck--even if you're from SF you'll like it. Just go next time you're in Princeton-by-the-Sea.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,10/2/2010,878,405,19,22,16>A mazingM arvelousO utstandingK ooool  Yes...I'm a huge fan of the AMOK - Catfish or chicken with Kroeung and coconut milk wrapped in banana leaves and steamed. This dish has always been one of my "last meals on earth"....with rice of course!  I'm also a fan of their beef salad with noticeable lime and mint flavors, the chicken lemongrass soup, pork shish kabob, and all of their curries with coconut milk and spices.  It's difficult for me to dine at this location as much as I'd like to, since they're only open during lunch on weekdays (I usually take late lunches).  But when I have eaten at this hole-in-the-wall before 2 pm, I always have a good time.  Service is fun friendly and quick.   On my clothing or in my burp, the strong aromas from the kitchen stay with me all day!
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,10/1/2010,1260,803,31,24,26>Filipino mothers often ask me..... " What part of the Philippines is your family from? "Me:  " We're from the Northern Region of the Philippines - Ilocos Sur to be exact! "Them: " WOW!   Do you eat Pinakbet? "Me:  " Yes, I do.. l eat lots of it.   As a matter of fact... I can cook it myself! "Them:   " You know I have a girl I would like to introduce you to.... She's single and really nice!  She's from the Philippines! "Me:   ...  My parents have been growing Asian and Filipino vegetables for nearly 35 years.   Each summer and late fall, their backyard is filled with organic and rich produce that can put Ranch 99 and Seafood City to shame.   I love home cooked meals especially when it is from our own backyard.    During the winter and early spring season, we had to resort to the Asian or Filipino markets to get our produce.     The market selection isn't as grand nor appealing.     Sometimes they overprice their vegetables and often find ourselves with the bottom of box selections (the beat up ones).      To overcome the market disappointments, we've visited the Berryessa Famers market for years.     Since we live in a predominantly Asian and Filipino community, the vegetables are vast with competitive prices.   Most of the vegetables are from local growers and meet our strict standards.    I've learned to get here early for the fresh selection and come back later for bargaining the leftovers.      I recently had a chance to visit the Berryessa Farmers market.    Yes, I was making Pinaket* for a date night and again left happy with my fresh selection.   See pictures (sorry the pictures are slanted...Yelp has problems loading pictures correctly).    If you get chance to shop here, keep in mind to arrive early at 8:30am and bring your reusable bags.    The farmers market isn't as big as the other cities.   Again, this is a local market with a good number of sellers.     They accept cash only and parking is plentiful because its located in the Berryessa Union School District center parking lot.      One of my other favorite vendors:  Gold Rush Kettle Corn.   Awesome and delicious healthy popcorn snack -  Perfect to sneak into the movie theaters!Website:  pcfma.com/market_home.ph*What is Pinakbet?  (From Wikepedia):Pinakbet or pakbet is a popular Ilocano dish, from the northern regions of the Philippines.  The basic vegetables used in this dish include native bitter melon, eggplant, tomato, ginger, okra, string beans, lima beans, chili peppers , parda and winged beans. A Tagalog version usually includes calabaza. Most of these vegetables are easily accessible, and are grown in backyards and gardens of most Ilocano households. As its name suggests, it is usually cooked until almost dry and shriveled and the flavors of the vegetables are emphasized and accentuated by bagoong (shrimp paste).  It is considered a very healthy dish, and convenient in relation to the harsh and rugged, yet fruitful Northern and Ilocos regions of the Philippines.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,9/30/2010,294,926,7,9,8>Excellent quality of food: both for sushi and combo plates. One of my new favorites. Cost to worth it rating: 3.5 (fancy rolls from ~$8-12) Return worthiness: yes Highlights: - Sushi rolls: love the graphical menu including some typical ones as well as ones utilizing creative license (baked in cheese, looking like a flower, etc.) - Dragon roll: I'm a always a fan of these and love anything involving unagi, tempura, and avocado. The one here is exceptional with the shrimp cooked perfectly tender and warm and the unagi soft. - Tuna lovers: tuna is my sashimi of choice and this had 3 kinds in maguro, white tuna, and something called super white tuna. Melt in your mouth fresh fish devoid of any fishiness. - Caterpillar roll: not stingy on the avocado and unagi inside. Good deal at a lesser price point but for the full unagi punch I'd pay the extra for some of the others. - Tonkatzu: tender inside and crispy outside. It's difficult to excel at this pork dish and they succeeded here. :-) - Tempura: crispy and plentiful selection including eggplant - Seaweed salad: standard but a bit more fresh than at the average place and a bit heartier of a serving in a large bowl. - Waitress: demurely friendly - Hours: open all day so you can come at whatever time works best for you. Also open Sundays and Mondays which some Japanese places aren't. Lowlights: - It's too far away for me to be a regular, but my parents are on their way - Mayo California rolls: this is fairly common, but I prefer mine without mayo Excited for this yelp find and I'll be back! :-)
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,9/29/2010,490,412,16,23,19>When you pick up the phone and call tech support, do you get that soothing feeling when a non robotic person with a familiar accent is on the other end? Someone who truly understands what you need, and isn't tied to a script? There are even some drive thru windows at fast food joints where the person on the other end is thousands of miles away and types your order on a screen for the burger flipper, who is on the other side of the wall from you. Oh the joys of outsourcing. It has also come to the restaurant industry. Before my trip to Izakaya, I really don't remember the last time I heard Japanese spoken at a Japanese restaurant. All I heard was Korean, Chinese, or Spanish. Not degrading any of those races, but it would be nice to get the true Japanese experience while chomping down on your negihama, toro, or bento box. Being surrounded by Japanese businessmen (complete with their dark suits), eating in tight quarters, and hearing Japanese around me gave this five stars for the atmosphere. The terribly slow service was a three, and food was a four. I'll have to try the sushi on my next visit. Good to find an authentic Japanese restaurant that truly lives up to the authentic portion.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,9/28/2010,879,323,16,24,22>En has slowly risen as one of my favorite izakaya restaurants.  My top two are now En and the Tanto on Saratoga.  I have been here 3 or 4 times now, and I still want to come back and try more of their menu!En is more traditional and less Fusion than Gochi, but not as traditional as Tanto used to be (before they changed their menu and El Camino location).  Their dishes have a little modern flair to them, but not too much as that it can still be considered "traditional" and not "fusion."  My favorite dishes here are the Gyutan (beef tongue) Mizuna Salad and the Pen Clam Sauteed in Butter.  Their croquettes are also delicious, but I just have a weak spot for croquettes!  The grilled beef tongue and the sashimi are a pass though, so don't waste your time.  I think what gives En an extra star on top of their food is the atmosphere.  It is quiet and nice, but still comfortable.  It isn't the loud drinking atmosphere like some izakaya restaurants are, and it is not as pretentious as other fancy izakaya places.  I find myself wanting to return here and take people here, which hasn't really happened for many other izakaya places.  Note: Closed on Sundays. :(
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,9/27/2010,352,471,7,12,11>Friday Happy Hour reviewProgressive Happy hour (only on Friday) that starts at 4pm with wells at $1, going up a $1 every hour until happy hour ends (7pm).  They also have select cocktails starting at $5, going up $1 every hour.The bartenders are friendly, approachable, and easy on the eyesThe wells: bloody mary - oh soooo gooodmargarita - sweet classicSpecialties:Grape: real grape is muddled and mixed  - very good, even for someone that doesn't like grape (soda).Strawberry Limeade - very goodOne of the things they have here is a appetizer bar.  Wings, 1/2 dogs, cheese, some greens, and chips + salsa.The patrons here are easy going and laid back, and mixed ages.2 weeks straight and counting, I think this will be my Friday go to spot!  Go early as the bar and sofa area is filled fast.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,9/26/2010,481,1032,18,17,12>You can take the girl outta Missouri but, you can't take the Missouri outta the girl.  That's what a good friend of mine told me a week or so ago and that's... what I was saying to myself yesterday as I was browsing the chicks, ducklings, hay bales, feed, tack, bunnies, peacocks, etc. at Farmers Feed and Supply (or Farmers Pet &Feed as the store front says).  Nice facility, made me feel like I was back home. This place is pretty cool though a lil outta the way.  I like it so, imo, it's worth driving almost to Gilroy for.  We even took Old Monterrey Road most of the way for a lazy Sunday ride.  We went in search of live baby chickens to put in our back yard (the neighbors can thank us later) and left with 3 chicks, a duckling, a dog toy and chick starter feed... oh, and a waterer.  The selection was great, grounds were clean enough and the fun factor was pretty high!  Only problem was... they seriously need more than 1 person working there on a Sunday afternoon.  We walked around for about 20 minutes and nobody came to see if we needed help or even said 'hi' to us.  No worries though, a friendly regular customer helped us bag some chicks, showed us what to look for when picking healthy chicks and, pointed out the guy who ended up ringing us up.  Nice lady... she should work there too.  All-in-all, I'm happy with my chicks and duckling and they've made it through almost 2 days so keep your fingers crossed.  We named them Coffee, Biskit, Bacon and Butter.  Nomnom.  We aren't going to eat them though, only their eggs. :)  Well... WE aren't going to eat them but my doggie, Bella licks her lips every time she gets near em.  Bad Girl.See ya there!
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,9/25/2010,2053,795,9,10,8>We have eaten here twice now and I honestly have NO complaints whatsoever about this sushi place.The All-You-Can-Eat sushi lunch special is to DIE for if you're a fellow mcfatty like Brad C. and I. Only $15 a person, and you order off their all you can eat menu. We've had so many different rolls I honestly can't list them all out. But one of our faves is the Godzilla roll, perfect amount of spice right thurrrrr. We've also had the salmon, tuna and scallops. VERY fresh. The service here is also top notch. Once you're seated, the waiter/waitress immediately asks you what you want to drink and if you want to start with a salad and miso soup. They bring out drinks and soup and salad within the next 2 minutes. Right after we mark down what we want to start with on our menu, takes them no longer than 10 minutes to bring our food out. And they refill your drinks and your wasabi/ginger upon request right away. Can you say magically A-M-A-Z-I-N-G? Tons of seating here, bathroom is one stall but kept very clean. They also have a STAMP card for their All-You-Can-Eat grubbers. 10 visits for lunch or dinner and you get the 11th free! AND of course they have a basket of fun lollipops for you to enjoy on your way out. Yay!
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,9/24/2010,615,556,11,18,15>At first, I thought there was such a thing as having too many frozen yogurt spots. It seems a new one opens up every month or so. But then I tried Toppings.Upon walking in, we were greeted by a friendly guy who worked there. He asked if we had been to Toppings before and when we said no, he walked us through the setup and said he'd be happy to give us free samples if we wanted. This is definitely some of the friendliest service I've experienced at a froyo spot.I ended up getting some plain tart and raspberry tart. The name is to be taken literally - I've never seen more toppings - and they have four flavors of mochi! I piled on some regular and blueberry mochi, along with some fresh strawberries. The raspberry tart is definitely a win! I can't wait to go back to try more Toppings!*Mention Yelp during the month of November for a discount!
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,9/23/2010,1071,862,14,21,18>My date introduced me to this place, and I was impressed. This place is amazing! I had trouble deciding what to order because everything on the menu sounded great. I decided on the soup/salad/half sandwich combo so I could try a few different items.The tortilla soup was tasty, and went well with the cilantro lime dressing on my salad. My turkey/bacon/gouda sandwich was excellent! This was the first time that I had ever eaten bacon and turkey substitutes. I was skeptical at first, but fell in love after the first bite. Everything I tried was fresh and delicious! I highly recommend this place to vegetarians and carnivores alike.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,2/16/2009,290,302,37,36,40>I'm long overdue for an update to my favourite sandwich place in Los Gatos.First off, a big thanks to the manager for actually reading my review and complimenting on it. That was a really nice gesture and it makes this whole yelpy thing seem worthwhile after all.Second, lets move on to the LG Gourmet Cheese Melt... I get it now, I get it now.Imagine you're standing outside a cheese factory in Wisconsin...Theres an almighty explosion and hot cheese is flying towards you at 100mph...The only way to defend yourself from this approaching cheesy debris is by using two big fat warm toasted bread slices as cover...Thats right. Its cheese overkill. Multiplied by a million - Gorgeous.Thirdly, I cant forget to mention the delicious Prosciutto De Parma with that awesome aioli smothered ciabatta and the totally over the top McKinney-licious stomach burster. The hot brie, salami and turkey combo rocks!Finally, a big thanks to all the staff who make coming here such a pleasurable experience. Especially the one who gives out the free grapes. Lush!
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,2/15/2009,266,222,28,20,24>For six years I sat on the side lines with frozen peas on my head, bandages on my knees, black eyes - self inflicted...don't ask -  cuts, bruises, ripped and bloody hands...oh the life of a gymnast.I think I miss it.When I walked into the trampoline "arena" all those memories in the gym came rushing back to me. Everything from the sound of the mats hitting the trampoline to the smell of rank feet, brought back everything I loved - and hated - about gymnastics.At first, I kinda held back a little. A few hops here. A few hops there. Seat drop here. Seat drop there. Everyone else in my group of twelve was going buck-ass-wild like they weren't 25 year old engineers, psychologists, mathematicians...My somewhat modest niece went from the calm, disciplined little girl she usually is to the damn Tazmanian devil - running up the walls, hair flying everywhere, sweaty, smelly, laughing, glazed over crazy eyes, and screaming the entire time. After listening to the laughs and seeing how much fun everyone was having, I had a F*ck it moment: I told myself, "Kristi...you came here to see what you can still do...so lets see what you can still do!" Apparently, its not much. All those years of training: Gone. A few sloppy back hand springs, some successful front flips, and handstands are all I got left. But you know what that means? I officially have the right to be sloppy! GOOD*BYE technique its time to have some unstructured, undisciplined, un-"keep your legs straight before I break them" FUN! An hour was plenty. 20 minutes was plenty. But who am I kidding, I could have spent half a day here and left wanting just a little bit more time...On my way home - about 50 minutes back to the city - I thought to myself, maybe it's not too late to get back into the gym again. Maybe I could enroll in a few adult gymnastics classes and pick up where I left off. Maybe the passion I have for the sport hasn't dissipated yet...And then I woke up the next morning stiff as a mummy and unable to move due to my excessively sore muscles. Nope, sorry Kristi. Your days are O-V-E-R, OVER.As I Ooh...Ahh...Eee....ahhh...Ooo'd down the stairs from my flat I couldn't help but crack a smile.It was totally worth it. Now where the f*ck is the Bengay?[ I should note that one of the employees was a complete crab. Yelling at everyone, being incredibly rude, and super irritable. He was manning the foam pit like a total jerk! I forgot to complain to the manager due to excessive exhaustion but had I not been fighting the urge to tip over and die, I would have! ]
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2009,2/14/2009,304,350,22,20,21>warning: this review does not contain the word "sammy" "sammich" or the inane "nom nom nom".willow glen meats is the sister store to los gatos meats and smokehouse which basically means they aren't quite as well stocked as the L.G. location, but they do alright.  i have also come twice and they were closed during regular operating hours.  i think the weird location keeps people from even knowing they're here in the W.G.- which is kind of nice in a way, you pretty much have to be a serious meat eater to even know about it and have enough tenacity to make a few wrong turns and still end up in the right place.  because of that i always thought i'd meet my future husband here, we'd bump heads reaching for the last cut cut of osso buco, laugh and smile at each other and then he'd invite me over for a home cooked dinner at his place.  a year later we'd be married and give out willow glen meats beef jerky as favors at our wedding...well, i can honestly say the only men i've ever seen in here are over sixty so lets just say that little fantasy never came true.  but, old dudes know how to barbecue and just by asking questions and listening i have been privy to many a trade secret which have really helped me hone my skills over the years, even if i didn't get a husband out of the deal.  well at least one that knew about a "secret top notch san jose butcher" anyway.  everything here is fresh and never frozen, unless you are looking for the more unique game meats, like buffalo and venison which are.  this place is so hardcore you can often see fat fresh piggies hanging from hooks and the floors being hosed down just beyond the cash register, not for the faint of heart but totally awesome in my book.they have the MOST delicious bacon, excellent duck, the best hotdogs i have ever eaten and incredible sandwiches.  if you are not a giant or rocking a wicked case of the munchies a half size is plenty of food.  the "rollie" is my favorite as they put an obscene amount of mayonnaise on a soft, trashy white bread roll and then load it up with tender and sloppy barbecued tri-tip.  oh my god...i have not found a better butcher in the entire bay area then the los gatos/ willow glen meats and smokehouse family.  whatever part of the bay you live in, it is worth the trip so bring a cooler and stock up and then come home and thank me.  it is super bowl weekend after all, score some points with homemade bacon dogs!!
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2008,2/13/2009,1596,841,30,27,29>I would never eat here during the day, but I've had some great times here in the middle of the night. In an area where your late night options are McDonalds, Jack in the Box, and Denny's, any deviation from the deep fried consumerism is greatly welcome.Cardinals is open 24 hours and located in the middle of San Jose. I spent many a night getting lost with friends trying to find this place. It's kind of like a process. You bond while you're trying to find the place and when you get there, you're very happy that you're here and you can slide into the sparkley red vinyl booths and peruse their menu.Their menu is very similar to Denny's with a cross of Mini Gourmet flair. The interior is much nicer than the afformentioned and the prices are a bit higher in comparison. They offer a lot of Greek dishes here and I've gotten to sample a bunch of random things that I have no idea what they are. There's also the traditional breakfast food like pancakes, hash browns, eggs, etc. I like it better than Denny's and Mini Gourmet, it seems to be made better and it's fresh. They also have lunch and dinner options too. Service isn't too bad for the time of night it is, and there isn't as much shady ghetto stuff going on. Most of the people who hang out here are generally chill. I've spent a few hours hackey sacking it with random people outside of their front door. It was kind of cool to watch and experience as a few guys had a hackey sack and would invite people to join their circle, so as people entered and exited, they would hang out here and play a few rounds and then go on with their lives.Also the SJPD hang out here a lot too, so the fear of getting randomly jumped and shanked lessens as you watch the police wander in a group in their never-ending quest for food. Yes, I do a lot of random things.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,2/12/2009,854,542,28,29,29>I stopped in to this location not long ago, hoping to pick up a few treasures to treat the parentals and grammy to a taste of decadence.  It was later into the evening, so I wasn't sure what they might still have in stock, but luckily there were a few confections and whatnot left to bring home a small bounty of saccharine, satiny goodness...Dad - who was a cook at the Hyatt in Carmel, CA when I was young, and to this day talks about cooking for and eating with Clint Eastwood on a regular basis - took a fork to every baked bauble I brought home, critiquing but lauding it all...Mom - who, because of a conservative nature and a demanding work schedule, rarely gets the opportunity to indulge or venture into such things - was wow'd by the luxury and was thrilled when I told her there was one near her hospital.And Gramma.  Taking just the the slightest slivers and tastes from everything offered coo'd, "Thank you for the medicine, anak* (child)".Chestnut Mont Blanc - $3.95Kouign-Amann - $2.50Mango Coconut Mousse - $3.95New York, NY Cheesecake - $3.95Satura Shortcake - $3.95Pistachio Bavorois - $4.00+ a few more odds and ends...Total: more than worth every sweet-toothed ooh and ahh...____________________________________________"Thank you for the medicine, anak* (child)"...... yeah, worth every dime.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2009,2/11/2009,222,319,13,20,16>Hungry for BBQ, I decided it was time to see what all the fuss is about and headed over to Texas Smokehouse. What I got was underwhelming and only so-so BBQ. Yes there is very limited parking. In fact only 2 spaces are allocated for the place. I just parked at the El Pollo Rico behind the place and walked over there.I ordered the #7 (pork ribs and tri-tip) and took it home. Opening up the styrofoam box, I saw there was a lot of food offered. 3 huge pork ribs placed over a mound of cut up tri-tip pieces. My chosen side dishes of macaroni salad and baked beans were located in their upper compartments. The macaroni salad was tasty and not overly coated with mayonnaise. The baked beans are sweet and nothing special. I read somewhere here that they come out of a can. Quite possibly true.I have no idea what people are talking about when they say the pork ribs are tender and fall off the bone. They were quite the opposite. My jaw muscles were sore from gnawing on the ribs trying to get the meat off the ribs. I thought they might have made a mistake and given me beef ribs instead. But no, they were in fact pork ribs, just not BBQ'd properly. The tri-tip was great though. The pieces were much more tender that the ribs were. And they were drenched in the BBQ sauce. It's a good sauce that starts out being sweet and then the spice hits you at the end. I gladly soaked it up with my 2 pieces of white bread.Paying ~$15 for this meal, I felt a bit jipped from the consistency of the ribs. But I'll probably be back to try more of the tri-tip and something else besides the pork ribs.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2008,2/10/2009,388,717,28,27,27>Still kinda on a dumpling kick and been craving for Shanghai Rice Cake.  Yeah to Yelp! For helping me find this place.  After reading the reviews I had to try it out. I decided to go today,  it was a short drive from work but the parking lot was pretty full when I got there.  Some guy was trying to take my parking space that I was waiting for and I had my blinker on for it too.  He started to pull in and I honk and pretty much told him Hell No!  Sorry! Today I was not having it! To deal with rude Chinese people.  Knowing how life goes, he was going to the same restaurant and we sat next to him too.   Anyways we had to wait for our table and the place is very small.  They had extra rooms but I was wondering why didn't they use them.  We place our order while waiting for the table and then got seated, the food just came right out after.  I order the Shanghai Rice Cake and after reading all the reviews we had to ordered the Pan Fried Pork Buns.  The Shanghai Rice Cake was on the oily side and sauce side, therefore made the rice cake soft and not chewy as how I like it.  The Pan Fried Pork Buns was good!  They had good flavor and texture.  Overall lunch was good and will be back to try other items on the menu and those Pan Fried Pork Buns.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2009,2/9/2009,149,321,12,18,14>On my way to Kitsho, a mapping error brought us to Sushi Kuni. These errors seem to work in my favor however; and while I still look forward to trying Kitsho sometime, this place was amazing.Small but not that crowded today; we were lucky to get seated right away on a holiday when a lot of other places weren't even open. We were immediately served green tea as soon as we sat down. Nice touch. We each ordered the nigiri sushi lunch which included Miso soup and came with 6 very quality nigiris (ebi, sake, maguro, shiro maguro, hamachi and unagi) and 4 large pieces of spicy tuna roll. The Miso was very nice; hearty broth, lots of scallions and tofu and no wonton spoon, thank goodness. What is up with that lately at most places? I haven't a clue!So, how was the sushi here? Absolutely wonderful! The ebi was large and sweet, maguro just the right temperature. The shiro maguro was really nice, hamachi was umm, ummmm, so good. Really nice piece of unagi that was warm and silky with a great tasting sauce. That went down easy! My usual favorite, the sake, was not the standout this time but that's ok. Spicy tuna rolls were a very refreshing change from the usual California roll that often comes with this type of lunch. Bonus points here!Written in my travelogue: Very fresh fish at one of the better "Japanese" sushi joints in the valley. Go early as there can be a line outside the door at lunch time. I can't wait to go back to this one!
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,2/7/2009,279,310,17,21,21>SO as of late I have become entranced by vintage clothing, hairstyles, shoes and everything else...you name it I want it.Anyways, I needed a shirt to top off a pencil skirt I had picked up earlier and wanted to really check this place out. I LOVE THIS STORE!!!! the set up is casual and you can rummage around for quite a long time always wanting more then you already have in your hands...luckily I practiced self control. I found an awesome red satin corset top and gold clutch that I absolutely adore and I spent under 70 bucks for the two items. I would have easily spent that on the clutch alone at macy's and I would have walked away with something much less unique.I really want to go back as soon as possible...I adore this store and the owner is so nice.For daily vintage wear and costumes come here!!!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,2/6/2009,477,595,15,19,19>I came here for my friend's birthday party.  We started off with some tapas.. Tried the sliders, carne asada fries, chicken drumettes and for dessert we ordered the bananas foster and cinnamon crispas.  Everything was really tasty and perfect for sharing.  Unfortunately, it just wasn't enough food..I loved the house music that was being spun the first few hours.. As the night wore on, they started to play Top 40s Hip Hop for everyone who was getting crunk as a skunk!  The venue itself is nice.  I have partied here before but when it was something else.  There are 2 dance floors and a big outdoor patio area with bar.  Fortunately, we didn't have to even go there because we got bottle service.  The first bottle was $100 and the second and third was $150.  We also got a free bottle of champagne because it was my friend's birthday!  I had so much fun here but maybe it was just the Grey Goose.  I also got to try a Pear Mojito which was amazing!  One of the better places to party if you go to Downtown San Jose.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2007,12/13/2007,674,373,11,13,13>I loooooooooove Lucy's Tamales!!! I bought 3 dozens of 'em (chicken and pork) today.  It was a life saver too!!!  Why???  I picked these goodies up on my way home but I got stuck on a bad traffic jam and I didnt have anything to eat the whole day except  a little slice of Peet's ginger bread and a small coffee.  My stomach was growling and I started feeling dizzy while I was driving....I can smell those tamales but it was at the back of my SUV...damn, I gotta have some !!!  Well, thank goodness the traffic jam  was soo bad (0-10 mph) that I was able to get a piece of that tamale and a bottled water.  The tamale was sooooooo gooood (it was still hot)...Lucy doesn't skimp on the meat and the masa they use is top quality.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,12/12/2007,315,242,15,12,14>I am NOT an electronics geek, not by any stretch of the imagination.  When I'm in an electronics store, I use the opportunity to make phone calls, buy coffee, check out dudes, and text Ari to say, "(insert store name here) is boring."But this Fry's...so nice!  First, the outside looks like Caesar's Palace...and the inside is so nice and spacious.  They have an actual cafe, and omg the best massage chair I have ever had the pleasure to sit in.  I now know how I will blow my first paycheck when I become a big-name hot shot.Minus one star for the staff - no one around to help us find a water dispenser, and when we were sitting in the massage chairs, we felt like we were being suspiciously eyed by an employee who wanted us OUT.  And yeah, I still took the time to call my mom....
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2007,12/11/2007,35,283,8,10,10>They didn't have the liquid Melatonin my Stanford Sleep Doctor asked me to take for something that is none of your or Elephant Pharmacy's business. They did however, have a very pushy salesperson who proceeded to tell me "It should be over here, but you shouldn't take Melatonin regularly. Oh, we don't have liquid, only pill form, but you shouldn't take it all the time. Your body produces it naturally, it's not good to take extra." I am a bit jaded medicine and stuff that can help me get from here to there or there to here or where you are. I don't think random people should tell me what I should or shouldn't do with Melatonin. I have lived with my health and sleeping issues for as long as I've been sleeping. She doesn't know if I'm taking it for a long time or what I'm even taking it for. I just asked for her help locating this stuff in your store, not for her advice or opinion.Thank you very much. Am I a bit hormonal or pi-em-essie at the moment? Yes.I think I should take my Liquid Orange flavored 1/2ml of Melatonin and try to calm down a bit, don't you? Yes.Would I go back for organic or healthy stuff? Definitely.Would I choose them over Whole Foods? Maybe. Depends on where I am exactly. If they are closer, yes. If not, no. Do I wish they were closer to me so I could use their Green Dry Cleaning? Yes.Do I wish I was willing to pay extreme prices for things at their store? Not exactly. I just wish they were cheaper.I'm going to give it 3.6 stars because I do love this Elephant Pharmacy even though they are expensive and not close by to me. They are helpful and green. Pushy on their products being good for you. Not that that's a good selling point. It just depends on what you like and whether you're trying to be more green in your kitchen or cabinets. I like their little yoga section. I love all yoga sections. I crave yoga.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,12/10/2007,238,253,10,9,9>This relationship I have with the sharks is a love/hate relationship.  Never before have I loved a team so much that continually comes up short come play off time.  I still am a rabid fan and love this team to death but I feel like I curse this teams with my love.  Marleau and Thornton are two of the most amazing players, we as fans are so lucky we get to see them play on the same team.  [*If Chris Pronger was crossing in front of my car in a cross walk, as a true fan I would run him over.  (I would naturally give him a choice of joining the Sharks for a reasonable salary for the rest of his career!)]  Also, a personal favorite moment I witnessed in Sharks history is when Scott Parker fought Scott Hartnell of Nashville in 2005-6.  My friend Joe screamed for Hartnell to stop being such a c*nt.  A mother daughter duo seated right infront of us turned and the look of horror on their faces was priceless.  I still laugh at Joe about this.    Going to games at the Shark Tank is a religious experience.  The fans are the best in the NHL.  The arena gets louder than any in the league.  My only complaint is that it is in San Jose, and no direct public transportation access from where I live.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2007,12/9/2007,849,1374,26,14,10>Cheap Kabobs Are Worth Counter Girl Abuse at Santa Clara's Kabob House HalalI had the most surreal experience of all my journeys to Perisan restaurants this week when I decided to try out Kabob Halal House in Santa Clara. As I understand it, the owners are from Iraq, and they serve food from there, Iran, and the Mediterranean. There are about eight tables inside the restaurant, as well as a large deli case filled with baklava (not sure if it's house-made) and various cold appetizers.Their menu doesn't describe any of the dishes, and although I love me some koobideh and barg, I don't know the difference between Mast-O-Khiar and Mast-O-Moosir, let alone my ass from a hole in the ground. We approached the teenage girl wearing a hijab behind the counter. She answered all our questions in perfect English, but very curtly like a bored teenager."What's the Chicken Thai Kabab?""Chicken Thai.""But what is it?""Chicken Thai.""Is it served in a Thai preparation?""No. (she points to her thigh) Chicken Thai."Seriously, I can't help it that the menu spells "thigh" "Thai". I felt like I was in the classic "Who's on First?" sketch.We read in a review on the wall that lunch was offered all day. Koobideh (ground beef kabob) is listed under the lunch menu for $2.99 and the dinner menu for $8.99. "What's the difference between the lunch koobideh and the dinner koobideh?""Nothing.""There's no difference?""They're the same"At this point I was really close to saying, "Really, there's no difference between the dishes and you're charging me $6 more just for the hell of it?" but I restrained myself. Noticing the picture of the dinner koobideh on the counter which came with rice and a tomato, I asked if rice and tomato didn't come with the lunch version. That turned out to be correct.So, deciding that we wanted to order a dinner portion of Boneless Chicken Breast Kabab ($9) and two skewers of Koobideh from the lunch menu we ordered. There was still a glitch."Do you want bread?" (she points to a picture of the really thin lavash I've had at various Middle Eastern restaurants that's never very impressive)."No.""No?""No, we're fine.""Then, how are you going to eat it?!""We'll eat it with some of the rice from the chicken kabob plate."It was weird justifying how we were going to eat our entree. The boyfriend said during our meal that he hoped she looked over while we were eating, because he felt like he had to prove that it could be done.We walked to our table after we ordered and realized we didn't have any drinks. We both said to each other "You do it" because neither of us wanted to have another exhausting conversation with the confrontational girl behind the counter. We discovered they don't serve tap water, so we had to get some drinks in the refrigerator.Our table was covered in plastic, and we noted when we wiped it down with napkins, fairly dirty. We were the only customers at the time, and while we waited for our food, two boys around six or seven played hide and seek in the dining area. They did this a few times during the meal, and often could be heard screeching while they played around the restaurant or running outside and then back inside. It was less charming than it might sound.Speaking of sound, this place had the oddest music playing. Accompanying the gurgles of a small fountain in the dining area was a nature soundtrack featuring the chirping of birds.Our Boneless Chicken Breast Kabob had nicely grilled and juicy meat, but the lemon in the marinade was actually a bit overwhelming. The rice and barbecued tomato were fine but pretty standard.The Koobideh was the better dish. Our two skewers arrived with a small puddle of either oil or meat juices. It was nicely seasoned with a lot of sumac; however, the meat seemed a little overcooked. I've had better Koobideh, but not for $2.50 per skewer. For that price it's a good cheap meal and worth another visit.Also worth another visit? Lunch.They have a buffet then for $7 or $8. There were many dishes we asked about (Gheymeh stews, Koko Sabzi, and Naan-like bread) that seem to only be available then.Katya's Persian Rankings1. Khayyam's - Albany (the master - now closed - against which all Persian restaurants will forever be judged)2. (tie) Shalizaar - San Mateo2. (tie) Pomegranate - Berkeley, Walnut Creek, Concord (great barg and joojeh kabob with zereshk polo; pomegranate chicken is good but sweet taste can be cloying)4. Chelokababi - Sunnyvale5. Rose Market - Mountain View (rated so highly because of the value; need to re-evaluate because I only had a small sample of food)6. Yas - San Jose (really impressive selection of polos - but other food is just OK)7. Afghan Persian Kabob - Sunnyvale8. KABOB HOUSE HALAL - Santa Clara9. Bijan - Fremont (food too oily, and stews either too sweet or too ketchup-y)
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2007,12/8/2007,319,125,7,10,8>It's a sports bar that closes at 9pm. Como? But it's close to work so my coworkers and I usually come here after work a couple nights a week. Great outdoor area. Can get too noisy inside.Bottles of house white wine are $14. Tues and Fridays 1/2 price martinis. Wed 1/2 price margaritas. Thurs specials on pitchers and well drinks.Pretty decent burgers, which are 1/2 off on Wednesdays. Fridays have 1/2 price appetizers (not very good tho).
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2007,12/7/2007,274,290,21,18,20>Cherry Garden is kind of like me. We are both technically Filipino-Chinese, but it's pretty obvious that we probably know Filipino  food better. Cherry Garden's specifically got the art of the Filipino breakfast (silogs) down! The most generous mounds of awesome garlic rice (very good seasoning and flavor), topped with two fried eggs (don't be a wuss, get them over easy or at least over medium...the runny yolk mixed with rice is one of my favorite things ever), with a side of some MEAT! I got to try a bunch of the silog variations(see Arnold G's review for a more comprehensive silog list) - fried chixsilog, tocilog, bangsilog, longsilog (both the spicy and sweet kind). I have to say that my choice of the sweet longsilog was just wonderful. Those pork sausages were so delectably sweet and plump, even better than the Pampanga's Best from the store. The spicy longanisa was also good, with strong garlicky flavor. I also really enjoyed the tocino (marinated, sweet pork), which was sticky and delicious. Be sure to use the vinegar dipping sauce! It really takes it to another level! Let me tell you, the silog here is 10 times better than at Lucky Chances, which means that you don't have to be drunk/sobering up to think that it's amazing.Sooj and I were a little late so we missed out on the chicharon bulaklak and the crispy pata...but I was NOT going to let my twin leave Cherry Garden without having tried the wonder that is deep fried pork leg!  And DAMN it was GOOD! They fried it perfectly well, the skin so crispy and the meat juicy tender. If I could give this place 6 stars, I would because they have TVs set up that are tuned to The Filipino Channel (TFC), which almost always has on some kind of variety show with celebrities singing. These days, the network has started to include the song lyrics on the screen....so you can KARAOKE from home (or in this case...from a restaurant?)!!! You might think that it's really strange to have karaoke at a restaurant, but then you probably don't know too many Filipinos. A lot of us REALLY love karaoke. You better believe that I was singing at my table. Meat. Rice. Deep fried pork. Karaoke. I FREAKIN' LOVE MY PEOPLE!
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,12/6/2007,48,87,17,7,6>Damn you, In-n-Out Burger.  Damn you forYour clean restaurantsYour kind-mannered staffDamn you, In-n-Out Burger, forYour focus on just the basicsYour fresh-cut fried potatoesYour clean uniformsDamn you, In-n-Out Burger, forYour strawberry shakes, pink as puppy tounguesAnd for making me wait until I, too, begin to shake.Damn you, In-n-Out Burger, forNot holding back on just the right amount of greaseAnd for paying your employees something resembling a living wageDamn you, In-n-Out Burger, forMy burgeoning man-boobs, gently jiggling as I ride over your speed bump.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2007,12/5/2007,401,1598,6,17,11>UPDATE:   I had a conversation a couple of months ago with the manager of this store and the soon-to-open Santana Row location.  He was very professional, did not complain about my negative feedback, and several times offered to make my negative experiences up to me.  Nice guy and understood where I was coming from.  He asked me to please give them another chance and said he'd be making changes and giving frank feedback and working with his team.It worked.  Our last visit was night and day better than the last few prior to that.  Servers and managers were all hustling, friendly, welcoming, and attentive.  The angry thuggish dude was nowhere in sight.  The food was prompt, hot, and tasty.  I'm really impressed and bumping them back up to 5 stars for the great concept and food.=======Yikes...5 weeks or so ago I would have given this place 5 stars.  IQ and I have developed a pretty serious crush on their sweet potato fries, and what I think are the best restaurant burgers in the bay area.  More on that in a moment.But the management here needs to fix the borderline hostile service we've started encountering here time after time.  We first started coming in the winter when we found this place while shopping for a camera at nearby Keeble & Shuchat.  We so loved the burgers and sweet potato fries we were coming nearly every couple weeks, and we'll confess to weekly visits during a couple of stretches in the past 6 months.However, on our last three visits, we received very poor service, topped with a thick syrup of hostile attitude.  Hosts, a female manager on duty, the bartenders, and even the runners/bussers were actively nasty to us--it was like encountering hungover college kids working in a dining hall on a Sunday morning.  And we're borderline regulars who never tip less than 20%!  Honestly, IQ and I are nice people!  We don't give attitude when we dine, and we don't expect it back.What is up?  Does this chain's management pay attention to these things?  It was so unpleasant on our last visit we may not go back again, which is a shame.  We love the food--the burger combinations and flavors, the sweet potato fries, the onion rings...it's all high quality and never less than perfectly prepared.Our last visit was about 2:30 on a Sunday; it was very quiet, only 3-4 other tables.  I'm not going to detail all the nastiness we encountered, except to say that the female manager on duty, the hostess, the female bartender, and the male busser/runner need some serious talking to.  And the server on this visit--a women we met on her first day working here and who has waited on us three previous visits--needs to grow up and realize that acting treacly, talk-downy sweet after slamming down menu clipboards and giving us the clench-jaw treatment on her first visit to our table isn't going to cut it.  The overall sour, prima-donna attitudes we're finding here on mulitiple visits, multiple shifts is something that have two regular, good-tipping, enthusiastic lovers of Counter's burgers on the verge of never going back.  It was that bad.  Management?  Are you listening?
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2007,12/4/2007,8,25,6,10,8>Let me start by saying I am no glamor gal nor do I know about the latest trends or beauty secrets of the rich and famous.  But what I can tell you is that every 7-8 weeks I walk out of Krissy's chair looking like a movie star.  It scares me.  You would understand if you met me before I met Krissy.It all started when my trendy and gorgeous sis in-law asked me to try Krissy.  It was more like begged.  Again you would understand if you met me before Krissy. Anyway, I went and not only got a kick ass fabulous cut but my very first highlights.  I was addicted and loved the way I looked.  It seemed everyone else did as well.  My hubby on seeing my hair threw me in his arms and kissed me passionately.  OK not really but he did notice and complemented me which is RARE for him to notice such things.  I love trying out different highlights and all these combinations she suggests- chunking, colors, cuts you name it.  I don't have a clue so its really nice to have her expert advice.  She has even taught me to style my own hair and actually use the right products for what I need to maintain.  What I love the most are the complements I get with my do now a days.  I am not as good as I should with the self maintenance but what a difference pre-Krissy.  I highly recommend her for cutting and coloring!  Thank you Krissy for making my hair look so good and Mila thank you for finally convincing me that a girl cant live wearing a pony-tail for life.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,4/17/2009,275,243,15,14,15>I can proudly say that this is only my second affair with the king of hype himself, Froyo.My friends and I were a bit tipsy (is there ever a time that I am in the South Bay without some sort of inebriation? Nope!), paid no attention at all to the near freezing weather outside, and filled those huge bowls with dairy goodness. Being somewhat lactose intolerant, I cannot eat ice cream. I know, my stomach just cried out in sorrow too...BUT - yogurt is special. Yogurt has live cultures that actually help with digestion! With that being said, I ate hella. With strawberries. And peanuts.and I was freezing but I LOVED it. Mr. Froyo, thank you for embracing me yet again with your pasteurized, culture-y goodness. I'll be sure to let you in my mouth again any day. Wait, what?
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,4/16/2009,1071,862,24,30,26>I can't believe that I have lived in San Jo for nearly my whole life and I have never been to Iguanas until today! It was a bit of a trek, but I walked here on my lunch break because there are not any good Mexican food options near my work. Totally worth it! I noticed that they have a potato flauta on the menu, so of course I had to have one. This is one of the easiest things to cook, yet it is rare that you ever see this item on a taqueria's menu. This menu item is a throwback to my childhood, and because Iguanas is awesome enough to offer it-I am a fan! I also tried the carne asada taco, and picked up a carnitas taco for my honey. I love that you have the option of whole beans, re-fried, or black beans. Another thing I love about their food here is that it is lightly seasoned. Some Mexican places are heavy handed with the seasonings, so it's refreshing when a place lets the freshness of the food shine. Thank you Iguanas- for putting love into your food!P.S. Your orange sauce is the BEST!
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,4/15/2009,849,1374,12,18,14>Madhuban looks like a nondescript strip mall Indian restaurant from the outside, but the inside houses one of the prettiest Indian restaurants around, filled with Indian arts and intricate wooden carvings. Even the serving dishes on the buffet - in fancy serving bowls at different elevations - is literally an aesthetic step above the rest. This is a good Indian restaurant for a business meeting and for a regular joe if you're good spending $12.99 for the buffet. That's the highest price out there for a lunch buffet, except for Amber India's which is two bucks more. The weekend lunch buffet at Madhuban is $14.99. You can only order a la carte in the evenings. Their menu looks pretty good and the prices are actually lower than I expected given their buffet prices. (Veggie entrees are $10.99 to $11.99, and meat entrees are $12.99 to $16.99 with most falling into the low end of that range.)On my visit the buffet included:DalFries*Paneer MakhaniDal Vada*Chicken Tikka MasalaChili Pakora (I was excited to see these since I love Priya's version and I rarely see them but these were too spicy)Bengan BarthaZucchini Masala*Chicken Biryani (good quality chicken and nice spicing)*Malai KabobSalad and vegetablesRaita*my favoritesDidn't Try:Tandoori Chicken Mushroom MasalaIdlyLamb (heard it was good)Dessert table:FruitMango pudding (not as good as Turmeric's)Excellent fresh hot naan was brought to the table (unlike Turmeric's folly of putting it in the buffet to get cold). We visited during the prime lunch hours of 12 and 1 and the place was really busy. On the upside I saw dishes frequently replenished. On the downside there was a constant line at the buffet. The buffet clearly needs to be set up differently. While the central island was always free of traffic and could be accessed from two sides, the area with troughs against the wall was always a bottleneck. This was partly because of dishes in the corners of this set-up that couldn't be reached until you were exactly in front of them. And the line was so tight you couldn't hop it just to get one item.The meat quality here was a revelation. They use white meat chicken in all or most of their dishes. That's part of the reason their meat dishes here are stronger than their veggie dishes. The Chicken Tikka Masala (CTM) uses white meat, something that's hard to find nowadays. (Places seem to try to get by making the similar dish, Chicken Makhani, with dark meat.) The Malai Kabob (similar to Turmeric's) consisted simply of nicely cooked chunks of chicken and was excellent.If this place was $11 or under I would definitely give it 5 stars. However, since it's $12.99 ($14.99 on weekdays), I have to give it 4 for now. My Current Indian Buffet Rankings:1) Turmeric, Sunnyvale2) Passage to India, Mountain View3) Priya, Berkeley4) Bombay Garden, Sunnyvale5) Mehak, Berkeley6) Sargam, Walnut Creek7) MADHUBAN, SUNNYVALE8) Rangoli, San Jose9) Maharaja?, Mtn View --- on Castro St., can't remember name but it's not Sue's, maybe Godavari?10) Tandoori Mahal, San Francisco11) Mayuri, Santa Clara12) Khana Peena, Berkeley13) Sahib, Richmond14) Taj, Sunnyvale15) Swarna,Walnut Creek16) Mezbaan, Santa Clara17) Grand Indian Buffet, Sunnyvale18) Tandoori Bites, San Jose19) India Palace, Berkeley20) Raj, Oakland21) Nawab, San Mateo22) Udupi Palace, Sunnyvale
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,4/14/2009,994,993,39,33,36>4 stars: For the donuts! They are pretty good. They are essentially candy, cereal,  and other unhealthy junk food items piled all over a donut. Fantastic!I got a dozen so I could try as many as I could. I really liked the Butterfinger, Whopper, Oreo, Cocoa Puffs, Fruit Loops, and S'more donuts. They all had pretty clever names. The only donuts I did not particularly care for was the green tea one. That one tasted weird.1 (extra) star: For the freakin' theme. They have the whole mental ward theme going, which makes it a unique donuts joint (as compared to the usual suspects which are chains and mom n' pop joints). I walked in and some guy in a long doctor's coat gives me some bubble wrap. Fun. The cashier was dressed as a nurse, which was kind of kinky and reminded me of Halloween. She was extremely friendly and actually looked at the picture on my debit card, unlike most cashiers (who could care less about your protection).She commented that I looked different on my debit card. I told her that's because they screwed up my picture and stretched it out. I then showed her my credit card, which is how the picture originally looked when taken and she said:"Wow. You look tanner and thinner here."I responded:"So do you think I am cute or do I just appear cuter to you now that you know I have a Platinum Credit Card?"She blushes and says:"You're cute. Umm. I like your referee uniform."Then I realized I was in my geeky soccer referee uniform. She must have thought I was psycho. But then again, I guess that is the point.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/16/2008,4/13/2009,615,556,25,20,18>Here is my mindset whenever I go out:If I'm with people I enjoy, it's pretty hard to have a bad night, assuming the following things happen...1. I get in to wherever we are (and I don't have to pay cover). CHECK2. My friends (including guys) get in and don't have to pay cover. CHECK3. I get drinks in hand in a timely fashion. CHECK.4. There is room to move/sit/stand/dance/walk to the restroom. CHECK.Bonus: There is an outdoor area to escape. CHECK.So why 3 stars? They let guys in wearing t-shirts. Said guys are also short with Napoleon complexes when getting their drinks at the bar. Don't freakin push me you little punk. Just because I'm tall enough to see your bald spot doesn't mean you can bump me like I'm a guy. And they charge up the ass for drinks. But, with my friends in tow, any night is a good night. The V Bar just doesn't top my list.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,4/11/2009,198,447,11,13,12>We took the kids to a birthday party on Sunday. It was our first time and Bounce-a-Rama exceeded my husband's expectations.The set up is kid friendly and CLEAN which is always a plus! The food court was a good size. The party room a little on the small side and from what I can see there is only 1 room that can be split into two. There is an arcade.The jumpers they had were pretty cool. I wanted to jump in for some bouncing fun with the kids but parents weren't allowed :(. I liked that there was staff member monitoring each jumper making sure the kids were being safe and not crowding which was a good thing.Unlike Pump It Up the kids aren't confined to one room for a certain amount of time. They're able to run around and play wherever they wanted. Hubby liked that a lot and the food. He said it tasted better than what Pump It Up served which was Pizza Hut. We're planning to have our 6 year old's next birthday at Bounce-a-Rama in the fall.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,4/10/2009,118,117,12,15,14>Finding a good hair salon is tough, so many choices! And just cuz it's expensive does not mean it's good! My friend referred me to this place and I got excited reading all the positive reviews, hence, I made an appointment. I was impressed to find the inside was spacious and clean with high ceilings. The staff welcomed me and I was promptly greeted by my hairdresser student, Katie, who took me to her station. She was a pleasure to work with, not too talkative, but really focused on my hair and did a great job!  She definitely has a passion for her work and even took the extra step to display her portfolio for the clients. The cut took almost 3 hours, which included wash, cut, blow-dry, and style. Since this was a school, we had to wait for the one or two instructors walking around to advice and approve before students can proceed with cutting methods. I was satisfied with the results and happy that so many people focused on making sure I looked good! All that for $10 can't be beat! I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2009,4/9/2009,528,386,19,16,17>"it's my party and i'll cry if i want to. you would cry to if it happened to you."yes, it was my birthday. the peeps came out to support by planning a bday thing for me. they fed me drinks, pulled me on the dance floor, and took pictures with me. needless to say, i had several drinks that night. luckily, it wasn't like the last time i was here and ended up waking up on my bathroom floor...naked. don't ask, please.6 drinks later into the night, i was still pretty sober..i think this was to my own detriment too. i at one point was handed regular sized tall cup with over 3/4 of the cup filled with vodka and the rest orange juice. uh, sarah? are you trying to kill me? i passed it along so i could finish my other drink which tasted so much better...probably cuz it tasted like nothing.it was empty for a saturday night. not complaining, i hate people anyway. two different areas to dance in with 2 different dj's. that's all i can really think of. no one ever need talk about this night again.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,4/8/2009,108,130,16,14,14>This place is classic! It is the kind of bar that you can wear your sunglasses in to on a Sunday morning when you have a wicked hangover and order a really strong bloody mary and the bar tender just knows what you mean! They will serve it up just right, take your money, and tell you to stop your sniveling!!Oh and they don't mind when you throw up in the parking lot! The place smells like stale bar, but the bar tenders are awesome, the crowd is random good fun, and sometimes there is just free food on the stage. Not sure why, but it has happened twice to me. Once a really good sloppy Joe!!! Yum!Goosetown you rock! I especially like to visit you after a morning of drinking and eating at Bill's Cafe.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2009,4/7/2009,2146,741,15,18,18>Mmmmmm...Delatti is *the best*. Best Original flavor with the perfect amount of tartness, sweetness, creaminess, and iciness. Their Strawberry Banana flavor is also amazing.I have a need to update my Delatti review because it just gets better and better! The fruit variety and quality always pleases (where else can I get peach?) and lately the service has just been amazing.I brought several of my friends here (and they loved it!) during break, and each time, the same man was at the counter. (I hope he doesn't think I'm a player--they were all guy friends). He is so nice! One time, this guy ran out of yogurt or something and he went to the guy, took the cup, and refilled it.Another time, he filled my cup so full of yogurt that he took another cup and filled it up with the fresh fruit toppings I ordered. static.px.yelp.com/bphotAll fruit!Delatti never has holes and all that cheap, tricky stuff. I did find it amusing when they labeled their toppings wrong one day: static.px.yelp.com/bphot. That's not cookie dough!They even messaged me to thank me for my review =)You deserve it!
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,9/7/2009,428,2224,6,11,8>I went here last night for dinner and did not regret one second of it 1. service was super fab (there was also literally no one in the restaurant around 6) and we had no issues.. server was super nice! 2. sweet potato fries and the sauce that accompanied was yummy and perfectly cooked 3. the calamari with lemon and jalapenos did not disappoint (the aoli that accompanied was totally addictive as was the sweet and sour like sauce) 4. the rustic bread with tomato was buttery and delicious.. if I wasn't so @#$@#$ full from the fries and calamari I would have had a whole piece 5. the bleu cheese walnut salad was huge (well worth the money) and enough for six people to get a little taste 6. GUAVA SHORT RIBS..WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE 7. The hot wings were also good (not oily or greasy.. kick at the end) 8. the salmon sliders-- bread was dry-- perhaps stale? but the blackened salmon itself was bomb 9. steak salad gone 10. NY steak was kinda chewy.. not my favorite thing I tried but decent 11. thai chili salmon bomb 12. HALF BROWNIE HALF COOKIE WITH ICE CREAM BOMB other things worth mentioning- the menu has tons of yummy options which made my head spin and I wished I had a high metabolism so I could have ordered more.... glasses were filled, folks were attentive.... definitely a good place to take a small group of 6-8. The chocolate cake the folks next to us in addition to that bread pudding looked AMAZING.... ARGH!! too much food so little time... Tizzle and party of six were happy..definitely coming back to check for consistency.. getting more of those guava short ribs and then trying other stuff on the menu
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,9/6/2009,410,351,8,9,10>Bill's has lived up to it's hype. Perfect hangover breakfast food with crave-a-licious mimosas (ask me where I wanted to be ALL NIGHT LONG last night?)It was a miracle we were all up at 9am. I kinda felt like that Lady GaGa music video where she comes in and everyone's passed out... but we all get up and go to Bills where the party continues. (Is this real life?)Eggs, bacon, fresh fruit, tomato juice and they were able to seat our party of seven in about 10 minutes. Very efficient... and now I'm craving the mimosas again. sheesh.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2009,9/5/2009,849,1374,22,15,12>"I'm tired of these mother Pho Khang snakes on this mother Pho Khang plane!"I discovered this place sounds like a bad word! If you remember that "pho" is pronounced "fa" and follow that quickly with "khang" you get... well, you can figure it out. Awesome. Now I want to go here more just so I can say things like:"Quit Pho Khang around!""Pho Khang A!""Are you Pho Khang kidding me?"The first time I went here at 2 p.m. we had the place to ourselves. The second time I visited at 12:30 we got the only open table. Decor consists of a bunch of tables.The chicken sauteed with green bean over steamed rice ($7.25) included white meat chicken (a plus!), and the flavor was strong but a little one dimensional. The bun (vermicelli noodles) with grilled lemongrass chicken was $7.25, but I splurged and paid 20 cents more for the version with an eggroll. The eggroll was very fried, filled with shrimp and only OK. The bun needed more in terms of bean sprouts, peanuts, and herbs. The lemongrass chicken wasn't very lemongrassy in taste, and the sauce didn't really complement the bun. My friend really liked the pork bun.I feel like this place has potential. I just haven't found the right dish.In the meantime what I most enjoy about it is saying "Pho Khang."
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,9/4/2009,224,712,9,16,13>I love this place.They carry a great selection of Benjamin Moore paints, including the Pottery Barn and Restoration Hardware collections. The guys there are ENDLESSLY patient, and I do mean endlessly...not only do I have some pretty ridiculous questions but I have stood behind ladies who take like an hour to go through paint samples WHILE standing at the counter.Note to paint choosing peeps, they have a cush mahogany table in the front of the shop where you can park your booty down and be way more comfy than in line holding other people up.Big perk for the new Aura line which is low VOC (paint fumes) and also Natura which is like nil VOC...also their Aura line has these huge paint sample sheets that are something like 18x18 for EVERY color they offer, and they are like $2 bucks. DEFINITELY worth it when you are trying to see what a color looks like on the wall cuz we all know that the little 1x2 swatch is not doing anything but making your imagination work overtime.Great selection of little 2 oz paint samples as well... and this place is fast and easily friendly. You can stop in at 3:50 on a Saturday when they close at 4 and they will not blink an eye as you rattle off $175 worth of paint order that you need right there.Negatives...a little pricey and they always seem to recommend way more paint than I need (as in a whole quart extra), but I love shopping local so in this case it's worth it.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,9/3/2009,653,1522,25,20,25>2 years, 10 months 10 days and 17 hours until foie gras is removed from the menu = ( I had an extraordinary birthday dinner at Alex's this year! Yes, it's Alex's now, I feel our relationship has progress enough considering I've had most items on the menu. Our waiter was wonderful and the food was, of course, wonderful. To begin with, we were surprised with complementary champagne. I'm a sucker for champagne. Well, the foie gras is now $20 for the seared version but the portion is slightly larger and still worth every penny. My boyfriend is now hooked too. This is the way it ought to be. The bonus of the evening was that I finally tasted the sweet nectar of the bone-in ribeye, which was well worth the wait. I just wish I could be certain to have it again sometime again in '09! Although we were stuffed to the gills (and still had leftovers! woohoo, 2 lb bone-in!) a birthday dinner just isn't complete with a little something sweet. I was surprised to learn the desert was also complementary considering the champagne. Thank You Alex for another perfect evening!
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2009,9/2/2009,994,993,17,20,20>Usually, I tend to dislike most restaurants and eateries on the east side of San Jose. However, this is one restaurant I have been to a few times and really enjoyed.Sure, they can make the usual Mexican dishes that feature carne asada, pollo, and carnitas. But what I love most about this place are their extensive array of seafood dishes. Their seafood enchiladas dish is killer. You can get them stuffed with quality shrimp (camarones), crab (jaiba), and octopus (pulpo). They are topped with excellent red sauce and plenty of delicious melted cheese. The inside has plenty of spice too with sliced green habanero peppers, tomatoes, and onions. The beans and rice on the side are good. They really pay attention to the smallest details here.The service here is fantastic. And the decor is much more than what you would expect for a restaurant located in a tiny little strip mall on the east side.So if you like Mexican style seafood, you should head over to Mariscos Vallarta and try what they have to offer.Ajua! Ajua!
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,9/1/2009,198,447,12,14,12>- Large Bun Bo Hue- Large Beef Ball Soup- Regular Pho GaPho Kim Long is very generous with their portions and you definitely get your moneys worth. The regular is already HUGE and at other Pho restaurants is a large so imagine our surprise when the bun bo hue and beef ball soup came out. Our mouths dropped to the floor, lol. The pho broth at Kim Long was very flavorful and you do not need to season with sriracha & hoison but of course I love spice so I had to add it plus pickled jalapeno :)I forgot how much I enjoyed Kim Long. It was a GOOD $21spent. The service was OK. We arrived early so we weren't rushed at all, if anything I was the one doing the rushing with my twin [sometimes] sweethearts, hahaha. We will definitely be coming back.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,8/31/2009,563,743,10,12,12>Wonderful little gem for all seafood lovers.Their products are always fresh and they carry such a huge selection of seafood goods. Surprisingly, their prices aren't that bad....often times comparable, if not cheaper, to major chain grocery stores. And let's face it, I'd rather get my seafood here for a little more when I know the quality and fresh factor is going to be higher.They conveniently carry a wide array of ingredients one may need for their seafood recipes--Everything from fresh lemons, spices, panko breading, wasabi paste, and more. I am also a HUGE fan of their fresh baked breads. The staff at Race Street is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. You can also pre-order large amounts of seafood if you're planning to have an event......crayfish boils, clambakes, etc.My only suggestion, don't pick up their already made "Hawaiian Poke"---no matter how much you're craving poke. The flavors are way off and their seaweed is nothing like limu. Instead, skip it and pick up some of their super fresh Ahi and make your own. You won't regret it!Other than that, I'm a BIG FAN of Race Street Fish and Poultry Market.4.5 Stars!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,8/30/2009,118,117,9,9,9>Loved the celebrity style treatment in the 12 passenger limo! Our driver, Richard, was very accommodating the entire evening. The limo was spacious, clean, and chic indeed with the fancy ceiling lights and champagne for all. I had a blast and was much entertained by loud music, hilarious stories, and crazy picture taking paparazzi with the gang. Thanks to Walt for providing food and roses for all the girls, he definitely comes well prepared.I'll be calling you up next time I need to go in red carpet style.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,8/29/2009,128,241,7,12,12>There is nothing like great food with good friends, or in this case one great friend.  This night, we had the HONOR of dining with our wedding photographer, Mr. Junshien Lau.He is a great person because (a) me and my wife are on the front of his website (though my face is covered) and (b) when he can't go to your parties, he has great excuses like "Oh, I have to go to Cancun to take wedding pictures."  I never thought I could get jealous from an evite reply.Anyway, it was his suggestion to try this place out.  We made reservations for a Friday night (you don't need to make reservations btw, as we were the only ones that did) and showed up about 15 minutes late, but it was ok.  Also, it is a good place for kids as the tables are very spaced apart (room for strollers, etc).Being adventurous, we decided to try the grilled meats on a stick as appetizers (chicken, pork and beef) , the tamarind pad-thai-ish noodles, the catfish wrapped in banana leaf, and grilled veggies with beef.  *Note, I did not write down the names of these plates, so you'll just have to go by description, or read other people's reviews and figure it out.All the plates came out fairly quickly, and they looked great.  The noodles had a nice texture and taste to them.  If you're a pad thai fan, you'll like these.  The grilled veggies and beef tasted as I expected it to.  The catfish in banana leaf was great.  It has some soft yet firm texture and whatever it was made out all came together.  Peeking at other reviews, I'm guessing we ordered the Amok.  As Junshien put it "it's like vomit wrapped up and steamed".  Ok, it tasted much better than it looked.  That statement also explains why he's a great wedding photographer and not a food critic.  This was a lovely place for dinner, the interior has nice decorations on the wall, spacious for kids, and overall great service.  Come here with family, friends, or your jet setting wedding photographer!
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,4/20/2010,154,237,8,12,10>Love anything chocolate covered?! Love cherries but can't find ones that are just the right texture & taste? Want to present a gift to sweet lover(s) that everyone will rave over and thank you a million times over?! Than this is the place for you! There's no doubt about it the CJ Olson's has some of the best cherries you'll ever eat! They're picked right here from the cherry trees in Sunnyvale, so they're local and be warned you'll pay a premium for them! But more better to buy here than also pay high prices at grocery stores and not get a good tasting product. I was also informed by an employee when I was there since cherries aren't in season here now, that the Olson's had visited Chile and found a grower that has very similar harvesting practices to Sunnyvale's farm, so sometime this month, they'll have some cherries! Very cool! They offer just about everything you can think of covered in chocolate fruit and nut wise. They also carry just plain dried fruit and nuts if you'd rather have those. Delicious truffles are also available in various flavors and sizes of packages! They were some of the best truffles I've tasted! There were sample cups of all of their products out for you to try which is a nice touch. Different sized bags and gift packs (variety or just one flavor) are available too. Their chocolate covered cherries and blueberries are my favorites! But be forewarned, an 8 oz bag of these will set you back $8.99 which is quite spendy and would be a rare treat for me! And believe me, they don't last long, they're so scrumptious!!They also offer pies one being Bing Cherry which is very good, but an 8 inch one will set you back $18.99! They're also offering pumpkin and another flavor during the holidays which I don't know the price of. These pies aren't baked on site though, they work with a local baker for this. There was a small selection of other fresh fruits such as grapes, apples, oranges available and when more fruit is in season, I've seen a lot more available including melons, peaches, strawberries, etc. Pumpkins and gourds are also sold during the appropriate season. Some small non-edible gifts are also offered, some cherry themed, others more kitchen themed. Their products (not sure about fresh or perishables) can be shipped if you desire this service. Overall, I think they offer fantastic cherries, chocolates and other goods! I will come in if I need a special gift or treat, but I sadly can't come often as it's rather spendy, especially in this economy (-1 star for high prices, sorry).
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2009,4/19/2010,32,50,14,19,17>It's all about the Pan de Elote! It's the mexican corn bread. So moist and "corny". It's basically a huge pancake made from rice flower, egg, condensed milk, and corn. Get 'em fresh and enjoy!Try their restaurant area and get a couple of tacos. Choose from  carnitas, or carne asada, cabeza, and lengua. My favorite is the lengua because it is steamed to perfect tenderness.And check out their freshly made flour tortillas. They've got a machine that puts out like 150 tortillas a minute. oooh!Come here while it's new. Very clean and the prices aren't that bad...
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,4/18/2010,222,319,8,9,8>My new favorite sushi restaurant! Sen Dai is a place I've wanted to try for quite some time now. It's a shame that it's such a small place that during peak times you have to wait awhile for a table. I came with a couple of friends who were in town for the weekend and, fortunately, we arrived after the Friday lunch rush. I was definitely excited to see the menu was loaded with numerous maki selections. It took awhile to select what we wanted but we decided upon the Kawasaki, Super Spicy, Milpitas, Las Vegas, California, and Alaska. The rolls are surprisingly enormous. Very unexpected. I thought the Kawasaki was terrific, with the crispiness of the perfectly fried soft shell crab complementing the slight spiciness of the tuna and the sweetness of the eel. YUM! On the other side of the spectrum, I didn't think the Super Spicy was below expectations and not spicy at all. It was quite mild actually. I thought I would be grabbing my water glass to extinguish the fire in my mouth but alas that was not needed.We couldn't even finish our orders and had to take the rest home. Actually I got to take the leftovers home since my friends had no place to store it while they were visiting here. Score! My sushi cravings will no longer be satisfied by other places. Sen Dai is my go-to place for remarkable (and ginormous) sushi at affordable prices.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,4/17/2010,299,340,14,18,15>I stopped by for their grand opening today and was so pleased to meet Kristen and Dean Scott, the owners. After running a successful online business for several years--and even getting national exposure on the Rachel Ray show--this local couple has now opened a shop in San Jose.I was invited to try some of the samples: spiced nuts, pecan and cranberry bark, fudge, and caramels. I had to pass on the bark, since I'm allergic to pecans, but Kristen was quick to let me try the caramel. The caramels are sooo buttery and creamy, with the perfect amount of chewiness. After a brief chat with the friendly pair, I walked away with some of their wonderful honey-lavender marshmallows, a s'more on a stick, and a bag of the caramels.I'm not at all a fan of marshmallows, but as Dean pointed out, I'd never tried homemade. I loved the texture of these; they're just so fun to squish between your fingers! Eating them was like eating a cloud--a delicious cloud. And the flavor was true lavender, which made my lavender-loving boyfriend happy. He also finished off the s'more on a stick, after letting me try one bite. Again, I'm not usually a fan of s'mores, but this homemade marshmallow dipped in chocolate and covered with graham cracker pieces was a decidedly upscale and delicious take on the campfire classic.Cheers to Kristen and Dean for opening a boutique artisanal candy shop in the heart of San Jose!
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/1/2009,4/16/2010,1596,841,23,31,23>Pretty darn tootin' good! I've eaten here several times and it's always been a consistent and divey kind of a place to grab a bite. You walk in and enter the bar and if it's your first time you here, you will stand around confused. Someone will take your order and you hang out in the bar until they are ready to seat you.The thing to get here is the garlic bread with the delicious and sweet BBQ sauce to dip the pieces in and the ribs. Forget the steak, get the ribs! Oh and their baked potato comes with their own blended chive butter and it will melt your brain, it's that good. A tip for those who aren't familiar to the area: Call ahead and see if it's busy. If there's a Sharks game going on at HP Pavillion, expect the wait to be ridiculously long. Also, watch your step on the way down. It's steep and your face might eat pavement if you're not looking out!
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2009,4/15/2010,697,211,11,16,11>I guess they have their good days and bad days, and I must admit I can't find any body modification place who's as professional, clean, and straight forward as these folks here. I was being a tad unfair and based the entire experience off one person whose main job isn't even to pierce me but rather to welcome me to their store. Then I got to thinking: maybe it wasn't even her that was being rude, maybe I was the one who had the stick up mine. She is still here and I think she may be the owner. Unfortunately asking for her name slipped my mind.After two+ years of not visiting this place, I came here last night to get a friend her piercing as a birthday present. I decided to get my tragus done too - finally after years of talking about it. Two things you need to know about this piercing: 1) it's going through thicker cartilage which means your pain threshold may or may not stand it, & 2) i heard a crunch as the needle passed through. It's mind over matter, breathing deeply helps!$45 for a hole and a plain silver ring hanging off my tragus now, pricing wasn't as bad as I thought. The Madonna piercing cost more when I got it done here a while back ($72). My piercer was Daniel who's done work for five of my friends, and he's great, very gentle, professional, and has been in the body modification industry for over a decade, so rest assure he knows what he's doing. Bonus points: the front desk lady and Daniel are gamers, we geeked out on the latest games while waiting to finish up paper work. It's an awesome ice breaker :)Best place to get pierced at in San Jose, I would not recommend people else where.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,4/14/2010,563,743,13,12,15>We've kind of been on a retro kick lately.....making Sunday night fried chicken for dinner, bowling one week--so what was next?A Drive-In Movie. And no better movie is currently out to watch at a drive-in, than "Zombieland".So the bf and I packed our car with a blankie, a small cooler of adult beverages, and headed over to Capitol Drive-In Theaters. It's been awhile since both of us had been to one and we kind of forgot how it all worked. When we pulled up to the booth and told the attendant which film we wanted to see, I was SHOCKED to find how cheap tickets are! For 2 adults it came out to $13.50. Maybe I've been used to the $10-11 per person Movie Theater ticket prices but this unexpected deal was awesome! Since we came a little early we had perfect space selection to park our car....smack dab in the middle. We decided to check out their "concession" stand that offered a TON of different types of food. We settled on Chili Cheese Fries although everyone was buying their street tacos. Needless to say, they've got everything to accommodate any kind of muchies one could have at a Drive-In.As for the movie experience, it was AWESOME! There's no need of worrying if you're too loud during a movie, you can bring your own food and drinks, and it's cost effective! We'll DEFINITELY be back here to watch movies more often---though next time, we'll need a bigger "adult beverage cooler" :)ps. I'm not saying we did this, but if you watch the first movie screening, you can just drive over to the next spot (or stay in your spot) to catch another movie! Movie Hoppin' at the drive in! :)pps. Zombieland was AWESOME!
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,4/13/2010,942,253,15,25,23>Thank goodness for this new location in San Jose!  The Milpitas location was my first stop for this company and since it was so far, I rarely went.  I was alerted to this San Jose spot by Jean N. who posted photos about this on Facebook ~ what an incredible surprise!  After getting the details from Jean, I made a mental note to stop by in a few days.  I came by, with my mother,  the day Noelle was moving into her new home.Facing the shopping plaza from White Road, the store is located at the right hand side right on White Road.  Upon entering the store, I noticed how clean, well lit and busy it was along with the delectable scent of various steamed and baked foods.  The menu is clearly marked and easy to read.  There are several staff on hand to help you out with your order as well.  On this day, a young man named Kyle helped me out.  He got my order together quickly and asked me at the end, if there was anything I favored or had not tried yet.  I told him that I liked a pineapple bun, which he checked and unfortunately it was sold out (more baking though not ready at the time).  He offered another similar type dessert bun and place two in a bag for me to take, free of charge.   Kyle rung up my order (they do accept credit cards) and welcomed us to come back to try their lunch menu items on our next visit.I ordered the following items: taro rolls, baked pork buns (hardly any fat, all lean meat), shrimp won tons (deep fried), egg custard tart and other items.  It seems that everything here is "super-sized" but the prices are definitely soft on your wallet compared to other places.My mother enjoyed the good service we received and the yummy offerings.  We are definitely coming back for more!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,4/12/2010,576,429,23,28,28>After I had my hair permed in 3rd grade, bangs and all, I vowed never to let anyone touch my hair again! I'm sensitive with my hair -- hair this good deserves the best, knowwhatimsayin'?For the record, my hair is long, straight and a little bit on the thicker side, though still very soft. It's very hard to style because it's so heavy and straight - I can never get my curls to stay curled!When the time came to finally let go, I stumbled upon W Salon with my older sister. She used to be a client at Umbrella but they lost her appointment so she refused to go back (their loss!). Originally, I saw Monie but she moved on to start her own salon, Shampoo Dolls. Monie is great and I highly recommend her as well :)However, I currently go to Isabel at W Salon and she is fan-friggn-tastic! I notice W Salon has a lot of yelp reviews from questionable yelpers (no pics, no reviews) but the truth is, Isabel at W Salon is GREAT!Here's why:1. She's very experienced.She travels all the time to learn latest techniques! Every time I go there, she tells me how she went to New York or Los Angeles to attend a workshop. I prefer my hair cut with razors and she works them well.2. She makes you look like a million bucks.Seriously. She does. After I get a haircut, it's like I'm ready for the catwalk. My hair is plagued with baby hair that sticks in all sorts of directions but she manages to tame them all. I get tons of compliments on my hair and people ask where I get my hair cut. I've referred friends to her...maybe I should get a discount, can I get an ahem!?!?3. She's super sweet....And not in that salesman-fake way either. She's never NOT happy. Every story she tells me, whether its bad or good, sounds so pleasant coming from her! Like, damn girl, what are you taking? Can you give me some or what? I thoroughly enjoy talking to her and the conversation never feels forced.4. She listens.I once told a stylist that I liked my hair cut with razors but she decided to use scissors anyway. I hated my haircut! Needless to say, she no longer works there. But Isabel listens and doesn't try persuade you otherwise. I like my hair long and she totally understood that -- she has long hair too! I A stylist should listen to you and help you if you're unsure. Isabel definitely does that :)For the most part, the receptionists have been really nice and professional. I would recommend Isabel first, and then maybe Erika. I asked Isabel who cut her hair (it's beautiful) and she said Erika does.I know it's pretty nerve wrecking to get your hair cut by a stranger but Isabel is so easy to trust. Plus it doesn't hurt that I grow my hair out long enough so there's room for error but still! She's great :) She charges $75.00 and I see some people are crying over the prices...someone call the waahhmbulance! It's a trendy, chic salon in Santana Row with a kick ass stylist, what did you think it was going to cost?I can point you in a cheaper direction: Supercuts.For an awesome haircut, and a great time, go here and ask for Isabel!
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,4/11/2010,736,863,13,19,16>Farewell to flat choppy layers and heeel-lo to sassy volume and the most movement my hair has had in years!I always admired how chic Umbrella looked from outside and after growing out my hair for almost an entire year, I decided to give the salon a try. I made an appointment with the owner, Kien, and I have to say...I was honored. I mean, who wouldn't be? The guy just came back from working for the Armani Prive 2010 Runway show in Paris. Yes...PARIS!!!Anyways, I came in and was greeted/escorted to the back by Kien's assistant, Hien. I changed into a navy blue kimono-type-robe and was introduced to Kien. He asked me what I was looking for and I told him that I was tired of choppy layers and that I wanted a 'different' and 'new' look. I also didn't want to cut my length too short. He made a couple of recommendations and I put my trust in him--which I'm really glad I did. My hair is fuller, the short layers are subtle, and the overall length is perfect. It was really inspiring to see how passionate Kien is with hair and fashion. For a person with his resume, he was really humble and down to earth. He also has a really good eye and he worked so smoothly--as though the sheers/blades were extensions of his own hands!I also fell in love with the Oribe products that he used in my hair--especially the volume mist because it really worked. I bought a bottle for $20 and have been pleased with the results ever since. All of the Oribe products were all sooo fragrant and left my hair super silky/soft.Kien really made Umbrella worth the try. I will be returning very soon for my next hair cut.P.S. There is parking validation for the public parking structure. Do not park in 'Victory Parking', they do not accept Umbrella's parking validation.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,9/9/2014,894,377,11,14,17>This place deserves 4.5 stars. They are open 8-6pm but they can get super packed even before opening. People are already waiting at 7am on weekends. $40 for a mini detail which includes hand wash, vacuum interior, and light shampoo. I found a few dirt marks here and there on my car you just have to point it out to them when they pull your car out. Also be sure to check when you open all of your doors that there aren't any dirt left also. The Coleman Plaza is walking distance so you can get a cup of joe at panera or eat. Be ready to wait at least TWO HOURS. They're pretty good at what they do here and can easily turn people around because they get to full capacity.Btw, my car smelled pretty bad because of the 4 dogs I have. Fur all over the trunk and they got every single dog fur out!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,9/8/2014,830,598,10,15,13>Absolutely love this place!!! I remember when this was a Chinese restaurant but with no customers. Now, they completely renovated the location and I like the chill vibe and awesome staff. Great location to grab Mai Tai's with an actual full size pineapple served to you. I have yet to try their food, but I will come back for their drinks. Best part: Happy Hour from 3pm-6pm. Also, ask for their special drinks they don't have on their menu. Heard their coconut white Russian is off the hook! Friday nights they have live music, Saturdays are Reggae nights and live hula dancers, and Sundays live DJ music with delicious brunch and awesome mimosas!! Would I come back? Yes!!!
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,9/7/2014,527,200,8,10,9>In badly needing a haircut, I yelped a few spots to get a hair cut and choose this place because it had a good amount of reviews and a good amount of stars. I came here on a Saturday early before they were suppose to be opened and it was already a wait to get a cut. I knew what style I wanted but wasn't sure it was going to turned out right. I went, I got my hair cut, the atmosphere was good, and 20 minutes later I feel like a million bucks. I take a look at the mirror and then I pay the lady, and started walking out of the barbershop SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER STYLEEEEEE! ohhhh yeahhh! I felt HOT HOT HOT HOT stayin alive staying alive!
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,9/6/2014,298,200,6,8,7>I want to say this is the only real creamery in Santa Clara. I love the small business/one of a kind vibe it's got going on.Mission always has a wide variety of ice cream flavor- bummer they tend to run out of some by the end of the day.  It has somewhat of a unique texture which I like and it's all great quality ice cream, of course.Apparently they have grilled cheese and french fries?! I haven't had the opportunity to try that out but I want to go back and dip some fries in my scoop!
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,9/5/2014,183,232,26,24,24>Whats more romantic than watching a  scary movie cuddling close to each other and having your partner clutch your shirt hard and hide in your chest during all the scary parts? Doing all this in the privacy of your car in front of a giant screen with a little picnic! Capitol Drive In is the perfect place to bring a date or even a friend to watch a movie. You pay a cheap 7.25 per person to get in and he attendant shows you which screen your movie is and which station to tune your radio to. I do admit, its a little confusing to maneuver around the "theatre" as this is a flea market during the day so there are tents everywhere, but if you get lost they do have signs that have the screen number on them. I felt like someone helplessly running around a giant maze and even almost ran over a tent once! My, would've been super embarrassing, considering there are always cars on the other side scrambling around like headless chickens. When you do manage to get to your screen, you'll notice that there are already individual spots where you can park your car. All of the spots are slightly elevated so all you see is the movie screen. You don't see the other cars around you. If you're worried about draining your car battery, what you can do is look for a giant SUV with their back trunk open. Chances are they have a loud booming sound system with enough bass to violently shake your car. Park next to one of these cars, roll down your windows, and leech the sound away! The movies here are great quality. My only gripe sometimes, and I know its not their fault, is the long lines and the fact that there's a plane or train passing by every 15 minutes. But its ok, if that bothers you, turn up the volume and you won't hear a thing....unless you're a sound leech, in that case, walk on over to the SUV and kindly explain your situation and ask them to turn up the volume.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,9/4/2014,116,414,12,12,9>This place is my jam. I've tried a few Chinese massage parlors and this one is really top notch. The maitre d' is nice and speaks English. There is soft music playing and the employees do not chat with each other during your massage. The beds and towels are pretty clean and most importantly NOT leather - I hate the leather recliners that some places use because they squeak and squawk nonstop. Also, everyone here is trained uniformly, as in they spend the same amount of time on each portion and use similar technique. Of course you'll get varying styles and degrees of strength and you have to try a few times to find just the perfect fit. They do a legit hour-long massage. While you soak your feet in hot water, you get a shoulder/neck workout, then you lie face-down and get your whole back/arms/legs done. If you don't want the little ladies to kneel on your back, tell them now. If you aren't comfortable taking off your shirt AND BRA, LADIES (albeit discreetly under a towel) in a room full of people, then you should probably tell them at this point too. I was totally sketched out by that part but now IDGAF because they rub your back with tiger balm and then scrub with a hot towel and it's just so nice mmmmmmmmmmm. Finally you flip over and they do your face/neck/legs/arms/feet. And then, ARE YOU READY? It's $20. Or $17 if you buy a 10-pack, which I of course do because I love this place and try to come every week. You should probably tip $10 and not 15% because they WORK and you don't wanna be an asshole. I am not going to give you the name of my lady because why would I do that, but if you want the name of another lady who I book for friends I bring, then gimme a holler. I will charge you zero dollar.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,9/3/2014,196,244,8,12,10>I have been SO lucky lately... the past month or so, I have eaten at such wonderful places! This establishment is no different! I texted one of my childhood gf's today asking her if she would meet me for lunch to catch up over some cha ca noung. We use to go to their Grand Century location many years ago till it was boycotted by our group for some shady customer service. Subsenquently, this location opened up but I basically forgot about this dish for this many years. So when I ran into the pictures on yelp, all the fond memories came back and I knew I had to eat here. Let me tell you that I WILL  NEVER EVER EVER go this long without this dish again!We were seated alittle after 11am and the place was fairly empty still. We ordered the Cha Ca and added the rice paper for an extra $2.00 You have to get the rice paper..it just ties everything together. We passed on the mam nem sauce and opted for the traditional vietnamese nuc mam sauce for dipping. They brought out the fish sizzling on the portable table grill and it smelled HEAVENLY! I quickly rolled my first spring roll and my eyes literally rolled to the back of my head at the first bite. SO SO good. I am kicking myself for all those lost years *sigh* My girls didnt want fish and ordered the shaking beef with red rice and bbq korean short ribs with rice. They ate most of their food minus alot of the rice. They arent big rice eaters. They said their food was delicious. I was too enamored with my fish that I didnt even bother tasting their food. We spent most of the afternoon eating and catching up. Even after we ate our fill there was enough fish and fillings for me to wrap 4 more large rolls for dinner! Such a great deal. I'm going to have to go back again this week to make up for all the lost time.5 stars
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,9/2/2014,602,403,4,29,16>Downtown Campbell FINALLY has a restaurant to get really tasty burgers and I couldn't be more excited.  I had the opportunity to check out Brown Chicken Brown Cow (BCBC) tonight and wanted to share my experience.The venue itself is tucked away off the main strip, across from Naschmarkt between La Pizzeria and Blue Line Pizza.  Once you walk through the orange door frame, you'll notice minimalist decor with limited seating but high ceilings.  While the restaurant is small, it isn't claustrophobic.  I'd say there's room for 25-35 people.  There are a few seats at the bar, a couple of high tables and then rows of low tables. I also noticed while seated that even though the kitchen was in full swing with orders it wasn't hot inside.   I don't know about you - but I don't want to leave a restaurant feeling greasy just because I was near the kitchen.  Thankfully, this isn't the case. On to the good stuff: the FOOD!BCBC really nailed it with their flavor combinations.  Their meat comes from grass-fed cows in Humboldt to create tasty gourmet burgers. There were 7 burgers ($7-$10) on the menu tonight - though one of the servers said they may be expanding the selections.  We tried the CRISPY PROSCIUTTO burger and the PSYCHEDELIC GOAT CHEESE BURGER.   The psychedelic burger boasts a delicate truffle/mushroom flavor profile with arugula and chives.  I LOVE chives on my burgers -- and I've never had this anywhere.  The Counter uses green onions, but that's just NOT the same.  The prosciutto burger had brie, caramelized onions, chives, mayo and a side of horseradish sour cream. The buns were lightly toasted, and the patties were cooked perfectly to order.  I think one of my favorite parts (other than the flavor) was the shape of the patty; It wasn't round - which was SO refreshing to see/eat.  They also have a few chicken sandwiches on the menu AND grilled cheese sandwiches. For those watching their waistline, BCBC has a few salads too ($7-$14).  I'll probably come in at lunch for the tri tip salad.Burgers wouldn't be complete without french fries; BCBC offers regular, cajun sweet potato and truffle fries.  I am NOT a fan of "fat fries"... I'm more of a shoestring girl.  Saying that, these were somewhere in between.  I only had a few, but they were good. I'll post photos so you see what I mean. As for DRINKS - they have a few beers on tap, wine and sodas/ice tea, etc.  All in all, I consider BCBC to be a welcome addition to the Campbell food scene.  Do give it a try if you like delicious, flavorful food.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,9/1/2014,476,261,7,9,8>American style bar food and beers. Lots and lots of beers. Ales, bitters, stouts, lagers, and a bunch of other terms that I don't really know anything about (but don't worry they explain them all on the menu). Even I, a perpetual Blue Moon drinker because anything darker just doesn't taste that great to me, found a list of about 10 beers under their "fruit and spiced ales" that I was willing to try. And the bartender's recommendation, the tangerine wheat ale, was on point--light, citrusy, and sort of like Blue Moon!With TVs, patio seating out front, tables in the front room, back room, and upstairs, and bar seating, this is a great casual place to hang out whether you want to grab a few bites with a group or just enjoy a game over some beers.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,8/31/2014,250,260,9,16,11>I'm very impressed with this place. I came in with zero standards because I'm a devout Boiling Crab fan but I was blown away with their spices! We ordered Combo #1 - 2 lbs of crawfish or 2 lbs of shrimp + 1 lb of clams, two corns, sausages, and potatoes for $35! Such a good deal!!The sauces were flavorful and had a sweet aftertaste. Their medium spice level was bearable because Boiling Crab's spice levels are so inconsistent! The clams stayed in the shells and the crawfish had varying sizes of small and large. The best part?The portions were huge! The calamari had good flavor but the mustard sauce was too tangy.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2005,6/6/2006,0,0,10,8,6>First the bad news: If you're special ordering something, you can forget about making a request (i.e. no grapefruit chunks on my apricot torte). Chef Michael Keller's ego seems to have invaded that place; changing a recipe to them is like putting Tabasco on the Communion Wafer. Then there's the overly intense trailer-dude in the front register; his name I think is Alan or something close to that. He's not hard to miss; just look for the red face, crew cut, and pimples. This guy looks like he just got out of an Aryan nation rally, and is the creepiest service clerk I've ever seen (and I lived in Alabama for 8yrs.). He's rude, abrupt, unaccommodating, and stares at you like he's about to take you hostage.Now the good news: The eclairs and the napoleons are great and so is the chocolate cake. Just about everything on the menu is good... however given the bad service I don't suggest eating in.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2006,6/5/2006,205,89,37,8,8>I went here (for a masters degree), but don't remember anything...$50k later I call myself an alum.The campus is beautiful, the girls are not.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2006,6/4/2006,108,25,27,2,5>Oh, lordy.  Talk about childhood traumas.  Picture the nerdiest little Asian girl with the goofiest light blue rimmed glasses overpowering her itty-bitty face engaging in passive-aggressive cart rage with scary old ladies.  Man, those were some epic battles, yo. "What, you wanted some pickled plums, you old crone?  Well, this little shit ain't movin' 'til you stop ramming your cart into her ankles."Last I checked, they have an awesome display of cookies, candies and snacks.  You want some dried shredded squid, peach gummies, and palm oil drenched coconut butter cookies?  Ta-freaking-dah!   Just beware of those vicious old biddies with their nasty perms.  And bring some ankle guards.  And don't get between them and the mung beans.  'Cuz they will cut a bitch, I tell you what.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2005,6/3/2006,426,592,6,2,3>SOOOO full.  Just got back from there so I thought I'd yelp about it.  Pricey meals that are filling and tasty but have a mass-produced feel to em.  The foccacia sandwiches are a bit dry and the fries are a tad soggy.  I've never been to dinner there so it's prolly better than lunch.  Lots of babies there.  So, question, why to people think that everyone loves listening to their 2 year old toddler scream in their highchairs during lunch?  Stay at home people...or bring the duct tape...sheesh.Update: Had a later snack/drink there and loved it.  The waitstaff sing opera songs every 20 mins or so!  How fun!  The martinis are STEERONG so be careful.Update: Had another date here since it was the locay of my first date with my NOW fiancee.  The food was great.  The 1/2 chicken dish blew my mind
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2006,6/2/2006,50,100,20,1,3>I used to work at this Target & when I was new, the guys in the stock room would make me stock the tampons.  ALL THE TIME.  I was pretty well versed in feminine hygiene products for a while there.  It was funny, some women would  walk into the aisle & see me stocking napkins & creams &  sprays & whatnots & they'd do an immediate about face out of the aisle trying to act like their friend 'Dottie' wasn't paying them a visit.  & others would come up to me & tap me on the shoulder & ask me which ones would suit them better.  I'm like "Uh, you look like a heavy flow type, so I'd go with the super-heavy-duty tuff-works".  I was employee of the month, twice.& becasue of me, this target gets 4 stars for their excellent customer service.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2006,6/1/2006,128,561,11,3,5>A Target store on the left... and Ferrari Dealership on the right side... El Camino Real is funny. Because you need toothbrushes and rich people need Ferraris.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2006,7/8/2006,135,106,1,4,3>I've had Don Giovanni's Prosciutto E Fresca Mozzarella panini many times, as it is quite delicious. This Italian ham sandwich with fresh mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, and some mayonnaise is tastier than anything you can get at a fast food sandwich shop. Of course, this premium quality sandwich has a premium price tag of $8.50, but it includes a yummy salad topped with (I think - not a big salad person) balsamic vinaigrette and a slice of strawberry and a slice of orange. I like the fruit mixed in with the greens, which I've never seen before - but, again, I'm not a big salad person. Oh, and the olive oil with minced olive for your pre-meal bread is AMAZING; it can burn your tongue and leave you in desperate need of an after-meal mint, but it is a very good reason to dine in rather than take-out.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2006,7/7/2006,0,0,3,1,1>Yo ho ho and a store full o crap. Seriously though. I told my co worker about this place and he replied that he was a classy pirate. I believe that is an oxymoron kinda like subtle Vegas. Tacky but fun. Saaaarsgaaaard!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2006,7/6/2006,0,0,6,5,5>In my meager 22 years of existence, I have never tasted a better cake.  I can't even begin to explain how delicious it tastes because there's nothing I can compare it to.I hate most cakes (especially birthday cakes) because of the heavy frosting piled on and the dryness of the batter.  The Guava Delight is an exception because it's a light and moist fruit chiffon cake.Today, my BF brought a 9" or 10" round Guava Delight to my parents' house as a sort of "get well" present for me.  Everyone at my house loved it!  My sister took an extra slice with her to go and wanted to take some more home but NUH-UH...I had to draw the line now and stop sharing --it's MINE!
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2005,7/5/2006,64,598,17,2,2>One night about 8 years ago I decided to confront my demons and go drinking with my first "thank Christ I didn't marry the *****" fiancee.  By this time she was an ex ya know but she was in town and I was looking for some ... companionship.  Sad but true, these things happen from time to time.  We end up here and when I'm at the bar getting our drinks this blonde in a red dress swaggers up to me and drawls in my ear "I'm so drunk."  Now that's a mating call if I ever heard one and this blonde is filling out her dress so nicely it's leaving very little to my imagination but I'm with the dragon lady and trying to keep her happy and not have her breathe fire on my backside so I point the blonde (who actually seemed pretty blasted) in the direction of some other guy (chosen at random) while I hurried back to the girl who could scratch my itch.  Ultimately nothing happened, she passed out, I felt relieved, and ended up alone again but probably better off at the end.  In retrospect then I'm lucky I took her here because the drinks were really, really strong.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2005,7/4/2006,173,553,2,3,4>The Flying Fish Grill is a tiny roadside shack that stands on the intersection where Hwys 92 and 1 meet.  I might have skipped this altogether, were it not for my desire to try all things Half Moon Bay in honor of today's Pumpkin Festival--by the way, leave your house no later than 7:30 AM if you're trying to make it to Pumpkinfest.  I don't care where you're coming from--remember--7:30AM.  The throngs of people dragging errant kids with one hand and swigging beer with the other are somehow more tolerable earlier rather than later in the day--perhaps because there's less of them.  Anyway, the best thing about Flying Fish Grill is the crabby cheesy bread, which is dungeness crab and melted cheese atop a toasted focaccia.  The crab supreme sandwich served between 2 pieces of what was billed on the menu as sourdough but suspiciously tasted like Wonder, was overpriced at $11.25.  Try the various assortment of fish tacos, as these are local faves.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2006,7/2/2006,293,735,2,3,1>If you can get over the initial STENCH of the place (it's alive and well), I'm sure you'll find it easy to like Pet Club. Everything is SO much cheaper than other pet stores. Designer hamster food from a boutique shop in Belmont: $8.99Identical hamster food from Pet Club: $3.99
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2006,7/1/2006,118,426,4,6,6>I really don't care what anyone says. This was a good place to grow up, meet some of my very best life long friends, & love of my liffffffe. Corny I know, but don't hate. I have much to say about this place.As for me... I got nothing but love for my hometown. I moved to Milpitas sometime in the middle of kinder from San Jose. I went through k-12 in the same house in the same school district. Yeah, I had it easy. I know A LOT of people hate on their hometown because of all the people that never left... i.e. the never-fail "high school reunions" at dnbs/any club-bar in downtown san jose" on thursday or friday nights, but thats totally different. Thats just everyone acting like they're better than where they came from. BUT... lets be real, if you grew up in a nice city, met people who made an impact on your life, and were fortunate enough to see what else the world had to offer because of your upbringing... then this was a good place, still is...Milpitas... even though you stink sometimes, you're still home.Places of honorable mention: we got the one of the first In N' Outs around at the time (after Gilroy), Cal Skate, Golfland, Gill or Cardoza Park, endless Asian food choices, etc. etc.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2005,6/30/2006,87,177,5,3,2>One word: wow! (is that an actual word?)Whoever decorated this place knew what (s)he was doing. It has both a very traditional asian feel (not exactly Japanese) and a very modern feel to it. Very welcoming. The staff was friendly and helpful, the food excellent, and be bill rather small. I wish they were closer by.One of the things we had here was soft shell crap. I hadn't seen this on a menu since I had it for the first time about 6 or 8 years ago. Well, some sushi places put it inside their rolls, but you really need to eat this by itself. Soft shell crap is amazing. They serve it ever so slightly battered and fried just right, but with a soy-based dipping sause that was too salty for our tastes. The sushi was not only very good, but also beautiful.We got there rather early and could be seated right away at the bar, but this seems like a place that has long waiting lists. They do take reservations, though.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2006,6/29/2006,222,202,4,3,4>I was recently mentioning the Runner's High to someone and thought that I need to drop a review on this place. I got into running about three years ago, and a friend highly recommended this store. I made the drive down to Los Altos and it was totally worth it!The person who helped me asked a ton of questions, did some measurements of my feet, observed how I walked without shoes, etc. He then recommended that I try on three pairs of shoes (not at the same time, which would just be weird) and do some jogging in their parking lot while he observed my gait. I ended up buying a pair of shoes that fit me like a glove, and have been buying the same shoes ever since.Okay, at this point I need to mention that I'm not built like a runner, and the following conversation I had with a friend last year shows this (trust me, this is going somewhere):Him: 'Dude, how was your weekend?"Me: 'Cool. I went for a long run because I'm training for my first half marathon.'Him: (chuckles, slowly shakes head)Me: 'What the hell's so damn funny?'Him: 'No offense dude, but you don't look like the type of guy who runs a half marathon.'Me: 'Damn, you're right! Pass me that box of ding dongs, wouldja?'(Okay, I did not utter that final comment...I also didn't beat my buddy down for clowning me about the half marathon)Right now you're probably thinking that this has nothing to do with the Runner's High, but it does...I shared the above conversation to emphasize that they found the perfect shoe for me despite the fact that I don't have the prototypical runner's body, and this made my experience all the more impressive.Check out this store, especially if you're thinking about getting into running! A good pair of shoes goes a long way towards reducing the risk of injury...
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2006,6/28/2006,459,979,,3,5>Dr Patricia Rogers is the best OB/GYN! She's professional and personable. You can tell she really cares about her patients. She even has a wall decorated with pictures of all the little ones she's delivered...aww!
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,6/11/2013,289,712,4,14,12>This restaurant just opened, so my husband and I stopped by to check out the menu. Their menu offers a variety of korean fusion items like nachos with kim chi, korean burritos, kalbi with a pear marinade, etc. We weren't planning on getting anything but because everything sounded so good, we decided to try a couple things. We didn't have time to eat there so we got a bulgogi burrito and a kimchi po boy to go.Out of the two, we really enjoyed the burrito. The meat was really tasty and the rice was very fluffy and had a great consistency. The burrito was also a great price for the portion size. We were disappointed they messed up a couple minor things though. They forgot to put the guacamole on the side like we asked. They also forgot to give us a side of kimchi, which they offered, since they ran out of kimchi fried rice. It's understandable though since they're so new and probably need a little time to work out a few kinks. The po boy was not as impressive. The fish and kimchi was flavorful but the bread was too thick. It came with gangnam fries which were just okay. We were hoping they'd be more unique, but they tasted like cajun fries. Overall the food was pretty good and we're excited to try other items. The owners and staff were especially nice and friendly which also make us want to go back.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,6/10/2013,894,377,12,15,11>$1 chicken hearts and $2 lamb kabobs?!! Holy moly I hit the jack pot! After trying Gaku Yakitori and blowing my eyeballs out of my sockets, I have to say FT BBQ is a big money saver for those who like yakitori (meat on a skewer). Although they are not japanese owned, this little chinese spot is a nice new hidden gem. The variety of meats you can eat on a stick are delicious and super inexpensive! I loved the chicken hearts, lamb, gizzards, and combination chow mein. Between 4 girls including myself, we had 12-15 skewers all together plus 2 beers, corn, and chow mein for under $50!  We really had our tummy filled up after eating all of this and tossed in the sticks. They open late which is GREAT! CASH ONLY!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,6/9/2013,296,182,6,8,8>One of my favorite go-to places to get some nice cardio and big booty workout!  It's a beautiful view - day and night - peering over San Jose, and it really is a sight.  I think what I love most is that, I can come here at 11 PM at night, and feel SAFE working out on my own.  I love the fresh air and the breeze especially at night!  The neighborhood is nice and well lit, and if you're going from the top to bottom between all the stairs, I think it's about 200 steps each way?  I'll try to do a more accurate count next time I come haha.I feel a bit bad for the residents of the neighborhood though since there's always so many people day and night, so visitors... please keep the place clean and be mindful/considerate of the people that live here.  Keep it down and don't leave your trash around!  I'd like to be able to continue working out here!  c:
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,6/8/2013,436,200,7,15,9>Had a fan-freakin-tastic experience here the other day!Was so stoked to see that there was a new restaurant in Cupertino! Had to give this place a try. Located right next to Lee's Sandwich, this place was a little hard to find because it has another name up (I'm guessing it was the restaurant before). Order up at the counter and wait for your food. Menu is posted on the wall and very simple.Ordered:Falafel Platter - Served perfectly cooked falafel balls over rice and a side salad. This was REALLY GOOD. Quite possibly the best falafel I've ever had! It was perfectly hard on the outside, but not too crispy. The inside was so moist and soft, but not too dense. The rice was just mouthwatering... so delicious! I was unaware this platter didn't come with pita bread, so I regret not ordering a side :(The great thing about this place is that you can tell the lady working here really cares about customer satisfaction. She was so sweet and welcoming, it warmed my heart :0) I asked her if the sauce the platter came with was vegan and she said no, but that if I gave her some time, she'd whip something up for me!! SO FREAKIN' AWESOME! The fresh made sauce she made was really good. I drenched every bite with it. Thank you lady, for taking the time to do that for me!!This place is a bite small. Less than 10 tables here, but it's a great lunch spot!Food may not be 5 stars, but the service definitely gives this place the extra oomph :P Highly recommend!
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/7/2013,536,185,14,15,13>I cannot believe it took me so long to discover this place! But seriously... Toppings Tree?! I thought they were a pizza joint. Possible name change in their future perhaps? But anyway, what a great intro to filipino food!Host was super friendly! He recognized that it was our first time trying Filipino food out and made some great recommendations for us. Brought our food/drinks/bill in a timely manner and was very easy to flag down when we had to leave in a hurry. I think his attitude made the dining experience so much more awesome!Calamari Appetizer - love!!! I've been looking for a place that serves good fresh calamari and I have FINALLY found it! They give you a sweet and sour sauce and vinegar on the side and it tastes phenomenal dunked in vinegar! This was the hosts recommendation and we were super happy with it, devoured the whole plate between 3 girls in about 5 minutes (we were starved) .Pancit Miki Bihon - Thin rice noodles + thick egg noodles. I never expected this combination to work, but it did! I loved adding their little side soy sauce/garlic sauce mixes to my noodles just to try them out and make my food extra tangy. The portions are really big though, be prepared to take some home or share!BBQ NY Steak - get this with java rice!! I loooooooove that rice! And the gravy on the steak was really interesting, it took me a few minutes to get used to it, but I liked it! All their food is on the tangy side instead of spicy, but it seems to work really well. Bistek Tagalog - addicting. That's all I can say. All their meat is cooked to perfection and seasoned really well. I'm so sad that I live so close to this place. It's going to make me fat.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,6/6/2013,490,412,11,11,11>This is the quintessential round orifice in a panel separating rooms, aka hole in the wall.IF you're low on cash and want something filling without sacrificing food quality, this Indian buffet is the place for you.  The spartan surroundings, good food, and efficient service makes me keep coming back just about every week.Small selection of veg and non veg is a letdown, but hey...did i say it's affordable?  Don't miss Thursday for goat curry.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,6/5/2013,293,44,44,55,43>I have a special place in my heart for ABC.Now that I've received the Dukedom (knock on wood), I'll give y'all a celebratory breakdown of all the tried-and-true yummies that ABC has to offer in order from "blah" to "diabetes":Mint slushie: Slightly sweet, mostly sour. Tastes like how a lemonade slushie would, after brushing your teeth.Avocado smoothie: Although it's their most popular drink... Not a fan. The avocado is a wild child fruit that wants to be butter, and needs to be tamed with the perfect amount of ice and sweetened condensed milk. The trademark creamy factor is there--the drink is extremely thick--but it's not sweet enough for me.Bubble milk tea: Pretty standard. Comparable to New Hwong Kwok's $1 milk tea in the same plaza. Their saving grace is ABC's trademark perfectly cooked pearls.Taro smoothie: My favourite from the get-go! Creamy, sweet goodness. (Bonus: they use real taro! Yay!!) Enjoy. With a friend... or not.Taro coconut smoothie: The toasted coconut flakes lend a boost of suga for an extra boost of energy for that dreaded midweek slump. Ladies, this one's ace for breakup/PMS drink therapy.Cookies and cream smoothie: Where my Oreo lovas at?! Bring some floss along, 'cause the cookie bits will find their way into every. single. little. crack and crevice of your oral cavity. No joke.Coconut smoothie: For those days when you have not a singular sweet tooth, but 32 sweet teeth. Real talk, y'all.Cashiers are friendly, owners are more-than-accommodating, and the crowd generally doesn't loiter.ABC does take card (via Square). Remember to ask for a stamp card. =)
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,6/4/2013,853,359,19,22,27>I'm pretty sure Treatbot is being considered for sainthood. It provides miracles on the daily. I guarantee if you're having a bad day Treatbot can miraculously turn it around. You step up to that truck, take a whiff of that yummy treasure that lies within and a smile will start to form. Ask for a sample if you'd like, or just go with a scoop of the 408 (caramel, fudge, Oreos, and that feeling you get when you snuggle with a puppy) and one of Eastside horchata (it's the flavor of finding $20 in an old jacket you haven't worn in years). I dare you to order these two and frown afterward. Next time you're in San Pedro Square you MUST try it out!!
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,6/3/2013,282,253,11,10,8>I read some of the reviews, and quite frankly, I was scared. Do I really want to go here after hearing this guy is simply ... mean? Well, at least I'm informed about this man, so I know what to expect.I walk in the door, and see a man that looks somewhat gruff. I hear him speaking with another customer, he's not mean, but just ... curt. I hear his accent, and ask where he is from. "Russia,"  he answers as he grabs my keys. NOW I get it! Let's put all this in perspective; go to YouTube, and type in "Meteor hits Russia" -- and you too will understand what I am talking about. Come on, have you seen those videos? Even better, go to cracked.com and type in "5 Meteor Videos That Prove Russians Don't Give a F#@k"  I think everyone needs to take a lesson on how to react in case of an emergency. Russians are freaking cool!He just has mannerisms that some people are not used to ~ so therefore, some have considered him *rude* -- and trust me ... I get it. But give the guy a break -- he's really a nice guy -- but just ... dry.I hand him two oddball keys that I have spent years trying to find someone to make a copy of. One of my keys happens to be really complicated, so he tells me that I need to find the locksmith that made this key, since this locksmith is the only one with the original mold. Bummer. The other one was a no brainer for him, he made me two copies in under two minutes.The price, $9 for 2 keys, and I don't know if that's good or bad.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,6/2/2013,376,238,14,16,15>3am, couldn't get to sleep.  I had exhausted my options to kill boredom on both Facebook and Instagram - next best option was perusing Groupon.  I don't have a boyfriend and I definitely am not married, so I am blaming delirium for prompting me to purchase the boudoir photo session. Next morning: Oh God. WTH did I buy!?!  Where and in what world did I think THAT was a good idea to buy?What I don't blame delirium for, is what turned out to be a really fun photo session with Teresa ("T").OMG, emphasis on omg and a little 'lol'. Anyone that knows me knows that it is difficult to get me in two piece bikini in public (one pieces are way cooler anyway - it allows you eat pizza poolside) let alone seductively lay around in lingerie for a photographer to snap photos of me. T was exactly the type of person I would have wanted to take photos of me throughout the whole thing. She has a really commanding personality so throughout the session you're not really thinking about anything other than her directions. I felt like I was in my own bedroom just trying on different clothes.  Also, there wasn't any awkward hand holding "are you going to be ok my dear" pep talks - which for whatever reason made the whole experience a lot more natural. What she does do is give you quite the confidence boost for the day - she had me leave thinking I had the best little bun in the whole wide world ;) There is a four step process to get the photos done.  1. Consultation - showing you around her studio and setting up the actual date and time for the photo session. **note: I've seen a bunch of boudoir photos before from different places, and there are some extremely tacky photos people like getting done, so if you are particular about how you want your photos to look (I am) she asks and is open to you to send her along some examples of what you do like.2. Photo Session - obviously depends on her schedule but I had this about two weeks after the consultation.3. Viewing Session - looking at all the photos and picking what you want. Again this is about two weeks after the consultation.4. I've been told you wait about 3-4 weeks after your viewing session, then the prints finally are ready for you to pick up.So it's now been a few weeks since I had the photo session with T and I've seen all the photos. In short - I first blushed, threw my hands up over my face then allowed myself to peek threw my fingers at the photos again. T did an amazing job the photos are perfect.  Trust her, she knows how to photograph you and capture the moment tastefully right :)
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,6/11/2014,553,122,4,12,8>I've been going here for one whole year now and I can honestly say this is the one of the most friendly and versatile (in terms of style) optometry stores in the bay area. They have a few doctors doing eye exams, and many employees who are out helping you select the right pair of glasses. The brands range from Prada to Coach to Raybans to Guess to Boss. Anything you name, they probably have it! For me, what made me feel like VIP was when my sales rep walked around with me at the shop for about 30 minutes trying to help me pick out the right pair of glasses. I had described the style I wanted to her and asked her if she has something similar. She looked at cases and cases of glasses, not minding that I wanted to try on all different pairs. Finally, I found the right pair of glasses and I was so satisfied and could not have done it without her help. She even gave me an extra $10 off ;) Unlike my last optometrist, the optometrist there was very helpful too and very honest. It really seemed like he knew his stuff and actually gave me the right prescription! I used to be -1.75 on both sides, but now after his examination I am -1.50 on one side! I'm hoping that this means my vision improved and not that I have been wearing the wrong prescription of the past 2.5 years -________- After I did my exam and picked out my pair of glasses, they were able to get my prescription done within 1.5 hours! How exciting is that! I just walked around the mall until I was able to pick them up. Just FYI, they do take eye insurance from many different companies. With insurance, you will probably be able to get around ~$200 off. Very worth it imo! Looks like this will be my new optometry place from now on!
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/10/2014,122,81,12,13,15>+1 Star for the use of space smack dab in the middle of a neighborhood.+1 On the wide size sidewalks that start at the front the park and lead to the back  of the park and continue on to John W Christian Greenbelt.+1 A  large mass of green space for many groups to play on simultaneously.+1  Clean and landscaping and grass area's are opposite of surly.+1  For area dedicated to sports activities like Tennis(practice area too) also play handball w/ hand and blue ball, basketball, volleyball, baseball field w/ bleachers...Tally that up for a grand sum 5 warm whooping deserving stars Sunnyvale!They also have a small and outdated Community center towards the kids play area by the big Yellow Rings. Also with a bulletin board for with useful information nearby. 2 pairs of bathrooms in case a kid or adult has an accident. A gazebo with cement benches with a nice view of the entire LW Park.Fire pit is a permit deal. Pretty much have to ask the city for permission to light up.One thing I have noticed recently is that everyone has a dog in this area! Activities I love to participate in here are meditation, take pictures, bicycle, mentos and diet coke, flag football, try 2 handstand and fail miserably hahaha, people watch...Overall would say I like this place and would highly recommend it to others.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,6/9/2014,1,101,9,13,10>Great first experience in a real Japanese izakaya place. I never ventured out to more than just sushi, rolls and teriyaki, but my recent visit to Tanto show me how versatile Japanese cuisine really is. From the front, it didn't look much, small waiting area but inside it feels cozy and  warm with wooden benches and rooms are divided with traditional Japanese noren. In addition to that our server speak little English which add to the authenticity of this place. The menu can be intimidating as not only are the dishes listed in Japanese, but the amount of choices is just overwhelming. *yaki onigiri: the most memorable dish I had that night, the crust was crunchy and the soya glazed make it taste much more flavorful. *chicken gizzards: one of the interesting grilled meat offered at this place. It was not bad, I enjoyed the the flavor and the texture of the gizzards. *sashimi: fresh and it was cut thick. I love that they don't skimmed on the portion. Overall, It was a great experience eating at Tanto, the interesting food and nice laid back ambiance are the reasons to venture to Sunnyvale for a nice meal and to unwind. (they have a nice selection of Japanese beer and sake as well!)
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,6/8/2014,93,135,8,13,9>Happy Hour @ RB = AwesomeMy bf and I ate here last Thursday before seeing a Cirque du Soleil show and we wanted to eat before blowing our money on overpriced popcorn. Luckily, it was happy hour at the time so I guess you can call it perfect timing. We got seated at a booth and a waiter came by and introduced himself. We asked him if happy hour was strictly at the bar and he confirmed that it was and he sent us there. It was pretty busy for a Thursday afternoon. I guess people were already getting ready for President's Day weekend. A girl named Ginger (who is the cutest Irish girl with the prettiest red hair I've ever seen in my entire life) was our server. She was very bubbly and was very attentive. She put our drinks in really quick and we got them pretty fast. When the bartender(?) gave us our drinks my bf asked her if we could place our order with her since Ginger wasn't around. She said it was totally fine and got our food down to the T without even writing it down. Cool points for that chick. I ordered a 2AM burger (again) while my boyfriend got some kind of burger with BBQ sauce. We had guacamole and tortilla chips for an appetizer which was pretty frickin' tasty if you ask me. Our burgers came out tasting so good. Mine was juicy with the egg and hash brown in it. I had a Long Island iced tea to pair with my meal and I could've sworn it didn't taste strong at all, but when we got to the car, I knew I was a lil' tipsy...Service was great, although waiting for our burgers took a while, but we weren't complaining too much. We'll be back!
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,6/7/2014,426,165,12,23,12>I brought my friend here for a dinner date before our Christmas in the Park adventure, and boy oh boy, I have to say... I chose a great restaurant for once! -------------------------------------------[Atmosphere/ Decor]Very modern and oh so classy. If you want to have an intimate time with your guest, make sure you ask for the booth! Their lighting during dinner time was very romantic, it was set at just the right amount of dim; can't get any more romantic than this people![Food] With the help of our waiter, we ordered:Appetizer: - Ahi Tuna Tartare: This appetizer is mixed, chopped, and prepared right in front of you! It was absolutely delicious! The Tuna was fresh, and the peppers and the hint of mint was literally dancing in my mouth. - Complimentary Duck fries Trio with three dipping sauces: Yum! It was nice, crispy, and with three different types of fries and sauces to choose from.Main Course: -Alaskan Black Cod- The cod was nicely cooked to the point where the insides were nice and moist, and not overcooked. It was just the right amount of sweet from the glazed honey and glazed sake; it was amazing! My friend and I was trying so hard to find out what the other item on our plate was, and we later found out it was Daikon Radishes, which was very delicious. -Australian Wagyu Hanger Steak: Tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked at medium rare; just the way I like it! I chose the Pinot Noir Bordelaise sause, which was "lick my lips" good; you can also choose the other types of sauces they have, but if you haven't tried this particular sauce, you must! Side dish:Also, the Wagyu menu item is an A La Carte, so it's all by it's lonesome. So what we decided to order is the:-Brussels Sprouts Side: I know what most of you are thinking, Brussels Sprouts? Yuck... Well not this! The sliced Brussels sprouts, Parmesan cheese, and tasty Potato bits went extremely well together. The Brussels sprouts weren't soft, nor was it hard, but actually perfectly cooked. The bitterness from the Brussels sprouts were perfectly balanced off by the hint of seasoning, which gave it the finishing touch.[Drinks]-Red Wine- Cabernet Sauvignon: To go with the Australian Wagyu.-White Wine- Sauvignon Blanc: To go with the Alaskan Black Cod.[Service]Exceptional! We gave our waiter complete rights to our menu decisions for the night, and every single item he chose was absolutely amazing. Most of the time when I let our waiter or waitress pick our course, it's always a little off, but not here; everything was perfect to our liking! The service on top of that was very professional, and he was friendly enough to help us find the hours for Christmas in the Park! ----------------------------------------------Arcadia is definitely a restaurant worth returning to. It's romantic setting, amazing food, and exceptional service is perfect for any special occasions, to even first dates.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,6/6/2014,1071,862,10,15,12>Things my husband loves at Puerto Azul: GuacamoleChips and salsaCarne asada burritosChavelasThings my kids love at Puerto Azul: HorchataBeansQuesadillasRiceSeafoodThey do all of these well here! Puerto Azul is one of our usual haunts for all of the above. I'm not usually a fan of burritos, but I love the carne asada here. It's crispy , just like my daddy grills it. My son loves the quesadillas, and dipping his chips into the beans and rice.  He even loves the salsa! If you love seafood, they have good shrimp cocktail and do an amazing aquachile con camarones (my babygirl's fave). Try it with the verde sauce. Ah-May-ZING!The only slight issues that I have are the bathrooms and service on occasion. My tips: Be careful in the bathrooms because I have almost slipped a few times due to water on the ground.If you have a big party, try to arrange seating ahead of time because they can get pretty packed. They are quick to fix things here if you have an issue, which is cool. Communication is key! Indoor seating with plenty of ventilation, and a lovely outdoor patio with TV's to catch your favorite sports games. You may even catch mariachis here from time to time.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,6/5/2014,109,342,7,15,11>Had such a positive experience at the Super Duper Yelp Elite event, and was still hungry, that I came inside and got my dinner from them as well.Everyone we had experienced at the Elite event was cheery, friendly, and helpful.  That went a long way in terms of my deciding to get dinner from them.But don't let that fool you into thinking the food wasn't fantastic...it was!  Nice beefy flavor in the burger, as it should be.  Not drowned out by sauce or toppings.  Fresh-looking and tasting toppings nonetheless.  Good and proportionate bun.  Garlic fries are amazing.Tips from the wonderful staffers at the Elite event:1) You can request that they cook your burger a particular way, though the standard appears to be medium-medium well.  I forgot I had this option, but the medium well is just fine...tender and delicious and still moist, though when I remember I'd go mid-rare personally.2) Spiked shakes are spiked with soju.  I forget how much in the standard shake, but it's in the background flavor wise, which is a good thing in my book.My only wish is that I didn't have to go to the mall to get my fix!  I hate with a passion crowded places like malls and only go when I have to.  But it's a small price to pay for delicious burgers, fries and shakes!  And with such friendly accommodating staff, you can bet I'll be back sooner rather than later!
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,6/4/2014,559,389,13,17,15>Three words: BURNT ALMOND CAKEHaving tried the burnt almond cake at Peter's Bakery, I was always curious as to how it tasted at Dick's Bakery given the back story. I stumbled upon the bakery was Ken L. and I were going out for brunch at Cafe San Jose over the weekend. While we ere waiting to get seated, we decided to check out Dick's Bakery a couple doors down. Unlike Peter's Bakery, it wasn't busy inside at all with multiple customers being helped at once. In fact, we were the only two inside. We ordered an 8" burnt almond cake ($15). I think it's about $0.50 more at Peter's Bakery. While both burnt almond cakes from both locations are almost identical in taste and appearance, I do prefer the burnt almond cake from Peter's Bakery. I think the almonds here had a more sweetened glaze and there didn't seem to be as many almonds. Also, it was a bit sweeter. The cake and cream frosting was still light and airy... just the way I like it. Overall, you can't go wrong with getting a burnt almond cake here. I'll have to try their other baked goods another time. On a plus side, they accept credit cards here!
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,6/3/2014,63,103,10,16,12>My family and I love hiking in this park.  There are many trails, mostly shaded by redwoods.  Beautiful on an overcast or drizzly day!We recently went hiking on a trail just outside the park.  It is at mile marker .7 on your left hand side when you turn into Sanborn Rd.It was free to park since we weren't technically inside the park.The trail we took runs along the river and even crosses it a few times.  You have to jump on rocks or walk across logs to get across so I do not recommend this trail for anyone who can't do that. There are several trails branching off of this main one, but if you follow the river it is about a 1.5 hour hike before the trail dead ends.Be sure to look at the ground so you don't step on any newts, salamanders or banana slugs.Beautiful, fun hike.  We will definitely take it again.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,6/2/2014,361,111,8,18,10>Food: 3.5, hit or miss but good for the most part.Service: 4, adequate, but not particularly personable, felt routine.Decor/ambience: 4.5, fancy but casual, in a very early 2000's kind of way (zebra print seats and "vintagey" damasque patterns on the walls), and dark, so very dark that I couldn't navigate to the restrooms.I've been wanting to try this place out because I loooove fondue. The bf very thoughtfully snagged a livingsocial deal for the Le Freak combination for two for $135. A great price for the enormous amount of food we were about to experience.The Le Freak combination included:1. salad of choice2. appetizer fondue with cheese of choice3. a vast array of meats with your choice of cooking method for the entree4. dessert fondue of choice5. a bottle of wineOur four cheese mushroom fondue arrived quickly after our salads so we opted to enjoy the delicious hot fondue and take our salads to go. The cheese fondue was rich and delicious, with a deliciously mushroomy compote mixed in. It came with complimentary sourdough bread, and veggies (apples, potatoes, roasted garlic, tomatoes, broccoli, pearl onions, etc.) to dip in. We managed to finish the whole pot of cheese with an extra complimentary serving of bread and garlic. So good.My chef salad was delicious even though I only got a few bites in before boxing it up. The mozzarella was fresh and the lettuce and veggies were crunchy and fresh as well. The spinach salad... not so much, it was overwhelmed by feta cheese, more cheese than veggies, even... making it pretty mushy and unappealing.The glorious meat platter entree! It had probably 30 different types of meats ranging from chicken, pork, beef, exotic meats, to seafood. We opted to grill our meats. Would have chosen the lobster broth cooking option if it wasn't $20 extra. It's too bad not all the meats were tasty. Many were over salted, tough, gamey, or inedible for me, and I am not a picky eater. I suppose it's a good opportunity to try alligator, antelope, bison, and elk though. I enjoyed the various marinated chicken and seafood (ahi, mahi, prawns, crab claws, halibut, and lobster) the most. And the wagyu beef too.I almost quite literally passed out during the entree, there was just so much food and so much wine. I boxed up the last meats that I couldn't finish, and passed a few of the undesirable ones to the bf for him to finish off. :) Then onto dessert, which of course there's always room for no matter how full you are from the main course!The chocolate fondue was delicious, we chose a mix of dark chocolate and milk chocolate with espresso and kahlua mixed in. It came with a platter of fruits and pastries. The bf loves cream puffs and asked for some extra, and they brought him 4 more! Even for a guy who doesn't love chocolate, he sure did like the dessert fondue. I am a chocolate lover and I could've eaten the whole pot if the restaurant wasn't already closing and cleaning up.All in all, La Fondue was definitely worth a try, but I think I would go for just a cheese fondue and dessert fondue next time. The meat platter is glorious but overrated (and a lot of work to cook yourself the whole time).
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,10/17/2007,177,343,11,11,12>Wow!! Everything I've tried here is AWESOME!!! I stopped in for lunch with a coworker and got the croque monsier sandwich. Best fancy grilled ham and cheese ever!! Then onto the real star, dessert!! I had a flourless chocolate raspberry cake that was out of this world good! I got a lil something for a girl and, well, she thanked me appropriately. Guys, this stuff is better than flowers! ;)
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,10/16/2007,121,204,9,7,5>The next time I came down to Mountain View to work, I swore on the el pollo burrito demi-gods that I would come to this place.That time was last week when I had to go down to MV because a user couldn't boot up there computer and swore that no floppy disk was in the drive... baka!!It was lunch time and my office is roughly 10 mins of walk... why drive? I got there around 1pm and there was about 2 person in front of me. Sneaky ninja I am, i listened to what they ordered to..White Cauasian #1: "I would like a Super Burrito, no cheese, extra rice, and extra carne asada"Receipt Lady: "Okay sure, here you go, pay at the front"Here's what was going through my mind: "Super Burrito, good. Cheese, bad. Rice and meat good."The second white causasian stepped up to the plate and said.. "I too want a burrito, but not super, with no beans and no meat"Geez, one person said they want super and the other person not... whats goiing on here... My turn.. "Super burrito with cheese, mild salsa, refried beans, and carne asada".Walked back 10 mins to work and the burrito was still warm unlike the other burrito place next door... i passed on the chips this time... The burrito was hot, yuummy and salllty... but I ate it all, and it was about as salty as say if you finished a Chipotle burrito by yourself, but whatevers, its good and I'm asian so I am sodium tolerant thank you very much.Another "Thank you very much" goes out to Yelpers! this burrito was the bomb! Both in my mouth and in the restroom at work! Luckily I am the only guy at the office so it's not that bad in the restroom.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2007,10/15/2007,27,25,13,8,7>Hot dogs are my thing.  Insert joke here.  I've had great ones (see my review of Pink's).  And some very bad ones (I won't waste my time reviewing Wienerschnitzel).  My digestive tract quakes at the thought of my last trip to that precursor to praying at the porcelain God.I've read great things about this place.  I show up at the address I have written down.  All I see is a 7-11 and this great bagel place.    I can smell hot dogs in the air.  It's got to be here somewhere.  Then there in the corner.  In what would be called the diviest of dive bars if they sold booze, was Top Dog!  It's a tiny place.  There are four college kids sitting around the "kitchen/cash register."  I look up at the menu which is clipped to the exhaust above the stove. Now I called the place a dive, but it's a clean dive.   I order the Polish Sausage or Kielbasa.  The guy working there was nice and very professional.  Why he isn't bartending at some university watering hole, I don't know.  He seemed kinda out of place there to me.  Anyway, I paid him my $2.75.  As I am waiting for him to cook my dog I look around the place.  I walk to the back.  I walk to the side.  Hey, there's an outside dining area.  I walk back up front.  That took about 15 seconds.  Did I tell you the place was small?After a couple of minutes the hot dog maker guy calls me.  He hands me a piece of bread wrapped in paper.  Uh, ok, but where's the dog?  Something smells fantastic.  It's coming from my piece of bread.  There buried in side a not so big piece of bread, is the tinyest hot dog I have ever seen!  It's the kind of dog that if women saw it, they would say, "aww, that's so cute."Well I put some mustard on it and take a bite.  Oh God!  I'm giving up sex and just eating Top Dog Polish Sausages from now on. Insert second joke here.  Wow.  That is flavorful.I now know what they mean when they say, "size doesn't matter."  Not that anyones ever said that to me.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2007,10/14/2007,1260,803,5,10,9>100% SUPREME SUSHI ! ! !One fact about me.  I have never been a big fan of sushi.   I can't get full off a rolled up rice with small pieces of fish in a seaweed wrap.    I'm over 200 pounds man!   I can eat about 15 pieces and still have a bento box.    But Jeremy was determined to change my mind as we dined for dinner back in 08/07/2007.    This is like sushi on steroids!   See our attached pictures.Recommends (for heavy diners):- King Of The Sea Roll - Green Sea Horse Roll- Sweet Baby Roll- Dill Atlantic Roll- Crazy Sea Horse Roll- Bay Watch Roll
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2007,10/12/2007,632,224,11,14,14>Kaygetsu will either be one of the most:(a) eternally searing, long-suffering 2-4 hours of your god-forsaken life; or (b) delightfully exquisite, palette-exhilarating adventures to which you hope there is no end.  While the odds are greatly in favor of the latter, dinner may be something sort of what I would liken to Chinese water torture should you choose the seven-course Kaiseki menu (which changes seasonally) among a party consisting of any and especially all of the following persons:  the new spanish inquisition otherwise known as your future in-laws, interrogators of your relationship status otherwise known as your family (i.e., parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, pets...), or that rare breed of litigators and bankers who love to hear themselves talk and because of their ASSiduous monologuing this prevents them from taking bites at a socially acceptable rate which further leads to the delay of your table's next plate / course until kingdom come.  As a safety measure, it might also be wise given the temperate pace of the full course to not meet someone here for the first time.  Exchanging pleasantries between extended pauses has an awkward factor of 8 (minutes) Is Enough.  But sometimes, the day throws little surprises, 3+ hours passes in the blink of an eye and reticence was but a cursory concern.  Then again, it's hard not to have SOMETHING to discuss when art is placed before you.  The Summer 2007 menu is such a thoughtful, balanced preparation of colors and textures that I found it almost too beautiful to eat:1. Hamo eel and summer vegetables w/ ume plum dressing - slimy, cool and crunchy paired with sours2. Sashimi - the kampachi was very nice and the chefs created an uni-miso dressing which was absolutely terrific3. Grilled Suzuki (sea bass), salted and grilled manganji pepper w/ dried bonito and yama momo berry - salty and tart, I would never have come up with that combination4. Horse mackerel deep fried and marinated in vinegar and adorned with ribbons of ginger and flower cut carrots, bite-size (and in my opinion the perfect size) toro nigiri the texture of butter with a drop of hot mustard, amaebi with mountain caviar, and a slightly bitter gelatin5. Stewed pork belly with daikon, string beans, roasted baby corn, Japanese mustard and saffron served in a refined broth6. Gohan mono with cooked octopus, red miso soup and assorted pickled vegetables7. Gelatin mold of fresh fruits in anglaise sauceThe food and paired sake were amazing, and fortunately for me, my company was too!  Thanks Keiko-san!  Thanks Daniel-san!
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2007,10/11/2007,98,207,5,8,6>Deepa made me promise her to never touch my brows again. You see, I'm a victim of overplucking. I don't know when to put down the tweezers.She's a warm down-to-earth woman, who threads with affection. She managed to fix my brows, give me beautiful arches, and clean up whatever other injustice I had inflicted onto my brows. I left overly satisfied and I'm sure to follow up on her advice to put down the tweezers and visit her every 2-3 weeks instead.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2007,10/10/2007,217,97,7,8,7>So me and the fam are out cruising around trying to find somewhere to get a good burger, not as easy as you'd think. So i go to yelp mobile on my sidekick and put in "burgers" "San Jose" and Slider's is the first thing that comes up and It's the closest to where we were at the time so we head on over.This place is a bit on the shabby side and it's in a kinda ghetto shopping center but the lack of atmosphere takes nothing away from the kick ass food. I got a bacon cheese burger, mushroom burger for the missus, and the kids had hot dogs. Plus we ordered onion rings, fries and chili cheese fries. Everything was great with the exceptions being the onion rings which weren't bad just not too my taste, I'm not a beer batter kinda guy, and my burger was a tad bit over done, which may have been my fault. I ordered it very well done (mad cow kills, people). The hot dogs were perfect toasty bun, tasty dog. The condiment bar was great, just about everything you could want to top a burger. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2007,10/9/2007,37,206,3,5,3>I actually take the train from S.F. all the way down to San Carlos just to eat here.I don't know much about Creol food or cajun foods, but I know this place is a fucking tasty little bitch.Everything I have had there is great!I would recommend the:1. All the appitzers, Oysters En Brochette - Shrimp Bourbon Street - Crawfish Hush Puppies - Cajun Popcorn, they're nice small portions, so everyone can share a couple, that's also dependent on how hungry you are. 2. Their salads are also all good, I am partial to the Hush Puppy Caesar, but I really like crawfish.3. Big Easy- redfish entree is superb, not to overly flavored like other creol restaurants have a tendancy to do.4. Cajun Jambalaya - another great choice, but not for the weak stomach, it packs a powerful punch to the jugular.5. The Etouffee - is bomb! Really, really good crawfish dish6. I've never had any of the lunch sandwiches, but I bet they are also fantastic.7. Mardi Gras Pasta - really, really good heavier pasta with a flavourfull redish sauce and shrimp and crawfish8. Wasabi Crusted Portabella - great vege dish9. Beignets & More - finish off your meal with these, taken stright from New Orleans, and so , so yummy and light.I could go on,but I'll stop. I really like the causal, yet more elegant atmosphere of this older resaurant.  It's nice, but avoid all the snobbery you sometimes get upscale dining.  It's good for parties because of the acoustics and their wines are also pretty damn good.  If you want a chill evening in a nice spot out of the city, this is where you should go.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2007,10/7/2007,0,8,4,11,8>For san jose, this is about as good as it gets.   I think others have been to harsh with rating so i'm giving it a 5 star.  What do people expect from a local bar?  It has a cheap cover, cheap drinks and (mostly) cute girls with great bodies... just don't expect a fancy Vegas strip club.  Don't go to a bikini bar and then get pissed cause there's no nudity and give the place a 1 star! My boyfriend and i usually have our adult fun in Vegas (when we can afford it) but have gone in here a few times and we think it's a fun place to hang-out while we're in Cali.  We like to watch it's extremely mixed crowd interact.  It's not a fancy place, kinda 'divey' I guess but, you'll see everything from Intel guys in suits to college boys to hood-looking dudes.  Everyone gets along fine.  The dancers are friendly and get friendlier for tips, as expected in any environment like this.  At this bar (unlike Vegas), the dancers are tipped for chatting with you at the table instead of private dancing so, when we buy them a drink, we also remember to toss them a 5 or 10 every few songs or so depending on how much we like the girl.  As in Vegas, they work strictly on commission.  Oh yeah, on drink prices (as mentioned below)... Some dancers seem to be waitresses but there is a cute regular waitress that'll get your drinks quickly and for the same price everytime.  Our main waitress always left a reciept when we ordered.  Maybe the dancers make their own prices (as mentioned below) to make-up for guys who don't tip well!
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2007,10/6/2007,357,302,5,13,11>After Shalimar,  I went Bollywood. My sister and I have an addiction. Bollywood. Guri can't believe how well we sing Hindi songs. It's kind of being in a parallel universe. We saw Cheeni Kum---which means "Less Sugar."It actually was pretty fn hilarious. Yes, there are movies out there where they OVERREACT but this one was pretty good. I remember when this was the budget movie theater where my sister and I saw Men In Tights when we were in high school, broke, and bored living in Fremont. Now there is a man behind the counter who sells samosas and Indian Movie posters are plastered everywhere. Joy's Indian movie tips and etiquette:Indian movies are long, so there is an intermission, so if you're a girl, you gotta go past the fifty yard line while snaking through all the women droving to the bathroom. I don't know why there is a line to the bathroom. I never know, so guys, don't ask me. I don't know. All women are slower than me. I absolutely don't know what they do in there. Don't wear something low-cut. You will get the Amrish Puri staredown from the guy behind the counter. *clicky for example*bollywoodcity.com/profilDon't cuss, as much as my Irish potty mouth wants to say F-K!shhh..there's babies sleeping in the theater.....The sign clearly says don't bring drinks in, but at four dollars a samosa, get a Lassi and eat at Shalimar first. =)Tuesdays are only FIVE BUCKS! Don't hate. Have an open mind, you'll be surprised that Indian movies are pretty good. For someone addicted to a misunderstood film genre, this was very nice to see it on the big screen rather than at home on a DVD. It was like going to India but only having to go to Fremont, CA. Multiculturalism rocks!for more bollywood info: bollywhat.com/faq.html
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/11/2013,246,116,6,15,9>I don't know if anyone here is familiar with the Halal Carts found all over Manhattan, but they are extremely tasty and a crowd favorite. Now take the food at the cart and double... no TRIPLE the TASTE; that's what you get at Kabul.Food:Chef's Platter - Consists of 3 different appetizer Items.-Aushak - Onion filled dumplings - Remember to add some of that yogurt sauce.-Sambosa - This is like a crispy dumpling. My favorite of the appetizers.-Pakawra - One of my friends calls this "crack eggplant" because he loves it so much. Battered eggplant with yogurt sauce and meat, can't go wrong with that.Sea Food Combo - Consists of prawn and salmon skewers.Prawn Skewers - Jumbo prawns with light marination. Nice char-grilled taste.Salmon - Grilled salmon, tastes just as good as you think it would.Chicken Kabab -  One of my favorites, great tasting chicken that isn't too heavy.Lamb Kabab - The best lamb Kabobs on the PLANET. Nice juicy flavor sure to satisfy the needs of all.Service:The service at Kabul is always outstanding. Overall: If you're ever in the mood for a lamb kabab then DEFINITELY come to Kabul.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,12/10/2013,221,168,2,6,3>I was a bit hesitant trying this spa because there was only one review and the review was not aBout the service I was inquiring about. I decided to give it a try after all, and I am glad I did. I made an appointment with Kim for eyelash perm. I arrived 10 minutes late and she was still kind enough to still take me in with no problem. I really liked the sign on the front desk that said "be quiet, clients are relaxing." It shows that they really care about their clients. Kim was very sweet and gentle during the entire process. The rooms were small but the beds were so comfortable, I literally fell asleep during the entire process. She played relaxing soothing music in the background that made me feel so relaxed! The process took about 40 minutes and then voila my eyelashes came out so beautiful! I would definitely come back, Kim is very attentive to detail, my lashes were parted perfectly, they almost look like false lashes! I hope they last long, I will update my review in 6 weeks.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,12/9/2013,93,317,3,19,4>I was freaking nervous because I've never shot a gun before in my life, but my girlfriend was super stoked.First timers are greeted and are required to watch a 10-15 minute tutorial and safety video. We did NOT go during happy hour and it was quite expensive. They do have a wide array of semi-automatics that you can select from varying in price and recoil. The basic gun is the 9 mm glock which has the least amount of recoil and since I wasn't comfortable shooting just yet, I decided to check it out first. You must have an ID with you otherwise you can't shoot! Here's the breakdown:- $14 for a lane- $6 for an extra shooter- $1 for eye gear- $1 for ear plugs- $1 for target [depends on what target you get]- $9 for 9mm glock rental [they have different guns that are probably different prices]- $24.21 for 50 rounds of ammo-----------------------There's only a couple shooting lanes but it goes by pretty quick. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They went over basic procedures and prepared us to shoot. I expected the shells to fly sideways, but it occasionally hit me in the head :/ It is definitely a worthwhile experience and most advisable to come during their happy hour where prices are cheaper and takes place on weekdays. If you haven't shot a gun before and/or too scared, this is the perfect opportunity to do it!
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,12/8/2013,289,325,4,8,6>It's not only the delicious pizza that attracts me to Patxi's but also the woody atmosphere. You can bring a date here or even chill with your peeps. They got a full bar with a wide selection of beers. Their appetizer offerings tastes good as the their pizza. I recommend the Antipasto Plate if you like salami and cheese. If you're a bruschetta fan, the Burrata Bruschetta with pesto is pretty darn spiffy. As for the pizza, my favorite has to be the BBQ Chicken. This monster got some jalapenos that will kick you in the a**! It's spicy, juicy and hands down the deep dish to get. The Matt Cain is meaty with bold flavors and mouthwatering as well.Overall, I recommend Patxi's if you're a pizza fanatic like myself. The only drawback about this location is the lack of parking space. They got a small parking lot but I believe it's shared with the complex.**Tip - You can order ahead of time by phone if you don't want wait long for your pizza(s). It takes about 20 mins for them to make a thin crust and 30 minutes for the deep dish.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,12/7/2013,469,258,13,20,19>Oh my chocolate!I've been waiting for Cocoabella to open so I can try their goodies & I'm in love! They have beautifully crafted chocolates & so many varieties. The wall on the right side when you walk in is full of prepackaged assortments that vary from $10 - $90. The left side is a gorgeous display of individual chocolates where you can buy them individually or create your own boxes. The chocolates are displayed by countries so make sure you take a full look before you choose!Nikki helped me with my customized box & she was so helpful/patient as I made my choices. I opted for 12 pieces at $26. I chose to my heart's desire. It is really difficult to pick them because they all sound delicious and look amazing. Seriously, check out my pics for the designs!I'm so excited to try them with the bf! I'll be back for sure (:
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,12/6/2013,568,364,11,11,11>ITSS PIZZA TIMEZZZZZ.I was starving one day, literally all day, and nothing would fill me. I had no food in my house, but I tried to just make do with what I had. Cooked myself a bag of instant noodles for lunch, had hot pot later in the evening for dinner. Lots and lots of food on the table, and at moments where I would feel satisfied, I really wasn't. Frantic and eager to satisfy my stomach, I realized that I had an ultimate craving for PIZZA. I decided to look to Yelp for the answer. I HAD TO HAVE SOME PIZZA. It was 9:52p I turned on the "open now" option on the Yelp APP, all pizza places except for Fast Pizza Delivery was opened til 10p. Nervous with how the pizza might be crappy, I didn't want to order, but I'm so glad my stomach didn't let me say no. I called around 10p and ordered myself a pepperoni, sausage and jalapeño pizza. I was prancing around my house waiting for my pizza. No later than 20mins after I called, I got the call I was waiting for. I ran outside, paid, got my pizza, and then went inside my house and gazed at the pizza. It was perfect. It looked so juicy. Still hot, I grabbed a slice, and it just melted right in my mouth. I wouldn't say it was heavenly, but it was close enough. This was what I needed ALL day. And Fast Pizza Delivery was the answer. The pizza was delicious, very very delicious, and it came fast. I've called Round Tables before and I was probably 5 blocks from them but they would tell me the pizza would take 1-2hrs to be delivered. WTF?? I was so surprised that this pizza came within 20-25mins. It is deserving of its name, "Fast Pizza Delivery."
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/5/2013,405,477,8,12,13>Harbor Cafe is a reflection of everything I love about Santa Cruz.The restaurant is designed to take advantage of the coastal weather since almost all of their seating is outside on the patio. Nothing beats having one of their delicious Bloody Mary's in the sun on a Saturday morning. Plus the restaurant is covered in local art which enhances the local beach vibe. The food here is just as amazing as the local weather. The avocado benedict and tri tip omelette are particularly delicious. If you come here for lunch, be sure to order the fish tacos because they are the best you are going to find outside of San Diego. After your meal order a second Bloody Mary, relax for a bit, then head to the beach... there is no better way to start a day.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,12/4/2013,107,302,1,15,7>Lita definitely knows her brows! I called a day ahead and scheduled an appointment for my sister & I to get our eyebrows done. Lita took her time and reshaped my eyebrows completely. She also explained every step of the way exactly what she was doing. She also would ask me if it was okay to do certain actions like make my brows thinner etc. She looks at your brows through a huge magnifying lamp so she gets every single hair. She finished up my brow session with threading. They also give you little Persian snacks & tea while you wait. Lita will now be my go-to brow lady! :D
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,12/3/2013,1071,862,8,13,15>Every girl deserves to be pampered! Diva Nails is my go to spot these days. From the moment you walk through the door, you are treated like a diva. I love being spoiled with Vietnamese coffee that is offered, but that is just one of the things that keeps me coming back!   I see Jasmine for gel over my natural nails. I love how careful she is with my natural nails, and her design work is flawless. Jasmine takes a lot of pride in her work, and is detailed. She makes sure that you leave happy! If you want an amazing foot massage- ask for Queenie. She gives awesome pedicures, and is fun to chat with. The prices cannot be beat here. Keep that in mind if you want an appointment. Jasmine is very popular and books up fast. It's best to call ahead or risk waiting in line! Shout out to my girl Karin for recommending Jasmine at Diva Nails! My hands and feet have never looked better! Five star work and service. Diva for life!
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,12/2/2013,201,240,8,8,8>My daughter works in the area and was sick at work :(  Being the super mom of the year. lol I offered to take my darling awesome daughter some lunch.  She did not hesitate to say Chicken Pho !  and that when she choose Pho Tau Bay.  I know the area well this is right on the corner of 10th and Keys.  After reading some of the reviews which are so on point.  Pho soup seems to be the cure for a sickly feeling person.  Walking right in the house was packed, which is always a good sign of a good resturant !  With no one in line, cuz everyone was already seating.  I walk right up and ordered, CHICKEN PHO SOUP !  The bill was around $10 and some change.  Only sat for less than 10 minutes until a full plate with soup came.  My daugher said its was really good and tasty.  She actually felt better after eating.   After this I certainly will be back.  Quick, price is right,  plenty of portions. !
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2006,11/17/2006,253,600,3,6,4>Whole Foods: I discovered you in high school when my health conscious mother bought her own yogurt cultures from you and started her own little yogurt/bacteria farm in our kitchen.  Although the prices are on the high side for groceries, it's not as stuffy/snooty as Draegers over on Fourth Ave.  It's also the only place I know of right now that sells Helios Kefir in all sorts of flavors.  Mmm....kefir.  For those of you who don't know (I only discovered kefir myself like a month ago), it's a yummy yogurt like drink that has bunches of friendly bacteria that helps you go poo.  And nobody likes to be constipated, right? Right.  All different sorts of vitamins to choose from.  I love how their veggies and fruits aisles are so clean and everything is so fresh.  I don't mind paying the higher prices because one of my all time freak-me-outs is bruised/soggy/rotten fruit.  So I like how Whole Foods keeps 'em fresh.  They also have a wide selection of ready made soups/salads/entrees/sandwiches for you to buy and eat in Whole Foods.  Also right in the same complex as my gym, so it's convenient to hop right over to do some shopping after a workout.  Dock one star because the check out lines are ALWAYS slow.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2006,11/16/2006,401,1598,31,9,11>THE SCENE:  Buddy the dog, Me, and my Heart arrive for lunch at Amato's.  Buddy guards a nice table on the sidewalk out front while Heart and Me go to counter to order Shorty-sized cheesesteak with works, including Whiz, plus 1 order fries, and root beer.  Order arrives at counter.ME:  Holy Mother of Shaved Beef!HEART:  Omigod. (skips beat)BUDDY:  (sniff, snifff, snort)ME:  That thing is HUGE!HEART:  Please, no.  No.  Not that.  Let's get a salad.  I'll even let you have ranch.  Just not that thing.  ME:  Look at the freaking WHIZ on this thing.  HEART:  (averts eyes, beats erratically)BUDDY:  Don't look at me boss.  You know how I feel about meat and cheese, but that thing is bigger than my head.  I might fall in.ME:  Oh man, it smells like freaking heaven.HEART:  Well get used to it, because there is a sizeable chance you are going to be heading that way this afternoon if you attempt to eat that thing.ME:  Omigod, the fries are PERFECT.  Pass the ketchup.HEART:  At least the fries are technically a vegetable.  There is more meat on that sandwich than on Tony Soprano.ME:  Oh, they're PERFECT TASTING, too.  Crispy outside, fluffy potatoey inside, and I love crinkle-cut fries the best.BUDDY:  Dip one of them fries in some o' that cheez, from the sandwich, boss, and toss it down here.BUDDY:  (Inhales cheez laden fry) Damn, Poppa.  I barely tasted that one.  Give me fifteen more!HEART:  Kill the dog with cheezy fries, but spare me, please!ME:  That's it, only one for you, Portly Boy.BUDDY:  Who's calling who portly?  You eat that damn cheese steak you are going to be the size of Starr Jones and her "husband" together!ME:  Oh, man.  This cheesesteak is amazing.  The whiz, the provolone, the perfect onions, the mushrooms, the peppers.  This is what a real cheesesteak tastes like.  BUDDY:  Damn, Poppa!  You know I can't eat onions and mushrooms and peppers.  Scrape that shit off, but leave the cheez.HEART:  Scrape it all off and just eat the bun.ME:  Damn, if this is a Shorty, I'm afraid to see the guy who orders a Half, let alone a Whole.BUDDY:  I think I saw him in the back.  He had his own gravity field and a moon, and an atmosphere based on Axe deodorant was beginning to form around him.HEART:  (Attempts to shut down)  I can't take this anymore!  I love it, I hate it, make it stop, make it stop!ME:  (chews)BUDDY:  Poppa!  Quit Bogarting that cheesesteak!ME:  Buddy, this is not for dogs!BUDDY:  Listen, smartass, we were eating meat when you bastards were still scavenging berries and termites!  Hand over that cheesesteak!ME:  Not for dogs!BUDDY:  I will cut you bitch!HEART:  (makes high pitched screeching noise while attempting to climb out of chest)ME:  Oh, this makes me happy happy happy.BUDDY:  Dog torturer!  Dog torturer!  You tie me up out here hours before dinner and make me watch you and smell you eating that damn thing!!ME:  Oh, the flavors, the bread, it's like Philadelphia!BUDDY:  You prick!HEART:  You prick!ME:  (chewing, dipping, chewing, rolling eyes in ecstacy) Mmmmmmm.BUDDY:  I hate you!HEART:  I hate you!  I love cheez!  I hate cheez!  I hate you!  AUGHGHGHGHGHGHGH!And, Scene!If you love cheesesteaks, make a pilgrimage here but expect to leave behind your self respect, former waistline, and any thought of eating again for at least twelve hours.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2005,11/15/2006,32,165,5,26,5>Fred Steak rocks, but for those of us who consider Daly City to be "southern california", here is a knock-off of the Fred marinade:1-1/2     Cup Brewed Coffee1 Cup     Red Wine1/2 Cup   Olive oil1/2 Cup   Molasses1/3 Cup   Balsamic vinegar1/3 Cup   Tamari Sauce1/3 Cup   Worcestershire Sauce2 Tbsp    Chili Powder2 Tbsp    Onion Powder2 Tbsp    Garlic Powder1 Tbsp    Marmite (or Vegemite, in a pinch)Marinate for at least 3-4 days in a tightly sealed ziploc bag. Cook steak to 125. Let rest for 10 minutes. Devour....
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2006,11/14/2006,103,135,,6,4>This is Five-Star Chinese Food! Yan's Garden moved to San Carlos recently, and its food is fantastic. With hundreds of Chinese restaurants on the peninsula, we're all used to greasy, soy-saucey, vinegary, sugary Chinese cooking. This restaurant really does it right. Flavors are subtle and complex, and the service is perfect. The restaurant is not fancy, but it's fastidiously clean and nicely laid out. The prices are low (most lunch specials are just $5.75), they do not use M.S.G., and they deliver! (Orders must be over $20.) Yan's Garden is a great addition to the neighborhood. Please visit--I want them to stay here a long time. yansgarden.com
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2006,11/13/2006,27,211,9,4,2>My uncle owns and runs this place.  They make san-dong style stuff like dumplings, bao-tse, man-tow, etc.  All frozen so it's not like a sit-down restaurant.  I think they still deliver to the frisco area.If you like frozen dumplings, you will not be disappointed.  It is NOT like the crap you buy at 99 Ranch.  They have many, many varieties and comes in bags of 50.Only get 4 stars because my uncle has recently become a moron.  He wants my mom to pay for his stupid Camry because he claims she broke it when she drove it one time back in 1993.  What a doofus.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2006,11/12/2006,13,42,4,8,4>I don't like coffee. ::gasp::: I know, but I'm trying to come around.....and Starbucks ain't cuttin' it. So I tried my hand at Barefoot today, and got the Voodoo (a latte with coconut milk) based on Yelp recommendations. It was ok, I guess, but I don't know anything about coffee. My four stars are because:-they have funny names for their drinks-its not a chain-they have chai tea lattes (need to try...)-I was able to drink my entire latte without making that "ew bitter coffee" face-the barista chick made a super cool leaf design on my latte, even though it was "to go"-there was like, 3 hot guys there randomly at 5:30 pm on a Friday (including one that worked there who sang and wore a random bowler hat....but that's neither here nor there).
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2006,11/11/2006,0,0,4,,2>How ironic that BEVMO is categorized under "DOCTORS"!  HahaThe best thing about this BevMo is that it's adjacent to a Home Depot.  While you're doing a liquor run for your house party, you can pick up tarp to protect your pretty carpet from puke.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2006,11/10/2006,395,209,16,3,5>What's up with all the bad reviews? I love BJ's. Not to forget the number one reason why I do. It's the best place to meet up for blind dates, so I give it 5 stars. I'm not going to lie. I posted a personal on Craigslist before, and B.J.'s was THE place to go for first time meet ups.1. This place is ALWAYS packed to the brim. So if you find your date and realize you were tricked by the MySpace angle, just pretend it's not you. 2. Nightmare parking is your advantage. You have an excuse when your photoshopped date asks why you stood him/her up. "Uhhhhhh There was no parking...?" (btw, there's always street parking on the Outback side. Just book your ass across the street or you'll get run over by the I'm-so-damn-busy-I-have-to-fly-down-deAnza-at-400­mph people)3. The lighting at the bar is tungsten like from the TVs topped with spot lights from above. There is noooo hiding from those suckers. What you see is exactly what you get.4. The bartenders there ROCK. Beautiful men and women, so you have an excuse to start conversations and they may even give you a free sympathy drink.AND they have decent bar food that goes oh so well with the tap. What more can a girl ask for?God I miss BJ's and I miss the Bay for New York Craigslist is full of freaks! (myself not included)
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2006,11/9/2006,147,317,,14,4>I did this in May 2005, and had a blast!  I think the first week is always the hardest because if you're not used to it, you're starting a new discipline for yourself.  It is very hard for me to stick with the same workout day in and day out, so this was perfect because each day is different!  One day you're doing an obstacle course, the next day you're doing calisthenics and pilates!  The greatest part is seeing how much you've improved over the course of the month.  You get timed with basic exercises the first week and the last week, so you see your progress!  You'll even improve your body fat!  I did the 3-day-a-week plan and saw great results!  I could only imagine if I did the 5-days-a-week plan...  There's no pressure at all to do every activity, and you do everything at YOUR pace.  So basically, you're competing with yourself.Mary Beth and Denise were awesome instructors... and very motivating!
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2006,11/8/2006,666,1833,,4,4>I eat here pretty much daily. Why, you may ask? Because our client does not believe in lunch hours (well they exist mothafucka!!! you can't make them go away, just annoy us with our inability to leave the building!!) and it's downstairs. Sandwiches, etc. Hot food too which changes every day but stays the same from week to week. I have basically eaten the entire menu at this point, including breakfast because I never get up early enough to eat in the hotel. Bagels, egg n cheese, omelets, salad bar, almost the full range of sandwiches, etc have been consumed. But I'm not sick of it yet (although it would be nice to go somewhere else, I still do think the food here tastes good). And that's the true hallmark of a good deli.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,8/7/2012,1335,1550,14,17,16>I walk a lot and everywhere. Saw Mom's BBQ in one of those walks. Otherwise I would've just drove past this place. Thanks feet for all the discovery we did while walking!When it was time to catch up with my favorite K- I told her I wanted to meet here. She was already cooking some meat when I sat down. With her was "Mom".  Yup the lady who owns the place.Being such a newbie with K food I was happy just to sit there and eat whatever Mish bbq's on the table. It was meat after meat of really tasty treats. I love their pork belly. It looks like bacon! But less sinful! It's my favorite! The squid was delicious and the marinated chicken, pork and beef was outstanding! I think we had all the meat that we can. I swear I was still full for dinner after eating at 1 pm. If you're hungry go for the buffet style during lunch and dinner. Lunch will cost you$14+. While dinner will cost you $25. We were there for lunch and man- the $14 was so worth it! Dessert comes with it too. It was empty at 1 pm but was packed in half hour. Ample parking space. Located in a strip mall with a big sign you can see from the street. Nothing beats BBQ for a meal! Especially mom's!
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,8/6/2012,1078,821,3,6,3>Been wanting to come here for awhile and finally got to come here with the right person to enjoyed this meal with. We ordered:  - Uni Fried Rice = sea urchin was delicious and this was my favorite dish!- Fried Beef Tongue = taste just like a piece of steak. - Fried oyster = taste just like everywhere else, however I liked their side sauce.- Rock Cod with Agedashi tofu = smooth and silky tofu texture went well with the Uni Fried Rice.A very satisfying meal on a Tuesday night was definitely what a I need after a week of stressfulness. Thank you for opening late compared to many tapas on weekdays.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,8/5/2012,428,2224,10,11,11>OMG SO DELICIOUS!! Thank you Cece and Julie K!! I got a few bites from the YEE last week and then I got some for my BIRFDAY!!!! Where to begin?? Monday Minis-- 3 for 5 bucks!! YES! Hawaiian cupcake with coconut yes! birthday cake with sprinkles? YES! Cookies and cream! HELL YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (one of my favorites) Chocolate (triple) nom nom EVERYTHING was super good.. but most importantly the service is super awesome. The woman behind the counter remembers faces and threw in an extra. Will definitely be back!!! They also do cute designs (check out the book)
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,8/4/2012,112,70,12,16,15>Have you ever french-kissed a sushi roll? You will at Kenzo, you sick dog, you!!!!The rules here are different than most AYCE sushi places- 5 rounds of AYCE heaven, with each round allowing me to order an UNLIMITED amount of whatever the heck I wanted: sushi rolls, hand rolls, baked mussels, and whatever else my fat fingers could check off on the extensive menu.The rolls were AMAZING. The quality of these rolls rivaled that of a non-AYCE sushi place. Some of them were so gorgeous, I didn't even want to touch them. I just wanted to look at its glamour and beauty before I came to my senses and realized they were unlimited. Service was upbeat and my water was frequently refilled to flush the sushi down my throat. Prices are VERY reasonable. Around $25 for lunch will get you every kind of sushi roll you can imagine.FLAWLESS. Kudos for perfecting the art of AYCE sushi!
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,8/3/2012,169,452,6,11,6>I was really skeptical walking in because it looked like the type of place my mom gets her hair cut. It was great that the owner greeted me right away, and within a minute I was in a chair being attended to.I was so impressed with my stylist Van that I took her card - and I never take people's cards! She's not one of those ladies who does the stock asian haircut. Because she used a variety of methods and kind of studied each cut she was making, it was slower than I expected. At first I wasn't too happy that it was taking almost an hour, but all the hard work paid off in one of the best haircuts I've ever had. Usually I have to tell stylists half the length I really want off because they get scissor happy, but she is the first person to ever take off the exact amount I wanted! I asked for a trim in the same style I already have. She suggested layers, and I figured what the heck, and told her to do whatever she thinks would look good. The entire time I was worrying that I would regret letting her play with it, but I'm very pleased with the end result!
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,8/2/2012,75,214,8,11,11>There's other places to get a scoop of ice cream, and frozen yogurt shops are everywhere, but good frozen custard?  Not nearly as easy to find.My wife and I like to get half ice cream, half custard... it kills.  So creamy and sweet.(Half om + half nom = all awesome.)It's like in Ratatouille.  "Each flavor was totally unique.  ...  But, combine one flavor with another--and something new was created!"Food:  5 starsValue:  4 starsService:  4-5 starsOverall:  4.5 stars... it's probably my favorite dessert shop.P.S.  It should go without saying, but tip well when the service is good!P.P.S.  They have a stamp card... buy 12, get 1 (6 oz) free!
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/1/2012,86,27,15,16,8>Saw the fiver on the this joint and knew I had to try it. They were open pretty late(I think my homeskillet and I rolled in around 8:30). Anyhow the place was deserted and I was somewhat worried that we had stumbled down a bad rabbit hole. The server was suppper duper nice and let us choose our table. The drink menu for nonalcoholic beverages is nuts. I love trying new fluids, so I was loving this dazzling selection of oddities. In the end I grabbed a Tepache, a fermented pineapple drink that is seasoned with sugar and Cinnamon. It was A-MAZE-ING. It was like Martinelli's Apple Cider, but pineapple. I drank the whole giant cup with my meal, and enjoyed every last sip. WARNING: the drink will not get you drunk, but it definitely slows your roll, so don't drink it before going out or running a marathon.Food menu was a perfect blend of the standards and some unique items. I got the Moletas and Chicken Chile Relleno. The Moletas were delicious and savory, but the chicken chile relleno was unreal. Literally every bite was like Zeus had chicken lightning and was striking my tongue with it. CHICKEN LIGHTENING. The beans and rice were good, and the dish as a whole was very filling and well-priced. If you're looking for some unique Mexican flavors, come to this place. It will not disappoint. I can't wait to go back and try some more unusual items.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,7/31/2012,207,317,8,12,9>You probably figured it out from my "Daughter of a Dentist's Sweet Picks" list, but my dad is a dentist. I had gotten all of my dental work done by him for my entire life before moving to California in 2007. Since my dad is now 3000 miles away, it was time to find a local dentist. Enter Dr. Mark Burhenne.I've been a patient for over 4 years, and I have to say that he and his staff do a great job on my teeth. Luckily, I am usually only in for preventive maintenance, such as a cleaning every 6 months. His hygienist Tammy is a perfectionist when it comes to her work, and I know that she will not leave one spot of plaque anywhere in my mouth. Dr. Burhenne is personable, friendly, and patient with me, and I appreciate his vast knowledge of not only dentistry, but also of technology, photography, and other topics. He helps me feel at ease in the chair -- just because my dad is a dentist doesn't mean I generally enjoy sitting in a dental chair! -- and I would recommend him to anyone looking for a dentist in the Sunnyvale area.One thing to note: After each appointment, I'm always asked to pay in full for all services, and then they bill my insurance. I then receive a check for whatever insurance covers. So just be prepared to make a full payment on the day of your visit.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,7/30/2012,278,1731,16,19,15>I took intro to pole dancing today and let me say that I had a blast because the instructor was fun and welcoming (sorry, I forgot her name because I was busy staring at her curves). I am attracted to men, I assure you but this class will have you appreciate your bod, learn to be comfortable w/ your body.I have been battling weight issues and my appearance forever but today after learning the basic moves, the twirling on the pole, the crawling on the floor, the posture, moving of the hips, and especially in a very seductive setting (dim lights and w/ porn-like music), I felt very sexy indeed; for that hour, I was oblivious to my obsession w/ losing weight. - no males or other guests allowed.- they will lend you a pair of stilettos (intro class).- you will need to sign some sort of waiver (didn't read it).- small class which means the attention is focused (on you).- pole related classes - wear shorts, ladies! I wore short shorts.- no jewelry, bracelets, and lotion (for the pole). - it'd be fun to have a friend or a group of friends.I want to take lap dancing classes next. I noticed a blowjob workshop (haha). I had a very awesome experience.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,7/29/2012,562,163,16,8,9>Wuji's is where my hot pot addiction began...and it hasn't stopped since. I blame them for putting a strain on my wallet and on my relationship since I have gotten into fights with the sig other about his not wanting to take me here for dinner after eating it 2 nights in a row. This place can be a little expensive if you're eating your own pot. On top of that, they charge an arm and a freakin' leg for side dishes that only probably costs them less than 25 cents to purchase. $3.25 for an extra side of glass noodles? If it weren't for my friends picking on me and calling me ghetto, I'd bring my own side of glass noodles from Ranch 99 that would only cost $1.89 for six servings.Although, I'm not going to lie. Wuji's Mala Hot Pot is my most recent addiction...I go about 2-3 times a week and luckily Kim D. is also a huge fan and an even bigger addict than I am, so I always have someone to go with. I always get the Pork Mala Pot and my most recent discovery is that I can get the House Ingredients with the Mala Soup. Also, they have this delicious sate-like dipping sauce that pairs well with their meats, which also helps to mellow down the spiciness. Oh, and don't get tricked by their free birthday meal. If you come here for your bday, they will make everyone at the table get their own pots. Next year, I plan on coming to Wuji's for my birthday by myself. Minus a star for the prices and for ruining my birthday lunch (by not giving me my free pot). I haven't heard of any other amazingly addictive Taiwanese hot pot in San Jose, so I guess they have the right to be a monopoly and rape our wallets. Also, don't come here on a bad day, because their horrendous service will tick you off even more and make you want to write a really angry review about them. (I especially am not fond of the skinny, angry dude with glasses that looks like he just popped out of an anime.) They are smart for putting so much MSG in their broth, because it makes me too sleepy after my meal to get on Yelp to rant about it. Anyway, I recommend coming here for their yummy food but be prepared to deal with the pretty crappy service.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2009,8/9/2010,1806,1048,12,14,14>I haven't had the chance to try many of their wonderful looking pastries yet.. Whenever i come around 8pm, the pastries seem to be all gone with only few selections left.. like the leftovers!  They still have the dessert rolls and cakes but pastry wise, you need to get there at an earlier time to get the full experience of Paris baguette..  I have tried the corn croquette strawberry pastry.. the fluffiness of the bread was delicious and the custard was ridiculously light.. I wouldn't be scared to eat more out of that tray provided!!!!  I also tried their green tea shaved ice.. mini size. and boy they say it serves 1-2 but in reality 3-4! i loved the flavor and condensed milk! definitely a plus here!Whenever i come here, i always keep watching their commercial.. since I recognize the girl in their from K-dramas!  It is a nice cafe.pastry joint 5 minutes away from my house to catch up with friends.. It does get packed with koreans around the area though! make sure u catch a table as soon as you get there! left side table area separated by glass window and right side the pastries! plenty of parking!cute shop with barret wearing workers!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,8/8/2010,244,197,14,14,14>We ended up down here after a YEE that was upstairs.  I will forever be in Julie K's debt because SHE instigated this and it was awesome!!!  Sarah our angel of the evening, was awesome.  Made certain we had everything we needed, from wine information, to food explanations, to iced tea and water.  I took one look at the menu and knew what I wanted.  My husband asked me what I was getting and it really was a silly question, but instead of being snarky, I just told him, which actually had HIM saying, "Why did I even ask?"See, we went to Greece a few years back and since then I am always on the look out for some comparable moussaka.  So when it is on the menu I order it.First Kevin and Julie were very gracious as to share their wine with me.  The wine made me happy because it was from Santorini.  It was nice.  Not too sweet, but sweet enough to be really easy to drink.  (Thanks again K and J!)Then they brought out pita bread.  I could have sworn that is what they called it, but our table lovingly compared it to naan.  Whatever it was it was awesome.  Grilled, salted, piping hot.  Yuuuuuuuuuummmmmm.  Then the moussakas (as stated on their menu) . . . I THOUGHT it was lamb, but then again, I honestly don't like to dwell on the meat too much.  I really think I am a vegetarian disguised as a carnivore because I like to eat it but not think about where it comes from (the refrigerator, right?).  Anyway . . . looking at the menu online later on it states it is beef.  (That is my story and I am sticking to it.  You look at the menu yourself.**)  It was perfect.  It was a layer of eggplant (the online menu said zucchini and potato too, but I didn't detect that), then the meat, then the bechamel.  When I looked that the menu I saw bechamel and that it had meat.  I know I must have read it to verify there was nothing spicy (one restaurant puts chili oil on it--WHAT?) but I didn't commit it to memory.  Husband ordering sides orders wild mushrooms and I reminded him I am not a fan.  But I am of these.  Tablemates said they were roasted . . . didn't really think about it, but ok, yeah, maybe that is why I liked them.  They were actually cooked different than I have ever had wild mushrooms cooked (and I am such a fan of roasted veggies)!I was soooo full, I didn't want any dessert.  But the Chef just loved us . . . I guess . . . it was Kevin and Julie who talked to him so he loved them and maybe saw there was a difficult time of deciding on a dessert.  So he bought out five of them.  Whew! (Again, thanks Vicky--copying your list! -- ha!) Yiaourti: Greek yogurt --- this was the best dessert . . . ever . . . ok, one of the top five I have had in my life!!!  It was awesome.  Way worth the $12 you would spend to get it!!!  Enough for two!  The fruit on top was enough of a dessert.  It was just awesome!  (Thank you: Chef Fitzgerald) Baklava: It was good.  I am not a fan of Baklava (bad Greek, I know, but . . . USUALLY too sweet).  This one was not as sweet as some I have tasted.Milopita: Warm honey crisp apple tart tatin.  Awesome is you like cooked apple desserts. Sokolatina: Molten lava cake. Warm melted chocolate . . . for some that is all they need to hear.  It was good.  Pan Cotta.. made with Buttermilk:  (not on the online menu)   This was good too, but I think I was just "spoiled" by the yogurt.  That was it for me.  That was the best.  I didn't need to have anything else, although I was excited to be able to try it all, I kept going back to the yogurt!   As Vicky said:  THANK YOU to our server Sarah and to Chef Fitzgerald for an amazing meal!! The food and the service was incredible!!!**7/29/2001, now the online menu states ground lamb - today the day I posted the picture so I put that in the caption.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2009,8/7/2010,1019,787,13,13,14>Hooray for reliable yelp reviews!Since moving up here, I've been pretty disappointed with the Korean food up here. However, I had been craving it for a while and I didn't want to be thoroughly disappointed again. After reading pretty good reviews about this place, I came here with two of my favorite people for dinner.Let me just say, this place is definitely comparable to places in Socal. It's definitely the best Korean place I've been to so far since moving up here so I was pretty happy with coming here.The decor is pretty nice, the restaurant is surprisingly huge but the wait is also pretty long due to the apparent popularity on a Saturday night. For food we ordered the galbi, chado begi (?), bibimbap and something else I forgot. Everything was good, from the little dishes to all the entrees. The galbi, was AMAZING. I don't know if it's because I was super hungry or what, but it was one of the better tasting galbi's I've ever had.My only disappointment was the pricing of some of the food. The galbi, although very delicious, was almost $23 for a small plate?? You can get the exact same size at another joint for only $12! It was good but I don't know if it was worth double the price of your average galbi. Other than that, I would definitely come here again sometime. Good job Jang Su Jang, you've redeemed my love for korean food.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2010,8/6/2010,378,778,16,21,18>I have a new fondness for Ramen lately and have been slurping it up as much as I can. I don't have much experience when it comes to Ramen but I love Halu Ramen in Saratoga and have been there at least once a week in the past 2 months.We were in the area and decided we would try another ramen place just for comparison. Kahoo came up on our Yelp app and we headed over about 8:30pm (luckily they close at 9:30pm). At 8:30pm this place was PACKED! And I mean like sardines! This place is probably one of the smallest restaurants I have ever stepped foot in. I will admit I was claustrophobic...eeek! We got seated at a 2 person table right in between 2 other tables. We practically had dinner with 4 other strangers that was how close it was. Service was nice and our waitress was very attentive. I ordered the spicy ramen and my husband ordered the special which was ramen and a rice bowl. We were served waters (which by the way tasted funny and was warm--kinda strange). We received our ramen pipping hot. Now I love spicy more then anything but this soup was SPICY! My eyeballs were on fire...seriously it was that spicy. I barely ate 1/4 of it because I was crying so badly LOL! We took it home and hopefully my husband will eat it. It's not that I didn't like it, I just cannot handle that level of spiciness. My husbands special was very good. I liked the broth of his soup and the pork in his ricebowl was super tasty. I would order that in the future. Would I be back...maybe....but if I had a choice, I would go back to Halu. Halu's ramen noodles are made fresh (unlike our experience here), I love their soup and the atmosphere and service is much more relaxing at Halu.Kahoo excepts credit cards!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2009,8/4/2010,1114,1200,9,9,9>This is my goto place to get my sushi fix. Their sushi selection is somewhat limited but everything I have tried so far was good. Their spicy scallop roll is my favorite. The sauce is simple yet it brings out the freshness of the scallops. Not your typical fusion rolls that totally overwhelmed your taste bud with too many ingredients and seasonings. I love their Hamachi in both sashimi and nigiri form. Had toro there once and it was pretty delicious as well. Their lunch bento was nice. The portion is a bit too much for me but other people seem to have no trouble finishing theirs. For dinner there are usually a bit of a wait around 6-7pm. When I am desperate for sushi I simply order take out.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,8/3/2010,528,386,18,13,15>....how do we order...?oh god...the old man told us to go over there...ok, tetsu's gonna order...wait...what??OMG! it's hot.i know i amoh god...lunch with the guys turns into a marathon. it just doesn't end there. it's like a loong drawn out thing. i love hanging out with them. luckily, i wasn't working at the time so i can take my sweet time on lunches like that. we sat on a bench with newspaper strewn across it and peeled our piping hot sweet potatoes. i have to say these were pretty tasty. cheap and tasty...just like jm's mooby....well, just cheap.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,8/2/2010,902,420,13,15,13>yes this place is oozing with fanboy history being it was in the 80's version of Twilight-- The Lost Boys-- where we may have not had team Jacob & Edward, but we had the Coreys!!  kungfuology.com/andybestJoe and his minions have done a great job with keeping the balance between a modern and an old school shop feel by dedicating the left-side of AF for trades, currents & toys while on the right side you have batched book deals, backissues and for all you trekkies/kers-- a muthaf*cking Starship Room!!!  though they didn't have a mass of bins to go through, i was able to find a bunch of late 80s Flash, Batman and Detectives that were priced fairly for the grade and scored with a pack of Power of the Atom that I have been hunting down for awhile.Joe is super-cool and a real deal historian with regards to comic culture- even knowing the lay of the land with alll bay area shops-- with changes in ownership through the years..I told him how my LCS was Comics Conspiracy and he said he sees a lot of himself in Ryan being they both owned their own shops at around the same age and have an unmatched passion for retail-- sick!!a great shop in a lovely, charming nook just outside of the main shopping district in Santa Cruz that has completely changed (I think for the better as your non-comic friends can spend hours there) in the last 7 years.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,8/1/2010,386,452,12,13,13>Although I didn't have a chance to try their food at PLEY despite the great comments I heard from those around me, I went for lunch on a Sunday and was quite impressed.Food- Tamarind Seafood Soup- Delicious with a good amount of tangy/spicy. The fish in soup was soft and very good- Lobster Dumpling- Interesting, though I'm not sure I'm a fan of the corn in there- Crispy tofu in a mandarin sauce- For me, one can never go wrong with fried tofu and the sauce served with this dish really made it stand out- Sea Bass served with a soy sauce and green onions- Fish was perfectly cooked - Crispy noodles with seafood- perfect dish to have on the first day of CNY- Tamarind prawns- prawns have to be one of my favorite things to eat and these were huge and tasty. Would definitely order this dish againDessert: Custard porcupine- so cute and pretty tasty too. I'm not normally a fan of custard type desserts, but this one was good especially fresh out of the oven. Great restaurant and I'd go back to try more of their food.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2009,7/31/2010,866,266,7,8,8>Love it, love it, love it!Katana is modest looking, both outside and in. Don't be fooled though - they are serving up some good food here! I felt adventurous today, so I opted for the Hiroshima Roll yelp.com/biz_photos/1ybJ ... it's deep fried shrimp and avocado roll with spicy tuna, fried crunch potato, tobiko and diced scallion on top. The blend of flavors was heavenly. Also tried my better half's bento box of California Roll, tempura and ton katsu. All three items were hot and good.Will definitely be heading back!
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,7/30/2010,371,117,17,18,16>Where are all the HUNGRY ALCOHOLICS at!!?!?! Wait.. let me rephrase.. Where are all the hungry alcoholics on a BUDGET at? HAPPY HOUR from 5-7pm every Thursday, Friday, AND Saturday.  Not just the shitty "WELL DRINKS." You call it and its ALL 1/2 OFF.  Even better; get a BUCKET OF BEER (comes in 6) for $15!!! This place is GOLD if you are looking for a place to chill with your friends. There is a LIVE BAND in the background that really sets the mood. Not only are the drinks 1/2 off, the tapas are TOO! (See picture for menu). I had a few and it was DELISH'. Food- checkDrinks- checkMusic- checkYou bring your friends and I'll be my friends and we can ALL be friends... YAY!!  (just buy me a drink) :D
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,8/30/2011,556,284,12,13,15>mMm sushi.. *drools*  if money and mercury wasn't a problem I would eat sushi everyday!.. I've came here several times and what I enjoy the most besides the modern ambiance is the sashimi, it's fresh and give you the right amount.  I haven't tried all the rolls here, but some of the ones that I've enjoyed were the dragon roll, super spider roll, butterfly, alaska,  super godzilla roll and what else?.. there's so many I need to try, they recently updated their menu and added new stuff! Besides the sushi, I love the... Kalbi (beef ribs) - its so tender and juicy! mMm.. the chicken one is good too!Dynamite Seafood Bake - eHhhh it's okay.. a bit weird for my taste, hot cooked seafood on salad don't work together, it makes it wilteredHoney Moon Special - tasty, two giant rolls diced scallops wrapped with salmon, good to get on a date ~ anything lite on fire is fun! :)Spicy Tuna Salad - my favorite! it's SPICY, best tuna salad i've had! :DThe Happy Hour here is great, you will leave with a happy stomach and wallet!   I especially love the tempura, gyoza, almond chicken, spicy tuna poppers, agedashi tofu and the handrolls.. pretty much everything on their happy hour menu hahaha :P  They have a full bar, not a lot of sushi joints have this which is a PLUS.Oh forgot one more thing, their oysters are gooodd the sauce they make- make sure you get the ponzu one it has a touch of sriracha.. O-M-G ... i love that stuff!  they should make shooters with some sake.. that would be heaven.. The people who work here are super friendly and the service is great.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,8/29/2011,290,302,11,11,9>Ladies and Gentlemen. I give you ... "Mo, The King of Kebabs". Wow. Talk about meat overkill? Looking at the menu, I thought I could easily polish this off, but even I had to ask for a doggy bag at the end of the meal. The lamb, beef AND chicken kebobs were cooked perfectly. Especially the beef, which was succulent and juicy. The eggplant/curry sauce JZ had on her Prawn Shakshuka was to die for too. I fought her for the last few drops as she attempted to finish her plate. Couldn't fault the quality/quantity of the food as well as the service. It's just a shame the entire south bay has already discovered this place. Its a bloody nightmare getting a table.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,8/28/2011,146,142,4,8,6>Dio Deka delivers for our anniversary dinner. Ambiance: Gorgeous interior and lighting. I had read some reviews about the noise level and I do agree that it was a little loud. We could still hear each other, it was just noticeably noisy. Not a big deal.Starters: We wanted to sample a few things so we chose the Pikilia(sampler plate). The Spanakotiropita was the clear star of the plate. Lamb Pan Seared Meatballs were a close 2nd and then the Diver Sea Scallops & Dalmathes came trailing behind. The Mains: I'm a huge fan of comfort food and when it comes to Greek comfort food Moussakas does the trick. After having a lengthy discussion with our waiter, I happily chose the Moussakas over the bone-in Filet I had originally been considering. What a wise move. I can't get over how good it really was. I think my husband was pretty sick of hearing me rave about it with every bite I took. He had the Lamb Chops (a signature dish) and was pleased as well.Sweets: Moist and delicious, the Sokolatina ... Warm, soft-center Valrhona chocolate cake, vanilla bean gelato, Bergamot chocolate glaze fulfilled my obsession with chocolate & cakes. Put those two things together and it's next to impossible to screw it up for me. So, I ewed and awed through the whole dessert. YUM. Service: We felt genuinely welcomed from the moment we entered the restaurant. Our waiter was perfect. He spent time with us and never made us feel rushed. Extremely knowledgeable, he steered us in the right direction throughout our dining experience.We had a lovely evening, a decadent culinary experience and I have nothing but praises to sing about Dio Deka.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,8/27/2011,211,504,12,13,10>How have i not reviewed this yet?!This is my FAVORITE Italian restaurant in SC. the restaurant is so tiny and homey feeling. just upon arrival you know everything is grandma's recipe- made with love.you cant go wrong with anything made with pesto. their sauce is really good! where my mouth starts watering though, is the fettuccine alfredo. comes with spinach and mushrooms- best i've ever had. Their marinara sauce is also made to perfection, not like your average store bought sauce.The wine comes in little jars, which i really like. I dont think the conventional wine glass is necessary. They serve bread with olive oil and minced garlic upon arrival. YUM. if you are on a date, make sure you both eat TONS of it.Yesterday I went here and ordered the lunch special for about $10, with half salad and half pasta. I even had leftovers (they didnt last long of course because i ate them as soon as i got home).Since the restaurant is small, do expect a wait at night, but its totally worth it!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,8/26/2011,653,1522,9,19,17>I haven't been flaunting my trysts with Alex on Yelp as much as I should. It hasn't been all that long since I've been courted with this particular steak, the meaty essence usually last longer than the relationships though. I had called earlier in the week to verify their happy hour times, yet once we arrived in the lounge we were quickly informed they no longer have specials. We had planned on catching a few drinks at the bar before our reservation and the place was packed so we were unable to bump up our reservation more than 25 minutes. So appetizers in the bar it was: Fatty chunks of tempura short ribs that melted in the mouth and oysters. Which I would have preferred if they just came out with the horseradish. Washing it down with a jalapeno and Don Julio drink was a nice start... By the time we were seated we already knew what we wanted. A filet for my date and (I have no shame) a two pound bone-in ribeye for me. The waiter said the magic words " two pound bone-in ribeye" and I was powerless. My dinner partner's response after seeing and proptly talking me out of a taste of my mammoth slab of fine beef was only "I should have followed your lead." Yes, you should have.Only 389 days, 17 hours and 18 minutes until fois gras is banished from California...
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,8/24/2011,428,2224,14,14,14>I had been meaning to check this place out forever and I didn't want to cheat on Mariannes... but after seeing this featured in the AAA Via mag.. I figured I needed to go over to the dark side... Local ice cream with local coffee? YES Verve Coffee with Praline? YES YES YES Meyer Lemon? YES YES YES Earl Grey!! NOMZ Switched up menu so you have to come back.. AWESOME Huge props to local folks using organic ingredients and local goodsDanger? Within walking distance!!
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,8/23/2011,339,280,8,9,7>I love this location. I don't have to drive to essj to get some good Vietnamese food. Its always great to find a good Vietnamese restaurant in my area since they're usually all located in San Jose. I ordered the Bún Bì, Bò Nng. One of my favorite Vietnamese dishes next to pho, bun bo hue, thit heo kho, bo kho, I could list a lot more but I'll stop here. :) Anyway it was pretty good, but it is hard to mess this dish up. I also ordered a side of pho broth and it was super flavorful, a lil too flavorful for my taste but still good.Their service here was actually really good. I'm used to bad service in most Vietnamese restaurants. It was a pleasant surprise. The waiter was really apologetic when he saw me taking out the peanuts in my dish, although it was my fault for not asking them to leave out the peanuts.Overall this place is really clean, provides good service, and has great food. This will definitely be my regular spots.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2011,8/22/2011,245,219,7,10,7>I love a parade!This is an excellent old-timey 4th of July parade routed through the Rose Garden neighborhood, ending on The Alameda.  This parade has everything from vintage cars to electric vehicles, antique fire trucks to social and educational clubs and lots of decorated kids, bikes and dogs - everyone who wants to can participate.  It's a well planned and safe event, extremely family-friendly.  I've driven in it a few times now and while the event has gotten larger over the years, there's still ample room along the parade route for everyone to get a good view of the parade as it passes.  The parade ends in a festival on The Alameda (closed to traffic for the event) with food, drink, live music and arts and crafts booths.  I wasn't able to stay for much of festival this year but people seemed to be having a good time.The parade is a revival of the historic Rose Carnival of 1896, later known as The Fiesta de Las Rosas Parade in the 1920's.  I love the return of this tradition to one of San Jose's most historic neighborhoods, and hope it keeps going for many years to come.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,8/21/2011,655,394,9,13,9>watch out Vegetarian House, there's a new contender for new favorite San Jose restaurant!!!ok ok, so Merit and Vegetarian House are under the same group of people, but there's one thing Merit does that outdoes Vegetarian House:Vegan Vietnamese Cuisine.Hallelujah! ring the bells! Mother are you ready to face the new Chopped Champion??I'm a vietnamese-american student living in Santa Cruz. That's right. That means NO AUTHENTIC VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT. *gasp!!*I go home once a month to cry happily over my mother's homemade bowl of pho. that's how much i miss vietnamese food.Now, Merit has provided me almost every staple vietnamese dish...without meat, eggs, dairy, or MSG!When I arrived on a late stormy night, we were the only patrons as the party before us left as we were being seated. Therefore, service was superb. Two young ladies were serving us tonight. I ordered the Vermicelli noodles with egg-less eggrolls and 'bi chai.' or vegetarian vietnamese pulled pork.It came with vegetarian fish sauce and the serving was generous. for only $7, i was full and happy!My boyfriend got the rice bowl with teriyaki 'chicken.' If you're a fan of savory, rich, dishes, this is for you!Also on the menu is Vietnamese Crepes, sweet and sour soup, clay rice pots, and vietnamese 'fish' dishes of all kinds! Our bill was less than $20 for two people including a %20 tip. ($15 for 2 dishes plus ~$4 tip and tax).In the back, you can see a poster depicting famous vegetarians. You know, Einstein was famous for more than just his physics theories...he was a huge advocate for a sustainable and ethical diet---which ties in with moral qualities and the future sustainability of the earth).Before you hear the word "vegetarian" and go "UGH!!!", TRY IT. and be happy that your wallet isn't suffering, and your body, the animals, and the earth are happy too!
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,8/20/2011,124,254,20,5,7>You know that Seinfeld episode where George eats a donut out of the trash can?I'd do that for a Stan's glazed donut. Or at least VERY SERIOUSLY consider it ...
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,2/26/2009,83,205,11,10,10>This place is all about breakfast foods the size of your head! Giant cinnamon roll $3.25, (which is delicious and served with cinnamon butter in place of frosting. Don't knock it till you try it) humongous souffle omelets in every shape and form as well as do it yourself ones just in case your particular favorite flavor combo wasn't mentioned (baked omelets have become a personal favorite of mine) and huge portions of sides to go along with everything. I came here with my family on a Sunday at about noon and for 5 people, the wait ended up being about 20 minutes which was not bad at all. We sat and we promptly served out drinks and we ordered one of the cinnamon rolls to split between all of us. Along with my souffle omelet they gave me a plate filling portion of their potatoes which were mysteriously yellow in color, but they were crispy and had onions in them, so who am I to complain about the color, and one bakery item, I chose the raspberry coffee cake.  Everything was delicious. The eggs were light and fluffy just the way I love them, and they didn't skimp on filling items at all. For $8.50-10.00 an omelet these are a little pricey, but you can easily split one of these monsters with someone (especially if you get one of the Cinnamon rolls which i recommend!!)  if you want to be easier on your wallet. I'll be sure to come back here again with some friends in tow to help me eat all the food.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,2/25/2009,292,189,12,13,14>Powell's is a franchised candy store but you wouldn't know it from the old charm feel when walking in. Another reason why I love living so close to the quaint Willow Glen neighborhood. The song "Candy Girl" was coming through the speakers and Charlie & the Chocolate Factory was showing on the flat screen in the back surrounded by theater chairs static.px.yelp.com/bphot with movie candy on display (who doesn't like jumbo box of milk duds?!)Just browsing in this place brings me back to my childhood - there's something for everyone from 8 to 80. They carry novelty candies to gourmet chocolates static.px.yelp.com/bphot. Don't forget the gelato! static.px.yelp.com/bphotBut what I really came for was the chocolate covered gummi bears. I could live without chocolate alone, but I HAVE to get my chocolate covered gummi bear fix once in awhile. Mix and match your candy for $2.99/lb which is a bit steep but I like being able to pick and choose what I want. Similar to my froyo fixation on variety, I like having the option to pick out only the white gummi bears or only the blue sour worms or only 2 pear jelly beans.So I got my bag and went at it...my choice candies: static.px.yelp.com/bphotSour BeltsChocolate covered gummi bearsWhite Chocolate covered gummi bearsSmoothie Jelly BeansApple Gummi RingsPeach Gummi RingsSour Grapefruit SlicesSour SkittlesNerds (had to get a box of these!)Also got a $1 off coupon for my next purchase. They were smart in writing out the word "ONE" because I was thisclose to calling on my asian engineering skills to turn that 1 into 10...actually, anyone know how to make the word "ONE" look like "TEN"? Ah well, til next time...let's just hope this candy lasts me longer than an episode of How I Met Your Mother.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,2/24/2009,674,366,23,24,24>I like this place. Nice cushioned couches, not too deep but just enough to be able to sit properly and enjoy the live Jazz music. Its a bit difficult to talk when they're playing but that's normal especially since I came here with a big group of Yelpers. If I can lie down the couches and snuggle with my loved one while listening to the music, I'll be really happy forever. Anyway lets get back to reviewing: The servers are very fast and sharp. I ended up ordering a Shiraz and Pinot during the evening. The decor looks like the interior of an Arabic palace, must be why the tapestries ( are those huge paintings called Tapestries?) all show a well dressed bearded man that may or may not resemble Lawrence of Arabia all over the place. There's also an outside patio which is connected to the lounge (Must be part of the hotel) where you can smoke and listen to the music. I'll be coming back to this place in the future. Hopefully not alone. ..
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,2/23/2009,234,115,21,26,21>I have had a similar long hairstyle for MANY years.  My mother forbade me to cut my hair short growing up so when I was in my early 20's I rebelled and got the Rachel haircut.  That is when I discovered WHY I shouldn't have short hair...EEK!  =\  After many years of growing it out I tend to have the same long, layered hairdo that is safe and easy.  My last haircut 3 months ago was really good at Loft A2 Beauty Service with James but it was a little pricey and located on the opposite side of town from where I reside.Cut to a few weeks ago.  My coworker came into work with an AMAZING haircut.  She told me she went to see Lauren at Alchemy.  Her hair was drastically different and she was just glowing!  She kept telling me to go see her the next time I needed a haircut.  She said that Lauren has curly hair like me and would be able to do great things.  Since my hair has been slowly growing into a twisty mullet I decided to give her a call.  She was able to fit me in a few days later = last night.I was shocked when I arrived.  I went here once many years ago and it was a small little shop.  This time around I discovered it is in the same location...but has expanded next door and upwards.  They are 3 times the size they were.  It's very cute, modern and welcoming.  The kind lady at the front desk led me up a flight of stairs into a comfortable waiting area.  Lauren is adorable...a beautiful person inside and out.  She made me feel at ease and I really felt ready for a change.  From seeing the work she's done on my coworker I gave her full range to do whatever she wanted.  We talked it over...all of the issues I have, my fears, the shape of my face, etc.  We chatted and laughed while she did her magic.  After she was done I was in shock.  It's not "short" but it is much shorter than I would normally let someone cut it.  For a second it was an uneasy feeling that turned into complete adoration.  I spruced it up this morning and I have NEVER received as many compliments on a haircut as I did today.  Everyone was gaga over it...even the macho men who don't have much to say about anything other than themselves and sports or technology.  LOL  I loved the experience and outcome so much that I'm actually going back to see her within the next week...but I'm not telling you why.  It's a SURPRISE!
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,2/22/2009,357,399,24,33,34>Where do yo go on Valentine's Day when you have no Valentine?  A sushi bar!  haha!!  My daugter and I ventured out to find somewhere to eat and drove around for a little bit until I just made a choice.  I wasn't that hungry and when I'm not feelin hungry it's hard to decide what you want to eat.  We were seated at the sushi bar immediatly and my daughter loved watching the boats go by.  She had her usual rice and shimp tempura.  I had sushi.  I have not had sushi is a long time.  I missed it!!  I do love California rolls, New Jersey rolls, Tempura rolls....yum! Grilled salmon and hamaci too!  It was very good.  A nice cup of green tea and I was set. The wait stuff and the sushi chefs were wonderful.  The server that was refilling the sushi boats noticed that my daughter had collected some of the little umbrellas and she gave her one of each color to take home.  Very sweet.  As we were leaving my daughter said she liked it and wanted to come back.  That's high praise from her so we will be back.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2008,2/21/2009,736,972,24,24,26>If I want to be fancy smancy smarty pants....I can be.  If I want to support local mom and pop shops, in this case, local GAL, say it with me YES I CAN!If I want to be eco friendly....YES I MUST!Go female power. GO!And if you too want to support local female joints as well, then rock on with your bad self, and head over to Crimson.  Crimson themed from head to toe, in a strip mall.  Great service and great experience, and did I mention, they are a GREEN RESTAURANT!  Yes....bonus points solely for that!Truth be told, I have been on a "healthier food" diet recently, and I ate way too much.  My tummy protested, but liked it at the same time.  I shouldn't have ordered so much...but oh well...call me a sinner that was caught up in a moment.  I was on a double date with with my good food loving pal and her MR, so I had to truly enjoy myself   Here's what I had:4.  Fish and Chips a la Bora Bora=Ahi Tuna Tartar, Coconut Milk, Lime, Cucumber & Onion with Taro Chips.  The taro chips were a bit big, and this was not my favorite.  I only ate the tuna.  I keep looking for awesome AHI POKE-and miss big time.  The quest continues.  A little pricey for 15.3. Mixed Organic Baby Greens Salad=Greens with Sweet Balsamic, Stilton and Spiced Walnuts.  Delish, and one of my favorite, healthy options.  Reasonably priced at 8.2. "A la Buck" Fresh Clams and PEI Mussels=Spicy Garlic-Wine-Tomato-Herb Sauce. Not sauce, not broth.  I ordered all mussels, and wish it would have had more of them.  Reminds me of the mio vicino mussel dish. Good for 14.1. Truffle'd Cheese Fondue for Two=We made it go for 4.  Hot cheese with Toasted Ciabatta Bread Cubes, Grissini, and Granny Apples.  So sinful but so delicious.  Everyone loved this dish. IF YOU READ ANYTHING, THEN READ THIS:i found one of my favorite bottles of wine, and had chocolate.  Yes.  I call that a good night.Along with my them of being bad, I had to get dessert...and did it in a big way. ***Chocolate - Port Fondue for Two=Served with strawberries, brioche, cookies, bananas, and rice krispy treats!  I really took a dive of the chocolate bridge...and it was worth it!  A little pricey, but I didn't mind it since it's a female, local, green joint.Go in and support!For a more detailed review, please share the UFC love with my date:yelp.com/biz/crimson-los
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,2/20/2009,370,289,16,14,15>If there were a reason to go to the Fairmont and pig out this would be one of those days.   Did I really get a buffet at the Fairmont? Those two words do not belong together buffet and Fairmont, fortunately it did occur. Everything was off the MF hook! I had was the BEST tiramisu by farWhats strange was seeing Tetsu in a nice tie and white shirt. Usually he has some gang affiliated shirt on, you know like versace or some thing like that. And then what a great surprise..everyone decided to dress all like they're going to the prom...I just came off work and it was a business casual dress so i just went as so. it was so weird to see all the girls in something other than jeans... wait let me think, Fro came in jeans and then left in a skirt...magic? no must be the booze...And then Donna in a skirt? no way she never wears a skirt. she's a casual jeans gal. I think all the ladies were in skirts or dressesWalt you sure know how to pick an event and require everyone to dress up a little.  lambgravyhandmade pastaAlfredotiramisu wine=ultra fat-cat-ness
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,2/19/2009,866,266,13,17,16>Went to Clover yesterday for the first time, and now I'm already thinking about when I can go next! I'm definitely a fan! Eclectic and unusual bakery items... not sure where else I could find a spaghetti and sausage bun! I love the...* spicy sausage bun - a perfect blend of bread, sausage, spice and cheese. * chocolate bun - you've got to be kidding me! This little guy is a slice of heaven! So many bakers don't get it that the reason why someone buys a chocolate croissant is not because of the croissant - it's the chocolate! Clover doesn't skimp on the chocolate... they just pour it on! And I love the cinnamon baked into the bread as well - nice touch!* fried curry bread - cast your calorie counting aside for a moment and enjoy this treat!* pizza bun - didn't look especially appetizing, but it was.* melon bun - how could bread so green taste so good?Not a fan of the...* ham and cheese bun. The cheese was a little funky for me.* croquet sandwich. Loved these in Japan, but didn't quite connect for me here.Saw they had a strawberry sandwich here... very tempted, but having stocked up already on those items closest to the door, I had to pass until next time!
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,2/18/2009,871,695,46,14,25>Scales scare me.They do for a couple reasons.  First, when I was a kid, I went to one of those candy stores where you buy your stuff by weight.  I had approximately $1.17 and I took my loaded bag to the smiling clerk behind the scale.  She weighed it.  It was like 6 pounds of candy.  Total price something like $27.54.  I was crushed.Second, and this probably has something to do with my first point, I used to have a bit of a weight problem.  Well, "problem" is a bad word.  I had more of a love affair with my fatty rolls.  I was a happy go lucky dude who loved all foods.  But come time to jump on that scale, damn that digital truth teller!!So imagine my shock when BOTH of my issues with scales collided at the "pour it yourself, weight priced" Yogurtland!!So many bad memories started to creep into my dome as I approached the yogurt.  With courage that would make an Amish guy proud, I poured my own yogurt, added some toppings and with a sweaty brow and a nervous gaze, I handed the yogurt to the cashier to be weighed.  Expecting to break out the high limit card, I was shocked to see that my fully loaded, topping filled mass of yogurt came out to $3.46.$3.46.  I looked at the cashier, said "wait one second," ran back to the yogurt machine, and topped off.  Bacteria.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,2/17/2009,386,185,53,32,41>"..just cause she dances go-go, that don't make her a ho, no.." - Wyclef JeanI completely agree with Wyclef. Just because a girl dances provocatively on a hardwood stage to the sweet sounds of AC/DC, "You shook me all night long";  while wearing a translucent pair off glass stiletto's, a libertine outfit, matching wig, pear or apple body spray, and a smile -- don't make her a ho. In fact, the majority of these women dance for a higher belief. Some are prospective scholars -- dancing to pay their way into a Junior College of their liking. Others dance out of love of the Art. Many grew up as little girls dancing in ballot class dreaming of the day of admittance to The Juilliard School of the Performing Arts. Within their grasp was the grandiose vision of eventually dancing to such famous ballets, as: La Bayadère, The Firebird (L'Oiseau de feu), Benois designs for Giselle, and Cats: The Musical. Unfortunately, not all who apply get admitted and that leads to the next best thing, a Pole Dancer.A group of friends and I came to The Brass Rail to celebrate a female friend's birthday..[her idea]. She had never been to a strip joint and "The Rail" was in close proximity for everyone to attend. Now I'm going to be Fred, I mean frank. I had a good time..[shamed]. Personally, strippers do not do it for me. I spent 4 years in college as a member of a fraternity and have seen my fair share of nude-y dancers; I'm more partial to the innocent, girl-next-door, type. Some say that strippers are an acquired taste -- well, I haven't acquired that taste and don't plan to.Inside this scandalously respectable joint is a full bar, a main stage down the center of the "showroom", and a couple smaller stages along the perimeters. Further back are the smaller booths that are used for private lap dances. The bar is allowed to serve alcohol since the girls do not..[and I repeat]..DO NOT, get fully nekked.We spent a substantial amount of time here that day..[around 2 hours]. Our birthday friend had a blast drinking Coors Lights and running back and forth from our seating area to the private booths. She was especially amused, or maybe the correct term is "aroused", by the strippers themselves. These girls had a field day with her and as long as she had a good time, that was all that mattered.The highlight of my experience came from an oh-so-generous private dance paid for by my good buddy. I was slightly buzzed when a tall African-American stripper with thighs like an NFL fullback approached me and pulled me over to the private dance section..[literally]. I believe that she told me her name that night was "Coco." She smelled like a mixture of Burberry Perfume and a high school locker room. It felt like the shower scene in, "Half Baked" when Nasty Nate crept up behind Kenny..."No. NO. NO! Devil man! Devil 6-6-6, the mark of the beast! No! Naughty! Naughty jungle of love!"(I had a really good time)
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2006,10/5/2006,606,410,9,4,5>Reviewing a food court establishment? I should have my foodie status revoked! But bear with me...If anything qualifies as "comfort food" for me, it's Mongolian BBQ. It was with me through my poor-ass college days, supported me in my unemployed era, and gave me something to be proud of. Namely, creating these monstrous sculptures of meat and veggies and noodles that would astound other people in the buffet line with me.When a college buddy and I relocated to the Bay Area years ago, we went on a quest to find the sort of Mongolian BBQ that kept us fat in lean times. We found places that were either too janky or too fancy for their own good. Places that yelled at you  for stacking too high. Places that didn't use any sort of oil, so all the noodles would stick to the grill. Ugh!Then one day, having long given up on our quest for gluttonously piled vittles, we decided to cruise the mall for hot MILFs. You know, look but don't touch. Yeah, it's creepy, but you know you do it too. Aaaanyway, we didn't find our army of verboten, spoken-for, child-bearing temptresses, but we did see Great Khan's in the food court, and it was like in the movies where there's this bright white glow, a chorus of archangels, and a gleaming round grill. Could this be it? Could this be what we were searching for?- Assortment of meats, curled to take up more room in your bowl, but more importantly, frozen: Check.- Fresh vegetables, including highly important scallions and cilantro, and even red peppers among the green: Check.- Greased noodles: Check.- An attendant to ladel out your sauces in the right proportions: Check.Since we discovered this place a couple of years back, my friend and I convene here monthly to catch up and relive our glory days. We still get cold-ass stares from the help for pushing our food down (there are signs telling you not to do so) and amazed stares from Mongolian BBQ newbies who haven't yet learned the art of piling it on.So while I avoid the food court whenever possible, especially summer when all the kids are out of school, Great Khan's fills a once-empty void in my soul.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2006,10/3/2006,459,979,2,6,4>My mom bought me a beautiful bouquet of tulips and other lovely flowers from this place for my birthday. The presentation is simple and classy! (see the posted picture)
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2006,10/1/2006,278,574,1,8,7>During the summer, from 5pm to close on sundays, you get unlimited go karts, unlimited minigolf, and unlimited bumper boats for $20.it is really worth it.  there were about 15 of us, and it was a blast. you can't put a price on acting like a kid.  so go check it out, your inner child will thank you for it,
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2006,9/30/2006,37,101,8,7,5>I used to eat at Pepper Lunch religiously in JPN because of their "no-BS eat red meat and rice then GTFO" setup.  When I found out they have one here in the 'States, I knew it was going to be on like Donkey Kong.The beef is good but it wasn't up to par with the Aussie beef used in Japan.  Regardless, if you aren't one who constantly scrutinizes the marbling you get on your steak, Pepper Lunch will please just about any carnivore.  (haha @ you sucka-MC vegans)I found it a little sad that they don't have the paper 'splatter-shields' you get in JPN, and that you have to rely on traditional wait staff rather than a coin operated vending machine.  Despite missing those niceties, I will continue to come back to Pepper Lunch as long as my arteries aren't clogged.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2006,9/29/2006,388,463,3,4,6>If I was a rockstar from some small town in the middle of America - or another side of the globe - I think I would get a real big kick out of life, coming to a beautiful place like this, to have hundreds of screaming happy people wanting to see me play...The vineyards along the rolling hills underneath the setting moon - encased by a magnificent view of the South Bay - it's absolutely stunning!!I've seen some great bands play here and I think it would be a great life to have a little house on the hill somewhere closeby someday...
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2006,9/27/2006,12,9,6,6,4>I go to Pho To Chau Wednesday nights with my Sports Illustrated and an appetite for tripe.They take care of me there.  The waiter never smiles and looks like Droopy (really, this dude looks like the hound and has the dry wit to back it up), but always hooks me up with an unbelievable #7 regular -- pho with beef flank, brisket, parsley and shredded tripe -- 5 minutes after I sit down.  I used to get the large-sized pho, but realized 3 years after going to this place that regular is more than enough... sorta like how I used to wear large-sized clothing in high school, medium in college and finally accepted I was a small after graduating from college.The pho, spring rolls and bun -- dry noodle salad that comes with your choice of pork, shrimp, vegetables and fish sauce -- are definitely the main draws, but there is something else I like about this place.  I like to be alone and have quiet Kevin time every week.  Pho To Chau is one of my havens for solitude.  I can walk into this place, pick wherever I want to sit and eat my pho without any chicks bothering me for my digits.Other people see a dirty pho joint and would rather partake in delicious ramen next door at Ryowa.  Go ahead, you naive patrons of Mountain View.  Slurp your ramen and leave me alone on Wednesday nights.  I'm busy enjoying Vietnamese cuisine at its best while reading commentary on why Tiger Woods is such a pimp in my Sports Illustrated.  I'll join you tomorrow night... Ryowa is my Thursday joint.And don't even tell me Pho Hoa is better than Pho To Chau.  Pho Hoa is Scottie Pippen and Pho To Chau is Mike Jordan.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2006,9/26/2006,1523,769,2,17,8>Sayonara, sayonara, sayounaraaaaasoon, outside will be a white wintertomorrow, you will always be the same                                                       (Off Course 1979)---my old review---ABOUT RAMEN:  Beauty of Ramen is that there are so many different types and flavors.  People cannot understand why Ramen-TV Champion could eat Ramen on every meal and not get sick of it.  You see, to him, having tonkotsu ramen for lunch and Sapporo ramen for dinner is as different as having club sandwich for lunch and pork chop for dinner.  Because various ramen differs greatly, I hate to force rank ramen places and having to decide if Tokushima Ramen should go ahead of Miso Ramen.  When ramen quality reaches a certain level, rest is on preferences.  Some people hate pork spine bone soups.  Others only like shoyu-ramen.  My point is, I don't think there is one "Best Ramen" place in Tokyo or in Bay Area for that matter.  With that said, there are some really bad ramen places in the Bay Area, so try to avoid those (like Sapporo-ya yelp.com/biz/tBN6TYfOQEF).DO-HENKOTSU:  Located in the same mall as Mitsuwa, this restaurant is tucked away in the corner, but everyone seems to know about this place as there often is a line out the door.  I love Ramen places that do not give you the choice of soup, which is the case at Do-Henkotsu.  It tells you that they have ONE SOUP that they are proud of.  Their menu explains that one of the characteristics of Tokushima Ramen is that they only have one choice of soup.SOUP:  At first, it looks WAY TOO dark.  Fear of sodium overload hits.  But, I was pleasantly surprised that the taste was not too salty at all.  It had this unique flavor that I cannot accurately describe in writing, so you have to try it yourself.  Very good.NOODLE (MEN):  A little thinner than average.  It first reminded me of noodles at Suzu in J-Town.  Difference was, Do-Henkotsu's noodles had more koshi and didn't get soggy after time.  Very good. TOPPINGS:  Wow!  I loved their Niku Ramen.  Menu explained that in Tokushima, they call the pork on the noodle "niku" instead of "cha-shu".  Their "niku" was nicely flavored pork and tasted nothing like cha-shu.  I could just eat their "niku" with rice and be happy.  In addition to niku, it included bean sprouts, green onions, menma, and nori.  If you get their vegetable ramen, they give you lots of it.  PRICES(This note is for all ramen shops):  When it comes to ramen, I am a weirdo in that I completely ignore pricing.  It just doesn't matter to me if a bowl of ramen costs $6 or $10.  Now, I am not some rich uppity loser who hands a hundred dollar bill to pay for a $8 ramen.  In fact, I am critical of 'value-for-the-dollar' when eating other cuisines, so prices to factor in significantly in my other ratings.  For some mystifying reason, a whiff of ramen scent disrupts the nerve in my brain that ties money and food.  If ramen shops ever discover my secret, they would start charging $50 a bowl as soon as I walk in.OTHER THAN RAMEN:  Their tonkatsu meal was pretty good.  They used good quality thick piece of pork.  The way it was deep fried wasn't great, but it was still good.  I liked that their side soup was tonjiru (pork soup).  Meal included mozuku.  I've also tried their Gyoza, which was below average.  It was not as crisp as it should be and there was something wrong with the fillings.  Just didn't taste good.  Note to myself: don't order it next time.      SUMMARY:  We are very lucky to have a solid Tokushima Ramen place in the area.  Sure, I have driving from SF to San Jose, but it sure beats a long trip to Shikoku, the island where Tokushima is located.  While the decor of this place needs some help, ramen here is excellent.  I had their large bowl, but I still wanted more!!!  It was a satisfying experience after my disappointment at Ramen Haru (yelp.com/biz/x4kQVJjVlwz), which is just across the highway.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2006,9/25/2006,0,0,17,1,1>Nothing more than a place for your pretentious, wanna-be avant garde former high school friends to list all of their favorite suicide poets, existentialist playwrights, and French Impressionist composers.Oooooh look at me, I'm so cool, I like Anne Sexton and Sylvia Plath and JP Sartre and Claude Debussy.Oooooh look at me, I'm now a lesbian because it's so COOL to be a lesbian.Oooooh look at me, I can make my photographs have an artsy, sickly green hue with MS Paint. Because real talent is being able to adjust the RBG/CMYK slider bars. That, and writing in all lower case.I hate people. Especially people from high school.On the positive side, the Facebook immediately lets you know who's a dumbass; namely, those who list the DaVinci Code as their favorite book.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2006,9/24/2006,250,205,14,8,5>I'm just a guy.  I'm not a pretty boy, fancy lad, a dandy, or a metrosexual.  So why would I drop big money for a cut?  Because I don't know about hair, frankly, I don't care to know more than I do.  If I have to spend more than two minutes looking at my mug in the mirror, I'm annoyed.  I'd rather get cut well, and be good for three to four weeks, than having to smooth down a cow lick or wear a hat for month.I just went back today.Right afterwards, I had to take my friend over to RadioShack, closest one happened to be at Great Mall.  As we were walking back, he tells me that a girl was eyeing me.Had to be the haircut.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2006,9/23/2006,1241,362,5,7,4>Voted the best dry cleaners in Mountain View for several years in the Mountain View Voice, the local paper, when you show up to drop off your dry cleaning, they have numerous award plaques to prove it. I went there recently on Mar 29, 2006 to drop off several shirts, $2 each. Picked them up the next day, and of course, they did a great job. They offer same day service, provided you come in early enough. The business card also mentions wedding dress alterations. Pleasant, friendly service that gets the stains out, and gets them out well. Located in the Blossom Valley shopping center, there's always plenty of parking. Blossom Valley is a Mountain View neighborhood of ranch-style homes that began as a tract development in the 1950s. They turned down Eichler in 1954.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,7/21/2013,475,273,7,8,7>No BS, the burnt almond cake from Dick's Bakery is everything it's cracked up to be... AND THEN SOME.  We had it twice in 1 week!!!!  Definitely pick up one of these if you hope to impress at the next party!!
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,7/20/2013,139,17,6,9,9>Where has this place been all my life???  So I recently discovered this falafel stand several weeks ago and I can't seem to stop coming here for lunch. This place is steller! The first time I had ate here was after a long workout I had with my best friend. We were driving around town and saw this long line of people waiting for falafels (never had falafel before) so we decided to join the crowd and wait as well. Although we came during lunch hours and it was extremely packed it was sure worth the wait. The ingredients in the falafel were so fresh it just melted in your mouth with every bite. Ever since I have been coming here for lunch. I hope you enjoy this place as much as I did :)
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,7/19/2013,100,508,2,13,7>I'm going to go out on a limb here and suggest that at this point Citrus - a hotel restaurant in a mall - may actually be the best restaurant in the whole Santana Row/Westfield shopping mess.  But hear me out.  Though a lot of the Row restaurants started out decently enough, the realities of the area seem to have turned most of them into successful bastions of mediocrity.  Not so Citrus.  Under the leadership of a new chef ( Robert Sapirman, formerly of Parcel 104 - another hotel restaurant ), the food at Citrus is actually some of the most interesting California cuisine out there.Even a rainy Saturday night is not a wise time to visit Santana Row, but we did find parking near the top of the newer Winchester structure.  Citrus is on the third floor of Hotel Valencia.  We were quickly seated - even offered a choice of tables.Aside from the basic and popular steak options, the menu features some really interesting international flavors.  The Bison Kitfo ( an Ethiopian tartare - spicy and sour ) was excellent in flavor and generously portioned, arriving with little pieces of traditional flatbread.  Though not exactly authentic, the bison was tender and well-flavored - a daring and interesting combination.The diver scallops arrived three to a plate, cooked just right ( though one suffered from a slightly sandy texture ), and paired with a flavorful romseco sauce and what I can only describe as a savory bread pudding.Their wine list, running only three pages, is heavy on by-the-glass options, many under $10.  Our server knew the list well, and was able to recommend decent alternatives when they were out of my initial selection.The salmon main course was nicely cooked, with crisp skin and moist flesh.  My companion ordered one of two intriguing vegetarian options.  A flavorful tomato curry served with zucchini "noodles" and basmati rice presented in  a corn wrapper.  It was creative and tasty - certainly not just a gesture in the vegetarian direction.Dessert was Donuts - three pieces served with two sauces - and a seasonal persimmon Panna Cotta - wonderfully plated with several other components.Though not always fast, service was friendly and well-informed.  The restaurant remains a quiet refuge from the seasonal crowds, well suited for a romantic evening.  The menu has both excitingly creative and reasonably safe options.  This is an unexpected hidden gem on the Row.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/18/2013,333,171,8,9,8>what the amazing?!this place is like the best food truck you've ever eaten at, but at a permanent location...inside a restaurant that you won't have to track down on twitter. people have been posting about grub shack all over instagram, twitter and fb for months and i was eager to experience the greatness for myself...and i'm SO glad i did! three of us ventured out to grub shack and after a few circles around the block, were able to track down parking on santa clara street. we decided to order family style to get the most of menu's offerings.we ordered:-kalua pork fries -- BOMB. must order these!-kalua pork sliders -- BOMB, again [although, i was a little too full at this point to eat anything with bread...but by a small bite, i can tell you they were great]-basil chicken wings -- good. the marinade was sweet and tasty, but i have a hard time rating anything with a bone in it very high. if you love wings, then you'll love these.-garlic shrimp plate with mac salad and brown rice -- UH MAY ZEENG. these were unbelievable and reminded me of a shrimp truck in oahu. the mac salad and brown rice complimented the shrimp perfectly. next time i go to grub shack, i will order these as my meal...soloso glad this place has graced the south bay. i will definitely come here frequently...well, as frequent as my cheat days come around. you gotta come here ready to EAT and EAT WELL.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,7/17/2013,322,342,12,16,14>I, prob one of the luckiest Yelpers out there, was introduced to this place by none other than Denise DOPESAUCE L. who actually got the ROTD for this place last September! Whoa lucky ME!We had some complimentary pita bread with some very interesting dressing/dip. It was darn good, like an olive oil dip but..not? As another appetizer, we also ordered the Musaka eggplant thing:yelp.com/biz_photos/tRiDIt was darn good and mushy, crunchy, melt in your mouth goodness, and I'm not even too fond of eggplant either. I'm glad Denise suggested it because i'm more willing to try eggplant now!For our entree Dopesauce also recommended the Beriani--but with lamb--and this was BOMB. I love lamb and more importantly I LOVE yogurt sauce and this was the milkiest yummiest thing ever. It came with rice and in the rice was little surprises of golden raisins (what are golden raisins? ha-ha). Although my fatness complains that there should have been more lamb, I actually couldn't finish the meal. Took it to-go, and as Denise L's review states, the left overs taste even better because the rice soaks up all that milky damn goodness.Oh and we walked around Murphy Avenue in search for dessert and much to our disappointment there was not much to offer. However, this may have been a good thing because our funny appetites wandered back into DishDash to ask for another table FOR DESSERT!!! It was way worth the embarrassment because our BAKLAVA ICE CREAM was the bombbbb. Baklava is really sweet and it could have more ice cream, but this was 10/10 goodness. Pecans, baklava, vanilla ice cream--YUM.I would love to try other entrees but that Beriani is so good I don't think I could every get myself to try anything else. It does get packed here so be prepared to wait a bit, but it's totally worth the wait.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,7/16/2013,153,396,4,11,9>Wow, Kyusu is my new favorite restaurant! My fiance and I tried Kyusu a few weeks ago and were lucky enough to come on the last day for Silicon Valley Restaurant Week, which was a great deal (appetizer, 2 entrees, and dessert for $25). But even the regular menu prices are very reasonable with entrees about $8-12 each. If you haven't been to Kyusu or had Burmese food before, I recommend ordering multiple entrees and eating family style.The restaurant reminds me of Layang Layang, with simple decor and a comfortable atmosphere for families or couples. The service is friendly and food doesn't take too long to come out. So far I have liked everything that I've tried: -Tea Leaf Salad (I love the textures of the tomatos, nuts, dried shrimp, and cabbage.  Good and unique flavors).-Chicken Biryani -Coconut Noodle Soup (soo coconutty and creamy!) -Kauk Swe Thoke (room temperature flat noodles with chicken, cilantro, garlic, and roasted yellow pea powder. Very addicting)-Cornish Hen (good flavor, tender meat)-Shan Style Fish and Herbs (tender fish, herbs weren't overpowering)-Vanilla Ice Cream with Sanyinmakin (coconut rice cake)We also tried Rangoon Ruby in Palo Alto, but I like Kyusu a lot more. The prices are more reasonable and the food tastes better!
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,7/15/2013,219,140,4,4,5>*This review is for piercing only*Well, Yelp comes through for me again.  This listing is stacked with positive reviews for Jason, the piercer at Bulldog, so, deciding on a whim that I needed a nose piercing, I headed over to the shop.  There were a couple of people in line ahead of me, so I did have to wait a bit (what can you expect on a weekend?), but I'm definitely glad I did.  Jason was great!  Very professional, made me feel at ease, and actually just poked the needle through while he was distracting me with some chit-chat.  Not gonna lie and tell you that I didn't feel anything.  I mean, a needle was poked through my nose, right?  But, when looked at relatively, it was not bad at all.  He has quick and steady hands, a congenial demeanor, and gave very thorough aftercare instructions.Very happy with my experience.  Would go back there again!
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,7/14/2013,615,556,6,12,9>The former home of Twist Cafe and Twist Bistro now houses Sushi Confidential. While at first it seemed criminal to have to bid adieu to Twist, I'm happy to report that this sushi place should not be kept confidential.Having visited several times now, I've observed that the staff is friendly - sometimes slow - but the food is good. I recommend the sweet potato fries as a group starter (yes, at a sushi place), and have also enjoyed their pretzel sliders (get the chicken instead of tuna), the RSM roll (overpriced but tasty) and the Cabo Conspiracy roll (spicy and just about perfect - my favorite item here). When you add in their happy hour drink specials (like $2 saki bombs, $5 signature cocktails, among others), it's hard to go wrong here. Need a drink recommendation? My "Lips Are Sealed." And if you happen to be skipping the saki, their house hot tea is a nice respite on a cold winter day (it's complementary, if you request it). I can't wait for the weather to warm up a bit so I can enjoy the patio seating, but in the meantime, the slick interior and late night hours will do just fine for after-work escapades.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,7/13/2013,2665,2597,12,13,13>I love it! Thanks to their free Saturday classes I totally officially started Yoga! I have been meaning to get started on Yoga for a while, people have invited me, pushed me, heck even my best friend was prodding me every day to come with her, but I guess because I never really knew what it was about, I just never gave it much thought. I am glad I finally decided to come because Yoga is so different than what I thought it was. I don't know if I love it, but I don't hate it ... it's a start right?This yoga studio is small, but intimate, pretty well stocked full of goodies, and very clean from what I can tell. The instructors are great, and they're very calming and relaxing through the whole session, which I guess is the point ...I love one of the reviewers who said they thought yoga was just a bunch of people holding hands and praying for world peace haha ... I totally thought so too! Anyway, it was really enjoyable and if I lived around this area, I would definitely come more often!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,7/12/2013,82,86,5,5,7>It had been a while since I'd eaten at an Ethiopian restaurant and the hubby and I decided to correct that by heading to Walia. It was a Friday night and we had to wait about 15 minutes to get our table. What I loved about their seating process = they seated us at a 4 person table even though a party of 4 had arrived just after us. So they didn't try to make us wait for a 2 person table, even though they could've asked us to wait and seated the party of 4 first. I greatly appreciate such small gestures :)The first thing that hits you when you enter Walia is the amazing aroma of the food. OMG. I could start eating the air, it smelled so good! We were seated quickly and provided with a basic overview of how Ethiopian food works (I always like to hear what different restaurants have to say, though I know the drill by now :D). We ordered the veggie combo, timatim selata and spiced tea. Checking in on Yelp gives you an additional veggie side dish, so don't forget to check in :)My favorites in the veggie combo were the Shiro and Misir Wot. The Selata was pretty awesome too. And there was so much injera on the table we thought it would get wasted, but no sir, we don't waste food and we gobbled up every last bite of the injera and left a very clean plate. My spiced tea never arrived and we were charged for it when the bill arrived, but the staff was quick to correct the mistake and give us a 20% discount for the trouble! Thank you :)I can't wait to go back soon :)
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,2/5/2009,226,185,21,27,22>To find the spa itself within the huge estate posed a bit of difficulty.  While driving around the property, the signs pointing to the spa are not very helpful and who knows which entrance will lead you to your destination. I ended up parking and wandering around  the seemingly deserted domain hoping to stumble upon the proper entrance or get a hold of one of my girlfriends, whose cells each were going straight to voicemail, to guide me in the correct direction, until my verizon cell too lost all service.  Alas, I see a stairway leading to the hidden spa and I enter.I get changed into my bikini, covered myself up with their complimentary robe and slippers and headed off to their jacuzzi area, tub filled with relaxing girlfriends.  Though the jacuzzi area was for use of all their customers, it felt like it was our very own private Indonesian paradise.  Before I could even dip a toe into the water, my masseuse, Amy, summoned me into a private room to commence.  Room, perfectly dim, perfectly zen.  I indicated prior that I wanted my massage to be between light and medium pressure.  After a few trials, turns out the pressure I enjoyed most was hard (go figure). Eventually I succumbed to the aromatherapy, the peaceful sounds (which I recognized tracks from the movies Memoirs of a Geisha and The Secret Garden), and the muscle therapy. I fell asleep for a good 30mins thanks to all the holistic mumbojumbo.  When my time was up, I slowly stumbled out of the room feeling high as a kite and relaxed as fuuuuuu. I couldn't even complete the word because I was relaxed as fuuuu. Only to unwind even more in the jacuzzi with my girlfriends.The highlights of my signature massage had to be the warm stone therapy, the ten minutes worth of head massage, and when she was working my limbs. Amy is great!  I heard that one of their other masseuses was a bit chatty (which unfortunately would put you out of the zone), luckily, Amy was quiet as a mouse and only spoke to ask if the pressure was alright. The overall experience can be described with two words: simply divine.  And for a great value! $85 for a 75min massage and all day use of the facilities? Hell yea! Tip: purchase $100 value spa finder gift certificate from Costco for $80.  The difference turned out to be $5.  The package I went for goes for $125 total (not including tip), but if you're going with a group, which I highly recommend, you can talk them into a $20 discount per person = $85 per person!
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,2/4/2009,451,412,24,27,22>"7 Jeans (No Thanks), TRUE RELIGION! I say, "No," but they keep givin' So I keep on takin' and no I ain't taken. We can keep on datin'. I'll keep on demonstratin'. My love..."FOR TRUE RELIGION!   These jeans are so hot!  I love, love, love the Billy Straight leg jeans, the Stella skinnies, and yep, I'll pay $300 for jeans with rhinestones accentuating my humps.  If you got it, you might as well flaunt it in jeans that make you look hot.  You'll feel good and even oblivious boyfriends will comment.I would have given a 5 star rating since I love these jeans, but the sales girls in this store were anything but helpful or friendly.  I also think True Religion run big so order down a size or ideally 2.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,2/3/2009,156,263,23,8,8>Keepin' it divey.There's plenty of things to do here, including televisions, pool tables, trivia, couches and a small karaoke stage.I've spent quite a few late nights here when I worked in this area.My favorite memory though, was when I was here just enjoying a drink at the bar by myself, unwinding after work.Then a lady, at least in her 40's, bought me a corn dog from the bar.First, I had no idea they sold corn dogs here! What bar sells corn dogs?Second, how creepy was this.Third, I love corn dogs.Decisions, decisions.Turns out she met her ex-husband at this bar.Went home immediately and took a shower (to wash all the creep off).Don't take corn dogs from strangers, even if they're Foster Farms!
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2008,2/2/2009,76,106,6,10,9>If you're in need of some no-nonsense Persian food, this is your place.  I'm a big fan of Persian stews, and this is one place that Always has them on the menu - you don't have to get lucky and show up on the right weeknight.  I alternate between these two:ghormei sabzi (tender beef in a savory herb stew) fesenjon (tender chicken in a tangy pomegranate and walnut stew)All dishes are served with heaping mounds of rice.  I expect to take about half my plate home as leftovers, and stews only get better when they have a chance to set. Persian cuisine is big on meat.  Sure, they have veggie plates, but the meat is so so flavorful.  Koobideh is ground beef kabob, and is usually one of the most juicy, flavorful kabobs at any Persian restaurant, including Yas.  Chicken and lamb kabobs are also tasty.  For appetizers, I love the yogurt and cucumber (Masto-Khiar) and the baked eggplant dip (kashkebademjon).  And that shaker of brown flakes on your table?  That's sumac... a very earthy, slightly tangy seasoning that should be sprinkled heavily on the entree of your choice... it is Good Stuff.This is an easy place to eat dinner - unlike other reviewers, I've never had trouble parking.  The service is friendly and fairly attentive, and they remove plates as needed from the small tables.  The atmosphere, if that's the right word for it, is very low key, and it makes me feel like the yumminess of the food is a secret that's trying to be kept by disguising itself in an unassuming strip mall outfit.*please forgive wrong spelling... every place seems to spell the dishes differently, and this is a mish mash from my memory.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2008,2/1/2009,615,556,21,24,25>I've been putting off writing this review for a while. Not because I haven't gone to new places or had something to say...but there was no inspiration. Frankly it depressed me to have the big 3-0-0 be about some mediocre place that sucked.I wanted character, good service, and good food--all rolled into one.You get all three at this authentic Italian deli/restaurant. This is Italian American food at it's best! I've only tried the Italian Combo sandwich so far (with oil and vinegar) and it was delicious. I look forward to trying the amazing looking raviolis next time I come here (and trust me...there WILL be a next time).The decor is eclectic and warm. The staff is welcoming and they smile. Not fake ones either.It was packed when I arrived for lunch today...and I'm glad! Places like this are, sadly, few and far between now-a-days.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,1/31/2009,69,183,18,9,10>Alright, don't laugh guys.. But I threw a birthday party here over the weekend for my dog who just turned 1. My baby is no longer a pup. :(He had a BLAST, him and 10 of his doggy friends. They all had a good time, got goodies, and a few won prizes. What I really enjoyed the most was the interaction the parents (us) had with our doggies during certain games; for instance, we played musical chairs. I know! Right!?!?! We had to march around the chairs with our doggy on leash while until, of course, the music stopped. Once the music stopped, we had to command our dog to sit, and then we were able to sit on a chair. It was pretty fun... and funny. There are several other games you can choose to play as well: cake walk, bobbing for hotdogs, bubble play, laser light play, agility fun to name a few. Another plus was that he had his own birthday cake. :) We all sang happy birthday to my baby boy which was pretty cool. He looked too cute while he was sitting patiently in front of his peanut butter cake. The only negative thing I have to say is that we didn't get a group photo as promised; although, they deducted $25 from our final bill in lieu of the picture, so that was good. Overall, we all had a good time, especially my doggy. By the time we got back home, he was too pooped to do anything for the rest of the day. I'm definitely thinking about bringing my doggy, Fatso (yes, that's his name), over here for daycare. Btw - Staff was very very friendly. :)
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2009,1/30/2009,628,554,10,13,13>Due to my allergies this weekend, I think my experience would have been better if it wasn't so crowded and stuffy when I came. Don't get me wrong, this place has a hole in the wall feel to it. I ended up sitting at the sushi bar with my party and had the opportunity to observe a new chef in training (or so it seemed, because the other older chef kept a watchful eye on our sushi chef). - Seaweed salad: I hate it when they give you the illusion that you have a large portion, but in reality you find that the bowl is filled with lettuce to make it look fuller. Tasted like typical seaweed salad, but the portion size was small. - Dragon roll: The avocado was not spread out evenly, which meant if you got a middle piece of the dragon you won the jackpot and got basically all the avocado slices. Our roll did not have avocado spread all over it. The sauce was overly sweet. - Baked Salmon: Overload on the mayo tasting sauce, although the hint of spiciness in it made it a little more bearable. They did not bake the salmon on top all the way, which gave it a semi cooked/raw taste (no bueno). - Caterpillar Roll: This one was decent, but the overly sweet sauce was too overpowering. - Chicken Don Buri: A soggy, sweet mess. I've tasted it at other places, but it was just way too sweet. *Skip*- Spicy BBQ chicken Benton Box: I had a taste of the grilled chicken dipped in the sweet/spicy chili sauce that came with it, and it was probably the best dish out of all that we ordered. The service was great. The waitress refilled my cup of tea about a bazillion times even though I would only take one sip each time, she would come back again and again. I would only give this place 2 stars, even though my allergies may have tweaked my taste buds a bit, why was everything so sweet still?! The service was up to par and our food came out quick, one after another, plus one star! P.S. They sell their own t-shirts with "Got Sake?" on the back.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,1/29/2009,175,452,12,14,14>I have not had a cheesesteak since I was in Philadelphia in the 90's. I didn't know I even liked them that much but I saw Amato's on yelp and on a night when I had no cravings and didn't know what to eat, I dragged a friend to Amato's with me. It's not a big place but it does have some tables and chairs, TVs with games playing, and an open kitchen. You basically watch them make your meal. I knew that a shorty was going to be big enough to share so we got The Works and some cheese fries. That shorty is not short by any means. It's a huge roll stuffed with meat and other goodies. They were nice enough to half it and put each in their own basket. That was a nice touch I thought. The cheese fries were huge and swimming in cheese! There was hardly an exposed area. Everything was covered in cheese. It is not nacho cheese either because it's not spicy. It's melted cheesy goodness of what taste like Cheese Wiz. Mmmmmmmmmmmmm. The fries came out 1st in less than 5 minutes and the cheesesteaks came soon after. Neither of us was able to finish the meal. I wasn't headed home so I didn't want to take the leftovers. But now I know where I can go for some great cheesesteak and cheese fries!
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,1/28/2009,118,117,18,20,20>Craving for some crepes? Look no further....this little store makes the best tasting crepes and the price can't be beat! The decor has a tropical feel with monkeys everywhere, very cute! They have a good variety of crepes to choose from. I love 'The Works' for $5.50, loaded with ice cream, bananas, strawberries, kiwi, nutella, and whipped cream, AWESOME! Most other places will charge you double the price for the same thing, and this is truly the best tasting crepe I've had in many years.  Nice atmosphere and a plus for free WiFi for those who want to lounge around. They also serve shaved ice and beard papa cream puffs, along with some interesting drinks. Oh heavenly crepes, I'll be back for more!
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,1/27/2009,136,254,14,19,16>I came here yesterday for a massage with Jill. The rest of the office was closed so I can't speak about that.I was referred to Jill by our Team in Training Team Manager. Jill is an assistant tri coach during the summer so she is very knowledgeable about athletes bodies and how to work with them. With my first half marathon being just a couple weeks away, I decided I'd give my body the treat it deserved for going through all the training the past month and scheduled a massage with Jill. The office located on the corner of Scott and S. Bascom is not in the nicest of areas, so several times during the massage I heard sirens blaring in the background, but it is easy to find and there is parking right in front so I didn't feel that safety was an issue. When I arrived I was greeted by Jill who went through the standard pre-massage interview to find out what I wanted to have done and if there were any injuries or other pre-existing conditions she needed to be aware of. I did an 80 minute massage which was a combination of Swedish, deep tissue, and shiatsu. It definitely wasn't the most relaxing experience, but it was one of the best massages I've had because she really got into all of the knots in my shoulders and worked them out.  My muscles feel a lot more relaxed today than they did before my massage. Especially since the prices are so reasonable, I will definitely be back in the near future!*By the way, I think Jill books her appointments separately from the rest of the office, so PM me if you'd like her direct contact information.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2007,9/24/2007,315,242,8,12,9>First allow me to shout from the rooftops....I LOVE MY HAIR!!!!!!  AND I LOVE BEN NGUYEN!!!!!!(Climbing down...)My sisters and I are a one-salon trio - first it was Gary Manuel in Seattle (yelp.com/biz/hXohGww38ZW), and now it's Ben in Menlo Park.  When we find a place, we stick to it, and after going through many many stylists in the area, we have finally found our place.Ben is just awesome.  When I went in, early, he was sitting waiting, and he immediately got up and greeted me.  Then I showed him what I wanted, and he took his time really studying my hair, judging to see how it would look.  When he finally decided how to do it, he told me exactly what he was going to do and why.  Then he put this deep purple cape on me, which made me feel like royalty.  (would have gone so well with the purple Mohawk, dfens...)While he was cutting my hair, I didn't say a word, and he didn't either...he was quite intent on cutting.  Actually, the only sounds I made were laughs when I started to realize how delighted I was going to be.  But I totally appreciated the silence - the last haircut I had, the woman talked and talked and talked.  Luckily a bunch of us girls were there, so we could all talk together, but we were seriously there for hours.Some housekeeping business: He's based out of European Styling Parlour in Menlo Park, but he's his own man - makes his own appointments, collects his own money, etc., so if you call the salon, they will refer you to his cell.  So call him directly.  And bring cash.So yes, HIGHLY recommended.  I so wanted to make this the mother of all reviews for the sole reason to get him more business (I don't think he's been there long).  But you can tell how enthusiastic I am, right?  Go go go!  You won't be sorry.  Oh!  And I didn't mention...he only charges $40!...just put the pic up.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2007,9/23/2007,410,212,12,10,8>I can barely change lanes on the freeway, have panic attacks if I see the slightest thing go wrong on the road, mistake the brake for the gas pedal, among many other things AND YET my BF still lets me drive his BMW every weekend!  Imagine that!My most recent driving assignment was to drive to downtown San Jose and find a breakfast place.  Thank goodness this IHOP location is right off of the freeway (87 N, to be exact) otherwise I would have gotten myself into an accident for sure!  There is no possible way anyone could finish an entire plate by themselves, so my BF and I always share.  This time in particular, we shared the "Vive la French Toast" and it was just enough between the two of us.  Breakfast is the most important meal of the day and since the staff at IHOP are hardworking and friendly; and the food is a little above average, who wouldn't like have breakfast here?
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,9/22/2007,203,272,7,9,9>After reading Jordano's recent review for Peet's Coffee and finding out that their founder recently passed on, I thought I'd give my own props to the best coffeemakers in the bay area.When I first moved to San Francisco, my roommate Earle introduced me to Peet's. He was a Peet's fanatic; it was the only kind of coffee he'd buy. I thought he was insane. My first impression was.... Jesus... this is like... drinking coal!  I was still the kind of coffee drinker that Earle didn't consider a REAL coffee drinker - meaning, I didn't like it black. Taking the same "so-not-cool" approach as I did during my wish-i-could-erase-it "nicotine phase" (french inhaling, buying menthol or a generic brand), I drank Maxwell House. I used crystals. I liked cream and sugar. Earle didn't want to acknowledge we were actually roommates.So yeah, it's true, I didn't like the taste of Peet's at first. It was SO STRONG. But after a few months, I was hooked. It has such a unique taste.  There is something about being a Peet's coffee fan that makes you feel like you're in this hip club. It's like going to a Liz Phair show. You and all the other fans know how cool you are just for being there. That's right, baby.... we like it strong.... we like it dark... we know the good sh*t...When I was working for an investment firm, years back, they announced one day that they'd be switching to Peet's coffee for all the employees. I have to admit... that's probably one of the reasons I stayed at that job longer than I should have.The Redwood city location has nice people working there... at least, they did when I went a few months back. I remember being really impressed by the gal with curly brown hair who got my coffee but I didn't get her name. She was super friendly and helpful - without being annoying. It's a careful balance, especially when you're probably wired on 4-5 cups of leaded java. Farewell Alfred Peet. Thanks for all the years of jacking me up on your fine, fine brew, and may you still have some way to enjoy it in the afterlife.-------------Update: I just went in again and saw the same barista chick who was super cool the first time, and looked at her nametag - it was Jill. She's great.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,9/21/2007,796,810,,17,13>The finest Asian restaurant overall for decor, food, service and ambiance that I have experienced.  Pretty tall statement from this foodie veteran, but Tamarine simply "blew me away".  Went is for early dinner at 5:30pm. Was graciously greeted and seated in the far back room.  We were the first ones there (of 8 tables), and we had it to ourselves for about a half an hour.  Then it filled up to capacity. The restaurant elegant in decor.  Felt like I was in a French Indochina restaurant from the old flicks, but modernized for up to date.  Great paintings of Vietnamese scenes throughout and other very appropriate decor. Simply a very "feel good" place. Our server was great.  Offered a complete overview of the menu, and volunteered to match the wines with our choices. Service was outstanding throughout the entire meal.  We decided to get as many different tastes and dishes as we could.  So we started with the Tamarine Tray which has 4 of their appetizers.  Our waiter ended up recommending a Chennin Blanc and Sancerre depending on for what dish.  We took him up on his offer to bring a half glass of each which was just perfect for our food. We continued with the crab/noodle dish, the scallops/squash in curry dish and hainan rice (ginger plus a mix).  The appetizers came first.  Scrumptious.  Each morsel provided an explosion of spices and taste very unique.  The regular spring rolls with peanut sauce were very fresh and tasty, the spicy meat wrapped in seaweed was out of this world, the vegetable rolls with dipping sauce were fried just right, and finally we had the shaved papaya with beef strips on top.  Simply stunning assortment of food and tastes. What more can I say. Main courses of the crab and noodles was to die for. I could have ordered and ate another one by myself, but did restrain myself. The scallops/squash in the light curry broth went great when put over the hainan rice. Other entrees on the extensive menu that caught my eye: Shrimp Spring RollsBanh Mi RotiWok Pho NoodlesSalt and Pepper CalamariHoisin RibsShrimp and Corn FrittersHoney Roasted QuailLemongrass Beef SkewersGinger Chicken SaladHa Long Bay SoupLemongrass BassRice Wine SalmonCitrus Brined Pork ChopsHoisin Lamb ChopsBun ChaShaking BeefOh, yes, dessert time.  Unbelievable.  We both had the banana chocolate mouse cake!  Yes.  It is real, and it is one of the most delectable morsels of dessert ever to pass by my way. Overall experience was just wonderful.  Cannot remember a place or time where I had as good as food and thoroughly enjoyed the entire experience. Price:  about $45/person; not including wine.  Shared appretizers and 2 main dishes. Not unreasobable IMHO given the food quality and tastiness. My highest recommendation, for sure!  Absolutely, positively the place to go for fine Asian Fusion/Vietnamese food.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2007,9/20/2007,200,605,10,5,4>99 chickens walk into a barThe bartender says, "We don't serve chickens here!"The 99 chickens say, "Cluck-you!" and walked out of the bar.I'm not really sure why this joint is called 99 chicken. We spent a good 5 seconds discussing the reasons for the 99 in front of the chicken. It never occurred to me to ask the owner.  Maybe it was the music ala John Tesh or the many photographs on the wall that made me forget about my "99" questions. The chicken was a tad bit expensive for 10 pieces. I didn't like the different flavors. I found the fried chicken with out the flavoring the best to taste. The salad bar was nice and I especially liked the pickled Dikon. This was a one time YELPY thing. Not my kind of bag.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2007,9/19/2007,333,320,5,13,9>I love this place.  After hearing about the Brewery for years now the BF and I finally made a trek down to Half Moon Bay to check it out last night -- and I'm glad we did.Taking the 1 it only took about 25 minutes to get there and the drive is scenic as you can imagine right along the coast.  It was absolutely beautiful.  When we arrived it was PACKED so finding parking took some time on its own but nothing too long whatsoever.  We had called ahead to make reservations but found they were no longer taking them for the evening and the wait for outside sitting [it's dog friendly, so we brought Philly] was approximately 1 hour and 20 min!! Oh well, we figured we would just drink til we got our seating.We grabbed some drinks.  Though I'm not a beer girl so I had a vodka tonics and the bf did the beer sampler for 4 bucks.  They had told us when we arrived the wait would be 2 hours!! But we decided to sit cozy and wait for our table.  Well,  lucky us.  They completely overexaggerage the waiting times to ensure not to mislead the potential customers and the wait only took about 45 minutes for a table for two and the pooch with a view of the water.  The menu looked appetizing - it's primarily seafood with some burgers and such - so we ordered the clam chowdah, beer battered artichoke hearts, the fish stew and salmon fish sticks.  Everything was sooo good and the waitress was super nice.  I would definitely go back.  It's the picture perfect place to spend a sunny day with friends or family.  It's not the classiest joint -- think a step down from Park Chalet in ambiance [though it's just as good in comparison] but for me I couldn't ask to spend the evening anywhere better.  Loved it!! I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2007,9/18/2007,871,695,78,19,25>Dear Safeway, When you moved into town, I shed a tear.  No longer would I have to drive to the most worthless town in the bay area (Milpitas) to get my groceries.  No longer would a "quick trip" to get milk be a one hour ordeal.  And when my house mate at the time was going through "that time of the month" you made the pamprin and tampax that much easier to get.  And believe me, being gone for more time than I needed to when delivering those goods, yikes.  You brought to my life an olive bar, rotisserie chicken, and endless combinations of 3 hour old sushi.  For all of this, I thank you from the bottom of my heart.  Now that I have gotten that out of the way.  I would like to drop a couple of giant F BOMBs in your lap.  F BOMB #1:  There are roughly 30,000 people in the immediate area.  Who was the genius that built only 200 parking spots?F BOMB #2:  How many times are you going to rearrange the aisles?  It's been a little over 2 years since you have opened and you have moved my Crystal Light packets 3 times.  Just tell me where the friggin crystal light is??!?!F BOMB #3: Open 24/7 does not mean employing 1 person between the hours of 10pm and 10am.  By all means, I like waiting an hour to checkout in the middle of the night.Look, I don't like you, you don't like me, but we're all we've got so we're going to have to learn to live with each other.  Just keep my crystal light in one spot and I'll keep my mouth shut.  SignedArchiePS - Just remember...Milpitas isn't THAT bad.  PPS - LOL.  I know..i know..you called my bluff...it is.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2007,9/17/2007,521,497,12,20,20>When I heard that the 1st Yelp South Bay event was going to be here, I tried to remember what used to be here.   My recollection was that there actually used to be a garage at that location.  Where were they going to fit all those people?  Surely, they weren't gonna be able to fit that many people...unless they were planning to rope off the parking lot.  It's been awhile since I've visited that side of SJSU...things have changed since I went there. I was wondering what was going to be served at the Garage.  To my surprise, it is a cool neighborhood cafe with an outdoor patio for guests to dine.  It was the perfect spot for the 1st event for the South Bay.  The weather was great and the food was superb.  Had I not had something to eat earlier at Obon, I would've chowed down more on the chicken wings and ribs.  They didn't have your typical selection of domestic beers, but it was great trying something different.  The band that they had was ok, but a little twangy for my tastes.  I hear they have different bands in all the time, as well as a movie night.  Definitely worth coming back to chill without the Yelp crowd.  The staff and owners were also great in accommodating everyone.  They were really up to the task of taking care of everyone.   I think they've carved out a nice little niche off San Carlos.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2007,9/15/2007,1071,862,17,12,13>Sometimes, when I'm broke- I come to Subway for the $2.99 daily special. I can see Subway through the windows in my office, so I can see when they are so busy that the line spills outside of  the door. I absolutely cannot stand waiting- so I call in my order and then walk past all of the people waiting to the front of the line. I catch a lot of people shooting me the evil eye- but I keep walking. Afterall, they could be VIP's at Subway too- if they picked up the phone and dialed (408) 297-8090.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2007,9/14/2007,107,222,9,7,2>Just for having the balls to name your place "Yummy Buffet" gives you an extra star. Seriously, this place clowns Super Buffet, Crazy Buffet or Happy Buffet. Why do I say this? Because their crab is dungeness crab with hella meat inside instead of those dinky little deep fried blue crabs that have no meat in them whatsoever served at these aforementioned places. The crab alone gets them a star above the other Chinese Buffets.Service is always meh at these types of places. The layout was a bit strange and the sushi wasn't quite sticky but you know what, the crab was bomb! Everyone kept staring at us because we would bring back heaping plates of food to share at our table. We ate it like a bunch of savs, not even stopping to drink. In adding to the savageness that took over us once we set foot inside this place, we entertained my son by sticking a crayfish onto a chopstick and sticking that into a glass, at the end of our meal of course. Then he wanted more so he kept taking all the chopsticks and handing them to my brother's gf to stick another crayfish on. We ended up with a bouquet of crayfish, I feel bad for the people who had to clear our table.Needless to say, it hurt to breath after. We tried walking off some of the madness at Target across the street. I waddled through the store all comatose and just waiting for someone to ask me how far along in my pregnancy I was. Seriously, I looked like I could have easily been 4 or 5 months prego. All bad, but soooo good.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/21/2013,1456,138,23,21,22>Chromatic Coffee knows what's up.I patron this place often because the baristas here know coffee. They eat the beans raw. They snort it. They bathe in it. They majored in coffee-ology. You get the picture.They can answer any and all questions you have about what they have to offer. It's a great place to hang out and study and it can get very crowded. I love their iced dark coconut mocha.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,3/20/2013,136,162,22,23,21>If Chef Thomas Keller ever had a Vietnamese lovechild and it was a boy, this would be his son's restaurant. I love Chef Keller so it's no surprise that I love owner, Chef Jefe of Le Bon. He is a culinary mastermind at marrying french and vietnamese cuisine as well as flavors and spices. There are a lot of great places to eat in the South Bay, but only a number of places can give you a foodgasm. Le Bon will make you JIYM.They say you eat with your eyes first, your nose second, and lastly your mouth. Le Bon has not only mastered tastes and flavor, but they really know how to plate food and make it attractive. All the dishes are large portions at more than affordable prices. It is a fast-casual restaurant with a homey decor to create a "comfort food" setting. I love the bookcase that greets you when you walk in, to the upside down wooden block city on the ceiling. There are so many little details that can be appreciated in this gem of a restaurant.Now on to the food! Everything is fantastic, but I am absolutely enamored by the garlic noodles, burgers, and banh mi's  (I know, that's like half the menu, but it's THAT good). I like that the menu is fairly simple with a few special items offered on a rotating basis (coq au vin, beef pho, etc). The garlic noodles are very special because the noodles are FRESHLY made daily and the dish has the perfect balance of flavors. The burgers are massive, juicy, and what really ties it all together is their specialty sauce. The banh mi is perfect thanks to their french baguettes which is flaky on the exterior but  soft at the bite. The only other times I've ever had such perfect bread is at Saigon Bakery and East Borough(!!!!!! a rarity)If you're looking for small bites: fries, salad, or a Buddha bun will satisfy your cravings.Le Bon also has a customer rewards program through Five Stars which rewards you for your purchases with free food items. And they cater too!! Why are they so awesome? I'm going to eat here until I die. A must try for all my foodies, especially if you love pork belly!!! I think it's time I go try to convince my community manager, Abby, to create a yelp elite event here so that everyone can experience "de bon goût" of Le Bon.Oh! And can you believe the owner/chef is only in his early 20's? That guy is really good looking.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,3/19/2013,80,157,7,9,8>DIshDash. You are delicious.CLEANLINESS: 4/5SERVICE: 4/5FOOD: 4/5+Beriani DajajGreat place! Great food. We went here for lunch and the wait wasn't too long luckily. The decor is nice and clean. Service was good. The food was pretty amazing. The appearance doesn't make it look appealing at first because it looks super saucy, but it's so good! I got the Beriani Dajaj which is chicken pieces with yogurt sauce and rice. The sauce is really really good. The chicken is tender and went very well with the rest of the dish. I'll be coming back soon!
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/18/2013,367,364,5,7,5>My brother and I went here on Super Bowl Sunday and let me say, fantastic choice. We were able to golf for for an amazing price and there was absolutely no one in front of us on the course. We were able to stroll through the course and have an excellent time. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The course was well taken care of and it was challenging for the beginner that I am. This course is a great place to go if you are a beginner who is looking to challenge themselves a little more than the 9 hole courses.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,3/17/2013,362,798,5,8,7>Had the chance to try my friend's mushroom ragout on top of grilled and creamy polenta. This was outstanding and really delicious. The portion size isn't huge, but the flavors are great. I also had some of the duck fat fries. They definitely taste richer than your usual fries, but I'm not sure the extra calories and fat are really that worth it. The dipping sauce that came with it was some sort of aioli. I definitely want to try out the shrimp scampi pasta next time. And I'm reading reviews about chicken & waffles too, so here's hoping I can visit again to try their ever evolving menu!
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/16/2013,967,1207,9,12,11>Last week I was here for a large celebration in the back room and it was amazing.. in a foreign mom and pop kind of way. The place gives me the vibe of visiting relatives in another country with good food, great company and down to earth hospitality. Despite our numbers having dwindled due to flu (damn flu season) they were more than gracious especially in light of our quickly deteriorating sobriety. I was overwhelmed with the nonstop entrees coming out:- kalbi- seafood pancake- Fried Chickens- Seafood Pancake- Kalbi- Tofu soup- Squid Stirfry- Bibimbab- All side dishesI couldnt stop salivating over the fried chicken, the banchan jap chae was fantastic, love those fish cake ban chan, the sizzling kalbi really helped balance out the soju, and last but not least the staff was always tentative with a smile!Wish I could forget karaoke... not enough soju in the world to forget bad karaoke... takes only a little soju for any kind of karaoke! But karaoke in any form is fun for all those around.. at least for the ones who were drinking.... kekekeke I was drinking!all I can say isgamsahabnida;D
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,3/15/2013,376,238,9,10,10>A little bit down the road from this location I noticed one of my tires had lost a considerable amount of air - I have no idea how to pump air in my tires.When I pulled into their station they had already been closed for the day.I told him I needed help and instead of pointing me to the air machine a few feet away, the guys working here were sweet enough to open back up their doors for me. He not only checked my air pressure on all tires but he pumped the air for me too :)I didn't want to be considered as a damsel in distress so I asked them to teach me but he insisted I sit in my car and he would take care of it. Someone lied, chivalry isn't dead :)
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/14/2013,130,96,7,6,7>Where has this place been all my LIFE?! I've always heard good things about this place but never had a chance to go here until last week! Now I found a new place to hit up when I just want some fries. Couple issues as soon as I walked in though, first, it's located on 3rd Street downtown and parking could be an issue, second, the actual place is really small and seats are very limited, especially with SJSU students coming in & out from class. So I went with my homie and it was both our first time so we shared our orders, I got the Pork Sliders & he ordered the Kalua Fries. The fries taste similar to the fries from Five Guys, I'm sure they cook them in peanut butter oil. Presentation is good too, i posted a picture on my Instagram and instantly got 50 likes and i'm not even popular on IG. BUT i was seriously disappointed they don't have any KETCHUP! How you gunna sell fries and not offer ketchup!? C'MON CUH!Overall, good food, limited seats, no ketchup, i'll still give this place 5 out of 5 stars!*** Oh and they have weird store hours, double check before coming thru!
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,3/13/2013,1114,1200,11,17,11>That is it. The best Italian style thin crust pizza in 40 miles radius. The pie texture was excellent . It was thin, chewy and consistent throughout. There were no overcooked tough spot or soggy middle. Tomato sauce was bold, yet perfectly balanced between sweetness and tartness. Toppings were tasty. The pie sit in the oven for the right amount of time at the right temperature. The result was a Margherita pizza with gooey melted mozzarella and strong fragrant basil. The Fennel Sausage and Portobello Mushroom pizza was just as good even without their signature tomato sauce. Our server told us an interesting story about their Warm Cornmeal Shortcake dessert. Apparently someone came in and offered to pay $200 to have it made when it was off the menu for the season. Was it amazing? Yup. I enjoyed every single bite of the cake. It was a simple recipe but well made. Was it $200 nice? You be the judge.Pizza Antica is a great place for pizza. Probably the only place in Santana Row that is worth braving the crowdedly madness.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/12/2013,805,256,10,17,13>Ive been here 3 times in the past month. Once every week. This is my friend's and I to-go place when we want to talk and REFRESH our memories about things that we wanna (like T-pain says) blame on the ah ah ah ah alcohol. hahaha The placing of this restaurant is hard to find. Its in a pretty dark plaza if you go at night... But if you know where the old Quiznos used to be on Saratoga-Sunnyvale, thats where it is! (still has the quiznos symbol on the floor, but you can barely tell). has GREAT parking!The ambiance is really nice here. good for a date or to chat up with some friends. It's still new, so sometimes there arent that many customers (good for gossiping haha). The waiters/waitresses here are SUPER nice. Like my friends and i couldnt decide to order either tea or water and we kept fumbling around and they just offered to bring us EACH both tea and water (all 3 times we came here LOL). They're really patient too. We didnt know what to order for the longest time so they just came back later, even though it was totally obvious we werent even TRYING to choose a dish to eat. (also ask for SPENCER!!!! he sings, plays guitar, and from NYC!)We have had the:mini salad: free! they give it to you and its a good mini appetizerMetallica: one of the bigger rolls, crunchy and really good. Blue Ocean: my friend had this twice bc it was JUST THAT GOOD. (baked)49er: has lemon/orange on top, the salmon is delicious on toptropical thunder: has a lot sea weed on top, but good nonetheless.Heaven: one of their specialties!!! (:tempura ice cream: huge and crunchy and topped with a cherry! so good after a filling meal. green tea ice cream: refreshing after sushi! perfect and creamy.the OWNERS are so nice!!! They remembered us from the first time we came in (probably from our insanely loud and obnoxious laughs) the 2nd time the tempura ice cream was on the house and so was the green tea ice cream the 3rd time we came in! (: she was so nice to us. They also have a 10% discount coupon on their card the next time you come in, but we didnt have the heart to use it since she already have us dessert. GREAT PLACE. will definitely come back again!!!
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2008,2/17/2008,162,293,24,15,14>Can anyone tell me what the hell is going on with Russians and their cherries? I loooooove cherries, and for a long time thought I was the only cherry crackhead on the planet, but after a visit to Slavic Shop this weekend, I found my Russki comrades are just as obsessed as me. I found the following cherry products: - Chocolate with cherries (several varieties)- Sour Cherry tea- Black Cherry tea- Black tea with cherry flavour added- Sour Cherry syrup- Cherry strudel - Some kind of cherry liquor (I think it was palinka)- Cherry blintzes- Cherry vareniki...aaand I think you get the point. I have tried every single item mentioned except the palinka, and they're all delicious. I got home and wished I had purchased that sour cherry syrup, so I could add it to my Sprite and vodka for my Drinking Alone At Home On Saturday Night drink. I also wished I had bought the item labeled "Alex's Meat: Baby Bologna" (see photos) for the sheer pleasure of purchasing something called "Baby Bologna". One thing Slavic Shop does that I haven't seen at other international/Slavic stores is label all their shelves with the flag and name of each product's country of origin. It helps to differentiate between Hungarian and Russian sunflower seed oil (because there is some existential and cosmic variation between the two) and it's extremely useful in the beer/wine section. You can find Baltika 2 through 9 here, if you want to try each variety (I think my favourite is six). They also have a video rental area (mostly VHS, and you can return them after hours via the mail slot), an unkempt shelf of Russian books, and a huge selection of bulk Russian candies and chocolate (Kara kym  and Belochka are the best). If I had a Valentine, I would've bought him that huge, uber-cheesy box of chocolates with St Basil's Cathedral on the lid. Or the Baby Bologna. And the palinka. I'd also buy him a greeting card shaped like a nesting doll, and some galomki (cabbage-wrapped meat and veg, sort of like a spring roll but not fried). Clearly the man of my dreams is a fatass like me.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2007,2/16/2008,267,382,5,7,6>I never thought that I would say this about somebody who ripped hairs from my nether-regions, but Jane deserves *way more* than 5 stars.  I could not have asked for a better first experience with a Brazilian wax.  Jane was fabulous.Thanks to the other yelperettes for their extremely positive and informative reviews that helped me muster up the courage to go to lavender and get my first Brazilian there.  I have to say, it was nowhere near as bad as I thought it would be.  Yes, it was painful, but I was expecting worse - Jane was glad I didn't scream...I guess some people scream... Jane was VERY thorough.  She also put me at ease immediately - she was extremely easy to talk to and even had me laughing while she was working.  I also liked that the table I was laying on was heated, that helped me stay relaxed as well.  Even though I was prepared for it from the other reviews, I didn't have to get on all fours.  The blue wax is great and I still have all of my skin :oPI also have to praise the overall customer service.  I had called to make my appointment and left a message and the receptionist returned my call within the hour and was pleasant to speak with.  When I got to lavender, the gentleman at the reception desk was also pleasant.  I think I'll be a regular customer from now on.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2007,2/15/2008,854,590,48,27,27>Maria is right.  BEST audience EVER. This place is like a little slice of Los Angeles in our own back yard.  I never knew Kathy Griffin's target demographic is bitches who wish they were Lara Flynn Boyle.  I mean, I expected the cliched super gay dudes* and they were there but the women?  I said, God Damn, GOD DAMN.  Clavicles that could poke an eye out, botched botox, Uggs with tassels.  TASSELS.  Listen, ladies.  There is only one LFB and that bitch is so crazy that she doesn't even know how to open the front door to leave her house anymore.  She is prancing around in silk negligees and a turban trying to turn door knobs with her teeth and shit.  THAT is how she rolls.  She doesn't even know who Kathy Griffin is.  She can't even recognize her own mother.  She wears hamburgers as hats.  She is probably boning a Saudi prince as I type this.  She is the very essence of Fabulous.  She is our Little Edie.  You are not her.  You can dress like you're 20 when you're really 2,000 and you can bronze your wrinkled not-cleavage (both things that LFB does on the regular) but you will never, EVER be even close to that level of AWESOME and there is no future in your frontin'.  But thank you for making me think of LFB...I just love that bitch so much I sometimes think my heart will explode from it. Other than that, the winery itself is very beautiful.  The acoustics are impressive for an outdoor space and since you're down south from the city, the weather is much warmer which makes being outside quite pleasant...however, it does gets chilly after sun down so bring a sweater or coat (or leopard print shrug if you're some sluts in the audience).  I would like to give a special shout out to the man who was seated two rows behind us who was giving hysterical color commentary during Kathy's whole set.  Sir, I love you and want to have your very gay babies.  Oh, and the traffic control sheriff working last night totally hates handicapped people.  I'm not kidding.  I'm sure he hates black people too but I didn't see any here so I can't speak specifically to that.  Luckily, the staff at the winery was lovely to the criplets in our group and helped them safely to and fro.  In conclusion, my iced soy latte cost aprox. $100 U.S. (Thanks, Kristina!!!)And finally, celebrity gossip I learned during the show:1) Jerry Springer lives in the penthouse of the Hancock building in Chicago.  Oprah Winfrey lives on the floor beneath him.  BURN.2) The gay beat boxing kid from American Idol is gay.3) Paris Hilton can get you a reservation at any restaurant in Los Angeles with no notice.  Oh wait, I learned that the last two times I saw Kathy perform.  GET SOME NEW MATERIAL, GRIFFIN!  *Does it fucking bother anyone else when Kathy Griffin refers to her male homosexual fans as, "her gays"...it's like bitch, they are PEOPLE.  If you prick them, do they not bleed?  Kathy Griffin is all, "Yeah and their blood is rainbow colored." and I'm like, "SEE!  RACIST!"
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2008,2/14/2008,632,224,10,18,17>Once in awhile, so bereft of sleep, my body relents to hibernation; thirty-six hours of don't-call-me-I'll-call-you, like Dead.To.The.World., I might as well be anesthetized.  It's amazing, really, to wake up in the shadows and glows of street lamps peeking through the blinds with not a clue as to what year or time of day it is and certainly not a single worry or question except for the most important one, of course, which is, what to feed this hollow belly:  Breakfast or dinner?  Bellini or pinot noir?  Bacon or bacon?  Come Friday, I had seen the sun rise once too many times this week.  A literal pain was crying out to play the social Flake card and book some time with said dormancy.  Tempted to take a rain check yet again, I decided better of it and met a friend for dinner at Jin Sho.Good call, because this is possibly my new favorite sushi joint.  Kiss Seafood and other more traditional Japanese restaurants are run by, arguably, traditional and frigid chefs - their frown lines deep and settled in, marked by how despotically they take their codes and craft.  But the head chefs are so mild and good-natured that I'm won over by how they manage to move orders in the open kitchen without sacrificing their plating skills or abandoning their counter patrons.  Observe how soft and limber Ichiro-san keeps his wrists when knifing, like a beauty queen waving in a street parade.We chose the mid-range omakase, and due to fact that it was our first visit, the chefs presented us with dishes (but nothing fried at my request) off the menu as a general sampling:  wild toro tartare topped with caviar and a very sweet yamamomo served on a bed of shaved ice;  wild seared sake with kaiware and a delicious onion-miso sauce;grilled marinated miso black cod; angus beef tobanyaki (sadly, came out too well-done for my taste);assorted sushi, including maguro zuke;miso soup;strawberry panna cotta;mango mochi ice creamThe servers were top notch and attentive, refilling my tea cup just before I thought to motion.  In fact, one of my guys left Sumika Los Altos to join the team at Jin Sho and as always, he was so nice to present us with a bottle of nigori sake off the menu.  I recommend the hou hou shu sparking sake as a delectable complement to dessert.  Unless you have a particular aversion to raw foods, my opinion is that the omakase (namely, the entrees) isn't necessary, but a great way to familiarize yourself with the real strengths of the menu.  My next visit shall no doubt include a lot more sushi bar and sashimi selections, a special request for uni and a certain spider roll wrapped with a sheet of cucumber.  As other people have described, if you're looking for a bit of pizazz and sexiness, the peninsula's version of a Jewel Bako NY has yet to make an appearance (*sigh*), but what Jin Sho does do right is serve wonderful quality fish and that makes it a jem it it of itself.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2008,2/13/2008,690,683,2,12,12>I'm rounding up to four stars for the NASA Visitor Center because its mere existence is pretty awesome.My five year old and I spent about 90 minutes here yesterday.  We saw pretty much everything in the first 15 minutes, then went back through and spent more time with the things that caught his attention.  The center offers  a few great models, a lot of compelling photos and a reason to learn more about the solar system.It's fair to say that the visitor center here has the appearance of an afterthought -- really NASA Ames is a research facility -- and that many of the exhibits appear amateurish or in disrepair.  So I was admittedly a little disappointed, and couldn't help thinking that NASA should get together with the people who run the Tech Museum in San Jose or the Exploratorium... NASA has so much great content to work with that it's a shame their "museum" is relatively lame.So it's not an all-day museum, but it is still a fun little visitor center and I'd recommend it as a good place to stop in for an hour.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2008,2/12/2008,942,253,28,19,21>Fours stars for the most delectable, melt in your mouth goodness of a RAISED (not cake folks) GLAZED donut  in the south bay!!!  One star off for CASH ONLY....I rarely carry cash so this becomes a problem for me at times....like today when I ate lunch at Lou's Restaurant in LG (fortunately my friend had cash on her so she paid and I went to the BofA afterwards)...My first visit to Stan's was a result of driving the hubby to his podiatrist appointment at Kaiser Santa Clara when I spied the shop.  I immediately turned to the hubby and said "Honey, I'm stopping for a raised glaze!" and made a quick left into the parking lot.  The hubby thought I was crazy but I've been meaning to drop by here for years ever since the review came out in the San Jose Mercury News a million years or so....really!The hubby said he didn't have any cash on hand and I said cheerfully. "No problem, I'm sure I have enough to buy a dozen to take home!" ...well, when I opened up the purse, moths flew out and a lone dollar bill was cringing in the deepest corner hoping I wouldn't notice.  I pulled out the one dollar bill and ran into the shop.Stan's Donut Shop is really old and tired decor wise with a long rectangular shape going on forever or so it seems.  Bar stools line the counter top (have you ever seen this at any donut shop folks?) with an interesting assortment of folks that made me think "Twilight Zone" minus Rod Sterling as they slowly turned their gaze toward me at the register."One raised glazed donut please!" I said with a smile as one guy worked the fryer turning new batches of the raised donuts over and over.  The gal gave me a freshly glazed one that when I lifted it to my lips for taste, the glaze poured over like a slick sweetness sending me into a fainting spell....would love a lip gloss with this flavor and scent!With a smile from ear to ear, I licked my finger tips (yes, it was consumed that quick) as I got into the car.  The hubby said "did you get a donut?"  and I told him yes, pointing to my tummy!
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,2/11/2008,18,152,9,36,12>I am so happy that I found this place! I really like Blu Cocoon for so many reasons and I am a very discerning laser client! I'll explain...I have taken my time to find a laser hair removal facility in the Bay Area(months). Let me start by saying that I have had laser hair removal done for years and I've had bad experiences and incredibly good experiences. My laser experiences span three states (Texas, Florida and California) and 4-5 years. Hopefully, my experience will help those not-so-seasoned laserphiles. Here are a few general tips and some details about Blu Cocoon.1) Just because the facility is overseen by doctors and/or run by nurses doesn't mean you will get quality results, i.e. that the person is a nurse or doctor doesn't mean much if they don't have the training or experience with lasers. Make sure they have training (certifications) and experience with lasers.  2) Paying for big packages up front carries certain risks.      - I purchased a $1,500 series of treatments from the city's most posh (and well established) med spa only to have them go bankrupt a month after I started my sessions. Ouch! (bankruptcy = no refund) I've relayed this story many times to various laser facilities and have heard that this happens quite often in the industry. Better laser facilities are willing to let you pay-as-you-go if you just ask. Also, the better facilities do not have high pressure sales. They just don't. This has been my consistent experience.       -The technique and personality of the person operating the laser is the most important factor in determining good results (more important than the laser itself). If she or he is sloppy, inattentive (to you or the laser settings), rushed, under qualified/ under trained/ under experienced, you can have very bad results, including burns, disfigurement, unnecessarily painful treatments, or simply little to no hair loss after a lot of expense and time. Lesson learned- make sure your laser person knows their stuff (which means you have to know your stuff!) and you like the way you are being treated during a session. Someone's manners in the sales room might be very different than their manners in the the treatment room. There should be communication happening during your treatment on the part of the laser operator. i.e. "How are you doing?", "Are you doing okay?", "Do you need a break?" etc. You should feel like this person respects you, cares about you and is passionate about what they do.        -If you have paid for a package of treatments and after the first or second treatment, you find that you do not care for the person giving your treatments (or that they don't *care* about you), you may find it difficult or near impossible to get your money back from a "package purchase". Pay-as-you-go eliminates this problem.3) Be realistic about results and commit for the long term. You will see hair falling out within about two weeks of each treatment, but usually 5-8 treatments are needed to see overall significant hair (growth) reduction. Even then, you may have strays that need to be "touched up" now and then.         -hair grows in three stages, lasers only affect the hairs that are in the growth stage, this is the reason for 6-8 week time between treatments.       -the laser will not cover every millimeter of your skin during a given treatment, there will be little areas between laser pulses that do not receive enough heat/light to damage the hair follicles. This factor is reduced by ensuring you have someone who is well trained, results oriented, and will take the time required to properly do your treatment. Finally, don't make the mistake of thinking that the posh look of marketing materials, website, or "the environment" of the laser facility determines the quality of care you will receive. Appearances can be deceiving. Along the same lines, don't think that a lowly looking place means you have found an "diamond in the rough" and you will get a bargain. Proper hygiene and patient comfort should be a priority in any medical/health/spa facility. After *much* research on the net, phone calls and consultations, I narrowed it down to three locations in South Bay. Blu Cocoon is the *one* that met ALL of my criteria. The staff is professional, caring and friendly. No high pressure sales. The atmosphere is super clean, stylish and comfy. They offer a variety of services and they know their stuff!. And after several treatments, I am one happy laserphile!Also, I love the mineral sunscreen they sell! It is the FIRST (as in first one in my entire life) sunscreen I have been able to use that does not cause acne on my sensitive face. Oh, and they have this amazing lipstick that really does last all day...woohoo! Good stuff & good people at Blu Cocoon. :-)
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2007,2/10/2008,849,1374,15,15,16>Ground Shaking Persian Food at Sunnyvale's House of KabobsCheap. Persian. Food. Those are the three things that drew me here.Unreinforced. Masonry. Building.That's what the sign said in the window, and that's what worried me about coming inside. That's like the worst kind of structure in an earthquake. Having worked several years in earthquake preparedness planning I couldn't pretend I didn't notice the sign.I braved a potential disaster, and came inside. You order at the counter and then you sit at a table that's nicer than you'd expect for an order at the counter joint. We chose the zeresht polo ($11) and a skewer of koobideh ($3.50?). We considered getting a whole koobideh platter ($10) which only gets you some rice and maybe another skewer, but I figured we had enough with our zeresht polo and I was right. We also got an order of the shirazi salad ($5) which was nicely tart but would be better when tomatoes are more in season.The rice in the zeresht polo (studded with the usual barberries and other goodies) was better than many places that charge $5 more. It had a good tartness to sweetness ratio, too. the chicken was nice and moist. The koobideh was slightly oily but very flavorful. I'd definitely come back. However, I picture myself calling in my order, running in to pay and grab my food as quickly as possible, and then heading home secure in the knowledge that I don't live in an unreinforced masonry building.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2007,2/9/2008,203,272,7,10,10>This Sunday, me and my friend Todd went here with his gorgeous german shepard. We both live in Redwood City but chose this place instead because it was raining, and there's no mud. This place is great. Dog parks are better than playgrounds. It cracks me up to hear all the doggie parents conglomerating in a circle, telling tales of how Gracie did this the other day and Barker did that....But I just wish people could be a little more careful about keeping an eye on their dogs. As we were getting off one of the benches, getting ready to leave, it became difficult for me to just pack it up and leave knowing I'd seen some dog take a majorly diahrreatic crap and leave the puddle there, unbeknownst to the owner.  My friend's dog, Parker, ended up gleefully digging next to it and covering it with sand. Which made me keep thinking... someone's going to step right in that pile 'o sh*t and be mighty pissed.  So I scooped it up (one of those moments where you're going... please god do not let there be some hole in this bag...). I may have a few cats but... you know you're a dog person at heart when you don't think twice about picking up someone else's dog sh*t.UPDATE: For anyone who wants to know how to get here, it's easy. Just take the shorline East exit and keep going all the way straight till you're almost at the gate for the golf course. You'll see a green sign for it on the right.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2007,2/8/2008,146,45,5,12,10>My husband and I used to live in Campbell and were regulars at this joint. The food is great!! My favorites would have to be:Steak Bites (great for a low carb diet)&Calamari (great for a "see food" diet)We usually sit at the bar because the bartenders are great (Big Red Dave and Ross in particular)The Owner Cam is so friendly too!! Don't be surprised if he buys you a shot a patron if he's there. We live in South San Jose now but we still visit there about 2 times a month. Definitely worth the drive.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,1/21/2014,483,277,9,16,13>What a great place to do a little bit of wine tasting if you're in the south bay and don't want to spend the day driving to Napa or the Central Valley.  Located in Los Gatos, this place sits beautifully up in the hills.  The architectural structure of this place is amazing. They also Picnic tables outside to be used and enjoyed on a beautiful day.  Wine tasting is $10 dollars per person.  There's usually  about 4 - 5 wines on the list so for $10 bucks, you're getting a great deal.   Membership is free. You will receive two wine bottles once every 6 weeks and can switch out the wine you don't want or like for something you do.  Cancel at any time. Staff is nice and attentive.  Some are funny and hold great conversations.  Here and there, they host private wine tasting parties (I've attended a few with friends) that are very nice. Try this place out if you're looking to get into wine lifestyle and don't want to drive hours away. Happy Drinking!
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/19/2014,60,291,5,8,5>I love everything about Billy's Boston Chowder House!  The location, food, service, and ambient is all nice.  Dined here for lunch but I was already impressed with this place.  They have live music events (folk rock and jazz) from 6:30PM to 8:30 PM every Wednesday, Thursday and Sunday.  Can't wait to come back for dinner sometime near future!I made reservation via Yelp application through Opentable.com, which was super easy.  I probably didn't need a reservation since this was a weekday lunch, but I did it anyway.  The end result was that we got a nice seating by the window which was really special.  Folks, please use your common sense and make a reservation if you're trying to dine here on Friday nights and/or weekends.If I must chose one item that I absolutely liked here, it will have to be the lobster roll!  It comes with abundance of fresh lobster which are served to your liking (warm buttered, dressed or naked), and you can pick two (2) side orders.  We went with dressed, as our server, Marie, told us that it was the most popular.  Cioppino was great!  You can chose either spicy or mild tomato seafood sauce; we opted for spicy.  I must say that this Cioppino was probably as fabulous as the one of Phil's Fish Market in Moss Landing.  Well, it's definitely better because you won't have to drive that far :DWe also ordered seafood linguini, which was very similar to cioppini that we already ordered.  In fact, cioppini has option to add pasta for $2, which would have been better choice than ordering seafood linguini... So folks, don't do what we did and order cioppino and seafood linguini at once.Our server, Marie, was very nice and attentive to our needs throughout the dining.  We appreciated her suggestions, since we were new to this restaurant.  The owner of this restaurant, Bill, came out to greet us and asked if everything was okay, which was very nice!  Yes Bill, we liked everything about your restaurant!  And since we didn't try the "Boston Chowder" this time, we'll definitely need to come back and try that signature dish!Billy's Boston Chowder House is going to be my new go-to seafood place in South Bay.  I have no hesitations recommending this place to anyone!
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,1/18/2014,68,335,5,10,7>I was battling a cold and was hoping some hot broth will do the trick. I ordered the cha-shu Hakata-style tonkotsu ramen noodles. I was the first customer of the day and my bowl of noodles came within minutes.Here is the break down:Noodles: They are thin but more al dente. Different but I like it enough to add more noodle before finishing ($1.25).Broth: Not greasy and very flavorful. No pieces of pork fat floating in this broth.Egg: Soft boil but just half. I will need a full egg next time.Pork: So much pork. Thinly sliced but more on the leaner side and tougher.Side condiments: Red pickled ginger and grounded sesame seeds. Service: Attentive.Space: Open.Guess I will be back.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,1/17/2014,532,459,7,12,13>Holy cow! Line was out the door on a Sunday night and figured out why: their BBQ is the bomb! It's a no-frills restaurant that knows how do to BBQ. The pork ribs and chicken fell off the bone and the sauce was tasty and charred just perfectly on the meat. Tip: get there early because they run out of their most popular dishes before 6pm (like the hot links and potato thingys).
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,1/16/2014,381,161,7,21,12>If you want a real honest massage, this place will do it for you. Montra not only does traditional Thai Massage, but also do Deep Tissue and Swedish Massage. Their staff is accommodating and knowledgeable, and will work on areas you want them to focus on more. Don't be afraid to ask them to mix it up a little bit. I hardly ever get a massage, but when I do it's always here. My boyfriend likes getting the traditional Thai massage where the therapist steps on his back. I on the other hand prefer the deep tissue. Yes, there are moments when it's too painful to handle, but it's good pain.They're located in a random area off of El Camino, but it's still nice and private. You won't have trouble finding parking. I adore the fact that they had put effort in to their interior decorating. The ambiance is comforting, and pleasantly clean. If you know you'll be a returning customer, I highly recommend on getting their 5 massage package deals. The package will give you a free massage, and save you almost a hundred dollars.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/15/2014,791,668,6,12,6>Just took my friend here so we could get our nails done for our friend's wedding.  Still a 5 star experience - this is hands down the best nail salon in the South Bay.  Their staff is so friendly, they do great work and it is very reasonably priced.  You have to give them a shot!I also love their pedicures because you get to sit in a massage chair.  They do a stone massage on your legs and it is the best!
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,1/14/2014,114,158,7,12,9>I would like to give 4.5 stars, but since I can't give half of a star they get a 5.  Plus, I'm optimistic that my one con for the place will be just a one time issue. I really enjoy eating at Dishdash, Dishdash Grill, and Dish N Dash.I have been here for dine in and to-go orders.  I had tried to come here a few times before during dinner time on Saturdays, but the line was too long for my grumbling tummy to wait that long.  It's very popular place, so make a reservation if you can.  They make limited reservations.My dine in experience was great.  Our waitress was really nice and made suggestions for different combinations of dishes that have the items we wanted for a cheaper price than we had initially intended to order.  We thought that was really considerate of her.  I ordered my favorite beriani dajaj, which is a delicious dish of rice with chicken, garbanzo beans, raisins, and potatoes in a very yummy yogurt sauce.  If I'm eating with my fiancé, we usually add a side of beef kabob to the dish.  The red chili sauce is so tasty with the beriani dajaj.  Actually the red chili sauce is awesome on almost everything! I would buy the chili sauce if they sold bottles of it.  One time when we really wanted some Dishdash Grill goodness we ordered several dishes to-go since the wait was going to be incredibly long while a to-go order would be ready in 20 mins.  The order was ready within the estimated time, which was great since we were really hungry.  We asked for a lot of chili sauce, and the guy at the to-go counter was super awesome giving us a little soup container of chili sauce instead of the regular little sauce to-go containers.  We ordered so many dishes that he figured that it would be easier to give the sauce in the soup container instead of making 6 little sauce containers.  In the to-go order the rice in the beriani dajaj was soggy and a bit mushy, which had never been the case before when I had dined in here or at the Sunnyvale location. The m'shakaleh vegetarian was flavorful and tasty but again the rice was a bit soggy and mushy.  I wonder if the rice was off since it was such a busy night and we got a to-go order.  But this was a one time rice issue.  We also had the maza sampler. The flavors were tasty, but we were not sure if the portions in the to-go order of the maza sampler were smaller than when you dine it. It looked smaller, but it could have been just the container making it look smaller. The portions of the beriani dajaj looked the same as when we dined in.Overall, good experience with service and very tasty food!
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/13/2014,284,324,6,13,11>My date brought me here to celebrate our special day :) Our server, Tim was awesome from beginning to end. We had been wine tasting all day so we opt for a half  bottle of wine to start our dinner, I forgot the name of it but it was deelish! For our entrees my date ordered the blackened ribeye and I got the lamb. I have yet to find an amazing lamb entree comparable to Nicks next door until now. I love when my meat is pair with an amazing sauce, both of these dishes met my expectations! The bake potato side was so simple yet so good. And did I mention our meal came out pretty fast?! At the end of our meal, our server brought us our anniversary dessert, chocolate lava cake. We devoured that thing so fast =P I recommend this place anyone looking for a restaurant celebrate any occasion or heck, just eat a great meal.Till next time Forbes!
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/12/2014,392,181,7,9,8>I believe this joint is relatively new and boasts a colorful array of shellfish and seafood. I had the pleasure of coming here on a Sunday afternoon for happy hour and i found it to be laid back, and delish. I came for the oysters and ordered almost all of them. My top picks are the small oysters, and you absolutely cannot go wrong with the ones with the Japanese names! For first timers, the friendly staff will give you a bit of a tour and an introduction to the oysters and other seafood there. It's a nice touch.During happy hour, the oysters are around $1.00-$1.50 each, which is a great price considering the varieties. You choose your oysters, they shuck it in the back and present it to you in a platter full of ice. There are other menu items as well, like fries and sandwiches so you can make it a meal if you want. The location of this place is strangely odd. It's located inside a strip mall in a corner that's too small to see unless you seek it out. The inside is a bit crammed but there's no pretense about it. The oysters are fresh and very tasty and the simplicity of the food is going to be keeps you coming back.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,1/11/2014,293,44,12,20,17>4.5 starsIs this really a hotel restaurant?!?We arrived at Arcadia, still a bit skeptical from our underwhelming experience from a dinner earlier in the week at Michael Mina in SF. He had a craving for red meat, and this was the most well-rated local option, so to it we went.Boy, were we in for a surprise! Though Arcadia predictably offers a more casual setting and less inventive menu (though not by much), the food here far surpassed the food put out by its sister/flagship restaurant located in the city.Complimentary duck fat fries: My favourite appetizer of the night! The fries came with a trio of delectable dipping sauces: curry ketchup, garlic aioli, and regular ketchup.Lobster corn dogs: Simply scrumptious, and surprisingly enough, not too heavy. Served in a perfectly sized portion for 2. A must-get.Truffled mac and cheese: Disappointing. The truffle flavour wasn't given room to shine underneath all the cheese. Adding the broccoli florets was a dud move by the executive chefs at Arcadia. Skip this.Ahi tuna tartare: The mixing presentation, performed by a server, is the exact same as at the flagship Michael Mina. The fish was fresh and well-seasoned; however, my only gripe is that the tuna tartare is served with lightly toasted white bread, which is so painfully and obviously out of place for a restaurant of this caliber.Filet mignon: Both our steaks were made perfectly to order. I judge the quality of steak and its grilling method by how much sauce I need to use to season it--after the last bite, my little vessel of chimichurri was still left untouched. He noted that the sear on the steak was perfect, making the crust hard and flavourful while the inside was left juicy and tender. The steaks sealed the deal for the both of us.Chocolate molten cake: Oh-so-decadent. This divine little cake was offset magnificently by their house-made salted caramel ice cream and hazelnut praline. This dessert made for a glorious end to our first (but certainly not our last) dinner here together.Don't let the fact that Arcadia is attached to the Marriott put a damper on your curiosity to give our new favourite San Jose steakhouse a go!
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,6/23/2008,169,535,14,18,16>Kitsho's Omakase = OMG-seKitsho is quite likely the best sushi I've ever had.  Certainly the best Sushi in the south bay, if not the entire bay area.  Better still, the chefs will ensure that you leave with a full belly and a (mostly) full wallet, to boot.  This is rare indeed given the quality of the sushi offered.  You should also note: the interior ambiance is nothing special, but the sushi is so divine, you'll hardly notice.The first thing I noticed when dining here with the NYF is that we were the only white folks inside.  Everyone was either Japanse, or at the very least of an Asian denomination...including the sushi chefs.  AKA, you don't mess with Sensei Sushi Masters.  Think of it like going to a taqueria frequented by all latinos, you know you're more likely to have a more "authentic" experience.  That said, if you're a fan of American-ized pizza-style super jumbo sushi rolls packed with 209768 ingredients, this is not the place for you.  I'd call this a sushi purist's paradise. Come for the fish, the whole fish, and nothing but the fish. The rest is just details.  Ooh, how many other pop culture cliches can I toss out here?  Just do it!I've eaten here three times, and each meal was incrementally better than the last.  Last night, however, put me over the sushi edge, if that's possible.  INSIDER TIP(s) - Sit at the Sushi Bar.  Absolutely do it.  Get over your fear that's been plaguing you all this time and just amble up there.  Get the Sushi Omakase; if you don't be advised that there's a 3 sushi order per person minimum.  But seriously.  Omakase.  DOOOooo it.  This is your conscience speaking....ohhh-maahhh-kaaah-sayy.   If you're new to all these things, the chef even has a SUSHI ENCYCLOPEDIA to reference.  We used it heavily.  Very impressive.  Furthermore, our chef asked what kind of fish we preferred so he could pick the freshest fish for our tastes.  Here's a short list of some of the fish we got to try:AlbacoreBaby HamachiBaby Enop Squid (seasonal--evidently they only swim up to catching depths at certain times of year)Barracuda - WOW --YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS ONE--Butterfish (one fermented in vinegar, one cured in seaweed brine)CornetFishFile FishHamachi Belly (marbled deliciousness)KampachiMantis ShrimpShima AjiToroIt's a damn good thing I live all the way in Santa Cruz, or I'd blow my entire paycheck eating here on a daily basis.  I suppose the fact that I have to make a trip over the hill makes it the experience all the more special.  What a gem!
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,6/22/2008,736,972,20,21,25>My experience went something like...making our own parking space in a tiny little lotthenwalking by 2 friendly yet hungry horses and some poopthen Up Up Up and away, never looking back.According to my hula hooping pal Mary, we burned a whole serving of Awesome Blossoms on Saturday equivalent to 1445 calories.  She had mentioned Rancho San Antonio a couple times and knowing I was going to partake in a DYK soon, I figured this would be a good "starter" trail.WRONG.Hard.Hard.Incline on the first and last leg was killer.  Props to the 80+ year old volunteer who passed me up.  He was the motivation I needed on that last arduous mile in the sun.We hiked all the way to the summit of the so called Black Mountain Trail. We did about 9.5M+ total on what some seem to call the PGE trail. Not sure it's name..but I know my knees, back, and complete lower body felt that super elevation.  Oh yeah...and for those that think that coming down is easier than going up.  WRONG.  My saving graces-luna bar, apple, water, sunblock, sunglasses, getting up at 7AM, and layers.  Oh yeah...did I mention this was my first hike EVER....no I am not a crack...just eager for challenges!
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,6/21/2008,871,695,57,30,37>Once again I am giving away trade secrets.  Much like BCBG, this is one of those places that makes us guys look like we know what we are doing when shopping for women.  When it comes to LOOKING like I know what I am doing, I am a master.  Pretty much anything from this place is a sure fire hit.  Well, except for the very out of place "Bed, Bath and Beyond" section that highlights cabinet knobs, handles, and bath hooks.  Much like a vacuum and or blender, these would probably not go over well given as a gift.  My last trip here, I scored with a white summer-ish skirt, shoes to match, and a pretty cool Audrey Hepburn book.  No, none of it for me.  Oh, and don't even get me started on the candles they have.  But seriously...who's buying the $3000 25 year old 6 foot tall clock that's smack dab in the middle of the room?If you are timid, just hand your credit card to any chick that works there, tell her you are clueless, and she'll guide you right.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/4/2008,6/20/2008,523,353,12,12,14>Came Here on several occasions. This place is pretty much the best the bay area's got as far as good Korean bbq buffet. They have a pretty good selection of meat and seafood that you can grill at your table. They have like two types of kalbi. You gotta get the one where they cut it in the way that it is wrapped around the bone. So you kind of unravel the meat and cut it into nice squares and grill it. It is way easier to eat, tastes better, and cooks faster = you can spend more time eating more meat. When I go there I don't really bother with the bulgogi, or anything raw chicken, sometimes I will have some spicy pork here and there and maybe some sam gyup ssal. Personally i just don't eat chicken at places like this. But my point is, the main thing to eat is the kalbi (not the one with the three pieces of bones cut horizontally against the bone, that is a waste of time, and harder to eat). As far as side dishes, it pretty much sucks. There's not much banchan. They'll give you some garlic and jalepeno to roast on the grill to eat when you roll everything up in the leaf. The other food in the buffet pretty much sucks. Theres like curry fried chicken which was kinda good, and then some Chinese food, like fried rice, shainghainese noodles, spicy tofu, sauted Chinese greens, mussels, kimchee, and water kimchee. They have neng myun on the side, but its not really worth your stomach space since its like a ball of noodles clumped together. There are some soups on the side, that aren't too memorable. As far as desserts go, its so asian styled. Definitely not like fresh choice. Its pretty basic, you have a bunch of fruit like honeydew, cantelope, oranges, whatever is cheap and in season. Then they have jello, and shik hae, and fruit punch. No soft serve ice cream here. Boo hoo. Service is whatever, I don't think I've waited more than 20 -30 mins to get seated. They're not that great at refilling drinks. They do a pretty good job of changing the grill when its all charred and blackened.They say that they will charge you extra if you waste too much food, but I haven't gotten that charged yet. I don't think I know anyone who has either.If you go near closing time, the buffet part closes at 9:50, and they restaurant closes at 10pm. They lady kept bugging us that they're almost closing, and when we left, there were TONS of people still there. I guess she was in charge of the section we were sitting in, but it was so annoying, we were like all done and paid for already.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,6/19/2008,521,497,17,21,19>So I had to see what the rage was.  I've never been really fond of thick Chinese noodles in chow mein, so I didn't have high expectations.  My stomach growled as I walked in.  The place is painted bright green (same color as Yuet Lee in SF), most likely to stimulate fresh energy in a place that has changed ownership many times.  I think they're on to something.  The waitress sat me down and presented me with their menu.  Just from their menu, I could tell they put a lot of effort into capturing the essence of the noodle.  It wasn't no xeroxed page with misspelled words...it was more like a car brochure, highlighting the beauty of each noodle dish that they made.  I settled for #10, spicy beef stew noodle soup.  I chose the hand pulled noodles, over the cut variety.  I also order some beef tendons in hot oil.  Much to my surprise, the noodles came out in a bowl the size of an XL pho bowl.  I stared at it for awhile.  I was hungry, but I wasn't THAT hungry.  I served up some in a small soup bowl, to help regulate myself.  The noodles were excellent!  Cooked...not too chewy and not overdone...just right and very fresh tasting.  The beef stew was also very tender and flavorful.  I added my tendons to the soup to soften them up a little.  After the 2nd soup bowl refill, I was pretty much through, but I continued on to finish the entire bowl.  I can't believe I ate the whole thing...never again!  This is really a meal for two...easily.  You're just asking for punishment if you eat the whole thing by yourself.   Go to QQ Noodle, but bring a friend.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,6/18/2008,879,323,34,46,37>The fro-yo and the cupcake fads amuse me.  But fads annoy me too because they cause a whole bunch of over-priced and overrated places to pop up everywhere, making it hard to find somewhere worth going to.  FINALLY, I found a place that meets all of my frozen yogurt wants: self-serve, charge by weight (not $3 per stingy topping), tart natural flavor, and mochi pieces as a topping! This place has 8 flavors -- chocolate, vanilla, plain tart, original tart, and 4 other rotating flavors.  They also have a plethora of toppings to choose from!!  You are bound to find your favorite toppings here.  These are the ones I remember:DRY TOPPINGS/CANDY            SYRUPS/FRUITS/FRESHCocoa Pebbles                             Hot fudgeFruity Pebbles                               Marshmallow sauce/syrupLow fat granola                             Reese's Peanut Butter sauce/syrupAlmond Roca!!                              Butterscotch sauce/syrupAndes Mints!!                                CaramelTwix                                                Strawberry SyrupButterfinger                                    Lychee (canned)Oreo                                                Lychee jellyChocolate chips                            Longans!!! (canned)White choco chips                        Mochi pieces!!Yogurt chips                                  BlueberriesGraham cracker                            RaspberriesAlmonds                                         BlackberriesPeanuts                                          KiwiNerds                                              StrawberriesSprinkles                                        Pineapple (canned)Mini M&Ms                                     Mandarin oranges (canned)Mini gummi bears                         MangoesReese's                                          Peaches (canned)Coconut shavings                        Chocolate chip cookie piecesRaisinettes                                    Brownie piecesCrunch                                           Cookie dough piecesThin mintsWhoppersCapn' CrunchLucky CharmsThis is bad... very bad... because I will be coming here way too often for my waistline's own good now.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,6/17/2008,1071,862,38,27,31>Pho Tau bay will always hold a special place in my heart. After all, they were the ones to pop my "pho cherry". I had come down with bronchitis with a side of the flu, but decided to stop here after my doctors appointment. I hadn't really eaten anything in two days, and I heard that pho had super natural healing powers. I was seated right away, and the waitress brought me some tea. I was handed two menus, but the woman pushed the picture menu in front of me. I must have looked clueless! I decided on the chicken breast pho, which my waitress suggested because I didn't want to worry about dealing with the skin and bones.  I ordered a small, but was amazed when the waitress walked up with the huge steaming bowl of pho! I happily took the greens and sprouts and placed them in the bowl. I savored that first bite of fresh chicken in the light flavorful broth. I felt brave, so I put a little Sriracha in the bowl. My sinuses cleared INSTANTLY! So- you are probably wondering if the legend is true. Does pho really have super natural healing powers? Pho yeah it does!
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,6/16/2008,576,494,15,16,34>Those of us who have grownup in San Jose have become accustomed to winter weeks when it gets just cold enough to leave the peak of Mt. Hamilton blanketed in white powdery snow. When the weather is like this Mt. Hamilton Rd. is generally closed to keep eager snow seekers at the foot of the mountain where they belong.  One such occasion we decided to walk to the top of Mt. Hamilton.  This is a story about, persistence, survival, the early time in a relationship and the rugged durability of Converse Chuck Taylor sneakers.We park at Grant Ranch, orient ourselves and proceed to walk up the grassy hill.  It is cold but not cloudy, the sun is out, it is late morning.  We figure that the walk could be as much as 20 miles roundtrip but we don't get bothered by the details. We are walking and talking about random things, a walk like this is similar to a long car ride, we haven't been going out long so many things are new. We see a small lizard on the side of the road, I pick it up, we take a picture.  Few cars pass us as we wind up the gravel road, it doesn't feel too steep because it is winding. Hours pass, I complain about the flatness of my Converse, why did I wear these shoes?  A small mail truck passes us, gives us each a Toostsie Pop, I believe they were both purple, we are the luckiest people in the world.  When we see this mail truck again he will ask us if we would like a ride, we hesitate and decline, we have already come this far.It has been maybe seven hours, the winter sky has darkened, we are lucky it has not rained, yet.  We begin our descent.  In truth, we never made it to the top, we were so close, maybe only a mile away and we turned around. It is getting late.I hope I don't have blisters, we begin walking faster because it has started raining, it is pouring on us and we are soaked.  We can either keep walking on the paved road or we can cut through the fenced off field.  We take the route less traveled.  I hate mud, I am soaked and getting angry.  It is slippery and my feet are soaked. At some point we make it back to the car and it is a weird feeling, like we accomplished something when really we never even got to the top, we didn't get to the gleaming white dome that is the Lick Observatory and the only snow we encountered were small piles on the side of the road. We walked all day and now we have a story about the one time we attempted to walk to the top of Mt. Hamilton to see the snow.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2008,6/15/2008,65,111,8,13,12>Solid lunch location, for relatively inexpensive. Previously located at the crossroads of Lafayette and El Camino, Choi's has recently re-located to a more business friendly location near El Camino and Lawrence. It takes over the old location of Blue Stones, which upon one try I did not like and did not ever try again.My go-to item usually is Daeji Bulgogi (Spicy pork). Daeji bulgogi is a bit less spicy and sweeter than most places, but you get a solid portion ($7.99 at lunch) Overall, good mix of fatty spicy pork meat, onions, and mushrooms. Pork is not all crazy super fatty bacon like I've found at other places. What's great is all the additional stuff that comes with the food. Lunch includes a bowl of soup, rice, and more excellent banchan. Kimchi, sprouts, spicy daikon, fish cake, potato, and chapchae are all the banchan included. Good stuff, good selection. Potato and fish cake have to be my favorites out of the bunch.I've never had enough people who are willing to try (or people who are willing to spend that much for lunch) Ssambap, so that's something for me to try.Service is a real tough one. I definitely had to dock one star based upon multiple visits here. The staff is extremely friendly when they are near you and providing good food and banchan, but getting them anywhere within 3 feet of your table aside from receiving food is the tough part. Any attempt to flag down people will just be ignored for some reason, with vapid looks from the staff.I liken it to video game RPG NPC characters (nerdy and lame, but completely accurate). You talk to them, and they are friendly and almost always tell you the same thing, but it seems like they have a set walking path and won't deviate, no matter what you do to get their attention (i.e. they wont flinch if you steal their treasure boxes in the house, or check their drawers for hidden items). Ok, I probably lost a few fans there.4 stars - Dinged for service, but solid solid food. I think it's going to become my standard lunch place for non-tofu soup Korean food.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2008,6/14/2008,278,355,27,19,22>My sis-in-law has a karaoke machine, I think its a Magic Mic.  It scores your singing.  I had a singing contest with her bro.  He nailed an 84.  I had to do better.  I needed a blowout song.  I had to go for the fences, home run baby.  My choice?  Debbie Gibson.  I could hardly hear myself sing with all the laughter in the room.  I scored a 39.Lesson learned?  Don't try to do something you're not.  Same goes for restaurants.  Chocolate Sushi and Tofu House, what the heck is that?  The food here is just not good.  I should've known better but I came here anyway.Since this place was definitely Korean owned I figured I'd stick to the Korean food.  But I'm a curious boy.  I had to try the sushi.  I ordered the kampachi nigiri.  The rice was too sweet and the fish was humungous... curiosity killed.  But the Korean food gotta be good right?  The tofu pot was decent.  Not great, but not bad.  I'd order it again.  The seafood pancake was way too greasy.  Kalbi was too sweet.  My favorite banchan, kimchee cucumber, was too sweet as well.  I guess it was chocolate Korean food.  Overall the food was Bryan K singing teen pop songs... lets leave it at that.On the plus side, the service was great, very cheery and friendly... like a Debbie Gibson song... sung by Debbie Gibson.  I'll give an extra star for the nice gals helping us.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/11/2013,853,359,9,13,10>Traveling? Then this is a great place to get info/get vaccinated!I'm headed to India next month for a friend's wedding and am pretty excited! But there's a bunch of vaccines that are recommended when you travel there so I needed to find a good spot to do that. And thanks to Yelp I did!The wait wasn't bad at all. Just had to fill out some paperwork and then I was being helped in a jiffy. The nurse was INCREDIBLY nice and super helpful! He dropped massive knowledge on me. Told me all about the vaccines I needed, ones I probably didn't need. Gave recommendations about what to bring. Even info on safety in general. The price wasn't even that bad. If I ever need to travel again I plan on coming here, and you should too!
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/10/2013,894,377,11,12,12>For the first time in a long time, I can say this is one pho spot that I can continuously see myself going to. In the corner of Vietnam town off of Story Road, my buddy James L. and I came here for a late lunch. This place is great. Nice all around with booths to sit in. I ordered my usual small Pho Tai (beef), Sach (tripe), Bo Vien (meatball), James got the ("first for pho industry ever") pho veal. We started with the Nem Nuong Cuon ($3.50 for 2)The Nem Nuong Cuon didnt have vermicelli noodles in it! Why skip on the noodles?! The cha ram was just fried paper inside. No shrimp in it how it's supposed to be. The broth was good! I really enjoyed it and the noodles aren't super long where you're left awkwardly slurping the noodles endlessly as the person across from you is awkwardly watching. They have all of the necessities I look for in a veggie plate when they bring you your pho. Most pho spot only offer the sweet thai basil but they actually have the other long green thingy I dont know the name of it haha! I would def come back!
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,3/9/2013,278,126,11,9,10>Roasted bone marrow with the most mouth-watering extra virgin olive oil spilled over the split bone... check. Fig and shaved pecorino salad, caramelized and served with a bacon "jam"... check. Succulent, moist, tender lamb meatballs served in a red marinara "spicy" sauce... check. Beef cheek that FALLS APART ON MY FORK AND IN MY MOUTH with the divinity of Osso Buco... check check!If I continue pushing myself to write to describe all of the INSANE flavor combos and awesome libations to suck this down with, I might jizz prematurely. If that were even a possibility for a LADY like myself. To save myself from the disgrace of such a mere suggestion, I shall instead direct you to come to The Table and try it all. For yourself. Mmmmmmmmmm...Might I add, this place has an extensive and classic cocktail list that even includes a personal fave, the Pisco Sour. For those that don't know, consider it an alcoholic protein shake that tastes like pure heaven in a martini glass. Yes, that is the William Webster definition. Trust me, I'm an English major and alcoholic. Oops, but I'm being redundant.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/8/2013,1991,106,12,19,16>Yipeeee!  I new post office closer to home and ever so conveniently located near the 680 highway!  I can drop off packages on my way to work without any inconvenience at all.  Great!  No more driving a few more miles out of my way for a post office!I had a good experience here today.  I had a package that wouldn't fit in the mailbox so I had to go inside to drop it off.  As I was approaching the door, I could see one of the clerks locking the door.  I quickly looked at my phone to see the time and it was already five minutes past two o'clock.  I spoke to him through the door and asked "May I come in to drop off this package?".  He nodded and opened the door for me to come inside.  I dropped off my package, thanked him and I was on my way.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,3/7/2013,536,185,6,12,7>I was recommended to come here for dinner by Anu M. (she has great reviews!) and I was blown away! Full bar + excellent service + delectable food + fabulous entertainment = perfect night out :)Ordered the Le Dinner Menara - $26.95 per person (everyone has to order the same dinner). The portions are HUGE too, be prepared to take some food home or come super hungry!Excellent food:-Salade Moroccaines - interesting salad with cucumbers and what tasted like salsa. Delicious with the bread they served! Cleaned off the whole plate :)-B'stilla - this is the boneless chicken pastry. It has nuts and powdered sugar so the texture was really interested but we loved it! Packed with flavor and very well made!-Tajine De Poule Aux Citrons - BEST CHICKEN EVER!! This is by FAR the best chicken I have ever had! It fell off the bone when you touched it because it was so moist! You can't get food like this very often. I have no clue how they made it so deliciously juicy, but seriously mad props for this dish!-Lham Mrhosia - Lamb with honey... BEST LAMB EVER!! Man people were not kidding when they raved about these two dishes! It's worth the price for dinner here just for these 2 items. I didn't think meat with honey would go well, but the honey flavor was so mild and it complemented the lamb perfectly! The meat was cooked just like the chicken and would fall off the bone with one touch because it was so moist. This dish is just oozing with flavor - do NOT leave this place without ordering it!!Couscous Aux Legumes - Vegetable couscous; I was honestly too full to eat much of this dish. It wasn't the best couscous I have ever had, but it was pretty high up there. Went really well with the lamb and chicken dishes and it was good to have some veggies too after eating all that meat!Dessert - Baklava and Mint Tea - I'm not a fan of sweet stuff so I just tried a bite of the baklava and it was pretty good. The mint tea was decent, but I've definitely have better of both these items. They tasted great at the end of a long and filling meal though and the warm mint tea put me in a serious food coma :)Other:Belly dancer - she was so talented! She got all the guys up and dancing with her and they did such a great job! Then she got all the girls up together and taught us a few cool moves! She even got the grannie from the other table shakin her stuff... so cute! Definitely one of the more talented belly dancers I have seen :)Service - 5 stars! The server was constantly checking up on us and keeping our water glasses filled. Owner gave us prime seating to watch the belly dancer and a glass of smooth red wine that paired perfectly with all our dishes!Parking is available in the ghetto looking little lot around the corner of the building. Keep in mind there is no lighting there, so park closer to the street!The building looked closed upon arrival, but just push open the gate and the door!
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/6/2013,736,863,7,10,6>Sul lung tang (yelp.com/biz_photos/kunj) is just what the doctor ordered! Sul lung tang is a Korean soup made of ox bones simmered for hours, creating a hearty and slighty milky broth. Kunjip's menu is very small, offering a couple of different varieties of sul lung tang and one or two braised short rib dishes (yelp.com/biz_photos/kunj). They do not offer your typical Korean dishes here, so if you're looking for some tofu soup or bibimbap, I would go elsewhere!I really like sul lung tang, as I can add my own salt to taste and as much scallions as I would like. The broth goes well with rice (or noodles) and well with the kim chi and cucumbers that they give you as sides. When my friends and I came here, it was dinner time and there were only two gals working. They were pretty much juggling the register and the tables, so it was pretty difficult getting their attention. I don't know of any other places in the area that offer sul lung tang and it's great comfort food, so I will surely be back for more.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,3/5/2013,199,145,24,10,8>Hole in the wall dim sum place with dumplings as large as your fist. Maybe I'm exaggerating a little, but they are huge, they are delicious AND they are cheap.Icy cold Asian glares as I buy my takeout dimsum because they're practically letting me STEAL from them at these prices.Don't worry angry little Chinese women, you look just like my parents did when I scored poorly on a test:):[Egg tarts from here will blow your mind, but nothing melts my heart like an order of basketball sized har gow.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,3/4/2013,741,268,9,12,12>When you think of Los Gatos you think of LGBG & Mt. Charleys right? Oh ya theres a farmers market too. Want something more?Welcome to Katsu, sure they just opened, but this is a sight to be seen. Not too many spots like these. Just imagine Nobu in Las Vegas and you're there!Great place to take a date or to celebrate!Great dishes, different tastes & very creative. This is a place to be seen so make this a stop on your next night out! You will splurge here!My recommendation: rock shrimp & yellowtail sashimi....I'm always partial to that combo. CAN'T wait to go back!
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,3/3/2013,396,240,12,13,13>I will be dreaming about Nick's Next Door for days to come... My gals and I celebrated a birthday here on a Tuesday night. Make reservations! After dining here I'm not surprised that you need a reservation on a weekday. Seriously. EVERYTHING IS THAT GOOD. Sun Dried Tomato Olive Oil Dip & Bread - I could not stop eating this all night.. Don't screw yourself over. Try to hold back! There is so much more delicious food to come!!!Steak Tartare - Very delicious, love the runny egg yolk on top and the sourdough is bomb. Baby Back Ribs - Fingerlickin' good if you like sweet BBQ sauce.Risotto Croquettes - Crispy shell with oh so creamy risotto on the inside and a great pesto sauce. Lamb Chop Lollipops - Oh my goodness, this dish was divine and my definitely my  favorite. Not only was the lamb cooked to perfection, but the sides put this over the edge. The BEST mashed potatoes and brussels sprouts I have ever had -and I hate brussels sprouts. Rib Eye - Also perfectly cooked and well seasoned. Loved the bone marrow and the cauliflower. Chicken Pasta - I wish could have had more of this, but I was too stuffed! Very creamy and rich dish. Yumm! Vanilla Bean Panna Cotta - Omnomnom!!! Great dish to finish off with because it's not too sweet nor heavy.If you can't already tell, I was thrilled with the meal. It was family style so my girls and I were all able to share. Service was great. Nick came by several times to check up on us and was so personable. We did have to wait about 20-30 minutes after our reservation as our table was occupied by people who just didn't want to leave. Now I understand why. I demand to celebrate all birthdays here!!
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,3/2/2013,322,342,10,14,14>What AWESOME customer service for a small average looking place. Did not expect that here, but they were really sweet to us. Went here with an old friend to catch up and we chatted the night away until closing time. Not once did we feel rushed to leave and they even gave us think dinky looking cookies that actually turned out to be pretty good. I believe they are pine nut cookies? They taste like pistachio and they look hard and overcooked, but they're so chewy and moist! They also have some corn nut ugly thing on top of them lol but that thing tasted good too. I was like what are you feeding me..?! But they turned out really good!Ohh and onto the food..I got the Queen Ann Tortellini Alfredo which was pretty good. It came with 4 small slices of garlic bread (which were toasted to perfection) and an average salad. The pasta itself I enjoyed because it didn't give me that sickening alfredo feeling you get after you've had too much.My friend ordered the Fettuccine Alla Carbonara which won her over because of the bacon and ham in it. There was also peas and it was cooked in a white wine. The portions for both of our meals was just enough and for the price, in addition to the Yelp deal, was SWEET!They also have 1 large decent flat TV in there for sports viewing. It's a nice small place to go to for an intimate dinner to catch up with friends because there's no crowd. Oh, and they are ***only open for dinner time***! Which blowssss because I would love to eat me some Gugu's for lunch...this would make an awesome lunch place, I wonder why they aren't open! With their great service though I bet they're feeding the hungry or something.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,9/21/2013,1261,428,5,8,5>Having had this place bookmarked for a hot minute and since the dude and I had a yearning for Mexican, we finally made the walk to 2nd Street. As we arrived, we were fortunate enough to have made it there before they closed at 9pm on a Thursday night. They do stay open til 3 am on Friday and Saturday nights, which is awesome for the drunk munchies that people probably get from the surrounding nightlife in DTSJ. As we were waiting for our food, the awesome lady at the counter got us fresh and warm tortilla chips with some amazing tasting salsa. We each ordered the carne asada super burrito, which came with carne asada, whole pinto beans, guacamole, shredded cheddar cheese, sour cream, and rice. For being a super burrito, I did find it a little on the smaller side than the typical super standard at most Mexican joints. However, my eyes must have been hungrier than my stomach since I could only eat a little bit more than half of the burrito. I definitely enjoyed how refreshing their horchata was and of course the dude quenched his thirst with a Pacifico. I noticed that people were hella ordering the margaritas, so definitely need to try that next time. They do have their own version of orange sauce, which is pretty good. Of course they also have the typical red and green salsas as well which were full of flavor. The only downside during our meal was this super SMELLY guy came in (imagine the smell of a wet dog covered in human piss) and that was the disgusting smell that cut our appetites and dinner short. Other than that unpleasant stench, our experience was excellent. Watch out La Vic's and Iguanas, Angelou's might be the new spot to be at when it is 2:50 AM on Friday and Saturday nights in DTSJ.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,9/20/2013,39,67,6,37,29>"Phuc is efficient, friendly and real. Will do a full review once my taxes are complete!!" -- as promised here is my review!I brought my 2011 taxes to Alpha B because I'd screwed them up. My now husband (partner at the time) and I had purchased a house but filed separate taxes for 2011. Somehow, probably due to magically wishful thinking from a poor homeowner, I claimed the full deduction for our mortgage interest on *my* taxes, freezing him out from claiming it on his.That in itself wasn't a huge deal. We hadn't double claimed. However, since I'd earned far less than my husband that year, we lost out on a fair amount of money from the government. I tried and tried to use Turbotax and other software to fix our little problem but to no avail. Our situation was a little unusual and Turbotax kept giving us errors.That's where Phuc and his team came in. I found this lovely, local business on Yelp (where else!) and made an appointment. He was understanding, friendly and immediately got down to business. I just dropped my paperwork off, explained the situation and he handled it. What  a relief!Phuc soon called me with our finished paperwork. It was all nicely bundled, with instructions on where to send my checks (to Uncle Sam) and even pre-stamped envelopes. Same for my husband. And the price was reasonable, too.All in all, I was seriously impressed by Alpha B. We will definitely be using their services again!
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,9/19/2013,88,287,12,20,15>This is my former and current reigning champ of all things yogurt and that's not to mention their St. Louis Custard and let's not forget that they serve up San Jose's own Treat Ice Cream. If you combine all of these things you've got one powerhouse of a Yogurt/Ice Cream shop. Let's check their goods:1) Yogurt- I would say I come here 90% of the time for their frozen yogurt. They serve up Low-fat, Non-Fat and Wow Cow. I always go for the Wow Cow and at only 9-cal/oz how can you beat that?!? Yes, I know it's all fakey, fakey, blah, blah, blah--but it really is quite good and I'm always looking for a way to satisfy my sweet tooth while maintaining my girlish figure and this is, by far, my favorite method.2) Ice Cream- Like I mentioned before it's Treat Ice Cream which is fantastic. Let's move on...3) Frozen Custard - This is a real delicacy. I don't know anywhere else you can go to get this type of product -if someone else does hit me up!- at an ice cream store. It's so rich and decadent. It's got more calories than ice cream (45cal/oz vs 35cal/oz) and it's worth every one. I see that they now have a chocolate custard. I have not tried it yet, but I can't wait to.This place gets bonus points for friendly service and a great location at the heart of Downtown Willow Glen. If I lived closer I'd be here once a week, but alas I'm too lazy to make the trek unless I just happen to be in the area. But when I am this is a definite must stop for me.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,9/18/2013,614,259,21,21,17>I'm gonna do it. I'm giving this spot 5 stars.$20 bucks per person for all you can eat.. HOLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI've been here twice now, and each time I've been here, I've been very impressed not just with their food, but their customer service. I want to highlight my most recent outing to this spot.I came here with my mom, pops, sister, and cousin for dinner on me. So we ate A LOT. Within the first few minutes, we've made countless requests right off the bat, and they were so accommodating to me and my family, that is absolutely an A+ right there.If customer service is IMPORTANT TO YOU... I highly suggest going to this spot. The owner, and the wait staff is extremely helpful, and they always try to make the occasion easier for you.I will warn you though, this place is kinda effed up. Because they refill your food, you don't have the opportunity to stand up, walk around to get your food, and very lightly burn the calories as you eat. Instead, you sit on your fat bum, sulking at the amount of food just flying over you, and eat until your hearts content.Grill the pork belly, place it on the large lettuce, put in a piece of garlic, dip it in the sauce, call it a day.5 stars yo. Good food, good atmosphere, and good people. I highly recommend this joint.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/17/2013,469,258,15,17,18>Bf suggested Paxti's for our lunch date & I happily obliged! They have $10 lunch specials which include a salad, slice of pizza & soda. Pretty good deal considering it's a hefty slice of 'za! I chose the butter lettuce without blue cheese, which was beautiful in presentation. The leaves were arranged nicely with buttermilk ranch & bacon bits evenly placed throughout the layers. Mmm, this was so good! We opted to order one pepperoni pesto & one chicken/artichoke/onion to share. I personally really liked the chicken/artichoke/onion but it was only lukewarm by the time it came out. The pepperoni pesto was hotter but it came out after but I wasn't as fond of that one. Crazy but there is such a thing as too much cheese on pizza! Our waitress was really nice once she noticed we were waiting forever to get our orders placed. The pizza took a ridiculous amount of time to arrive though, we were told something happened in the kitchen? It was a good thing neither of us were in a rush because lunch took nearly 2 hours & that's not including drive time! Their lunch special pizzas are supposedly randomly chosen by the chefs that day. Poor bf has always had the same choices so he's skeptical, hopefully next time they'll be quicker & have a different special! Come here for lunch!!
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,9/16/2013,405,477,16,13,15>I have a very inappropriate sense of humor; so when my friends came to Al's there were more than a few "hot beef" jokes. But after one bite of the hot Italian beef sandwich we stopped joking and started devouring. The first time I had an Italian beef sandwich was in Chicago, and that was over 10 years ago and I've been dying to go back ever since. Al's sandwiches are just as good as I remember them being in Chicago, and you don't even have to put up with the terrible weather to get one. Al's came recommended by Tram N. and it definitely didn't disappoint.It's hard to beat hanging out with your friends and sharing laughs over dinner. Elderly couples/children/nuns probably shouldn't sit anywhere near us, especially not at Al's.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,9/15/2013,138,119,14,18,11>I'd prefer to keep this place a secret, but dammit, it's too good not to share: 1. Excellent, skillful therapists: I've had Thai massages in Bangkok, Chiang Mai, and Phuket so I knew what to expect in advance: pajamas to change into, a futon low to the ground so the therapist can more easily maneuver, and deeeep, no mercy stretching and kneading.  But they exceeded my expectations!  Rather than straight-up Thai massage, my therapist (who trained in Bangkok) incorporated different styles to pinpoint and loosen the perennial knots in my back.  Not only did I still get my fill of the deep/strong Thai moves that I love, but I had no need to endure those typical moments of holy crap pain because she checked in with me on pressure and customized her work to my feedback.  In all candor, I've never walked away from a massage feeling so light, tall, and straight.2. Impeccable décor/facilities: Montra is not an extravagant spa, but the facilities are clean and warm with just the right touches to make it feel like a sanctuary.  My therapist was punctual both times, but I actually wouldn't mind a bit of wait just to enjoy the tranquil ambiance.  Plus, when my husband and I got massages at the same time, they opened a window between our rooms so we could still feel the cheesy, romantic togetherness.3. Amazing price point: Without the $49 Groupon, I think their rate is $65/hr.  So yes, it's more than the $10/hr joints in Thailand...but Montra is really nothing short of amazing when you compare it to our options here in the Bay Area: either an $85-100/hr rate for massages that feature little more than forearm swipes, gimmicky hot stones, and high-maintenance masseuses who balk at my requests for deeper pressure ...or a $20/hr rate for Chinese foot spas that offer a stable of non-ergonomic chairs, a Russian roulette of masseuse skill, and the serenity of coach class on United.4. No-hassle logistics: Call to make an appointment with no fuss.  Roll up to Montra's tidy storefront and find easy parking on a quiet, low traffic street near downtown Sunnyvale.  Walk in, and it's like they've been waiting just for you and your neurotic, stressed-out, inarticulate aches and pains.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,9/14/2013,117,108,3,4,5>4.5 stars, but I'll round to a solid 5 for freshness of their food, flavor , and selection of oysters.Ordered:-1 dozen oysters (3 of each  Kumamoto, Miyagi, Kusshi, and Fanny Bay)-Raider Bucket: half lobster, half crab, squid, fish (bass), mussels, clams, 2 tiger prawns, and 2 long pieces of bread to dip the sauce.-3 Tiger Pawn grills with green onions-Hamachi cheek/collar bone w/ amazing sauce-3 orders (2 pieces an order) of salmon sashimi-Oyster Shooters -Garlic fries with truffle oil-1 Pitcher of Sapporo on tapThe oyster selection was impressive. It doesn't get any better taste wise! They pick them right from the water tanks. The Kumamotos are known for their luscious fruity flavor with slight brininess, these were probably my favorite. The royal miyagi has a light, clean flavor and somewhat of a kiwi like finish, probably my second favorite. The Kusshi was very small, but had super clean flavor. The Fanny Bay was also a good choice, a bit firmer, mild brininess, but great taste overall.The raider bucket was awesome hands down! There was a mistake since we didn't actually order it, but Big T said it was on the house! The buttery broth it came out in was fantastic, great for dipping the bread with. This would be a great choice for 2 people on a date.Tiger prawns were fresh and grilled nicely. When you suck the head and taste the juices, it doesn't get much better. Kinda pricey at $5 per prawn, but you pay for the quality/freshness.Hamachi Cheek was definitely a winner. It was grilled just right, and came with this amazing house sauce that complimented the meat. Definitely one of the more under rated items on any menu.The Oyster Shooters were delicious! We got the alcoholic ones made with Grey Goose, and it was smooth going down with a kick from the jalapeno peppers. Somewhat pricey at $6 per shot.The Salmon Shashimi was okay, they were nice large cuts, but nothing spectacular imo.Garlic fries, couldn't really taste any truffles and it was a bit on the hard side.Overall, it's a great new place that just opened up that serves FRESH seafood. They have happy hour oysters from 2:30-6:30pm discounted oysters 50 cents to $1. Big T was really cool to give us the Bucket ($40) value on the house. The bill came out to be $109 not including tip, definitely not a cheap meal, but you get quality taste and freshness which is essential for seafood. Definitely recommend this place and would come back to try the other things on the menu!
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,9/13/2013,1991,106,7,15,10>Today was my first time here, and it made quite an impression on me!  I just love the vibe of this restaurant.  I love the hip decor and the variety of people who come here since it is in the middle of one of the busiest streets in downtown San Jose. It's really a nice location even just to people watch.My friend and I decided to check out this place after Yelping for vegetarian restaurants and checking out the photos that were posted.  The dishes looked inviting, so we decided to make a trip there. When we arrived, there was a short line of people placing their orders.  When we came to the counter to order, they had numerous dishes displayed inside the counter case. A lot of the containers of food were nearly empty, so the nice lady behind the counter told us that they were cooking up some more dishes and once we pay for the order she would bring them right out.I selected the kale salad, Thai curry and the quinoa which automatically comes with the dishes that you order. My friend got the same as I, with the exception of her deciding on the Jamaican Jerk Tofu instead of the Thai curry.  The kale salad tasted good and fresh.  I loved the spicy Thai curry.  It had a lot of flavor and the spices were just right.  The quinoa tasted a little sour, but it tasted better when I mixed it with some of the Thai curry sauce.  My friend shared some of the Jamaican Jerk Tofu with me and I thought it was really good.I saw a few other things that I wanted to try here like the vegan steam buns and the stuffed bell peppers.  I will come back and bring my husband to try out this restaurant. I hope he enjoys it as much as I did!
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,9/12/2013,412,313,6,14,11>WOW.. awesome massage.My bf and I came here today after a long week of work and I had to work all weekend.We got the full body massage for $20 and it was definitely well spent!I had Ivy who was very meticulous and made sure the pressure wasn't too hard and the water wasn't too hot. She worked out the knots in my shoulders, arms, legs, and back.I wanted to say, "Omg, I love you" when she was finished.I will definitely be coming back again. :)The facility was extremely clean, definitely a plus!5 STARS
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,1/15/2012,545,312,12,22,17>An absolutely delightful little restaurant, located in the unlikeliest of places... a strip mall right by busy Saratoga Avenue.  Please don't be turned off by the location, even if you have to park in the somewhat shady looking strip mall, the dining experience will more than make up for it.I cam here with my most awesome friend, fellow Yelper and fellow wine lover and it was an evening to remember :)  Great food, great wine and the best company one can ask for.The decor, as has been stated, is somewhat dated... this restaurant could benefit from a serious makeover but as long as the food stays at this quality and the clientele keeps coming, why bother?  It's not something that detracts from the meal.Small bar/lounge area for you to wait for the remainder of your party.  Good selection of premium alcohol at the bar and a bartender with a heavy pour - a good start already :)Make reservations!  Even on a weeknight, it's hard to get in here because they are not about a fast turnaround - most diners spend the entire evening here enjoying the amazing food and the company.Excellent sommelier... we had brought a couple of bottles with us.  A 1995 Chateau Lascombe - a fine Margaux that unfortunately turned out to be corked :(  The sommelier knew it instantly and warned us about it.  So we settled for our second bottle, a 2007 Caymus Cabernet that was just incredible.  The restaurant was kind enough not to charge us corkage for the bottle of corked wine.  We shared the Caymus with our delightful waitress :)Knowing we would get a bunch of amuse bouche items to snack on, we went à la carte instead of going for the tasting menu and ended up with some fantastic choices...- Ragout of Burgundy Snails with Warm Fennel Panna Cotta and Parsley Puree which was really very good - the snails were of the perfect texture, slightly crunchy and also chewy.- Truffled Hamachi Tartar with Avocado, Lemon and Pea Shoot Emulsion.  If ever an appetizer takes home the prize as the star of a meal, it is this one.  I still remember the magnificence of this refreshing dish - and the truffles just made it as perfect as perfect can be.  Order this - you will not regret it.- Seared foie gras, foie gras terrine and a foie gras foam.  Every presentation was amazing and perfect.  The foam/soup was delectable and went well with the bread they gave us at the beginning of the meal.For the main entrees, we ordered;- Noisettes of Red Deer with Chestnut Puree, Huckelberries a Parsnip Tart.  The deer was cooked medium rare, as requested and was hardly gamey at all... if someone put this dish in front of you without saying what it was, it would be hard to say it's venison... it was perfectly seasoned and the sides accentuated the richness of the red meat perfectly.- Braised Duck Breast with Pomegranate, Walnut and Black Forbidden Rice.  This was my other favorite from the meal... the tartness of the pomegranate added exactly what was needed to balance the delicate duck.  Again, a perfectly executed and presented dish.Dessert was a no brainer.  After reading all the reviews, there really was no choice but to go for the Grand Marnier souffle which was every bit as good as advertised here!  The souffle was light as air and it was a great way to end a fabulous meal.We ended the evening with a complimentary tray of little chocolate delights and the traditional petit-fours.  That was a really nice gesture on the part of the restaurant.Impeccable service.  The sommelier, as stated previously, really knew his stuff.  Our waitress was new but she was incredibly friendly, charming and never intrusive.  It was the kind of service that enhances a meal and I have nothing but good words for this.~ 5 stars.  There is no doubt in my mind about this and I hope to be back here soon to try more of the incredible menu.  Great food, wine and the most amazing company does make for a memorable evening out on the town :)# 268
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,1/13/2012,522,445,15,7,6>In my head I've always envisioned in 50 years, I will be taking my grandchildren here to enjoy some delicious frozen yogurt while telling them how their grandmama used to roam the streets of San Jo.Two fallacies here.  1) At the rate that I am eating these gigantic cups of frozen yogurt, I will not live to be 75.  2) At the rate that I am eating these sweet, delicious cups of frozen yogurt, I will not find a husband to reproduce children.BUT IT'S SO WORTH IT!  I don't care about living to 75... and maybe not so much about not finding a husband... but I have to reach for that instant gratification and that addicting brain freeze when I scoop a big spoonful of mango ice cream with chunks of fresh mango embedded in the creamy heaven, or when I lick the berries off the tip of my original tart frozen yogurt.And when I am feeling a little frisky, I go for the thick, rich custard and top it off with all kinds of sweets: chocolate chips, peanut butter cups, gummy bears, m&m's.  Usually I go home with a heart attack (thus the friskiness).Sometimes when I'm dying inside, it only takes a scoop of that low calorie Wow Cow to revive my soul.I normally try to go for the "child" size, because even though it is the smallest size, it takes a lot of effort to finish it.  Oh, and my creamy guilty pleasure is always served with a big smile by their friendly staff!
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,1/12/2012,193,358,10,16,13>Having grown up in India, I can easily distinguish ethnic & authentic from non-ethnic and non-authentic Indian. Deedees serves ethnic and authentic food that belongs to the Western regions of India such as Gujarat, Rajasthan and Maharashtra. I am Gujarati and I think the Gujju buffet here is pretty solid! =)I have been here a few times and I think this place has consistently lived up to the other 4 and 5 star ratings received from other Yelpers.On weekends they have a special buffet. You can check their website or call them to find out before going.Oh and did I mention this.....SUPER GOOD AND HOMELY FOOD AT SUPER LOW PRICES!!Starting this weekend, I will exploring the regional buffets here for the month of May. Cya there ;-)
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,1/11/2012,288,379,14,14,14>Instead of going to a stranger's home to eat some old haggard belly fat over black bean sauce and bok choy for dinner..Crystal and I decided to come to Phat Dat for a 3 course meal family style. Here, Crystal and I are treated like VIP since she comes here on a weekly basis..but I think if we went with our other choice..actually I don't wanna imagine what would happen. It seems like the majority of the reviews here is for their cheap and delicious $5 bowl of Pho..but the food that they offer here are just as delicious and also pretty cheap if you compared it other Vietnamese restaurant. If you're looking to try some traditional Vietnamese food then this is the place to go to.We got what Crystal usually get which is the spinach and squash soup..I highly recommend this. Unfortunately for me they were out of ca phao ( egg plants) so I couldn't try it with the soup. But then that just gives me a reason to come back here again...not that I would need one since I will be definitely coming back here. I also tried their burnt rice..which I also absolutely loved...I usually don't eat this but I will be coming back here for more. We also had the caramelized pork..which I thought was okay but Crystal said it just wasn't right..after all she's their biggest critic there. We also had rau muon sao chao which I thought was good too. I usually don't eat that much for dinner..but I surely ate like 2 days worth of rice for me in one sitting. I love this restaurant and will definitely be back. I was also fortunate enough to try their jasmine milk which the owner was working on..it wasn't perfect but I am sure he will get there. Our meal came out cheaper than it's suppose to be..maybe it's a mistake on his part or maybe he just gave his biggest supporter a discount since she didn't like one of the dish. I will definitely be back here though..since I know the food here last night wasn't at its best since the main cook was off for the day. But like always, no matter how good the food is, it won't be perfect without good company and I had the best dinner date there with me last night.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,1/10/2012,564,356,16,15,15>I Lover-ly this place! I've been wanting to check out this place for awhile since the reviews on Yelp are insisting that this was one of the best Chinese places in Milpitas. And.... survey says.... Amazingly great!We came in and were given our free appetizer right away and peered over the menu. We settled on the Pork and Sticky Rice, Black Pepper Beef and Combo Chow Mein. Our server advised us that it was a lot of food but since it was our first time here, we wanted to try the most popular dishes and see for ourselves. Literally in 2 minutes our food came out; it was FASTER than waiting for Pho. Our beef came out on a sizzling hot plate smelling utterly delicious! The portions were very large (well, the server told us so!) and everything was quite tasty. J was a little disappointed with their signature dish, the Pork and Sticky Rice; he was hoping the skin was going to be crispy, instead it was just lightly seared. But overall, he was pretty happy with his meal.I have to also commend this restaurant on their service as well. Not only were they very quick with the food, but our server and food runners were helpful and attentive to us (obviously very different from the usual Asian restaurant). I can't wait to come back again to this place and try their other dishes!
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,1/9/2012,60,291,6,15,9>What a gem, hidden in Saratoga along with the mountain!  I found this place via word of mouth.  And I am really glad I have found this place!  Yumi was my stylist, and she was just superb.  She is an excellent listener about your concern/needs and will deliver a solution that you're going to love!Overall, the service is excellent.   My haircut cost $50, and Yumi really didn't cut that much or hair.  But I would say, their price is probably compatible to other "Japanese" hair salon. Two notables are the chair you sit while they wash your hair and the massage they give... Ahh, heaven :-)Until now, I drove all the way to San Francisco for my hair needs, but I think I can now say good bye to this long distance relationship :p
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,1/8/2012,578,151,6,7,7>PROS: This place is adorable. The clothes ARE a bit pricey, but the quality is well worth it. I've been to the Sacramento location as well and both stores have awesome customer service. I normally "try" to focus on the clearance items (which is pretty good both in price and in styles) but there's always that ONE time that I find something that I really like so I allow myself to splurge a little. Here's a little note that an employee gave us if you ever want to return something: Do it at the end of the day. With a high end kid's store, many customers pay with card so if you purchased your items with cash you either have to put the refund on a card or try your chances at the end of the day to get cash back. CONS: Be prepared to fall in love with EVERYTHING in this store!
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,1/7/2012,288,435,6,6,6>This place was noticeable for their solar powered café.  It's a great place for pick me up in SJ downtown Japantown. And it's a great place to grab a drink, while waiting for some of the restaurants on the strip to openPros: Coffees and teas are freshly made to order and taste super yummy. There is seating indoor and outdoor. Its a clean local coffee shop with cute decor inside and outside (love the fresh flowers). Con: They close pretty early, and it can get it bit crowded.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,1/6/2012,278,1731,7,11,10>Ambiance?  Check.Lighting and decor?  Check.Ample seating?  Check.Variety of dishes on the menu?  Check.  Quick and friendly service?  Check.  Chips and salsa?  Salsa wasn't spicy but very good.My Diet Coke was refilled almost instantly!!!I ordered the chicken Burrito Famouso (thanks, Joel V.).  This is like a wet burrito.  The sauce is like an enchilada sauce, somewhat has a kick to it but not spicy, the chicken was flavorful, tender... I almost wish the burrito was bigger, haha.  In the end my tummy was happy.  Cons: not much of an al la carte menu.Pros: everything I listed and the memory of eating at La Pinata in Fremont w/ Nate R. some time ago.. aahh the memories!The end.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,1/5/2012,144,131,8,8,8>I am so sick of making my own ramen cuz the soup base that the real stuff comes with is packed with msg and other crap so having to finally try Santouka was such a palate full of deliciousness! I met up with a friend from OSU to try the famous Santouka ramen. We weren't sure what to get so it took us a while as first-timers. We ordered the extra pork miso ramen then bought andagi (okinawan donuts)  and takoyaki from the place next door (forgot the name...). As a person of Okinawan descent these donuts were gooood :D The first time I had it was in Okinawa yet the ones we got were almost just as yummy :) Had a crisp edge like ol' fashioned cake donuts. But anyway back to the ramen.  The hype lived up to my palate. The broth was light, slightly salty, miso-y and oodles full of pork and other goodies. I didn't have that drained, tired reaction as I do with MSG so I definitely was a happy camper after devouring my noodles. The takoyaki was okay.. I've had better. But overall this meal hit the spot! Next place to try is Orenchi!!
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,2/4/2011,1066,578,5,14,13>Great place! We came here after seeing this on Yelp and made the drive on a Saturday morning. As soon as we walked in, the server seated us. I was really excited by the menu - so many delicious items! Omelets, "eggery" dishes, pancakes, and more! I got just what I wanted: a veggie omelet with pancakes and fruit. The BF got the Mexican omelet. We usually always finish our breakfasts, but this was the first time in a long time that we had to get a to-go box. Altogether, the omelets with an orange juice were $26. Service was fast and the atmosphere was homey. I will come again!
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,2/3/2011,1335,1550,7,11,10>Met with JD for  a very late lunch today. We decided on Neto's since we talked about it back then and we remembered today and it is close to SCU. Tried their Famous Burger. I ordered the Linguica Burger with everything. JD was surprised. I was surprised! Reason being I wanted to try it the way Netos wanted customers to enjoy it. It was $7+ with soda.We didn't wait that long and food was ready. I really wanted to like my food. But I really couldn't. It was boring and bland. The linguica which was butterflied just lay there. There was no mutual admiration felt at all. All I really tasted was the onions and the mustard. JD liked his other version that came with Callebrese(sp) It was tastier and more interactive in my mouth as well. I will still go back and try their sandwich called Massacre something. Maybe it will massacre my previous encounter.The staff is well mannered and very quick to help.Love their spacious clean place. Serious sandwich lovers can have tons of different options. You can get your sandwich in half with soup as well. It looks like some TV show is projected onto a wall there too..awesome idea.Free tons of parking front and side.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,2/1/2011,942,253,12,18,16>It's about time a full service supermarket with an emphasis on ingredients from Mexico arrived in south San Jose!  There are the usual canned  and dry goods (both US and Mexico brands) and fresh produce (US, Mexico, etc.) however the fresh meats and seafood counter at the back of the supermarket is what sets this apart from your average American grocery store.  The hubby said he heard about the store opening from a golf buddy who lives in the Almaden area of San Jose.  We drove here on a weeknight and discovered the supermarket and the taqueria open and plenty of customers.  We decided to try the taqueria first and then shop at the supermarket after.The taqueria was clean with plenty of seating options.  Upon entering, on the right hand side is an auto-dispense machine where you can get anti-bacterial lotion to clean up, before and after eating - nice touch because I've only seen this at work and hospitals.  The menu signs are large and easy to read plus there are full color printed specials taped to the glass walls surrounding the counter areas.  The kitchen counter areas are protected by these glass walls to protect the food items being prepared presumably while you are waiting (no wait service here - cafeteria style). You give your order to one person and as they are making it, you can figure out what you want to drink before you get there.  The taqueria is open from 7AM - 9:30PM and they accept credit cards/ATM and cash.  Breakfast combinations (Huevos Rancheros - 2 eggs, beans, rice and fresh corn tortillas, Huevos Rancheros w/meat, Huevos w/chorizo, Chilaquiles and Chilaquiles with meat) will most definitely keep your energy going till lunch and maybe dinner!  There are dinner plates available (carne asada, pollo asado, pork carnitas, flautas, tamales, enchilada suizas, enchilada Michoacanas, Sopitos Michoacanos, chile relleno, Morisquetta - pork ribs over steamed rice), Mexican soups (caldo de res - beef stew, birria de chivo, menudo - saturday/sunday only) and seafood for a good variety to choose from.  The beverages range from agua frescas to jugos frescas to coffee, sodas and Mexican Hot Chocolate!Burritos, tacos, quesadillas, tortas/tostadas and nachos round out the rest of the menu wherein you make your meat choices in this ala carte section of their menu.The hubby ordered the taco plate (two tacos, beans and rice) while I had the pollo asado (1/2 flame broiled chicken).  The hubby and I both thought the chicken and the tacos (carnitas) had really good flavor but was a tad on the salty side.  The rice was good but the refried beans were on the bland side surprisingly.  We both had a fresh lemonade drink which we gave an A+ for in flavor.  I took home my chicken and the deicious pico de gallo salsa but left the refried beans on the plate.The supermarket has a good layout and every aisle is easily marked.  The one thing that I was disappointed in was the lack of an actual on site bakery.  There was a refrigerated case for those dessert items most likely made at one of their other locations and a glass case holding baked goods (Mexican breads and desserts).  Next time I will purchase the marinated meats for a quick bbq dinner along with several choices of fresh salsa and cheeses to go with.  I might also get some chicarrones (like the fried pork skin) as well.  We bought some fruits and other items during our first visit.Overall, if Mi Pueblo didn't move here, I'm glad Chavez Supermarket did.   It's a lot closer to drive here for me than going all the way over to Mi Pueblo on Story and King (though I still like that Mi Pueblo spot).  There's a grand opening on Friday, Jan. 28 and Saturday, Jan. 29th so check it out folks.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,1/31/2011,221,168,17,22,17>I was looking for a place to get my first smog check. Being a girl, i didn't really know where to go. I asked around for some advice and a few of my co-workers & family had recommended that i go see MT smog. When i got there, I mentioned that it was my first time getting a smog check done, and they took really good care of me. They were really sweet people. I have never stepped into a shop that offered me drinks before! They definitely know what they are doing to keep their customers coming back. I would definitely recommend everyone to come to MT smog for their next check; i know i will!
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,1/30/2011,477,595,8,14,13>I love this place!!  I have been on a vegan kick lately and this was one of the new places I've tried!  No meat, dairy or eggs here!  I ordered the Thai Basil Tofu and Green Beans with Brown Rice.  It was $4.50!  I also got to try their Summer Rolls and my friend's Pho.  Both were great but I think I liked what I ordered best.  The tofu was spicy and gave my meal a good amount of kick and the green beans were perfectly cooked!  This place is small but people seem to know about it.  I can't wait to come back here and try some more of their food items!
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2010,1/29/2011,1019,787,6,13,9>3.5 ratingI love how the place still has their grand opening sign. Look, this place isn't fancy but it doesn't need to be. You don't come here for the service (which is very straight to the point) or decor (looks like you're eating in Asia), you come here for good, greasy Chinese food, particularly the xiao long baos (soup dumplings). I come here pretty frequently with the co-workers and each time the food has been consistent. We always order a bunch of soup dumplings in a variety of flavors but just stick with the beef. The crab is whatever. The dumpling skin is thin so be careful not to pop it (happens often) but the soup is delicious and everything tastes greasy. I love greasy food. The other dishes are small but it's good for sharing. Prices are decent, I don't think I've ever paid more than $8-10 while sharing a lot of dishes.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,1/28/2011,388,717,8,12,10>I have booked marked this place since Connie has been here and I always pass by but never got a chance to stop in. Finally I decided last night to have dinner here. It was not busy at all and the space for the restaurant is really nice, I especially like the high ceiling which does make the place look bigger. The decor is modern with Asian flare. Now on to the food. Veggie Dumplings - These was okay, I think since they serve Dim Sum all day its been sitting in the steamer for to long cuz the wrapper skin was kinda mushy. The filling is okay. Porcupine Custard Buns - I love these and they are so cute. They are perfectly crunch on the outside but  nice soft inside. Plus the custard is just sweet enough but not overly. Vegetarian Chicken Crispy Tofu - This was a surprised and not bad at all. The tofu is like Agadashi tofu texture and the Veggie Chicken was good. Sometimes the Veggie Chicken is not great and doesn't taste so good. I think the sauce tied everything well together. Plus this dish was huge. Came with 16 pieces and I only ate half. I say don't order the white rice, it was hard was not good. Overall dinner was nice and they have a bar and desserts too. I was just to full after everything else to try anything more, but I will keep this place in mind. Service was great but then again it was not busy.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,1/27/2011,75,214,6,8,8>My favorite pizzeria, hands down.  Best pizza I've ever eaten.  Consistently outstanding.Great family-friendly environment, and just a few steps from Beard Papa's and Yogurtland.  (Not that I ever leave here with room for dessert!)Excellent service, starting with the friendly and professional owner-manager Robert Booth.  We usually chat with him a bit when we stop by.The photos show that it's possible to order a half-and-half pizza... but they can even split a large into quarters!  This was just the ticket for trying many different flavors at once.  Mr. Booth even had it cut into narrower slices ("double cut"), so the two of us could make it all the way around this custom "McHart's Sampler".(My favorites are the McHart's Special, BBQ Chicken, and Chicken Delight.)For the love of all things pizza, support this business so it will continue to flourish!
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,1/26/2011,439,671,12,14,10>The World According to NoelleAllergic Girl's Guide to LifeEvery good girl has secrets...youtube.com/watch?v=j82FBath Etc has an extensive collection of luxury bath items. In addition to their luxury bath items they have a good collection of home decor items- cutesy vintage signs, oil diffusers to liven any room, beautifully painted trays (which can be used for make-up, jewelry, etc), robes, towels. On my most recent visit, I picked up:Four bottles of "Let Them Eat Cake" parfume by Tokyo MilkPaddywax Raw Honey CandleMistral Lait Milk HandcreamVintage Wood Signs (home decor signs)On my recent honeymoon to Maui, I discovered the Tokyo Milk product line at the Ritz Carlton in Kapalua. Let Them Eat Cake is the most popular and hard to find parfume of the Tokyo Milk line :) I was extremely happy to pick up four bottles from Bath Etc.Kim, the owner is very personable and kind- which makes shopping a delight. They also have a great selection of CDs from some of my favorite groups like "Zero Seven."So, Yelpers here's a secret of mine- Bath Etc is in my top 5 of favorite shops in the SF Bay Area :) Happy Shopping!Love,Allergy Girl
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,1/25/2011,428,2224,10,15,13>I finally get to write a review! Again.. had not been here since joining Yelp and I got a chance to take some HS students here to participate in the Day with Thomas events. It is an amazing program for HS students to get some moola and community service hours for their school! Things to keep in mind if you are thinking about participating:1. Volunteer parking different than regular parking (there is a small slip past the entrance) 2. The students are doing either face painting, story telling, bubbles, riding the train/maintaining crowd control, food service and other customer service jobs.. if your students cannot do this without smiling and having a positive attitude this probably is not a good community service event for them.. there are tons of parents to deal with :-) Overall Park Do not bring a lowered car here.. your car will stall or get stuck on the rails/nature (bumpy trail type stuff or rocks). Parking is 8 bucks.. CASH ONLY  Check out the website for events/theme days Lots of fun!!
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,2/7/2010,299,340,18,16,16>Lunch or band practice?I met a vegan friend here for lunch last week, but after seeing her paper roast dosa delivered to the table, I had a flashback to high school band practice. The dosa was practically the size of a tuba and took up most of her side of the table. (Really, you must see this thing: yelp.com/biz_photos/UTv9. We couldn't stop laughing for at least 3 minutes.)I ordered the more diminutive but still sizable Masala dosa stuffed with the traditional potatoes and lentils, which came with a variety of chutneys. Unlike my filled dosa, my friend's paper roast dosa was served with both the chutneys and the filling in separate bowls.Even though I'm a complete South Indian cuisine novice, I think this place deserves four stars. The food is very tasty and incredibly cheap (most items are around $5), the proprietors are super sweet, the restaurant is even vegan friendly--and where else can you find a dosa that looks like a musical instrument?
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,2/6/2010,1260,803,21,34,29>I have major history here at the Filipino Community Center:- My parents were involved with several Filipino community organizations.  So this was the meeting spot for all their officer and club meetings.- Sometimes they would host their dinner dances here including Spring time picnics and barrio fiestas.- My dad would take me here to hang out with his barkada (friends) and then we'd venture off to Nishoka Bros fish market down the street.  This was a daily routine during my summer months in my elementary years.- In middle school, this is where I was first exposed to mobile deejaying - watching Unlimited Play Productions.- In high school, this was the first time I experienced mobile deejay battles - the legendary battles of Ladda Sounds, Sound City Productions, and Sound Syndicate.- By the time I was a junior in high school, my friends and I were already hosting our parties here - aka "The Sixth Street Parties"- My senior year I was already one of the elite DJ's in the San Jose community hosting more parties than downtown San Jose - this is where DJ Waltski was born.- During the 90's the community center was too small to entertain and accommodate the annual Summer events.- By 1994, Street Jam was born.   The local community organizers started to host the annual summer events right in front of the community center.- In 1995,  they decided to move Street Jam to downtown San Jose.   As a result, the community center began to diminish and fall back to its small events.- Today, its serves as a local hang out spot for retired Filipino community members.Last year, I decided to visit the community center (since I was in the area for the Sake Festival at Japantown).   It hasn't changed much.   The interior hall still has its old fixtures and old school landscaping.   A fresh new look on the front, but the insides are still the same.    Though it may appear to be run down, it still brought back a lot of memories - children running around with Filipino desserts in their hands, the music of old school hip hop, and laughter of my parents and their social friends.   I wish I was a billionaire.    One the first projects would be to tear down the center and re-build it for the next generation to use and appreciate.   It would be one of my major contributions to the community.    And a way to say Thank you to the original founders that built the first and only Filipino Community Center in San Jose.   As I was told by my parents and their friends, this was the meeting place for all the Filipino immigrants that came to San Jose.    The early generation were farmers, cannery workers, hotel workers, nurses, care providers, book keepers, janitorial, and construction.   After a busy work week, Friday and Saturday nights were filled with music, games, and Filipino potlucks.    My family still has pictures from the late 1960's and early 1970's.  I guess that would have been their UYE's in those days.    They looked so young.  So happy.  So carefree!    * tears of happiness *      If I get my family's permission, I will borrow the old photo album and delicately scan the images.     Who knows, maybe my parents partied with your parents back in those days.So if I get the lucky lotto numbers this year, you best believe that I'm going to make this a glorious center!
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,2/5/2010,222,319,6,13,10>It's a change of pace from the usual Pho that's out there. It's Northern style Pho and it's original in its own right. Here are some of the differences I encountered:You don't get perfectly sliced rare flank steak. You get it mashed and pounded and tenderized. Tony Soprano must be working the meat station in the back.You don't get broth that has its main ingredient is MSG. You get a milder tasting, maybe a little bland broth, but somehow still addictively slurp-tastic good.You get a choice of rice noodles. The broad or the thin. I prefer the broad. Makes me feel like I'm having a heartier portion.You can have your bean sprouts already boiled and cooked. Or you can go have it raw. Provides a nice texture if you have it raw. But it can cool down your steaming hot broth. Your choice.A bowl of this comforting goodness is going to cost you about $6-7 depending on the size you want. Be sure to bring cash because they shun the plastic.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,2/4/2010,576,429,25,24,25>Yumi Yogurt by TinaYumi Yogurt, I adore you.You came before all these other froyo fools.Although you're not self-serve,does it really matter?Your servings are gynormous,without making me fatter.Your small-medium-large prices don't make me cringe,although your fro-yo makes me want to binge.I call you every day to see what the current flavors are.If you have what I want, I'd travel near and far.Your cute shop makes for a nice chill spot,on those relaxing summer days, sunny and hot.Your original plain tart is sorta creamy,smooth, a bit tangy, but oh so dreamy.Not too sweet, but not too tart.Good enough to melt my heart.:)
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,2/3/2010,563,743,10,11,12>After all of the hype I've read about this place, I finally got the chance to try it this past Monday for dinner with friends. And thankfully, Opa was everything it was all hyped up to be. :)The restaurant itself is very cozy (which can also be interpreted as "small"). That, combined with a "No Reservations" policy, gave us a 30 minute wait for a table. Not bad but since I was starving, it may have seemed longer than it really was. Service was attentive and friendly. We were deciding between the Greek Cab or California Cab. The server let us sample the Greek Cab--thank goodness. We weren't a fan and opted for a California Cabernet. Yum. The food arrived swiftly and was delicious. We got two appetizers for the table: Spanakopita and the Fiery Feta Dip. The dip was delish--slathered on top of pieces of pita bread and it had a little kick to it. The Spanakopita was really amazing. Super savory, well seasoned, and the filo was perfectly crunchy. yelp.com/user_local_phot The bf and I split two entrees. He ordered the "Opa Deluxe Pita Pizza" which had feta cheese, bell peppers, mushrooms, and Greek sausage. What a great dish! yelp.com/user_local_phot I ordered us the Pork Souvlaki with Opa Fries. yelp.com/user_local_phot The pork itself was ok--very juicy but lacked a little seasoning. Maybe I needed to dip them in some tahini. But the Opa Fries were awesome and came with herbs and feta sprinkled on them. Overall, it was a great dining experience. We'll definitely be back to try some of their other dishes. OPA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,2/1/2010,207,317,14,18,14>Thanks to Yelp, my S.O. and I found Dr. Anderson and his friendly staff. I think I was more nervous than my new doggie Simon when we first walked though the door, since we're new dog owners. However, the staff was friendly, and we were immediately put at ease.After adopting our new Silky Terrier last week, we decided it was best to schedule him for an immediate vet appointment to be sure that his health is good. We also had a LOT of questions for Dr. Anderson, since we weren't given an instruction manual when we adopted Simon.Dr. Anderson was extremely patient with us while we rapid-fired (ok, I rapid-fired) questions at him. What about the itching? How often can we wash him? Why does his breath smell so much? How much food should we feed him? What kind of food is best? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah....He eased my nerves and gave the report that Simon is healthy and is about the age we think he is.Simon has another appointment in a couple weeks to get a dental cleaning. My dentist dad will be proud.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,1/31/2010,655,1338,4,9,10>We recently had some good news to celebrate, and my husband and I decided we'd do it here. We'd been wanting to try this place for awhile, and after seeing Chef Kinch beat the pants off Bobby Flay in a recent Iron Chef, we REALLY wanted to check it out. Upon being seated, we found a card at the table that had a lovely congratulatory note inside. (I had mentioned when making the opentable reservation what we were celebrating.) I knew going in it would be very expensive, and quite possibly one of the best meals if my life. Luckily, I wasn't disappointed. All of the dishes were good, but there are a few that stick out in my mind as being truly amazing. The first was the squash risotto, with no rice. Sounds weird huh? Risotto with no rice? Our server explained to us that it is cooked risotto style, and the rice is removed. Honestly, after hearing the time and effort that goes into alot of the dishes(not just this one), it's even more incredible. I had abalone that was so good it almost defies description. It didn't taste like fish , and the onions in in the dish didn't taste like onions. I don't really know what to compare it to. I just know I was impressed. We also received a few free things. The first being a shot glass of strawberry gazpacho. It was tasty, I probably wouldn't order it on a menu, but I was glad I got to try it. We were also fortunate to receive one of the chef's signature dishes. It's an egg that is layered with maple syrup, (i think vinegar and sea salt too.) It was a surprisingly delectable dish. I couldn't believe how much I liked it. I rarely eat bread at restaurants, but for this meal I made an exception. The levain they serve is some of the best bread I've ever had. Just when we thought it couldn't get any better.... The desserts were brought out. OMG!OMG!OMG! I ordered the "Taste of New Orleans." It consisted of a few things I've never had before. Beignets that were absolute perfection...I've never had a beignet before, and after this I'm sure there could never be one that measures up On a separate plate there was a candied pecan delight, a caramelized slice of banana, and a canelle of butter pecan (i think) ice cream. I don't even like pecans, but I seriously could have licked my plate. We also had some great wine, and the server even printed out on a cute little card the names of what we drank. This place does take a long time for dinner, and we didn't even do the tasting menu, and were still there for almost 3 hours. Service was close to impeccable, and our waitress was very knowledgeable, and friendly. Nothing about the place felt as stuffy as I imagine it could have, (given the prices they charge.) At the end of the night, the manager offered to give us a tour of the kitchen, and then had us hang out long enough to meet the chef. For some reason, I felt totally tongue tied, (i guess I was a bit star struck, I felt like a chef groupie.) Chef David Kinch was so nice, and incredibly humble. I was once again blown away. Especially given his enormous talent. The food here is truly an experience, not just a meal. All of the food served is so well thought out, so creative, interesting and above all else, phenomenally delicious.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,1/29/2010,294,926,11,17,15>For my milestone reviews, I like to save em for something special, so for my 600th my new found dance home is it. Dancing here is a fun activity that happens to be exercise along with stress-reliever and happiness inducer. My most wonderful recent life addition since becoming a yelper. Cost to worth it rating: 4 ($18/class drop it but if you pre-pay or take multiples it's $13 or less)Return worthiness: YES!!!Highlights:- People: the biggest strength of this place, as everyone is so incredibly welcoming and friendly and epitomizes a true family. There are people who have been regulars for years but they aren't cliquey but open to all newcomers. Attitude is collaborative and there for fun rather than competitive. Every single person I've met has been fantastic. I could go in forever about each, but here are some I have to mention. -- Oanh: owner who teaches as well as runs the studio. She cares about each student and the very first time I came she seemed genuinely happy and thanked me for joining her studio. So sweet.-- Brandie: awesome hip hopstress extraordinaire. Amazing dancer and choreographer who works her class hard in the best way: you get the best workout, learn so much, and are inspired by her.-- Kristy: jazz funkstress who plays fun music and was my first Ariel teacher to encourage me to keep coming back-- Kim: fantastic theatrical jazzer who creates such fun routines and teaches in such a specific way so that she makes sure everyone looks perfectly together-- Eric: I almost didn't include him cause his ego is so large being in almost every class, but his hamminess can't help but make you smile and his big heart and effort to make every person who joins feel like they belong is invaluable -- Monica: via a yelp thread she recommended this place and I decided to try it out. She gave me detailed info about classes and has become a dear friend.   - Amount of adult classes: unmatched in any studio in the greater area with 6/night with styles from jazz to hip hop to tap and more. Many studios cater to kids with a few teen/adult classes for high school kids, but this studio is for the real adult looking to continue their dance education- Shows: professional quality and a fun performing outlet Midlights:- Varying levels of difficulty in classes depending on instructors and participants. For some intermediate can be more beginner and others you need to have significant experience for.Lowlights:- No water fountain or waiting area: need to bring your own water bottle and wait in the sides of the rooms. Forced me to get me Ellen "laugh, dance, hydrate" water bottle that I love, however and you get to observe other classes while waiting for yours.- No air conditioning: makes it a little bikram yoga-ish during those heat wave days but there are big fansSince the studio I'd been going to for 12 years has made some changes, I've been thrilled to find Ariel and am happy to continue dancing there for years to come.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2009,1/28/2010,132,237,10,11,11>last bike party, i had their carne asada quesedillas. tasted really good but they were really greasy. drippy greasy. not pretty but it tasted pretty good. not the best, but good.their hospitality, on the other hand, is the best. they are super friendly. with thousands of bike partiers partying in the parking lot, their restroom was open to anyone. even if they didn't buy from them. they even provided electricity for the band who provided punk entertainment for us bike partiers! how cool is that?!now that san jose bike party won't start here anymore, my would be monthly visits for a quick bite to eat before a long cruising ride around san jose will be no more. however, if i'm in need of some good mexican food, great hospitality and in the area, i'm definitely patronizing them.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,1/27/2010,849,1374,8,82,62>This is the best South Bay restaurant I've tried in about the last two years of living here. And it's good and cheap. Score! (Or however you say "GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAALLL!" in Arabic.)Gulzaar serves a combination of Middle Eastern and Pakistani (similar to Indian) food, dishes up halal meats, and is very popular among the Muslim and non-Muslim communities. For $20 two people can leave very well fed and happy. There are 4 manakesh on the menu - flat breads served hot out of a stone oven. The Zaatar one ($2.95) is covered in thyme and sesame seeds. It's a very strong and distinct taste. I like it a lot but a little goes a long way.The Lentil Soup ($4.25 regular/$5.95 large) is the best I've ever had in my life. The owner includes a little cilantro and a tiny bit of fried onion (I think that's what it is) on top. One visit I had the Chicken Samosa ($2.25) which consisted of ground chicken and spices). It was also very good.Two dishes on the menu sound almost the same - the Chicken Tikka plate and the Chicken Biryani (each is $9.99). The owner recommended the Chicken Tikka to us and said to order it spicy. He said they only use chicken breast meat in the chicken dishes, so it was a relief not to have any scary pieces. This is going to sound weird but the Chicken Tikka is the best version of chicken biryani I've ever had. Basically the Chicken Tikka is like a biryani - there are large hunks of chicken served over rice with lots of nuggets of spice, herbs, and whatever else is in there. On another visit we had the actual Chicken Biryani. I don't remember how it was different but I remember that we declared that the Chicken Tikka was better so we've ordered that ever since. An herbed yogurt sauce is served on the side of both dishes, and it serves as a nice raita to cool down the spiciness. (The spicing is the perfect level of spiciness and not too spicy.)The owner is also the server. He is amazingly friendly and nice, and answers questions about dishes in detail. On our last visit he gave us a very tasty sweet made from milk, topped with a pistachio that was left over from a catering job (most of their business is catering). I forgot to mention - they also have a bakery case with a few breads and sweets.After you order at the counter, the owner brings over all the accoutrements - a tray of plastic utensils and a pitcher of ice water, which are enough to take over the adjacent seats. The dining area is simple and just consists of a few small tables and some long communal ones with plastic tablecloths.Recommendations for your first visit:I recommend the Zaatar (or another flat bread), Lentil Soup (large), and Chicken Tikka Plate (order spicy). This is enough to serve two (you'll have to split up the Lentil Soup and Chicken Tikka yourself). I'm still exploring the menu (I've only been three times but this is an excellent addition to the weekend lunch rotation.)
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2006,10/27/2006,318,114,,9,12>If the Tesla Roadster isn't a car that you haven't heard of before, you will soon enough. To cut to the chase, the Tesla Roadster is a fully electric car...but instead of focusing strictly on the goal energy efficiency, Tesla of San Carlos has decided to create a hot little sports car that can hang with it's gas-powered super car brethren. Tesla often talks about previous electric powered or energy efficient cars as being "punishment" cars- cars built by folks who think that we really shouldn't be driving at all. As such we get electric cars with limited range and horrible styling. However, Tesla feels that the key to actually popularizing an electric car lies in making it a "hot" car...not just hot for an electric car. After partnering with Group Lotus plc in the UK (makers of the Lotus Elise and Esprit), they produced this little beauty.After having a bit of lunch down California Ave., a buddy noticed a little flyer for an electric-car club meet happening just a few blocks away at Palo Alto High School. Since I missed out on Tesla's public debut at the Pebble Beach Concours, ain't no way I was going to pass up this one. After finally seeing it in person, it is indeed a sexy beast. Folks that already know me know that I've got a little thing for the Elise, and the core chassis of that car serves the Tesla quite well.For an electric car, or any car for that matter, weight is the enemy of energy efficiency and performance. And since the car is already saddled with 900lbs of Li-ION batteries, they had to make everything else as light as possible. As a result, the Tesla Roadster sits on a Lotus chassis that weighs about 125 lbs. It's then clothed almost completely in dry carbon fiber.The car goes like hell too, getting from naught to sixty in "about 4 seconds" and a top speed of 130mph. It also has an effective range of about 250 miles. I had a chance to bug, er, pick the brains of several employees, and found that the longest single charge distance that the car has done in the real world was a trip from San Carlos to San Luis Obispo. As only engineering prototypes exist currently, it's tough to say what the final range will be.In addition to the sexy car in front of me, and all of it's nice performance specs, one thing I noticed was just how fiercely passionate these guys were about the car that they are building and about their vision for the company. And not in the all too typical money hungry entrepreneurial sense, but in an almost religious quest sense. From the engine guy, to the electronics guy, all the way to Martin Eberhard the CEO, all of the Tesla Folks I met were full of stories and more than happy to answer the thousands of questions that people asked. From their love/hate run ins with Lotus (Several key Lotus folks have jumped ship for Tesla), to their adventures with engine parts manufacturing in Asia to their defense of IP and their current challenge of safety testing, there's a ton going on all at once.What caught me off guard when I first heard about them is that this isn't just some shiny concept car never to reach the masses. The first production cars are set to hit the road in the second half of next year, and they've already sold out their first run off 100 "signature" cars to folks who've dropped the full $100K deposit. All told, they've received about 170 deposits thus far. After the first 200 cars are sold, they expect to drop the price of the car to around $85K. Following that, their next big task is to create a car with more doors and at an even lower price point. Maybe I really should think about getting a 220v line in my new garage?
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2006,10/26/2006,313,780,22,14,8>After six months in the Valley (as in, Silicon), I came to a realization: San Mateo and Berkeley have officially become way too far for me to venture out once a month for a Brazilian wax. My hair on top is one thing - I go to Grasshopper Salon in SF and regardless of where in the Bay Area I may move, I'll never give up Hung because I love him to death and my hair is super bangin' - but my nether regions are another. As far as bikini waxes go, it's really all about convenience, since only one other person benefits from it - so why make the process any more complicated than it has to be?Anyway, Lavender was the only place that called me back with availability for appointments - and to my utter delight, when I mapquested it, I found out it was one exit away from where I work. It's a cute little oasis of a spot located within a strip mall that caters to mostly Asian clientele. Jane was my esthetician, and she talked to me pretty much the entire time she waxed, which some people might find distracting but I personally welcome it because I'd rather hear conversation over the sound of hot wax being ripped off my crotch any day. Past waxers I've had used white strips with hot honey wax, but Jane had this green wax stuff that she put on, let harden, and then quickly ripped off. It was the most painless - and yet one of the most thorough - waxes I have ever had. It was also interesting in terms of positions - I've had to contort myself silly for bikini waxes before, but this was truly the first time anyone had asked me to straight up bend over on all fours in a non-sexual context. I felt like I was in a 2 Live Crew video, but it was more funny to me than anything. I'm very easily amused. At the end of it all, she handed me a mirror, and it was a very thorough job, which I reaped the benefits of later that night. THAT'S RIGHT, I SAID IT. Not bad for $50. I'll be back next month for sure.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2005,10/25/2006,288,330,6,1,6>So much pink, so much lace, so much girly stuff, and SUCH great mirrors in the dressing rooms! I think a few places that sell CLOTHES [let alone bathing suits or undies] can learn a lesson or two from these dressing rooms!!! When the light is nicely and evenly diffused from the SIDES [not from the top, which exaggerates shadows] it makes people look smoother and better. Having the big velvety rooms is not a bad idea either! If you look in the mirror, and find yourself mostly naked in a soft velvety room and you look HOT, you WILL buy whatever you're trying on! I've done this a million times! I KNOW in my mind that the underwear does not have a magic way of transforming me into a goddess [it's just very good light!], but I fall for it EVERY DAMN time.but I'm a girl, so it's all completely justified! Hooray for frilly undies!
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2006,10/24/2006,159,279,2,5,4>Savor the vestiges of our childhood in a handful of colorful blocks.  And, as I recall, the pieces were pretty tasty; wonderful to gnaw on as a toddler.Work stations with large bins of assorted bricks and other building materials are provided for kids to sample.  Adults are welcome to play as well, given that they are well-behaved and keep the blocks out of their mouths.Presorted buckets and boxes of blocks for specific projects abound the shelves, and random brick bags are available as starter kits for the prudent buyers.  Note that some of these buckets, although they have a picture in front, do not include blueprints.  The best is the lego buffet... a virtual Home Depot with every basic piece of Lego construction material any serious self-respecting freestyle lego mason can imagine.  $12 to fill up a container the size of a Giant Slurpee, which is a decent buy, considering you can pick and choose the pieces you want.  Smaller containers also available.A great place to reminisce, foster your child's creativity, release your inner child, or just pick up a great gift for people of all ages.  I don't know if this is a limited time offer, but they said every $75 you spend in the store will get you a free child's admission to Lego land... which is in San Diego.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2006,10/22/2006,690,683,2,16,21>We had a little excitement at the house a few days ago when my wife, suffering from severe stomach pain that later turned out to be appendicitis, started hyperventilating.  Scary stuff.  Well, this led to my first 911 call... and I must say that I came away very impressed with the RWC Fire Department.  Why, you might ask?  Three reasons:1. These guys moved fast.  I heard the truck's siren coming our way while I was literally still on the phone with the 911 operator.  Definitely not more than 90 seconds since I'd placed the call.2. They knew what they were doing.  In addition to several fire fighters who are presumably great at batting flames, they had a paramedic in tow who quickly diagnosed our hyperventilation, administered oxygen and had my wife back into stable, talking condition.3. They were good folks.  When my two year old got out of bed and expressed understandable concern about both his mother and the surrounding chaos, one of the firemen brought him out to look at the truck and left him with one of those plastic fire helmets as a souvenir.My wife did end up getting an appendectomy and recovered amazingly fast, so the story ends well.  And most relevant to this review, I came away feeling both heartfelt thanks towards these men of the  Redwood City Fire Department... and that I've never been more pleased with how my tax dollars are being spent.Hopefully you'll never have need of these services, but it sure is nice to know they're there.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2006,10/21/2006,355,2769,2,9,3>I went here for my birthday dinner with my husband on Sun 3/19/06.  I booked the reservation on Opentable which is very easy maybe a month before.  A couple days before the date I called to make sure they got my reservation, yes it was.  Everything's good to go.Check their website for directions!!  It's off North Santa Cruz Ave, look for Pedro's on the Left, it's right behind Pedro's.  Park in the Bank of the West parking lot after 6pm or side streets, parking lots nearby.We had the $110 tasting menu per person and hubby got 2 half glasses of wine for $12 for both.  You get choice of bread: walnut or olive and they come around often to give you more if wanted.  I liked the olive the best.You can take pics.  Mine didn't come out so great but the waiter we had said some bring tripods and everything.  I requested a good table and I think we got it.  Corner table next to the window main seating area.  Husband got to sit on the comfy seat not the chair which I heard is not comfortable.Tasting menu takes 3hrs to get through and you get very full at the end, probably cuz of the 16 courses and lots of bread!Let them know if u have any special request or allergic to something.  I don't eat deep fried things so they substituted a sweet/salty mango lime lassi in its place.  Nice.My favorites: all the amuse bouche, tiny portion of hake, kid goat, suckling pig, fatty bluefin tuna belly w/ local kieffer lime;  Husband loved "The Egg" and everything else.  Can't give it 5 stars because it's a bit far from the East Bay and it's a lot of money.  Definitely try it once cuz it's easy to get reservations still.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2006,10/20/2006,118,190,20,10,5>My favorite thing about this spa is their hours.  8:30 AM to 11 PM 7 days a week. That's like, I could conceivably go out to dinner, get a little tipsy, make out on the street with some guy, and then nip over to the spa and grab a little facial.  Not that I did that! Sheesh. Yeah also, I actually did get the best facial here. Because the service was so great, I ordered a tub room and a massage for my bf's birthday. I was sort of titillated by that "intercourse way" nickname (yeah i know, drrty)... So we snuck in some bubbly and some nibbles, but then, no way man, this water is WAY too hot to sit still in for 2 minutes, let alone to try and hook up with someone in it. Maybe they do that on purpose to prevent ppl from getting too nasty now? All I know is that I was hopping in and and out of the tub to take cooling showers for our entire session.  So no sexy sparks in the tub room. Maybe the scaldacious water was an aberration. I sure hope so, or else ppl are really getting pretty desperate about finding places to sex it up. I mean, that would be like, hi baby, let's go get naked in a cauldron placed in the mouth of an active volcano. No? Pourquoi pas?But still, the great hours! The best facial ever! In Palo Alto! 4 stars.Totally recommend Inna for the facial. YES! I am goign to give her facials out like candy for birthday gifts. But only for ppl I love.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,10/18/2006,10/19/2006,0,1,,6,2>UPDATE:I HAVE TO SAY THAT I STILL ENJOY PF CHANG'S FOOD, HOWEVER MY HUSBAND HAS TO FIND ANOTHER JOB BECAUSE IT'S NOT GIVING HIM AS MUCH IN TIPS AS THEY TOLD HIM TO EXPECT, DON'T GET A JOB HERE!
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2006,10/18/2006,21,12,27,6,9>Nestled in an anonymous space in a nondescript strip mall. A Baskin-Robbins around the corner sells 31 flavors of ice-cream. But that's nothing compared to Clover, which sells 31 kinds of crazy.Here's a sampling of Clover's offerings, sorted by descending order of crazy...Deep-Fried Hot Dog: This isn't very weird. It is very good. It's basically a cousin of the corn dog: a hot dog encased in deep-fried dough. Only this has a crispyish texture on the outside and the "wrapper" has a nice bread-y mouth-feel instead of a mushy cornmeal mouth-feel. Best enjoyed after a quick pass through a toaster oven for maximal crispyness.Spaghetti, um, Sandwich: Here's where shit starts to get kind of crazy. It's a spaghetti sandwich. Ridiculous! What is the point of this? Why would you package a starch inside of a starch? A sandwich's filling is supposed to be where it derives its flavor, and the last time I checked, one doesn't flavor with starches. Like...nobody walks around with a little bottle of Cream of Rice to sprinkle on their food when it needs extra oomph.Eating a spaghetti sandwich is almost precisely as absurd as serving "bread pasta". It's also analogous to having fondue, but instead of dipping your little wedge of bread into a pot of melted cheese, you're dipping it into a pot of linguine. E.g., it is fucking stupid.Actually, it wasn't entirely stupid, but only due to the presence of slices of spicy hot dog. But that doesn't make eating a spaghetti sandwich a sensible act. All it does is tell you that a spicy hot dog sandwich would be a good sandwich; too bad 65% of each bite is taken up by fucking spaghetti.Oh, but check it out, because it gets stupider...Chow Mein, eh, Sandwich: No slices of spicy hot dog. Would you ever put aside your butter or jam and spread chow mein on your toast? Obviously not. So why would you make a chow mein sandwich?Okonomiyaki, er, Sandwich: For those of you who don't know, "okonomiyaki" is a sort of...noodle omelette sort of affair. Not as plain as "chow mein", but still not something that should be served in a loaf of bread.Clover generally seems fairly busy, so I guess there's a market for this noodle sandwich bullshit. I plan on testing the boundaries of consumer acceptance by opening up my own ricockulous place, so I can pawn off cockamamey culinary dodos like "rice pilaf pizza" and "mashed potato wrapps". When you order french fries, you'll be able to dip them in little containers of bread crumbs. When you dig into my pot pies, you'll find a steaming hot center of sourdough bread. And if I feel like getting all fusion-y with my shit, I'll serve oatmeal maki rolls.Mayonnaise and Corn, uh, Sandwich: Still crazy, but also still somewhat logical. At least corn has flavor that can be discerned even after getting mashed up in a mouthful of bread.Egg and Mayonnaise...um...Danish?: This is like...like an "Open-Faced Egg-Salad Sandwich Created By An Idiot". If I were to construct an Egg'n'Mayo Danish, I'd at least slice the eggs so my customers don't have to struggle with getting proportionate amounts of hard-boiled egg and pastry within each bite.Crab and Fish Roe...er...Something: Somehow, this one makes the most sense to me. Clover also makes and sells many things not belonging to the crazy genus. Stuff like house-baked sweet toast. Or deep-fried curry pastry-things. I really want to try one of the latter. I have, in fact, one of them in my possession, but it's been sitting in my car since last Friday and I'm currently entertaining an internal debate as to whether or not it's still safe to eat.I know it sounds like I'm making fun of this place. I mean, I *am* making fun of it. But that doesn't mean I don't love it. Because I do. Not sure if it's despite or because of how fucking nuts the menu is, but love it I do.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2006,10/17/2006,796,810,3,4,5>Went shopping for a long black dress for my companion. I wanted to get her a special dress, and some shoes to go along with the pearls I bought her for her birthday.  Headed out to Nordstrom.  Extremely professional and service oriented staff.  As humble as I am, got to admit they made a big deal out of me buying the dress and shoes for my lady.  Treated me like a king. Anyway, we explained what we were looking for and the associated selected 3 dresses for viewing.  My lady tried them all on, and I got to watch her model.  The final one was it. Long black dress with nice flowing lines.  Really elegant. Off to the shoe section to get the matching shoes.  Another associate took care of us, and after 4 model shoes examined and fitted, we ended up with the perfect matching ones for the dress. Kudos to the store and its staff. Nordstrom knows how to do it right.  The experience was memorable. That evening my companion dressed up with the black dress, black shoes and the new pearl necklace with matching earrings. Let's see, what do they say?  Oh yes......Priceless!!!
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2007,1/5/2008,59,63,5,4,6>Mondays are my work-late days. My friend (who also works late on Mondays) lives in Santa Cruz, and the "Elephant Bar" is right there, by Highway 17. First plus: convenience.Yes, they may be predictable. No remarkable dishes in the menu, but yet good stuff. I should highlight the variety: plenty of originally vegetarian options (with the possibility of adding chicken or shrimp).They also are dieter-friendly and offer some low-carb specialties; I really appreciate them being, without knowing, accomplices of my plan.The chocolate lava cake is to die for (see why my diet is becoming kind of a challenge?)We usually eat at the bar. Perry brings the water and a couple of glasses of Merlot as we sit, before even asking. Not exactly "Cheers", but still feels good. Didn't know how tell him that today I was more in a Sauvignon Blanc mood...
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,1/3/2008,602,200,20,26,42>About 3 years ago, I was involved in an accident. I had been going too fast off a very curvy off-ramp. I overcompensated, turned my wheel, lost control of my car and hit the concrete barrier. After my co-worker and I got out of the car, my car did a 180 (I suspect b/c my wheel was turned in that direction) continued to cross the off ramp into a clearing of trees. It hit the trees and caught on fire....TWICE.Luckily- no one else was injured, except for my co-worker and I.My friends say that I never half ass anything, so they called this my "Rockstar" moment. I was very, very lucky to walk away with just a seat belt gash, a large bruise on my knee (see pic below), whiplash and a costal chondral separation (slipped rib- pain on movement, felt pop or snap, breathing hard near max).  static.px.yelp.com/photoMy co-worker and I were transported to Stanford Hospital via an ambulance and into the caring hands of the hospital staff. They were AWESOME. They put up with my wise ass, joke cracking, injured dumbass- seriously. I was in pain, and the way I deal with pain is to make jokes and laugh uncontrollably. Really. They administered several tests, CT Scan, Ultrasound, and a MRI, and were very thorough.  They made sure that my battered body was whole again. The staff had the bedside manner of Santa Claus and were delightful as can be.My co-worker was lucky to just get a few scrapes.Yelpers know me as Bella, but I will be forever known at Stanford Hospital as Foxtrot 42.THANK YOU VERY MUCH, STANFORD HOSPITAL!!
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2007,1/2/2008,76,35,5,7,5>Probably older customers are familiar with Nails Affair, but they are changing their name to Loma Spa.  No matter which name you prefer, the service is absolutely outstanding.  All the staff members are extremely friendly, even if you are not their client.      Tea and crackers are complimentary.  They make you feel welcomed and show you that they appreciate your visit.  Furthermore, the spa looks fantastic!  The decor is charming and cozy, and the place is CLEAN!They offer all types of services: nails, facials, make-up, etc.  I've only gone to this place for a facial and it is the best by far!  The reason is because the estheticians don't just go to work on your face and send you out the door.  They teach you about your skin and what to do to maintain a healthy face, and what to avoid.  They're experts in this field and have tons of knowledge and experience to back it up.Services may be a bit pricey, but they offer student discounts!  Who else does that!If you're considering a place to get pampered and take care of your skin, you should definitely give this place a try-- you'll love it!
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2007,1/1/2008,66,88,6,6,7>Mission Peak is a 2.8 mile summit.  It's great for hiking and getting that natural outdoor workout.  The hike is about 5 hours up and down.  It's great for your ass, legs and thighs, that's for sure.  Bring lots of water to hydrate yourself.  Even dogs are permitted.Bottom line:  No membership gym fees, monument peaks and great views of the South Bay.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2007,12/31/2007,56,91,4,9,7>A true hidden gem of Union City :)I love this place, but it tends to be unnoticed because of its "out of sight" location. It is, on the other hand, conveniently located right by the BART, so eco-friendly commuters are usually the ones lucky enough to to find this place.The owner is the NICEST person you will ever meet. She is extremely dedicated to making your experience pleasurable, and takes her time to make your food extra delicious. I remember once, she told my bf and I that if we didn't like our food, we wouldn't have to pay. Of course we would've paid whether we liked it or not, but that just shows how serious she is about making her customers happy :) She'll also remember you no matter how long its been, or how many times you've visited her cafe.Not only is the service incredible, their food is top-notch! Your belly will love you forever. Their asian sandwiches, in particular, are my favorite :) I guarantee you'll get hooked on the first bite! AND, their chicken is ALWAYS juicyyyy and tenderrrr.They have an extensive carte du jour; ranging from simple sandwiches (turkey, tuna melt, roast beef, etc.) to complex/specialty sandwiches (chicken teriyaki, philly cheese steak, prawn club, etc.) as well as a variety of burgers and salads. Their drink menu is EXTREMELY vast (view photos). It's different from other typical boba cafes, because the flavors are consistently right on. I fell in love with her Lychee smoothie. I even prefer this place over the Tapioca Express across the street!To sum it up:+ Outstanding and EXTREMELY Friendly Service+ Wide-ranging Menu+ Delicious Food & Drinks+ Cute, Bright Atmosphere+ Easy on the Wallet!It's the BEST! Surely well worth your time and money :)
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2007,12/30/2007,41,28,2,3,5>5 Stars for their Phili Cheese Steak Sandwiches.  This place is down the street from my work and I have to use all my restraint to stop myself from going there all the time.  I haven't tried any of their other food because I am completely fulfilled with the cheese steak sandwiches.  They are perfect and they come with a side of fries that have a weird, sweet taste to them but they are also really good.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2007,12/29/2007,930,548,7,10,6>I called them a few days ago to find out if they had a used or new copy of "Cinema Paradiso" - I had to spell it for the girl on the phone. I mean, is it really that hard? Well, she said they didn't have it (and after sitting on hold for a few minutes). I didn't believe her, I sooooo didn't believe her.I walked in there a few hours later. What do i find? Cinema Paradiso proudly displayed on the foreign films shelf, exactly where it should be. I'm really annoyed that she lied... oh well.There is something for everyone here (fo' realz), and their prices are usually cheaper than Streetlight Records a few blocks away. Although, when I called Streetlight, they didn't ask me how to spell "Cinema Paradiso" and they told me that the movie was there... all in less than 30 seconds. mmm hmmm...
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,12/28/2007,276,152,27,22,29>As a youngin, Lexington Reservoir was one of my favorite places to take off to. Whether it'd be with friends or fam or both, there is nothing you can do but enjoy yourself. There were a lot of first that happened at the Res.1st time I saw my mom swim across an entire lake/reservoir,  "Wow"1st time I tried to do the same 30 minutes later just to end up having to be rescued by the ranger. "Dammmmnn it"1st time I ever caught a fish... I was like 5 and so what if I thought the 3 inch fish was HUGE!1st time I ever went hiking... dope trails, I promise you'll like.1st time I sank a blow-up boat, having to be rescued by the ranger... just to sink another an hour later so I could catch a ride on his boat... again.1st time I ever saw someone get bit by a snake... O' Lord I almost passed out.If you are down around the Los Gatos area or heading to Santa Cruz, stop off at Lexington Reservoir to make some of your own memories. There's a 1st time for everything.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2007,12/27/2007,301,821,8,10,10>Yelp has seriously been the catalyst to my recent weight gain. However, I decided that if I work out a couple more times a week, I can keep up with my bookmarks and not feel so guilty. That being said.... I tried La Pattisserie in Cupertino before I tried this place, and though the selection may not be as good (though I came at the end of the day and they had obviously sold out of items), I would choose them over La Pattiserie. 1. Their almond meringues are very tasty though tiny as hell! Crispy on the outside and moist and chewy in the middle. Probably would be great with a hot latte or tea. One of them was a little on the sweet side, but I still tore that thing apart. 2. The customer service was excellent. The lady that helped me was very attentive and willing to describe the differences between the desserts I was interested in.  3. The counter set up is easier than La Patisserie. LP seriously had a crevice that I was expected to exchange the receipt and sign it at. 4. They had some unique creations. I tried the hazelnut mouse, which was moist, fluffy and had a wonderful crunch to it. Not too rich! Next time, I want to try the Earl Grey Chocolate mouse cake. So if you see me here, you will also be able to find me at the 24 hour fitness down the street later on that evening.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2007,12/26/2007,90,588,7,4,4>This is a review by a vegetarianThis place, and its  antecedents in the south bay, are the reason why if I ever have twins, I'm naming one of them "Tofu Kee Mao".  The dish is basil, chiles, and garlic with a garnish of fried tofu. It's a little salty but you can even it out with a mild coconut based curry.Servers are a little brusque but they're efficient and I'm not hanging round to make friends.PSthe other twin would be called "Tierra del Fuego". I don't want them to have problems with their individuality.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,3/21/2011,290,302,14,16,15>These guys were the dogs bollocks! They Rocked! We found Go Pro Moving on Yelp. They were the only company who got back to us super quick and provided us with a professional and detailed quote. On the day of the move, Joe and his team Ray and Reggie arrived bang on time and started loading up almost immediately. Pretty soon it was clear we had too much stuff but they somehow managed to make it nearly all fit in their clean truck (important to note) and we were ready to leave the old house right on time.They were a bit disheartened to see our new house had THREE floors (hahaha) but they made good progress in getting all our stuff in safely without marking it. Highlight of the day was a tough choice between Reggie showing us his box-cutting skills (very adept) or Ray trying to sell us our own furniture and his house cleaning services (what a joker).We felt really comfortable with Go Pro Moving and would definitely recommend them to all our friends and yelp buddies.Thanks again Joe, Reggie and Ray. You guys worked really hard for us!:)
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,3/20/2011,879,323,19,24,21>Best bang for your buck if you want good Korean BBQ.  Want bibimbap?  Want soon doo boo?  Want sullang tang?  Then go somewhere else.  But if you are craving BBQ, there is no where else that satisfies my craving like Palace BBQ Buffet.  During dinner time, they have the kalbi long ribs, not just the 3-bone short ribs kind of kalbi... and this is MY FAVORITE!  Add that along with all-you-can-eat jap chae, and I'm in heaven.  Even if you don't stuff yourself silly, the $25 here is likely more worth it for the quality of meat here than the $18 for a tiny plate of subpar kalbi elsewhere.  Highly recommended for BBQ in the South Bay.  I'm done trying to find other non-buffet places for my BBQ fix!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,3/19/2011,854,542,21,21,21>So I'm a few months behind the curve reviewing this place, though I've been there more than a few times in the last few months. Maybe it gives me some perspective; past the initial novelty, survived the hipster incursion, nearing the start of their sophomore venture.Had I written this review half a year ago? 5 stars.I would have regaled them for their artistry and departure from the trite "ultra-lounge" landscape of downtown San Jose. I would have quipped something corny about how going underground elevated them above the rest. In retrospect, it would have been a sh*t review, enthusiasm aside.Three months ago? 3 stars.It would have been a bitter write-up; lambasting San Jose's "hipster" faction more than being objective regarding the establishment. In truth, singlebarrel would still have been the same novel place doling out excellent drinks, but the peaking trendiness would irk me. I might have actually written "jumped the shark", a phrase that itself has jumped the shark.But now? 4 stars, solid.The mixology has gotten even better. The staff, from the doorman to every bartender, remain humble and friendly, regardless of how sought-after their establishment has become. The patrons? Yeah, singlebarrel is still plagued with some self-important civility-impaired hype-beasts, but in the veil of the speakeasy's dark, they're no more noticeable than the flickering candles on every table.We'll be back, over and over.#bang____________________________________Getting lush in style: Full Boar Scotch Ale accompanied by a nosing glass of Black Maple Whiskey. Sexy. The drinks, not me. Shuttup.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,3/17/2011,207,317,6,10,10>Claudia was absolutely amazing, and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a wedding photographer. I have a feeling this will be a long review, so the short version is this:Hire Claudia Akers Photography. Warm, friendly, professional. Beautiful photos.The long version:From the first moment I contacted her about a year before our May 2010 wedding, she was incredibly warm, friendly, and professional. She took the time to listen to what we wanted from our photos and also explained her philosophy. She is someone who truly loves her job, and it definitely shows through her photos and personality.She was flexible and willing to do whatever possible to assure that we were satisfied with our pictures and experience. And she's serious about her work: before hiring her, we learned that she prepares for every sort of emergency by bringing multiple cameras, drives, and back-up systems. She's also in a group of photographers who cover for each other in case of other emergencies. (Luckily, all was well on our day.)Some examples of how Claudia went above and beyond for us:1. She was willing to negotiate a price and package that closely matched our budget. Don't hesitate to ask for what you want.2. We scheduled our engagement photo shoot with her, and she was willing to travel to pretty much anywhere we wanted in the area. When I discovered that I was coming down with a cold right before the shoot, she had no problem rescheduling for a future weekend. When the day came, we traipsed around the South Bay, and she had just as much enthusiasm at the end of the day as she did at the beginning.3. Not only was she on time for our wedding, she got there early with her great second-shooter Auey Santos. I also believe she stayed later than was in our contract.4. And when my hair stylist contributed to my being 1 hr. late for the start of professional photos, Claudia jumped right in and modified the schedule to accommodate this problem. She never seemed frazzled at all, which certainly helped us feel calm on a pretty hectic day. She was also a fantastic go-between for me and my now husband as we got ready in different rooms that morning.5. She delivered our photos as promised. I believe it took a little longer than usual for us to receive our photos, due to a hardware malfunction with her computer after our wedding. (Remember all those back-ups? We're so glad the photos on her computer weren't the only copy she had!) She takes her time to edit each photo: edits out fire extinguishers, fixes blemishes, adjusts lighting, etc. "Editing" to her is not just narrowing down 3000 photos to a small number, which is why it takes a little longer. We received 850+ quality photos from our wedding day.Here's one of the photos (edited for size): yelp.com/biz_photos/-TbFI could keep going, but really, she was everything we could have asked for and more. Feel free to send me a message if you'd like to ask me anything about my experience.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,3/16/2011,312,467,11,21,13>SCRUBS! SCRUBS GALORE! I found this place on my mobile Yelp app after finding out that the scrubs store I used to see at Great Mall is no longer there. What a God-send! They carry all sorts of colors and styles. They've got Hello Kitty, Baby Phat, Paul Frank, Disney, Care Bears and even had a Blues Clues scrub I thought was really cute. They've got the best prices here:Clogs $28 with a free pair of socksSolid Color Scrubs $11-$15 a piece (a set $22-$30)Printed $11-$28The name brand scrubs are on the higher end of the spectrum, but best bang for your buck.Not to mention the owner is the friendliest man on Earth! Very helpful and quite informative. Once you become a customer, you'll be one for life. This is definitely the go-to place for scrubs and medical uniforms.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,3/15/2011,866,266,11,18,13>Had a very enjoyable first visit to Kunjip today! The restaurant is located in a Korean strip mall - a bit rundown, but don't let that deter your quest for good food. Inside the restaurant, it's a bit of a dining hall type atmosphere, packed with Korean locals. We were greeted and seated promptly. I tried the Bibim Neng Myun - noodles with beef, egg, pear slices. It came with some heavy duty scissors to cut the noodles with. Great flavor. I loved it. Another nice thing is that this dish comes with unlimited noodle refills. As it was, I had to take about 1/2 of it home, but if I hadn't eaten anything in a week, it would have been heavenly to get refill after refill of these noodles.My better half had the beef short ribs with clear noodle soup. She gave it a perfect 5 stars. Very tender. The kimchi here is also very good.Service was attentive, and friendly. Towards the end of the meal, I took my daughter for a walk so my wife could enjoy her noodle soup in peace. The waitress told my wife that she has a nice husband. :o) The place is definitely kid-friendly. There is a TV that distracted my daughter for quite awhile. But I noticed many other kids here as well.There's only a handful of items on the menu, but what they serve, they serve really well. Definitely recommended!
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2010,3/14/2011,878,405,24,33,26>*stands up*Hello my name is Bobby, and I am NOT a crawfishaholic.Here, I'm more of a sweet-potato-fries-aholic, a garlic-noodle-aholic, and a deepfried-catfish-aholic. In general, I'm a shrimpaholic.  I'm more addicted to shrimp than crawfish for a few reasons: simple peeling, meat content, and soaked in flavors.  Here, the Cajun Shrimp was meaty, but some were difficult to peel (overcooked), some were a little dirty, and the flavor was more on the buttery side than the garlic side.  When it comes to the Cajun boiled sauce in both shrimp and crawfish, I've had better (nearby).We opted to get the Sea combo for variety.  This combo was an ideal choice for us since we weren't big fans of only crawfish.  It came with clams, crab, oysters, mussels, half pound of shrimp, half pound of crawfish, sausages, and corn in their mild Cajun boiled (garlic butter) sauce.  We also ordered another pound of the aforementioned Cajun boiled shrimp. The garlic noodles were better than what I expected, especially at $3.  The garlic flavor was perfectly distributed throughout the noodles.  Sweet potato fries had a nice crunch to them, and were favored over the steak fries we got in the Captain's combo platter.  This platter also included deep-fried shrimp and oysters, which were just average.  But the deep-fried catfish was the winner here with light breading and perfect seasoning.  Their only dessert item (free for birthdays) was better than average.  Banana, mango (which I thought was jackfruit) with vanilla ice cream was refreshing after a spicy meal.  Other pluses include friendly staff, free water, quick service, and no wait or long lines.  Then again, long wait or slow service was not an issue since we arrived for late lunch on a Saturday.  I was surprised with their extensive menu which includes Linguini dishes, Kalbi, Fried rice, and Escargot.  Next time I phene for Cajun Fusion, I wouldn't mind coming back to give them another try.  Besides, we can redeem our receipt to get 10% off our next visit.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,3/13/2011,225,592,5,8,7>I wanted someone to look at a leaky toilet and possible floor/ceiling damage at a rental property, and my usual handyman was not available. The nice thing about these guys was that I was able to get a response right away and also a time estimate of when they could show up. Although I called them on a particularly busy day, they were still willing to come out and check the damage no matter how late it was and they kept me updated on the time because the previous jobs were taking longer than expected. I probably called about 4 other plumbers/handy-people to no avail or extremely delayed responses, so these guys were it.Talked to both Dan and Michael, and they were both extremely friendly and accommodating. Dan gave me an estimate of the damage, and also was very willing to work with our usual handyman in order to make the job cheaper. Though we haven't decided what to do yet, these guys get 4 stars for service, response, and friendliness.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,3/12/2011,139,191,6,12,8>Bon Chon Sunnyvale gets my stamp of approval for meeting my NYC Bon Chon palette.  **Sunnyvale has a slightly more stickier, thicker sauce compared to NYC's.    7:15pm - Arrived at BC with my group of 5 hungry friends.7:30pm - Seated and ordered immediately.8:10pm - TWO large mixed order of Soy and Spicy (wings and drumsticks) finally arrived at the table, piping hot!8:10pm-8:30pm - NOM, NOM, NOM!!  Crispy skin.  Huge drumsticks.  Spicy could have been more spicy but still a nice kick.  Moist.  Delicious chicken wings.tip:  Don't order the other items on the menu.  They're really not worth it. Just stick to the chicken.  Forget about the sides, too.  All you need are the accompanied white radish.  *I only wished they were bigger chunks and not small tiny cubes.   Also, even though I like the Spicy better than the Soy, I find that you should still mix it up to add variety for your palette.  Now, go!
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,3/11/2011,360,550,6,11,10>Yippee, a new sushi place in my neighborhood!  Don't let the "Sushi Buffett" sign fool you.  If you walk in, there is no buffett, however, you can pay $25.00 and order from the special buffett menu.  There is a limit of eating everything you order within a two hour period.  We decided to pass the buffett deal and order from the menu.  I had a really delicious bowl of noodles with beef, broccoli & carrots.  I just looked at the photo & said, "I'll have that".  To my surprise it was much better looking than the photo and bigger too.  It was too much to eat it all so I took the rest home & had it for breakfast the next day.  I can't remember the name of the dish darnit!  BF had a Bento Box.  It had Tonkatsu that was wonderful & the rest of the box was quite good (tempura, salad & sushi).  We went on Thursday and they had just opened the day before so it was obvious that the staff was getting used to everything like filling our water glasses & getting our order out in a reasonable amount of time.  We did wait a while to be served but it was worth it.  The place seems to be taking off quite well - not packed but a good steady stream of patrons.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2007,1/30/2007,201,444,2,7,5>The best strawberry eclaire I've ever had... it didn't even get soggy from sitting in the fridge for about four hours before I ate it! That's amazing!The princess cake... light, fluffy sweetness. The blackberry tart? Divine! Plump, juicy blackberries on yummy custard in a tart crust that was like a cookie. All in all, an excellent experience! I've made it my mission to try one of everything in this divine bakery... check back for updates!
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2007,1/29/2007,87,177,7,6,9>I had a late lunch here, which currently still seems to also function as an early dinner. We were done at 4:30pm. I'm sitting here, at 9:45pm, writing this review, still feeling full.On with the review. Point 1: The Food. I'm looking on the list of burgers. Suzuki, Honda, Harley, Kawasaki, you get the idea. This is a biker joint. One of them lists as ingredients: bacon, sausage, onion, cheese. "Excuse me, is this sausage ON a burger?" "Yes, it is," she says with a big smile. She knows what's coming. "Holy vegetarian! I've gotta know what that's like!!!" Let me tell you, it's pretty damn good. Meat stuffed with meat and wrapped in bacon. Did I mention this is a biker joint?Oh, yeah, the garlic fries were good too. Who cares? I had sausage in my burger.Point 2: The Beer. Brewed just down the road. Sweet. I was drinking something that is not even closely related to Bud, so I'm a happy camper.Point 3: The Atmosphere. This place is in the middle of a forest. There's two roads intersecting that are both fun to drive along. There's  a lot of city dwellers pretending to be tough, clad in leather, with big bikes outside. There was a seriously impressive 60's Jaguar parked outside. I'd say we give them full points on atmosphere.So, if all is good, why not 5 stars? Well, the burger was good, but not Cafe Rouge good. I have to stay fair.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2007,1/28/2007,263,388,4,5,5>I really like this particular Target branch (especially now with the Starbucks INSIDE the store!  I'm such a sellout, BUT any place where I can have a peppermint mocha while I shop is gonna get atleast 4 stars).  The store has a very clean, open layout and they had a way better selection than the Daly City and Colma stores, in terms of DVDs.  They were also the only branch that had my recently purchased Atari Flashback 2 console!  (only $19.99 during the Thanksgiving weekend!!!).They always seem very well-stocked and organized.  Also, for some reason, the cashiers here always seem to be in a good mood... maybe it's the Starbucks.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/12/2006,1/27/2007,333,230,4,11,9>**3.5 stars**Half Moon Bay is strange, yet also very romantic. I had a friend that lived out this way, so once in a while I would hang in this area or Pacifica at some dive or house party drinking  with the locals. 'Cause let's just go ahead and admit it-there isn't much else to do here. This accounts for the high percentage of DUIs among those in the 21-35 age bracket.Anyways, I planned this "Nautical Date Day" with a very nice & sexy boy. Even though I don't really live that far from Ocean Beach, I just wanted to get out of The City and go for a drive. "Nautical Date Day" was a success.  Watching surfer boys in Pacifica.The winding drive through Devils Slide. Checking out the Gordon fisherman look-alikes around Pillar Point. Walking around the marina and boat docks to get a closer look a few  cozy looking boats.  So dinner time rolls around and we pick Sam's. I checked their website before and  it looked like a go: Sam's makes every effort to serve sustainable seafood, and they're located right on the waterfront.They describe themselves as an authentic New England style chowder house. The restaurant itself is very lovely. Ceiling to floor windows with an unobstructed waterfront view. A small fireplace in the center of the main dinning floor. Nice bar. Pseudo high end yet classy. The perfect pre-prom dinner. There is a nice wraparound deck which I would recommend only for lunch or to watch the sunset, come nightfall HMB is VERY windy. The first thing I notice is how young everyone is. So you would get the  free appetizer hookup here on your pre-prom date since all your homies work there. Besides the bar staff all the servers, busboys and girls, hostess all look like high school juniors. Not matter really, cause they all turn out to be very friendly and competent. Water at the table upon being seated: Thank You. Bread & butter: On It. A few of the dishes we ordered: Fried Seafood Combination Platter with oysters, calamari, shrimp, and scallops. PEI Mussels sauteed with parsley, garlic, white wine and side of fries, a salad of mixed greens, and two Hogarderns which is similar to Hefeweizen but lighter and just a bit sweeter. No complaints about the food very delish. Not that different from a day trip to Pier 39 but without all the annoying touristas  and a much sexier ambiance. The mussels were good , Plouf does them better. But I am a sucker for oysters. Fried, tempura style, or on the half-shell: PUT IT IN MY MOUTH! Sam's oysters were yummy. The lightest of battering, quick fried and plump juicy insides with a wonderful consistency slithering down my tongue.  A mischievous smile parts my lips, a few oysters and I'm good to go. No, not on a moonlit beach stroll  a few blocks from the restaurant. Good to go. .home. In the car winding drive back to sf, get me in the bed and que the Portishead cd. Thank You Sam's Chowder House for a very enjoyable evening. . .
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2007,1/26/2007,2065,133,5,12,12>Wow...Can't believe no one has put up a review for these guys!  I have used them 3 times in the past year and have been very happy every time.  Excellent flowers with excellent service.  The most important thing is that they do what the say they are going to do.  Just got off the phone with them because I needed to have a dozen pink roses delivered by lunch!  They can do it.....
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2006,1/25/2007,230,217,7,18,5>My car's name is Buster and he's a 7series born in the 90s.He's been mine forever (our family car since high school) and has been to over a dozen service stations since I adopted him.  He likes Palo Alto Beemer or is it Bemmer or Bimmer...?!  I don't know spellings, but I do know they do great work.Fixing BMWs is competitive out here in CA.  Buster's first port in America was Naperville IL (near Chicago).  Thanks Bill Jacobs.  Dealerships are good for warranty work but when its my nickel, I say go to "Mike" the service writer.I've never objected to their opinion about what is defective and I have never been overcharged.  I get the feeling that they value their customers long term.  Other shops I've been to, (Buster's old caretakers) pretty much had a "minimum" that I'd get charged."when the engine light goes off, it pretty much means about a grand," said Larry Chiang.  Well at P.A. Beemer, it might be a whole lot less.** Update  **thx yelpers and Google.I now have to wait a week on the waitlist.Its time to raise the hourly labor rate fellas!jk, just raise prices for eveyone else**************
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2006,1/24/2007,57,95,7,8,7>We had a great time.  I randomly checked the website one weekend and discovered that it was "Family Art Weekend".  I've been a parent for a long time.  I'm OUT of ideas.  Discovering something like this is like splitting atoms, it's that remarkable.  As part of the main exhibit, one of the artists was there giving a tour of the pieces and explaining in detail the process for their creation.  The pieces themselves were more collage-like, if that is a word, so the explanations were actually quite entrancing.  All of this was leading up to the "family activity" which consisted of picking out one of the AMAZING wooden cigar boxes that someone had donated to the museum exhibit and then decorating them with all the hoo-hahs and do dads and goodies that were laid out on a table for us.  I was obsessed with the pieces of old vinyl maps that had been outlived their usefulness in classrooms and had been cut to hand size.  Also, the idea that we were allowed to cut photos out of National Geographic.....let me just say....I lived my entire childhood wanting to do this and my mother would have KICKED MY ASS.There were several people there helping with the projects, including the wielding of hot glue guns.  We had the best time EVER.  There were five of us, ranging in age from 36 to 4 and we all had fun.  Now, THAT is an accomplishment.  Our lovely cigar box creations are in a big collection in our dining room now....fun stuff.We spent some time in the other exhibits, but not much.  The museum itself is pretty small, so we DID see pretty much everything in that short time.BIG FUN CLOSE TO HOME.  FIVE STARS.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2007,1/22/2007,299,1733,13,30,7>Discount NM?  @ 30% to 65% off original prices direct from NM stores.Sign me up!Grand opening Friday, January 12, 2007.Save an additional 5% when you use your NM card.Update on hours: 10am-9pm, no special hrs.  Boo!  Park @ Entrance TWO.  I'm spilling all my secrets, I'm sure I'll regret this one.--------------------------------------------------­-----------------------1/12/06Arrived at 10:05, just five minutes after opening and the parking lot was 80% full, but I wasn't worried.  I was even MORE pleased to see that NM employed TWO hot male models dressed in NM duds to open the doors for me.  The men's section and houseware section was totally deserted.  I thought, no problem, until I stepped into the women's section.  Wasn't TOO bad the first 30 mins, but soon there were women desperately grabbing anything on the racks.  I didn't even bother with the fitting rooms.  Their return policy is 30 days with your receipt in sale condition.  Service is fantastic.  In the earlier part of the morning it seemed the staff outnumbered the customers.  They were milling around in pairs and were really just taking up space in my opinion.  I found out from the cashier the store had a 'soft' opening yesterday.  Darn!  I missed out.  He claimed it wasn't public, but I'm sure the NM regulars got the memo.Some brands I spotted: Sue Wong, D&G, Chanel, Theory, DVF, Blumarine, Juicy, Paul Smith, Donna Karen.  Men's denim was awesome:Rock and Republic $135Hugo Boss $105Women's denim:Miss Sixty $100True Religion $155Much of the sizes were already gone, but I found my 2s, 26s, 27s, but the 6 1/2 shoes were GONE!!!  Boot selection was SPARSE.Lots of gals were digging through the handbags: Marc Jacobs, Gucci, Michael Kors, all marked down around 30%.My best bargains of the day?!?SUNGLASSES!!!Three designer shades for $200 INCLUDING tax!!!Whoopeeeee!No Chanel, but I scored 2 pairs of Guccis, & an Oliver Peoples.  Miu Miu, YSL, and Prada are some of the other brands.ALL sunglasses are between $59-75If you need luggage check out the marked down Tumi.  They handed out a flier when you make a purchase, fill it out, come back with it in MARCH, and get 30% off an item of your choice!Selection is MUCH better than OFF 5th.  Oh yeah, they definitely don't let you overlook the fact you're shopping at an outlet, because they bag your items in a hideously HUGE plastic bag with a big red square advertising:LAST CALL CLEARANCE CENTERHow awful is that!?!
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2007,1/21/2007,694,567,3,10,9>Purisima Creek Redwoods open Space Preserve is located on the western slopes of the Santa Cruz Mountains overlooking Half Moon Bay.  The centerpiece of this 3,307 acre preserves is Purisima Creek Canyon, with its towering redwoods, rushing creek, and understory of ferns, berries, mushrooms, and wildflowers. Coastal scrub and hardwood forest of tanoak, madrone, and Douglas fir border the cool, moist canyon. Magnificent views of the coast and Half Moon Bay are visible from the (Harkins Trail) northern part of the preserve. Twenty two miles of developed trails, historical logging roads provide opportunities for easy walks or long strenuous hikes or rides.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2007,1/20/2007,100,151,25,7,8>I crushed my privates today during my first ever spinning class. I'm talking about searing, burning pain all up in my business. Any chance I had of having babies has vanished into the sweaty gym air. My friend, Troadio, is a hardcore (annoying) cycling guy and told me that you're not actually supposed to sit on the seat. Huh? Don't sit on the seat? What the hell? When my fun parts are on fire, I'm not quite in the mood for a riddle wrapped up in an enigma. Piss off. I don't get it. I don't care.Anyway... he advised me to hit Performance Bike since I insisted on getting a gel-filled seat cover to somewhat protect my searing loins next time. He was right in that the store is huge and the selection is amazing. I was bummed that the service sucked so bad. How long to I need to stand here and stinkeye the back of your head before you get over here and ring me up dude? Yeesh. Cough cough. Key jingle. Nothing. Prior to that I proactively sought out help for the seats and I ended up with bupkus. So, for those reasons, I would say absolutely go if you already know what you want/need. If your ass is aflame, go elsewhere and please keep the firecrotch jokes to yourself.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,3/31/2010,139,188,15,30,24>I been looking for a Japanese salon and thank goodness I found this one! I was trying to get that perfect cut I got in Japan while on vacation. So I called and made an appointment before any reviews were even up. Hah, I'm usually not that bold! **I guess the other reviews were deleted, I'm the first, YAY!**Any who, I got a haircut from Kengo. He's very friendly and sociable, no awkward silences. I asked Kengo to change my bangs from side swept to choppy straight bangs and to try to keep the length since I been trying to grow it out. My total time in the salon was probably an hour and forty five minutes. The hair washing alone was probably ten minutes, my hair was washed throughly and I got great scalp massage too! Then you get your hair cut, dried, dry cut, and styled. Kengo even gave me tips on how to curl my newly long layered hair :) The price is a bit on the expensive side but the service is great and definitely worth it. The salon is small, very chic, modern and clean. The service is wonderful. I partially loved the attention and details, the shampoo chair is automatically reclined, how neat! BTW, the place is open late (Kengo said 9 PM), closed on Mondays and cash only. PS, new hair photo is on my profile :)
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2009,3/30/2010,393,333,18,20,19>Dark chocolate with mint chip ice cream...yummmmDark chocolate with raspberry sorbet...deliciousssssSnickerdoodle with strawberry ice cream...amazingggggWhat a great idea. The only kick to the mouth that makes me want more...I don't know why it took so long for someone to come up with this. Its-Its are awesome, but this is the real deal because its just so fresh and delicious. Its like if you go your whole life eating Top Ramen then one day a friend takes you to a Ramen House...you rediscover a food you've only eaten one way your whole life, not realizing a fresh version existed...I had KICKS at the yelp elite event, and got to try an assortment of flavors--my friends and I made sure to get distinctive sandwiches. Eye opening for sure!If Mrs.Fields and Mr.Coldstone had a baby, it would be KICKS. Dessert at its finest. Love it.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,3/29/2010,3171,1316,29,33,35>The Saints made it to the Super Bowl. OMG.So I HAD to get my Saints tattoo.Humble Beginnings came HIGHLY RECOMMENDED (by family and friends), so I made an appointment with Jeff.Jeff gave me sound advice on my tattoo, discussing colors, shading, sizing, etc. He didn't want it to look "cheap" and made sure I was happy with his design before embarking with the needle.The staff was friendly and funny. It made me feel at home. One of the staff members went on a beer run for me and I greatly appreciated that.After 15 minutes under the needle, my tattoo came out AWESOME.Jeff is AMAZING and I highly recommend him.NO PAIN, NO GAIN.WHO DAT.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,3/28/2010,413,204,15,18,13>1 star for no long waits1 star for bomb ass boiled shrimp1 star for cajun fries yum1 star for chicken strips!!!1 star for good music and pretty fishtanks1 star for clean restrooms1 star for free refills on soda AND WATER free of charge=P1 star for genuinely nice and WONDERFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE!too bad i can only rate out of 5 stars! = ]
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,3/27/2010,351,376,12,10,10>I had a really good experience at this Japanese restaurant.  We took our friend Stephen D. out for his 22nd bday because we knew he loved the donburis.  Our waiter,  Takeshita, was very attentive.  When some of us asked for just water or just tea, he gave all of us water AND tea!  We never had to flag him down..it was like he knew what we were thinking..the food was reasonably priced.  I ordered the katsu don for 9.50 which included salad and soup.  The salad dressing was SOOO good; it had little particles inside that gave it some extra flavor.  The donburi was also pretty big and i was only able to finish 1/3 of it!i would def. come back here again!another tip, look at their appetizer menu..you can make it a meal by just adding $4 (lunch) or $5 (dinner).
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,3/26/2010,339,173,19,24,23>Two weeks ago I had dinner with Chang at Michi Sushi in Campbell. Going in, I knew the prices would be at a premium after reading the reviews. But even considering sushi prices, I can see why yelpers constantly wrote "pricey" on their reviews after I peeked at the Michi Sushi menu and the bill at the end of the night, zoinks! :) But with the higher prices, comes quite delicious and scrumptious flavors. That night, Chang and I ordered:-Uni (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Toro (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Mike Is So Sexy (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Ashleys "That's How I Roll" (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)(free from the owner) -Uni Shooter! (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)I must say, everything we ordered was quite mouthwatering and very gratifying! I can easily say I'd rate everything four stars and higher.Toro - Fatty bluefin tuna, one of my favorites! The toro was extremely fresh, and just melts in your mouth like butter. Nom nom nom, please give me some more delish toro! :)Uni - Sea Urchin, which happens to be Chang's favorite. This is my first time experiencing uni, and I'm having the hardest time describing it. It offers a very creamy and light texture, and the taste is very subtle like smooth custard. The very light taste lingers on your taste buds and now I think I'm a fan.Mike Is So Sexy Roll - A deep fry roll that consists of spicy tuna, unagi, cream cheese, scallions, wrapped in soy paper with tobiko, Michi special sauces and macadamia nuts. I honestly can't argue with the name! ;) Aside from the great name, this roll was just delicious. Considering Chang and I are both highly addicted to deep fried and cream cheese, this roll was a winner!Ashley's "That's How I Roll" - The inside consists of ebi tempura, unagi, king crab, cream cheese and avocado. The top layer has grilled salmon and wasabi sauce, topped with tobiko, macadamia nuts, and unagi sauce. This was one of the hugest and largest rolls I've ever seen. With the multiple layers of delicious ingredients, everything blended so well together.Summary (3.75 Stars): An overwhelming menu with what seems like a million sushi rolls to choose from. The size/portions of the rolls are gigantic. The fish is as fresh as it gets. The prices also burn a big hole in your pocket. Considering what you can get at other sushi restaurants at a much lower price, I have to deduct a star.  The food is great, don't get me wrong just a bit overpriced. If I didn't feel the prices were so tremendous, I would have given you a five star review. :)
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2009,3/25/2010,967,1207,20,24,24>Sushi!need you ask...Went here with MIA Jaye a while back and remember her fondly. Where ever you are now, you are missed. However in retrospect I miss the sushi here more than I do her right now. Mind you that the location is at the end of a strip mall and can be a tad hard to find if you haven't been there.. and in some cases haven't been there in a while. But once you get passed it's suburban exterior dreariness you will be happy to find a some what chic-club vibe to it's dark interior. All it's missing is a pole to dance on. As for the food, the lovely Patricia helped us out and gave us the entire spiel on everything fresh that day. And to top it off we got a rather unique insight on Pilipino eating habits since she lives with Pilipinos.. and we had a very interesting conversation about it. Back to the food.. they had this great tasting otoro.. yeah, you know that fatty tuna.. I remember Patricia who was waiting on us had called it foie gras of the sea. lmao Then there were these special lil oysters that were bite size deliciousness... they were the special of the day and I believe they were called kyushu oysters... dunno. And of course I had to get the hamachi kama.. I actually get it everywhere I go and I like it here a lot. Of course eating all of that can be a tad overboard, but then again, bday's are meant to be celebrated so there you go. I never really needed a reason to enjoy some great food anyways. ;P
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2010,3/24/2010,994,993,34,23,23>"Wrap This!" is a little Middle Eastern restaurant that offers up decent food at decent prices. The decor, the food, and the service is cool and all, but it is certainly not mind blowing.It's a solid lunch option on the Alameda. When it comes to evening dining, it's a cheap meal. They will also deliver food next door to the hookah lounge called "Smoke This!" - if you just happen to get hungry while you smoke flavored tobacco, watch random movies, and people watch. It's a pretty nice set up, but it is certainly not mind blowing.There are two empty spaces next to these two establishments. Someone should move in soon. Maybe the owner of "Wrap This!" and "Smoke This!" could open up a lollipop store and call it "Suck This!" Now that could possibly be mindblowing.To take my fantasy further, if the owner opened up a bar next to "Wrap This!' and "Smoke This!" and "Suck This!" and called it "Swallow This!" - I think my head would explode. Wow. Now that is definitely mindblowing.Those two spots are still open and available on a tiny strip that is within walking distance of Santa Clara University. My "Wrap, Smoke, Suck, and Swallow This!" fantasy could happen, right?Right?
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,3/23/2010,736,972,20,22,19>**************Support the Mom and Pop Joints***********Sweet Retreat, the mural and the name say it all. I bow down to you.  You who make all that is bleh, pop. You who make my taste buds jump for joy. Sweet Retreat, I salute you and find my happy place among the hills of ice cream land. People, it's all about the Chocolate Fantasy + Tin Roof+ anything for that matter.  And you want to be let in on a little secret...? So although they offer  standard fro yo like any other shop, their signature is to blend the fro yo with fruit rather than just put it on top. Sounds neat right? Rather than have original with strawberry, you can have strawberry yogurt yelp.com/biz_photos/vDIg. I love it. So good and nice to have fruit all throughout. And want to know something else. If you are trying to be healthy, but really wanting ice cream, you can have them blend the fro yo with any ice cream flavor you like.  I tasted 1/2 fro and 1/2 pralines and cream. Yeah, creamy goodness through every bite. So delish! This  joint has super friendly staff, and they don't frown if you try flavors. Great atmosphere and a great shop. The mural is truly sweet.*****Support the mom and pop shops and have fun while doing it! ********
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,3/22/2010,1117,183,7,12,9>I love this place.  Seriously, I could eat their donuts everyday..I love their apricot fritters.  I sent my family there today to get me one, but they were out, they brought home these donut holes, christmas style filled with a lemon custard.  I just ate eight of them, they are friggin' addicting.  They take a cool perspective to a classic treat, I enjoy them and I tell those freaks from Washington who came down to protest this place 'cuz of the name to GFY (I am sure you can figure out the acronym)5 stars! Wooohoooooo!
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2006,12/30/2006,690,683,1,11,9>My four-year-old and I enjoyed our first father/son camping trip at Big Basin a couple of weeks ago... and it was awesome.  Despite having lived in the Bay Area my entire life, I am constantly amazed by the vast stretches of nature that are just outside our door.  The thousands of acres of old growth redwoods here at Big Basin are mind-blowing, and again it's hard to imagine that you are only 15-20 miles from downtown San Jose.  I usually think about having to drive hours up to Yosemite or Sequoia National Forest for trees that are 10+ feet in diameter and hundreds of feet tall -- but you've got zillions of them right here in easy day trip range.As for campsites, I found that Big Basin was setup almost perfectly for my preferred sort of car camping... which is to say fairly natural and quiet campsites, but preferably with flush toilets and running water.  In my experience most campgrounds are either too commercial (e.g., think RVs, kiosks and sometimes even swimming pools) or pretty darn rustic (i.e, unlit outhouse).  We stayed in the Blooms Creek campground and, because we planned last minute and lucked into a cancellation, we ended up with one of the smaller campsites next to a bathroom.  Nonetheless, I was happy with our nicely shaded dirt lot on the edge of a creek with a fire ring and picnic table.  Those planning in advance were able to score much larger and more private campsites, including a few that were set back a few hundred feet from the driveway.So if you're looking for an easy back-to-nature getaway, I highly recommend Big Basin.  Just the experience of waking up in the mist and breathing deeply of the oxygen-rich redwood air will add years to your life.  And if you've got a little guy to bring along for his first s'mores, well all the better.  :-)
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2006,12/29/2006,396,256,6,6,2>One of the few places you could go to get great quality burrito, and not some monsterous flour tortilla log filled with typical bland filler..There's something abou thte flavor of these burritos that make this place so significant.  Their superb burrito is sure to satisfy ( I prefer the Carne Asada) and they prepare these burritos to perfection!  Only drawback to this place is that, like the taco trucks in da hood, it's a walk/drive thru place.  There is a short brick wall to sit on if you wanna eat it there, and they still have that one cheap plastic table that seats 4.  I just got home from eating there and man, I missed this place so much I even ordered a SECOND carne asada super burrito and damn near killed THAT on the way home!  Geez I'm a Notorious P.I.G.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2006,12/27/2006,88,273,1,2,3>surprised i haven't reviewed this place already. out of all the tea places (literally like 10 in this one plaza), i like their tea the best. it's a great place to hang out over a cup or two of tea! if i want something warm, i like the GREEN MILK TEA which they serve in a pot to keep warm and generous to share w/ another. their flavor of slushy drinks all seem really good too and great as a dessert. i haven't really tried their food except the TARO BALLS - good, SPICY CHICKEN - ok, on the salty side, AND SWEET TOAST - good. compared to others it is a bit more expensive and be prepared to get the non-english speaking waiter.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2006,12/26/2006,173,314,2,2,4>Get your friends together.  Dress up like cowboys and cowgirls.  Rent some form of swanky transportation and stock it with booze.  Head down to Fremont.  Ride the mechanical bull.  Learn to line dance.  Have them pour liquor down your gullet on the barber's chair.  Don't wear gang colors.  Disneyland for a Western Theme night.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2006,12/24/2006,521,497,1,4,5>Whilst playing basketball one nite several years ago, I took an elbow to my jaw which resulted in a broken tooth.  My brother recommended I contact one his friends to help me out, since I was looking for some emergency work.  Dr. Fong just happens to be a few blocks from my place, so it was really convenient to see him.  They were able to take me in 1st thing the next morning.  By noon, I had a temporary crown.  Two weeks later, I had a permanent crown set.  Jump ahead to today...I bit into a crunchy flauta and felt something weird.  By the sound of it, I knew it had something to do with my crown.  Sure enough, a piece of it had sheared off.  I gave Dr. Fong's office a call and they had me stop by to take a look at the damage.  Scheduled me in for the next morning to get me all taken care of.  They're a great bunch there.  I really appreciate them making time for me.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2006,12/23/2006,933,691,15,6,7>We (annemarie.yelp.com) pull up and once again we have the whole place to ourselves!  It was such a sign of our awesomeness that we would have all three stops on the tour to ourselves.  We are just VIP like that!I already knew what I wanted...#5!!!!  If you don't know what that is already then you just don't know!  Chili Cheese Dog, Chili Cheese Burger, and Fries with a soda!  Perfection!  AM was much more reserved and only got the Chili Cheese Dog.  And we didn't get that *All Beef* shit either...all lips and assholes for us, wut wut!When I picked up our order from the counter the dudes working there were totally talking about us and laughing.  I informed AM of this...Anne Marie:  haha, they probably think we are on a date...Luis:  ...and this is the only place I can afford to take you!Anne Marie:  HAHAHAHAHA!Do I really have to describe how wonderful a Schnitz chili cheese dog is?  Escpecially when paired with a chili cheese burger and some fries?
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2006,12/22/2006,796,810,5,10,8>Ok,  all you cat lovers out there, this place is your Nirvanna!. Nothing but  cat stuff.  Cat toys, cat beds, cat play things, cat collars, cat bells, cat stands, cat figures, cat plush animals, cat books, cat cartoons, cat trinkets, cat souvenirs, cat calendars, cat leashes, catnip (assorted flavors), cat stories, cat novels, cat brushes, cat liter, cat clippers, cat perfume, cat music, cat tapes, and cat hairballs (just kidding).  Those are just some of the items they have.  I must have missed many .If you have a cat, or love cats, this store is for you.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2006,12/21/2006,203,272,4,12,11>Simply because Camille Fischer works there, I give this place 5 stars. Dr. Fischer is the best vetrinarian I have ever taken a pet to. About a year and a half ago, I brought in a cat ("Carter") that showed up on my doorstep and started hanging out in my yard. I'd have adopted him but couldn't have any more pets, and didn't want him to be put in a small cage at the SPCA, so I decided to make him a webpage and try to find him an owner while he hung out at my house. Well, as it turned out, he contracted FIP (a horrible, horrible disease I'd never heard of - it's different from FIV / FeLV). Camille ran several tests and printed out a ton of info on the subject and gave Carter such good care. But FIP is like a death sentence. There were meds I was giving him to ease his suffering as he got weaker and weaker but I knew it was very unlikely he'd recover. Sadly, I had to put Carter to sleep. Camille not only came out to my house, but crawled under a small butterfly bush - his favorite spot -  to sit with me and Carter (for like half an hour at least) while she put him to sleep (he seemed very much at ease and in no pain at all).  Camille just went above and beyond the call of duty. She is just a very patient, caring and kind doctor and I can't thank her enough.  She is also is a busy Mom, and therefore only works Friday Mornings and Saturdays (note: it used to be Mondays and Saturdays but her schedule may change so please call to check) but if you call a few weeks in advance you may be able to get an appointment. And if it's some kind of emergency you might be able to see if she has any openings. There was one day when she wasn't there, and I had to take one of my cats in, and I saw a different doctor. He was all right but Camille was the only vet I really wanted to see. Sorry, I'm sure he was fine (the other vets got some good reviews on yelp), but I'm just really fussy about all doctors in general, whether they're for me or my pets. It's rare that I find one I really like but in my opinion, Camille is truly the best. And the staff even sent me a card, saying they were sorry to hear about Carter!And my condolences to Seong P. and Coo L for your bad experiences (update: Seong that was nice of you to give the update). I don't know what was up with that (luckily I had a better experience) but hopefully they will improve on those things you mentioned!! I believe they are under different ownership now. Their practice manager Angelina is super nice.------------ UPDATE: Huge thanks, once again, to Dr. Fischer, for helping my friend Jeanne with her cat recently. Not only did she make a house call, totally out of her way (in Mountain view) but she did this on VALENTINE'S DAY. Neither of us wanted to do it on this particular day (it's my favorite holiday) but my friend's cat was in a bad state and Dr. Fisher came to the rescue. Way, way above and beyond the call of duty. Bless her big heart!!!
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2006,12/20/2006,0,0,2,8,8>The joys of home ownership continue and so does the draining of the bank account. My 45 year old house is holding up well but as things age they start to fail, I'm living proof of this but in this case it was the furnace.After this past summer in the Bay Area and the 110 degree temps I decided it was time to go ahead and add air conditioning to the old place. Getting a new furnace was easy, just pull the old one out and put a new one in but adding air conditioning to a house that never had it made the job longer and more expensive.These guys rocked, really I was apprehensive  since I knew there were going to be workmen crawling under the house, up in the attic and lots of wires and pipes running all over. First of all ABC made it easy on me. The price was right and they arranged for one year same as cash, anytime I can spend other peoples money and not pay interest, I'm all over it.First thing Tuesday morning the truck pulled up and two installers started unloading lots of stuff. As they got started my anxiety level went down. Two of the best craftsmen I've met in a while. This project involved sheet metal work, electrical, mechanical and plumbing. Everything was done to perfection. The first thing they did was cover my hard wood floors to avoid damage. By the time they left everything was back in place and we have a brand new, more efficient and quieter furnace, A/C for next summer and a good feeling about how the work was done.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2006,12/19/2006,24,26,9,3,2>Like an Amish kid with a Playstation, like a de-frocked priest at a booze-soaked spring break naked party, like Jessica Simpson with a book, I could not believe what I had been missing! How had I been to so many Indian restaurants in my life and never discovered the amazing dishes that this place has to offer? The tongue-tingling flavors continually astounded my girlfriend and I as we sat amidst Indian people and sweated from spice and pleasure. Dahi Bateta Sev Poori! That was the main one. I'll be your huckleberry any day you tiger. Sev Tomato! Baigan Bhartha! Chaat Samosa! Gobhi Paratha! Whatever we ordered, we couldn't miss. He actually got one of our orders sort of wrong, but I can't pretend to care when so consumed with desire to return. Get yourself 2 tickets to Chaat Paradise!
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2007,4/7/2007,472,261,1,8,6>After living in San Jose for almost a year, Aaron V. and I finally gave Kabab and Curry's a try and our great search for reliably good Santa Clara County Indian/Pakistani has come to an end. If you order the curry extra spicy, it's hot, flavorful, not too oily and the meat is always tender. The veggie dishes come spicy, are perfectly tender and their naan is thick, large and very well made. There's lots of street parking nearby and the place is always packed around dinner time with local South Asians, which is always a good sign. They have online ordering and they take credit cards. Awesome.
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2007,4/6/2007,148,71,5,6,10>Alice's restaurant is an amazing place located on an amazingly fun to drive road, probably the reason that it attracts so many bikers. Outside on a nice day you're sure to find a tonne of motorcycles, the majority of your Hog variety, but sports bikes, scramblers, and enduro models will not feel too out of place. Some nice big picknic tables outside allow you to gaze over the sea of chrome as you enjoy your burger, and take in the local color of which there is plenty. Burgers feature heavily on the menu, and there is a type of burger for most big brands of motorcycle, I had a BMW which had bacon, cheese, mushrooms, and strangely came with worcestershire sauce, I say strangely because that is a distinctly English condement.  BTW for you Americans that have a problem with that word it's pronounced - Worstersher sauce, easy. I just noticed yelp's new categorization and for Attire I was tempted to put Formal - Jacket Req...leather that is :-)
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2007,4/5/2007,151,204,9,7,10>Ah a Monday dinner with south bay Yelpers. We went colllege cheap.  Sky diving, bungee jumping, hei-skiing, trip to the dentist. Things that seem safer after doing the 911 challenge.Please sir, sign here. Sir? ok.  What's your name dud? Bob, which was short of Bealzebob. What i thought was a health waiver was in actuallity a singing over of my soul in the event i persished. The dozen demons are a little more expensice than you dozen wings. And like death row, they bring you your last meal. No having to pick it up.So sure it will be hot. I've done hot, but WTH is the stuff on these wings It's not sauce and too thick for puree. It is more like tube paint in thickness and consistency. What is it? It can only be the sludge from the bottom of the River Styx  from Dante's Inferno. I fought for of the devils down, but you don't get to this age without knowing how to listen to your body. So with eyes so blood shot that i was reminded of garbage pail toys. I'd like to thank my frend for the cheep beer. No reason to waster a good one. He was kind enough to laugh at me contending he had finished the challenge. Gee didn't i drive you to doctors to see why you were having GI problems. Back on point. You also learn tricks and tips from all prior such foolishness. I did me best bug impression from MiB and drank glass of sugar water. I followed with the old upset stomach remedy. Baking soda and water. Remeber chem class in HS? Acid and alklaine don't mix. Well proven once again and I sent the Styx sludge back down to level 5. So my morning is much more comforting. No having to listen to Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire. Instead i"ll listen to his versions of Hurt and Personal Jesus.Thanks for those that were concerned. We did have medical attention there standing by. So try if you want. Just there is a better thrill hurtling towards the ground at about 120mph.update:24 hours later. since they've been in since Sunday take contacts out put them in today, I still get a nice eye burn from fingers. Geez. I  swear I'm ready to handle tear gas now.Thanks for checking, Mike from UC.  My spirit was willing and body was arguing. The body wins these days. We all had an enoyable time. I challenge anyone else to try. Good luck.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2007,4/4/2007,263,388,2,6,12>I just learned to knit last year and was quickly drawn to it.  Something about the repetitive movements and concentration it requires which puts me in a somewhat meditative and relaxed state (plus, there's something so fulfilling in making something, for someone,  with your hands).Well, lucky for me, this time around, I finally decided to make something for myself.  I really wanted to hit up Imagiknit in the city, but found myself in downtown Half Moon Bay instead.  Found the perfect Wool/Silk/Cashmere blend - I LOVE this yarn and am nearly finished with my project!Great high-quality inventory of yarn here.  Be forewarned - you can easily spend more than you budgeted, so have your project(s) in mind and keep your shopping focused!  Haven't been to Imagiknit yet but from what I've read, Fengari is probably a little closet compared to it.  As small as it may be, it's enough of a selection for me every time.  They also have great finished products displayed throughout the store.They offer classes for beginners and those tailored around specific projects and advanced knitters.  The store is packed so I'm not sure where they host their classes.  Customer service has been wonderful every time I've visited and people always seem to know each other here!
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2007,4/3/2007,2065,133,33,6,10>Our friend HONG loves TONG Dumpling Pot!  HONG always LONGS for TONG Dumpling Pot.  On the LONG ride to TONG, HONG usually breaks out in SONG!  HONG sings her happy SONG about TONG Dumpling house and it goes like this....TONG ALONG a DING DONG....I love dumplings, TONG ALONG a DING DONG...I love TONG dumplings!!  And everyone is HAPPY.Seriously, this place is bump'n!!  If you LOVE dumplings you'll love Tong's!  You can watch them hand make their dumplings as you enjoy your dumpling feast.  And you get SERIOUS bang for the buck here.  12 large dumplings, a side dish and a cup of hot and sour soup for less than six bucks....Cha ching!!!  Go to Tong's, you'll leave fat and happy....Just look at Archie R. for proof!!
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2007,4/2/2007,309,652,11,7,7>Going to Pizza My Heart is great for my ego: for some strange reason, I always get hit on by girls when I'm there... go figure! One time, one of the girls working there told me I look like the singer of Maroon 5 (I hope it was a compliment... I'm not too sure what he looks like actually). Some other time, the place was completely empty, and these two girls pop out of nowhere and decide to sit in my booth at my table right in front of me and to strike a conversation... craziness!As far as the pizza goes, it's really not that bad. I'd even go as far as saying it's pretty good. I especially like their crust, which is pretty crunchy (I hate soggy pizza). It's also reasonably priced, and the place stays open late.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2006,4/1/2007,111,429,17,2,5>"DUDE! Did you see that?""Oh damn, it's superb. What is it?""Looks like a baby Ferrari.""Um Homer there's no such thing.""Then it's got to be a Mantis.""You mean Lotus.""Yeah whatev. Wait for it. The name's on the back of the car Dude. There it is. I think it says TALON or something?""Talon? No way, like Dodge Talon?""Are you sure there's no car called a Mantis?""Not that I know of.""Damn."We had seen a Tesla Roadster roll by top down. I'm a fan of anything that has the title Roadster in it's name. So I did some searching on this thing called Tesla. 0-60 in 4 seconds, HOT Lotus based design, and FUEL EFFICIENT? (insert record scratch). I fell in love as visions of Speed Racer's trusty Mach 5 danced in my head. Purportedly gets the equivalent of 135 mpg. Geeeettouuuut!! A car this hot should have been called The Sexyback! Yes, the Tesla is going to be the talk of the town upon wider manufacturing and release. I like the fact that the creator wanted to dispel the world of the notion that an efficient, environmentally friendly car had to have a sucky design resembling a brick. Cost some serious cake right now, but the price will go down as the next gens come out. "Dude, did you hear that Clooney drives the Mantis?""You mean Tesla.""Whatever, yeah Tesla. Freakin' Clooney drives it.""He also owns like half of Italy."Tesla People: If you should develop a motorcycle please call it the Mantis. Thank You.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2007,3/31/2007,241,239,45,20,26>The servers at this place have totally mastered the art of the up sell.Me: I'd like a margarita please.Server: Sure. With Don Julio, right?M: Uh, I guess...?S: And for your entree?M: The 8 oz sirloin medium rareS: Of course you'll want the grilled mushrooms and onions with that. They're totally delicious!M: Really? Okay.S: As for your 2 sides?M: Hmmm... let's see, Caesar salad and the mashed potatoes.S: You should get your mashed potatoes loaded! It totally adds to the flavor!M: Alright.The final bill --- $12.99 margarita$12.99 sirloin$1.99 mushrooms$1.29 loaded mashed potatoesIt's like you coming upon this review and having me ask if you'd like a side of cool with your reading. Yes? My pin number is 129320. How about a serving of useful too? OK? I have about $6 in my checking account so don't bother stealing my ATM card. And today we have a special on funny. It'll be a great way to end your reading. I'm PMSing so avoid me at all costs. Oh wait, that's probably more useful than funny. Tough shit.Final bill - $17,396,291. Thanks! *smiley face*
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2006,3/29/2007,299,1733,6,18,10>Manresa left me disenchanted for the most part.  I posted the photos to give you a pictorial of my evening.Honestly I really wanted to fall in love with this place, but the food was inconsistent.  My throat closes up sometimes when I'm full or if something is inedible, it happened during my visit at Manresa. Read my other reviews, I'm a pretty adventurous eater.  I'm Asian for godsake!  Some could say that my palate is not refined yet, I say, I'm a commoner, who eats at fancy restaurants, but I'm not totally in tune with all the foodie lingo, I AM in tune with my taste buds, so this is what they told me:3 amuse bouche:Bell pepper infused jelly like gum drops and green olive financiers.  I thought this was clever, most would find these to be sweet items, but the Chef surprised by bringing a savory element.  Savory curd.  Not memorable, but edible.  Fois gras and cheese croquette.Very good.  The outside is light and crispy and the interior just oozes the richness of the cheese and the fois.  At this point I was hoping that they would bring out some comped wine as a chaser.  Nothing.  On to the paid portion of the meal, at $115pp for 13 courses, and $72 wine pairing.  The menu changes daily.  Raw oyster.  Not any different than other raw oysters I have had.Soft egg with maple syrup.  Presentation gorgeous, so delicate, but the egg itself was actually very difficult to swallow, even for my boyfriend, who used to drink raw eggs.  Tomato and corn salad. Displayed nicely in a martini glass.  There was a gelatinous aspect to this course, caviar, a sour taste, a sweetness from the corn at the bottom, which I enjoyed, but too much was going on.  We both agreed this was the worst course of the evening.   Cooked Oyster with Oyster foamOk!  We've had enough oyster.  We get it.  Shrimp atop a green tomato and broth.Bland, boring, but it was a welcome change from all the other heavier courses.  The broth did not compliment this dish.John Dory on the Plancha, zucchini puree, grilled veggies.Fish was simple, no frills, and tasted like something I cooked at home.  I loved the puree and the grilled veggies, flavorful and nice variety.  Abalone Broth with mushrooms.Excellent.  Palate cleansing.  Warm and comforting.  Squab atop a variety of grilled roots.The one piece of meaty squab was cooked perfectly.  The roots were miniaturized: rutabaga, turnip, potato, carrot, and were delightful.  Duck with broccoli and a jus.Delicious and lean.  Again, one measly piece.  The dish was flavors were robust and did not overpower one another.  Desserts:Strawberry infused gum drops and chocolate financiers.  Nice to see a full circle: the sweet version of the amuse bouche.Guava and coconut sorbet on butter cookie cones.Delicious.  I especially enjoyed the coconut, slight flavor and the cones were an elegant touch.PomegranateCubes of sweet unidentified fruit, along with gelatin, and pomegranate seeds.  Unique, but a little too sweet.  Sunflower root nut gelato. Buttery and smooth.  Tasted exactly like the seed in gelato form.  Hot chocolate and churro.Our favorite hands down.  The cocoa was so thick, it was as if we were actually eating a bar of chocolate, decadent!  The churro was a lovely touch and lip smacking good.  There were some hits, but nothing really set our taste buds into overload.  The courses did not seem to flow into one another seamlessly.  Kudos for giving an old yellow house a gorgeous interior!Many of the servers who are delivering the courses seem rehearsed, and one always seemed to be on the verge of cracking up from disbelief that he was uttering such gibberish.  One of my Asian brothers would just talk to my bf when he brought the dish, and not me.  WTF!?!?  The maitre'd was gracious and even walked outside to greet us.  They did not once mention or take a second glance at my bf's jeans.Constructive Criticism for the Chef:French food yes, but mouse sized portions?  Go a little easier on the gelees.  Throw in some lettuce greens.  Rethink the placement of the courses.    Yeah, yeah, two Michelin stars, and on Food and Wine's top 50 restaurants.  I was lured by that, but what doesn't kill me, hurts my wallet, but gives me the power to say that I was underwhelmed by a restaurant who received culinary raves.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2006,3/28/2007,222,660,18,9,6>i love sausage in every possible sense, and anyone who knows me, knows this well.  so well in fact that i'm not shocked to get phone calls such as this:roshni r:  hello?joy f:  rosh!  i'm at this awesome sausage place, so i thought i'd call you!rr: ummm, ok...jf: there's sausage everywhere and i thought of yourr:  what exactly is going on?jf:  there's even this sign with this man with sausage and i want to take a picture of you with him.rr:  ok...jf:  you should totally come down here and we'll go together.rr:  sure, how's next week?i love sausage enough to go eat it when i have strep throat.  dittmer's kielbasa is OFF THE HOOK!  the kielbasa sandwich on dark rye with sauerkraut and grilled onions was the answer to my prayers for fulfillment i have never before experienced.  i want to go back as soon as possible (w/o strep) and eat it without the pain!!!  besides, we were so engrossed in our meal we forgot to take pictures with the sausage man.  (basically this is a delightful little shop very reminiscent of the neighborhood metzgereis we had while i lived in germany...and i am very hungry and want sausage).
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2006,9/22/2006,44,139,5,11,4>How do you review a cemetery?  And what cemetery would be so evil that they'd screw over a grieving family?  Who knows, maybe they all squeeze us for an extra grand or two, but we wouldn't know because we're naturally too emotionally drained to notice. But Chapel o' da Chimes is cool. They  seemed to make it easy for us.  My folks were smart enough (or morbid enough depending on how you see it) to pre-pay their funeral costs years ago so they only spent about half as much as the not so smart (or morbid) folks.  This place is actually very pleasant.  Most tombstones lay flat so from a distance, it actually looks like a park.  In fact, people bring food and BBQ here when they visit their loved ones who've moved to a "better place". The grounds are well kept and green.  Tall ass eucalyptus trees serve as easy landmarks to locate your peeps.  So if you wanna bury your dead the right way, check this place out.  RIP Monserrat F. Espiritu "Our shining light"  We miss you mom.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2006,9/21/2006,376,410,2,7,4>The new Miss Sixty / Energie store is open in Stanford Shopping Center in Palo Alto. Similar to the SF store, expect cutting edge design for those who like to floss their style. Leaning towards the eighties with a slight euro twist, as expected from an Italian company. One of my staple shops.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2006,9/19/2006,139,197,5,6,3>if they ain't using charcoal then it ain't korean bbq!!this place is one of the extremely few places that uses charcoal in san jose.  i HATE the fact that all these kbbq places here use gas grills.  wtgay?  the smellier i am coming out of a korean bbq joint, the better.  4 stars only because there are a bunch of better ones in SF and LA.  But def this is prob the best place in the SJ area.  if I were rating only SJ KBBQ places then this is def a 5-star.  dammit... i'm just gonna give this place the 5 stars it needs to keep people coming!  i cannot afford to lose another good south bay restaurant.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/24/2006,9/18/2006,68,43,23,2,5>None of y'all get what Miyake really is. Rating the sushi is irrelevant because Miyake is actually the official location for large groups of Asian girls in platforms and Asian guys with spiky hair from the South Bay to meet and stand together outside the doors for two hours on weekend nights.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2006,9/17/2006,2,263,2,1,1>Excellent, excellent food.  Go here if your significant other does something dumb and wants to make it up to you by taking you out someplace nice without breaking the bank.  Then you won't feel guilty for throwing down $30 (when your disposable income is basically negative $30) for a pile of beets and fish with taters.The best beets and feesh and taters EVER.Oh and they have cheap cheap burgers during happy hour but I think you have to buy a bunch of booze.  Is that how happy hour normally works?  It doesn't seem right to me.  Happy hour, to me, means cheap and or free food which is also tasty and did I mention cheap!But if happy hour, to you, means spending your normal amount of disposable income (I hate you) on booze and tossing a burger on top to keep it all down so you don't vomit on your friend's new shoes in the taxi on the way home (okay that's funny but I still hate you), then by all means... give that a whirl.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,9/16/2006,791,1230,8,11,6>Husband and wife team run this small market in downtown Menlo Park.  The lady is loud and boisterous and talks all day while the quiet husband mans the register and ignores his yapping wife.  GREAT DUO!Though small, this is a one stop place for everything: fresh only able to get at japanese market vegetables (burdock, renkon, mitsuba, myoga, shiso, daikon), fresh sashimi air mail from Japan, dried fish (must ask wife to fetch it from the back), fresh Clover Bakery goods, fresh San Jose Tofu, variety of sake including daiginjyo selection... and apparently there are no stores that carry food items from Holland in that area so he has all sorts of stuff from Holland.  Interesting end result: store demographic primarily Japanese and Dutch.  So all you pennisula dwellers, this husband drives all the way to San Jose each morning so that you dont have to to get Clover Bakery and San Jose Tofu.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,9/13/2006,9/15/2006,176,237,14,4,5>Daniel's company of the year. Intuit acquired the dot com company I work for in downtown San Francisco, and the news was announced as of noon today, September 13th. We're now proudly a part of the QuickBooks and small business division. Intuit treated us like kings and helped us every step of the way through the acquisition. The company culture is the most inviting I've ever experienced, our benefits are AMAZING, and the work will certainly be just as challenging. So, what can I say.  I am now an Intuit employee!Edited February 2008:  Layoff.  :(
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2006,9/14/2006,299,1733,3,4,3>Yes this clothing brand is overpriced.  Wait for the sales, and this is what you pay for:Unique colors: think cantaloupe, or a nice honeydewColorblock: to hide and highlight your various body partsChiffon: and lots of it, I gush over this stuff, it's easy breezy and gorgeous!Silk: Oh so sexy!Embroidery: intricate and adds to the individuality of the garmentCutouts: Very cool shirts with strategically removed partsCustomer service: they kiss your ass here!  Be honest!  You like it!
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2006,9/13/2006,0,0,10,,3>As a non drinker, there really is no reason for me to visit bars, but for my good friend's birthday, I made the exception and glad that I did because this lounge was very sleek and unpretentious. The bartender was very cool and the tunes on the spin table were hot. The only thing that I didn't like was the volume of the music. I almost lost my voice trying to have a conversation. I bet some of those people thought I was either crazy or a bitch. "So where do you live?!?!"Me: "Yes!! For two years!!""So what are you drinking?!?!?"Me: "Around 8:30!!!""Ok, well it was nice meeting you!!!"Me: "I know!!! I get that all the time too!!! Hey where are you going?!?!?"
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2006,9/12/2006,86,246,3,7,5>First reviewer below doesn't really shop here, I can tell by her picture.  Clothes here are cheaply made, but sometimes you want the occasional item like a top, or dress, for a date, that fits AND doesn't make you look like you're the mother of the bride.Not everything is "slutty."  I wouldn't buy my whole wardrobe here, but the few skirts and tops I've carefully chosen to fit me always garner praise, perhaps because I pair them with classic accessories and other wardrobe pieces.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2009,11/23/2009,113,239,19,11,13>There's been a stigma when it comes to San Jose's nightlife--- and rightfully so. Shootings and stabbings down first street, hobos galore, piss wreaking streets, and too much testosterone. So much damn testosterone I feel like I'm growing balls of my own. They don't call it man jose for nuffin.So. Voodoo lounge has been around for a while now. Back in the day they had a bad rep, but these days the peeps at Voodoo never fail at bringing dtsj the latest and some of the greatest live acts to put on a rad ass show. Not only that, but Voodoo also supports local acts of ALL genres as well. There's definitely no genre bias here.The venue itself is spacious. Adequate seating and a huge main bar. The set up is pretty damn awesome with a mezzanine, VIP area and a fucking disco ball. I love disco balls!!!They play everything from country to psychobilly, metal to ska, reggae to hip hop and all things in between. Come in on any night of the week and the bartenders will be there to do their job; to get you plastered out and over into another dimension. Stiff pours ensure that you're getting your monies worth, foo.I loves it. And I'm a big time hater of everything. [most of the time.]5 stars, bitch.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,11/22/2009,207,317,13,12,11>Opa! Is! Amazing! They! Also! Use! Lots! Of! Exclamation! Points! On! Their! Menu!(I wish I could take full credit for noticing that, but the credit goes to my S.O.)I've been here twice so far: once about a month ago for lunch and once last night for dinner. Both times, the service was impeccable. For lunch, we got some appetizers, including the Fiery Feta Dip and pita and Keftedes, their lamb/beef meatballs. For dinner last night, we got Feta Cheese and Olives and pita.My main dish for lunch was the Chicken Souvlaki Pita -- my one minor complaint is that I ordered it without onions, but there were still onions in the pita when I received it. Nothing a little picking out couldn't fix. For dinner last night, I had the Bifteki/Greek Burger (a mix of lamb and beef much like the Keftedes appetizer) with the side of rice pilaf. Next time I'll order it with extra crispy plain french fries instead, since I stole so many of my friend's. Also, my S.O. was generous in sharing his Avgolemono soup (Greek lemon soup -- the menu entry uses 4 exclamation points!) with me. Yum!Overall, our server was attentive, the atmosphere was warm and inviting, music was appropriate, and I met one of the owners each time I've been there. They're both warm and friendly guys, and I'm happy giving them my business since they provide such great food for reasonable prices.Some notes: Last night, it was getting chilly in the restaurant due to the open front window. We asked the owner to close the window, and he obliged immediately, and the temperature was perfect after that.Also, it was a little bit awkward to walk through part of the kitchen to reach the single person bathroom, but that won't deter me from returning again.Can't! Wait! To! Be! Back!
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,11/20/2009,224,712,13,17,16>Fun new addition to Cupertino that replaces Verde Tea (which has moved over to near Erik's Deli)...they opened a mere 4 days ago. This has always been a cute little space, and it's even cuter now. Did they always have outdoor seating in the shade? Rocking chairs=fun!!!Anyway, onto the food. Got the turkey avocado pesto crepe and it was quite tasty.Though I got a bit of a stomach ache afterwards, I can't necessarily blame it on the crepe, my stomach is notoriously odd lately.The service was friendly and fast UNTIL it came to getting our food. They only have 2 crepe machines and considering that there were about 10 people who ordered crepes in the space of 10 minutes, they really need to get more crepe makers. They had 4 people huddled behind the counter waiting for the crepes to be done as well. So they are slightly overstaffed with not enough machinery.Our crepes took about 10 minutes to be ready...we were chillin' outside with a drink in the shade and not in a big rush. But when we came in to give them our dirty platesabout 15 min after that, people who were waiting when I came in to pick up our food were STILL waiting. I can't imagine that is all that fun.Soo for now I'd say get there before noon OR call in your order. We'll be back to try more but only if we have a lot of time on our hands. One thing we thought would be great would be pictures of the crepes also, to help you visualize. Love the selection and the 'make your own' option. Huge portions and comes with side salad.GET MORE CREPE MAKERS!  Oh and some freshly made lemonade would be fabulous too.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2009,11/19/2009,1260,803,25,28,24>The filet mignon......The rib eye steak.......The prime rib.......The cinnamon pineapple.......Four and half stars for being the first and only Brazilian Steakhouse in San Jose.   I've waited three long years for one to open up in the South Bay.No more shall I waste precious gas to drive up north just to get my Brazilian meats.The prime rib is screaming here.  I love watching the natural juices trickle down the craving knife and land on my plate.   Its tantalizing and very much like getting a strip tease and knowing that you're going to get a happy ending tonight.  HA!Asides from the meats, you gonna indulge on the freshly made corn bread.   It has a texture that's moist with a little bit of firmness.Bonus Points:    - Cigar patio in the back.  - You can bring your own wine (corkage fee applies).     - We paid only $35.00 a person during the restaurant week promotion.    Regular price is $45.00 per person (not including drinks and tip).- We reserved the large private room at no extra cost.- Kudos to Amanda Bear for bringing her vintage sexy wine collection from 1986.   - Kudos to James G for sharing his collection as well.  See pics for details.Parking:  I suggest parking at the nearby lots for only $3.00 bucks after 6:00pm.Word to the Wise:Please don't bring $3.99 wine to my dinner gatherings.   The corkage fee was $10 each bottle.  * cough * van * cough *
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,11/17/2009,294,926,16,20,16>"Would you like some bubblewrap?" Between that greeting, passing the padded white cell on the way in, and the different shaped unique topping donuts, you know you're not in your parents' donut shop. Loved it all. 4.5 starsCost to worth it rating: 3 (pricier than say a Winchell's but cool factor makes it worth the premium)Eve award: most whimsical, fun-spirited donut spotHighlights:- Fun flavors: move over sprinkles, now there's malt ball, oreo peanut butter, green tea, etc. - Fun names: split personality, cookie monster, etc.- Fun shapes: the circle doesn't get to monopolize the scene here--squares and triangles get their place in the case- Basic donut: not just passing on the novelty hype, the base of these donuts are fluffy yet substantial and quite delicious- Twilight poster: classic Edward and Bella, but with an added donut between them. Gotta love the food and romance pairing :-)   Lowlights:- Limited hours: only in the mornings during the week and the latest they are open is 8pm on Fridays and SaturdaysMove over cupcakes and tart yogurt, this is my dessert of choice and I'll be back to try more crazy flavors.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,11/16/2009,563,743,12,14,11>I LOVE the smell of this place (yes, I said "smell" and not "aroma", I'm trying to be less bougie...)! It really is the quintessential neighborhood coffee shop filled with eclectic chairs, couches that look like it belongs in someone's basement, artwork from local artists, and even table video games. Their drip coffee is wonderful and I just had their double espresso shot last night. Both coffee experiences had great flavor, well brewed, perfect temperature, and my espresso had a great rich/creaminess to it. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. We stayed past their closing hour last night and they didn't rush us out at all. Bonus. I just wish that there was a Monsieur Beans at the corner of my block....guess I'll have to settle for the tasty taqueria instead! :)
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,11/15/2009,410,351,11,12,13>Meat served on a hot rock to be cooked to (your own expert) perfection. How could this NOT be a good idea? It was a quaint concept and well executed, in my humble opinion. I felt a little annoyed with an up-sell attempt: a New York Medallion will taste better well-done while a Filet will taste good mid-rare (the temp. i normally like my steak)? Good try. I'm sure that $2 was worth the insult.The food more than made up for the up-sells, the manager was incredibly nice and helpful. thank the gods for the boyfriend, who ordered the buffalo steak so that I could try it and marvel over the taste-party in my mouth. Pure genius dipping sauces, yummy yummy sides: garlic mash, veggies and apples, I would definitely like to return to try their swordfish.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,11/14/2009,849,1374,12,13,11>I thought my love affair with Chaat Cafe was over when I changed jobs from downtown San Francisco to the South Bay. We tearfully exchanged e-mails for a few weeks, but the distance became too much, and the visits I promised on the weekends never materialized. Finally I ended it: "We're from two different worlds... You're a restaurant, I'm a woman with needs..."I got excited, nay, aroused when I saw that a restaurant called iChaat Cafe opened in Sunnyvale half a year ago. They even used a similar font. I ate there and despite their similar (read: ripped off of Chaat Cafe) menus, iChaat was no Chaat.But then I stumbled upon New Tandoori Cafe a few weeks ago. I thought it was a Tandoori Oven knock off - turns out it's a Chaat Cafe knock off. Word on the street (a.k.a. the office where I work) is that New Tandoori used to call itself Chaat Cafe until Chaat Cafe threatened them with legal action. New Tandoori even has the exact same posters of Indian movie stars that I've seen at Chaat Cafe's Berkeley location.My stomach has no moral qualms and doesn't care if something's a knock off as long as it's good. Their aloo naan (potato stuffed naan) ($3) is identical in taste to Chaat Cafe's. I've missed that naan for a long, long time. It even comes with the same raita-like dipping sauce. The slighly spicy potato filling is the perfect counterpoint when dunked into the sauce.On my first visit I had the Tuesday Aloo Gobi special ($4.99). Aloo Gobi is a pretty standard dish of potato and cauliflower, but I really didn't care for their version. On my next visit I had the Aloo Tikki ($3.79) - potato patties with a side of chole (chickpea curry). The Aloo Tikki part was seasoned perfectly, better than Chaat Cafe's in fact, with my only criticism being that the inside might have been *slightly* too creamy. The chole was a little too salty.The menu copies Chaat Cafe's so closely that they even have Chaat Cafe's Chicken Pesto Stuffed Naan. The prices are overall very reasonable. Two items fill me up (to the point where I can't quite finish my food) for about $7.50 (more if you get a meat dish or a special). Their meat is all halal certified.By the way, the sign outside is missing the word "New." This is my new go-to please when I have to go to Kaiser.Aloo Naan - 5 starsAloo Gobi - 2 starsAloo Tikki - 4 starsOverall - 4 starsNext time I plan to continue the aloo overload by getting a Samosa.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,11/13/2009,375,196,8,10,9>The special burger I got this time was the 2/3 Lb Beef on a honey wheat bun.  I had Danish Blue Cheese, Bermuda red onions, Grilled pineapple, roasted chiles and roasted corn & black bean salsa with a Roasted garlick aioli sauce.MMMMMmmmmmAlso a side of half and half regular and sweet potato frys and an ice tea.  We ate outside and people watched and talked.Service was fast, drinks were continous.  The burger was decent x2 and the server was very courteous.My prior suggestions of getting here as early as 11:30 for a weekday lunch hold.  The lot was just filling up as we arrived and it was packed as we were leaving.This is a great place to enjoy the day and people watch at Santana Row.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2009,11/12/2009,262,162,12,14,11>I HAD to figure out what the hype was.We were about to go to back to Thai Lovers and indulge on their free Thai tea, but it hit me that Bun Bo Hue An Nam was in the area. So I busted a U-ey before realizing it was past the mall, not before it. FAILIn any case, parking was a disaster area, but we did go on a Saturday during lunch. I saw people park in "No Parking Anytime" and "Taco Bell Customers Only" zones without fear, but it was too bold a move for me. I on the other hand sent my passenger to stand in an empty spot we've located by following people who were leaving. FTW XDThe service was typical of any true Asian place, quick and efficient if not cheery. The Thai tea and Vietnamese Iced Coffee tasted authentic (not canned) And the Bun Bo Hue... SO lived up to its hype. Savory and spicy broth makes this dish, reminds me of home...The Pho Dac Biet (house pho) wasn't too bad from the taste I got. The broth wasn't as good as Pho Y but their meats were so tender it almost melted in my mouth... (I know I know... that's what she said!)Next time I want to try their sister shop, Pho Ga An Nam :)
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,8/29/2010,1066,578,6,10,9>Had such a great time! We came here for a fundraiser catered event... The food was amazing. They had little sandwiches like pulled pork and vegetarian, salmon on bread with cream cheese, cheese plates, roasted-vegetable platters, and hummus and pita, not to mention great dessert plates. The service was very friendly, offering us lots of drinks and making lots of jokes. It was very clean, the atmosphere was great and active... I want to come here for an actual sit-down meal.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,8/28/2010,455,236,21,9,9>Guys, if you want to get laid on a hot date, take her to Shadowbrook.  Hell, if you're a girl and you want to get laid, take him to Shadowbrook.  It's the "deal closer" of fancy restaurants.  Each time I've been to Shadowbrook, I have had an excellent experience.  I'm referring to the dinner portion you pervos!Shadowbrook is probably one of the best fancy restaurants I've been to, and trust me, I've been to a lot.  Why such a strong statement?  It's a fancy restaurant without the snobby feel.  The waiters/waitresses are all friendly and the restaurant omits a very warm and cozy feeling.  It's difficult to explain.  I always feel welcome and the service is spectacular!  Shadowbrook's service puts the service at Masa's to SHAME!  Let's talk about the venue.  The entrance of the restaurant has a cute glass elevator (trolley) that takes you up to the restaurant.  You don't need to take it, but it's a nice option.  The restaurant overlooks a small man-made lake (or brook, hence Shadowbrook), so I recommend that you find seating near the window.  The bathrooms are super clean and you can tell that cleanliness is a huge priority along with their wonderful service.  Sure, the dinner might be a tad pricey, but you will have a taste explosion with every bite.  It's worth it.  I always order the prime rib, medium.  The prime rib is always tender and cooked perfectly.  The mashed potatoes and creamed spinach perfectly complement the flavors of the prime rib.  I have had dates that ordered various items on the menu and those dishes were excellent as well.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2010,8/27/2010,3171,1316,19,23,20>Order #24.One of the best rice dishes I have ever had. Seriously. The chicken is perfect. With rice, soup, fried egg, and some fish sauce, it's GAME OVER. Very simple restaurant with simple but delicious Vietnamese dishes. The bun bo hue is pretty good, too, but I am all about #24.They also have sandwiches and various other Vietnamese food, but stick to what is clearly advertised and displayed: Com Tam (rice dish) and Bun Bo Hue.Also ordered a mang cau shake which was tasty but could do without the whipped cream.Will return.HIGHLY RECOMMEND #24 and the bun bo hue.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,8/26/2010,599,803,11,11,11>Happy hour is legit!Went in with a friend because we were killing time before dinner in downtown San  Jose and it was between 3 to 6pm on a Saturday- sat down at the bar and had a pineapple and strawberry mojito. :) So refreshing on a hot June day. A mojito was $4 and well drinks are $3 and they also had appetizers for half price too. Very good deal.  Dangerously close to SJSU I hear a lot of students come here between classes to get drunk.  Crazy kids! The bartender also mentioned that Sunday gets crackin too with bottomless mimosas for $8. Officially a Flamer... wait..
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,8/25/2010,830,598,14,15,13>Off the strip area of Tully road, comes a new business which is a family run restaurant that serves yummy, fall off the bone, smoky ribs!$9 combo meals, great & wonderful customer service, finger lickin' sauce, and kickin' hot chili!! Downside, we only got the free chili after we found out they ran out of chicken, etc. Regardless, I still think they beat out Texas Roadhouse!Business seems to be pretty busy as all the tables were taken, but luckily I took some time to look over the menu before deciding what to order. I chose the ribs, brisket, and hot link combo. The meal comes along with two sides (ordered macaroni salad and potato salad) and garlic bread. My first instinct, an asian bbq joint? Hmm....I was doubtful. They definitely proved me wrong! I want MORE! I went through my first bite of the ribs and the brisket....wow! My amazement of the sauce and the food all inside my mouth and slowly tumbling down my growling tummy! Pure joy!FTW....you are definitely RIB-licious!!!
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,8/24/2010,2665,2597,18,23,23>Omgoshdelicious. Thanks to a local yelper whose review was on my front page a few days ago, I finally "discovered" Slider's Burgers and realized that it was so close to work! I'm surprised that this place has had so many reviews and I haven't even heard it mentioned to me in passing at all.The location is in a strip mall of which none of the other stores really caught my eye. The place isn't big and the sign is definitely something unexpected as I was looking for something much larger. Once inside, the menu is on the wall and essentially you order and then find a place to sit. If you order in they will bring you the food and if you order to go you can call in advance and pick up! (awesome!)They have ostrich and bison, both are very gamey tasting but delicious nonetheless and I love their huge condiments bar. Their tabasco wings are a MUST, super spicy and extremely delicious!
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2009,8/23/2010,761,878,11,13,12>FINALLY tried out Crawdaddy about a month ago. Been hearing about it for a long, long time from friends that come here all the time.I came here with my friend on a Friday around 4PM, so it wasn't busy at all. We ordered 2 pounds of shrimp and an order of the cajun fries. This was my first time having this type of seafood, and I loved it.I must say though, having tried the Boiling Crab after Crawdaddy, I do like Boiling Crab better. Bigger restaurant and better sauces. However, Crawdaddy is still great, and I would recommend it to anyone who like seafood.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,8/22/2010,351,376,12,14,13>THIS PLACE IS DELICIOUS!!!  i went here with my boyfriend last week and we ordered the Chachangmien.  omg it was amazing.  I like how they served the sauce and noodles separately so that it wouldn't soak in and taste mooshy.  The sauce wasn't overpowering like other places i've been to.  It also includes shrimp, zucchini, and beef!  The dish was 7.50 not too shabby if u ask me!  The customer service there was also excellent!  They were really attentive and nice to us..something that you barely see in an Asian place.  I am definitely coming back here again!
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2010,8/21/2010,339,173,25,35,23>Ramen Boy was telling me about this great new Ramen restaurant called Orenchi Ramen (static.px.yelp.com/bphot) that just opened up on the corner of Homestead and Lawrence. So the two of us along with Will decided to check it out last night. We tried searching online but couldn't locate their business hours. So I was sent as a scout to see how late they stayed open. 10:00pm on Thursday night, perfect! So as I waited for them to arrive, I toyed around with my Droid and read all the reviews on this place. After seeing all the attention that the Tonkotsu Ramen received, it was that moment I knew what I wanted to order.The menu they have is very simple and offers three kinds of Ramen:  Tonkotsu, Shoyu, and Shoi. Between the three of us, we ordered:-Tonkotsu Ramen (static.px.yelp.com/bphot)-Karaage (static.px.yelp.com/bphot)-Chasu Gohan (static.px.yelp.com/bphot).Tonkotsu Ramen (4.75 Stars): Holy smokes, can ramen get any better than this? Talk about love at first slurp! We might have quite possibly found a hidden gem here! This pork based broth was almost perfect, offering the best of both worlds - very flavorful without being too salty or oily. This delightful masterpiece included seaweed, soft cooked egg, bamboo, mushroom, and a thin slice of pork. The soft cooked egg was firm on the outside yet the inside had runny yolk, yum! The slice of pork was both extremely tender and delicious. Now granted, I am no expert here but even Ramen Boy agreed this place is very delicious! :)Chasu Gohan (4 Stars): Soft pork and green onion over rice. The Chasu Gohan was a great side dish to the ramen. The meat is really tender, which is probably why I liked it so much. So simple, yet so delicious at the same time.Karaage (3 Stars): This Japanese styled deep fried chicken was decent, but nothing when you compare it to the Ramen and Chasu Gohan we just had. :)Summary (4.5 Stars): Scrumptious food and great service. The only bad thing that brought it down half a star was the portions are a little on the smaller side. You should have seen the look on our waiter's face when we ordered a second round of food, it was priceless! Tip: Here are their Business Hours so you don't need to be a scout for your friends. :)Mon - ClosedTue - 6:00pm to 10:00pmWed - 6:00pm to 10:00pmThu - 6:00pm to 10:00pmFri - 5:30pm to 11:00pmSat - 5:30pm to 10:00pmSun - 5:00pm to 9:30pmTip #2: Kitchen usually closes around 30 minutes before the restaurant closes. At least that's what they told us when we tried to order more food, LOL.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,8/20/2010,44,143,13,12,17>So, as it happened, one night in the citySome time ago - I was younger, more gritty -I thirsted for porter and searched for a barOne not too divey, too dank, or too farA bar reminiscent of my beloved Old Toad(A UK affair but in Rochester's cold)A place where the spirit is lively and warmA dinner time menu with both fried and mushed formSo came I to Trials but at first I was waryWas this the place? Should I exit or tarry?I looked towards the cabinet, board games and cards!The whiskys were Irish, the ciders were hards!I sat at the bar (note: with my knee by a hook)I surveyed the taps, with a list as long as a bookI found ales and lagers, witbiers and stoutsWith no porters in sight I resummoned my doubtsThen towards the end, in a wooden additionA mechanical affair arose my suspicionI summoned the barman, and asked him 'what is it?'He said, 'Its a porter, its hand pulled, exquisite'I wasted no time to order a glassHe quickly obliged and engaged the brassIt was frothy and nutty with a thick creamy headA very slight sweetness and a faint tinge or redThis so far was promising, that was for sureBut this bar had just one more test to endureI missed shepherds pie, the Toad's was delishSo I placed an order (but wanted the fish)Without much delay, I was on to round twoThen out came the crock full of blanketed stewMelty and hot with a cheesy adornmentI tucked right in though my tongue wished I hadn'tDespite the mouth burning I suffered that nightI found the food to be adequate, alrightBut what can be said of traditional foodFor coming from Britain it was really quite goodThe place has an overall warmth and a charmNot often found with the San Jose swarmThere's darts in the back and some chairs outsideAlthough it can get cramped when its busy inside
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,6/3/2008,1212,479,38,36,39>My mother used to take me here every weekend and I would have fun picking out what dim sum items I wanted.Now I can come here by myself and can someone say, 'lost in translation'?!  The lady chuckles and I chuckle back and I get something totally different.  4 years of Mandarin in high school doesn't quite cut it.  She always gives me an egg custard tart and says, 'for you', in Mandarin.I giggle and say thank you back to her.Then I gobble up my tart.They have the most delicious porridge here, but since once again, our translation was messed up, I received preserved egg porridge, instead of my usual peanut porridge, sounds gross, but it's even more delicious than the peanut porridge.  ---------Same complex as Walter's Kalesa
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,6/1/2008,622,449,15,24,26>I love browsing in bookstores!  When they're open, they often (always?) have a shelf of books outside, usually recent bestsellers, etc.--to draw you in...it works for me.  There's a bookstore cat, ISBN (gotta love the name), who sometimes sleeps in the front window.  Oh, so no dogs allowed inside, keep the door shut, & if you have cat allergies, be careful.  Well, if you have lots of allergies in general, a used bookstore is probably not the best place to be going anyway.They have more recent bestsellers up front, along with chick lit (OK, I admit to reading this at times, ...there goes my intellectual facade).  General fiction/literature is along one wall.  Mystery/science fiction is along another wall.  Those are their largest sections.  Various non-fiction is in the middle--science, sociology, history, travel, etc.  The small middle room has hobbies--art, crafts, food & cooking, sports, etc.  The back room has romance & children's.  Hmm...interesting...not sure if I'd want my kids (hypothetical; I don't have any kids) to catch a glimpse of that steamy romance novel cover.  If you bring in your books for them, you can get store credit.I think the last time I popped in (I happened to be downtown at the farmer's market), I ended up leaving with 3 books, for the price of one!Located in downtown Campbell, on the north side of Campbell Ave., between First and Second St.------------Edit 2/3/08:Last time I was in there (1-2 weekends ago), I found out that they were going to be moving  soon down the street, I think between First St. & Central.-------------Edit 6/2/08:They have moved and are now located on the northeast corner of First St. & Campbell Ave.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,5/31/2008,192,216,10,13,12>Mylinh Nguyen (the owner) is the nicest lady on Earth, next to my Mom!I had to hem a new pair of jeans and my GF recommended this little shop on El Camino Real & Henderson Avenue in Sunnyvale. They have been doing my GF's dry cleaning of business suits/dresses/ and pants alterations for years now! However, this was my first visit inside.Mylinh greeted me with a great big smile and hello! I told her what was up and she went right to it! I was ticketed for $10, and the turn around time was super quick! We chatted for 15 minutes or so about our business ventures and I found out her kids went to Nativity Catholic School in my hometown of Menlo Park!Kudos: Facilities were absolutely clean!Pricing & services were consistent and low...Owner of the store remembers everyone's name!*Parking is VERY limited in the small plaza, back your car for easy exit*
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,5/30/2008,490,412,30,22,25>Scene:  5:00am at the local high school track.  A misty fog surrounded the schoolgrounds, barely thick enough for me to notice a lone Spartan running laps.Me:  Wow!  You've got quite a workout.  Are you training for the Boston Marathon or Bay to Breakers?Spartan:  Neither.  I've got some heavy lifting later this week.Me:  Heavy lifting?The Spartan looked very familiar, and as he came closer and turned his head sideways, it occurred to me who he was.Me:  I recognize you...I never leave home without you.Spartan:  Yes, I'm the guy on that green card in your wallet, and I hear you're going to Morton's later this week.  I'm training, saying my prayers, and taking my vitamins in anticipation of some real heavy lifting.He's faced this place before, so he knew what to expect.  His training paid off...I put him thru a real workout.Excellent steaks.  For light eaters, they do have smaller portions, like the 8 oz fillet, which is about the size of a baseball.  Add a salad, sides and dessert, and you're full, but you're still out about $100pps with wine.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,5/29/2008,326,452,5,12,9>I can't believe that I've lived in the Tri-City area for almost five years and never heard about this place!! This is definitely another amazing find that I will be telling all my friends, acquaintances and co-workers about for months to come!The restaurant looks like a "hole in the wall" type of place from the outside, but as soon as you walk in you are greeted by friendly service and a modern, clean, spacious interior. You can sit at either regular tables, or the tables with barbecues built into them, in case you choose to order the Korean barbeque- which is exactly what we did!! The meats we chose included the regular chicken, the spicy chicken and the short ribs. For the price of about $13 per meat selection, they really do provide you with an enormous amount of food, without even including the sides (kim chee, spicy tofu, potatoes, kim chee pancakes, seaweed, and a big bowl of rice for each person). They also give you garlic to use as seasoning while you grill your meat, as well as small plates of spicy soy beans paste, which is amazing mixed in with the rice, or as a dipping sauce for the meat.We also ordered the pot stickers, which I didn't try, but everyone else seemed to like, and the Korean pancake as appetizers. I LOVE Korean pancakes!!! They are a cross between a pancake and an omelette and soe of the ingredients are onions, green onions and carrots. It's about the size of a medium pizza, and tastes great, especially dipped into the soy-sesame spicy sauce they give you. At $8.99, it's a great appetizer at a very reasonable price.I am definitely going back!! :)
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/15/2008,5/28/2008,694,903,10,10,12>So, I actually thought this place was really cool:-LOTS of bowling lanes, all with projected TV screens above them so you can watch as you bowl - no need to turn your back.-Separate lanes for league nights, so that you don't feel stupid as your gutter ball gets lapped by 2 strikes in a row from a pro :)-4, awesome AIR HOCKEY tables-A decent sized arcade (skee ball, basketball, boxing, claw games, motorcycle racing)-A HUGE bar-An array of food options and they will deliver to you - wherever you are sitting (I contemplated hiding to see if they could find me)-4 pool tables (each a different color - how cute!)The negatives:-You have to get a card for all the games - which requires you to go to the back of the arcade, which is like getting through landmines full of children.-The bathroom is WAY WAY back, behind the arcade- THERE ARE F*$%ING KIDS EVERYWHERE- THERE ARE F*$%ING KIDS EVERYWHEREThe reason we came here on a Saturday afternoon was for a kick ass air hockey tournament - you see, I am almost all talk but I really am good at air hockey and I kicked my boyfriends ass in game 1 - to which I think he realized he needed to actually try and proceeded to BARELY beat me games 2 and 3....REMATCH!!!****** UPDATE***** Feb 2008I won! I won!! AND the last game was a shut out... 7-0 I ROCK HAHA!!!
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2008,5/27/2008,1107,915,34,32,32>I came here after the Farenheit Elite Event, and I think besides two other people (Candice and Rob), I was the only white person in there. Which. Is. AWESOME. I have an appreciation for sake because I grew up Japanese. You see, when I was a wee youngin, my brother and I were over at Chizu's house all the time--she made us rice balls with tasty treats stuffed inside (omg I'm craving her cooking right now as I write this), and cooked us japanese food, and spoke to us in Japanese, and gave us little Japanese trinkets for our birthdays/holidays/Girl's and Boy's days, and even used some sort of special Japanese massage trick to calm us down when we would get too hyper (no, it wasn't the Vulcan "put you to sleep" trick). She was like a second mother to us, and when I was 5 or 6 years old I walked up to a police officer and said, "Mister Police Officer, if my parents get a divorce, can I move in with Chizu?"Of course, my parents have the most loving relationship (after 23 years together), and even said they would sooner put us up for adoption than ruin their marriage (I love my family), but that never really stopped me from asking.Rob and I were running a tad late. And by a "tad" I mean there was about a half an hour/20 minutes left of the event because we were too busy lazying it up around the apartment and had to stop by my house to change clothes (I can't really be seen in sweatpants and a tshirt, now can I?). We grabbed our Elite Hoodies and Perci invited us to Koji Sake Lounge for some after-party party.We walked a couple blocks through downtown SJ as I soaked up what would have been my college life had I made the choice to go to SJSU--filled with crappy bars and restaurants, a "wild" social scene I tell ya. Arriving at Koji's, we realized that the night had yet to begin as the only people in there were fellow Yelpers, already starting their drinking (of course, by start I mean at that particular location--Omar was trashed by then, I think. HAIII OMAR!). Rob looked at the tasting menu and we ordered the Sparkling Sake and dug into the Edamame someone had so graciously ordered beforehand. It was DELICIOUS! The whole time we stood around, arguing something about Audrey Hepburn and me scrolling through Rob's iPhone frantically trying to prove Candice something, and talking about random things. Honestly? Hand me a drink and I'm going to forget most of the things that went on. Haven't you seen me at DYL?The decor was smooth and contemporary chic, the dark finish on the hardwood floor and bar blended perfectly with the overall vibe, and was dimly lit to provide an outstanding ambience of modern Japanese social settings. (Can you tell I don't normally describe decor? Because that was terrible).Oh, and I've never been to Japan (heyyyy Patrick! You have enough room in that suitcase to fit me?), but if I had I'd probably think it was nowhere near here what it is there. Then again, Chizu moved back to Tokyo when I was 9 and I've been without rice balls ever since, taking my knowledge of Japanese language/culture/etc with her.However, she did start working for a magazine, and sent us a copy of which I am now in the February 2008 issue of. If I ever happen to even THINK about wanting to go to San Bore-se, you will most likely find me here. Konichiwa, bitches!
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,5/26/2008,223,257,8,11,11>When Connie C. put up the thread about the best hamburgers in the South Bay, people hands-down, put down St. John's, and that's where we ended up having a UYE, but I also noticed that a lot of people also voted for Slider's in San Jose.  Being that it is a burger joint in a part of town I rarely venture into, and a place not too far away from where I work, I got some other friends who work nearby together, and we made a trek down there to see what the hype was all about.On the way down, we were talking about Juicy Burger, and my friends loves the one on Bascom Ave., but told me that not all Juicy Burgers are the same.  The one on El Camino and Bowers is pretty bad from what he said to me.Anyway... we finally make it to Slider's, and it's in a slightly ghetto shopping complex.  (In fact, a few years before, I witnessed a stick-up at the Jack-in-the-Box across the street in broad daylight, but a cop showed up to the scene 30 seconds later, so it was good timing)The first thing we noticed is that the set up is similar to juicy burger, where they have all kinds of condiments laid out to put on your burger.  They just put the burger on the bun, and you can choose what else you would want on top.The guy taking our order was pretty cool, and realized it was our first time, so he let us take our time, showed us what they had on the menu, and was generally a friendly guy.  I ended up going on the more exotic route, and ordered the Ostrich Burger.  My other 2 friends got the cheeseburger.Overall, for the type of place Slider's is, I consider it to be of top-class for the selection of toppings you can put on the burger, the price, and the friendliness of the staff.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,5/25/2008,439,671,26,30,29>Sacred Heart Community is a wonderful place to volunteer, they have programs, leaders and volunteers that are committed to making our community a better place for those who are less fortunate. I volunteered with my mom, Brandon (who organized this UYE), Brenda, Cat, Jean, Serbelle, Flor and Yanna. We volunteered our talents by putting canned goods into 1,000 paper grocery bags. Serbelle, Rob and I had the sweaty non-glam job of opening the boxes of canned goods and filling the bins on the production line (where they were filling the paper bags). We were literally hopping for two hours of the four hour shift. Serbelle also was SUPERWOMAN for breaking down the boxes for recycling, I seriously do not know how she broke down the apple boxes because my hands were hurting after unsuccessfully trying to break one down. We had a mini and well deserved break- I had water and an old fashioned dough-nut (yum). The I volunteered my talents at the front on the production line (opening the bags) and putting in the green beans. I was super excited and wanted to complete our goal of 1,000 bags. My mom (Beth W.) at the end of the production line was wondering why the bags were coming down faster and her and Flor spied it was due to the fact I was opening the bags faster than the people on the first shift. I eventually went back to helping Rob and Serbelle with the restocking of the items and helping with the placement of the finished bags on the shelf. We completed our goal of 1,000 bags 30 minutes early- what an amazing team we are. This was a great volunteer activity, looking forward to the next one! For all the Yelpers that woke up early that morning to help- you truly are great : )Noelle's Notes:Major KUDOS to Brenda for showing up bright and early to volunteer on her birthday! Extra KUDOS to Serbelle for breaking down the boxes!!!Note to Brandon:Since you left early for So Cal, when is that lunch you promised us!?!
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2007,5/24/2008,79,142,6,12,9>The one restaurant where I have never successfully managed to save room for dessert.  Believe me, I've tried.I LOVE this place.  I'm no expert on Malaysian food, but everything I've had here was delicious: Mee Goreng, Chow Kuey Teow, Kangkung Belacan (crisp water spinach sauteed in a shrimp paste), Hainan Chicken with a side of that hearty garlicky Hainanese rice, and that seafood dish served in the taro nest.  I crave this stuff.Service is friendly and good, but be warned that the space is a little small and you will end up having zero privacy, so save the serious and/or TMI conversations for another time.  This place is for eatin.  Focus!
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,11/24/2011,1019,787,6,10,8>This has become my go-to place for soup dumplings. It's very soupy, greasy (yum!), delicious and so cheap! Each time friends come to visit, I'll stop by here and each one has loved it just as much (or they're just being polite). I love how it's straight forward--nothing fancy--but the dumplings here are the #1 reason why I'll drive out of my way to come here.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,11/23/2011,343,587,6,10,8>Every experience here has been a good experience.The guys here are nice, knowledgeable, and they make the art of tattooing approachable. I've had two tattoos from Swype now and he doesn't disappoint. He's able to take my ideas and craft them into something spectacular of having permanently on your body.The secret to getting a great tattoo is not being afraid to ask questions. Or for me, you become trusting of your artist and at some point you let them run with it.Definitely a place to keep in your book, when I went to do research and it was hard. A lot of the tattoo places were stuffy, made it hard to get an appointment or weren't willing to help me out at all.Little did I know that, when you choose to begin--you should always (keep it) humble.Trust.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,11/22/2011,1071,862,7,12,10>Professional A+ customer service! Anybody who has had body work knows that it can be expensive. The price varies on the damage, type of work that needs to be done, and how much time it's going to take. I found the price to repair to be fair, and reasonable. They took care of the dings in my vehicle with minimal downtime. Check out Anderson Behel for detailed, quality body work.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,11/21/2011,736,972,23,19,18>2 words: ORIGINAL GLAZED. Don't deviate. Don't pretend you are VIP.  Call ahead. Pre order. Bring cash.  Follow my tips, and you will get LUCKY. Sounds like the makings of  a clandestine meeting in a back alley, but trust me, it's all worth it. Guaranteed Happy Ending, GUARANTEED.  Not even your highest paid call girl can make such proclamations, well, not at 7AM at least.Thank you Stan.  Your donuts are amazing, fluffy, hot, sticky, sweet,  and dreamy.  For a second, you instantly thought of  Def Leppard's: Pour Some Sugar on me.   Hey, it's your fantasy.  I won't judge you.  It's hard to eat just one.  Buyer be warned.  ***MAKES FOR GREAT CORPORATE GIFTS*****Managers and people who get the mechanics of taking care of their coworkers, go see STAN, the MAN.SUPPORT THE LOCAL MOM AND POP JOINTS.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,11/20/2011,741,268,8,10,7>Although I am still learning to pronounce the name of this place, this place is big in my book. I work down the street and I love to make takeout orders from here. My favorite is the gyro, (another top mispronounced word-I hate to say it, but i'm sure it's pronounced 'EURO' like the European currency, although i always like to say GIY-RO, hehe). It is very hearty and is always fresh. I decline to see the calorie count on this thing. Lets just say that I am very full when I am done and what a bargain at $4.99. The super gyro comes with large feta 'logs' and EXTRA meat...Its a little too much for me. I like the regular. I also love their soup, lemon, chicken and rice: small-$1.85, SUPER large-$3.85. A large will last me 3 days at work. They have great Greek salads that come with gyro meat, chicken, steak or lamb. I would request them with lettuce. I can only eat so much a Greek salad before I never want to see another tomato or cucumber in my life. Don't forget your baklava! Numerous other yummy items to try. My recommendation: gyro and small soup always hits the spot!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,11/19/2011,500,289,11,12,10>Swinging Hookah is a great experience for newbies, ahem.  Yeah, I'm new to all this hookah business...You walk in and become instantly captivated by the dim red lighting and air of mystery.  Music plays in the background, large comfortable couches and lots of room and space to just chill, relax and get your smoke on.They have a pretty extensive menu/selection of flavors.  We went with a passion fruit and pina colada.  Both flavors were excellent, and I'd totally go with those two the next time I come in.  They also serve tea and coffee, but I haven't yet had a taste of either.  Great date place, I'd say, hmmmm.....
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,11/18/2011,235,395,3,18,11>Love it!!!  This is no Starbucks, this is a new and very interesting sole proprietorship or "Ourbucks" at risk.  Every cup of coffee and specialty drink is handmade right in front of you by a "Barista."  The cappuccino is the best I have had outside of Europe.  The owner, Janice Chua, is friendly and willing to have a conversation with her customers, unlike the corporate hangouts where it is a production line of 5 gallon coffee tanks.  Unlimited free Wi-Fi at B&W as well as plenty of parking.Just before you drive up to their front door you will see a "P" on a very small sign.  This "P" designates the entrance to covered parking, and there are plenty of empty spaces on the ground floor.  Don't be fooled by the limited parking in the front of the establishment.There is no outside seating; why on earth not -- you ask?  Well the City of Cupertino in all their wisdom said no.  The sidewalk is more than wide enough, in fact looks like it was designed for tables and chairs.  The parking garage is two stories and all but empty from what I can tell.  If ever there was a location/business screaming for an outside seating variance it is this one.Do yourself a favor and skip the corporate routine of drab tank coffee and try a real cup for a change.  We want places like this to survive.  Oh yes, and they have some tasty treats including a lunch menu for $6.25 an item.Welcome to Cupertino Bitter + Sweet.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,11/17/2011,389,207,13,11,10>Ohhhhh dear....This is one of them restaurants where you come hungry and leave....smelling like basil. Or sauteed onions and garlic.... Or curry. Like you come hungry and you leave and people want to eat you.Layang Layang...damn you for being so good and so packed during dinner! Let me share to you the brief story of my search for this Malaysian restaurant....There was this one time (at Band Camp) where a British friend of mine (I know huh?) arranged to meet with me for dinner. He knows that there isn't any type of grub I'd turn down or refuse (well, maybe roasted Siamese cat or Pit Bull turnover, and I'll do a double-take) so he said "let's do Malaysian!" and I was like, "Bring it on. Where?" So reservations were made. It was a Sunday and the place was apparently packed. My friend said it's not wall-to-wall but it's not a big fancy schmansy restaurant as well. So 7:45 pm it is.So yeah, I Yelp Layang Layang and find directions. It's along De Anza Boulevard in a very very inconspicuous location. It's not in any small strip mall or Asian chain or Korean goods-lined street. I drive to Hwy 85 and take the De Anza exit. I slow down and make the instructed U-turn and look at my GPS at the same time. The Layang Layang sign is not bright - as expected BUT I had to kick myself for missing it because I can smell the damn restaurant from my exit! I pass the restaurant because I was so distracted by the thick scent of what seemed to be all over the area. I swear I blurted out "Oh shit, there it is" 3 seconds after I pass by the place. So I turn again - faster this time - and parked my car right behind the restaurant. Luckily, there was a car that was exiting a space and I took it right away. The small street to the side of the restaurant is OK for parking too.One, two.... Oh wait, one.... There was only one caucasian customer! LOL.The other dude with blonde hair must have been Korean.The place was bustling with people! Men, women, kids, one white dude...The moment you enter the place, you do not see the dining area unless you're probably 6 feet tall (which in this case, no one). So I go to the counter to the right and the lady, although she was on the phone, asked one of the staff to assist me (one star!). It was exactly 7:45 and my friend wasn't there yet but the reservation was under his name. The staff seats me and another group of people right away. I was impressed that the table reserved for us already had been cleared, cleaned and with plates and utensils plus iced water. Yup, I love it.My friend joins me a minute after and we took so long to order because EVRYTHING looked and SMELLED so good! It seems like each time a waiter passes by us with a dish, we're like "What is that? Fuck it, we're having that!" (in my little fake British accent and his authentic). The menu displays how the dish looks like too...even more inviting.Also, everyone was drinking some fresh coconut juice from a coconut head (is that how they're called now?). We ordered that and roti canai. In no time, we were sipping fresh coconut juice, eating fresh coconut meat and fighting over the last piece of roti canai. "Go ahead and finish that and I'll suck on the rest of the curry dip." yup, it was that good.By then there were 2 white dudes!Despite the fact that we wanted the tofu, the mushroom beef rib, etc etc, we agreed on ordering the Malaysian fried rice, coconut rice, and the sea bass with chili that seemed like there's no tomorrow.Absolutely delicious! Why the hell is this restaurant so far from my house? Well, not really. It took me about 20 minutes to get here. The restaurant is clean, a small joint but it looks pretty well-kept. The waiter refilled our water promptly. My friend and I couldn't stop talking about how delicious the dish was and how good the other dishes smelled like. The place was pretty Asian-diverse with a lot of Middle Easterns and South East Asians. My British friend seems to be well-known here...apparently he likes it here a lot. We didn't try any desserts as we were so full! Next time I come here I will not wear jeans...hehe.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,11/16/2011,222,319,7,8,8>I had never known there was a magnificent sandwich in my dear hometown of San Jose until I was scouring Yelp for some Mexican food. Perplexed at why a bakery was so highly rated, I began reading the reviews and discovered that not only do they serve delectable sweet pastries (donuts?, cakes?, cookies?, OH MY!), but they serve my all-time favorite Mexican sandwich, the TORTA!Jamming down the road, I reached the parking lot, parked the vehicle, and entered to find a shop of Willy Wonka-esque selection of the sugary, teeth decaying foods. But those would have to wait for another day. My focus would never waver. The mission was to have one of their sizable tortas. I decided upon the Torta Asada, and with SIX-OH-ONE in US currency in my hand, the purchase was made. There is a wait depending on how busy they are, but it's worth it. As mentioned by previous reviewers, the tortas are GINORMOUS complete with your choice of meat, tomatoes, avocado, slice of queso, jalapenos, mayo, and enough oil to grease an elephant. When I channel my inner fatty, I can finish off one of those in no time, but for normal eaters it's probably best to eat half and save the other for later. Among the ones I've tried so far, I'd rank the Lomo first, then followed by Asada, Pierna, and Milanesa. The definition of gluttony also known as the Cubana will be next on my list.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,11/14/2011,615,556,7,11,9>Dive-ish. Take that as you will, but I'd say it's positive. It's got the charm of a dive with the cleanliness of a....hmm...well, a clean bar.The most eclectic mix of patrons I've ever seen migrates here once 5 o'clock strikes, making for a fun after work people watching experience. Plus, they have food! A full dive-ish menu, in fact (highly recommend the cheese fries). I'd say this is one of those places you'd wanna come with a group. It's a little loud for actual listening or a one-on-one conversation. So, knock a few back, pump some cash into the jukebox, and you're good to go.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2008,10/3/2008,147,84,13,18,19>I had my first taste at Crawdaddy two weeks ago and I loved it so much that I went back last night.  Their specialty is the crawfish, but their crabs and shrimps also kick ass.  The steamed seafood is served in a plastic bag with cajun sauce within.  You have the option to choose mild, medium and hot spiciness.  If you are barely capable of handling spicy hotness, I recommend medium spicy for the shrimp because shrimps soaks up a lot of sauce and medium can be pretty spicy.  I recommend hot for the crab because the crab doesn't soak up as much sauce with its hard armor shell.  The crawfish tastes great with medium spiciness.  If you are into hardcore spicy, then kick it up a notch and order hot everything. I really like Crawdaddy and I wish they would have rice in their menu.  The cajun sauce would go really well with the rice.Also, their server Lannie is really nice and she really add a lot to my dinning experience.  She is thorough in recommending dishes, eating method with customers.  Thumbs up!
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/1/2008,10/2/2008,167,346,15,13,14>I am absolutely not one to be picky about my meals or reviews - if you have ever seen me hungry you will know that sometimes a Red Bull and bag of peperoni snacks is all I need to survive. However, when it comes to BBQ - you better be damn good and on the money. Afterall - BBQ is an art - it takes hours and hours of fine smoking to acheive BBQ greatness. My prior religious house of BBQ used to be the old Andy's in Campbell. It was a shrine to all things greasy, smoky and evil. I often think that if old Andy's was still around Guy Fieri would have sucked down a few ribs by now........I am trying to move on. So, I was rather enthused to go here for my birthday lunch with the work crew today. Just walking in and smelling smoke and sauce makes me weak in the knees and sends my nose into overdrive. I scanned the impressive menu (even including stuff for the dieters...I don't diet on my birthday) they had all sorts of meat product platters,  salad and sandos. What I wanted was a giant plate of meat with no sides....but then I thought about the eating I was about to do all weekend in Napa and I put the brakes on. I was torn between pulled pork.... and brisket....and the shoulder.....I ordered the Carolina pulled pork sandwich and the talk at the register went something like this: Me: the pulled pork comes with coleslaw right? (BBQ purists know you do not eat PP without slaw on the meat) Her: um, yes but just  a little so you can order more if you would like...blah blah blah... dissertation about coleslaw and sides and small sides and calling it a condiment Me: (confused) sure order me a side of slaw as well....I think...what the hell is a condiment of slaw? Her: (another Masters Thesis discussion on slaw) Me: whatever....Im hungryI get the large pulled pork goodness on a plate with two giant scoops of slaw - the "side" of slaw appeared to look just like the condiment of slaw. The pork was good but a tad on the dry side. It had a great smoky flavor and it was served with sauce and slaw on the side. So, I lathered it up and topped it off with all the slaw I could fit on the bun. It was tasty. But.....Too much bread, I was not impressed with the run of the mill Wonder bread bun to which my beloved pork was touching. I also think the slaw should have been shredded (see Im picky with my BBQ) It had nice flavor but I don't get "chopped slaw".  The sauce tho - off the chain delicious! I love it and need to get a bottle of that red velvet!I will be back to give it another go, I don't have a lot of options....BBQ in these parts is hard to come by. Next time tho I will go completely carnivore and rip the meat off the bone with my teeth..... my husband says that's my best attribute.
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,10/1/2008,149,321,26,21,21>We had everything on the menu here and it was all wonderful! Well, maybe we didn't have everything but it sure seemed like it!I attended a birthday party here recently for dinner. Our host had reserved the front room for the group. We had our own bar and bartender too. While the front room was nice, it wasn't as nice as the rest of the restaurant. It took a trip to the ladies room and walking through the place for me to really see what this place is like.The decor is very organic and I loved it! I'm into soothing and relaxing spaces that set a serene mood. This place definitely has that. I loved the natural pebble floors, the quiet colors, water features, the artwork and lighting. Everything worked together really well here in this chic and modern establishment. I'll have to return to really appreciate it, but the restaurant was laid out in such a way that some tables were more private than others and the whole thing just works.Certainly you ladies will want to make this trek to the ladies room because the big talk amongst our group was, "OMG, you've got to try the bidets!" Yes, that was interesting to say the least and we had groups of ladies running off together for 15 minutes or so! I do have to say that the turbo setting was a little too intense for me, but, you might like it! Plenty of choices though - I had no idea!I enjoyed a fresh strawberry infusion mixed with Grey Goose for my cocktail. This was well done, although there were a few pieces of strawberry that kept getting stuck in my straw. Nevertheless, the drink packed a punch and all of the vodka soaked berries at the end were worth it.Don't ask me what we ate. Like I said, I think we had everyhing on the menu! There were around 25 of us there and the servers kept bringing one thing after another. Everything I had here was super fresh and delicious. Being that I can't resist sushi, that's pretty much what I ate; with some appetizers and salad thrown in for good measure. Plate after plate of fresh tempura came out too but I stuck with the sushi even though this looked so tempting with large prawns and fresh veggies in a light non-greasy batter. I ate things here that I am still trying to figure out what they were and can't seem to find photos to match. No matter. The presentations were artfully done and colorful, service was quick, unobtrusive and top-notch. And it goes without question that the sushi here was excellent. I'd love to make a return visit and perhaps sit at their expansive sushi bar the next time.Written in my travelogue: Ladies, plan plenty of time so that you can have the full bidet experience. Sorry guys, I heard there were no ball washers for you.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/26/2007,9/30/2008,591,426,42,31,24>As I sipped the octane fuel Patty's calls a Mandarin Vodka and Soda, I took a good look around."If you love America, then you'll love this bar" said one bumper sticker plastered onto the wall.I silently thanked god that I decided against the Burberry scarf, and went for a jacket instead.  I almost looked like a native.  If only I had remembered my Looney Tunes heather gray t-shirt I would have been mistaken for a local.After a large man with a very controversial haircut yelled at me for sitting in his chair while I ordered my drink, I was forced to take a harder look at my surroundings.  And at that moment, a valuable lesson dawned on me.I'll rhyme it out for you, so that everyone can understand.One mullet, two mullet, three mullet, four.  Obese Shark fans can barely fit through a door.  Five mullet, six mullet, seven mullet, eight.  Don't come here if you're Jewish, African-American, Mexican, Asian, Middle-Eastern, from New York, value your sanity, want to talk about pulling out of the War or have ever registered as a Democrat, ever.Seriously.Don't.Ok, ok.  I am being sarcastic.  Patty's is a really good pre-Sharks game time.  And if you're white or look white, or have no ethnic resemblance at all, well then, the drinks are cheap, strong as hell and the peanuts are free.Three stars for America.  And three stars for the blonde bartender who is really sweet and funny and probably smokes too much.  And three stars for the Sharks.  Oops, I mean five.Hi Blake.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2008,9/29/2008,697,211,27,27,27>Oh maaah gawd Becky look at that cup. It is sooooo big!! I found a new place to hit up this summer and it's this nice piece of heaven on Lafayette.So here's a quick rundown on the 1's, 2's and 3's, and 4's and 5's:1. choose a cup (remember, the bigger, the more expensive it becomes!)2. choose the frozen yogurt (you're allowed to mix it up)3. put as much toppings as your cup can handle4. pay!!!!(5. boot up your laptop and rave about it on yelp.com)You get to choose from regular, large,  to ginormous! The ginormous size is kinda like the to-go bowl for pho, so that's pretty big. The base price $0.39 an ounce, I paid ~$5.50 for mine. Okay so first lesson I learned here is don't put 90% fro-yo in the cup or you won't have room for the toppings. Out of the 8 flavors, I really liked boysenberry, original tart, and french vanilla the most. The belgian chocolate is pretty mind blowing, but the raspberry tasted like.. hmm I don' t know.. paper?Only 4 of these flavors are a constant (chocolate, vanilla, plain tart and original tart) and the other four are usually the flavors of the day/week so definitely sample it if you're feeling adventurous.Lots of toppings to choose from! There's syrup, cereals, granola, sprinkles, coconut, chocolate chips, brownies, cookies, gummi bears, m&m's, nerds, chocolate covered raisins, marshmallow, fresh fruit (peaches, lychee, rasp/blue/black/strawberries, mango, kiwi etc), and tons more. I have to get better at this fro-yo mixing thing coz I totally suck :(Someone should do the math and figure out how many different combinations there are! I am seriously in love with this place! There's also free wi-fi here. Me and my bf should've brought our laptops so we can yelp this place as we enjoyed the fro-yo on the spot. I'll probably be back here today with my little cousins AND this time my Macbook will be present. Special thanks to Lolia S. for schooling my n00b ass on this fro-yo biz.P.S. Interwebz login info: frozosfrozenyogurt                                      pw: frozointernet                                (picture included for proof)
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2008,9/28/2008,53,107,12,12,11>Finally!! After countless months of walking past this "soon-to-be-open" restaurant, it finally opened today!! But reading the previous reviews for this place, it opened a couple of days ago? Strange, because the waiters told us that the grand opening was today (Sept. 15). Oh well, whatever. This place is awesome with a capital "AWE-yeaaaahh!!!" I love the concept of ordering and customizing your food on a touch-screen right at your table. That minimizes (I wouldn't say eliminate) the chance of getting things you didn't ask for or things not prepared exactly to your liking. The selection of food isn't really vast. You have burgers, sandwiches, pasta, and so forth. It's typical "bar" food with a few exceptions. I ordered their BBQ Bacon Burger. And I ordered it without cheese (of course) from the touch-screen! Finally, I didn't have to tell a waiter to hold the cheese and have them screw it up by putting on cheese to whatever I ordered (as it happens 7 times out of 10 at any restaurant I go to). The burger itself was decent. There was an option to choose how well cooked you wanted your burger to be. For some reason, the default selection was "Burnt." So I opted for "Well Done" instead. However, when I got my burger, it was a little pinkish on the inside. I guess I should've ordered it "Burnt." Weird.The touch-screen also allows you to play several games. Games are free only for the first hour. After that, you have to purchase credits to continue playing. There are individual games and group games that you can play with other people at your table. The group games are so fun! There's a Pictionary-style game that me and my co-workers played the whole time we were there. It gave us some really good laughs...because drawing on a touch-screen with your fingers is hard to do and your pictures wind up being sloppy and not what you wanted them to turn out to be..."Uhhh...is that a penis?...""No! It's a microphone, dummy!""...suuuuure, it is."At random times, you could be chosen to participate in a group game that includes people from other tables. You basically compete against other people in that one game where you find what's missing or different from two "identical" pictures. Your scores are posted up on the wall (via video projectors) for everyone to see. I heard that if you participate and win in these games on the weekend, you could get free food and prizes or something.There's a ton of tables in this restaurant. They really maximized the space compared to how this place looked when it was the California Roadhouse (piece of crap of a restaurant). The maximum capacity of this place is over 250 people, if I recall correctly. There's a bar area and I noticed one of their video projectors showing ESPN. So this seems like a good place to go after work to chill and unwind.I think I might become a regular here. It's only a 5 - 10 minute walk from my workplace. I can picture it now...I'm at uWink playing games and drinking beer while work gets piled up on my desk. Lovely!!
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2008,9/27/2008,264,401,13,15,16>First thing's first...the menu calls the noodles "udon". Yes, it's a round, thicker noodle, but I think you can learn one more Vietnamese *bánh* word besides bánh mi (a bánh guide- dina-n-brian.com/Alice/B). Japanese udon is usually wheat based, whereas bánh canh is rice and tapioca based and more transparent, curly, and chewy. One of my favorite dishes in the world is bánh canh cua (crab).  I didn't grow up eating it but my first exposure to it was my good friend's mother's recipe.  Her noodles are hand-made.  The soup is a thicker, almost gelatinous broth, and the broth is sweetened from fresh crab and seafood.  When the fresh bánh canh sits in the broth, the starchy noodles help thicken the soup.  I beg to be invited over whenever her mom makes the soup in the colder season. I've tried the dish at My Canh in SF, where the broth isn't very thick and way too oily.  Surprisingly, Ana Mandara, one of SF's original upscale Viet restaurants, serves up a good tasting bowl with house-made noodles.  But $10 for a tiny bowl that's really a side dish is definitely unreasonable. I nearly jumped out of the car the first time I saw this new restaurant so close to my parents' house in east SJ.  The soup base was a thick, rich, crabby flavor (not oily at all).  But there were no crab claws, only 3 big prawns, a couple fish cakes, and some crab meat.  The noodles were fresh but not hand-made which was a little disappointing... I also thought there was too much noodles.  With this dish being the restaurant's namesake, I was really hoping it would go above and beyond.  But overall, I was satisfied with the bánh canh cua and will definitely be back when I get the craving.  Their menu has about 20 dishes and today's special was bánh xeo, yellow crepe w/ meat and bean sprout filling.  I know ya'll love pho, but there are so many delicious Viet dishes... give this one a try.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2008,9/26/2008,217,200,16,18,17>First off, let's establish that fondue places came up with the perfect business model: let's charge lots of money, make you cook your own meal and say it's fun.That's not a knock against this place, though. The food was actually pretty good. I enjoyed the variety of exotic meats that one could try. Crocodile and alligator (there is a difference!), wild boar, ostrich. I found that the meats were pretty fresh and tasty as well. You can't really complain about melted cheese and bread either. Dessert was a little sweet for me, but still good. Overall I'd give the food four stars.What docks this place a star was our customer service. Our first server, and he might have been just having one of those days, couldn't really get much right. He gave us the wrong cheese, forgot to bring out a drink (but didn't forget to charge for it) and was generally a little unnerving to watch. At one point I think they made a mid-play substitution because we got another main server the rest of the night. Regardless, it was still fun and I could recommend going when you're up for some fondue. Good for friends or couples alike.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2008,9/25/2008,142,28,14,15,14>Can someone split with me and buy that big ass sake bottle please!!! On a serious note...this place is one of the better Sake Lounges in the Bay. They have different flavors of sake and the drink concoctions brings out those flavors quite well.  If you're looking for more than just Sake Bombs then this is a great place. Some of my favs:Lychee Martini - you can really taste the lychee.  It's like drinking the heave syrup in a lychee can but getting buzzed :) Zengria - brilliant name. Way to Asianize everything... aside from the name it's a very refreshing drink.  The wine they use is cheapo wine but who cares it's in a mix drink and it's good!!When ordering beer please don't get any of the local ones... try Asahi, Kirin or Sapporo... when in Rome people.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/19/2008,9/24/2008,222,319,13,19,16>I think it's safe to say that if they advertise themselves as a dumpling house, that's probably what they do best.Positives:-Pork XLB: Enjoyed it the most. Tasty soup and pork filling. -Beef XLB: Rather bland but I still ate a whole lot of them. Vinegar and ginger sauce helped a lot.-Crab XLB: Filamentous crab inside. Not much of it either. At least it wasn't imitation crab meat.Tips on enjoying your XLB instead of having it exploding in the steamer: Grab it by the top half with your chopsticks. Peel it slowly off the paper in the steamer. Use your soup spoon that is in your other hand and cradle the XLB underneath after you've peeled it off. Bite a tiny piece off the XLB and slowly sip the searing hot soup inside (YUM!). Then dip the it in the vinegar and ginger sauce and inhale the whole thing. Great success!Negatives:-Green onion pancakes: Doughy, floury, and seemed to be very undercooked. Never will order again.-Ma po tofu: Spicy and very ordinary. Speckled with tiny bits of beef. Eating it with my $1 bowl of rice helped a bit.-Short rib with brown sauce: More like a red sauce than brown sauce. There were some meaty pieces but also some bony pieces with very little meat around them.Although my first experience here was put off by the other dishes, I will come back here solely to enjoy the XLB's and experience the (insert famous Carol L. quote here).
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,4/11/2011,284,247,7,11,8>Owned by a WOMAN!!!! No, Like a woman and only a woman! OK now that Ive gotten your attention, I can say that today I finally decided to revisit San Jose Boxing.  I finally met the owner who extended a courtesy trail to me, in efforts to redeem the overall horrible 1st impression I originally received.  She was quite the antithesis of the first guy I met at San Jose Boxing (for those of you who have red my first review, you will know this is a HUGE complement).   Although it really doesn't take much to top my first experience since i rated it so poorly; this woman really made an honest effort to Reintroduce me to  "Her" gym.This time I received  a courtesy; "We'll be right with you", as I walked into the building, followed by a full tour.  The owner was extremely interested in uncovering who it was that originally served me, and upon some time spent looking at a wall of plaques and certificates, I discovered his had been removed.  It seems that he was among the recently "let go" (if not the only one-let go).  The receptionist even pulled up a picture from the website, perhaps in effort to insure that they indeed removed the right person from position.   The overall vibe about this place was much better than last time; far less intimidating, even welcoming, and had overall better "energy".  Perhaps this was because the owner was there this time, or perhaps it was because there is no longer a "weak link" assisting me. I will fill you in following my courtesy month of boxing.If only everything in life received 2nd chances, the world would be a much better place... Anyhow this is enough for now.Wish me luck!Ps. To see the juxtaposition feel free to check out my original review:yelp.com/biz/san-jose-bo
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,4/10/2011,2053,795,14,12,12>We are not party animals...not in the least. The SBBF Brad C. and I are what you call youngin' mcfatty grandparents. We love food and dranks...but we can't stay out too late!Decided to hit up Mizu since it was late and most restaurants close by 9pm. Gotta say, I was afraid it was gonna be packed since it we decided to eat on a night when most clubbers/party animals/weed smokin munchie foolios need to eat out before and after they partayyy. And boy was I right, they were PACKED. But guess what? We got seated at the sushi bar within like...3 minutes.The waiters/waitresses here all seem to be Japanese, which is awesome since the bf always likes to order most of his isshhh in Japanese. Weird thing though, some of the sushi chefs had the weirdest names that did not match their appearance whatsoever. Like the super Japanese lookin chef cuttin up fish in front of us, his name tag was: Doug. WTF? You look like a Hidetada Suzuki Kawasaki. :PWe ordered our rolls and our entrees and everything came out very very fast considering the place was jampacked and LOUD with tons of 20-30 yr olds. The sake we had was amazing too.I really enjoyed my time here and would definitely come back whenever we're in a pinch to find a late night restaurant, a sushi restaurant too. Japanese food at night cant be bad right? Since the Japanese are like living until well over 150 years old!
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,4/9/2011,378,778,9,19,12>I've been looking for an acupuncturist that not only does great work but one that I can afford as well. I think I finally found her! Right away I felt comfortable in her office. Her front receptionist was super sweet and nice and kept me company while I waited for my first session with the Dr. She sat with me and gave me tons of advice for my concerns and made me feel very comfortable. She recommended some books and supplements as well. I had my first acupuncture session and it went very well. It was painless and relaxing and her rooms are very soothing and decorated nicely. Prices are much better compared to what I have researched before. Also, if you are a Kaiser patient, she accepts Kaiser with a 25% discount.  She also offers great package deals that saves a lot of money. I am looking forward to many sessions in the future with her and having my concerns and issues resolved through Dr. Tierra.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,4/8/2011,967,1207,17,15,15>Where to get my rubber fix???Dropped by here after reading the stunning reviews from friends and yelpers alike. Walked in with both wheels in hand and headed straight to the back of the cozy shop. The staff was really cool and took care of my tire/tube replacement in no time at all. All we did otherwise was shoot the breeze about the next SJ bike party. That's right, the bike has been resurrected and apparently it's true that it's just like riding a bike... I can keep my balance but that probably has more to do with my lack of drinking in recent memory. ;D
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,4/7/2011,146,142,6,7,7>4.5 Stars I kinda like the fact that the Boardwalk hasn't changed all too much since I first visited back in 1987. It's nostalgia and gorgeous beachfront setting is unrivaled by other family entertainment in the bay area. It might not be the most modern amusement park but it's cool factor goes a long way for me.The Giant Dipper roller coaster alone is reason enough to visit the Boardwalk. Built in 1924, it's the 5th oldest roller coaster in the U.S. Pretty cool as far as I'm concerned. And it's not stupid AT ALL. It's super duper fun. The second best thing about the Boardwalk is the Carousel, built in 1911. And, it's almost just as fun as the Giant Dipper and here is why. The carousel features one of the few remaining brass ring machines in the country. Riders on the outside horses can still grab a ring (these days they're made of steel) and try to throw it in the clown's mouth! It's pretty addictive so watch out.Along with those 2 cool rides, our group also went bowling at Boardwalk Bowl, played Laser Tag, played carnival & arcade games, ate really non nutritious park food and pretty much had the best day ever "...at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk. In the warm California Sun!" BOARDWALK!!!
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,4/6/2011,428,2224,16,19,19>I finally got a chance to check this place out today after a yelp-esque ladies lunch. First off.. how many kinds of home made marshmallows can you have? Answer: lots!!  I ended up getting the chocolate swirl after sampling that one and the honey lavender. There is a huge long list of marshmallows like Bavarian Creme. Lots of different fudge options too.... I will return for the brown sugar fudge mark my words! What I ended up getting 1. some wonderful yelpers got me a caramel puddle with chocolate, caramel and pecans, a dark chocolate pretzel and caramels 2. the rocky road 3. caramels (holy mother best caramel EVER)4. spicy dark chocolate bark with cherries Customer service is stellar. Extremely patient.. allowed us to sample stuff... I wish I had some excuse for buying in bulk...... SIGH I also eyed1. the caramel apples2. the other marshmallows  3. fudge pops
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,4/5/2011,615,556,9,18,18>In need of a wax before a trip to the tropics, I wanted to try someplace new, so I turned to Yelp and found Annette of Plush Skin Care.Right at the start of Downtown Willow Glen (or the end, depending on the direction you're coming from), you can find Plush inside A Slice of Heaven Day Spa. (Street parking is minimal, so make sure to turn into the driveway and park in the small back lot.)I arrived a bit early and waited outside for a couple minutes, since the front door was locked due to a treatment in session. I was then quickly ushered inside by Annette, who asked me to have a seat and fill out a short info form.Annette then left to go prepare the treatment room and returned a few minutes later to lead me to the room. It's very clean, organized and tranquil. Annette herself is a sweetheart; she's happy to chat and explain the process while she works. We had a great conversation going and I noted several times that she has the BEST waxing technique I've ever experienced! It's as pain-free as you're gonna get when it comes to getting hair ripped from your most sensitive areas.Definitely not the quickest wax job but very clean results.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,4/4/2011,210,372,5,11,12>We stumbled upon this market after lunch at International Kabob House. The cheery display of fresh fruit in front of the market looked too good to resist, so we decided to do a little grocery shopping. I am so glad we made the decision to check this market out! They have fresh produce at fairly reasonable prices, I picked up some delicious nectarines and tangerines that we have been enjoying all week. Look the produce over carefully though, as the peaches that I bought turned out to be a bit mealy and overripe. Inside are shelves of exotic international delights, Russian chocolates, an olive bar, halal meats, etc. I bought a giant sized tin of loose leaf Earl Grey tea for just $8, what a steal! The people who work here are very friendly and were happy to answer questions I had about different products. We were a little bit short on time, so I didn't get to wander around as much as I would have liked. After reading some of the other reviews the next time I return I am going to take a look at their spices.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,4/3/2011,164,144,10,13,13>I love creativity and I love donuts so Psycho Donuts really hits the spot for me. I like how original this little donut shop is, and lucky for me it's near my work! My coworker brought a box in and we all sampled a few (worked out cause you can only eat so many donuts). Donut fries- cute idea Clumbsy Crunch- super sweet and chocolaty Cereal Killer- Captain Crunch on a donut :D Donilla- Vanilla wafers on a donut- really good Manic Malt- I'm a sucker for chocolate malt balls...or chocolate in general, ha. There were so many more donuts I wanted to try, but I need to work on building my sugar tolerance first :)
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,4/2/2011,490,412,23,22,21>Imagine laying down on the surgery table, you look up, and your local oil change attendant is performing the operation.  Or going to the opera and the store clerk from your local drug store conducting the symphony.  How about your lawyer doing your landscaping?Too many times I have gone to ethnic restaurants and not received the ethnic treatment.  Luckily En was not one of those times. To my left Japanese businessmen chatting up how to get more market share.  To my right a Japanese couple with their Japanese speaking child.  And behind me, chatter of Japanese everywhere.  Yes, I have arrived.Don't embarrass yourself and look for bento boxes, udon, or sukiyaki.  Don't look for the teppan grill.  Instead, immerse yourself in what has to be one of the best Izakaya style restaurants in the area.  Think grilled beef tongue.  Think pork belly salad.  Think assorted sushi (thank God, no stupid big ass name rolls).  Yes, think the life of the typical dark suited Japanese businessman or pony tailed office girl leaving work at 8pm and heading out for a night of food and drinking before catching the midnight train home.When is my next outing?
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2007,7/6/2007,326,452,,10,4>I was very pleasantly surprised today when my boyfriend walked through our door with dinner from a new restaurant that opened a few blocks away from our house. When I found out it was Mediterranean food I was a little disappointed, considering that the past few Mediterranean places I have tried in the Tri-City area were terrible. However, as I bit into my chicken shawarma I realized that this place is absolutely FANTASTIC. The food isn't fancy, in fact it's very straightforward with good flavor (and it's pretty healthy, too!!) He brought some hummus and pita bread home, too which were amazing, as well. The hummus was very freshed and was seasoned with paprika, cilantro (I think) and pine nuts. The food was all very fresh. We liked it so much that we decided we will probably go there tomorrow with some of our friends that, like us, have also been looking for a good, casual Mediterranean place in Fremont ever since the quality at Gater's went down to the point where it was unbearable to eat there.I defiinitely recommend this place, so go there and support this new, small, local business! It rocks!
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2007,7/5/2007,160,346,11,18,18>Are you freaking kidding me?  $3.50 for a DELICIOUS roll?  $3.00 for a glass of wine?  $1.25 for a Miso soup?  This place is amaz-WAIT...Stop reading.  I don't want more people to discover this place. The prices, the food, the service - everything is so blissfully perfect that I don't want it to be overtaken.  You've duped me into extolling this place so that you could take it from me!  Dammit!  (pause)Fine.  I'll share.  But don't say I never gave you anything.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2007,7/4/2007,236,160,5,14,10>Should be 3.5 stars. Just on point with this one.1.) Upon reservation, they write your name with a calligraphy ink brush on a place card for your table.2.) Some skewers came out with a VERY heavy grilled flavor... I didn't like that too much.3.) They forgot to give us our salad.4.) Their berry/apple juice is just a small kid-sized juice box with a bendy straw.FOOD:- Chicken skin w/ponzu: I actually like this one. It's like a fatty noodle dish.-Fried whole garlic: Tasty, I love the sauce it comes with!- Organic fried chicken: Delicious! If you order the fried garlic, dip the chicken in that sauce!!- Sumika salad: Arrived late at the table, but good nonetheless. I wish it had more cherry tomatoes!- Oyako-don: Pretty damn good.- Momo Chicken Yakitori: Heavy grilled taste.- Kobe Stye Beef Kushiyaki: Heavy grilled taste.- Frozen Custard Pudding: AKA frozen creme brulee.OVERALL:I like this place, the staff is nice. I think I came on an off day so I'd give it another try.
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2007,7/3/2007,853,724,5,15,12>7/3/07 update...  Thanks for the love people.  Means a lot!--Damn my sweet tooth!!!This place is awesome.  My generous slice of boysenberry pie had a flaky crust and sweet/tart berry filling.  Pretty telling was the weight of the take-out box - density counts!$2.95 (to go) or $2.75 (eat in) or $10 (whole).Any way you slice it, still cheaper than Heidi's Pies!  (Sorry for the pun!)Plus, open 'til 11 p.m. every night?  Oh it's never too late for pie!!!
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,7/2/2007,324,330,11,11,16>"I'll have the Burt Reynolds please..."Every time I order this sandwich at Heimerhaus I'm thinking, "The early Burt Reynolds. The everything up to and including the first Smokey and the Bandit Burt Reynolds."  That's not really true. Hooper came out after Smokey and the Bandit. I. Love. Hooper. If you haven't seen it, it is a movie about professional stunt men in Hollywood and their short shelf life. The new guard versus the old guard. I've seen it more than any other Reynold's film and get caught up in it every time it is on TV. The guy had an incredible run: Deliverance, White Lightening, THE LONGEST YARD, Gator, Smokey, and Hooper. All within six years. Of course there's Boogie Nights, but I'm still not convinced that Burt isn't playing himself in that one...Heimerhaus is an old school deli where all the sandwiches are named after famous people. You already know my favorite. It is a ham and egg salad combo. This comes with a pickle and you can choose chips and drinks to go with. You would never walk out of here hungry or complaining about lack of meat on your sandwich. They really load it down. At lunch, the lines are long but go quick. Quick like The Bandit...
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2007,7/1/2007,278,355,10,6,7>I only came to Marina because Toro E. says the sake selection is vast and sometimes cheaper than Nijiya.  Now I never came to Marina before because I like to support my neighborhood supermarket, Suruki's, which is a stone's throw away and they are family owned and always friendly to me.But curiosity kills all my cats and I love a good deal.  So I walked into Marina and beelined straight for the sake section.  My all-the-time sake of choice has been Otokoyama, its roughly $39-40 at Nijiya or Suruki for 1.8L.  And I like it because its one of the few names I can remember (and read the kanji), Man Mountain.Well, gasp shock horror, its only $29 here at Marina.  TEN BUCKS CHEAPER!  Am I a loyal Suruki customer or am I a low-price-leader Walmart whore?  Well okay I just bought one bottle for myself.... ahem, and a bottle for my bro-in-law.  It was his birthday darn it, I had to!  Oh and the natto was on sale for $1.39 for a 3-pack so I bought 3 packs.  And some Calpico which was about two bucks cheaper.... *sob* I'm a whore!Sorry Suruki I won't come here again!!!  .... except when I need more sake.  *sob* guzzle guzzle *sob*  (fine print:  4 stars for cheap sake)
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2007,6/30/2007,449,368,9,12,12>I actually sampled QQ Noodle way back when there were only three or four Yelp write ups, but held off reviewing for myself until I got a better feel of what other people had to say. Little did I know that this place would quickly become so popular. Out of those original reviews, two of the highest ratings were issued by a couple of my closer Yelp friends (I don't name drop, so they shall remain anonymous), so I knew it was going to be truly something special.One fine weekday, I had some time off work, and wanted to take my mommy out to lunch. Being indecisive on what place to head for, I remember what my friends had suggested, and she agreed to give QQ Noodle a shot.When we finally found the site, my mom recalled the old restaurant (one of many in the past few years) in this very location, and instantly questioned the feng shui. The dilapidated strip mall is not exactly the most inviting or "Chinesey" of locales, so that instantly threw up a red flag. The "Ghettro PCS" phone store next door doesn't draw in the classiest of patrons either, to say the least.However, once inside, all of that noise was almost nullified, as we were greeted with a warm, clean environ, and well spaced tables. The waitress (the manager, I suppose) approached us with a smile, and allowed us to choose our seats. The time on the clock was 1:30 pm on a Friday afternoon, and the place was only about 1/4 filled. We gave them a pass on this though, since it was still brand spankin' new at the time.Once we found our table, the server plopped down the massive menus, and both my mom and I were almost salivating at what has to be the most visually stunning full sized pics we have ever seen on a restaurant bill of fare. The selection may be limited, but never I have seen such a tempting amount of choices. We finally settled on the braised beef stew with hand pulled noodles, and zha zhang noodles. The two of us were so excited, we could have started a fire with our hands feverishly rubbing together in anticipation.Unfortunately, that's where it all ends. I hate to be the spoiler, but I must take the role of black sheep here because not even a moment after we started devouring our meals, we had to pause to express our thoughts...of UTTER UNDERWHELM-MENT.Don't get me wrong. It wasn't bad, but nothing different than at any of the other places I have eaten these dishes. As a matter of fact, the braised beef noodles tasted very similar to what I used to order at 369 in San Jose and Fremont all the time. Furthermore, by the time we were about halfway through, we were left being the sole patrons in the store.My mom is not the type to hide her displeasure of anything, especially in the form of her trademark facial expressions, and as if by design, the second she stuck out her tongue and rolled her eyes, I noticed the waitress glancing in our direction with a blank stare. Not only was the taste not very spectacular, but before we knew it, both of our bowls were empty! You know how when you normally get to the bottom of a soup bowl, you swirl the chopsticks and spoon around in the hopes of reeling in that next big catch, but noooo... that was it.At a shade less than a buck fiddy, I ain't exactly the biggest cat around, and obviously, together with my mom, being the petite little Chinese woman that she is, we don't have the biggest appetites in the world. We were both left yearning for something more, and not necessarily because it was so great. Quite frankly, for the price of a tad over seven bucks a pop, what you get is rather miniscule.I shall perhaps come back sometime on my own, but as it stands, I give two stars for the food alone, and an extra one for the stellar menus, which do a great job of making everything look better than it actually is. They must have gotten an A+ in Marketing 101 at Ohlone College.Needless to say, my mom hasn't gone out to lunch with me since. I guess it will take awhile for her to forgive me. As for my friends... well, I still love you, but if you come up with another dud... I'm sorry, but my buddy list just might have to decrease in size.       j/k!
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2007,6/29/2007,376,410,6,8,8>Don't let the Wrap scare you! I know, wraps were a crap fad that earned their darwinian fate when they poked their head above ground.  This is not a wrap joint. Nothing wrap about it. It's schwarma and falafel and everything good. Wraps were essentially some douche American marketer's idea to rebrand and co-opt every conceivable cultural food to satisfy trend hungry automatons who want to conveniently drive, talk on their cells, read the paper and have lunch.  So, you who drives by and says, wraps were so 1999, you're missing out, but I don't blame you,  I had the same damn thought. Thankfully, I ventured in one day and here's what I discovered...If you are looking to open up a casual lunch or dinner restaurant, or for that matter any type of business, you could get your MBA by watching the owner work. This guy is incredible at making you smile and want to come back for more. It's simply good service, not overbearing. From the odd free falafels to the fun nag to stay and enjoy yourself instead of running off with your food, he is always on and unbelievably focused on making you happy. A true professional who runs a tight ship and understands what makes for great food and a great atmosphere.  If for nothing else, go in there to see this at work. And it's not just in the shop, I've run into him on the street, and he'll stop, smile and say hello.  The chicken schwarma is my goto lunch when in Palo Alto, you can get it spicy or not. The chicken is so good that you don't need it, but if you like to live dangerously.  The lamb schwarma is nice, although I prefer the chicken. The falafel  plate is also excellent, or the falafel wrap, or a 6'er of falafel for a snack, before your falafel wrap.   About a month ago Med Wraps moved into new digs. Same great schwarma, same great falafel, but more seating and nicer floors.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2007,6/28/2007,281,619,12,7,9>Cheap, terribly tasty, monochromatic Chinese food where you have to guess what the ingredients are in the dish (is that pork belly or taro?).  Note:  it's usually a good idea to order what's scrawled on the colored papers haphazardly stuck to the walls even if you have no idea what it says (it's ok if  you just ordered directions to the bathroom).  My top three of the numerous dishes we tried that night:1.  Big & Succulent Oysters (altho' that's not what they're called on the menu)2.  Garlic Eggplant3.  Arnold G.'s recommended Wok-fried Filet of Rock Cod with Garlic Sauce
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,6/27/2007,70,90,27,16,18>Hold up. Wait a minute.Did I hear someone actually criticize the service and atmosphere at a pho joint?  That's like complaining about the lighting at a crack den.  Or the food at a strip club.  Be for reals, peoples.  Pho places are all about the pho.  No more, no less.  In fact, you can reduce it down even more and say it is all about the broth.  If the broth is wack, I ain't comin' back.I won't claim 54's broth is the healthiest or is made using some time-honored method perfected by my ancestors, but it is flat out good.  I'm pretty sure they sprinkle some cooking crack (MSG) in it, but screw it.  You are getting a complete meal, including veggies and hot tea, for $5 so what's a little MSG gonna hurt?  My brother-in-law was griping about the MSG at this place the other day.  He smokes two packs of Kools every day, but he's concerned about his MSG intake.  Come on.  He should read my review on "People with weak stomachs."Anyways, I literally JUST returned from 54 for lunch.  It was good as always.  Sure, I'm partial to it since I grew up in the Eastside and have gone to Pho 54 since I was a kid.  All that aside, though, this place is just better than all the other pho places in town.  And PLEASE don't tell me about their rice dishes or egg rolls.  That's like going to House of Prime Rib and complaining about the salad you ordered.If you are going to go here, forget about expecting good service, a nice quiet atmosphere or inviting decor.  Just wear your ratty clothes and preferably don't shower, since you WILL smell like a bowl of pho (and possibly half a carton of Marlboros on account of all the smokers outside) when you leave.  Also, be prepared for the Vietnamese music videos (I believe they are the only people in the world who still play Laserdics) to be pumped up to 11.  The good news is the music really drowns out the crying babies.  The bad news is watching the music videos causes most adults to break down crying in agony.When you order your pho, make sure you get the vinegar onions on the side with some extra limes (more on that later).  Also ask for the rare beef on the side, not in your soup.When the soup and rare beef comes, squeeze the juice of two lime wedges onto the beef.  Add a squirt of hot sauce and two dashes of fish sauce.  Mix it up and add some basil and vinegar onions.  Then eat that with your pho.  Don't worry, the lime pretty much kills anything on the beef - not to mention beef can be eaten raw.  If it sounds crazy, don't worry.  Your taste buds will thank me later and you can pat yourself on the back for eating like a true refugee.p.s.: Yes, the original owner was tragically murdered under very suspicious circumstances relating to the restaurant.  But gawd damn I am such a sucker for this place's pho that I can easily overlook the potential cold case so I can enjoy their food.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,5/13/2011,556,284,8,13,10>Maybe because I was driving at night, but it felt like it was kind of located in the cuts.. I thought I had to park on the street, but there's a parking lot right next to the restaurant with a few slots.First time trying cuban foodOMG! the seafood paella... you have to try it!  It was so flavorful..mMmm.. We first started out with the prawn ceviche with fried plantain chips- it was good, but felt like it needed more prawns.  We decided to do a family-style dinner, ordered a bunch of dishes, I forget the names, but one stewed pork, pitchers of fruit sangria- good, you can actually taste the alcohol, fricase de pollo- was tasty, chicken in a tomato sauce with potato and olives, the seafood paella- a must try! and sides of black bean soups with fried bananas.  Finished off with vanilla ice cream dessert with fried bananas, beautifully decorated with blueberries and sprinkles! I would definitely be back to try this place again!
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,5/12/2011,351,376,7,10,7>WOW! this place was delicious!  A bunch of us when out for Desmond C.'s birthday yesterday.  We came in time for happy hour so we were able to order some appetizers at great prices!  We ordered the brushetta (4), mushroom crostinis (4), and scallops (14).  The brushetta was packed with cubed tomatoes and full of flavor.  i LOVED the mushroom crostinis that were topped with a cube of slightly melted brie cheese.  There was a buttery sauce infused in the mushrooms, which made them DELICIOUS!  I also enjoyed the scallops that were perfectly seared, making them still moist and juicy on the inside.  For the main course I ordered the Sizzling Cornish hen with Garlic Rice (14).  At first, I thought the hen was a bit too sweet, but later on my taste buds became accustomed to the sauce.  I liked how the skin was PERFECTLY crispy and wasn't oily at all.  The garlic fried rice was rich in flavor and thankfully, wasn't overwhelmed with that strong garlicy taste. =DThe customer service was wonderful.  He would comment on our choices and recommend us with a few items here and there.  He was very attentive. They even gave our birthday boy FREE ice cream!  wahoo!Great experience and I'm definitely coming back again!
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,5/11/2011,782,197,12,17,13>Sunnyvale has the coolest library ever. Come here to enjoy the ambiance of books and savor the sounds of silence. The DVD section is great and you can easily renew your books online. Movie rentals: Blockbuster: $5, Redbox $1, Library: Free. The Sunnyvale library also includes for no charge: friendly staff, lots of parking, easy checkout, and a slightly creepy bronze statue that may come to life in your nightmares. Something new: The library loans out (free) Kill-A-Watt (KAW) meters. This fun little device tracks the amount of energy used by any appliance in your home. Going "green" has never been easier. Simply plug the KAW meter into a wall socket and plug any appliance into the meter. See what appliances are sucking up your energy. Hint: It's your hairdryer. It's a great tool for teaching kids and spouses to turn off the light.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,5/10/2011,1517,45,14,11,10>Heyyy nowww!!! Finally, a sushi buffet I am very happy with!! WOOOOOOkay compared to this place, SUSHI FACTORY CAN SUCK IT!!!!!!Went here with a few friends for lunch. Kinda skeptic at first. Our waiter and waitress were very nice surprisingly, said we had about 5 ppl and she added 2 tables right away. So nice, I wanted to offer a hand!The lunch menu didn't have that much of a variety of sushi rolls to choose from, but it was good enough to the point where we got to try out a whole bunch! The wait isn't that long either for our food. Pretty satisfied!Also a BIG PLUS would be that they did NOT add a whole bunch of rice like those other idiots do to make you full quicker off rice. They were pretty good with that. The sizes of the sushi were small, but that's a good thing so you can keep ordering more ;DFor 3 of us on the buffet, we ordered 3 full servings of 27 frikken rolls/hand rolls. HOLY CRAP and we were STUFFED... X.x"The servers were very attentive as well, stating the fact that we sat at the end of the restaurant away from the main area and such. My friends kept chugging HELLA coke n they were really good at refilling them like 10 times lol... Plus we got the waiter to take a pic for us. He was hella funny, the first pic ddn workout so he offered to do another, and he had to stand at an awkward-azz pose to take the 2nd one. LOVE IT LOL!Definitely recommend this place... Definitely will come here again!Just get ready to eat so much sushi comes out ur damn ears!!!!! (not really more like pass the f out loll)
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,5/9/2011,59,51,24,27,15>My friend Sarah kept raving about the lady that does her Brazilian wax, and how she doesn't accept gratuities. Being the discount-lovin' Filipino that I am, I kept asking her for the woman's contact info, but she kept forgetting. Finally, I just typed "$39 Brazilian Wax" near "San Jose, CA" in the Yelp search boxes and of course Ted D Bare was the first business featured on the result list. I scanned through most of the reviews and was more than impressed by the consistent 5-star ratings. Everyone basically said the same thing -- this chick talks fast, works fast, and is VERY good at what she does. Well, folks, you didn't lie. This was my first ever Brazilian and I am just naturally shy about my kitty-kat, so when she slapped her hand on the table and told me to hop on, I hesitated for a few moments. I admitted to her that my monthly visitor had come a-knocking a little early (I know, ewwwwww), and wondered if that would make a difference, but she was uber-cool about it, even asking me if I needed a Pon... For some reason, I expected Jane to be some nice older lady, but was pleasantly surprised to see that she is young and chic -- I thought maybe she was about 27 or 28, if that? -- super cute AND unbelievably cool. She's one of those chicks whom, upon first glance at her tiny, petite Asian frame and good looks, kinda makes you want to hate her, but once she starts talking, her "keepin' it real" personality and chillastic vibe instantly puts you at ease, and you think to yourself, "Damn, this chick is cool. I like, wanna hang out with her!" Anyway, back to the waxing. I thought I was going to die of embarrassment over how far she wanted me to spread my legs, but she was just a consummate professional about EVERYTHING (and keep in mind what I'd mentioned earlier about my monthly visitor) -- you'd think we were two girls chatting while having a drink rather than one peeling hair from the other's body. She worked with quick precision and efficiency and I was in and out of there in less than 18 minutes. The waxing hurt like a mofo -- and I screamed as such on several occasions -- but if you've ever gotten a tattoo, then you should be able to withstand the burning discomfort. And while she has surely earned her nickname "Pain Jane," she has also earned herself a loyal -- and repeat -- customer. If I could, I'd give her 100 stars!
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,5/8/2011,125,47,36,15,14>Grand Opening Night featuring RONNIE FROM JERSEY SHORE??Studio 8 was formerly known as Pearl and was renovated with new furnishings. I personally adored Pearl's previous design with the sleek white couches hovered by purple lights rather than these new and "improved" red  lounge sofas. I arrived around 9:40 pm drenched and covered with water from the rain. The facility was half packed which is pretty impressive for a club in San Jose. The female to male ratio was SURPRISING even. No cockfest yay! The crowd was mainly 75% Mexicanos and 25% everyone else. Most of the ladies (considering that most were Mexicanos) had TWO DOUBLE B's (Big Boobies & Big Bootays!). Thank you Ronnie for bringing in these sexy ladies! There were three bar stations: two down stairs and one upstairs. To avoid the lines, my man friend got all our drinks upstairs. The bartender upstairs was friendly, fast, and efficient and my man friend really enjoyed his superb customer service. Lines to the bathroom were ridiculous (maybe 15 ladies long). There were four stalls to accommodate the massive number of ladies with depleted bladders. Security was trying to regulate the bathroom traffic but it seemed as if he was just being squished and trampled by his drunk surroundings. Lines for the bathroom went by quick for me since there were numerous drunk conversations to keep me entertained. Girl in front of me: "My girl, she be tryna get a picture with Ronnie, but he be like HELL NAHH!" Girl behind me: "What?!? Why would Ronnie be doin' that??"Girl in front of me: "I don't know, but my girl be leavin' to the army soon, and he STILL be like HELL NAHH"Girl behind me: "You kno what, girl?! FCUK THAT N*GGA! HE NOTHING BUT A DOG! FCUK THAT N*GGA!!"Multiple girls: "Yeah!! FCUK THAT N*GGA! FCUK THAT N*GGA!! FCUK THAT N*GGA!!"I was amused and entertained throughout my entire stay at Studio 8. Hopefully, Studio 8 will bring success in the near future. Til next time....!
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,5/7/2011,224,712,10,12,10>LOVE.It took me a while to mosey on over to the latest addition to the Zanotto family of stores, WAY too long once I got there and realized what I'd been missing out on all this time. Fail.This place is....Not crowded.Has enough parking.Boasts friendly, helpful staff.And now the good stufff you will find here--be warned, it will give you muffin top. Don't hate the messenger.Marianne's Ice Cream.Treat Ice Cream.Their own Zanotto's brand of ice cream.Kiicks frozen cookie dough to make your own ice cream sandwiches with. YES. It exists. Pre-balled, just dump them on a cookie sheet, bake, and nom away. Chocolate chip. PB. Oatmeal Raisin.La Villa Raviolis. Feta. Cheese. Lobster. Sauce. Fresh french bread.Greenlee's Cinnamon Bread.Barefoot Coffee.Rocky Jr. All natural chickens, rotisserie cooked and perfect for shredding into my kid's quick and easy chicken pot pies.They even sell homemade warm soups, and on the weekends in the summer they grill up amazing tri-tip for sandwiches. You can buy the block of meat, sliced, or have them make it into a tasty lunch for you. Deli and meat section that rivals many specialty markets.We LOVE all the branded items that I don't have to make 5 stops to find elsewhere. Is this place cheap? Heck no. But my time is precious and if I have 30 min, I know I can find what I need here to set us up for the week.LOVE Zanottos...we used to visit the Rosegarden one all the time. Whole Foods may have a few more things that this place doesn't, but you cannot beat the selection here of specialty items with a much more pleasant shopping experience. Adore.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,5/6/2011,405,477,12,16,14>If I had three wishes one of them would be a lifetime supply of nigiri from Yuki Sushi. Yuki is a no-nonsense Japanese restaurant, you aren't going to find fancy rolls or sauces, only fresh sushi where the fish is the star. The soba noodle appetizer is the perfect way to start any meal. They have some of the best udon in the South Bay, my favorite is definitely the beef udon, it's perfect for when you're fighting a cold. My favorite thing about coming here is the nigiri and sashimi, order the nigiri combo ($14.95) and you will feel like Christmas came early.
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,5/5/2011,240,70,17,23,11>Where my obsession with laser hair removal first began. My first time was actually at Blu Cocoon but thanks to Yelp, I found Dr. Le! He is much more affordable and amazing! He also offers low-cost medical care for those without insurance. Anyway, back to my experience with laser hair removal:I've been here for 5 treatments total on 2 areas: My underarms and as Jersey Shore would say it, my cooka. The pain is undoubtably...painful. In fact, the first time I had it done, Dr. Le kept lowering the laser because i said it still hurt until finally he said, "I'm already at the setting for an African-American person!" (The darker you are, the lower the laser has to be so it doesn't burn your skin.) Well, after that, I just had to suck it up.Some tricks I learned to try to dull the pain:-They put topical lidocaine on the areas that are going to be lasered, but I'm very skeptical that this even does anything.-The machine also has cold air coming out to lessen the pain but again, skeptical.-If you have long fingernails, dig them into your palms and concentrate on that pain instead of the laser pain.-Dr. Le said some of his patients just have him turn up the laser all the way to max power (100%), ask for a towel, and bite down as hard as possible.I would not recommend the last option as this must be beyond excruciating. Even at my sixth session, I was only up to 80% power with very few hairs and it was still painful. I know I must be a complete narcissist for having laser done to every part of my body, but I am not to the point of self-mutilation.Some random things worth mentioning:-Dr. Le uses a laser that requires ultrasound jelly to be put on so make sure you wipe all of it off, especially if you get your cooka done.-Dr. Le also makes some facial products, which he let me try for free! (A full set with cleanser, toner, and moisturizer.) He also makes sunscreen and other random things, like these vitamins that are supposed to help with the dark circles under my eyes (another freebie).-His staff is great and I had one of my sessions done by his nurse, who also did a great job.-He used to charge $70 per area but the price increased to $75 last year.-I really want to have my legs done but 1 full leg counts as 3-4 areas and so it would be up to $600 per session (2 legs)!All in all, I would definitely recommend Dr. Le! Unfortunately, with all my histeria in buying laser hair removal deals via Groupon, I have been using those for other areas. I can't wait to be completely hairless...
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,5/4/2011,539,247,9,15,10>I've tried a handful of cheesesteak shops around the south bay and I have to say that Steven's takes the reign.My boss recommended it over St. John's phillies so I knew it had to be good. I called in our orders in advance...a traditional chicken and a chicken works with no mushrooms  and a side of beer battered onion rings for myself.Steven's is located real close to where I work, right off Lawrence in the Taco Bell and Pho Queen Plaza. It took me about 6 minutes to find parking, let me warn you the lot gets pretty packed around 12:30, I guess people love Pho Queen because that place was crackin!The sandwich held pretty well until I brought it back to my cube to devour. The bread is probably the freshest and crispiest I ever experienced with cheesesteaks. I had a real bad experience the last time I carried out a cheesesteak from the Cheesesteak shop in Downtown SJ....all I can say is super wet and soggy! It was a real disappontment. I got a good amount of chicken filling with grilled onions and bellpeppers. I never had a cheesesteak with mayo, mustard, and pickles, all they all added that extra something something, taking my taste buds over the top.The beer battered onion rings were also great, big pieced of soft juicy sweet onion covered in extra crispy seasoned battered.For about $6.50, you can get a pretty decent sized sandwich. I'm saving my other half for later since one half filled me up pretty well with my onion ring fried goodness.I will definitely come back here, sadly my work is moving a little but further away but I would definitely make the trip to satisfy a cheesesteak urge. Plus they're cheese jalapeno fries on display were quite memorable.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,2/14/2011,294,926,8,12,10>Fine spot downtown for an Italian meal and wine. I was worried but didn't experience any of the negatives others seemed to have: service was fine and food was good. Cost to worth it rating: 3 Return worthiness: sure Highlights: - Cioppino: substantial tomato broth mingling with crabmeat and scallops, shrimp, mussels, and clams. I was worried the seafood would be overcooked to make a unfavorable version of the dish, but it was perfect. Bonus for the grilled bread slices for broth dippage. - Wine: Italian wines by the glass in taste, glass, and shareable carafe sizes--love that. Had a wonderful glass of multipulciano our waiter suggested - Chocolate creme brûlée: was desserty goodness but I have to disagree with the naming. It wasn't the texture or size of a typical creme brûlée--more like a full on dense thick rich chocolate coffee infused custard in a mug. Lowlights: - Bread: not as delicious and fresh as I would've hoped looking at those delightful foccacia squares - Chocolate biscotti: again looked enticing, but didn't care for these companions to the creme brûlée I enjoyed my pre-concert meal very much and would return when downtown another time.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2010,2/13/2011,351,376,6,68,50>Great place for some Halaal food!  Stephen D. and I have always wanted to find some tasty Halaal food after venturing in New York and I think we've found a place!  The owner was very nice and welcoming.  We both ordered the plates with rice.  I ordered it with half chicken and half beef which was about $9.  The food was tasty and the spices were incredible!  I even ordered a piece of Baklava and boy was it tasty!  it was perfectly crispy and not super sweet.  They phylo dough was also still crunchy...I would make the trip down there again just to order this delicious dessert.  This place is a must go, if you're into trying Halaal food.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2010,2/12/2011,522,445,8,8,7>After a coworker and my brother raved and raved about this place, we finally went and tried it.  I was never super into Philly Cheese Steaks, but I have nothing against them either.  I don't think I'll ever develop a "craving" for Amato's, but I wouldn't mind coming back again!They serve SUPER GIGANTIC PORTION here.  I couldn't even finish my 7" "shorty".  The two guys I was with both ordered the 12" "half", and neither of them finished!Their fries are amazing!  Golden, VERY HOT fries, very crispy on the outside but the soft inside totally burns, so watch out!When we got five baskets for the three sandwiches that we ordered, I was pretty much shocked.  They were HUGE!  I only finished half of my "shorty".  I got "The Works" with steaks (you can also get them with chicken, which my boyfriend did, and he loved it).  I have to say, the meats that are not inside the sammie were a little dry, but the parts inside the bread, smothered in gooey America cheese = win!  It was a perfect blend of cheese and meat, along with mushrooms, onions and pepppers, overall, decently delicious!It was a satisfying meal, but soon became overwhelming after the first 20 bites.  My jaws got tired from chewing so much food!
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,2/11/2011,534,573,11,14,12>I had to give some serious thought about updating this review. Although I do feel very bad about the experience that Jakob had with Cliff - I have to say that Cliff has always been very honest and did his best to help me with all my automotive repairs in the years that I have been bring my cars  to him for repair. Cliff's rates are less than what you would pay in taking your car to be repaired at the dealership.  He stands by his work - so if you bring your car into his shop, and it's not fixed to your satisfaction, he will do his best.I'll continue to bring my car to Cliff for repairs. As a woman, I find him easy to talk with and he lets me know what needs to be done to keep my car running. I was recently in there for an oil change and asked him if it was time for a tune up - he promptly went to his computer and said to me - "No, we did that in March - at the rate you're going, you won't need service until November." Again, sorry Jakob, for your experience and I do understand your frustration. I've had a lot of good experiences with Cliff - and I trust that it will continue to be that way.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,2/10/2011,1806,1048,8,12,11>They don't make reservations here!  So come prepared to wait or just come early for parking spots also.  The restaurant itself is actually pretty small and cozy.  The owner was a very nice and friendly guy.  He made sure that our party of 8 was going to be accomodated immediately for a booth once the customers finish their meals.  The wait was maybe around 20-25minutes unfortunately in the cold!  They have some of their dishes on a picture menu outside of the restaurant.  At the same time, you will see pictures drawn with crayons by kids posted up on their windows too! Cute!  It is connected to 7 bamboo, the karaoke bar next door.  It is kind of random but the owner told us that they rent their restaurant venue from them!Yes I did see those hapa waiters that everyone mentioned about! Free 6 Banchan side dishes were given!  Fish cakes are always my favorites. Meat Jun- delicious, I was the only one that actually ate alot of it!  You got to eat it with the sauce!  It was my first time eating this meat fried dish.  It reminded me of these egg cakes that Vietnamese have also.( Bot Chien )Bul go gi- It is a smaller serving than usual compared to other korean restaurants but still good! I always still prefer the spicy pork but my boyfriend has this psychological thinking that he hates pork because of pigs. Stonepot #32- I Believe.  It was the tradional one with chicken.  Too many vegetables for me so this wouldn't of been my ideal dish to order!  It was good though but I prefered the kimchi with tofu stonepot one better because it was MORE flavorful.  First time I had this type of korean dish also though!  I loved the burned crispy rice! The pot kept the food very hot for a long time.  Since it was someone's birthday, OB beer and Soju were in order for $5 and $10 the latter.  We were a bit loud at times so I excuse my friends!  Family spot for sure!Complimentary GREEN TEA ICE CREAM with a candle for the birthday boy.  OMG this green tea ice cream was delicious and authentic.  Loved the strong tea flavor in it!!Definitely will come back!
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,2/9/2011,637,212,30,19,16>Oh dear gawd... Why did I have to try this place? Now I feel like those people who have sex on ecstasy, it'll never be the same. Now no bowl of ramen will ever be the same. Ever. Again.Maruichi in Milpitas used to be my quick ramen fix but now I think I have to switch up to Orenchi. The waiters/waitresses have wonderful positive energy. The one waiter that's loud(er) is hilarious. He came up to me bc he saw me taking pictures of the ramen and asked "Are you Yelp this? Prease give us 5-star!" - I chuckled and proceeded to engulf the ramen.I ordered the soyu ramen (soy sauce base) and it was pretty good. I tried some of my boyfriend's tonkastsu ramen (pork base) and I think it tasted better. Both broths were really good. The meats were soft and tasty. The ramen noodles was perfectly cooked and were fresh as hell. And there goes the drool on my keyboard...The service here was great. Our waitress was very patient in explaining any questions we had. The entire restaurant itself is smaller and filled up quickly. My suggestion is that you should arrive early to this hole-in-a-wall spot and enjoy!Ugh, writing this review did not help my hunger at all. Dammit.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,2/8/2011,736,863,11,14,13>Banana Crêpe is such an adorable place! The owners have decorated the place to reflect a playful jungle. There were a bunch of stuffed animal monkeys and gorillas hanging all over the place--this is so appropriate, as the name of the place has the word 'banana' in it and who loves bananas more than monkeys!? It was really hard stepping into the cafe without feeling overwhelmed with excitement. There was a sweet aroma in the air and the elderly lady with her sequined baseball cap was the cutest thing ever! She was so perky and cheerful and it made me very happy to support her. I ordered the banana and strawberry dessert crepe with nutella. The crepe came out fairly quickly and it came with tons of fruit and ice cream. I love how they are not skimpy on the crepe fillings! The crepe itself was very nicely made too. It was not too thick and not too thin. It had a perfect chewiness to it's texture and there was some undetermined sweetness in the crepe. I want to say that it was cinnamon, but I might be wrong. Whatever it was, it was yummy!They also serve coffee, shaved ice, and savory crepes. I will definitely be visiting this place again!
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,2/7/2011,1117,183,9,12,14>Hell yes!  Really that's all there is to say.  I love Korean food, bury some Kimchee in the ground for a month, let it ferment and I am as good as sold!  I never really think of eating Korean unless someone tells me they know of somewhere to go.  I think it's just my lack of knowledge in this area of cuisine that keeps me from it.  I came here, loved it. The scallion pancakes were delicious, the kimchee, though not my favorite (I thought it was store bought...someone can prove me wrong. I welcome it!) was still good I will absolutely be back.  5 stars, I loved it..and I just realized this is my first 5 star review in a while. ;)
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,2/6/2011,224,712,6,8,9>Best chocolate on chocolate cake EVER. Emphasis on EVER.I've eaten a lot of chocolate on chocolate, and Icing never disappoints.Don't need a whole cake? Try their Buttermilk chocolate cake square. It's just the right size for one person to stuff their face with.Oh and their chocolate swirl cupcake? Almost as good as Hostess. Though it does have that ganache topping....hmm jury is still out. But I'd eat it. I do.Spend WAY too much time and money here. Oh and the 6" cake is enough to feed 10. Really.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,2/5/2011,281,327,10,11,8>Last night B decided to surprise me with some fine French dining for my bday!  Warning to the ladies:  more is more... and I'm talking about the length of your skirts here.  Thank goodness my mini dress was equipped with long sleeves- otherwise the death stares I received from several patrons probably would have been accompanied by a full on riot!  We began our meal with the baby green and pear salad.  It was so light and fresh... def the perfect way to start.  I couldn't get enough of the assortment of breads or my iced tea. The tea had a hint of something exotic tasting that kept me reaching for it again and again, even though I knew I'd have trouble falling asleep with all that caffeine! The main courses were amazing to look at and just as exciting to eat.  B ordered the beef and I went with the pork.  The meats were so tender they could be easily cut with a butter knife.  For dessert we shared a Grand Marnier Souffle with fresh berries.  The flavor of the Marnier and the egg were pretty much all I could taste but the light and fluffy texture of the souffle was a nice way to end the meal.Of course the service was top notch from start to finish, although I wish the server had described the dishes again as she was serving them.  The decor is simple and elegant but I did notice that it could use a good cleaning inside.  The wall next to our table had drips and splatters on it!Overall it was a fantastic evening.... great food and even better company!!  ; )
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2009,10/12/2009,534,573,19,20,17>I lived in Milpitas for many years and always loved going to La Milpa for breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's a homey, family run establishment where the prices are reasonable and I've never been served a bad meal. So - why only 3 stars, you ask?I have a few long time friends which I do regular lunch/brunches with every few months or so. We usually meet in the Campbell/San Jose area, but for a change of pace, we decided to meet in Milpitas and chose La Milpa for our lunch gathering.The Sunday lunch crowd with their extended families, restless children and crying babies we part of the crowd this particular afternoon and our waitress was busy bustling about waiting on her area of tables. She was prompt in taking getting us settled and taking our orders. She kept our glasses of water filled - until her last stop at our table...This is where I start to seethe...There were four of us in our party - each of us needing to have our glasses refilled with water. She proceeded to fill the glasses of each one of my friends. When I held my glass up to be filled, she looked at me and announced "No more!"  spun around and walked away.HUH?So - was I supposed to get up and get my own glass of water?I thought she would come back with a full pitcher of water to fill my glass - but the next time she returned was only to place the check at our table and I saw no point of asking for more water since we were about to leave. Maybe I'm getting my panties in a wad, but I did hold my glass up to have her fill my glass, and for her to announce "No more!" instead of, "Sorry, I ran out. I'll get more." didn't make me feel like I was being recognized as being paying customer worthy of good service. La Milpa - I do commend you for your family-like atmosphere and good food, but I think that some of your wait staff needs a course in customer service. I'll be back, but you won't be at the top of my list.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,10/11/2009,866,266,19,9,10>Who would have thought Yelping would promote self-discovery? After reading my last Clover review, I realize I'm just a mean person. Four stars? How could I give perfection four stars? This baby's going to five. It's now officially my favorite bakery.Went to Clover today to pick up some favorites, and specifically to try the strawberry sandwich which I was tempted with previously but passed on. My pulse quickened when I saw there were no strawberry sandwiches in the fridge. A bead of sweat broke out on my forehead. Maybe they have some in the back, I tried to comfort myself.Do you have any strawberry sandwiches?, I asked timidly. They checked. ALL SOLD OUT TODAY. The words hit me like a brick in the face. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was all I could do to get outside before I began crying inconsolably. 15 minutes later, my wife's soothing voice and pats on the back had brought me back. There will be a next time. But when that next time comes, will the strawberry sandwich be there? My anxiety about the answer to that question starts now.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2008,10/10/2009,879,323,19,25,23>The only place in the South Bay where you can get a California Burrito.  What is a California Burrito?  It's a phenomenon that started in San Diego area in which there are french fries in your burrito.   This is similar to the trend that started from the same area of "carne asada fries," where you get meat and nacho-style toppings on your fries.  If you know anyone who spent any time living in the San Diego area, they will rant, rave, and cry about how much they are craving a California Burrito.  My friend swears on California Burritos, and never stops talking about them.  One day, I wanted to do something nice for him, so I searched all over the internet and Yelp, and finally found Cazuela's as a place that was feasibly close enough to me so I could pick this up and surprise my friend.  Anyway, I can't vouch for how Cazuela's burrito compares to San Diego, as I have never had a San Diegan Californa Burrito.  When he tried it, he said it's no where near the same as San Diego, but it at least quieted his craving.  This place uses potatoes, not fries, but he said it's better than not having it all.  In conclusion, if you want a place in the San Jose/South Bay area that serves California Burritos, Cazuela's does.  I'm sure it doesn't compare to SD, but at least they have it, and you don't have to drive an hour or two to Millbrae or Fairfield for it.  For more California Burrito or Carne Asada Fries places, see:  yelp.com/topic/san-jose-
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,10/9/2009,942,253,26,36,32>Since the hubby and I were going to have lunch together today, I went on Yelp to see what's new and Santouka popped up on the hot list.  Reading the reviews made me curious so I mentioned the spot to the hubby and we met at the Mitsuwa Marketplace.Entering the Marketplace, Santouka is on your immediate left when you come in.  Since it's only been open for a week now and we arrived at 1:15PM, I figured the wait would not be too bad.  They did have in place those line dividers that you see in front of movie ticket concessions that keep the crowd organized as you line up for your order.  What was helpful, while waiting for our turn, was the display case with bowls of what is on the menu in the way of ramen and side dishes.  There are a number of individual ramen bowls (sizes-small, regular and large) as well as "combo meals" which comprise of a ramen bowl, small bowl with a whole hard boiled egg that was brown in appearance and your rice bowl selection.  To make matters easy, just remember the number next  to the items you want to order and tell the cashier your choice by number (i.e. #81 and #14).  This was the easy part of the whole process.  Waiting was another issue as there were many folks standing waiting for their order.  It took twenty minutes for our order to come up but the ramen was definitely worth it. The employees call out your number when it's ready so you should be in hearing distance.The hubby ordered the soy sauce ramen, regular size bowl, and I ordered the combo meal of the toroniku salt broth ramen with the roasted pork rice bowl.  Dipping my soup spoon into the broth and tasting it, I was immediately transported to the Japan of my youth!  The first ramen soup I had in Japan was never to be experienced until today folks.  I was elated to find my new fave ramen spot at last!While the food court area in this particular Mitsuwa Marketplace has few choices compared to the Mitsuwas in LA, Miyabitei being the other foodie spot here, the folks cleaning up for the Santouka customers were spot on!  Those workers really hustled by taking the trays away and wiping up the tables for the next customer.  Free cold water, in  a large stainless steel container, is available for customers on a self serve basis.After we savored this delicious ramen, we went to J. sweets (on the right when you enter Mitsuwa) for dessert that was both beautiful to look at and delicious (review on that later).The name of this spot, per the Mitsuwa Marketplace website, is "Santouka" and not "Santoka" as evidenced by the other Yelp review using the same address on Saratoga Avenue.While they do not allow for "take out" you can order your food and ask for a container (large styrofoam) with a lid to take any ramen you don't finish.  I did see some folks put their whole order in two containers to take their order "to go" for a regular sized bowl of ramen, to get around the no "take out" rule...My favorite ramen shop in the US....I'll be going here more often!  One star off for being:  CASH ONLY...
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2008,10/7/2009,234,115,12,16,12>I came across the reviews for Elva's on Yelp about a year ago.  The rave acclaim for her citrus tea alone got me to make an excursion over to the place.  Elva and Frank are some of the nicest business owners I have met.  Even though I haven't been there all that often (strictly due to my over-scheduling) Elva always remembers me and what I like...even though she doesn't know my name.  It is such a warm and inviting place.Now the tea that I originally came for is SO worth it!  Not lemon tea....the citrus tea that is scooped out of a magical jar and mixed with VERY hot water.  Note that this tea does not have caffeine in it and you cannot get the ingredients from Elva because it's "secret"...but I can deal with those things just to get a sip of that delicious beverage.When I came for the tea we were hungry so we tried the BBQ Chicken & Beef Panini. SERIOUSLY?!   This sandwich seems simple enough...some chicken and beef covered in barbeque sauce toasted between 2 slices of lightly buttered bread. I know that is what it is literally but it tastes so much more magical.  It really is something you have to try for yourself.  Their soups made from scratch are must-haves, as well.Now, I should mention that I don't drink coffee...so I can't rate that. (Funny, I know, being that it's a "Coffee Stop."  Many people comment that they'd be afraid to see me with that much caffeine since I'm crazy-hyper as it is.)  Their hot chocolate is outstanding, the citrus tea is amazing and their savory goods are delicious.  All of that plus their superior customer service!  Just go try it out for yourself, k?
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2008,10/6/2009,830,598,15,15,15>I like the intimate dim lighting they have here. Lots of cushioned chairs and couches. I felt a little squished sitting next to Nadia, Rachel, Tetsu in between us three and sipping on some wine. Inside of the lounge was nice, but I prefer the outside patio area. Bathrooms are located downstairs to your right-hand side, which is right before you enter the lounge. The stalls and sinks are all nicely kept and sparkling clean! Plus, you can peep through the glass doors to see their conference room area. Too bad the lights aren't on to get a better look. They have a nice backdrop outside of their patio area, twinkling stars and green leaves that wrapped around like vines on their fountains. Plus, there was plenty of space and tables and chairs...so it's good enough to host a nice little event here. The jazz music was cool to tap your feet against the floor and do a little jive, but I suggest not at this location. The crowd isn't into that type of thing. They just sit there and act "cool" sipping on their wine and cognac. Anyway, they have a good selection of wines and spirits. I would definitely come back here for a drink or two if you have one of those "dates" that you don't really want to converse with and you can "act" like you're feeling them by just nodding your head and enjoying the music.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,10/5/2009,736,972,23,24,23>********SUPPORT THE MOM & POP SHOPS****************Pink Elephant, you remind me of Pink...nevermind. Even with bars on the windows and the adorable sombrero wearing elephant on the sign, I like you. Pan Dulce. Such a staple of any Latin childhood. I was raised with the love of sugar bread, blame my mom.  Even in my adult life, I have vivid memories of learning how to dunk my pan in cafe.  Across all countries and backgrounds, sweet bread is a universal institution.  The Pink Elephant provides all. Conchas, orejas, sugar cookies, fruit filled empanadas, cakes...you  name it they got it, and they will serve it to you with a smile. Thanks to my East San Jose Tour Guide, we entered the doors and headed straight for the counter. I peered through the glass like a newly introduced pan lover would. I think my finger and mouth instinctively turned on.  My eyes lit up and all I could say is "I'll take that one, and that one, and that one...and what's in that..nevermind, i'll take it.  My mom was coming over the following day, and I knew she would appreciate going home with some pan.  Fresh, moist, soft, crumbly, and gooey...yes that about sums up my experience with this bread. Pink Elephant, you are welcome to visit my house any time you desire...just don't forget your sombrero and BOX of sweet treasure. Yes, cash only. Be warned.  Seems like you  must have hard cold cash to get your hands on sugar crack!
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,10/4/2009,967,1207,30,30,30>What time was it.... it had just turned 5pm and I drove my ass over here but I don't care to eat by myself so I made a phone call first...."Hey, what are you doin?"-Nothing... why?"I'm picking you up... I don't want to go to the store alone"..... picks her up and pulls up to the store.....-This isn't a store..."Yeah, well I'm hungry and they sell food, so technically it's a store." ;PI have been on a search for collar.... hamachi, tuna, salmon collar. And here they have two out of three so my luck isn't that bad. So I walked in for the first time with friend in tow and sat ourselves at the sushi bar. Ordered up hamachi and salmon collar / sashimi. On both counts I prefer the hamachi collar and sashimi. I don't know in particular but I just prefer the buttery taste of the hamachi. But either way I could sit there and eat it all day. And she ate some too but preferred the salmon. It's all good, different strokes for different folks. Either way we ordered more orders of the sashimi. But the one thing we did agree on was the large Asahi. It's good. ;D
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2008,10/3/2009,490,412,21,22,17>As Jesse the Body would say, "I'm impressed...and I don't impress easily".  That's exactly what I was thinking when I walked into the newly opened Mexican grocery store Mi Pueblo.This location has been a Lucky supermarket for years.  And for years, I've never seen it this brightly lit, this clean, this...happy!  People actually walked thru the aisles looking happy.You first enter through the produce section, but that's a poor representation of what this place really holds.  Move towards the back, and you'll find the fully stocked bakery department.  I counted SIX different types of tres leches cakes (does that make it diez y ocho leches)?Make a right turn and the culinary Andrew Zimmern in you wakes up.  Pig snouts, ears, tripe, hoofs, organs, etc. are all on display in the clean refrigerated windows.  Continue on and you'll see the seafood department with ingredients for 7 mares, octopus, etc.The best is still to come.  At the end of your tour, stop off at the deli.  Here you'll see the taqueria with the entertaining taco chef tossing tortillas and meats, catching them all and somehow making a taco when they all land in his hand.  Watch it...you'll be amazed.Now if this doesn't impress you, then you truly don't impress easily!
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,10/2/2009,167,346,16,14,13>There is nothing more depressing when you get pregnant than the following: - no martinis- no oysters- no sleeping on your back- no Advil PM- no good drugs periodThe list goes on - finishing out with a decent massage. Cause when was the last time you saw a massage table with a giant hole in it? Never to be flustered - when I go in to see Erin, my mistress of wax, she said that Melissa gives great prenatal massages......so after having the hair ripped form the nether regions, I booked an appointment with Melissa. And I received 10% off for booking while I was there on another app. Melissa did a fabulous job, with the disc it was $71 for an hour of bliss. I mean, it is an blissful as you can get being on your side. But who cares, someone is rubbing me. I should also mention that I was here two weeks prior for an hour long parrafin pedicure - that I swear although it was $60 - was not only the best pedicure but the polish lasted three weeks without a chip!I do love In Spa! But am dying for a real massage on my belly - as my friend pointed out - it is like bad sex......it's still sex.....but it just isnt the same as the real stuff.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,10/14/2010,386,452,15,18,14>After my trip to SoCal and the amazing chorizo breakfast burrito I had there, I have been craving a delicious, cheap but filling breakfast burrito. Finally this weekend I had some time and yelped what was around my area- Cafe Rosalena.When we arrived, I thought the place was really cute! I'm normally on the Alameda picking up pizzas from Papa John's but this place was right down the street and I never noticed it.Breakfast burritos if you get everything as is is $5.00- Not too bad. I on the other hand am a little picky so I got the chorizo burrito with egg whites ($0.95 extra), no cheese but with avocado and the breakfast potatoes. Served with their homemade salsa, when I saw the beautifully crisped burrito I was very happy! The burrito was delicious! Very comparable to the one in So-Cal and it was huge. I also loved the fact that we could sit outside and enjoy the sunshine while eating.Overall, service was good, burrito was yummy, only negative for me was the coffee (Seattle's best). I got the french roast and thought it was very light- meh next time I'll just go down the street and pick up some Starbucks beforehand. Other than that, I'll definitley be back again for the breakfast burrito!
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,10/13/2010,545,312,14,19,21>Finally! After almost 2 years out in the Bay Area, my quest for the "almost" perfect New York pizza has come to an end!I cannot remember how many times I have passed by this store on Stevens Creek Blvd and thinking to myself, "Hmm, that place looks really crowded and popular - must try it!"  As it turned out, it was after a food deprived evening with drinks on a rainy, miserable day in the Row that I stopped by here with fellow Yelper Ed H.And things will never be the same again!!!  I have found my go-to place - now, I'll be a regular here for sure!!!Loved the store - so unpretentious, very businesslike - the perfect example of a pizza store in the city (the real one!!).  Very reminiscent of Ray's or John's - this place has but one purpose and ambition - to cook up and serve good, honest, tasty and inexpensive food.Great store decor - street signs, subway signs, photos of New York landmarks - true mish mash of NY memorabilia and souvenirs - loved it!!!  Parking outside is real tight and crowded - cars parked on curbs and double/triple parked - really recreates the authenticity of NY again LOL!!!I had slice of pepperoni - I really wanted to go authentic and just get a slice of cheese but the pepperoni looked oh so tempting!!!  It was fantastic - served steaming hot - I couldn't wait to fold that slice and eat it after liberally dusting it with crushed red pepper and garlic!!!  Yum!  It was almost as good as being home.  Wait, I must give it the due credit - it was definitely as good as home... no short changing this pie!One slice was all I wanted - one slice was all I needed to convince myself that my two year long quest had ended.  I now have my place where I can go to relive NY - and it was always under my nose!!!  Must thank Ed for finally giving me a reason to go here!~ 4 stars - should be 5 but I'm saving that for a revision - can't equate someone to my favorite NY places so quickly... make them work for that 5th star :)# 172
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2010,10/12/2010,371,117,28,19,18>I have to confess. I am a bit shameful to admit it and the guilt is catching up to me but YES, I LIED to my sister so she can pick me up some food here. To be honest, I was not even hungry but after she mentioned that her bf is going to pick up some La Costa, I 'pretended' like I haven't eaten anything the whole day. Muahaha.. FOOLS. As I predicted, they came back with burritos, 10 tacos, and 3 portions of ceviche. I ate ALL three. Let me remind you again, I WAS NOT even HUNGRY!!!
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2010,10/11/2010,312,467,10,16,13>I just want to give a big 5-STAR review for the Valerio's family for knowing how FILIPINO food and baked goods should taste like!That's right I said it! The Valerio's bakery chain are hidden gems of the Filipino community. When I was younger my parents used to ask our relatives in San Diego to make sure they bring some yummy Valerio's pan de sal up to San Jose as their pasalubong (Tagalog for "souvenir" or "present"). If you haven't been to a Valerio's Bakery before or the smaller more niche V Tropical Bake Shop's you're missing out. They're definitely known for their Pan De Sal. Pan De Sal is usually eaten with cheese or alone. It's sweeter than white bread and is good with EVERYTHING. The V Tropical Bake Shop has some cool and great items you should definitely pick up when you're here. On the main pictures you'll see their Ube and Pineapple Flower bread. They call it Flower because it looks like a blossoming flower. Usually they're all out of this by the afternoon and you can always opt for Ube Pan de Sal or Ube Basket. In my opinion, the Ube Basket is the next best choice because its sweeter than the Pan de Sal. Definitely a winner! Another favorite of mine is their Chicken Empanada, which is like a tiny chicken calzone, but instead with a sweeter bread. On my visit to the bakeshop, I double checked everything in my bag to make sure they got it right. And good thing I did, because instead of Chicken Empanada they put Enseymada in my bag. The big difference is that there's no chicken inside and it's just a sweet bread with sugar and butter on top. Absolutely different, but is also a common mistake since they're practically called the same thing. So just a warning, make sure you ask for the right thing otherwise you'll be disappointed! lolWhat else is good here? Their Hopia! Oh they're so delectable! Very similar to other Asian bean filled puff pastries. Mongo or red bean flavor is the most popular of them all. All the pastries in V Tropical Bake Shop is on the sweet side. Filipinos love sweets, so they will naturally make their food sweeter. I think for starters, a warm plain Pan de Sal will definitely get you hooked. And anything with Ube is a winner. Try doing an Ube Basket to ease your way in, you'll appreciate the sweetness of the bread alone with the interestingly delicious flavor of Ube. Good luck and happy eating!
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,10/10/2010,370,289,12,14,14>Interior Design for a hookah lounge = 5 starsVariety of tobacco = 5 starsFebruary 2010 Yelp 50% off appreciation Month = 5 stars.Bathroom cleanliness = 5 starsFriendliness of staff = 5 starsThat's 25 stars! Do not hesitate to ask for Joe, or any of the other people here.  I am impressed by the tables, couches, lighting, bathroom and cleanliness. I can't wait to come back. Lemon mint was excellent, tasted like a double mint gum.  The apple bowl was even better! The last one I was getting pretty light headed so I couldn't really appreciate its entirety.Thumbs up for Joe and his staff for having giving us such a nice experience.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,10/9/2010,366,998,9,11,9>I'm fighting a food coma right now by writing this review.  Type fingers type!Oh yeah... I took pictures with my 100mm macro lens so that's why I have so many uploaded. =)Famous Dave's BBQ had their grand opening today (9/20/10).  This place was packed!  The wait to be seated was around 15-20 minutes which wasn't bad.  I've never been to a Famous Dave's BBQ restaurant before so I felt like a tourist looking around like crazy at the decor and other people's food.  There was lots of yelling from the employees yelling things like "FEAST! FEAST! FEAST!" or "TWO, FOUR, SIX, EIGHT..." and so on.  Apparently, everybody that comes here is famous (ie. their table announcement "Famous Jim. Party of three. Famous Jill. Party of four.").  Come here and see for yourself.Our waitress gave us a tour of the menu (lots of information that I can't remember).  I ordered the Two-Meat BBQ Combo ($16.99) and chose Beef Brisket and Chopped Pork for my meat selections (media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp).  The BBQ Combos came with a corn bread muffin, corn-on-the-cob, and your choice of two sides.  My two sides were Famous Dave's Mac 'N Cheese (media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp) and Famous Fries (media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp).  My brother ordered the St. Louis Rib-N-Meat BBQ Combo ($17.99) with Beef Brisket (media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp).  His sides were Creamy Coleslaw (media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp) and Garlic Red-Skin Mashed Potatoes (no picture of that since the picture didn't turn out the way I wanted it lol).Later, our waitress gave us a tour of the BBQ sauces at our table (media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp).  I can't remember which is which in the picture for the eyes and nose but everything else I remembered.  I liked the Devil's Spit BBQ sauce the best because it was spicy and made everything taste better than it originally did.  The other BBQ sauces were good too but each suits a different person's taste.  There was the non-spicy BBQ sauce and goes up from there to spicy.My Beef Brisket and Chopped Pork were yummy.  I added the Devil's Spit BBQ sauce of course.  The Famous Fries were alright and the Famous Dave's Mac 'N Cheese was good with a kick.  I think it had peppers in it or something so it was a tiny bit spicy (aka the kick).  The Creamy Coleslaw and Garlic Red-Skin Mashed Potatoes were alright to me.  The corn bread muffin was good but that was the last thing I ate which made me super full. The amount of food I got easily put me in a food coma.  I saw a few people take home their food because they couldn't finish.  Be prepared to do the same unless you can slowly finish everything.  I'll be back to try the other things on the menu.Me = 1Food coma = 0I won! =D
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,10/8/2010,648,170,12,19,16>Continuing my campaign to review every Japanese spot in norcal, or at least the Valley, I have saved the best market for last.  (In my opinion)  A staple of the socal Japanese shopping landscape, I have been shopping at Marukai for as long as I can remember, simply because of the unique items that can be found here as well as a wide selection of organic products, preferred for when I cook Japanese food. Along the right side of the store is a small bakery area, if you haven't had the chance to try Japanese style bread, (wider than American bread, and slightly sweeter) I highly advise a trip for this reason alone.  There is also around the front section of the store an impressive selection of Japanese snacks and sweets, one can easily get involved in a 10-15 minute excursion just finding a good supply of snacks.Two items I have saved for last are the variety of drinks, including beer and sake, that cannot be found in American markets.  The ready to eat foods section includes Bentos (lunch/dinner boxes), all manner of sushi, beef and chicken bowls, and even some comparatively rare items like Okonomiyaki (Pancake) and my personal favorite, Yakisoba Pan (Pan fried noodles inside a bread roll).It goes without saying, I'm here often.  Unlike the stores in socal, the norcal stores are not membership-only, at least not yet, therefore check them out, its worth a visit.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,10/6/2010,164,144,13,18,13>I heard about this speakeasy style bar recently and finally got a chance to check it out. Everything was so different from any other joint in San Jose. As you walk down the stairs into the basement area you can hear their jazzy music playing. The room is dimmed and there are plenty of couches, tables, and chairs; however, there were only a few hard working bartenders providing drinks. These guys are so personable and friendly (while wearing their throwback hats and suspenders). If you don't know what you want to drink, just ask them and they'll be more than glad to describe/recommend one of their hand crafted drinks. On a side note, something I really liked were their cloth coasters (Adorable, right?!). The Bramble- this cocktail was really light and fruity, so it was easy to drink. Using regular ice cubes isn't enough at Singlebarrel, they use crushed ice and actually crush the ice per order :3 And best of all, they placed two fresh raspberries on top. 1944 Mai Thai- stronger than the Bramble, but still sweet. My friend ordered the Moscow Mule and Basil Gimlet which were both really good and worth a try (especially the Basil Gimlet). Pisco Sour- it's funner to watch them make this cocktail than it is to drink it.  They crack open an egg and separate the yolk while the white drips into the flute.  They were using only fresh ingredients to create their drinks so I would imagine all of the other drinks on the menu are just as good in quality. You may not find your typical vodka-Red Bull/ Jack n' coke drink here.  So if that's your only choice of poison, then you might want to stick to the typical bars that San Jose has to offer (and leave their limited space to others).
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,10/5/2010,344,173,8,9,7>Are you looking for a romantic spot to take your girl?A perfect finish might just be what you're looking for because this place is a classy spot where they have a decent selection of wines by glass, flights or bottle and not only that but they've got various desserts and small plates.So we came here on a Wednesday on Martini night and I was glad that the couch in front of the fireplace (fake but still nice) was vacant so we seated ourselves there.  There seemed to be only one person working that night behind that bar but he was quite attentive and started us off with 2 martini's that were well made.  After wetting our lips with those, I decided to get a bottle.  While my first choice wasn't available, the bartender suggested the Cabernet from Firestone vineyards and I was happy with his suggestion.The venue itself isn't large but it has a nice setup and only one flat screen TV and the location is right off 1st across from Koji's and Temple bar.  All in all, a classy spot so if you got a classy girl to match.. bring her here and you might score some points.Van The Man Must Try : Cabernet from the Firestone vineyards while sitting in front of the electric fireplace with your lady.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2009,10/3/2010,854,542,10,15,14>Tuesday.On a random Tuesday night, it can be hard to find something to doaround downtown San Jose. The meatmarket-y clubs are closed and the usual dives are dead. What to do, what to do? Go home?Thank goodness for the gay BFF!!Without her I might have likely overlooked the local gay scene! So it was off to Brix we went...We had hoped initially that there would be some music; with any luck, enough hip-hop or R&B to dance to as we were apt to when we used to come here for Huntress Thursdays under its last namesake, Hunters [yelp.com/biz/hunters-nig.What we walked into instead was karaoke night and $3 drink specials!  As we sat there, first round of Stellas in hand, talented vocalists belted out song after song over the sound system, a wireless microphone moving throughout the bar from singer to singer, lyrics scrolling past on any one of the large flatscreen TVs overhead.  While we went downed kamikaze shots, someone sang a selection from the musical Wicked, causing Esco and I a moment of pause as we awwwww'd the sentiment of the play. And as we sipped down a second round of Stellas we reminisced all we'd done together over John Legend's "Ordinary People".6 drinks and $24(w/tip, cash only bar) later, we were happily faded and had done something fun and different on a Tuesday night. Plus we ended up dancing anyway, just the two of us. That's a win in my book.Saturday.We stopped in just before closing Saturday night after partying it up a little elsewhere.  With just a few changes to the decor (for the better, IMO), it proved to be the same fun, good energy scene it used to be [as Hunters]; full room, lively music, a packed dance floor , a busy bar, friendly bartenders, and beautiful people.  New name.  Same fun place.  We'll be back.__________________________________________________I turned to the bartender, said to her,"There's three of us, we've got exactly $14, what can we get?"  She gigglingly hooked us up with three Jaegers. Friendly service in a down economy? No complaints about that...
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2008,10/29/2008,131,185,36,30,29>Porterhouse steak $60Kobe beef $98Caesar wedge salad $8The reactions of your guests looking at the final tab: PRICELESSI celebrated my birthday here some years ago with some friends and family. It was our first time eating here since the restaurant was fairly new at that time. The service we got was great and the food was excellent! What I truly remember and what I believe most of my friends & family will always remember were the prices. Being that most of them have never been to Alexander's or heard about it, they had expected it to be somewhat of like a Black Angus and they were proved wrong. Even if we enjoyed dinner, some of the guests wouldn't stop talking and joking about the cost to eat here. In the end, we all had a great time and the tab totalled to 1500+ for 12. As soon as we headed out the door, my friends gave me a birthday wish and it was to choose a more reasonably priced restaurant for my birthday the following year. Good times!
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,10/27/2008,902,420,15,17,17>came here with two fly legalese-spittin' korean mamas.  i knew i didn't have to worry about ordering but i wanted to contribute, so i handled the soju ordering which in some places can be quite complex- you know cheoum cheoreom, jinro, chamisul, yo-gu or other flavors...from the twinkle in our ajumah's eyes i can see she was pleased that i knew what i wanted.during the dinner the conversations revolved around topics like patents, litigation, contracts and other type of words that made me evince the aforementioned libation with the purpose of ascertaining my liquid echelon.the space was roomy and seemed to have gone over a recent makeover which was nice and the circulation didn't seem too shabby either...of all the dishes we ordered i was most impressed with the cold arrowroot noodles.i have never experienced eating em before but i was so in the mood for some refreshing slurping enjoyment and i got just that!  prices were also very reasonable  ^_^
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,10/26/2008,449,396,15,21,21>This is the first Japanese restaurant I've been to where I've actually had to take my shoes off.  I was kind of weary of the carpet we were sitting on because I kept wondering how many sweaty feet have walked across it.  Gross thought, right?  And I also made sure that my feet didn't hit the floor under the table, for fear of dirtying my feet.  But then again, I'm so short that my feet didn't even reach the floor!Our party of 5 waited a really long time for a table.  Unfortunately, too many reservations were made for that Saturday night, so we couldn't reserve a table, but we decided to give the place a try anyway.  Our wait time of 30-40 minutes turned into over an hour.  And the wait for food also took a long time.  But the food definitely made up for it.We enjoyed everything from the mushroom risotto croquettes, salmon and salmon roe topped crispy rice balls, crab and mushroom omelette, vegetarian soba noodle soup, kurobuta pork clay pot rice, and unagi fusion pizza.  The stand out items were definitely the omelette, clay pot rice and the amazing unagi and quail egg pizza.  The pizza's crust was merely a pastry crust, thin and baked to crispy perfection.  The flavorful toppings of sauteed mushrooms, bbq unagi and quail eggs definitely weighed the pizza down, but I had no qualms with that.  It was one of the most delicious pizza combinations I've ever tasted.Interesting menu, delicious food and a unique dining environment.  Gochi is definitely a Bay Area gem.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2008,10/25/2008,128,241,14,8,8>I always notice the little things in restaurants.  I think that's just my odd personality.  Like here at Pepper Lunch USA, there are three posters on the walls showing you the locations of Pepper Lunch: South Korea, Japan, and Milpitas, CA (USA).  Cute.  BUT, each poster has a different amount of restaurants: 50, 100, and 250.  Wow, that's what I call expansion.  But only one in the USA?My wife and I went here Saturday night for a late light dinner.  Split the teriyaki beef (with egg, of course), extra beef, extra side of rice, gyoza, and thai iced tea.  Love how you 'cook' your own beef, some prefer their meat well done, others rare.  Me, I'm in the middle.This place is really inexpensive, filling and I would definitely come back to try the other dishes.  As mentioned before, it's not as salty as you may like it, but there are a few seasonings on the table to adjust the flavor accordingly.The reason why we had a late dinner was due to a lot of little home improvement projects.  My wife was redoing the bathroom and caulking the bathtub.  While at the restaurant, she smells her hand, leans over, sticks her hand in my face and asks:"Hey, does my hand smell like caulk?"(ok, so the humor might be lost in text, but just say that out loud)"Ummm... I wouldn't know what that smells like" (me, trying not to giggle too much.  YES, I am immature.)It took her a second, but then she just cracked up,  unlike the new caulk in our bathroom now.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,10/24/2008,193,213,11,11,11>This is my new favorite Filipino restaurant in the area.My sissy and I were soooo impressed to walk into such a higher end Filipino place (we have yet to try Bistro Luneta, so for now this will do) in the San Jose / Milpitas area. It's modern, service is superb, and I love how, despite being modern, they try to incorporate a little old day feel with the Filipino style clothing that the waiters wear.We'll definitely be back.. The prices can be a little high, but I'd rather pay what I do here, than go to some other Filipino places in the area, and all you damned Filipinos know which ones I'm talking about, too-- that have cockroaches running around, and rats stirring your food! Hahaha.. My sisig was pretty good, my sis was happy w/ her tocino, my kids LOVED the pancit bihon and the shanghai.. I also ordered a kare kare (which was a hugeee serving btw) to go, and my grandma and I chowed down happily for the rest of the day. Their aramang wasn't all that great though, but I'll get over it. As if I don't have my own stash at home, right?!? Every kare kare lover HAS to have one.Oh, and I gotta give it to them for not being irritated with my kids, who were both throwing rice and shanghai at the white people sitting beside us, hahaha.. They treated us like family. Not the mean ones that yell at you for everything.. the ones you can't wait to see again ;o)MmmMm, I'm getting fat just thinking about going back.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,10/22/2008,237,131,15,17,16>satura is my anthropologie of all bakeries....all my senses entwined and did what seemed to be like an everlasting dance of love.  this time....without the butterflies and no lip smackin' fireworks.someone should have taken a picture of me when I saw satura cakes from across the street.  my eyes were ever so big and my tongue might as well be tangling with saliva gushing out.  what a pretty sight right?  seriously, only " I " could have fallen in love with myself....as soon as I set foot into the bakery, it felt like I've stepped into a pastry spa.  the spread of delectables included: little cookies, fruity marshmallows, cream puffs, strawberry shortcakes, madeleines, chocolates, cute little mini croissants, danishes, loaves of fruit cakes....my eyes were delightfully feasting.  the aroma of the coffee beans permeating and mingling with the freshly baked pastries, I would love to wake up to this scent every morning.now I know why everyone's raving about satura.  all fives tables inside and two tables outside were fully occupied.  it seemed that for a moment, everyone on the street had a sudden craving for sweets and drifted into this little bakery.  this place fosters a good setting for lovely friendship-cultivating conversations to take place.  a lovely first date location.  or the kind of cute little place, if you could muster up the courage, to propose to the one you want to spend the rest of your life with.  (nothing extravagant, but just as romantic)  you know....the last one you wanna see before you sleep and the first person you wanna see when you open your eyes....(sorry, i'm sort of a sappy romantic) but really, it's the one you wouldn't mind continue cuddling with, even if he/she lays a silent killer bomb on you, under the covers   :peventhough all of the reasonably priced yummies were labeled, I had to "touch" everything that was laid out on the counters.  i have a very bad habit of liking to touch and smell everything.  if I had cooties, the entire store would have been contaminated.  the little pouch of goodies were tied with colorful ribbons and wrapped so nicely - it compels you  to want to  try everything.  so, after having a bowl of bun bo hue and a large cup of sugar cane drink.  just how much more could I squeeze into this little tummy of mine?  (listed in the order of my favorite)-CHOCOLATE TIRAMISU this was my favorite.  a little bit on the rich side, mind blowing, but not  overpowering.-VANILLA CREAM PUFF-GREEN TEA CREAM PUFF both cream puffs tasted really good.  love the texture of the cream and  crust.  without a doubt, the best cream puff I've ever tasted!-MARSHMALLOWS (fruit flavored) not your conventional marshmallows, better!  this was the only item I    didn't eat on the day of.-STRAWBERRY SOUFFLE CHEESECAKE I wasn't too impressed with this one.  it wasn't bad, but it wasn't good    either. satura truly tickled my senses....will you let it tickle yours?saturacakes.com
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,10/21/2008,830,598,21,20,19>Okay, give me a minute here...I'm still recovering from last night. I had a little too much to drink. Zeke Sanchez, the manager for this restaurant was really kind to give Mikey U. and I a taste of their specialized mojitos. We didn't have dinner or anything, but sat at the bar and talked with Zeke about business and what not. I had their Green Tea, Pomegranate, Grapefruit, and a little bit of a taste of Mikey's Blueberry mojito. The Grapefruit mojito was a good mixture that didn't strongly taste too sweet nor anything like a regular mojito, but gave a good hint of the grapefruit flavor. I liked the pomegranate a lot more since the green tea tasted like nothing and the blueberry was too sweet. Mikey knows I have a thing for vodka and noticed they have one of my faves, Effen. I wasn't surprised they have a blueberry effen flavored vodka. Oh so sweet Mikey kindly ordered me a glass on the rocks which I couldn't fully drink. If you're reading this...I was beginning to feel a little bit of a good buzz going on. Everyone...I haven't eaten for the last few days, so my tummy has been sitting on an empty stomach unless you count liquids as food. Hehe. Overall, good experience sitting down and chit-chatting with the manager. I didn't get the chance to take a look at their menu, but I'll definitely come back for more mojitos!Re-Edit: They don't carry happy hour, so that's the -1.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,10/20/2008,674,373,23,18,20>Oh, we're going to a hukilauA huki, huki, huki, huki, hukilauEv'rybody loves a hukilauWhere the laulau is the kau kau at the big luauWe'll throw our nets out into the sea And all the ama ama come-a swimming to me Oh, we're going to a hukilauA huki, huki, huki, huki, hukilauEv'rybody loves a hukilauWhere the laulau is the kau kau at the hukilauWhat a beautiful day for fishingIn the old Hawaiian wayAll the hukilau nets are swishingDown in old Laie BayOh, we're going to a hukilauA huki, huki, huki, huki, hukilauEv'rybody loves a hukilauWhere the laulau is the kau kau at the big luau=====================Hahaha...I first learned how to hula with this song...and performed with Keikis years later at the Great Mall of the Bay Area to promote our Halau.Anyway, I came here for lunch with other fine Yelpers like me (ahem)...Lunch with Beth, Eric, Katrina, Kris, and Noelle....I had the Ahi Poke with small side of rice, macaroni, and spam musubi (this is actually a combo)..the ahi poke is very tasty (love those raw onions) and had a kick to it.  Tasted  the musubi at dinner time (tasted good, too)..tasted Beth's fried rice (awesome)...service is good and the server is super cool...The coolest of all is having lunch with my cool peeps =)
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,10/18/2008,1260,803,20,27,29>The Leonardo Da Vinci Dinners are offered for a limited time on Friday and Saturday evenings.   This is in honor of the Leonardo Da Vinci Exhibit at the San Jose Tech Museum.    I was intrigued by the website's announcement and quickly organized a private engagement with the restaurant management.    The coordination of my requirements was met due to my high expectations.   They had me comfortable over the phone and I was already hoping that I could have reservations for a Yelp Holiday Party.   But that's another story (hint to Connie C).    They were able to accommodate our large party and offer table arrangements that would best suit our group's needs.    Since this was a buffet presentation, they had strategically seated us inches from the dinner items and in the middle of the restaurant.  This gave us an aura of intimacy and attention to the wait staff.  Speaking of wait staff and our friendly restaurant manager (Cheri), they deserve five stars automatically for the attentive services before, during, and after dinner.    Constant plate and silverware replacement is a big plus in my books along with wine and tea presentation.    Our pasta station Chef was hospitable and prepared the pasta to my standings. Dinner Highlights on the Leonardo Da Vinci Dinner:Panzanella SaladSquash and bell peppers are one of favorite vegetables choices.   This was a fresh presentation to get my taste palettes ready before the main courses.    I filled my first bite with splash of red vinegar, lemon, and olive oil that resonates my taste buds.     This scrumptious salad was enough fill me up, but taken lightly I had enough to make a solid judgment that this was a great salad.   Organic - Yes!Ravioli and PastaI was impressed with the tenderness of the ravioli and the melting ricotta cheese.    This wasn't fair because I really wanted to fill my plate with an immense platter of ravioli and penne pasta.  Much like a marathon, I had to pace myself and accept only what I can finish.    Both the ravioli and Penne pasta are cooked fresh and served directly onto your plate.    The sauces are self serving giving you the freedom to create your pasta dish to your liking.   On this night, I choose the creamy and delicious Alfredo sauce.Roast Leg of LambGamey and succulent with the rich herbs of garlic and rosemary!   The lamb alone will send my waistline to the depths of hell.   And with the all you can eat factor, the slices of the roasted lamb leg was inevitable.    The natural game oil was enough to send me back to the Chef a few times....okay...  numerous times.   Since I had a major running event this coming Sunday, I told myself... I can get a few more in because I'm going to working it off.   I was so wrong.   Even now as I write this review, I'm salivating on the keyboard.Pine Nut & Pear TartThis is where I heart the tart!    With freshly brewed coffee as its partner, I had put my busy week behind me.     Filled with the richness of nuts, pear, brown sugar, and cinnamon, this was my favorite healthy dessert to end our grand dinner experience.    Although I would have loved to see some cool whip on top, I'll spare them a star.Dinner engagement date:  10/03/2008I thank all my guests that attended this exclusive dinner.    And a big thank you to Cheri and Fountain Restaurant for this experience.    I look forward to another visit and hopefully as an intimate setting for two people only.--------------------------------------------------­-------------------------------------------------First Time Dining Notes:- Parking is $6.00 at the Fairmout Plaza Garage (underneath the Knight Ridder building).  Safe. Secure. Walking distance is: Two minutes from the elevator.  Unfortunately, the restaurant does not validate.  MINUS ONE STAR!- Reservations are recommended.   Since this dinner engagement is new, I can anticipate the popularity to grow quickly.- The Fountain Restaurant is facing on the south side of the San Jose Museum of Art.  (Not inside the Fairmount).- Attire:  Dress up as in Smart Casual.   Wearing a tie, suit, or a dinner shirt for the ladies is a big plus. PS:   This is a limited dinner engagement - Starting Saturday September 27th, 2008 until January 3rd, 2009.    Dinners will be hosted every Friday & Saturdayfairmont.com/sanjose/GueYelp HQ Hints:   Its time for the South Bay to have their own Holiday Party this year.   I say we should host it here in December for Silicon Valley!--------------------------------------------------­-------------------------------------------------Next Walter P Review:  A Special Yelp Shout Out to one of our SBC's.   Stay tuned!
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2008,10/16/2008,854,542,24,24,25>The place has a lot of potential; a great location, a good decor, a decent beer and wine bar, hospitable staff, and possibly a decent menu offering, but for casual, spur of the moment, grab-and-go eats, the slice(s) did nothing for me...The rich and warm color scheme, earthy wall and floor textures, coupled with quality furnishings and cushy booths would befit a decent Italian Ristorante, and makes Rosie's one of the nicer Pizzerias around with an upscale atmosphere and design.  There's actually very little New York-y ornamentation, which, though not that important, makes the name just a name.The bar (surprise! surprise!  mikey drinks?!) is a nice touch!!  The sleekly surfaced bar accommodates just a handful of patrons, keeping them entertained with a 42"+ flatscreen teevee, about 4 taps (I had the GB Marzen), 5 bottled brews, and a stock of unimpressive wines... and soju.  Yes, Ku Soju.  The affordable beer prices bump this place up on my list of pizza joints... if I had a list of pizza joints.. which I don't.. yet.The menu (pictured above, thanks, Mara!) looks to have a smattering of dishes other than pizza, some of which sound appetizing...  I just may have to return to try out some other things... But the pricetags for some of these items, pizza in particular, seem a bit high...Food.  I want to like this place, but I can't.  I ordered two slices (the pepperoni and the combo).  Both got nicely crispy in the oven, the way I likes it, but biting into them... nothing.  A bit heavy with cheese (some may like that), and the pepperoni had no savoriness, but most lacking was any potent tangy tomato sauce or spices.  Just bread and cheese.Maybe by-the-slice isn't their forte.A-OK for now... I'll give it another looksee sometime.________________________________________OOOOH, but the cutiehoney who smilingly greeted me and took my order?  The one who looks like a young Vanessa Ferlito and sounds like Marissa Tomei (a la "My Cousin Vinny")?  YUMMM!  She's saucy!!!  Me likes!!!
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2007,5/22/2007,150,151,2,7,4>What did we do to deserve such an awesome cafe in our very own downtown RWC???I have been looking forward to the opening of this cafe for several months, partly because "Pamplemousse" has long been one of my favorite French words, and partly because who doesn't love a French bakery?  I was so excited today when I drove by and noticed that it was finally up and running.  Happily,  this petit cafe did not disappoint. The interior had been beautifully remodeled to evoke a warm and inviting "why don't you sit and stay a while?" feeling.  And the owner and the staff all seem super helpful and  friendly.They offered many lunch options, salads, soups, pressed sandwiches, etc, along with the breakfast/pastry fare.  But right next to those items, there is a display case containing the most amazing, decadent-looking, dessert concoctions.  SO against my better judgment, and self-control, I chose to forgo lunch and go straight for the sugar.  I picked out the caramelized banana/ milk chocolate mousse cake, and it was so flavorful, fruity and creamy that I couldn't bear to share it.  I'm so ashamed.  I also tried one of their vegan chocolate cakes, just out of curiosity, and that was pretty tasty, as well.  And the best part about that particular treat: low sugar, low fat, all good.  It just about made me want to be a better person.Oh, and did I mention the coffee?  Awesome latte-making skills here.  Perfect foam, perfect espresso, perfect flavor.  Perfect!  And you know what goes great with the latte?  Their ham/cheese croissant....it was unbelievably yummy. (Yes, it's true, I visited the cafe two days in  row)The downside?  A couple more visits to this place and I may actually have to start using my gym membership again!!!Note:  Not even an hour after I sheepishly devoured my piece of cake, my co-workers brought another three slices back to the office for everyone to try...and, of course, in the name of research, I forced myself to have a couple of fork-fulls.  We sampled the tart cherry/ dark chocolate mousse cake, the white choc./ milk choc/ dark choc. mousse cake and the tiramisu.  I honestly couldn't pick a favorite, until I went back the next day to pick up some special desserts for dinner and now I think the strawberry milles feuilles is going to be my new dessert obsession.  I really am in big trouble.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2007,5/21/2007,151,96,2,8,9>Whenever I visit Main Street in Half Moon Bay - I have to stop in.  I ain't no earth-mama, but their rocks are so damn cool!  They're not real rocks, mind you - but some creation of glass and heat...maybe a little magic thrown in?  Who knows.  You pay for em' by the pound - so they can get up there in price.  I've been planning on stacking them with a light below to make some way cool lamp - but at this rate it'll take me 5 years and over 500 bucks to get the desired effect.  The rocks are piled high outside (on the ground), mixed in with smashed dishes and glasses (also sold by the pound for mosaic-making).  It's fun to go hunting for the perfect ones - I've spent hours doing so.  Beware of sharp edges: you're literally walking on mounds of rocks and glass shards - do not be foolish and wear sandals.The antique bits are inside - pretty cool, but a bit pricey.  If you're lucky you'll see their friendly house cat  (he apparently is not for sale)
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2007,5/20/2007,37,66,7,,6>An Ode to Oakville Grocery:For you I braved the shopping mallAnd the hills of North Beach (all very tall)When near I can't but heed your callOver my life your absence casts a pallOh turkey with pesto liberally appliedOn rosemary focaccia grilled not friedOther sandwiches I hardly ever triedTheir inferiority I simply can't abideUntil grilled chicken with pancettaWhich I dare to say might be even betterThe cheese melted precisely to the letterAnd crisp baguette crumbs falling on my sweaterBut wait the tomato and four cheesesThat melted medley always pleasesA quick addition that weakens the knees is:Grilled onion and bacon, time all but freezes.Dear Oakville you have spoiled meA comparable sandwich I might never seeIn this vast city of bagels and ryeMy remembrance of you might wither and dieThough in fact that might be my only hopeOtherwise I'm doomed to grumble and mope.Oakville Grocery: inspiring poor poetry and cheese consumption Bay Area wide.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2007,5/19/2007,573,456,13,9,7>Jack In The Box.  Why?  Because you're WORTH IT!  Jack, I love you for getting my order right!  I know I just ordered a Sirloin Steak Ciabatta on Sour Dough (not Ciabatta) and without giving any attitude, your guy repeated "Sirloin Steak on Sour Dough".  Yeah, I said "with fries" and your guy confirmed with "curly or regular" - yeah baby, thanks for checking.  I know I had a few other little tweaks to my order and a part of me was freaking inside that you would get it wrong...but nope, you got it RIGHT!  You always get it right!  BOO-YAH!Oh yes, I just drove home eating your hot fries...mmm.I love you Jack.  You make my belly smile.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2007,5/17/2007,410,212,1,8,9>I'm apprehensive about ordering food in general, but particularly more so when having Indian cuisine, so everything is pretty much up to my BF.  In addition to being diffident about ordering, i'm not great at paying attention either, so I think he ordered a meal of chicken tikka masala and onion naan.  No complaints from me :D Keep in mind that the front ordering area is cute and clean, but once you actually sit down and eat you will notice the floors are somewhat sticky and the tables are slightly dirty.The staff working here consists of teenagers/college students and you can guess as to how enthusiastic they are about working here ;P  There are a 2 public parking lots nearby and if you are taking the light rail, the station you would want to get off at is "Paseo de San Antonio."
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2007,5/16/2007,55,57,9,6,9>RM: Yo, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really want!Art: So tell me what you want, what you really really want,??RM: I'll tell you what I want, what I really really want!!Art: So tell me what you want, what you really really want?!?!RM: I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna really really really wanna eat sushi ahhh zigazig ha =PI had to do a spice song because the best item here for me are the spicy tuna rolls. Best I've tasted anywhere in the Bay Area - and I've tried them at all sushi places I've dined in. Their unagi rolls are also divine. The best deal is ordering a dinner combination. I'll usually do the chicken teriyaki and sukiyaki combo. This is easily 2-3 meals in one for under $20. You also get miso soup and salad with the dinners. Out of all the cuisines, Japanese is my hands down favorite. If Art didn't like sushi, I don't think we would be going out. Once we found out that we had this addiction in common(among many), it was the start of a beautiful friendship and relationship! ;-)
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2007,5/15/2007,238,397,3,7,6>Affectionally known amongst friends as "The Gru", this place was a frequent hot spot for me back in my South Bay days.It looks like a hole in the wall, except it's a drive through....imagine a Weinerschnitzel type place (walk up window and drive through) but with Mexican food.Their chicken tacos are great.  Simple with chicken, cilantro and onions.  Their salsa verde is kick ass.  I've had their burritos and they are massive and delicious!Sure, tacos when you're drunk are always better...but it's a good place to stop pre and post party.  Close to downtown San Jose, so very convenient!
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2007,5/14/2007,148,125,1,9,9>Definitely very interesting and delicious Kyoto style Japanese food. The decor of the restaurant is simple and inviting. The menu is very different from the usual sushi restaurants. The flavors and preparation methods under each category on the menu are distinctly different. Thus it is good to share the dishes family style with a few friends. My favorite thing was the grilled cod - so flaky and tasty!  The young fish in a pie (I am sure it sounded a lot better in Japanese) was nicely presented and delicious. The beef tongue stew, according to my dining companions, was tender. We also had a few other dishes - duck, soup, potatoes. They were pretty unique. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that I didn't like their desserts. The rice tofu cakes in sweet sauce sounded intriguing, yet it had a savory undertone (kind of like honey with a hint of soy sauce). I guess I am not those who like a cheese plate after a meal. I like to end my meal with something sweet.  On our way out, we saw a group of Japanese business men dining there with Satura cake boxes on the table . They probably ended their meal on a nice, sweet note. I certainly want to go back to try the other categories on the menu, such as the different flavored rice balls in dashi, cold tapas and seared sashimi, but I will skip desserts next time.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2007,5/13/2007,235,418,6,7,8>I like tech even though I can't figure out what's wrong with my non - wifi signal catching thinkpad...  I do love tech..  I.. do... LOVE.... tech!!!!this particular place..  there are lots of memories..  made a line w/ friends to get PSP, World of Warcraft, and several other games in the middle of night (oh, yeah!! I was one of them..)..  searched all kinds of cameras, computer monitors, MP3..  grabbed CDs, DVDs...  and enjoyed sugary snacks, informational magazines...it's like... lovely unforgettable rememberance with Macy's or Bloomingdale's...  it's.. like... that....
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2007,5/11/2007,111,262,4,11,8>Damn.  Just damn.  This place is awesome.  They do damn near everything right.  We came here to evaluate them as a caterer for a friend's wedding.  For $50, they'll present you with hors d'oeuvres, appetizers, salads, soups, main dishes, and desserts.  Yes, everything.  It's quite the deal.  Let's run through it course by course.Hors D'oeuvres:  Excellent.  The portions are small (as one would expect), but the flavors are all very strong, so they're best enjoyed in small quantities.  I'd recommend the vegetable and goat cheese medley, the crab cake, and puff pastry with dill cream and cherry tomatoes.Appetizers: One word -- scallops.  These guys know how to prepare scallops just right.  Gently seared and paired with flavors that compliment the subtle taste and texture of shellfish.  You MUST try this.Soups and Salads: Le Papillon has their own take on common soups, as well as interesting creations all their own.  That evening, they had mushroom, lobster bisque, sweet pea, and chicken curry soups.  I'd strongly recommend the sweet pea.  It's a simple concept, but very well executed.  The chicken curry was also a nice runner up.Main Dishes: They presented pairings for us to choose from -- more than I can remember.  They do beef, fish, and fowl.  I remember seeing fillet mignon, quail, duck, salmon, halibut, and lamb.  The lamb was, by far, my favorite.  It was prepared as all lamb should be -- perfectly seared.  I would avoid the fish; it's not their speciality, to say the least.Dessert: A sampler of petits fours, consisting of blueberry cheesecake, macaroons, butter toffee, chocolate brownies, and various truffles. They're French.  It's dessert.  You know it's going to be awesome.Yes, all that for $50.  It was a pleasure dining here.  I can't wait to do it again.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2008,3/10/2009,669,1022,13,19,16>A Vietnamese foodie friend told me that she thought Pho was overrated, and she much preferred Bun Bo Hue (Boon-bo-way). I, on the other hand, never really cared for Bun Bo Hue since I loved the deep beefy flavor of Pho so much. The times I've tried it hadn't impressed me... Until now.This is BY FAR the best Bun Bo Hue I've had. I might even go as far as to say, this is the best Vietnamese soup I've had (in a while, at least). The broth, the ingredients, even the bowls in this place are a notch above the rest. The decor isn't too shabby either.Other BBH broths always seemed to lack that punch or tasted unbalanced.  The broth here was full of lemongrass aroma and flavor, a subtle essence of fish sauce, with plenty of pepper kick and a trace of chili oil floating on top.  Just like Pho Kim Long, no watered down broths here.Most places cook the shit out of pork slices so what you get is tough pork, devoid of any flavor and moisture.  Not here though.  The pork was a relevation, so full of porky flavor, I wish I could order the soup with pork only! I guess it wouldn't be called Bun Bo (beef) Hue then huh? The other ingredients were good too though, don't get me wrong. There was quite a generous serving of beef, maybe 3 pieces of tendon, a couple peppery pork cakes, a cube of pork blood... wait let's talk about the pork blood. This is the first time I've had pork blood with flavor. It's always been bland as if they've been overcooked, here it had a reddish tinge inside like it was medium rare or somethin.  Sounds gross but I liked it.The noodles were the round vermicelli ones, perfect for the soup, and perfect for slurping.  The soup came with a plate of julienned cabbage and banana blossoms, sprouts, lime, and mint. Now I've never had this soup with mint, and boy did the mint complement the broth.The only condiments on the table are pepper and fish sauce. A bold statement, but the soup literally needs nothing. I didn't even squeeze the lime in until the end, when I wanted to taste how it changed the flavor.The place is packed and with Pho Ga An Nam next door, the parking lot is literally overflowing at peak hours, a testament to the goodness inside the two establishments.San Jose continues to impress me.  Who needs mixed use districts and efficient public transportation when you have Vietnamese food as good as this? Ok, not the best argument but just go and eat here now.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2009,3/9/2009,589,848,13,16,16>The restaurant would have befit the poshier downtown Menlo Park, yet Ocean Blue Sushi Club, with modern and minimalistic decor and fancy food presentation finds itself in a desolate strip mall.  But then again, so was Tanto and Gochi - it may be the curse that all south bay Japanese izakaya restaurants are unable to dispel.The food itself, however, was rather disappointing after all the hypes caused by (1) the decor and (2) my staff's raves who, on the day that I was not on site, took the liberty to go to this restaurant and have a mini O.W.L (one-way lunch).  First - tofu island.  A little round cake of white tofu, avocado pieces, and spicy tuna.  It was a weird combo - in itself and combined.  Either that, or my taste isn't advanced enough to appreciate the delight that this dish has to offer.  Then - the salmon sashimi.  While it could be cut better (it came, literally, in huge blocks of salmon), it was nice, soft and buttery.  Lastly - the rolls, which were not the best, but still were decent.  The crunch roll was a lot of fun to eat - the abundant tempura crumbs were deliciously (and deceivingly) light.  Will I go back? Maybe.  If the $20-per-person-at-Tanto-vs-$40-per-person-at-­Ocean-Blue doesn't deter me from making future visits.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,3/8/2009,64,37,13,13,13>I'm in love with Deepa...!! This woman has talent :) My brows have NEVER looked this good - and honestly, I didn't know they had this awesome shape in them!!It was my first time threading... I've gotten my brows waxed before and I always end up looking surprised or a patch is missing. But Deepa showed me where my problem spots were and which little areas she's leaving to let grow. So sweet, and her hands definitely did not smell like mildewed oranges (as indicated by Laila B.'s review below - I was expecting it to after reading that).I almost cried with joy when she showed me the results. DEFINITELY coming back and bringing all my friends :)Yay, Deepa - thank you so much!! See you in 2 weeks!!
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2008,3/7/2009,132,237,14,16,14>the museum is very small in itself. very nicely located on the main street for capitola. located next to capitola city hall, fire house and a cool antique shop a few strides away. no street side parking, however, best place to park for this museum and capitola period is the parking for city hall. there's a one-way lane that slightly goes uphill, off of capitola ave. go there. free parking is good for 12 hours - do what ya like for 12 hours!!! the beach and what-not is not even a 1/4 mile away!i know, i digress...this small museum currently has the "welcome to the hotel capitola" exhibit on display. very well documented with very old photos and short stories on the history of capitola and how it began to be a resort... it's a great exhibit and a must see if you're a history buff.taken from their site:The Capitola Historical Museum maintains extensive collections of photographs and artifacts related to Capitola's history, and offers changing exhibits on the history and art of the area, as well as on special seasonal and topical themes. Museum grounds now include a reconstructed cottage from the era of the early 20th century beach resort. Restoration of a wash house is a new, ongoing Museum project. Come visit us!when in capitola...
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2008,3/5/2009,44,61,14,13,8>This review is coming from a yoga virgin - and what a way to start yoga, right? A pal suggested trying the 1 week pass for $25 bucks...I mean, c'mon, me?  Besides being a germophobe, I can't even stand 90+degree weather.  And now you want me to excercise in  a room the same temperature as my armpit?  ...usually I would say "nah...pass" but for some reason I had a "why not?" moment that day.  So there I was sitting on Norman Ave nervous as hell because it had everything I hate - germs, heat, body funk, excercise - but I didn't drive away.  Was the studio smelly? yes!  Were there smelly people? of course!  Someone even let out a big ol fart in the middle of the class!  But I must say, I enjoyed it.  The instructor was really nice and hospitable to first-timers.  It took me 2 days to admit that I enjoyed it, but I enjoyed it.  If you just clear your head from all the garbage of worries and live in the moment, you do zone out and get into it.  Now I have no basis for comparison, but from my first time experience, I recommend it.  It's at least worth a try!  PS. Bring your own mat and 1L ice cold water!
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2008,3/4/2009,147,287,21,14,16>It's been elevated. Because of a beautiful Polish waitress who talked to me about football (that's REAL football. REAL football. Not your silly American version, REAL football) while bringing me bottles of Drake's Imperial Stout, and pints of Young's Double Chocolate. (Insert wistful sigh here.)If only she weren't engaged, I wasn't married, and didn't have a face like a smacked arse, we'd be together now...(Repeat wistful sigh.)
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,3/3/2009,564,356,16,17,18>I have changed my mind - I now OFFICIALLY love this place! Chloe and I came here last night before we were to meet up with the Boys (thanks again for the drinks!) for dinner and girl talk. The place was packed when we came in but luckily, out of the miracle of God, there was two empty seats at the bar. The bartender quickly cleaned up our spot and asked us for our drinks.. "Dirty Martini, baby, and my companion will have a Jack and Coke - DOUBLE"  - haha - Okay so it wasn't really like that....We ended up choosing the Hot and Spicy Chicken, Pesto Veggie Flat Bread and the Fried Zucchini. Everything was sensational! Our favorite was the fried zucchini - it came with a side of ranch and a green colored aioli - Fantastic! The chicken was good nicely and we both enjoyed the sauce it came with.Our bartender/server was great - I can't remember his name - darn it! He was very attentive and took good care of us - This is our new spot!
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2009,3/1/2009,490,412,16,22,21>After eating at many Malaysian restaurants around the Bay Area and in Malaysia, I've come to two conclusions:  it's hard to mess up Roti, and get to Banana Leaf early.The only day to come here and not see a line is well....never.  For the price and food quality, it's hard to beat Banana Leaf, but only if you can be fortunate to get a table.  I've seen people eating outside in a drizzle under the heat lamps; it's that popular.  Once you do go inside, don't expect a nice quiet place with atmosphere.  I was in on every word of the conversation on the next table; that's how close you are.  If you've got business to discuss, go elsewhere, but if you're just after food, you've found the right spot.Go for the Rendang Beef, curries, and Chili Prawns.  Stay away from the small portions of Mango dishes (prawns, chicken) and soggy Poh Piah.  For the adventurous, try the Belachan Kangkong or Laksa soups.  Overall an A-OK experience, I'll be back only if I can get there early.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,2/28/2009,830,598,18,20,20>I do NOT do karaoke. I repeat...I do NOT. However, I will move my lil' tush and sway to the music. I came here to toast to Joanne "I CUT HAIR" V.'s birthday bash. There were many yelpers crowded off to one corner and the rest of the room was taken by Joanne's other entourage. I had a blast! Junel and I secretly whispered funny lines and yelled out...I want to rock and roll all night!!! I did for a little bit. I kept myself from downing anymore vodka tonics. Instead, I had an Amstel light (thank you Ed H.), Midori sours, and raging red bulls. Yum! After my last one, I kept myself low-key. I don't know if I'll ever have the guts to step up to the mic and start singing...rap or emo songs, but I'll definitely come back for more fun and laughs with a bunch of great people!
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,2/27/2009,109,213,21,21,21>my first review of 2009. 3.75 stars rounding up to 4, just because we got hooked up. :)here's the story. my guy and i went to 99 chicken for our late night eats. the line backed out the door. i love the chicken, love the owners, but i don't like lines. so we grabbed a cup of hot tea and left. :)got on my new bestfriend name iPhone. checked out surrounding Korean restaurants on Yelp and i stumbled on a cute name that i can pronounce. Tobang it is. i'm sure they open late, lots of Korean joints open late for dinner. i call them up just to be sure. they close at midnight. :)waitress greets us with a smile, she speaks great English too. :)after skimming through a few 4-5 stars reviews on Yelp, i figure i'll order the family combination order #1, without the soju. don't feel like drinking when it's cold out. feeds 2 people for $40....but i can say that it'll easily feed 3-4 people, seriously.  :)banchan dishes came out first. they don't look all that appealing considering other places offered me better banchan dishes. not that many dishes either. then came the heaping meat platter of beef and pork belly. they threw in some pieces of marinaded ribeye, "on the house." sweet! :) as the meat are being grilled at the table, they brought some type of egg soup which was good except for the slightly burnt bottom that gives off the burnt and bitter taste. gave us a bowl of squid to grill, i stared at it because i don't remember it being on the menu...she said it's "on the house"...at this point, i'm wondering why...is my yelp t-shirt that obvious? i'm wearing a sweater on top of it though. then came the very hot kimchee soup, just what my freezing soul needs. :) while enjoying our food, they brought the cold noodles. WHAT? more food? we're so stuffed already, but it's okay, we can still eat. :) after a while, 2 men came in and sat down at the table next to us, they ordered a similar combo with soju...so the waitress brought out their banchans and a plate of FISH. i glanced over, then glanced back...aren't we supposed to have fish too? wasn't that on the menu as well? that's strange. though we're almost done eating and very stuffed. the waitress brought our fried fish. she said it's "on the house"....thanks, nice of you to hook us up. :) overall, i've had a nice experience at this place. i might come back again with friends to share the experience with. as for myself, i know i can put this meal together at home. :)
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,3/6/2012,2053,795,10,15,9>After 9 months of living in Bay...I've finally found a nail salon that's worth coming back again and again and again. I was lost at first trying to find this place and didn't realize it was connected to Head 2 Toe Salon on Camden.I made my 1st appointment for a mani/pedi since it was only $25 like most other salons with their "grand opening" deals.They have a huge selection of O.P.I. and other nail colors. I like that they categorize them by colors so you can easily take your pick when you walk in.There are only 2 ladies working here for nails, Tracy and Hoa aka Flower.Flower literally gave me one of the best mani/pedi's I've ever had. Why the best you say? The LONG, relaxing massage. I've never been to a nail salon that spent most of their time massaging your arms, shoulders, neck and upper back and legs of course while you sip on complimentary tea/water. On top of that the paraffin wax they use on your hands and feet after the massage is included in the price!! Amazing I tell ya.Tracy is really creative with nail artwork as well. And she's probably the happiest and most interactive nail lady I've ever met.They always seem to be booked back to back, especially Tracy for waxing and nails. So I'd suggest booking your appointment over the phone.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,3/5/2012,285,153,8,8,11>A friend of mine recommended this cute little store to me a few months back, why did I wait so long to finally check this place out?? LOVE this place.I grew up getting stuffed with all kinds of tasty Armenian delights every summer at my grandparents' house in Fresno, CA where there is a large Armenian community and a ton of little Armenian shops and restaurants. Generally, the only time I find decent Armenian food in the Bay Area is when local churches have their once yearly festivals in the fall. Can't tell you how stoked I am to have this place so close to my home!So this place features an interesting mishmash of Middle Eastern, Turkish, Greek and Eastern European foods. When they say International Food Bazaar, they ain't kiddin'! I found two things that I truly love here - fresh baked Gata cookies and an odd Armenian treat called roejeeg. Gata is a sweet pastry, kind of coffee cake meets biscotti. Rojeeg is a confection made from grape juice and walnuts and the guy has a huge stack of them right next to the cash register. The guy at the register told me they have both of these items delivered straight from Fresno of course! (good to know Fresno's actually good for something!)I also found a really nice selection of hummus in the cold section and a ton of fresh pita and lavash from various bakeries. I'm guessing the owners are Muslim, I didn't see any alcohol on the shelves. If I could get some vodka with my kebabs this place would be 5 star worthy for sure.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,3/4/2012,282,253,12,12,10>The year was 2004 ... do you remember there was once upon a time where money was flowing and home prices were skyrocketing? "Yeah" -- I told myself ... "looks like a great time to buy a house." So Nicki comes into the picture, and somehow puts all my fears at ease ... (keep in mind I'm a neurotic mess in my relaxed, sleeping state.)So ~ we start looking. Remember what year it was? Yeah, this was during a time of bidding wars, backstabbing, and random crying babies, and feeling like I'm in a game show because we were racing to locations to throw in a bid before it sold out from underneath me.Months go by ... I'm exhausted. I would bid on a place and it would sell for 100K over the asking price. What the ...? I told Nicki I wanted to give up, and she would reassure me. "This wasn't the house for you, and I want to make sure we stay within your budget. So hang in there, we can do this." It is now 2005, and I was ready to throw in the towel. We come up with a new cover letter, with a cute picture of me looking quite angelic in there, I swear I think there was even a bunny in it to ramp up the cuteness.Months later, I finally find the perfect condo, not too big, not too small, and at this time it was THE ONLY place that could fit my budget since the prices were creeping ever so high. We toss in my offer with my *angelic* photo, how cute and single I am, and that I was a first time buyer. At this point I was wondering if I was going to get a *date* out of that cover letter, or perhaps a job.They accepted my bid. My move in date was April 2005, I felt like I won the lottery -- but somehow I was paying for it. So now I wasn't going to just settle on moving into some place acting like it's a rental ~ so time to install air conditioning! Nicki referred Jim at Aire Serve (formally Heritage), and that man has been my rent-a-husband ever since. Here's the link ~ yelp.com/biz/aire-serv-oSo not only did Nicki walk me through the buying process, she has been my go-to girl for just about everything! From chimney sweep to electrical, I'm still calling Nicki years later to steer me in the right direction.Here I am in 2012, so happy with my condo, still bugging Nicki for referrals and advice, and all these years later she is still here for me. Go figure, who would've guessed!?
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,3/3/2012,54,575,4,5,4>Wow, I was definitely surprised to see Sonny's Cafe super busy on a Friday afternoon.  All the tables were taken, and there were customers sitting outside.I've been coming to Sonny's Cafe many times with my friends for Vietnamese food and sandwiches.  We decided to come here to celebrate my friend's birthday, and I'm so glad I made reservations ahead of time.The owner was very accommodating to my party of 12, and our table was ready when we arrived.  I really appreciate how the owner allowed us to preorder our dishes ahead of time, so they were all ready within 5 minutes!  All of our dishes came out piping hot, so we knew it was made fresh.I ordered the small combination egg noodle soup and it was very good.  There was a decent amount of noodles and meats.  The soup was very good and not too oily or salty.  I loved dipping the chicken, meatballs, shrimp, and crab with the Hoison sauce.  Overall, I'd definitely come back to Sonny's for lunch or dinner.  I've tried many dishes and they all tasted great.  The service was really good considering there were only 2 people working for the whole restaurant.  i"d definitely recommend large parties to make reservations and preorder for super fast service!
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,3/2/2012,302,378,9,11,9>Who likes Korean food ? Bleh ! Nicely cut pork marinated till perfection ? Huge portions ? Plenty of side dishes to pick at while waiting for your main goodies to come out ? Come on. OK. I'm lying to myself. My favorite Korean joint is no where near where I live but after eating here. I was in a dilemma. Is this new Korean BBQ restaurant that is down the block from me REALLY better than my favorite ? I tried lying to myself but I kept coming back.The Lunch meals are about 4 dollars cheaper than Dinner and of course, smaller portion. I ALWAYS get the BBQ Pork Spicy and the BBQ Beef Spicy. Very delicious, huge portions. and very filling for $8 each ?The Spicy Tofu Beef Stew is awesome as well. Jam packed with flavor, full of that Kim-Chi goodness, bits of beef and awesome broth. Whats not to like ?The BBQ Beef comes out without any of the BBQ sauce on it. They tell you that the sauce is going to have to be separate from the meat so when it comes out, they will hand you their sauce bottle. I thought it was kind of weird but man, the sauce is only optional. The beef alone is delicious. I highly recommend this dish.All in all. This place surpassed my expectation by a long shot. The location is pretty random and is small. There is no counter or front desk which is confusing. The bathroom is in front of the kitchen so you know exactly what is going on in the kitchen. The service is attentive but not the most upbeat people around. There are only 3 workers. The owner/chef, the daughter and the husband. 5 Stars hands down.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,3/1/2012,888,392,7,15,10>By far the BEST Asian vegetarian food I ever had!!! This place is really good, it is all fresh, and healthy!Everything in here is good!MUST Try:Bun Bo HuePhoRoti Drum SticksSummer RollsSpring RollsThis place is cheap too, but please bring cash! Its cash only!Parking is hard to find sometimes, and this place is tiny, but that wont effect my rating for this place! Its as good as it gets!
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,2/29/2012,284,324,9,19,12>This new restaurant located in valley fair, kind of a hidden location but it's next to MAC makeup! I came here with some girlfriends during Super Bowl Sunday and was immediately greeted upon arriving. We managed to sit towards the back, they had a large TV--awesome for watching the game :) The decor of the restaurant is modern and clean. Love the presentation of their food. What to order: 1. Trio curry- Delicious, i loved all three curries. Comes with a basket of pan-fried flat bread. 2. Garlic pepper wings- If you love really crispy wings, you'll love this. Super crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. 3. Tofu bites- My favorite appetizer! it's so good and their dipping sauce goes well with it. I wanted to order more of this but my tummy couldn't handle any more food. 4. Sweet chicken with crispy basil- flavorful chicken. It taste great with a side of their brown rice. My friend didn't like this dish very much, the flavor can be overwhelming. 5. Mee Goreng- Yum! This dish was everyone's favorite. If you love pan-fried noodles, you have to try this. 6. Drinks- I'm not a huge fan of alcoholic drinks during dinner but the Riesling wine cocktail and passion fruit mojito was so good and refreshing. They don't put too much alcohol in it which is perfect for me :) My friend's also enjoyed their $1 beers during their happy hour. Great deal! I'm definitely going back to try their other dishes and eat more Mee Goreng and tofu bites! Happy hour--3 dollars off appetizers. Every appetizer you order, you get a huge glass of beer for $1 and $5 dollar cocktails. HH-- 3pm-7pm and 9pm -10pm! Get Angeline as your server, she's awesome!
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,2/28/2012,578,576,8,11,11>Wow. This place is a hidden gem. Well, it's actually not so hidden, but STILL! It was pretty packed on Friday night, so we grabbed two seats at the bar. I ordered a glass of the Chianti and hubby had a whiskey and coke. We ordered the Bruschetta Three Color appetizer and it was delicious. I know some people prefer the crisper/harder bread, but the way they made theirs with the soft bread was amazing! Highly recommended!A table opened up so we moved. Then placed our orders. I got the Gioie di Ricotta and my husband had the Sole. The ricotta was delightful. Just the perfect amount of spinach and ricotta and they did not go overboard with the cheese. Loved it. Hubby really loved his sole as well. We had a really great experience and the prices are extremely reasonable considering how good the food and service is. I will be back for sure.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,2/27/2012,81,46,5,7,5>Ok So Hawgs has got to be one of my all-time favorite local sea food restaurants. They always have friendly service and fresh sea food. Its moderate in price but well worth it. I always see the same cooks when I  go and it's nice that they have an open kitchen. Everything I have tried here is good but 2 of my favorite things are. 1. The Crab Sandwich.  A pile of fresh real crab on toasted bread with lettuce, tomato, mayo.  2. Penne Pasta with Rock Shrimp. Now this dish is awesome but if you know your seafood then you know that the shrimp they use is not rock shrimp. I really wish they would change the wording on the menu .I might also mention that the Calamari has always been cooked to perfection every time I have ordered it. If he's working say hello to Steve and ask him about the specials and his golf game. :)
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,2/26/2012,1335,1550,11,17,16>I've been here like a million times. My first review was back in 2008. I figure it's time for an update. Since 2008 a few things have changed:1. Extra meat is now $1.09 from $0.99.2. They now ask you if you want vegetables with your order. 3. $0.50 extra for fried rice. Used to be free.These changes creeped up on me. I'm still a fan and I still think its not much considering their biggest selling point is their chicken teriyaki. Best ever! That hasnt changed and so I remain a loyal customer.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,7/17/2008,293,735,16,11,14>$6 for a giant natural flavor frozen yogurt with diced strawberries, kiwi and pieces of mochi. YUM. Also, Ho dduk (Korean pancakes) with brown sugar is $5. I wish Trendy Bean was closer to home because I would be here all the time. The fact that it only comes in once size sort of makes my life easier because then I don't have to think so much. You know what I mean? At Yumi Yogurt, I always have this inner battle between my hungry self, my dieting self and my cheap self. Hungry Amy: Oh, it looks so good. I love love love yogurt. Cheap Amy: Well, for only $.50 that's like, double the size.Dieting Amy: Shit, if I buy the big one I'll probably end up eating it all by the end of the night. The man who works here thinks I'm Korean. The first time I came here with a group of Yelpers and I think he spoke to everyone in English. When I came here with Jasmine D. after the Elite event in San Jose, he wouldn't stop talking to me in Korean. Our conversation went something like: Amy: *pointing to yogurt picture* and ho dduk.man: lakdhalaslkdahs ?! OK $11.Amy: OK, thank you!-later, when the yogurt was ready-man: askljdkaljkjsalds Amy to Jasmine: I think that means our yogurt is ready... -before leaving- man to Jasmine: Thank you come again! man to Amy: Kam sa hamnida  (Thank you in Korean)
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,7/16/2008,235,59,11,12,12>now known as Firehouse #1 this is a great bar to go to. chris is awesome*riffic  and brendan is just a kool.  ;0)  and im not just sayin that since i have know these guyz way back from when they used 2 work at o'flats down the street.  this is one of the few places i know where bartenders light drinks on fire, people dance on the bar, and everyone sings along to songs at the end of the nyte.  if u are like me and can never decide what to drink cuz u want to have everything.....just let one of the guyz know what u like and/or dont like and they will come up with something that is yummieand if u have never been here b4, and plan 2 go...here is a lil tip 4 ya.....if u hear the sound of broken glass just go "eeehhhhhyyyyy" u dun wanna be the only one not joining in it can get way crowded and with just a couple bartenders....it can take a while 2 get a drink.  but if ya think about it....if ya went to a club...u would have to probably wait about the same time.....but then you would have to pay more for drinks that are weak n watered down.  here u know ur gunna have a great drink.  come on now.....they have lucid!!~  and if ya dont know what that is....look it up  :0)
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2008,7/14/2008,428,2224,15,14,14>HOW COULD I HAVE NOT WRITTEN A REVIEW FOR THIS PLACE! The pinwheel pasta accompanied by a White Hot Chocolate with that scrumptious biscotti/butter cookie and a tower of whip cream.. I will take three servings please Every time I pass by here I think 1) Johnny Depp was hot in the movie Chocolate and he is my adult celeb crush 2) SUGAR SUGAR SUGAR PIES SUGAR PINWHEELS YUM and almost totally over load. I usually have to go into Bookshop Santa Cruz to get my mind off the hot chocolate and walk around some..exiting through the back onto Front Street. Yes is it pricey BUT the chocolate is quality. Their chocolate is pre-weighed to ensure consistency and just the right amount of chocolate.. this the good shit, not your typical packet coco 7-11/ diner machine hot chocolate.. this is top grade shaved chocolate with a buttery biscotti and real whipped cream. Their chai is also worthy of mention and something to try. When my girl friends and I go here it is a given we are going to get a million things..well let me rephrase-- a certain individual who will not be named gets tons of things and some to go... The portions are perfect and I usually have to take some in a to go container.Their soups and salads are delish LEAVE ROOM FOR THEIR PIE  (seasonal)Chicken Mole *drools onto the floor*They do accommodate to people who want orders to go On average each of us will spend 15-20 bucksOne of the best dining experiences here in Santa Cruz is coming here on a beautiful sunny day and eat outside on their mini patio. You get to look at the locals and tourists intertwine...and they look at you with envy as you drink your glass of steamy goodness in front of them. A few places to eat inside, a few more places outside.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2008,7/13/2008,477,595,18,17,17>Okay, so I have come here too many times and I think my bank thinks I'm some kind of froyo freak!  So, now they know the truth.. My favorite flavors are the honeydew with watermelon cubes and lychee tart with whatever I feel like.  But today I tried something new!  I tried their Tartini Twister (Twista)!!  It's nonfat vanilla frozen yogurt (kind of tarty) blended with any kind of fruit.. I got mine with strawberries.  It was really really good!!  Definitely something you have to try!  The machine looks like it's taking a dump in your cup.. Haha!  I am still a Tartini fanatic but also a Delatti fanatic.  They have different flavors!!
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2008,7/12/2008,232,126,11,19,18>My favorite Yelp guru Randy F. decided to showcase his brilliant knowledge on yet another popular style of Japanese cuisine here at Sumika, so without any hesitation I took Amy here in a heart beat with great companies of Randy F. and Mabel on a Monday night. Upon arrival, I was immediately impressed by Sumika's simple yet elegant decor. The restaurant is tucked away in the heart of beautiful downtown Los Altos and this place is perfect to dates, friends, and families. The ambiance was quiet and comfortable, there wasn't a lot of patrons dued to a slow Monday night. We started our night with a bottle of cold Sake recommended by Mabel, and she did not disappoint. The Sake was smooth without any strong alcohol aftertaste that's common among most mediocre Sake. A few drinks later, we were ready for the food. Randy F. ordered the Chef Special Omikase for the night, and only an appetizer later, we were made happy believers.Here we go-Appetizer (Uni Shot, Oyster on the half shell, Special Tofu)- Fantastic Oni Shot, the Jello in the small shot glass really offsets the infamous sea taste from uni yet the sweetness of Uni remains. It is the only time I seen Amy enjoys Uni, BIG Kudos to Randy.  Oyster is fresh, and lastly the Tofu tastes decent with a good blend of cheese and scallion. Chicken Skin Skewer- Wow I never thought I can have such delectable chicken skin in bay area. This chicken skin skewer stays true to its original chicken flavor with very light seasoning of salt and pepper. The skin is cooked just right to rid of all the grease, so all you eat is the crispy and delectable chicken skin.Chicken Skewer with Cheese and Pesto Sauce- If all healthy grilled chicken can be this good, I'd eat it everyday to fuel my work out routine. The meat is tender and succulent, it tastes superb with very light seasoning. The cheese and pesto add a nice touch of flavor, but really the chicken is no doubt the star here.Chicken Meatball Skewer- Flaming hot, juicy chicken meatball that is grilled to be soft and easy on the bite. I love its texture because they blend in soft chicken bones for a rich, interesting mix. Scallop Skewer- Now this is definitely the highlight of the day. I mean I do love chicken, but after 3 skewers from different parts of chicken I am ready to take on the more exotic grilled seafood! The scallop delivers with scrumptious juicy taste with good charcoal smoky flavor. It is just the perfect balance.Oyako Don- Tasty concealed eggs with terrific ground chicken and special soy sauce on top of rice. Now this is a bold move to include in the Omikase menu, because Don is considered to be more of a Japanese comfort food than something upscale. What can I say, it tastes excellent. I basically licked the bowl clean when I am about 80% full. :PRandy and Mabel proved to be yet again, tremendously fun, and intelligent people whom I have the pleasure to dine and hang out with. Their seamlessly ample wisdom on food has left us in an awe-inspiring experience for time to come. The dinner was a two and half hours long excursion and it went by like a breeze. I am lucky I have 1 month in Asia to come up with a good restaurant for our ongoing crusade of fine dining SF next time. =)I reserve 1 star because I do expect the Omikase to offer more than just chicken!
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,7/11/2008,352,471,10,12,12>I came here for the first time for the UYE and loved my food, thankfully it was on a burger night!  Since then, I've been here at least 4 times!Wed/Sat is 1/2 off hamburgersMonday 1/2 off cheesesteaksI love how their food specials end pretty late around 830- closing (depending on day).  Their drink specials end around 6pm (I think)  None the less, it makes a great happy hour joint.My Guca-bacon burger was off the hook, the gucamole had a nice touch of spiciness to it and the bacon was on the crispy/barely chewy end and  of course yummy. I also got the chance to try a pepper cheesesteak.  This, however, I felt was lacking.  I tried half of a philly style (with ChezWiz) and it was off as well.  For both, I felt that it was either too dry, and that the ingredients didn't blend together well. My friend had ordered garlic fries.  The fries were a toss up, some were super stubbies, some regular length.  My friend didn't like the garlic powder, I thought it was cool, but wished that maybe they mixed it better so it was so visible and was more spread out.Onion Rings: Cool, but not enough. (Can you ever have enough?)Service: what service? get your own food when your pager goes off.  The bus guy is pretty cool, but lacking sometimes.Ambiance: There's about 4 TVs, showing 2 different programs at least, usually the Sharks, WEC, or NBA.  What more can you ask for? well more seating that allows you to watch the TV's would help!Overall, I like this place for their food speicals, TV's, ambiance, and their delicious 1/2 hamburgers!
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,7/10/2008,209,427,12,16,15>There is no where that has great chiffon cheesecake that comes in two great small portions!  They also have great cream puffs and in different sizes too! Their gyoza selection isn't too bad. And my mom's favorite section is the pickled vegetables.I love their shampoo selection! JAPANESE SHAMPOO SMELLS THE BEST! but sadly, its a luxury that I cant live without. The shampoo is definitely more pricey than the shampoo you find in the US, but sometimes if you're lucky, you will get it on sale! They have random sales on hello kitty stuff in the front of the store, before the cashiers. They have a make-up counter (shiseido, kanebo), chinaware shop (tea sets, chopsticks, and other porcelain stuff), and a fast food joint that has great curry for cheap! I like the sushi stand too, because they make bento boxes in the morning for people, chicken karaage & chicken teriyaki! SO YUM and so affordable.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,7/9/2008,386,452,8,14,12>Get ready to get messy but oh is it all worth it! Thanks to Carol L. for the recommendation of this place. I heard about it a couple of months ago when she first wrote the review and was dying to go and never got a chance until yesterday. There was 2 of us and we got a lb of crawfish (hot), a lb of shrimp (medium) and the cajun fries. We loved the crawfish, it was my friend's first time eating crawfish so he had a fun new experience and actually really enjoyed it. The meat was very soft and when you swish it around in the sauce it makes it DELICIOUS! The shrimp was pretty good as well. I think in terms of taste I prefer the crawfish taste better but anything dipped in the garlic butter sauce is fantastic. The fries were good, more on the fat fries side so you can actually taste the potatoes and it had a coat of cajun seasoning on it.As the waitress warned us before hand...when you start eating the hot it won't taste super hot but it will linger on your lips and lo and behold it did. But I think I prefer the hot over the medium.Minor note but something I really appreciated about this restaurant is that the ice water they give you already has lemon in it so is nice and refreshing. Tip for not getting too messy: scoop the sauce in the empty container they give you so you don't have to keep reaching in and dipping your hands in the sauce :)Loved it and can't wait to bring more people to try it!
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2007,7/8/2008,315,242,12,17,16>I never thought a pho place could be "soooo Palo Alto" and still be this good.  And I know it's not Palo Alto, but "soooo Palo Alto" transcends geography.It's definitely more expensive though, than other pho places.  But, for the extra dollar you pay per dish, you get:1. chopsticks already paired up in paper sleeves2. no thick film on the sriracha and hoisin bottles - they actually feel clean3. going from #1, I felt a lot more at ease with the cleanliness of the utensils...even though I still wiped my spoon and little hoisin dish (I let the chopsticks go though!)Is that worth it for a dollar?Also, this place gets CROWDED, so if you go for lunch, go early.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2008,7/7/2008,274,1482,14,21,21>Thanks to Eugy, I get to try all the yummy lunch spots in the area. Today he headed down to take me to lunch and I picked this place on the recommendation of AJ. Thanks AJ! I absolutely love Japanese comfort food and this place serves just that. The menu has a wide variety of meals and there is a white-erase board that lists the specials up by the kitchen area. Note that ramen is no longer served here. I went with the teppan hamburg steak with enoki and shitake mushrooms and I had the chef add a slice of cheese. This came out on a sizzling hot iron plate with a side of japanese style potato salad and a huge slice of cantaloupe and a bowl of rice. Miso soup and salad were served before. BTW, the miso soup is GOOOOOOD. I love my meal. The hamburg steak was a little sweeter than I'm used to. I guess it was the gravy they use. I like my salty so I poured soy sauce over it. Make it 10 times better. And the soy sauce sizzled over the iron plate. I love that sizzle sound. The portion of the meat is HUGE. For $13, it's totally worth it. Eugy went for the grilled hamachi. Not hamachi kama. Just hamachi. His also came with soup, salad, rice, potato salad and a huge wedge of cantaloupe. I wish I could eat fish because his meal looked so damn good. But even if I could, I don't think I would have had the chance. Along with helping me eat my hamburg steak, Eugy practically inhaled his fish. Must have been good. On the side we split an Echigo. Yes, they have Echigo! Overall this was a great lunch. The woman who I can only assume to be the owner was super friendly and so cute when she smiled. This place is Japanese owned and operated too. A good sign. BTW, they close at 2pm for lunch.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/16/2007,9/13/2007,146,334,5,4,5>I'll confess up front that I didn't try the pupusas.  I had a chille relleno and a taquito al pastor.  Both were excellent.  My dining colleague had a deep fried red snapper.  The whole fish, head and all, was served.  He liked it.We went in mid June, so I think it would be safe to assume that the Christmas decorations are up year round.  Not only were there Christmas lights, but there were red bows, fake holly, and a pretty good sized nativity scene over the front door.  You can expect that ordering from the cashier and getting food delivered to your table will take a while, but the overall experience was pretty good.  Next time, it'll be the pupusas for me.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2007,9/12/2007,576,494,20,6,7>Cocola is a butter face. Great presentation, okay desserts.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2007,9/11/2007,630,154,13,11,8>I like to refer to Lozano Brushless Car Wash as LozanoLand.  It truly is the Disneyland of car washes.  Come with me, as I take you on a magical guided tour of this enchanted car wash kingdom of fantasy and imagination and give you a preview of its family-friendly attractions, entertainment, and dining.  (Yes, I stole that description from the Disneyland website.)  Start your journey on El Camino Real (Main Street USA) and look for the castle of boomerangs in the sky.  Pull your car into the Lozano parking lot.  There you will find a long line (just like at Disneyland!).  Don't worry--everyone has to wait in the line; there are no Fastpasses available-- so take your place in the queue and decide which one of the exciting wash adventures you would like to take your car on today.  Next leave your car with an attendant to get vacuumed and proceed to Frontierland!  At Lozano, Frontierland recreates the pioneer days of the American west with displays of wooden wagons and cowboy paraphernalia.  The old time photos on the wall whisk you away back in time to the days when the 49ers had not BMWs, but covered wagons to transport their families across the great land of California.  How far we have come!All that time travel has, no doubt, made you hungry and thirsty.  Good thing Lozano has thought of everything.  Progress to the popcorn machine and lemonade stand to enjoy your unlimited FREE refreshments.  Way better than a $5 sodas at Disney!  Also be sure to grab a discount coupon (*HINT*HINT*) from the nearby woven basket before you pay for your wash.After munching to your heart's content, make a pit stop at New Orleans Square next to the shoe shine booth.  Here you will witness Harold slow cook his Peninsula-famous BBQ ribs.  Let him tell you all about his perfect Kansas City-style slow-cooked pork ribs that stay juicy without any sauce to get in the way. Check out the TV in the background projects images of a crackling fire.  Every car wash should have a Harold!From the grill, move along to Tomorrowland to watch your car take the ride of its life!  What could be more space-age than watching your car get on a futuristic conveyor belt while it is soaked, sprayed, buffed, rubbed, and wiped with every type of spray known to man.  And brushless did you say?  I don't know what "brushless" means because it looks like there are "brushes" somewhere along that conveyor belt of doo-dads but your car goes in covered with dust and mud, then comes out sparkling clean.  That's what counts!  This whole experience might be more exhilarating if you actually got to ride in the car like a real amusement park ride, but then they would need to enforce height restrictions with one of those measuring sticks and it would get all complicated.  After you pay your $$$ and exit the gate, observe the employees wipe your car with a towel.  They don't whistle while they work, and I think they do this toweling only for the tip as it doesn't seem to serve much purpose at all but adds a nice human touch to the futuristic wash.  The bottom line: Lozano's carwash isn't the most thorough wash my car has ever enjoyed, but the whole LozanoLand experience MORE than makes up for it.  It's cheaper than Disneyland and afterall, the entertainment value is what you look for in a carwash, isn't it?
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,9/10/2007,61,108,5,10,11>Gochi is EXACTLY what you get in Japan, if you are younger than 50, when hanging out with your friends for drinks over meal.  Actually, food is definitely better than many Izakaya places in Tokyo, Japan.  If you don't like Gochi, you won't enjoy casual dining in Japan.You have to take off your shoes and the waiter/waitress leaves the check at your table.   Yes, that's how it is in Japan.Gosh, I thought I had to go to L.A. or N.Y. to enjoy an authentic Izakaya restaurant like this.  Definitely need to go back here again.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2007,9/9/2007,2747,1075,7,23,19>Flowers, flowers, everywhere!  And trees, and bushes, and lawns!  We visited Filoli on a warm, sunny holiday weekend.  Admission was $12 per person.  First we toured the house, a beautiful brick Willis Polk mansion.  Only the first floor was open to the public, but it was very elegant and nicely decorated.  The ballroom alone was more than twice the size of our home.  The pool bath and carriage house extended the architecture beyond the main house into the gardens.  The 16 acres of gardens, of which over 15 have names, were excellently maintained.  The gardening was world-class!  Formal English gardens, fantastic lawns, a rose garden, a woodland garden, orchards, and more, demonstrated a mind-boggling array of gardening styles.  The gardens and the Filoli Cafe closed at 3:30 pm.  Before that, we stopped for a couple of gourmet sodas, a brownie, and an apple berry crisp, for just under $10, and then we headed home.  Yelp has four listings for Filoli right now.  It's a pleasure to browse all the pictures that have been uploaded.  A Google satellite view gave us a better impression of how the estate fit into the natural landscape, as well as how massive it was.  It was nice to walk through the estate and get a feel of how it would be to live an extremely wealthy lifestyle.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2007,9/8/2007,236,160,49,16,19>It was worth it...----------------------------------------                  Nance W.                         VS. The Carne Asada Super Burrito----------------------------------------Nance's Brain: Stomach, I know you're hungry. Let's have a salad. I've been drinking too much beer lately and we're starting to grow a Fat Tire around you.Nance's Stomach: Pshhh! Now whose fault is that?? I'm fed up with you pounding drinks on me. Not only do you make me and Liver suffer, you're now trying to torture me with a fucking SALAD??? Screw you Brain, we're having a burrito!Nance's Brain: Shit, if this keeps on going on, Ass is not going to be very happy when it starts having trouble getting into its pants...----------------------------------------I was going to settle for just a regular carne asada burrito but noooooo... I was feeling ballsy and adventurous."Give me a carne asada... SUPER BURRITO... No beans, I don't want to be tootin' later..."...Because the super burrito comes with cheese, guacamole and sour cream... I MUST have it!!!What a monstrosity! There's no turning back. I peel off the aluminum wrapper and the battle begins.[ I must add, you will find a new meaning to life when you try their SECRET ORANGE SAUCE. I don't know what they put in there (orange crack??), but I guarantee you this sauce will make the crappiest burritos taste like heaven. ]So I'm sitting there, squirting on the orange sauce before every bite.Things are looking good.Stomach: "Ughhh.... no more.... too... full..."OMG, I was sooooo close!I was defeated by a super burrito. I couldn't devour it. *hangs head in shame*----------------------------------------Now my Ass is pissed off and needs a beer.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2007,9/7/2007,4961,1539,20,30,30>If you're into straight, you'll love Billy.If you're into skinny, you'll love Stevie. If you're into some flare, you'll love Joey.If you're into boring and simple, these guys probably aren't for you.I'm not trying to play matchmaker, I'm talking about jeans, people. Amazingly crafted premium denim for men, women and children that averages about $200 a pair, but makes you feel like a million bucks. Finding the perfect pair of jeans can be an arduous task, but the friendly and knowledgable staff at the first True Religion store to open in Northern CA make it a breeze. These guys are denim specialists and will show you what you'll look hot in, whether you're into straight, skinny, relaxed, bootcut or flared. With so many different cuts in various hand-sanded vintage washes, you are destined to find the perfect pair with their expertise. Hang out at their separate mens and womens denim bars and try on a couple different pairs.Plus, how could you not love a brand that is represented by a smiling, peace-spreading buddha rockin' a guitar?p.s. They have amazing customer service here. If you haven't actually shopped inside this store and worked with the super helpful staff, writing a review based on a walk by outside the store is not very useful or fair.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2007,9/6/2007,449,368,12,11,11>*Now open!*One of the favorite pastimes of the Pan-Asian population is the tried and true karaoke, or as HK people call it, "KTV" (or sometimes, simply just "K"). Contrary to the typical set up at American bars, where patrons actually get up on a stage to perform in front of the masses, KTV's are more intimate, with individual rooms and lounges for private parties.Two of the more popular venues are Echo in Fremont (yelp.com/biz/pfSeX_qYGhf) and Music Tunnel KTV in Richmond (yelp.com/biz/g6ixD-i4STR). However, for the massive Chinese population in the South Bay, there never seemed to be much of a selection.Well, fear not, my yellow friends. The wait is officially over! As mentioned way back in December, when strolling around one of my oft frequented Chinese malls, Ulferts Center, I caught wind of some minor remodeling being done to the section that once housed a knock off clothing shop called "Come In... Shop," and a Chinese bookstore humorously named "SUP." As I got a closer glimpse, I noticed the neon lights with the words, "KTV," were already blazing up the evening sky.With my tongue wagging in excitement, I rapidly ascended the stairs to take a peek through the window. Although not quite yet at an advanced stage of construction, I could already see the partitions for the rooms in the process of being erected.  At the time, based on the skeleton, I must say I was somewhat underwhelmed by the seemingly miniscule size of the entire place.Fortunately, looks were definitely deceiving, as I now know firsthand that my concerns were unwarranted. The interior here at Music Land is probably the most lavish of any karaoke joint I have seen in the US, far outshining its previously mentioned counterparts. The ample sized lounges can easily house 10-15 guests apiece, and provide modern upholstery, with multiple plasma TV's, as well as the latest in hi-fi equipment. There is also an area designated with a Japanese tatami theme. I'm not exactly sure what the total number of rooms is, but I believe it's about five or six.Finally, the kind folks in the Milpitas/San Jose area have a nice KTV place to call their own. Out of all the locations in the Bay Area, I think this is one of the most convenient, since it is a quick drive from the major Chinese population centers of the East and South Bay, right in the middle of the bustling Ulferts Center/Milpitas Square corridor, with many restaurants open as late as 3 am. Another great thing about this particular spot is that there is plenty of room on the outside terrace for patrons to go out to smoke or catch a breather.To be honest with you, I'm not much of a singer myself, but believe me when I tell you that the HK hunnies come dressed to impress at these KTV joints, so good times are here to come! Kanpai!P.S. The American pronunciation of karaoke - care-ree-o-kee - irks me to no end! I always just use the original Japanese phonetics, which is actually much easier. It's pronounced exactly how it looks - ka-ra-o-ke. See how easy that is? If you can't even say that correctly, I think I'll have to step outside for a minute when your turn to sing comes around.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2007,9/5/2007,541,156,5,10,11>The clothing selection and prices are pretty good here.And, the salespeople and cashiers have always been friendly, courteous and have thanked us for our purchases...yippee!My sweet daughter has gotten some cool threads here on several occasions. Some of the items have cost a mere 50% of the regular price; great deals!That is a good thing because any parent of teens knows styles come and go fast...too fast! It can cost many pretty pennies to keep our pretty kids looking pretty cool!However, both she and I found the areas of denim jeans to be very unorganized. We spent more time than we wanted in search of her size.It was bothersome for me as that meant a lot more time listening to very loud music.I enjoy tunes, don't get me wrong, yet my nerves are a bit frazzled by the time we walk out of the store.yet, repeat...the prices and selection rock and the employees are courteous.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2007,9/4/2007,70,90,33,7,9>Two words: Ngau Pin.What is it? Bull Penis.This is one of the few places that serves this in their pho.  Yes, I tried it.  It seems alot like tendon, just tougher.  It's ok, I guess.  Although I don't have much to compare it to.  I don't exactly make it a habit to eat penis.They used to have "Ngau Pin" emblazoned across their front window - most likely because they thought it was a delicacy people would come from all over for.  Wisely, they have since removed both the signage and the item from their menu, although you can still request it specifically if you are adventurous (or really like bull schlong).Can you imagine how many times people accidentally ordered this dish?Customer: I'll have the special from the window. The uh..No PeenWaiter: Ngau Pin?Customer: Yeah, that.Waiter: [smirk] Ok.[Food Served][Customer eats]Customer: Aw shit!! This tastes like dick!Waiter: [smirk]
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,3/10/2008,481,1032,3,21,7>Gamba Karaoke is now my favorite place for private room karaoke!!  We were there last night and had a blast!!!  They have 9 private rooms and 1 large party room for up to 25 people.  There's no alcohol but snacks, teas/water/soda are available and it's right next door to Gochi Japanese Tapas (which has alcohol if you need a starter!) if you're hungry.The Best Things about Gamba are the amazing LARGE music selection (in 5 languages) and the books/computer combo for song selection!!Let me explain... a lot of karaoke joints seem to be going to an all computer system for song selection.  This is time consuming and makes it hard to casually browse through songs.  I hate all computer song selection!!  At Gamba, they have several several books in the room so more than 1 person can browse at a time, by title or artist.  You can casually put songs in, allowing people breaks between singing, rather than inputting several songs at once.  It's much nicer when books are available!Also, as I mentioned, the song selection is great!  They had everything from Aretha Franklin to Whitesnake to Queen to Prince to Country to Oldies to Broadway to Akon, Nelly Furtado, Captain and Tennille, Jodee Messina, etc... and lot's of Japanese stuff I didn't know. LoL  Things I've looked up at other places but they didn't have, they had at Gamba.17,000 English songs27,000 Chinese songs45,000 Japanese songs5,500 Korean songs3,000 Spanish songsPrices have changed a lil since RY posted... up and down in some cases.  We split 3 hours of Karaoke with 5 friends and it was less than 20$ a piece!Here goes... *sigh* LoL                              1-2ppl       3-4ppl       5-6ppl       7-12ppl         Mon,Tue,Wed5pm-9pm              $15            $20           $25             $309pm-1am              $20            $25           $30             $35Fri,Sat,Sun, & Holidays           2pm-6pm              $15            $20            $25             $306pm-2am              $20            $25            $30             $35                                     I'll definitely be back.  I'm actually planning a party around it in a few weeks.See ya there!
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2007,3/9/2008,91,160,11,10,9>Gom Tang is comfort food.  It's also an amazing late night, "I'm actually drunk and on the verge of a hangover" cure.  Yo, pharmaceutical giants....a cure for cancer or 24-hour "I'm in the mood" pill?  Not interested.  If you can put Gom Tang in a pill, I'll be your willing addict.Seoul GT offers an assortment of Gom Tang.  There's Ugok Tang (Gom Tang with cow tendon/cartilage), Golri Gom Tang (Oxtail soup), Chadolbaegi Gom Tang (Gom Tang with thin slices of marbled beef), and a mix of the above (Suk Uh Gom Tang).  All are good (the oxtail pieces are a little skimpy, but it's otherwise pretty good).  In addition to Gom Tang, there's also Naeng Myung, but I'd skip it.One of the essential side dishes when you're eating Gom Tang is a good, ripe kimchee, both the cabbage kind and the radish kind (Gak Du Gi).  Here, they give you two pots full which you have to pick out and cut with a scissor.  It's the best way to prepare and eat kimchee.  They also give you cucumber kimchee and green onion kimchee.  Kimchee fest. Seoul Gom Tang is consistently good, but 3 stars only because I was disappointed by the oxtail (see above) and their Naeng Myung.  They might as well not bother with the non-Gom Tang dishes.  In addition, even though they are open late, they don't open during the critical 1:00 AM to 3:00 AM "I still have a good buzz going" time period.That's where the pill comes in handy.  Genentech...are you listening?
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2008,3/8/2008,1212,479,10,9,12>The service is quite the A+, 5 star quality here.  The owner is the cutest little grandma ever, filled with giggles and smiles.  Her giggles are quite contagious and we both had a giggling fit. I got a Zippy Chicken Wrap and it was so delicious, I only ate half of it, but I also ate...the sweet potato fries, salad, and the steak fries from my friend's burger.  My friend's burger was also delicious and the brie cheese gave it such a nice touch.  The soda was kind of flat though, but I got like 3 refills of that.  I couldn't really walk afterwards, but I still long for it!Adorable place to eat in a quaint little house with the sunshine on my face.They gave us a student discount, which is 10% off the bill, I didn't even tell them we were students, but more brownie points for them!
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,3/7/2008,329,460,8,10,9>This is really a great place to hang out with your group of friends!  Now, I'm not big on the public setting for karaoke (I prefer private rooms for groups), but it's pretty fun watching strangers take on the mike!  The servers at the bar are friendly and seem to take care of their customers.  What's cool about the karaoke though is that there is a web-cam or something like that so people online can comment on the singer currently taking on the stage!  You can watch their online conversations on a tv monitor inside the karaoke bar.  I was pretty fascinated by that!  It was like blow by blow commentary as if you were watching a sporting event.  When I came here, I wasn't brave enough to take on the stage in front of the crowd....but maybe next time with enough liquid courage!
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2008,3/5/2008,1695,468,4,12,10>This is THE bowling alley of bowling alleys, baby.For people who actually do bowl seriously - I hear it's not the best.  The lanes aren't particularly slick and lined with distracting flashing lights, and the pins are painted in florescent colors.But!  For those who like to bowl with beer in hand -- and that would be me -- it's tops.  With a full bar, yummy snacks like coconut shrimp and artichoke dip and a huge full blown arcade with skee ball, air hockey and pool tables, I could spend my dying days at Strike.Check out the $16 all-you-can-bowl Mondays!
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,3/4/2008,510,406,16,18,22>Note:  This is not Indian food...nor is it Pakistani food...it is Sri Lankan food.Driving in the car...Amy R:  Sri...Mr. Amy R: Must be Indian...oh no, Sri LankanAmy R:  What's Sri Lankan food like?  Is that the same as Indian food?  What do they eat in Sri Lanka?  Sri Lanka is right by India, right?  It must be the same...right?  Right?  Right?  Right?Mr. Amy R:  I don't know.  I've never had it.Amy R:  Oh...well, do you think it's the same as Indian food?Mr. Amy R:  Might be.  Do you want to try it?Amy R:  Um...yes.*Amy R and Mr. Amy R sit at table*Amy R:  Paan?  Pan means bread in Spanish.Mr. Amy R: In India paan is this stuff that people chew and spit out.Amy R:  I know.  It's gross.  This says it's bread...do you think it's like naan?So we ordered...and paan was kind of like naan, only it was more biscuity.  It was really good fresh with the garlic butter they gave us.  The Sri Lankan tea was the one thing I would say was exactly like Indian tea...only unlike all of the crappy chai I've been getting at Indian restaurants lately, it was great!We ordered two different platters so we got to try 6 entrees.  I love how they made the coconut and kale dish.  I thought it was going to be coconut milk, but it was actually stir fried grated coconut and shredded kale.  The eggplant stole the show for sure...and the cauliflower with cashews was wonderful.  Oh...and even though the menu doesn't mention it, the platter comes with rice and half a papad.It was definitely different from Indian food.  It was nicely decorated and the staff were very friendly.  I would have  liked it a bit spicier...maybe they should go to that "mild, medium, or spicy?" system.  You wouldn't have to twist my arm to get me to go there again.
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2008,3/3/2008,123,135,3,14,9>Oooooooooooo.  Pinkberry wanna-be?  In MOUNTAIN VIEW?  Be still, my heart (and tummy).  Man but Fraiche does have a hold on me.  It's still my fav!  But perhaps it's more about the toppings than the yogurt.  I honestly think if someone did a Gelayo/Cafe Aroma/Harmony/Fraiche blindfolded taste test on me... I'd fail.  Fraiche might be a teensy bit creamier than the others.  But either way - with Gelayo's late hours:Sun-Thurs: 11am-12amFri-Sat: 11am-2amthis place gets high marks!  And they have mochi - more high marks!  And my generous serving of yogurt with 2 toppings was only $4!Gelayo isn't JUST a yogurt place.  They also have:sandwiches (a good selection)salads & soups (just a few choices)gelato (a dozen or more flavors)shaved ice (1 person & 2 person)dessert pastries (macaroons, tarts, small cakes, cream puffs, cookies)waffles (with fruit or gelato)hot/iced coffee (no boba)...but the yogurt is what I went to try.  They offer "original" and "blueberry" - not sure if they'll plan to swap out the flavored yogurt for different ones or not, but today it was blueberry.  Prices are as follows for Original:5oz: $2.508oz: $3.5013oz: $5.50and Blueberry is $ .25 more for each size.The yogurt had a nice tart taste but was a little on the icy side.  Not like you'd crunch down on ice pieces but just not an overly smooth, creamy yogurt texture.1 topping: $1.002 toppings: $1.503 toppings: $2.00and they really had a lot of choices:5-6 different fresh fruits (cut into tiny bits)Cap'n CrunchFruity Pebblesmochi!!yogurt dropsnutsgranolaI forget what else now but there were more!No honey, but they did have small packets like one would squeeze into a cup of tea.  It worked but... just wasn't great honey.The shop is bright and clean and cheerful.  It's right across the street from Frankie, Johnnie & Luigi Too and just next to Taco Bell.If I want a refreshing, light, fruity, creamy cup of yogurt, fruit, granola and good honey sometime before 10:30pm... I'll probably still go to Fraiche (it's the same distance from me.)  But if I'm craving the same thing at midnight - Gelayo Gusto with mochi at a couple $'s less will still make me a very happy girl!
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,3/2/2008,930,548,16,16,15>I have no friggin idea why this place is called 99 Chicken. I mean, they don't have 99 different combinations or anything. This will forever remain a mystery. Who cares anyway, it's tastey! And yes, I spelled 'tastey' with an 'e' If Fergie does it, why can't I?We ordered the Combination Chicken Platter and it was pretty damn good. Fed two growing boys just fine. My favorite was the Honey Chicken, it's exactly what it's called. Crispy fried chicken smothered in a honey sauce. So. Good. The spicy chicken was pretty good as well, not too hot, not too bland, i enjoyed it very much. The original and sweet chicken were also pretty good, but didn't stand out like the first two I tried.Please keep in mind that the wait for your food is pretty lengthy. Could be at least 30 minutes. As long as you go in there knowing that much, you have no reason to be annoyed by this. You heard me?The owners/employees are hilarious. I read that the popcorn stuff was pretty good, so I asked for some. The woman was like 'oh ok oh ok' grabbed my menu, started mumbling something in Korean, started giggling, pointed at the menu, and walked off. I was thoroughly confused. I had no idea what just happened. It turns out that you can only get the popcorn if you ordered a beer. So a few minutes later, a beer shows up on our table, with the popcorn i wanted. Hey, sure why not.In the end we spent 19 bucks for for 10 big pieces or delicious chicken, a beer, popcorn, unlimited access to their small, but sufficient salad bar and all the steamed rice you can eat and tip. Not bad. Not Bad at all.Oh Also, I thought you should know that THEY READ YOUR YELP REVIEWS! I glanced over the counter while waiting for my food and saw their yelp reviews happily maximized on their huge 20 inch monitor. I was like, oh, that's nice... Did you know that they're 'Hot on Yelp' right now? Mmmm hmmm, they are!
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2008,3/1/2008,697,211,10,17,14>Numerous times I've come here and I always find something that comes home with me. Spend $50 and you'll still feel like you spent your money well. Items here are super cheap, none have fallen apart on me or anything.I come here for:- fake eyelashes @ $1.99 (I usually buy like 8 of these)- colored contact lenses @ $17.99 (grey, blue sapphire, green, hazel, purple, etc) and these are located at the register with care instructions. Oh and please be wary that these contacts make your pupils look retardedly dilated.- NYC eyeliner- earrings/bangles/bracelets/rings- trendy but cheap necklaces- hair accessoriesTo the left of the entrance, you'll notice a wall of ridiculous amount of Coach knock offs that people actually buy, and the best part is it's OBVIOUSLY fake because they mix up the C's with G's and the stitching is just terrible.Depending on who is working, you'll get great service and they will help you find what you're looking for, however the one I try to avoid is the 30something Asian male who won't even budge out of the counter to show me where my article of inquiry is - instead he just points to where it should be and pretty much gives a look of  "leave me the hell alone, and don't steal anything". You can find NYX cosmetics here if you're a fan. Definitely a great place to stop by for cheap accessories if you're tired of the same played out mess at F21.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,2/29/2008,861,621,19,19,22>oh Twin Creeks how i miss thee....lets begin by saying this one massive softball complex located in the silliest of valleys where fierce battles take place involving bats, gloves,  balls and drunk people. i was always a total girlie girl. as a kid it was dresses, dolls, the whole thing.... but i had secret side too. as soon as the girls were out of site i would sneak over the "boys fort" (a junk mess of boxes in a bunch of trees) and turn into one of the boys. i was into getting muddy, climbing trees and most of all playing SPORTS. much to my sports-fanatic dads dismay, as soon as i began my illustrious career in softball we realized i SUCKED at it. but whatever, i still liked playing. so i did. at 10, my first coach saw wimpy little me and decided, well at least she's a leftie so i can teach her the drag bunt.regardless of my mishaps and batting slumps over the  years, i have never given up my lofty and lucrative softball career. i forged on. now years later, my skills have not gone much further. mostly i play catcher these days and get to wear a very attractive sweaty dirty mask during the game. oh joy!so here we are today.....at twin creeks. basically a HUGE softball complex with about 15 (or more?) softball fields. the teams are mostly coed which is a huge plus. most of the guys suck pretty bad too so they never say shit when you screw up. secondly, everyone is just out there to socialize and drink.... and then drink more after the game. so who actually cares how you play? no one! which brings me to twin creeks most prized asset.... oh yes. i'm talking about the CLUBHOUSE. the main center of it all. the "strategy" area... the think tank. downstairs a beer and junk food haven. upstairs, oh lovely upstairs clubhouse bar.it is the coolest little bar ever. where drunk rowdy coed players come after the game to see if cindy will show her boobs again like she did when they fell out of her sports bra as she cornered 3rd base in the 5th inning. this is where guys who suck at softball tell girls who suck at softball how great each other is after the game. even better there are darts, pool tables, dark corners.... and unlimited amounts of alcohol flowing. its quite a sight to behold. twin creeks, how i wish there was a place just like you in SF. now i have to play for SF Softball on a cold foggy windy field with sirens screeching by and people doing drugs in the outfield. afterwards we just end up in some lame irish bar after the games. oh well, at least we have darts i guess.  *sigh*
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,11/23/2010,245,219,7,12,6>I admit, I'm not a candy lover - I just don't have much of a sweet tooth.  However, Powell's is a great place for a nostalgic browse through sweets and toys of your past.The real win for me, though, is that they carry genuine Wham-O Hula Hoops.  I've got a lifelong deep love for hooping (why aren't there hoop dancing classes in the south bay?) and starting in 2nd grade, have owned most of the hooping contests I've ever entered.  Those cheap knockoff Fun Hoops and Swirl Hoops and whatnot you find at discount stores just aren't right - you've got to have that genuine shoop-shoop sound, and you can find it right here, in two sizes and various colors.Thanks, Powell's, for enabling my shooping and hooping.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,11/22/2010,193,213,29,36,22>Okay, retarded folk who rates this place on the food that they have sitting out, listen up! There's a reason this place is called "LUMPIA & BBQ"-- and it's pretty fucking obvious why. It's their specialty!I have to be honest, and say, that I agree with most of the people that the food sitting out isn't exactly my cup of tea at first glance, but this place does justice to their BBQ & Lumpia! The sauce in the BBQ is reallllly good-- tangy, sweet, and spicy all at once. Their prices are extremely reasonable, and the reason this place gets the 5 stars?The woman that owns the restaurant, is by far, one of the sweetest, and welcoming people I have met in the area. She has great customer service, and really makes you feel like all her attention is on you, and not on TFC like most Filipino ma & pa shops nowadays. Don't come here if you have a hoity toity attitude, because you're right, you won't fit in. Come looking for a relaxed, family like atmosphere. P.S. One of the reviews called this place a dump. I beg to differ... This isn't yo mama's house! The place doesn't advertise itself to be the Hilton. They're honest people, doing what they love!
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,11/21/2010,626,433,7,15,8>I LOOOOOVE this place!!The owner, Debbie, is a wonderful person to work with! She's super creative and will help bring your vision to life. Her work was above and beyond how I pictured my wedding cake to be.My now husband and I dreamed of having a five tier pillow shaped cake. When I saw the cake for the first time at my reception I was amazed. It was gorgeous! Super elegant with lots of detail. She even made a topper that replicated our wedding rings. There was even a beautiful silver cake platform that just made the cake that much better.Unfortunately, there is no bakery store front for this place. I would come here all the time to try her cakes and cheesecakes. The toasted almond cake we ordered was to die for! Pick this flavor for your cake! She has many other cake flavors and will create whatever you want. I totally look forward to ordering another cake from her one day.Order your specialty cake with Debbie today!
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,11/20/2010,1335,1550,10,11,10>I've made a mental note a while back to try this place when they're ready. Today's the day!Agree with fellow yelper Trace C. hefty portions are served here. A couple of combination plates with one shared soda will cost you almost $40.00 give or take a couple of bucks shy with tip included. So it depends on how much you want to spend but that's how Lilie May  rolls.I had the chicken and pork BBQ ribs. The meat was falling off the bones on the BBQ and the sauce was just my thing. Not overly sweet and the meat was not too wet from the sauce. Score! The chicken that came was like half of a chicken! Big portion is the name of the game here at Lilie Maes. Wooohoo! The combo plate came with two sides. I chose the fried sweet potato fries. It was a very strange combo of sweetness and saltines that equals yummm! #2 side was the mashed potato that was equally good.My partner chose the BBQ with pork brisket. It was like pulled pork with a  very delicious sauce. I tried his mac and cheese and just from the looks it was home made pretty but dive into it and you will find out it's absolutely mouth watering and I'm not a mac n cheese kind of gal at all.We were both very satisfied and will definitely return again for the food.The decor was truly soulful. An area was called Lilie Mae's living room that was right across from the counter where you order.Scattered chairs and tables and nice wooden floors made me feel like I was in Miss Mae's home. Very homely and welcoming.The Chef was friendly and warm. The staff that took our order was a different story. She looked bored and not interested to be there at all. Bordering on being indifferent. I thought that was sad..the place had so much potential but with a staff like that I don't know...There is a huge parking lot and cute seating area outside with what looks a like a heating lamp. What was odd we thought was a jukebox in the corner that didn't match the decor inside at all. It was too modern to be in Miss Mae's home. But that's just my humble opinion.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,11/19/2010,230,172,9,26,11>I cannot say enough great things about Dr. Bindi.During all of my visits prior to my surgery he was extremely informative and open to questions. He gave me all the different options for which type of LASIK and what he suggested for me.What I appreciated most was how he walked me through the surgery. Though I did opt for the Valium, I was still extremely jittery and nervous. Dr. Bindi told me exactly what he was going to do before he did it; he let me know what to expect; and literally talked me through the entire procedure.Honestly, I think that if he had not done that, I might've gotten an awful panic attack. The surgery itself wasn't painful but I think I was just afraid of what was going to happen. Hearing his voice guide me was really reassuring; I don't know if I could have done it without him. After the surgery, you could tell that he was genuinely happy for me and he told me how much he loved his job. He didn't have to tell me though because it really shows. If you're considering LASIK, please make a free appointment with The Laser Eye Center of Silicon Valley and ask for Dr. Craig Bindi; I am sure you will not be disappointed. Feel free to message me with any questions :)
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,11/18/2010,281,327,9,12,10>I had such a good time here yesterday... although it'd be nice if I could lift my right arm over my head again! The drive up to the club is really nice... and cows everywhere!!  We actually had to stop a few times to let them cross the road!I've only been to indoor ranges so I was excited to try my hand at some moving targets.  I got a few lucky shots off in the beginning but ended up missing most of the clays!  opps.. it was lots of fun anyways.The club itself is small but cute.  There's a bunch of different stations you can shoot from with different options.  The grounds are kept pretty immaculate.  The patio is really nice and surprisingly relaxing with all of the gunshots going off!!
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,11/17/2010,127,84,4,9,6>Frozen yogurt.... can I say YUMMMMMMMMMMMM! Fro-Yo Delite is a great addition to the south bay. Located conveniently in Tennant  Station, it has plenty of parking and not easy to miss. My cousins had the pleasure to introduce me to this lovely little fro-yo shop and I am so happy they did. Although I have been to few yogurt places that I have wished I had never stepped foot in, I have to say I absolutely love this one. Fro-Yo Delite has multiple flavors that you self-serve and pay by the ounce. This includes as many toppings as you like. The plus side is you can get multiple flavors, toppings and as little or as much as you would like. The downside however is you never really know how much you are going to have to pay. The only true negative I see is the flow of the shop. Although I love that you enter through one door, get your fro-yo, then toppings and pay... the register is probably in the worst location (especially when it is busy). I love the flavors and how they continuously change. They have a great variety of toppings; which is great too! If you are curious about how something tastes before filling up your cup just take a sample, they supply little cups at the counter. How convenient!
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,11/16/2010,388,717,11,15,15>Yesterday was hot as Hades to cook at home. Sitting around and waiting for it cool off I was contemplating if I should go out and eat or cook. I choose to go out and eat and decided to come here. I end up getting the Bim Bim Bop but the cold one since it was so hot, even though the restaurant had AC on. The food was good and all very tasty. I am not a huge Kim Chi fan but I like the one here. Its not overly spicy as other places. I also try the Chicken Tofu soup too. Full of flavor and the soup was wonderful. The pot stickers was okay but I had better. Overall dinner was great. I was full and happy girl. Plus took left overs for lunch. Will be back when I am craving Korean and since its so close to home too.
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,11/15/2010,241,320,5,7,7>I'm definitely a fan of this place. When we lived in Campbell, we used to come here for breakfast on a very regular basis...come to think of it, i don't think i've ever been here for anything BUT breakfast, so my review is based solely on the most important meal of the day. There isn't really anything special on the menu here, at least on weekends, they don't even have a specials menu, but everything that they do have it pretty dang good, especially their omelet souffles. The best part about this place really is their portion sizes. It's not super cheap like Denny's but you get a pretty large amount of food for your money. I've never walked out of here feeling hungry, in fact, i ususally need a mid-morning nap after eating breakfast here.Now that we've moved, and there aren't really any great breakfast places near by (at least, not as close as this was to our place when we lived in Campbell), i really miss this place. If we ever had a free weekend, i would defintely make the trip over here to get breakfast.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,11/14/2010,373,196,7,8,9>Fried chicken and Korean beer, talk about the best Friday night out with friends. Self serve all you can eat salad bar. MMMCombination plate, order nothing else. I mean, it's all about variety.The service is slow and inattentive, but the chicken really makes up for it. This is a great customer friendly owned restaurant. There's usually only 3 workers, but they manage to get the job done. Hot korean girl posters EVERYWHERE and pictures of happy people eating happy chicken. The entire atmosphere is HAPPY.Get drunk, enjoy chicken, and have a good time around GREAT food. Don't be surprised if the Korean owners join you for a drink of celebration, they really care that much.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,5/29/2012,289,187,9,13,13>FIRST place that I have been to and felt the need to review it right away. Possibly because I'm slightly buzzed but I know I'll feel the same way tomorrow. This review is purely for their Happy hour ( Monday - Friday, 3 - 6 pm). Service is wonderful, our waitress constantly checked if we were ok throughout the HH and even let me order a drink 5 min past, which is very rare for other HH places,$1 oysters: FRESH and CLEAN. Cleanest shells I have experienced for San Jose HH. Out of a dozen, I only got 1 oyster with a shell shard in it. The most impressive part was the fact that they gave me a tiny oyster but upon checking it, I found that there were 2 small oysters in it!! Amazing! Other places would have just given me a teensie weensie oyster but Blush made up for it. Oysters came with vinegar with shallots, cocktail sauce, grated horseradish, lemon and Tabasco. They brought all of my favorite condiments without me even asking!Hamachi spoons: Cute, single portioned bits of hamachi combined with little avocado squares, jalapeño, radish slice and ponzu sauce. Ahi Tacos: Mini tacos with a slightly salty crispy shell. Filled with seared ahi tuna, coleslaw, and aioli. Overall, tasty taco but I only half the shell due to its saltiness.Cheese Fondue: WOW! I was hesitant when I learned that they mixed their fondue using Blue cheese, Brie, and Cambozola because I dislike blue BUT it was one of the tastiest cheese fondue I've ever had, comparable to La Fondue. It came with soft baguette squares, toasted crostinis, and strawberries. I preferred the toasted crostinis. BYOB: BUILD your OWN BLUSH! Adorable concept. I picked Absolut peach combined with Guava Puree combined with Lemon Lime slush. First taste, very strong but it became more delicious as I drank more of it. It was $5 a dish and and $5 a drink. Good deals but for a fatty like me, it adds up :p
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,5/28/2012,1335,1550,9,14,13>It's feels like walking into a very relaxing spa. Well a spa that serves delicious Thai food! The all white theme was a very stark contrast to the location. Quite surprisingly the owner managed to do this in a yard or two of a very flimsy material! I say great job!From the get go the server was very gracious. We walked in as the first customers for dinner. Within a hour or so the place filled up. I'm not surprised! Their chicken padthai was one of the best if not the best so far in the area. The red curry beef was also excellent and generously portioned. The brown rice was fresh. My Thai iced tea was strong and sweet. Hate, hate, hate watered down Thai iced tea.The best surprise of the night? Their DESSERT MENU. It was awesome and very classy. We tried the Coppa Yogurt and Berries &Tiramisu.. Not only do this dessert look great they taste awesome too!A sitting area outside looks promising! Huge parking lot.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,5/26/2012,439,671,7,11,11>The World According to NoelleAllergic Girl's Guide to LifeFeeling tired?Feeling stressed?Need a vacation from everything?Have a case of the Mondays?If you answered, "yes" to any of the above questions head over to Lush in Valley Fair as soon as possible. Maybe you don't have time to head out to the spa for a soak or massage- just head over to Lush and pick up some bath bombs, candles (not from Lush but from Target or your favorite candle shop). Bath Bombs+Candles+Music = once a week can melt your stresses away- just do it!!!Ages ago when I was in Southern California is when I first encountered the brand. Being someone who absolutely loves soaps, perfumes and lotions this was a favorite shop of mine (but at that time they didn't have any near my home in San Jose). I'm extremely happy that there is a Lush shop in Valley Fair. On my most recent visit to Lush I purchased:- - - - - - - - - - - Bath Bombs- - - - - - - - - - -This time I picked up: Think Pink Bath Bomb ($3.95) & Honey Bee ($6.95). I absolutely love the bath bombs. The Think Pink was super sweet- like sweet tarts candies. The Honey Bee was sweet but not as sweet as the Think Pink. The smaller size bath bombs start around $3.95. while the most expensive one is $6.95- personally, I think the small ones do just fine and the larger ones are in my humble opinion are just overpriced. Would I purchase a bath bomb over $5 - probably not again! Nothing beats a wonderful soak in the tub with a sweet bath bomb from Lush!- - - - - - - - - - - - - Facial Cream- - - - - - - - - - - - - Imperialis face moisturizer ($22.95). After 30 your skin can change. With my allergies my skin can be really dry at times. I was looking for an alternative to my Hydramax + Active from CHANEL ($72). In the end the Imperialis face moisturizer does a decent job but does not do the wonderful job the Hydraxmax from CHANEL does. One draw back to the Imperialis face cream is the scent- its a tad too strong for me to use on my face. Definitely, would not purchase this product again- on the scent alone.- - - - - - - - - - - Foot Cream- - - - - - - - - - - I love and adore the Pied de Pepper foot cream! The spicy scents of clove, cinnamon and ginger are just so soothing to my soul. My hubby who gives me foot massages believes this cream is a tad too strong on the scent. Keeps my feet super moist and soft. Do be sure to put socks on after because this lotion stained our bedsheets with a light purple color :(- - - - - - - - - - - - - Massage Bars- - - - - - - - - - - - - Wiccy Magic Muscles - made with cinnamon oil, mint, cinnamon and aduki beans is just pure bliss for tired muscles or dry skin. I love the Wiccy Magic Muscles massage bar for when I get dry patches of skin due to eczema. I also picked up the Mago Too massage bar which undoubtedly is one of my most favorite Lush products- with the most amazing scent of miele, mango, white chocolate, cocoa, vanilla, peppermint and orange. The awesome thing about Lush is in their newsletter they tell you exactly what ingredients are in their products helping me navigate which products are allergy friendly for me. If there is one thing you will remember from this review is - BATH BOMBS (get one and you will be one happy camper!)Noelle's NotesKendall offers excellent customer service ((she helped me find allergy friendly products)) for my Lush purchase!
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,5/25/2012,322,342,10,11,7>I try to stay away from eating lamb....because I'm a sucker for cute animals..but I can't pity you guys anymore, too delicious! I will start eating you guys--only here though, but forever!!!Lamb chili kabob was absolutely delicious. He asked me if I wanted it juicy(that's what she said) and it came out completely moist, flavorful, and delicious. I would recommend asking them to make your kabobs juicy because they're really easy to chew and come out moist. Came with salsa, toasty flat bread, & rice. Delicious.Chicken tikka kabob was super moist and delicious as well. I thought it'd be like a tikka masala taste('cause the same word tikka) but the guy told me tikka means cut meat. But it's SO good, comes with same stuff as lamb chili kabob & I don't know which one tastes better. Honestly, this place is probably the best middle eastern joint I've been to.I was also offered to try their baklava, which is incredibly good. It's hard to chew on, but because it's so tasty, it breaks down in your mouth quickly & ugh....melt in your mouth goodness. The complimentary tea there is great too, I love tea. The friendly guy said if you want a seat during lunch, try to get there by 12 because it gets busy.Next time I will try a lamb chili wrap!
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,5/24/2012,304,267,11,14,11>Wow what can I say, this place is great yo...the GiGi Monster went in for the full treatment, haircut, ear cleaning, teeth cleaning, and even the bath...came back smelling so fresh n so clean, and back to being the cute cuddly GiGi Bear, any place that can turn a monster into a bear is worth a look i say!?!...she has restored her swag and will definitely be hitting up the clubs this weekends and turning heads!!!The quality of haircuts and the customer service here beats PetSmart, Petco, or any other pet  grooming place hands down!As the Men's Wearhouse Guy would say "You're going to like the way you look; I guarantee it"
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,5/23/2012,311,365,6,10,9>The cakes are delicious -- and the cookies by the pound? Yes please! We came in recently to savor their little cookies and ended up with a whole bag of delightful mouthfuls! I was so pleasantly surprised by their baked goods -- little chocolate chip cookies, nutty mexican wedding cookies, and others. It was a smorgasbord in a mini bag!And the cakes are wonderful too - we ordered a burnt almond cake for our friend's going away party and it was full of crunch, texture, and airy just-so sweet cake. Not to mention a beautiful chocolate panel carefully placed on top with our sentiments written in white chocolate. :)Thank you La Patisserie!
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,5/22/2012,288,435,5,7,7>OMG one of the very few places with freshly made frozen yogurt. Pros:Service: I've been going here for years, and the service has always been super helpful and friendly. I love the lady that runs and serves her clients, shes a true boss lady. Beverages: There is a simple menu of milk teas, smoothies, and juices. I'd recommend try one of their smoothies mixed with yogurt, super creamy and filling. Desserts: There is a selection of frozen yogurt, ice cream, saved iced, and there's also some savory items. Another dessert that I enjoyed there is their hot tofu dessert with ginger, great dessert for colder evenings. The only disappointment I have is that parking can be a bit of pain due to the fact since its in the Rance 99 plaza, with a large super market, local vendors, and restaurants. Overall, this place has been a favorite since I was young and there's a lot of local loyal patrons that come here often. If you're tired of the long wait at Bambu, then walk over and try this place out for yourself.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,5/21/2012,112,70,28,14,12>With both glutes tight and sore, I needed someone to penetrate my butt...HARD (with their elbows, that is)!!!I called to set up an appointment. The lady on the other line was sweet and informative. Arriving at my set time, I was immediately led to the back to get my massage. I was introduced to my masseuse, Lili. Then, I requested that she punish my butt. Lili began soaking my feet in a bucket of warm water while massaging my half-nekked body as I sat up and relaxed...ahhhh...She then told me to lie face-down on the massage table and WENT TO TOWN! She mounted me as I lied there like a limp fish, as I allowed Lili to have her way with me. Deeper and deeper into my butt she went as I transitioned from feelings of pleasure to pain with each penetrating stroke.An hour later, after Lili finished, we cuddled and had a cigarette...JK. Lili was awesome and she put every ounce of effort from her 100lb body into the 60-min massage. My whole body, let alone glutes, was completely loose and relaxed the next day.I'll definitely be back as this place was professional, clean, friendly, and very relaxing!!! Tip well, these folks work extremely hard!!
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,5/20/2012,284,324,5,10,7>I finally had the chance to check this restaurant out after many recommendations+ yelp reviews. I had reservations at 8:15pm for a party of four for my friend's 23rd birthday. The restaurant decor is nice, very simple and classy. We decided to order:1. Bread- My favorite of the bunch was the sour dough. i LOVE their sun-dried tomato spread--so delicious! :) 2. Ahi Tuna Tartarer--I actually enjoyed this dish considering I'm not a huge ran of raw food. It paired well with the toasted bread. 3. 20 oz. aged Cowboy Ribeye- I usually order mines medium but since we we're all sharing, a majority of my friends enjoy their meat medium rare. The meat was surprisingly good, i liked that there we're a variety of sauces we pair our meat with. 4. Dry-aged new york steak- This was probably my favorite out of the two. This meat was packed with flavor and was good by itself. 5. Duck fat fries- The fries we're good, it stayed crispy till the very end. But at the same time, it just tasted like regular fries to me. I was expecting a kick of flavor. You can say i left a little disappointed..but don't get me wrong, it was still tasty. 6. Truffle mac and cheese- This side dish was SO GOOD and probably the best I've ever had. Creamy, flavorful, cheesy with the right amount of truffle oil!7. Chocolate molten cake with Salty Caramel Ice Cream, Hazelnut Praline. I personally like the dessert because I'm a HUGE fan of sweet and salty :) I did however wish they caramel ice cream had a more caramel-y flavor to it. Overall, the food was really good and we all left stuffed. The steaks are definitely not as big as say.. Alexander's Steakhouse but I'd prefer these steaks/sides instead. The meat was packed with flavor and they have better side sauces!  Minus 1 star-Service on the other hand does not compare. Our server wasn't very attentive and i wish he acknowledged my friend's birthday a little more instead of just at the very end. I feel like we barely saw him and when he was around, it was very quick. The server that was helping our main server, was WAY more helpful. I wish i got his name! (he brought out our dishes, refilled our waters, got us a wine menu, helped us take a group picture, and etc). So who ever you are, thank you! :) I would return again!
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,5/19/2012,894,377,6,7,6>Huge portions of food and for the price, you can't beat that! It was 7:30pm and I ordered their special, Banh Cuon Dac Biet. Sadly, they were all out of banh cuon!! All they had was banh ut which is basically the same kind of...just without the meat...If you check into Yelp you get a free soda or small bowl of broth. I chose the broth.I also ordered Bun Nem Nuong w/ Bi. When the ban ut dac biet came out I started to snatch a few bites of my friends plate. The dish would have really been a lot better with Banh Cuon...still good but could have been better being my first time here.My bun nem nuong w/ bi was huge! I couldn't believe how much it was. I had to take out some bean sprouts and lettuce because there was so much of it in the bowl After mixing chili and fish sauce in it every bite was so good. The server forgot to bring me my broth -__- and I had to ask for it towards the end of my meal. They dont skimp on nem nuong here. I was so full. The bill was less than $20!!! I asked for hot tea to go and the guy didn't charge me. That made up for almost forgetting my broth. Great place for cheap eats in a viet plaza. They close at 8pm though.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,3/26/2012,288,379,3,10,9>I came here over the weekend on Christmas eve. This was one of the few restaurants that I called and they were open for dinner. We made reservations at 7:15pm but when we came there were plenty of tables available so reservation weren't really needed that day. I assume many was at home eating dinner with their family or is at some sort of Christmas event. We ordered: Tea leaf salad: This was like on everyone's quick tip and reviews so I had to try it. They bring it out on a plate with salad, tea leaf in the middle, tomatoes, sunflower seeds, peanuts, and some other nuts on the side. Then the server would tell us a bit about the dish and then she would mix it up and serve us. I thought this dish had a very unique taste and we both enjoyed it. But towards the end it got a bit too salty. If I were to come back and order and this dish again, I would ask for a bit less tea leaf cause that was what made it so salty. Roti Prata: I absolutely love this! The best ones I've had so far was at Banana Leaf but then I don't really like the food there so it's hard for me to keep on coming back there. The ones they have here are made thicker but it's still as good if not better and the dipping sauce is just as good. Basil Beef: This dish was good, I had no complaints about it whatsoever. We enjoyed it over our white rice so it was good. I would definitely come back here again and try more of their dishes..like their curry or lamb dishes. We were really stuffed after our meal so for once we ordered just the right amount of food cause we managed to finish everything. I was only planning to give this place a 4stars, but then decided to give it 5stars since they have the friendliest servers ever. Our servers were smiling the whole time and they made our experience just perfect. They didn't make us feel weird or anything, we felt welcome and was at ease at all time. I will totally recommend this restaurants to others.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,3/25/2012,2,247,8,15,11>Simpler food from a simpler era. The beauty here is that this type of classic place takes the focus from pretentious dining to a focus on the company you're with. So, first you need to decide what you want before coming here.-If its drop dead amazing, orgasmic, innovative, fine Italian cuisine...you may be slightly disappointed.-If you want a cheap Italian fix like you'd get in a chain restaurant...you'll be disappointed(so will your wallet).-If you want a decent meal(with large menu options), cool old school ambiance, good conversing atmosphere, and don't mind dropping a little more than you should for the quality of food, this is it. Amazingly, I've passed Original Joes dozens of times without any inclining on stepping in. I don't often eat at Italian restaurants because I can usually makemuch better pastas and lasagna at home. With some tough to please company today, we settled on this as our lunch choice due to menu appealing to all appetites and diets(enough vegetarian friendly dishes to suffice). Immediately you realize that you're stepping into a classic vintage style restaurant given the lighting, dark wood, leather, waiters in tuxes, and seating style. The ambiance was enough to get me interested, and that doesn't happen very often. The lunch menu is essentially the same as the dinner menu, which seems a bit pricey for lunch. They do have sandwich selections and salads for $10-$12, but most entrees are still easily $18+. The menu is diverse and offers a lot to all appetites. From seafood to beef to pastas and everything in between. I will say here though that of all the meals I saw(and sampled), I wasn't blown away by any of them. They were ok, but nothing that has any lasting impression. The salads were basically huge pieces of romaine with huge pieces of vegetables mixed in. The marinara sauce lacked a special kick. The sandwiches seemed pretty basic and lackluster. The only thing I was really impressed with was the authentic spumoni, delicioso! I'd have to say that even with not amazing food, and slightly overpriced for the quality, I'd still come back for the overall ambiance and style. It's a great place to take a special someone, small group of friends or family, and enjoy some conversation. It'll take you back a few decades to a simpler time were the company was as important as the food.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,3/24/2012,241,320,4,8,4>I've decided to upgrade to 4 stars for this place. We had some delivered to my office today for lunch and at this point, i can honestly say that i could care less that these may not be the most authentic thing on the block, they are darn good.  ESPECIALLY the churri sauce. Mmoon, you've made a fan out of me!
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,3/23/2012,254,468,8,9,8>I'm so pissed that I went almost four years not knowing this place existed! Even more so, that I had settled for a mediocre place miles from here. BAH!However, I have to thank all the girls below me, my fellow Yelper's who helped me find this place. A few of the girls mentioned Tina and her skills at waxing so I came here searching for her.Today I was able to book an appointment the same day to see Tina for a wax. Not only did she move quickly but she listened to my needs, offered suggestions, and was generally a nice person to do business with. My waxing job was MUCH more pain free then other places I've been to. At first, I was scared that it wouldn't be done to satisfy me because she was moving so fast however once I saw the results I was amazed. Now that's what you call a pro. I'm also looking into getting my eye brows air brushed from her. She has 10 years of experience doing it and has a special going on : $80 (normally $100+) In fact, while I was waiting for her to start she got 2 phone calls for this very service.... if her phone is ringing off the hook, then she's gotta be good right?! Another thing that was great was the relaxing atmosphere of the waxing room and bed. Normally, I'm use to a tiny room with glaring lights but I found no such thing here. More like calm colors, A/C (BIG PLUS), soothing music.The shop itself looked clean and updated to me. Someone mentioned ghetto in another post.... really? Nah, not here. This place was definitely not in the realm of ghetto. I've been going to salon's since I was 15. I've seen some ghetto shops. It is on the small side but looks like they have everything they need to run a beauty shop. I'll leave you with the best part: the prices. Normally, you don't find prices like this with service like this. Usually, it's shitty service if things are cheap but not here! These are prices I'd find on the east side but I don't have to drive there! yay! (trust me I know, I use to live on the east side for 19 yrs) I most definitely recommend Tina for waxing. I'll be back to review man/pedi/air brush when I go back in the coming weeks. So far, I'm hooked.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,3/22/2012,109,202,5,10,5>Fantasia is hands down my favorite place for pearl drinks. They hit the spot like no other pearl drinks could ever do. This place is indeed my favorite Fantasia chain. They have the nicest customers and it's never packed! Before, during, and after work I would always stop by and grab a drink or TWO! When I have enough cash on hand, I can never help myself but to stop by and slip on some deliciousness!This place was really hard to find at first. It was hidden on the back corner of a round-about. It's easily missed and took me a long time to find it. I drove around the entire plaza looking and kept missing it. Keep your eyes peeled for the round-about if you're looking for this place!
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,3/21/2012,1806,1048,9,15,13>I really enjoy their milk tea!  I can't wait to try out their other teas since its quality seems top notch and non-powdery!The flavor of the teas are so fresh and light, which makes me want to try out their other ones!Try it out!  Too bad they don't open late like other boba joints though!
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,3/20/2012,128,288,16,19,12>Dear Ike the Sandwich Man, I want to kiss you on your little bald head. You are a genius! Or just a really big stoner...I heard about the grand opening of this new Ike's Lair location today and took advantage of the 50% deal they had going on all day kekekeI ordered the Menage A Trois because of all my fellow Yelpers raving about this particular sandwich and of course I got it on dutch crunch. That's like default bread to go with here, and I can see why. The bread had a nice crunchiness on the outside, soft on the inside, and it had also started to soak in all the sauces. The halal chicken was seasoned nicely, very faint, but you are still able to distinguish it from the saucenami going on in the sammich. Veggies were also fresh and crunchy. Very solid sandwich, perfect for people with a case of the munchies. There were so many different flavors attacking my taste buds but in the end, they all worked very well together.So after scarfing down my sandwich, I couldn't help but think "how high do you have to be to put all of these things together?..." It's like he just raids his fridge and throws everything he can find between some bread. BUT everything works so well it's like well organized, well thought out chaos.Service was very efficient during my visit today. The lady took my order as I was waiting in line, handed me my little order slip, and I walked over to the register when it was available and paid for my little piece of heaven. There is maybe enough seating for about 20 people but they have metal counters all along the back so you can just stand up and munch away.Now the biggest problem with this location is the parking. Parking sucks, nobody knows how to drive, and there's no street parking. So yeahhh, good luck with that. Bus stop is right in front, just sayin...I will definitely be back to try everything else on the menu. Something about sloppy sandwiches dripping sauce everywhere is just so delicious.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,3/19/2012,1114,1200,12,14,15>Alexander's is one restaurant that had never disappointed me. The food - perfect. The service - impeccable. This is a place I always look forward to no matter how many times I have dined there. This review is one that I have been quite reluctant to start. I wanted desperately to have some quality photos that would do this place justice. It wasn't easy. Taking a huge DSLR camera and all the bulky accessories with you to a fine restaurant already requires some courage. Revolving around a piece of steak, snapping photos at all different angles will certainly raise some eyebrows. Sometimes I wonder if this is the reason why some of my friends stop asking me out for dinner. It was my mom's birthday and I wasn't sure if it is a good idea to make her wait 10 minutes before each course. A little unsatisfied still, I just quietly put down my camera bag and slipped my Canon S90 back into my purse.Hamachi Shots, Truffle Fries, Lobster Mac n Cheese. I am sure you have heard a lot about these famous signature items. There is a good reason why this is one of the most Loved restaurant in Silicon Valley. You will have to try it to understand. Choosing a steak cut is a very personal thing. My heart always belong to the tiny little filet mignon. While their filet was nicely done, it was just comparable to many of the good ones I have had. Their prime rib though, really swiped me off my feet. It was the best. Perfect temperature. Lovely marbling. The dipping sauce was subtle but creative. The price here is very reasonable consider the quality of food and service you received. Service was impeccable. I know I am repeating myself but I really want to empathize. The waitstaff was professional, attentive and non intrusive. They just noticed we were celebrating a birthday and quietly brought out sprinkling drinks and birthday dessert. The host certainly went extra miles to make sure you feel cared for. My mom, who usually dislikes restaurant making a big fuss about birthdays with silly songs and cheers, found the experience to be very appropriate. Alexander's Steakhouse. Still my favorite restaurant in bay area.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,3/18/2012,490,412,12,15,14>Traveling thru Thailand I got my share of traffic, smog, heat, and just about every other uncomfortable feeling one can associate with in being in a country with too many people all clustered in metropolitan Bangkok.  That's why I prefer to stay in the rural beach towns.No matter where I go in Thailand, good food always seems to follow me.  Just about every place I ate at had the customary fish sauce, basil, and bird chilies.  The dishes at Honey Thai also packed the wallop of flavors, but I know they ratchet it down for the super sensitive tongues most of the diners here have.  Not me.I asked for dishes to be 7 on the scale, and it just did not hit me.  Next time I'm asking for a 12.  And yes, I will be back.
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,3/17/2012,878,405,12,16,16>For quick snacks, gotta love the variety here.  For what I've had so far, I would return...and frequently.  I've enjoyed their Sweet Red Bean roll, Melon bread, and Jalapeno Hot Dog bun.  The Spaghetti rolls were carbolicious.  My favorite here is the Unagi bread...pretty amazing.  Even though I'm a fan of Unagi sushi rolls in general, I just think their "bread-instead-of-rice" concept is innovative and delicious.  (yelp.com/biz_photos/NQ0K)Speaking of rice, after inhaling their triangle teriyaki spam seaweed wrap, I ended up buying a few more for the road.  Crunchy seaweed is the way to go!
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/21/2013,436,200,10,16,10>***Review is for nightlife ONLY***I've been wanting to come here for happy hour, but due to my extreme hermit mode lifestyle, I haven't had the chance to... fortunately my friend just recently moved here from LA and asked to hang out in DTSJ. I thought to myself, "Downtown? Oh goodness... might as well try SP2 since everywhere else is no bueno" Pro's:- Not packed like most places, but I'm sure a some people would see this as a con... I just hate being squished between people, spilling drinks while walking. Not my scene.- HUGE outdoor patio area with plenty of couch seating + bar seating.- 2 bars: Indoor AND outdoor bar *OUTDOOR BAR IS CASH ONLY*- Several stalls in the bathroom and kept clean- Music isn't super loud so no screaming in each other's ears.- Friendly staff. - Parking structure right across the street for $7 flat rate. Open until 2 AM.- Walking distance to La Vic's for those drunchies (totally irrelevant, but must be noted).Con's:- Cash only at the outdoor bar... c'mon guys, only SUPER Asian restaurants do cash only.- A little hard to find. FYI PEOPLE this place is between Blush and San Pedro Bistro and Wine. Don't look for a door, look for a huge gate with leaves all around with a security card standing in front of it. Seriously can easily go unnoticed.This place is just REALLY chill. There's just no other way to explain it! So don't come here with dancing feet or your ratchet crown, because this place is not the place. I'm glad there's SOMEWHERE in downtown that opens as late as the other grimy places without having to be grimy.My nightlife experience here has made me want to try dining in THAT much more than before! Crossing my fingers they having some vegan friendly options :)Highly recommend. It's a really different vibe here!
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,11/20/2013,414,400,12,14,11>"Stop looking for, looking for, the one" Asian fusion! Tina's Tips and Tantrums - Mom and pop shop, going on their fourth year if I'm correct - Believe it, no tantrums - Parking is limited, but you'll be able to find a space though, if not park across the street and walk on over (Never been a problem at all)- Best service by Irene and Angie (her mama)- More than willing to give samples- Always fresh and new, never serve old items. Made to order, of requested - Plenty of tables to dine in and enjoy looking at the antique decor- As mentioned before, Asian fusion place that serves Vietnamese, Chinese, and Thai- Delivers as well! And I've called to order party platter trays. They always have it ready by the time promised. - Decent pricing for yummy food- Way better than Panda Express if you want to compare, doesn't come close- Not only foods, but serves smoothies, Thai tea, Vietnamese coffee, and there items I don't have at the top of my head- Will be back to see the smiles and wonderful service
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,11/19/2013,739,432,21,23,20>Nothing says "enjoying nature" like having your retreat in the middle of a forest of redwoods, the tallest trees in the world. Redwood Christian Park makes it possible with a beautiful campus, fine accommodations and easy access to trails, all less than an hour's drive from Silicon Valley (if you take windy Highway 9).GROUNDS: (4.5 stars)--------------------------------The location and grounds are simply beautiful. Each building is designed with rustic flair, and the campus is big enough to enjoy exploring, but not too big to get lost in. There's a small stream and a footbridge by the dining hall, cabins secluded in groves of trees, a large field to play in, a prayer chapel, and coolest of all....A massive recreation of Noah's Ark! Large enough to hold classrooms on the deck level and perhaps a large hall in the hull. Now that's aesthetic AND functional!There's a good amount of recreation: a volleyball court, swimming pool, ping pong tables and a tiny archery range (two bales of hay). Equipment is not provided.ROOMS: (4.5 stars)--------------------------------Rooms range from humble cabins to deluxe rooms that rival a decent hotel room; and then swanky cottages, in a category of their own, with full amenities. The wife and I were pleased to have a "select" room, one step up from a cabin, with two beds, a writing desk and a small bathroom. Towels and soap were provided. There was also unprotected WiFi access in my room, and not some crappy DSL speeds either! Definitely not the norm for a campsite!FOOD: (3.5 stars)--------------------------------The food was your typical cafeteria-style buffet. Various days' mashups were:* Eggs and potatoes* Pancakes and sausages* Hamburgers and hot dogs* Tri-tip and potatoes* Roast chicken and broccoli* Lemon chicken and saladThe food was enjoyable, but nothing in particular stood out as super flavorful. At one point, a rice porridge was served that was very bland (though I appreciate the kitchen staff trying to cater to this large group of Chinese people). Also, the chicken kept running out and was slow to be replaced, but there was always ample tri-tip.. hmmm...HIKING: (4 stars)--------------------------------A 3-mile loop of trails is nearby, with access from the west and east ends of the campground. You can get a free trail map from the bookstore (highly recommended). At one of the trail ends is a 6-foot wooden cross, requiring a moderate climb to reach (a metaphor for the Christian life, perhaps?). Worth checking out.Just stay off the "Sandstone Path". It's one of the dotted lines on the map and is a very poorly defined trail cutting through a neighborhood, the banks of a stream, or who knows what.OVERALL: (4.4 stars)--------------------------------RCP is not perfect, but neither are we in this life (hey, another metaphor). RCP offers a feature-rich stay at a very reasonable price, bringing their total rating up a bit. We had a very pleasant stay and would definitely enjoy coming back!
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,11/18/2013,21,145,1,20,7>I'm so glad we hired movers, and they did a good enough job.  I hired 3 movers and their truck and it took them 7 hours to move a 2 bedroom apartment.The good:- Online booking was easy and straightforward- Yelp deal $20 for $50 worked without question- Discount on the hourly rate if paying cash- They provide all the blankets and wrap needed to try and protect your furniture and TVs- They worked hard and were friendly- They helped disassemble and assemble beds, etc.The "bad":- Was never able to reach their main office to confirm details or get questions answered- They took a 1.75 hour lunch and transit time, and tried to claim most of it as working time (the commute between our moving-to and moving-from is about 20 minutes)- There was minor cosmetic damage to several items of furniture.  Not enough to bother with an insurance claim (raise my premiums) but enough to deduct a star.One thing to consider if you're booking movers:  after 7 hours of moving us, they were definitely tired.  But then they told us they often have 2 or 3 jobs a day - I would caution anyone who is booked as the 2nd or 3rd job for a day!  You want these guys fresh in the morning.Bottom line: glad I hired them, but 7 hours was more than I expected (time and $$$) and it's annoying to have cosmetic damage that can't really be fixed.I would give 3.5 stars if possible.*(See my two pictures of cosmetic damage)
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,11/17/2013,366,164,7,7,3>Ever since I was honored with the shiny Elite badge, I have been trying to accomplish the impossible: Becoming a skinny Yelper! I know I can't be the only Yelper that wakes up every morning and thinks to herself, "Should I give up the life of a foodie so I can fit into my clothes again??" Give me a shoutout if this happens to you too...Milpitas Sports Center is a great facility for a quick weekday gym session. You can purchase a drop-in day pass for $5/day, or commit to a package deal $3/day for a minimum of 5 days.  The facility offers various group exercises classes (Zumba, Yoga, kickboxing, etc), water classes, and open gym for basketball and volleyball. The weight room is pretty basic, nothing too fancy - treadmills, ellipticals, bicycles, stepmaster, free weights, and machines.  You can sign up for personal training sessions at the front desk for an additional charge.  Or you can be like me, stand near them and secretly copy their exercises.  The only downside is that the center closes early on Fridays and Saturdays at 2pm and closed on Sundays all day.  But hey, for $3/day, you can't beat that price!  Now the only question left is should I spend $3 on a hot bikini body or on a cheeseburger, animal style, extra lettuce, grilled onions, add peppers?  The Yelper's Dilemma...
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,11/16/2013,238,229,8,14,10>The last time I have been here was before the remodel and I have to say..Good job on the remodel. I mean now it's like a mini theme park for for kids under 8. Now there is walk ways and cement and seating and just fun things for kids and very educational too.I  came with my son's class on a field trip and man did I see hundreds of kids line up from other schools to go inside too but once we got inside it wasn't crowded which is a very good thing. The park was nice enough to give the kids fast pass for the rides since all the kids had special needs. I felt really bad for this one ride (the dragon story ride) we saw that it was about to end and we rushed over there to get in line and they let us all on the ride so the people in front that has been waiting looked pretty pissed but hey be thankful you don't have to wait in the handicap line like we do.There was a petting zoo part and that was pretty cool. You get to feed the animals and pet them. They even have little areas that had a play structures. Like I said this place is a mini theme park for little kids, you can do so many things, from riding on rides to looking at animals, peting zoo and jungle gym.Oh and what's nice is they have a new parking area on Story Rd, which I think is so much better than trying to get into the place off Senter. And plus you get to walk on that cool looking bridge you see off Story. I'm sure people wondered what that was...it takes you right to the front entrance of the park..well Happy Hollow Zoo.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,11/15/2013,108,214,10,11,14>***100th REVIEW***My 100th review had to be somewhere special so I choose the San Jose Rose Garden. Its importance begins with what a beautiful garden and landmark the San Jose Rose Garden is. My parents were married at the fountain. They choose a beautiful day in September and the flowers were in full bloom as I have seen in pictures. Growing up, this was our go to picnic spot. The San Jose Rose Garden is separated into two huge areas. One side is an open field with some picnic tables- perfect for graduations (Lincoln and Willow Glen High school both use this side) or sporting events. The other side is where all of the flowers are. During the year the Rose Garden holds some volunteer days where you can learn how to prune the bushes and in return they give you a free bulb! One year if you had signed up with Disney, you could earn a free ticket into the park if you participated in pruning day. We live close so we often take walks around the perimeter of the park. It is a great workout and you will often see dogs being walked, and joggers. The homes surrounding the Rose Garden are exquisite. It is really a lovely area in San Jose and if you have the chance to stroll through the gardens, go for it!
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,11/14/2013,777,314,25,25,23>New joint at The Plant that I noticed and been wanting to try so I thought I'd axe my Slumdog neighbor for a Brokeback bromance meet-up since he's so close.  Little did we know beautiful ladies like Ly D, Denise L, and Cat V were gonna crash our party.  Who's gonna complain when you have such gorgeous eye candy?We sat down and everyone ordered peach soju except me, who prefers the manly Lychee.  That drink taste like it came straight from the nearby Tapioca Express!  It was sweet as the ladies that adorned our table.  The peach was not bad, but paled next to the Lychee next to Ly D (recognize my mad rap skills).Since it was HH (9pm to closing), we were being our typical Asian selves and ordered off the cheap menu.  We got the nachos, tacos, calamari, salt and pepper prawns, and of course the free banchan.   I would have ordered the Tae Kwon Do wings, but since the Slumdog said it was "just ok", it was a negative on the Tae Kwon Don't wings.The nachos were good because the chips stayed crunchy despite having drizzled guac, sour cream, cheese, bimbibap, and kimchi.  The tacos were yummy and also stuffed with the tender beef.  The prawns were deep fried but wasn't greasy and quite tasty.  The calamari/mussels were sitting in this spicy soup that came with toasted sourdough bread so you can soak up that juice and burn some more.  There wasn't a whole lot of calamari and I actually thought it would be deep fried also, but was simmered and had only a few pieces.  Our lovely server Tia was SO awesome.  She was everything a perfect waitress should be:  Attentive, helpful, gracious, polite, knowledgeable, and PURDY!  Throughout the night she transitioned from waitress to friend.  Since we stayed late after closing time, she brought out sake bombs compliments of Mark the owner and tilted one back with us.  Then as if that wasn't enough, she later brought out shot with Rasberry flavored beer that Deep said tasted like Robutussin.  Lol!The environment was cool with music and TV and became even better after closing time of 10pm.  It felt more like a house party than a restaurant especially when the workers included you in their celebration.  Before we knew it, it was already almost 11:30 before we closed the place down despite their 10pm closing time Sun-Thurs.  They stay open until midnight on Fri and Sat so there is more time to indulge in that deceptive soju that tries to masquerade itself as a smoothie but there is hidden alcohol in that toxic concoction.  Just don't drink and drive.  There is a convenient cemetery nearby that is happy to make room for the irresponsible.
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,11/13/2013,711,1302,5,8,7>On the way to pick up meds the boy caught sight of the KP San Jose Farmers' Market. We hadn't eaten breakfast yet, so we uniformly decided to drop in and check the place out.The KP Market is a little like the Blossom Hill market. Tamales, Samosas, Kettle Corn. I enjoyed the Tamales here a little more than the one's at Blossom, as they were slightly cheaper and much less processed. They also had a larger variety of food vendors and a Thai Street cookery that the boy adored.Heck, they even had a bounce house for the kids.All in all while KP's Market is a little on the small side, it's quaint and good for a drop in when you're in the area and hungry but it's missing the size of Blossom and the higher end style of Willow Glen.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,11/12/2013,153,396,4,15,11>Guocui is a new Chinese restaurant that opened in the old space of Bar Code. They have a small but interesting menu that includes appetizers (wings, pot stickers) and their signature soup dishes served in a clay pot. You choose the soup base (original, fragrant & spicy, snappy & spicy, or sour & spicy) and the toppings (beef, pork, lamb, seafood, or vegetarian). You also choose whether you want handmade noodles or tea infused rice. All soups come with small side dishes like salad, soy beans, tofu, and dumplings.Similar to what other yelpers have said, this is a unique restaurant concept since most of the restaurants we see nowadays serve pho, hotpot, or ramen. We tried the original and fragrant and spicy, and found both broths to have good flavor. One recommendation may be to offer a less sodium alternative because I found the soups to be a little salty. The homemade noodles had good texture and chewiness. The sliced beef had good flavor, and the pork riblets were very tender.I found the prices to be a little expensive ($12.50 for most soups, $18.50 for the lamb) since it's a casual restaurant. However, the service and atmosphere were good. I'd go back if I'm in the mood for clay pot soup noodle, and I recommend checking it out!
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,1/29/2013,475,273,9,14,9>Mmmmmmm, bacon...Guacamole with bits of bacon and roasted pistachios on it?!  Salmon tacos with a delicious array of toppings on it, including bits of bacon?!  A tequila based mojito with bacon sprinkled on top?!  Juuuuust kidding about the mojito...Not everything on the menu has bacon on it, haha, I think that is just how we ended up ordering.  And everything that we ordered was really, really tasty.  Even minus the bacon.  The guacamole was ¡fuera de este mundo!  My salmon tacos were like no taco I've ever had before.  And our complimentary dessert of pumpkin fritters with horchata ice cream?! Phew!  Way to win us over Zona Rosa!!The staff were extremely nice and generous.  All of our dishes were very well prepared and presented just as beautifully as they tasted.  Really a nice twist on the usual Mexican meal!
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/28/2013,791,668,6,10,8>Let me start off by saying that I am not a car person, and I'm pretty clueless when it comes to vehicles.  This often makes me leave an auto repair shop feeling incredibly confused, feeling mildly ripped off and knowing that I have just wasted a large chunk of my day.  Art Strange Auto Repair redefined how I think about auto repair.  Who would have thought that you could actually get good service for your car?  Oh, the power of mom and pop shops.We arrived and were greeted promptly.  Before the service was completed we were given an estimate.  We just got the oil and filter changed and asked for a visual inspection.  The inspection was completely free which I thought was really nice.  Over the phone when I scheduled the appointment, I was quoted 45 minutes for service time, and believe it or not, I arrived at 8:15am and had my car ready by 9:00am.  I was very pleased with the experience.  They took the time to explain things to me about my car, they were honest about rates that you will find in the surrounding area, they weren't offended and didn't look down on me when I asked "stupid questions".... all in all, a great experience.  I think I have found my regular auto repair shop. :)
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,1/27/2013,879,323,6,9,7>As others have noted, this place has fantastic tortas!  We tried to scour Yelp to see which one is the most popular to order, but it seems that all of them are legit!  I had the asada torta, and gobbled it down so quickly. I do sort of wish it was on brioche or a french roll instead of the pita-like bread, but no matter, the filling was generous in size and oh so delicious.  Their orange juice is squeezed on the spot, and is much more affordable for a generously large cup than the shwanky brunch places where you're not quite convinced if it's truly fresh squeezed.  Their baked goods are amazing too.  While standing in a long line, they passed out fresh croissants to everyone, which was a nice treat on the house.  I bought their dulce de leche cake, which was incredibly moist and tasty.  They have a half-flan-half -cake that I want to try and purchase to bring to a party some time too (they were sold out last time I tried).TLDR: Fabulous tortas.  Great freshly baked goods!
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,1/26/2013,9,127,5,6,4>So, a co-worker walked into the office a few days ago with a smirk on his face and a load of sourdough in his hands.  Apparently, he had wandered into the new Boudin trying to order lunch, and they weren't actually open yet (although the place was wide open, the menu's out, and they were baking bread).  The manager was nice enough to give him an invite to their pre-opening training lunch, which was free.  Yup, that's free.  Free lunch.  Provided its not Round Table, I'm there.So, overall...it's the same basic menu as the Boudin's in SF on Fisherman's Wharf, with the exception of adding hamburgers to the menu.  That's not a bad thing either--Boudin makes a killer sourdough.  I had the clam chowder in a bread bowl.  While good (with some salt and pepper), it's just not the same when you aren't fighting off overweight pigeons and tourists for seats near the water.  Another guest with me had the mushroom hamburger, and he mentioned it was quite excellent.  Seating was ample, and the service was good.So, while I went there the first day it was semi-open to the public, definitely recommended.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,1/25/2013,185,143,7,11,7>People, ladies and gents ,  folks of all ages, they offer live lobster for 7.99! Grab your bibs and have your self a seafood Fest ! Along with lobster they have a wide assortment of seafood . Live tilapia , shrimp , clams , oysters, etc not mention the wide  assortment of fish they offer. Bunch of Mint for 0.79 cents tons  of staple Asian cusine herbs that could not be found else where like bitter herb ( used in Hoi An noodle dishes), bean sprout blossoms ( under acknowledge crunchy delicacy ) , variety of mushrooms ( oyster , shiitake , Enoki , trumpet ). My new favorite market to grab specialty items, they have a pan Asian selection at competitive prices.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,1/24/2013,221,169,7,9,7>I love Gochi!!!!I came here for lunch first and thought it was sooo delicious. I got the side pork belly with kimchi bowl with hot udon. It was so flavorful and filling, I definitely recommend this.I was then told by a coworker that I have to come for dinner. So another coworker and I decided to eat at Gochi one night we were working late and we were blown away!I can't remember what we got but seriously, everything they have on the menu is DELICIOUS. We've tried a few things from each section and my favorites to choose from are the carpaccio, pizza or claypots. Everything has it's own distinct flavor and taste. After you're done filling up, make sure you save room for dessert. I don't care if you're full, If you are at Gochi, you must try the green tea creme brulee ice cream!!!!!OH AND MAKE SURE YOU GET A SOCHU COCKTAIL!
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,1/23/2013,392,181,8,10,11>I wish I could give this place 10 stars because it really is off the scale!To start, I've never really delved in Muslim-Chinese food before aside from this one restaurant near De Anza College. Their food here is great - very simple, homestyle, and hearty. The sesame pancake, boiled fish (fish fillet in an oil filled chili bath) and lamb sticks are solid. You can't go wrong with that comforting combination, especially when it's cold out.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,1/22/2013,465,85,6,13,10>You want some good service and food? This is the place to go. Plus drinks too! It just opened yesterday December 20th, 2012. I went today on the 21st. Made my tag on the wall also! yay! They have a lot of food on the menu to select from, but what my mom and I ate:Combo number 2 which included: (seasoning choice: Kickin' Style (lemon peper, cajun louisiana, and garlic butter) Medium)- 1 Dungeness Crab: was really fresh according to my mom. It was a very large crab and was cooked perfectly (not over done). - 1lb Shrimp: they were good although on the small side. Some of the shrimp was over cooked since they did stick to the skin. I'd recommend eating those first from the bag. - 1lb Clams: clams were pretty big and was good.- 2 Corns: SUPER SWEET!!!- 2 Potatoes: This is the first that I've had a potato in the bag but it was definitely a good addition. - 4 sausages: Had a kick to it which tasted really good. The seasoning was really good. I saw some spices in the sauces and there was a lot of garlic! thats a +!- Oysters: They were really different from any other fresh oysters I have tasted. If anything I'd say they were slightly cooked then chilled but I'm not sure. Most fresh oysters that I've had are semi clear but these were pretty solid and not really slimy as I would have expected them to be. The wait to be seated was not long... yet (we went around 6pm).Waiter and Waitress were nice and patient. Didn't rush and always came back to check up on us. Parking is limited because it is in a small business area. Overall pretty kickin'!
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,1/21/2013,1335,1550,21,27,23>Very representative of the area decor wise. Low key. Comfortable staff. Even a stray cute doggie felt welcomed and stayed too.The wait was at least an hour for me and Kevyne R. The day we went bottomless mimosa was on for $10. I didn't imbibe. Opted for a hot chocolate with whipped cream instead.  But witnessed that it was a choice for most of the good looking customers. Yeah they have those here. Eye candy surfer type:)The food was good. I had the basic bacon n eggs with country potatoes. About $8. You can eat and enjoy your food al fresco during summer outside. My plan too! The day we came it was raining so it was all inside seating hence the long wait. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in the area. But Kevyne R needs to learn to use the signal lights first before she drives me anywhere again!
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,1/19/2013,1596,841,7,11,10>Um, heck yes! I love shaved ice, I love fruit, and I love condensed milk. I'm glad that I decided to walk into the food court from my perch in the car, as my eyes were getting sore from staring so hard. I took a nice walk around to see what the selection was and found excitement in snowice. I met up with a friend who came to dinner early and we decided to come back for dessert. The wait wasn't too long, and they have an interesting little area to sit down with different chairs that somehow mesh together with their look. We didn't save any room for dessert since dinner was humongous, but we made room for some delicious shaved ice. Three cheers for overeating!  We settled on the pink ruby, which was pretty tasty. I wish there were more toppings, but overall it was very light, not too sweet, fluffy, melty, and great for sharing. Since we're basically eating ice, we didn't have to make too much room in our overfilled tummies. Tee hee! I saw some people walking up with their bowls to get more condensed milk, and I was on that faster than you could say "duckface" to a gaggle of girly girls. They were really nice about it. When I walked up, the lady behind the register had the bottle in her hand waiting for me by the time I reached her. Clearly she's psychic, so beware! I will be back to try other flavors. At $8.88 a pop (How Asian is that?!?!?!?), I'd bring a couple of friends with me to share. My excitement knows no bounds.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2007,2/21/2007,849,1374,15,8,10>Meat Overdose is a good name for a porn movie. It's also an apt description of Rio Adobe's tacos. I ordered two soft tacos, one steak and one chicken and they were overflowing with so much meat I actually think they would taste better with less meat and more onions and cilantro. Ditto the Meat Overflow (also a good name for a porn movie) on the chicken burrito.Speaking of which, the chicken is okay, but the steak is clearly the way to go.The chips come in the most bizarre metal cone thing ever. There are 9 salsas to choose from, but I particularly like the salsa map which names the salsas and indicates their level of spiciness. It's second only to the map that indicates the fillings that comes with Sees truffles.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2007,2/20/2007,294,571,3,5,6>I had finally tried this place on the referrals of the cool yelpers of my area, and once again was not led astray.  Crazy location because it's at the end of an old school strip mall that runs perpendicular to the main street which is Fremont Blvd.  So i never would have known it was there.  The menu is eclectic with Italian, Chinese and American dishes with an Indo/Pak fusion twist.  WTF, i first thought, and through past experiences, was real skeptical, but i had trust in my fellow yelpers.  Met my old childhood friend for lunch and we both are back on our work-out schedules, so we can put down some food.  We ordered 4 items and told them to bring them out whenever, cause we were on a schedule.  The chicken tikka club was good, a traditional looking club except the chicken breast was marinated and grilled and had Indo/Pak flavors.  Also instead of bacon, cause their culture restricts pork, the second layer of the sandwich was a fried scrambled egg.  Interesting i thought, but it did add the "fatty" level of the sandwich which subbed in for the bacon.  I ordered the ginger beef with basmati rice and it was superb, it was something i would cook for myself @ home.  Beef was a little chewy, but I don't mind that, and the sauce was tomato-y with strips of onions and peppers and a very nice ginger flavor.  They asked me if i wanted it spicy, not knowing it was an option, i decided to give it a go.  Note to self: if someone of another culture whose cuisine is inherently spicy ie... Mexican, Hunan, Indian etc...  ask if "would you like it spicy" and you agree, then you have just committed yourself on a trip to sweatsville.  It was good but I used several napkins to dry my beading face as I finished my dish.  Oh, and the perfectly fluffy white basmati rice, can't say enough how well it complemented the sauce.  My buddy had the Lahori Burger and was thrilled that the beef patty had flavor throughout, another Indo/Pak flavor fusion.  Our only semi miss was the seekh kabob pizza, good crust and cheese but all the other flavors seemed muted, and this was the only dish we wrapped up to-go.  I sipped on a mango lassi with my meal and boy, o boy was this a treat.  A smooth but airy milkshake thang, though im sure they use yogurt instead of ice cream, and a ripe full mango flavor.  I'm surprised it took me this long to discover this food and drink but sometimes the good things take a while, and Mirchi cafe is one of those good things.  Thanx to my friends on Yelp.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2007,2/19/2007,853,724,7,14,11>Can't say much for the ambiance but the slice of pie was heavenly.  I did take-out - just a slice of blueberry sour cream pie.  Might not sound particularly appetizing but... O M G.  Somehow, the combination of vanilla custard, blueberries, then topped off with sweetened sour cream really worked.  Never had pie quite like that.Wish it could have lasted me through the entire episode of Grey's Anatomy.  Oh well.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2007,2/18/2007,326,452,,7,8>This is by far the best Italian restaurant in the Tri-City area. Not only is the food fabulous, but the atmosphere is intimate and romantic (a great place to go to on a date), it's not part of a chain (Fremont is plagued by chains, unfortunately), the service is friendly and attentive and the decor is a cross between old world elegance and the rustic appeal of the Italian country side. A lot of the stereotypical Italian "classics" are not on the menu (lasagna, fetuccini alfredo, etc) and I think the reason for that is that they wanted to focus more on the many other types of food that Italy has to offer besides the ones we see in places like The Olive Garden, along with every other Italian restaurant (it seems). I find their move to leave these items off the menu to be very daring, which I actually respect and think is very cool. Their menu is actually quite large and they have a lot of variety. They have everything from pastas, to chicken, to seafood, to veal. They also have specials, including cioppino, rack of lamb, calamari, and many others, which are all fantastic! I have eaten here on a few different occasions. The last time was a few days ago and this is what we had:-Bread and balsamic vinegar/olive oil dip with marinated mushrooms. This was delicious. We went through a couple baskets of bread- that's how good it was. The bread was fresh, homemade focaccia... yum.- Bruschetta. Made with focaccia bread, the servings were huge! Very good.- Spaghetti a la Puttanesca. Amazing. The flavors were perfectly balanced. They used fresh kalamata olives and the sauce wasn't too salty, which Puttanesca sauce has the tendency to be, since it has anchovies in it.- Pollo Involtino (or something along those lines). This entree had a very rustic, harvesty feel to it. It was served along side a mix of vagetables and potatos. The chicken was stuffed with prosciutto, fresh mozarella and a few other things. Extremely flavorful.-Tiramisu. Light, perfectly balanced. Not too sweet. Perfect.They also have a great wine selection.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2006,2/17/2007,212,262,23,13,15>I've been getting Christmas trees here for the past three years. It's kind of become a tradition. I don't know what it is about cutting down your own tree but it feels better. Maybe it's the feeling of being out in the tree's natural setting (well, as natural as evenly spaced rows of trees can be.) Maybe it's the fresh air. Maybe it's that when you cut your tree down, if you listen closely, you can hear it screaming. I don't know, but I like it.If you go on the weekend it's a lot more festive. There are train rides and shows for the kids and people dressed in holiday outfits. Anytime I'm handed a hacksaw by a young lady in an elf costume I know good times are afoot.The trees are grouped into lots depending on type and are priced by type not height. Because a 4' grand fir costs the same as a 10' grand fir it makes it very easy to bring home a ridiculously over sized tree. Believe me.As I was paying for our tree I noticed an enormous almost empty bottle of brandy. I just  figured that the dude who was working there was just passing time on a slow Monday. I signed my receipt and he offered me a handful of candy canes and some hot apple cider. After a brief pause he looked at me, looked around, and said, "Hey, you want some brandy in that?""Uh, that's alright. Got the wife and kid in the car.""M'kay."I'm pretty sure it's not Santa's Tree Farm policy to offer booze to it's customers, seeing as how nobody gets Christmas trees on foot, but I thought it was a very nice gesture.Well, I'm finally feeling some Christmas spirit due in no small part to our freshly cut tree. MERRY CHRISTMAS, BITCHES!!
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2007,2/16/2007,278,355,3,7,5>I came here with a south Indian colleague of mine for lunch.  I asked him if the food here was good S. Indian food or just good S. Indian food in US.  He responded the former.  And the place was loaded 90% Indian patrons so that's a leading indicator -- would've been higher but I was there :).The food here was very tasty.  Buffet style, 17 bucks for two people, so eat up, it well worth it.  Oh and its all vegetarian so I didn't feel like taking a nap after lunch. The storefront is quite small and non-descript that you'd likely miss it.  So take the address and don't blink when you get near.
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2006,2/15/2007,449,368,12,10,10>Over the years, this particular location in the El Mercado mall has had more tenants come in and out than Tera Patrick. Was there something wrong with the feng shui? Was it not noticeable enough? Was the rent too high?Well, none of those questions will have to be mentioned for awhile because it finally looks like it has found a keeper for the long haul. And that honor goes to Little Potato.The first time I saw this place open, I thought it was going to be another of those baked potato places you find at the shopping mall food court. What kind of business were they going to do in this predominantly Chinese dining area? Thankfully, the name and logo are all a misnomer. Instead of specializing in varieties of Idaho's finest, what they actually serve up here is a mix of various regional cuisines from all over China.Most of the items are exceptionally priced, but their most appealing section is definitely the 3 for $15 menu. Unlike other places with the same type of deal, instead of limiting the selection to only meat or vegetable entrees, Little Potato allows you to choose staple items (fried rice, mein, noodles, etc.) as well. You can also select "side" dishes such as potstickers, onion pancakes, and water dumplings.Imagine the combinations:-3 entrees (meat/vegetable) (with extra white rice on the side)-3 staples (fried rice, mein, noodles, etc.)-2 entrees, 1 staple-2 staples, 1 entree-2 sides (potstickers, onion pancakes, water dumplings, etc.), 1 staple-1 entree, 1 staple, 1 side **my personal choice**Any of these trios makes for a nice meal for three. No matter which items you choose, all are cooked in a very light seasoning, differing from the other shops, which tend to load up on the sauce. For example, if you order the fish flavored eggplant, you can still see the original color of the vegetable, yet it somehow has already soaked in all the flavor, with no excessive greasiness.Furthermore, this place is extremely clean. The restroom is spotless, and not as much as a single chip in the paint can be noticed anywhere. Patrons are generally well mannered, even during the busiest peak hours.Another plus is that in addition to their native Mandarin, the wait staff is also semi-fluent in Cantonese and English, so you don't have to worry about any miscommunication.Yes, the name is definitely not very fitting for this fine establishment because it has taken the throne as the BIG Potato around these parts.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2007,2/14/2007,276,152,11,3,3>Omid go sit down... Omid stop throwing chili cheese fries at the lady working behind the counter.. Omid sit.  Good boy ;0)I go for one reason and one reason only... the chili cheese fries.. then I get tricked, yes tricked, into purchasing a chili dog and chili cheese burger.. all for like $1.20. ok a little more... then what happens?  Read Omid T.'s last line in his review.I love me some chili!
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2006,2/13/2007,44,139,10,10,6>Minus 2 stars to warn the food snobs. Plus 3 for the rest of us. TK stands for Tung Kee and Tung Kee stands for...I don't know, but anyways, this is Vietnamese grub.Me and TK go way back a decade to SJSU when plates averaged less than $3. Thanks for getting me through college the first time around.   Once you get in, start reaching for the shiracha, soy and plum sauce.  You're gonna need it!
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2006,2/12/2007,25,470,3,7,7>A few years ago, my sister came out to visit me and said "You've had the same haircut your entire life, we need to change that." She found a place in Los Gatos and she took me to have my hair style changed for the first time in my life. I have fairly thick hair and it's never been a pleasant experience to get it cut. But, for the first time, I enjoyed the experience.My stylist was Jamie Cannon and when she said she was going to do her own thing at Rootz, I followed with my business. Even after I moved to San Francisco, I still dealt with the drive and went to her for over a year. Fantastic stylist, very friendly, and her recommendations are very low maintenance for those of us who would otherwise let it all go to hell.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,4/16/2012,1651,2220,8,8,8>Cupcake is more than a term of endearment. It's a status symbol. And I like the fact that it's an obtainable one. Certainly, $3.95 is expensive for what in reality is a muffin with icing on top... but it's four dollars which anyone can afford for a mini-vacation to chocolateyness, fruitiness, creaminess, smoothness. I can't afford the Hawaiian vacation that I really want, so cupcake tourism will have to suffice for now.I discovered Frost when I attended a Yelp event in town and they had a little table. I'm probably the reason they put up a little hand-scribbled sign saying "take one only please". Too late, Frost. Bwah ha hah. The cookies and cream, the red velvet... both pure heaven.So my friend moved to town and was on a cupcake rampage, hadn't tried Frost, and I told her it was THE place in the area. We popped in this week after Taco Tuesday at Casa de Cobre, for dessert.My friend was jonesing for a red velvet and afraid that they'd be sold out. That had happened to her a few other places. So I called to check. Bingo. 9 left twenty minutes before closing. On a whim, I asked if they could put my friend's name on one. It was three letters, so nice and easy, and they pleasantly agreed to do it.We arrived, she looked in the case, and there was one red velvet with her name right on it. She grinned ear to ear and gave me a big hug. She's tall and gorgeous, if I were a straight man I'd have won 100 "bro" points and mad respect. As it is, I had to accept the warm fuzzy at face value.The cupcakes are delicious, the customer service spectacular, and the couches comfy. Say no more, I'm sold.Truthfully, the 8:55pm cupcakes weren't as fresh as the ones at Yelp Elite, I ain't gonna lie. It almost cost them a star. But really, it's 5 minutes before closing, they were friendly and accommodating, they wrote her name on the top of the cupcake. They still deserve five stars. Slack shall be cut for their awesomeness.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,4/14/2012,556,284,9,11,11>Simple and clean. Prices are just right and it's not as crowded.I had the Hu tieu nam vang- it's good, slightly sweet dry vermicelli noodles with a bunch of toppings.. Sriracha wings- tasty n' spicy, wasn't overly spicySpring rolls- it was okay, they were very springy~ haha if that's even a word. Felt like I was eating rolled up lettuceSo far so good~ I will definitely be back!
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,4/13/2012,158,186,6,7,6>Mary Ringel, Massage Therapist:  Gentle Soul - Wicked Hands.....Stars:-   Overall:        5+-   Quality:        5-   Personality:     5-   Technique:     5-   Wickedness:     5+-   Time Constraints:     5  ( Mary is not a clock watcher )-   Price:     5-   Value:     5+-   O-Spa Staff:     5-   Massage Room:     4-   Location:     5-   Parking:     5-   Pros:   She has the touch.  Period.-   Cons:   Bathroom is in the hallway outside the SpaEver come across someone who you knew was doing the work they were meant to do?  A few people are able to sense and follow an invisible path, but still reach their objective with bedazzling results without breaking a sweat.  Like the song from Lady Gaga..."Born This Way"...but with a different meaning. Doctors, chefs, athletes, musicians. It could be anybody.  Although the one thing in common is a talent beyond training.  Remember stories about the 'ol prospector searching for gold or oil with a divining stick.  In this case, that stick is a pair of hands and we hit paydirt.Mary worked in a few of the local high tech firms for many years, but realized something was missing in her life.  When a tennis injury sent her to doctors who didn't have an effective treatment, she began a search for the cure.   Soon, Mary recognized an unusual interest in the healing powers of massage and after a few years of education and practical experience, she began her work at the O-Spa in Los Gatos using a specialty called "triggerpoint".Let's just say I got lucky.  My wife, an avid customer of their hair and nail service ( by Sonia...she's very good ), finally made sensible use of all those visits and told Mary about my aches...especially in the neck and shoulders.  After decades of pain caused by cervical stenosis and a lifetime of job related stress, I probably needed a savior more than a servant of massage.  Fortunately, I found both.Mary has a separate room for her clients toward the back of the O-Spa. It's not big...about 6 by 15 feet...but within the ballpark compared to other facilities I've seen.  It's decorated in a cozy and comfortable manner with soothing music playing in the background.  The massage table with a clean sheet and warm blanket sits in the middle. The atmosphere is tranquil, if not spacious.For the initial visit, Mary spent about 20 minutes asking questions and gaining insight into my sad condition.  Then I undressed to my shorts, got beneath the blanket and had a 40 minute exploratory session.  I was not at all surprised to hear Mary say "we've got a lot of work to do".The next 6 visits...basically one per week, although you can design almost any schedule desired...were 60-75 minutes apiece.  And we're still just scratching the surface.  Imagine using hands to break the iron grip of muscles which have the constitution of cement!  You've heard of "knots"...small areas on the body where muscles pass the threshold into spasm?  Well, my knots have knots like an extended family of gutbusting pain.Given such a daunting task, what has Mary been able to do so far?  No miracles, but none were expected.  Instead it's a mix of chipping away at the high strung threads of my inner walls and teaching me how to relax.  Triggerpoint allows the therapist to focus their energy in very specific areas and cause the release of tension.  Initially, you might think the cure is worse than the ailment.  It's not for the faint of heart.  But it gradually gets the job done which is no mean feat.But how can such an open, friendly and gentle soul find the strength to shred the impenetrable?  Because her hands are wicked!  They literally kick your butt.  Yes, Mary is soft-spoken with an easy charm and quick wit, but she moves like a black belt at Benihana.  And, perhaps most important, the treatment proceeds as a joint venture.  "Tell me how this feels?" and  "let's work on this together" are 2 common statements.Apart from her wicked ways, the best word to describe Mary's approach is "holistic".  Of course she cares about your reaction to the massage, but diet, exercise, proper breathing and an optimistic attitude are also critical components in the process.This rave of a recommendation is submitted with some trepidation because I'm selfish and it's probably going to be more difficult to get a choice time slot with Mary.  But I couldn't help myself.  Like the kid who was told by his mother not to grab more cookies, I can't resist sliding my hand into the jar.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,4/12/2012,339,280,6,12,7>I could eat these sweet potatoes for breakfast lunch and dinner! The grandpa is so freakin adorable! At the end of the day after grocery shopping at galleria, I walked up to him and asked him what I can get for $5. He was ranting on and on about how much I can get and that its such a deal and gave me a whole bag full of piping hot sweet potatoes. I ate two on the way home and had the rest for the next two days with my cold glass of milk. My mouth is watering for some right now!
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,4/11/2012,602,403,11,12,9>Even though it was more expensive to use Dick's towing service than my insurance, I didn't mind.  You wanna know why?  Because every time I've called in, the ladies who answer the phone in dispatch are super helpful (unlike the insurance lady who I hung up with just prior) and the people who come out to the car are legit.  The service I've received is consistently amazing.This time, I was lucky enough to have Alex come out to help me with my flat.  He showed up after 20 minutes versus the quoted 45.  That rarely happens! After my moment in retardville, he found my spare for me and offered to put it on.   He was beyond helpful, funny and it didn't hurt that he was easy on the eyes. ;)Seriously though, when I'm having a car issue - Dick's Automotive Transport is my go to.  The service is unparalleled.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,4/10/2012,381,161,7,8,7>Los Gatos Café has just became one of my favorite brunch go to spots!! Came here recently with a friend for a late brunch. It was our first time here, and little did we know there was going to be a line on a Friday, but  we only had to wait about 20minutes for a table. After being seated, our eyes were glued on to the menu. It was hard to choose what to order, because everything seemed appetizing!I ordered the California Chicken Apple Benedict with their famous herb potatoes. And my friend created her own Egg White Souffle Omelette with potatoes and eggnog pound cake on the side. The meal was really tasty and satisfying. And those damn herb potatoes! OMG! It was crispy, semi-mashed, buttery, and a little chunky. Well seasoned with some herb. It didn't look pretty, but it was SO GOOD. Their eggnog poundcake was special of the day. I am not a huge fan of sweets, but this was something else. I can't believe Jessica C. let me scarfed it down... I found the customer service here excellent and friendly. The cafe was packed, but our waitress was still very attentive. She answered our questions, checked up on us, filled our water without asking. The only downfall about this cafe is it's CASH or CHECK ONLY. But there is an ATM machine at the back and Bank of America right across the street.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,4/9/2012,522,445,15,10,10>If I ever become extremely poor, like "I can't afford to eat anything but McDonald's" poor, then I would save the three dollars that I earned from begging to buy shrimp dumplings from this place. Because everything here is gigantic!  Great value and decent taste, even when they get cold!  The skin for the shrimp dumplings was a little thick, but the filling was fulfilling (har har har), with at least two shrimps in each dumpling! The fried items were greasy, but come on, you are paying less than three dollars for that big, crispy "shark fin" dumpling.  Greasy?  What greasy?  I can't think when I am stuffing my face!For $30, we were able to feed four VERY HUNGRY people.  No, not feed.  I mean stuffed ourselves so full that if we attempted any movement, however slight, besides breathing as we sat in our dining room, we would've thrown up.And we still didn't finish all the food.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,4/8/2012,396,103,5,7,8>Head over heels for this place! The atmosphere is sexy, intimate, cozy and welcoming. Simple rules of the venue: all cellphones are to be on vibrate/silent, no parties larger than 6, & the bar serves mixed drinks only (no shots of any kind will be served). The bartenders/mixologists are charming, quick and attentive. They listen to what you like and whip up something spectacular; using only the freshest ingredients and playing out each flavor to mix in perfection. Unlike most other bars, this underground venue is cool and relaxing... There is no music blasting in the background. It's a great place to go with a good friend to enjoy delicious drinks and a nice conversation. It's almost like meeting a friend at a Coffee shop for a cup of coffee to catch up except with alcoholic beverages in a candlelit lounge-like atmosphere. They open at 5pm and I hear the lines can get crazy long especially on weekends so come early! This  place is definitely worth checking out!!!
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2011,4/7/2012,537,770,22,6,9>At the end of our meal outside he asked for a hug, while he was getting ready for a quick smoke. My mind was set for a warm embrace, something magical occurred. Our bellies touched first. Normally in any ordinary date-like situation, I would have been embarrassed and probably started to run away, after all, what woman would want their belly to collide with another human being on hug, before their boobs? But at that moment I don't think I was ever happier to have something so silly occur. It was a Thursday night, he had requested we do some sort of hot pot, since it reminds him of home. Little Sheep generally has been delicious for me and is convenient to get to. It was crowded as usual and we waited on the leather couches, chit chatting. Once we got in, he let me order as usual, which frankly I adore in general when people are adventurous eaters. The waiter said I ordered too much, and recommended I remove 2 dishes, "but but but... you don't know how we eat!" I exclaimed. He still thought it was too much for 2 people to consume. I let the waiter put in the order, but then proceeded to be visually bummed, since I really wanted boy to try the other two dishes, I was still mulling it over in my own thoughts when boy interjected. "Just order it, we'll finish it.""Really?""Yeah."Called the waiter back, ordered the handmade meatballs and tendons in addition to our meat platters and we ended up demolishing everything. Demolishing everything is also a testament to how good things are here. I adore the handmade meatballs and the thin slices of beef in the spicy soup. I probably don't say it enough but, I love the people that make things so "easy" and put my doubts at rest. And I've never been so comfortable having bellies touch.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,4/6/2012,290,302,13,11,12>Finally! I  had some REAL Korean fare! We came here for a birthday celebration the other night. The owner and staff were so friendly and helpful. The owner answered all my white-man questions regarding the menu with a smile and a spring in his step! I didn't want to have my usual spicy Korean beef, so I opted for the Beef Bibimbop (Isn't Korean such a hilarious one-syllable-after-another type language?). My Bibimbop came to the table steaming away in a wonderful old super hot stone bowl. The rice got all burned on the bottom which just made it taste all the better. The beef wasn't too spicy, but that wasn't a huge problem, since there was plenty of that hot red chilli sauce on the table. Lol! I also managed to steal some Hot and Spicy Tofu Soup. OMFG. Thats right. I hate saying OMFG, but it is totally warranted in this case. Friggin delicious. I'm getting that next time I come back here.Yup. I finally lost my Korean virginity!
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,7/14/2009,477,595,15,21,21>I've been dying to check this place out for days now!  Finally, me and my trusty Yelp sidekick ended up here after the Trevese Elite event.. Nothing Bundt Cakes is next to Walgreens on North Santa Cruz in Los Gatos.  Upon arriving in the cute little bakery, we noticed there were samples of their Pumpkin Bundt Cake.  I reached inside and was surprised that the cake was super moist!  It was the perfect pumpkin bite.. I decided to get a mini Red Velvet Bundtlet and White Chocolate Raspberry Bundtlet.  They were $3.99 each and make the perfect gift for someone!  I know this because I gave one to my friend.. The White Chocolate Raspberry was my favorite but both were incredibly moist and tasty!  I can't wait to find another excuse to come here and pick up a big one!
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,7/13/2009,733,936,15,22,19>Sadly, all the hasty lens switching through many trips and dinners resulted in my Canon 30D with dust on the sensor.  Not just a little dust, but noticeable chunks of dust on most pictures of horizons.  Cobber L had recommended this place to me to get my sensor cleaned.  I went over the weekend while doing errands.I arrived at 1:30pm and they said they could get it done by 5pm that day.  I asked a few questions and the woman was very helpful.  The place is a fairly small place with a decent assortment of lenses, tripods, kits, lightboxes, bags, and flashes and diffusers.  They unfortunately rent very little so it's back to Keeble & Suchat for me for rentals.The cost of sensor cleaning is $65 which seems a bit high but I'm very happy with the cleaning as my pictures are spotless once again.  The workers are friendly and willing to help and despite the somewhat steep price, they do quality work with a smile.  That's surprisingly hard to come by these days.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,7/12/2009,299,340,11,17,15>On my flight back from Montreal, all I could think was, If I get in on time, I can probably make it to Health Feet Foot Spa before they close. Unfortunately the flight was late getting in, so I didn't make it to HFFS for a few days.David was awesome, taking care not to hurt my blistered toes but still working out all the pressure points on my feet, as well as the tight muscles in my shoulders and legs. Although he's a big guy, he used just the right amount of strength during my massage. And I slept so well that night.My friend had a massage with David today and was just as blissed out as I had been. In fact, she's trying to figure out how to hire him for our upcoming vacation!
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2008,7/11/2009,1111,645,17,18,17>Wow! After eating at Southern Kitchen for the past 5 years, I decided to give Los Gatos Cafe a try. Thinking that they close at 2:00PM, like Southern Kitchen does, I sped right over to get there pretty close to closing time only to find out later that they don't close till 3:00. Risked a ticket for nothing I guess.Because it was during a weekday, there was no line and only about 10 people inside. I sat at the counter and perused the extensive menu. Before I could blink, the counter lady handed me the biggest glass of lemony ice water I have ever seen. It was like a toilet with a slice of lemon inside.  But since I try to always order a decaff coffee too, I knew I was in for a bathroom stop soon if I didn't watch my fluid intake closely and going in unknown and potentially dangerous lavatories can bring on the nervous shakes. The coffee came quickly and I confidently ordered the ground beef omelette with potatoes. Then to my surprise, she asked me what I wanted as a side order."Side order?", I asked. "Yes, you get to choose from these", pointing to the menu. "It's free", she answered sweetly.Being a yelper, I am never one to turn down free anything, especially food (or drinks or hoodies or pins or bags), I chose the blueberry coffee cake. Was I ever surprised at this unexpected turn of events. Free food. Yea! A big chunk came immediately while I waited for the rest of my food and it was almost impossible to resist because it smelled so good. I smelled it like Newman smelled that Drake's Coffee Cake on Seinfeld.After a coffee or two, the omelette came and it was really good. No, honestly, it tasted plain but what can you do with ground beef, spinach and onions cooked into eggs? Not much. It was tasty for sure, but only after you spiced it up a little with tabasco sauce, so I think I would order the pancakes, 2 eggs and 2 sausages if I came back again and I sure will. But now that I think about it, that also seems kind of dull. I'll go back, look at the menu again and try to pick something really interesting for me and my stomach to enjoy.The staff at LGC was excellent, and it seemed they knew all of the counter eaters except me, so repeat business must be good. Very friendly, talkative and professional. My bill for the omelette, potatoes, coffee and cake was around $13.00. Not bad.And I, due to my small stomach, also walked away with take-home food for at least one day, maybe two because there was so much food left over.Goodbye Southern Kitchen, hello Los Gatos Cafe. I'm switching sides.Oh and it's cash and carry. No credit cards. Glad I stopped at Wells Fargo before I ate here or I'd be washing dishes (or even worse, swabbing down the bathroom).
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2009,7/10/2009,942,253,21,34,29>One of my fave spots for dinner, we decided to try it for lunch today!  Usually we go with a large group of folks for dinner but today it was two for lunch.  I'm hesitant to write about my favorite spots but it's too good to keep this a secret!I ordered the Dungeness Crab salad and it was just right!  This salad was composed of dungeness crab, baby beets, haricots verts (slim and tender green beans), shaved fennel, goat cheese and a lemon thyme vinaigrette.  While it seems like a lot of differing ingredients, they all married well in flavor and texture.  The portion was perfect for lunch and would make a good appetizer to share between two people.He ordered the Steamed PEI mussels which totally knocked his taste buds out of the ball park!  The black mussels were bathed in a spicy Thai broth with a dollop of Cilantro butter melting over the mussels and seeping into the broth giving it a heightened flavor experience.   Spicy pommes frites (shoestring french fries with a kick) was a crunchy partner to these delectable mussels.  We enjoyed the freshly baked bread and it was perfect for sopping up the delicious broth of his lunch as well as a nice addition to the salad.  Service was spot on and Nick himself goes from table to table personally checking on his patrons.  This spot is great for small to large groups of folks and kids as well.Sitting at my favorite table for two (Table # 12), we enjoyed each other's company and our lunch choices....great company, conversation and food...what more can one ask for?  Bread pudding?!  Unfortunately, I was too full for my favorite dessert here....better skip the freshly baked bread next time to make room for dessert!
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2009,7/9/2009,290,302,25,30,30>We only found out about this place from a fellow yelper just the other week (you know who you are & thanks again for the vino). Nestled on the quiet side of Lincoln Ave, the Siena Bistro is both charming and cozy with a real rustic feel. After  taking our seats, we were soon charmed off our feet by the lovely Katherine, who was down to earth, helpful and entertaining (yes - we love your little boy).First things first, although quite small, the wine list had some real gems including Ridge, Heitz and Silver Oak. All at very reasonable prices I might add !!!For starters, JZ had the spinach salad with cranberries, grapes, walnuts and dijon mustard vinaigrette. I opted for the clam chowder soup. Both dishes were incredibly fresh and flavourful and had us all worked up for our entree. I went with the Pork Picatta. It came very tender. Not overdone in the slightest. The mashed potatoes were mixed with horseradish which gave them a real tasty kick. The accompanying spinach wasn't soggy. Just perfect. JZ went for the special; Halibut with a pineapple sauce and jasmine rice. Her fish was delicious and the rice complimented it perfectly.All in all, a perfect evening & we'll definitely be back again.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,7/8/2009,1596,841,42,50,48>I have yet to sit down at Forbes Mill to eat, but it's on my to-do list! My bf was feeling really down one day and I wanted to do something special to cheer him up.  Prime rib is one of his favorite foods, so my mind was going through lists of restaurants trying to figure out where I could find the best place to order it from. Cue in Forbes Mill Steakhouse. As they are a rather nice establishment and it was a Friday night, I wasn't sure if they would take a to-go order over the phone. So I gave them a call just to check and I was surprised at how friendly the hostess was despite how busy they sounded in the background.I admit that I can be a little fussy and indecisive, and they were really patient with me as I asked them what their menu was. They read me their menu and answered all the questions I had about their appetizers, etc. Also I had asked for the food to be ready by 7, but I called and asked them if it was possible to push it down to 7:30. They had already started cooking it but said they would keep it under a heat lamp so it would be warm when I went to pick it up.So I made my way to downtown Los Gatos and shopped for about half an hour before picking up the food and felt quite scrubby while I was hanging out at the bar in my ripped jeans, band t-shirt, and shoes with holes in the soles while women made up in their little black dresses and high heels drank from large wine glasses and flirted with older business men. They were all so tall too, so they continued looking over my head and ignoring me until they bumped into poor old me standing in their way. Yes sir, I am a classy broad, yes I am.Well I get the food and I'm a little concerned because the styrofoam and plastic look a bit warped from being under the heat lamp for half an hour, but I take it home anyways. About 40 minutes later, we start eating and the food is delicious. I'm pretty impressed that it kept so well after being cooked since most food doesn't travel too well and doesn't taste as good an hour and 10 minutes after being made. I'm still impressed and I can't wait until I make it back here to eat in the restaurant. Yummy yummy yummy in my tummy tummy tummy!
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,7/7/2009,386,185,32,34,36>A dungeoness paradise leading to true Hedonism. It was a Thursday night, the streets were empty. A brisk, blustery wind blew with consonance -- it was the calm before the storm. After rushing away from my job, running around to several will call locations, and sitting through an enjoyable movie at the California Theatre, my stomach was running on empty. And not just any empty. Being that Thursday's are my Friday's, specialty and delicacy, along with greasy grub and cold beer, were the terms and images that reverberated across my mind's walls. Not feeling all that saucey at the time, La Vic was out of the question. Original Joe's was the next option, but an incredulous feeling resonated at the thought of paying top dollar for an average plate of pasta...[that's what Olive Garden's for]. Then, as subtle as a baby's fart, dining destiny was fulfilled as the, Jersey's/The Blue Chip sign, was intersected. Crept in between the mud and soot, commonly known as Downtown San Jose, lies a declining corridor that is optically deceitful, yet auspicious. Walking down the concrete passageway leads to an environment that, Henry David Thoreau, would appreciate; that is, if Thoreau were a sportsman, and appreciated plasma screen televisions, watching sports ranging from MMA to College Basketball, cold brews, good food, and warm service. The interior is bright and well-lit; and a lot larger than one would expect. It fits large crowds of sporting enthusiasts. This was my first time laying patronage at this establishment. Immediately, upon entering, I was greeted at the bar by the bartender/part owner, Torina. She was very friendly and down-to-earth. I ordered the traditional cheese-steak with fries to go along with my cold brewskis: Stella Artois on tap. Cheese-steak was golden and needed not the application of ketchup, mustard, tapatio, or mayonnaise -- which is the true test of good hoagie. Well done.Hedonism is a school of philosophy which argues that pleasure has an ultimate importance and is the most important pursuit of humanity. My experience, this night, was truly pleasurable and my stomach reached its ultimate appeasement, in the name of humanity, of course.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2009,7/6/2009,576,429,41,42,36>Dear White Shallot,Hello, I'm sure you remember me and my family, how can you forget? We were the family with the 2 little monster -- I mean, kids; one who almost choked in your restaurant because he got too greedy with the bread. He was still trying to shove his face with anything-in-his-reach even after embarrassing us all with his shenanigans. What. A. Champ.I'd like to thank you for welcoming all of us with open arms for our pre-Mother's Day lunch and accommodating us last minute. I noticed that your restaurant was quite small but I actually liked this: quiet, cutesy little place, next to BevMo (pitstop anyone?) and Men's Wearhouse -- yea. I didn't know they were still in business, either. You are quite the hidden gem!!We ordered 3 glasses of wine: my dad, my little sister (just turned 21) and me. You asked me for my ID. First of all, THANK YOU. I thought for awhile that my wrinkles were becoming noticeable but apparently not so, at least to your server. I decided not to invest in anti-aging creams -- Thank you for saving me a lot of money! Besides that, your server was very professional and kind!!I ended up ordering your blue cheese burger since I already tried the steak and fries, which, by the way, was delicious. Can I just please thank you for giving me a burger the size of Andre The Giant's FIST (see pictures!) and yummy, home-made fries, all for less than $10?! By the way, what is in your onion mayo sauce, since I have been dying for that dipping sauce since?! We had quite a few appetizers but my personal favorite was the Hanoi Shrimp Cakes.You see, I just came back from Paris and we dined at Le Cinq where they gave us fried shrimp, which are very, very, VERY similar to the ones you serve. How awesome is that? A taste of Paris in the middle of Steven's Creek, between BevMo and Men's Wearhouse. What?!I appreciated the variety of classic and simple French dishes (all less than $15), as well as a whole menu of Vietnamese dishes too. I could definitely taste the high quality of ingredients you used and loved how you made everything FRESH, from the moment we ordered! This ain't no Pho #4593503 !!!!Thank you, White Shallot!Love,Tina
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,7/5/2009,279,310,17,23,22>Like any good filipino (well half for me) I know that my grandmas food is the best fiipino food ever. However, since she is in the home land and I had a craving for some Dinuguan aka chocolate meat...I needed to try it out. First off it is a little tough to find since it is on the side of a small business complex but it wasn't too hard there are a lot of signs leading the way. So when I walk in first thing I notice...it is full of filipinos, that to me is a good sign kind of like when you see mexicans eating at a mexican food place you know the food has to be good.So I walk up to the counter and have to look for my dinuguan...there it is in all its brown glory...I'm very picky when it comes to this dish, if it isn't like my grandmas I wont eat it. SO I order that and rice and take my prize to a corner table. I decided to just try a spoonful to see if it was good...and I was not disappointed. I admit the sauce could have been thicker like grandmas BUT the flavor was there. I greedily dumped it on my rice and enjoyed the rest of my meal. I left full and sated. I didn't get any halo halo but will do so next time.Good food, Inexpensive and friendly service. I will definitely be back since my grandma is in the homeland 6 months out of the year!!Thank you Cherry Garden for fulfilling my filipino food needs.
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,12/17/2012,736,863,6,8,8>I heard a lot good things about Sugar Butter Flour and after giving them a try, I definitely feel like they lived up to all the rave. I tried their burnt almond cake (yelp.com/biz_photos/wjan), cheese cake (yelp.com/biz_photos/wjan), and mango mousse. The burnt almond cake was very light and airy. The almonds had a slight candied texture to it and was a good contrast to the cake and cream. The cheese cake was my favorite; it was thick and creamy at the same time and had just the right flavor that I was looking for. I was also very pleased with the crumbly crust. The mango mousse was dense and thicker than other mousses that I've tried, but very good. The bakery is located in a fairly large shopping plaza. I was unfamiliar with the plaza, so it took me quite some time to actually find the bakery. If you decide to give them a try, the bakery is located towards the back of the plaza, near Sports Fever. Prices are reasonable and the woman who helped me was patient and knowledgeable.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,12/16/2012,396,240,8,12,9>Hi, my name is Dorothy and I'm a MILK TEA FIEND. Tii Cafe is so good that I went twice in one day. You can customize your drink like Tpumps in San Mateo: More or less tea flavor or sweetness. My favorites are Jasmine Green Milk Tea and Almond Milk Tea - both less sweet. I love that you can really taste the tea in their drinks. They have a rewards program so get on that!!
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/15/2012,376,238,32,29,25>Nothing like you've seen in LG before let alone all of South Bay.Ok ok, I understand that the Bay area likes to think of itself as quite refined in its "foodiness."  However I'm going to give 98% of that credit to San Francisco - not the south bay.  South bay lacks, how do I put this? ... everything.Katsu is a breath of fresh air this town needs. A whole dose of class and exclusiveness, coupled with food you cannot get anywhere else. How many more dive bars, random old stuffy restaurants does this town need? none. none. I'm telling you zero, stop making them. Thank you Katsu for realizing this.Katsu is another Japanese restaurant in the bay area, and I get it sushi yes you can get lots of places, and everyone has their favorite (yawn to yours - mine is better). BUT tell me where you can get a *lobster caviar tower*? NO WHERE omg omg. Insert 10 smiley-face-heart-eyed emojis. This was delicious. It's called the "decadence staircase" ... ok fine it's got a $1200 price tag, but at least it says love? right? Whatever - love at first lick.The rest of the menu I promise isn't as intimidating, but the point is that it's just as tasty, just as unique and feels just as fancy ;) The chef was trained by the chef of Nobu. Since it was opening week the he was kind enough to brings us samples of almost everything on the menu.  I wouldn't be able to name off all the items I ate, but I do know that I had a little bit of everything and there wasn't an item I would refuse a second time around.Ambiance:  From the outside you might miss it bc there is no sign no cheesy wannabe Asian flair to welcome you in - like I said above, the place has class. Instead for the entrance you'll see a really pretty white baroque door to greet you.  The interior is filled with warm tones of lavender, and sleek gun metal grey accents.  Modern and sexy. Service: Right on par with the food and ambience. Staff was extremely attentive but not nosy.  The experience with the staff is one you'd get at any 5 star, you don't mind when the waitress is around and she's more of a friend by the end of the night that just wants you to have a good time.If you don't do dinner it's still just as fabulous a place to get some cocktails to start up your night :)Engagement dinner? Need to impress the GF for your anniversary? The Parents? Just bc you have incredibly good taste? Definite recommendation. Put it on your list.***on a side note. I read some reviews below. Note that most of the 1 Stars have only reviewed 2 or 3 places max.  Suspicious to say the least. These reviews elaborate how they went out of their way to try Katsu and what food connoisseurs they are (as most of their reviews indicated they were so eager to try the place - and waited for months) But you've only reviewed once ever on Yelp? Super duper fishy.  You don't have to be a A+ food critic to write on yelp (Duh. I've written about experiences at a gas station on here - don't judge me during finals I need something to write about other than random laws I have no idea how I will use in the future) You could just have a really bad relationship with food and like eating everything ever (me) BUT whether you are a food critic or just like food, chances are high you've written a number of reviews before delving into places like Katsu for the first time. Fake.Also give me a big fat break, you're going to complain about complications in your reservation opening week??  hahahaha come on! It's opening week people, you will always have kinks that you have to straighten out, thats whyyyyy its callled opening week! To put you on notice that they're new. Get over it, you waited another 5 min? Oh wait! that's right! You're such a foodie you've been to these opening's a million times over again!! My bad, you're totally in the right, I'm sure that not once ever have other places had issues with seating you within the first 3 seconds you walked in. pfff.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/14/2012,1992,106,11,19,20>The freshest and most delicious donuts that I've ever tasted!!!   I would stop by this place once a week to pick up a dozen donuts for my co-workers.  My colleagues loved them!  Lots of other little breakfast items.  One of my favorites is the ham & cheese croissant.  Mmmm...hot and flaky.  If you're going to get donuts you might as well try a croissant, too.  They also has a variety of flavored coffee that you serve yourself.  The owners are usually there in the early morning, and they are sooooo friendly! I actually look forward to seeing them and chatting for a bit.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,12/13/2012,1928,403,36,35,30>Aqui, are you trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me?! Boy, those drinks are STRONG. The regular margaritas are really good, but you also gotta try yourself some SWIRLS. I really like the **Sunrise Swirl** -- sangria and Paradise Patrón swirled with their blended Industrial Strength Margarita. There's a reason they limit you to 3 per night. One swirl and you're ready to roll, Two swirls and the night's a blur, Three swirls.... I don't even know!My favorite food item is the **Crab Cake Rollup**. Crab cake, avocado, chipotle dressing, Aqui slaw and organic spinach all neatly rolled up into one tortilla. Light, healthy, and most importantly, delicious! Comes with soup or mango walnut organic greens salad. I always get the salad, unless they have their Butternut Squash soup, which is the bomb. Super comforting and just the right amount of creaminess. Add on a few drinks and you're good to go!TIP: Great happy hour. You might want to get some food to go with your swirl. ;)DATE TIP: Awwww yeah. This is a good spot if you want to have some FUN! Probably don't want to go too strong on the swirls though if you're still getting to know each other. I can speak from personal experience that it does not make for a very hot date when the other person keeps tripping over himself and keeps repeating everything! LoL no hard feelings though. He's still my homie.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/12/2012,436,200,9,15,11>I usually don't give out 5 stars, but I had such an awesome experience here last night, the 5th star is a MUST!My best friend had recommended this place because she usually goes here on Thursday's with her friends. Decided to tag along this time after having dinner with her down the street. Didn't quite know what to expect since most lounges in downtown are a complete FAILURE. Upon entering this place, I noticed the catchy blue lights outside of the lounge. I thought to myself, "Hmm... something different in downtown?" BINGO! Different it was (for the better, that is).This place is STUNNING. I did a bit of a jaw-drop when I first walked into this place. Kind of like... this place exists in SAN JOSE? DOWNTOWN? REALLY? Pretty blue lights beaming throughout the lounge. Gave off a very trendy, modern feel. Decor appealing as well. White cubed boxes that light up blue as mini-tables as well as beautiful leather couches/chair along the sides of the bar. VERY CHIC.Went straight to the bar and was greeted promptly by the cute lady bartender. She was very friendly and cheerful. SO different from the usual bartenders you would see in downtown. She offered food menus and of course, I accepted (weird because we originally came here just to grab drinks). Menu is pretty extensive, and everything sounded delicious.What we ordered:Fried Calamari - Not the best I've had, but also not bad at all. Came with 2 kinds of sauce, which my friends loved. I needed a bit of a kick to mine, so I asked if they had another kind of sauce. 1 minute later the cook comes out and asks what I'm looking for... I explain that I wanted something spicy and 5 minutes later she comes back with a sauce she had made THEN for ME. I wanted to cry tears of joy, but instead of being a creep, I used that energy on enjoying every bite of the fried spicy goodness. Never in my life have I had such a lovely experience at a restaurant before.. and this is a freaking LOUNGE! THANK YOU LIQUID LOUNGE!Miso Mushroom - HOLY MOTHER OF SHROOMS... this dish is so delicious. I highly recommend to any mushroom lovers. I can't even really explain what this is or how it's made, but believe me.. it's scrump-dee-lee-umptious! Presentation is beautiful here.Moving on to the nightlife...$2 whiskey from 9-11P.M. like really? Yes, really. $4 well drinks. I forgot the other goodies on the happy hour menu. Oh yeah.... this is what we came for. Totally forgot with all the other good stuff happening above, ha.Was pretty empty in there, but as the night went on, more people started to show. There was also a live DJ which is a plus. Wish he played more EDM though because it's a perfect setting for music like that! People were getting pretty wild on the dance floor, was a sight to see.Bouncers are very friendly here. Don't let the straight faces fool you. Of course they have to appear that way. THEY'RE BOUNCERS! Rest of the staff is great as well.In all, I had a wonderful experience at this lounge. Never thought I would find a place like this in downtown. I can finally say that I've found my night out spot in San Jose that isn't a ghetto bump-n-grind kind of ordeal (aka every freaking other night out spot in downtown). I've also heard through the grapevine that Liquid Lounge will be bringing in some EDM to the mix. HOORAY for all of us!!! I give this place a few months and it'll be CRACKIN' (I  was informed this place is fairly new).Round up the gang and settle here for a night out of fun DIFFERENT from the average downtown San Jose partying. I'd like to think of this place as the Ruby Skye of San Jose -- without cover ;) Keep it classy fellow Yelpers! :)
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,12/11/2012,568,364,10,14,13>I'm absolutely in love with this place! I've been here on several occasions, and all were very good experiences. The food is really something to take note of, I mean 1600+ reviews?! And a majority of them are really good. It's a pretty popular stop in Downtown Sunnyvale. I love love love it. My favorite dishes would have to be the tika kebab and mansaf! So yummy. and so tender. The lamb is always cooked to perfection, and it's oh so freakn' savory, you cannot NOT enjoy it. Every bite is orgasmic. (teehee) I can't even continue this review any longer because my mouth is watering and my lips are wet from the thoughts of it. (sorry, been reading 50shades, lol maybe tbc in my update review? It'll be in 3 parts too. JK) But in all seriousness, this place does live up to it's hype, and it's captured my heart/tastebuds. :)
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,12/10/2012,854,542,12,13,13>While the San Pedro Market Bar feels like the centerpiece of the market's chic and appeal, Little Chef Counter is most definitley one of the main attractions.To date, I've only been able to indulge from the "snack" menu; short-rib sliders, fries with garlic aioli, short-rib poutine, and the braised kale. When I find/get more leisure time, I'm definitely headed back for something more substantial. (Yes, I've missed the entirety of the now-banned foie gras fanaticism, but I have simple tastes - I appreciate the decadence of foie gras, but it's not something I chase after.) For my taste, time, and dollars, Little Chef Counter does not disappoint.The short rib sliders are a straightforward simple construct - marinated short-rib accented with tangy slaw on toasted Hawaiian sweet rolls. The fries (with garlic aolili) are a generous portion, freshly cut, lightly seasoned, and cooked to a satisfyingly crispy exterior. Together, these make for a satisfying and affordable tide-me-over meal, an especially good buffer to all the beer drinking that seems to happen so often when I visit San Pedro Square Market.On my second outing to Little Chef Counter, I got the short-rib poutine and the braised kale. "Poutine" is a bit of a misnomer for anyone accustomed/expecting fries with gravy & cheesecurds, but I get where they're going; it's an unctuous slathering of shortrib and melted cheese over fries [read: starchy, salty, savory goodness in a bowl!]. To balance it out, I got the braised kale, though as it turns out, the kale has a briny flavor/seasoning of its own - still delicious, but I wouldn't order these two dishes together again.Menu aside, Little Chef Counter is a friendly experience conveyed by a charming and engaging young staff, seemingly having fun doing what they do. Given the option, I've sat at the counter the two times I've dined there and enjoyed witty banter and conversations with the staff. I'm sure that sort of concern for a positive customer experience goes a long way.WIth uncommon ingredients, fine dining techniques, a casual aire, accessible prices, and a particularly friendly staff, it is no wonder this place has garnered such vocal fanfare and following._____________________________There aren't any duck confit photos in my instagram feed yet. I need to remedy that sooner than later. What kind fo beer goes with duck?#quack
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,12/9/2012,100,186,2,24,3>This is my first time doing Bikram yoga, so beginners, this review is for you! I got a deal on groupon and decided why not... this review is based on the 2 times I've been there.I was apprehensive about going to my first class since I am a TOTAL noob, I've taken some yoga classes at 24 fitness but you know how that goes... there's really nothing to worry about, everyone is very friendly, and if it's your first time here you're going to have to fill out a waiver & emergency information, so come to class 10-15 min early! Went into the main room and the first thing I noticed was the smell. I was turned off by it, but honestly what do you expect when you're boxed in a hot room and everyone is sweating?  You'll be grossed out, but trust me when you're sweating your ass off 5 minutes into the class, you're too busy trying to breathe and do your poses to notice anymore. I promise. If you're new to Bikram, you know it's hot yoga, but you dont REALLY know how hot it is until you're in the room, you get sweaty just sitting there.My first class was prettyyy crowded and was led by a tall super skinny blonde female instructor (sorry I didn't catch her name!) She was nice and said that for first timers "your only goal is to stay in the room for the full 90 minutes" within 5 minutes into the just the breathing exercises, I was already sweating!!The poses weren't overly complicated, and as a yoga noob I was able to do the poses based on her dictation. I'm used to having the instructor do the poses with me, but in her case I'd imagine it'd be hard to do yoga in the 105 degree heat AND be able to talk to you. It is the same every class, but there are always ways for you to perfect and improve your poses, and if you can't fully do the poses they do suggest small modifications so you can still reap the benefits until your body is able to do it.WARNING: you will sweat like CRAZY in this class. Sweat will be dripping off of you and by the end of class you WILL be drenched. I've never had sweat drip down my legs before. My "Dri-Fit" nike sports bra? Soaked. Bring a yoga mat, bring a large towel to put over your mat unless you want to slide everywhere, and a smaller one to towel off. Bring water, a smart suggestion is to put ice in it or bring 2 bottles with one slightly frozen and it can melt during the class. You think you look gross after cardio? You have no idea how gross you can look after bikram.My 2nd class was led by a petite asian female instructor, her name was Yee-Ting (not sure how to spell that), but she's probably the reason why I'm giving this place 4 stars because she took the time to learn my name and I noticed that she knew the names of others as well. She knew it was my 2nd time here and gave me suggestions and corrected my poses so I could perfect the poses, and I really appreciated that she paid  close attention to me. My first instructor was nice and I think she corrected those with mistakes that were blaringly obvious, but Yee-Ting kept an eye on me and tweaked my form oh so slightly and I felt like I was working my body even more! If you want to give Bikram a try, this place isn't a bad place to start! It's not super fancy but it does what it's supposed to do! Have an open mind, stay hydrated, and try not to get grossed out when you first get there.Namaste, and good luck! :)
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2012,12/8/2012,97,101,3,7,3>How can one resist any place called Goodies Good Eats??? The name of the establishment alone, deserves 1 star, no?Other than the delicious, beckoning name of this place, there are some really "Good Eats" over here. The trick is just figuring out which of those things are! My staple has always been:Chocolate chip pancakes and 3 eggs (made however you like)Grilled Pork chopsChicken Fried Steak (My son loves this) ...and for some reason, I have no idea what my BF ever orders. Hmmm. Anywho, I will say that the food mentioned above is totally YUM.  The greek rice soup is alright, nothing mind blowing, and, um, well, as far as food goes, I guess that's as much advice as I can give you. I will say however, that anyone who orders spaghetti from a place that isn't known for its spaghetti, almost deserves to get BAD spaghetti (whatever happened to only eating your momma's spag, huh?) Service is always MARVELOUS. And if they mess up on something or something tastes uber disgusting, they will take it back!
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2006,7/18/2006,97,206,3,4,5>I'm asian and I play racket sports.  I play table tennis (aka ping-pong).  My cousin went to the Olympics for it.I play tennis.  The Milpitas High tennis team has always sucked.  So compared to everyone else, I was pretty good.I play badminton.  I won CCS.Of the 3 racket sports, badminton is definitely the most difficult.  It takes speed, strength, and endurance.  This isn't your back yard badminton.  If you blink, you'll miss the birdy (shuttle cock) fly right by you.Smash city is the first indoor badminton gym in this area.  It's a great place to get a good work out and watch some reall athletes at play.  It costs $7 to get in.For those of you who think badminton is easy...I'll challenge you on the court.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2006,7/17/2006,8,32,3,,3>If you're ever in desperate need of a coffee maker, calculator, batteries, alarm clock, shoe polish, toilet paper, hair products, board games, nail clippers, snacks, printer paper, pens, cleaning supplies, coke, birthday cards, coke, beer, wine, cd-r's, digital cameras, or even drugs at 3am in the morning you can get them here, except for alcohol of course...what's nice about this place is that they're open 24 hours, so is Safeway across the parking lot, but they don't carry board games and plus they're ghetto
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2006,7/16/2006,35,147,1,7,6>Wet dogs are REALLY funny looking. Here's a concept, that if you like dogs even just a little bit, can't possibly earn less than five stars.My dog and I used to come here so that she could take a bath. Great if you don't have a hose in your yard or bath in your house, because the folks at Scrub-A-Pup will provide you with a large bath, warm water, soap (there's a variety of different types) and a hair dryer. They even give you a water-resistant apron to wear! Best part: the place is spotless when you arrive, but don't feel bad about leaving hair in the drain, because the staff do the cleanup. It even SMELLS good in there!They earn bonus points for elevating the bath tubs to a more comfortable level, so you don't injure your back leaning over to scrub your pup. It's also a great place to meet other dogs! Don't forget to grab a free treat on the way out.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2006,7/15/2006,37,115,2,3,3>This was the Super Bowl of eating. We were eating from 8pm to 1am; Five hours of obscene decadence. Along the same lines as French Laundry and Chez Panisse, Executive Chef David Kinch has been written up in the New York Times for his food. We opted for the Chef's Tasting Menu... and let me tell you people, 22 courses, paired with vintage wines... this was THE EVENT of my 25 years of existence. Excellent, educational, and unpretentious wait-staff.Absolutely Exquisite. Price? Um... $250 per person (this is including tip and tax)... but it was our birthdays and WE DESERVE IT. Yes, I'm taking a bow.freshkut.com/manresa
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2006,7/14/2006,299,1733,,5,3>Shot my first 22 caliber here.  Patient and warm customer service.  Showed off my shooting skills and checked another item off my 'things to try before I die' list.  You'll need a picture ID, provide a bit of personal information and $30 @ the end.   I believe they have a special on Wednesday's for the ladies.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2006,7/13/2006,32,465,1,5,3>Now that's a five dollar milkshake.  It's made with the ice cream that is the actual flavor of the milkshake you ordered, not vanilla + a flavoring syrup.  I am a fiend for the peppermint milkshake, complete with the little crunchy red candy bits down at the bottom -- bliss.None of the non-burger entrees I've had here has convinced me that you should order something here other than a burger.  They are made with Niman Ranch beef and always come to the table dripping with juices.  Yum.  Fries are erratic -- last time we were there they were thicker than usual but apparently the cooking time hadn't been adjusted, since they weren't quite cooked through.  If two of you are eating there, only one of you needs to order fries with their burger -- you can share.  If you don't get a shake, note that there *are* free refills on the cherry Cokes.  It never even occurred to me that they would do this, since they make them with cherry syrup and thus they clearly qualify as some sort of fancy mixed drink.  Now, here's a dirty little secret.  If you feel the need to recreate the milkshakes at home, you should know that the restaurant gets its ice cream from Treat.  You can buy Treat ice cream in half gallon tubs at PW Market, and at a couple of other places in town under store labels (Lunardi's is one of them, and I could swear Piazza's has the exact same tubs).  A milkshake at the restaurant costs you $4.95, while a half-gallon of Treat ice cream will cost you $5 or $6.  But beware, you may think you are getting a great deal until, standing with blender and ice cream scoop in hand, you figure out exactly how much ice cream must go into one of those shakes.  Perhaps it's best not to think about it for the sake of indulgence...ETA: This is NOT the "Peninsula Creamery" -- that's on High Street.  Technically, this is the "Palo Alto Creamery" AKA the "Peninsula Fountain & Grill."  I know, it's confusing...we always just called it the Creamery when we were in school.  I heard there was a legal dispute over who got to be called the Creamery, but I guess they resolved it since this place now gets to use the word too...
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2006,7/12/2006,130,384,2,2,3>I heart Hawaii, therefore, I love Sun Jose Hawaii!Cute assortment of island style dresses, pictures, and music!  I tend to come here right after a trip to the islands...I guess I miss the ABC stores :)...
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2006,7/11/2006,55,272,7,2,4>That Spence guy looks vaguely familar.  Location awareness IM - what does that mean?  Well let me clarify, on meetro i can judge you by your looks as well as your cutie-pie profile.  Then I can say, come on over, 'cause I live a block away. Ohhhh.. stalker-riffic. Avoid that Vinnie guy, he'll drop you for a rickshaw and a bottle of JD.Meetro.com
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2006,7/10/2006,19,136,,3,5>This is a great mall for walking as long as you come early.My chiropractor (see my review of Dr. Block) is just down the road, so every Saturday I get adjusted and then we go to walk around the mall.  I can easily log up to four miles in this place.  Usually we start walking around 9:45, before the stores are even open.  Once the shops and kiosks open I like to walk upstairs, that way I don't get slowed down by all the people trying to sell me unwanted merchandise.A bonus as a walking mall is that the stores are part of the upper echelon of stores... not much is cheap.  This keeps me out of the stores so I can actually get a good workout/walk.We usually walk until lunchtime, grab some food in the food court and then go home.The food court is good.  They seem to have food for every mood.  I like sitting next to the huge fire place during the cooler months.Update: 10/5/06Since my son has started being potty trained we've discovered the family bathroom.  It's over by the food court area bathrooms.  They've got a room with your normally size adult toilet and the cutest little kids toilet.  He gets a huge thrill of using the toilet made just for him!
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2006,7/9/2006,392,374,9,1,3>I now have enough tapioca balls to feed a sugar toothed chinese army!!!!mmmmm...bubbly goodness!
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/7/2012,405,378,6,10,7>Excellent, patient customer service even while the patrons were fasting.This place is pretty new from what I understand and serves halal meat.  They had a buffet and I came during the fasting month to...break my fast with my family.  Even though the owners were fasting they displayed an amazing level of patience considering they had a restaurant full of demanding patrons.Pay at the front, collect your buffet (which has a small variety of good foods that are different from day to day.  Chai is in the front before the register.  Water (dates during Ramadan) and dessert are brought to the table.  Recommend for halal eating hungry giants.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,12/6/2012,288,379,4,6,7>After being back here a handful of time since their grand opening, I actually liked this place. I actually prefer this place over boiling crab because I like the variety in their sauces. My favorite is their creamy basil.. I would usually get it with their shrimp or clams and sausage. Then next would be their creamy garlic which I kinda get sick of it. I wouldn't recommend their Cajun sauce though... I think of you're into the Cajun flavor then you're better off going to boiling crab or craw daddy. The place is pretty spacious.. I don't think I ever had to actually wait for a table before. I've also tried some of their appetizers but none are really worth mentioning. Their deep fried oyster is a definite skip for sure, but I kinda enjoy their steam oysters w ginger. In the end, I think this place is a good alternative to boiling crab / craw daddy since those 2 place are always packed. Just a note.. I've seem people mixing all the sauces together before and they do it for you... But I thought it was a bit too salty and too much when I mixed them together.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,12/5/2012,1114,1200,6,12,10>An underrated good restaurant overshadowed by the more popular places like Jang su Jang and Paris Baguette in Lawrence Plaza. All these times I set foot in this Korean neighborhood I have not once glanced in its direction. The entrance is not exactly eye catching. Signage was almost non existing, especially if you cannot read Korean characters. I do not remember how this place ended up in my bookmark but I am very glad it did. Food was more than enjoyable. You might not be able to judge a Korean restaurant by its look but you can certainly judge it by its banchan. A good variety was offered here. I must have received about 10 different plates. The quality was satisfying. The eggplant namul and kkakdugi (spicy radish) left quite an impression.Yong Yang Dol Sot Jung Silk - I had no idea what to expect. I only know it is some sort of dolsot bibimbap (stone pot mixed rice) served with a bunch of stuff. Since it is listed as their specialty I figured I can't go wrong. It was good, although not quite what I have imagined. The hot pot rice was fairly different from the typical bibimbap normaly served with mixed vegetables and some sort of meat. Their version is made with purple rice topped with ginseng, green beans, lotus seed, date and radish. The rice in the bottom was very crispy since the stone pot was hot enough. Grilled mackerel and spicy soybean soup were served on the side. It was a very healthy meal and a fairly delicious one. Kal Bee Tang - A beef rib soup with clear noodle & egg. It was lovely. The ribs was tender. The soup was rice and well flavored. It is a very homey style of cooking and I really enjoyed it.Clientele was mostly Koreans. In fact, our server kept talking to us in Korean even when we gave her the confused "I don't understand you" look. No worries though. They have a fairly descriptive English menu and there is nothing that cannot be communicated by body language.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,12/4/2012,853,359,11,11,15>Sometimes you just need to unleash your inner fatty and go beast mode on a cheese steak!When that's the case A-Jays is an excellent option. When you have court in Morgan Hill in the morning and afternoon you might as well stay in town. That happened to me so I yelped the area and this spot immediately stood out. I drove on over and was not disappointed!The place is tiny. Has one table inside but some outside seating. The girl behind the counter was super nice. The service was also quick. Price was good too ~$10 for a mushroom cheese steak, root beer, and fries. The sandwich was bomb! Super tasty and perfectly cooked. I'm not sure if peppers were supposed to come with what I ordered but I'm glad they did because it added greatly to the sando. The mushrooms made me quite happy. The fries weren't special but were good. Next time I'll go with either sweet potato or garlic fries. If you live in the area or are up here for lunch I'd suggest a trip to A-Jays!
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,12/3/2012,878,405,11,21,17>Apparently, I'm a regular here.  And it's not only because of the good-sized portions or the yelp check-in offer (10% off).  Why do I really keep coming back?  Well, here goes....Roti with Curry sauceFried TofuPapaya SaladBasil Fish (pompano)Pumpkin Curry (chicken)Pad Se Ew (chicken)Thai BBQ ChickenBanh Thai Fried Rice in a pineapple shell (but I could do without the raisins)  I don't have ALL this in one sitting, but usually a few of them.  I always try something new whenever I visit too.  They have daily specials that are not offered in their menu. Like their flavorful Fried Catfish with Garlic...sadly a bit on the bready side.Their desserts are perfect chasers for mouths on fire.  Recently had their Fried Banana with ice cream and Mango with Sticky rice.  Phew!  I guess I'll have to add these to the list.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,12/2/2012,110,220,5,11,7>So I came to Linda's searching for one thing: delicious food.  Walking into Linda's, you can definitely tell that it is an old space.  It looks like it may have been a 50's diner, with the counter seats and layout, but don't let the old look fool you.  There is some damn good food and nice service here.The service was fast and all of the servers had great smiles!  I came on Memorial Day, slightly hungover, and knew what I had to do.  Order!First thing out was the chips and salsa, and DAMN the salsa ranks up there as top 5!  It is slightly chunky, with great fresh flavors of lime, cilantro, tomato and onion, with a good amount of heat from the jalapenos.  I was eating this by the spoonful (and it definitely got hot!).Next item out was the pozole, and let me tell you, the flavors were amazing.  Slightly spicy, very hearty (sticks to your ribs, trust me), and full of layer upon layer of flavor.  From the savory broth, to the textured hominy, the fall-apart pork, the hint of lime juice and the crunch of cabbage... man, a harmony of flavor is all I can say.  Definitely the best pozole I have had to date.Looking at the menu, I noticed that this place served sopes, and knew I had to order one being a sopes junky.  If you have never tried it, do yourself a favor and try one!  The one at Linda's had a great ratio of lettuce/salsa/cream to carne asada and beans.  Two things really stood out.  The carne asade was tender and exceptionally flavored.  The big kicker was the fried dough itself.  Linda's has by far, the lightest, airiest sopes shell.  It had a great crunch but was not too dense, which gave it a great texture.Last item I ordered (I know, I have a problem, and it's named eating) was the Cocido to go, which was the original reason I sought out Linda's.  I had a bit of the cocido when I got home to try the broth, and it was spot on as well.  Top 3 in my book.  The Beef was amazingly tender, along with the chunks of all of the vegetables and the broth... drool.Linda's is a great place and I can't wait to go back (hungover or not).
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,12/1/2012,327,197,6,11,8>No MSG?! Count me in!I have hand it to restaurant that offers a healthier selection of food, and LeQuy does just that. Fair warning, it is a little pricier than your typical vietnamese place.  and if you are expecting it to taste exactly like Pho, you will be disappointed. The broth itself is a lot lighter, but still very good. You don't feel bloated like a cow after you eat an entire bowl. I came here with two colleagues and we all ordered :1. Avocado Spring Rolls -  $ 3.95  gluten free dish -Avocado, rice vermicelli, and fresh vegetables wrapped in rice paper. This was really different, not your typical spring roll, but if you love avocado, you'll love it. The peanut sauce that went with it however was a little bit light, but with a little bit of sriracha it would have been perfect!2. Seafood Combination Seafood Noodle Soup with the rice noodles -$12.50 (Yes it is pricey, but for me, it was worth it) Jumbo prawns, jumbo Alaskan snow crab claw, sea bass, and wild caught squid in savory homemade broth. Served with fresh garnish. Choice of rice, clear gluten free dish or egg noodles.They arent kidding when they say jumbo prawns, their huge, juicy and not overdone, and there's a lot of sea bass in it so you are getting your money's worth.  There's one claw (so not so much 'jumbo'), but my sea bass made up for it. It was delicious. This woulld be an AMAZING hangover cure. 3. Onions and Vinegar - What I usually always eat my Vietnamese noodles with. I'm sorry, but how can you possibly go wrong with Onions and Vinegar?  *sigh*
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,11/30/2012,84,98,10,10,7>The only Mongolian BBQ between me and my girlfriend from Fremont is this very spot in the mall.  Every other MBBQ is too far for her, so we always choose this spot to meet up, eat, and squeeze in some retail therapy.  Why not?  I'm surprised that there isn't more locations to enjoy MBBQ.  Even my little hometown has three spots.     There is only one option for you; two, actually, if you consider the add-on option of rice and soup for 50¢.  Anyways, the one option is: 1 entree (bowl) for $7.99.  You pay, get your tray with a small-size pho bowl, and fill it up with whatever you find appetizing.   Here is a list of ingredients you can choose from based on my memory: baby shrimps, imitation crab, baby corn, chestnuts, fried tofu, beef, chicken, pork, lamb, bell peppers, zucchini, cilantro, spinach, snow peas, bok choy, bean sprouts, green onion, yellow onion, mushroom, broccoli, jalapeno peppers, noodle, sesame oil, minced garlic.  Sauces: Korean BBQ, Oyster, reg. BBQ, teriyaki, and chili.  The line includes a few more things I can't remember.  The ingredients may be different from day to day as well.In my bowl: Pork all the way! Its juicier and fattier than the other meat.  I add some lamb to not look like a pure 'hog'ger.  Get it??? Pork pig hog Hehe  I add the crab, green onion, and yellow onion for natural sweetness.  I then pack on lots of mushrooms, lots of jalapeno slices, and some bell peppers for crunch.  Sauce: garlic, sesame, oyster, Korean, and chili.  I hold off on the teriyaki, because it is extremely sweet!  While your mixture is cooking, the guy usually adds teriyaki sauce to it, so you might want to ask for more oyster and Korean BBQ sauce after the noodles to balance it out.  Don't worry about it being salty because the sauces are so watered down and they also add more water while it cooks.  **Use your napkin to press down the meat before moving onto veggies.  There's plenty of napkins at the register.**          They put the noodle and sauces on for you here, which is fine.  I don't think I can stack the noodle as high if I were to do it myself.  Don't hesitate to let the guy know exactly what you want sauce/condiment-wise.  I thought the guy was going to be sheisty after seeing how high and full my bowl was pre-noodle, but he still packed on the noodle. That was great!  My stack was about 10 inches above the rim of my bowl.  I seriously was anticipating on it collapsing halfway to the cooking table, but of course, the guys are pros at handling this stuff.  It's such cakewalk down to how they slide the pile right into the to-go box that is almost too fragile to hold the content.  My last time here, my food overfilled onto the lid and my box barely closed.  At the end, you have the option to tip the guys, then add sriracha, sesame seeds, black pepper, garlic powder, and extra teriyaki sauce.  Sorry, no soy sauce.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,11/29/2012,284,184,7,22,10>I'm not sure how anyone could be disappointed in the level of service that they receive here.  Nancy and Amy are wonderful and professional!I have been getting my nails and pedi's done by Nancy and Amy for the past 2 1/2 - 3 years (when they were at TN) and have never left disappointed or unhappy.  My mom, my daughter and a friend of mine are also long time customers of Nancy and Amy and share in my sentiments.It saddens me that people are saying that Nancy and Amy "Pirated" customers from TN, especially since they didn't have access to customers phone numbers or any contact information. Also, pricing is competitive, not pirated! I was a loyal customer to Nancy and Amy, NOT Tina's Nails!  In fact, when I found out the Nancy and Amy left I was worried about who and where I was going to get my nails done.  I ended up going to a place in SJ until I was contacted via Yelp by Nancy (because she had seen me on Yelp before via my review of TN) letting me know that they would be opening their own salon.Additionally, isn't it the American dream to start your own business and be your own boss?  How could anyone fault anyone for following the American dream?  And if I'm not mistaken every manicurist must attend some sort of formal training to earn a certificate, so how could the owner of one salon teach someone "everything they know"?It saddens me that a small business owner would "trash talk" another aspiring business owner, especially in such a small community.  Additionally - very tacky to disclose a personal tragedy on Yelp!  Shame on you JH, very "classless".If you haven't already been tainted by negative Yelp reviews, please give Nancy and Amy a chance.  They are two women trying to live the American dream - don't fault them for that!  Their salon is clean, uncluttered and very relaxing.Lastly, they have a special on right now - 20% off of any service!  You also get a fantastic massage when you get your nails done (not just with a manicure like the other salon)!
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,11/28/2012,536,185,9,13,8>My first karaoke experience!! Pros:-Friendly crowd-Mix of good and bad singers so you don't feel so bad if you suck-People cheer you on even if you do suck-Drinks are good and cheap-Great song selectionCons:-This place is in the middle of Japantown, in this dingy ghetto building with the entrance in the back (you have to go through an alleyway). -Only one mic made it hard for us to do group karaoke on stage-Wished people were dancing and singing!I'd come back, I made some great memories here and the service was so wonderful! I'm sure there are better karaoke bars around, but this one popped my karaoke cherry so it'll always hold a special place on my yelp page :)
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,10/1/2009,880,513,14,15,15>Cheap steroids!!!!! Just kidding. Good Life Nutrition is a gem of a store. Once you walk in you'll notice the place may seem a little cluttered and Joe and his wife might be watching Korean dramas behind the counter, and you might think...."Wth did I just walk into?" But once you see the prices and talk to Joe about any questions you have on the products they sell you'll realize that this place is awesome! Joe and his wife are very helpful and friendly and Joe knows his stuff!I come here on occasion to get my protein shakes on occasion and the prices, as I mentioned earlier, is the lowest I've seen anywhere. GNC or Vitamin Shoppe can't compare. Great place if you need the right nutrition to sustain your healthy active life style.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,9/30/2009,274,299,8,12,12>My meat tortellini with cream sauce were made with love. No really, our friendly and informative waitress told my date and I that the husband and wife owners sit side by side making fresh pasta from scratch every morning. Awwwwww. :PService was quick and the ambiance was romantic but not too formal. Mostly all of the ingredients are local and organic. The complimentary mini flat bread and Sicilian inspired spreads were to die.A true gem that I cannot wait to visit again!
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,9/29/2009,147,84,11,16,14>I am a fan of Won Ton House in Santa Clara.  It is quite an institution and I have been going there since college (you know, like um...two years ago).  It is especially convenient for me because it is next to where I work.  I can call them before I head into a meeting, order food, and then pick up after my meeting. Easy peasy.  I love their hot clay pot meal combos. They are hot and sizzling and come with mini soup and mini veges.  I also like their Hoi Nan chicken rice (missp?) and I usually ask for extra ginger onion thingy to slather on my chicken.  All quite yummy.  Don't order crab there, I remember it was quite expensive (around $80 last time I had it). Overall good restaurant. I'm a fan.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,9/28/2009,626,485,8,12,11>These chocolates are AMAZING! Everything is made from scratch .. no extracts, preservatives, or artificial flavorings. You can definitely taste the difference in these delectable chocolates compared to even Godiva, Joseph Schmidt, and especially See's. The flavors are so fresh. I can't believe they even pick the berries in the morning and incorporate them into the cream and ganache. I got to try these at the Yelp Elite Event at the Mountain Winery in Saratoga and can't stop thinking about them.  Aside from traditional chocolates (dark chocolate, vanilla bean), they also offer fresh fruit ganache like Passionfruit, Rasberry, and Fraise de Boise.Prices are reasonable. You can choose your own chocolates in an assortment of 12pc ($17) or 24pc ($30) and they have cute 2pc or 4pc boxes available too (for those who lack self control?).I'm looking forward to trying their edible hand molded edible box which contains 5 more chocolates! Muahahaha. Chocolate heaven!
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2008,9/26/2009,226,185,11,10,11>Nostalgia.  I can clearly recall my first visit after my high school graduation.  I still remember walking through the brightly lit breezeway, crossing the light rail tracks, and walking through the door.  Surprisingly, the overwhelming scent of artificial (I can't confirm that what they sell is artificial though)  flavored smoke didn't give me the fat headache I was anticipating. The wait to be seated was a bit ridiculous, but I'll excuse that because apparently they're quite popular.  It's hard not to chill out while at Giza.  The music is relaxing, the artwork on the walls makes them stand out from any other hookah joint, the room is dimmed to perfection, the comfortable furniture with pillows.  Chiillllll...Unfortunately, I am no longer under the age of 21, they're kinda pricey, the wait is actually annoying, and hookah doesn't do shit for me.  I think this place is mostly appealing to those who 1- are too young to do anything 21+ but old enough to purchase tobbaco. 2- are not smokers-- Look at me, I'm inhaling and exhaling flavored air except it's not bad for you because there's no nicotine so that makes it alright!  That's cool if that's your steez, but I'd rather save my dineros and purchase a pack of flavored cigarettes if I want there to be flavor is my smokes. At least it does the job.In spite of my complaints, they do deserve credit for their great ambiance and catering to me and my friends before we were old enough to do other fun things-- a solid 3 stars.
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,9/25/2009,1111,645,6,15,10>My aunt and her Italian husband who are true food connoisseurs, love this restaurant, so when I decided to take them out for dinner, I chose I Gatti because I knew it would please them.The owners knew them well, so we were greeted with big smiles, vigorous hand-shaking and warming words... then ushered to a great table/booth right in the front window so we could talk, commiserate and watch the foot and auto traffic pass by. Personally, in a big group, I don't mind sitting anywhere but on a date-one-on-one-situation, I find I like to have some distracting dinner scenery for both my companion and I to look at opposed to being directed to a closed-in back-by-the-kitchen location... it just adds so much to the dining atmosphere to feel open and free while you communicate with each other.I Gatti has a large menu; antipasti, insalate, pasta, ravioli & risotto, carne & pesce. Loving to start with salads, I Gatti more than fulfilled my cravings by delivering a wonderful Insalata Balsamico ... succulent baby greens sprinkled with crunchy, toasted walnuts to provide a smoky crunch melded with crumbled creamy goat cheese... firm cherry tomatoes & sweet caramelized onions. When I eat, I like to use all of my senses; smelling the balsamic pancetta dressing filled my lungs with tartness, my eyes focused on varied colors and shapes of red, green, brown, yellow, orange and brown. The tasting proved to be a perfect blend of sweet/sour complex notes with a freshness only available in the best of ingredients. Other alternatives on the menu that attracted me were a wonderful looking Insalata alla Cranberry with mixed greens and spinach with dried cranberries, roasted pine nuts, feta cheese drenched in a honey-balsamico vinegar. Next time! Oh, next time.!Personally for me, I love all Italian food, especially pastas, so it is always difficult to decide. Very difficult actually, but of the 14 pasta alternatives, the Lasagna Verdue drew itself closest to me. Eggplant, spinach, onions, zucchini & mushrooms, generously layered with gooey, stringy fully-melted provolone & ricotta cheese, served over a bed of homemade marinara. Wispy clouds of steam poured out as my fork divided it and the aroma was divine. I could have just eaten that and been fully satisfied but the complex flavor of the thick layered lasagna just added to the experience. It was wonderful and perfectly cooked.Both my aunt and uncle ordered I Gatti's house cabernet sauvignon and were very satisfied with its quality ... commenting that their wine and meal blended together in just the right combination. Going backwards a little, I want to state that the waiters were very attentive and kept the water glasses full at all times. The pre-dinner bread and olive oil were also excellent with fresh, soft, warm bread with a crisp, toasty crunch coupled with nutty, green-yellow oil to dip it into. A fine, relaxed way to start off the night.Usually, desserts are such a necessary opportunity to relax the overloaded senses with a calming sweet, sugary final kiss to the night's experience. Relaxation takes effect as you slowly and often times share the treat from person to person in one collective final choice. However, this time, we just couldn't find in ourselves the room for ice cream or flan. But we were fully satisfied nonetheless.I Gatti is off the beaten track in Los Gatos, across from the Los Gatos Creek trail, close to Southern Kitchen. Very hard to find parking as well but if you are going on a date or want to go to Italian food for a special occasion, I highly recommend I Gatti as a wonderful, friendly, warm restaurant with exceptional food and service.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,9/24/2009,545,312,15,19,16>This was Stop 8 on the Los Gatos Bar Crawl (#LosCrawl on Twitter) - and this is where the crash happened and the crawl ended!Doing the second crawl in a week with Michael C., we both realized we were doing this too fast - the pace (8 bars in 5 hours) was much faster than the last crawl in Palo Alto where we conquered 11 bars in about 9 and a half hours and were still great!I was really feeling it - ordered a Veggie burger - drunk as I was, I still retained enough reasoning skill to watch my caloric intake - since I'd been drinking all evening and had my fill of calories.Of course, this theory would go out the window during our next stop but for now, let's go with it ;pWith my veggie burger, I had a Sam Adams - cold, refreshing - and I could not finish it...  beer drinking FAIL.  Had to throw away about half of my unfinished beer - such a terrible waste - I felt horrible!!!The veggie burger was very good - this place actually looks awesome, something I'd definitely come back and try when a little more sober.  Service was quick, food was ready quickly and it was very tasty.  Michael C. had some type of burger and it looked like he had an enormous amount of food on his plate LOLI did notice it's not very spacious so it might get a bit crowded with a bit of a wait on some evenings.  But I'd happily visit again - any place that has such a good veggie burger definitely has an awesome burger and I cannot wait to try it!!!~ 4 stars overall.  Intrinsic value is three stars but it gave me food to soak up some of the alcohol at a much needed time so that's worht another star - that, and the great service :)# 136
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/25/2009,9/22/2009,299,340,14,16,15>My friend and I stopped in for a light meal before going to see a movie next door tonight.I couldn't help but smile when I saw Thea's beautiful decor, and I instantly was transported back to the Greek Islands. The colors of Greece--blue and white--highlight the interior. I loved the comfortably cushioned, white-washed benches; the gauzy white cotton fabric separating the large bar area from the dining room; and even the cobalt blue water bottles.The menu offers updated Greek and Turkish favorites, including entrees of whole fish, souvlakis, and a variety of mezedes. We decided to make a meal of these appetizers, starting with the sampler (hummus, htipiti, tzatziki, and melitzanosalata). The platter of dips came with a plate of freshly made pita bread that I couldn't keep my hands off of, it was so good.Next came the Pancar Salatasi, a Turkish salad of micro green arugula, roasted beets, herbed goat cheese, balsamic vinegar, and candied almonds. I easily could have eaten this entire salad myself, as the portion was on the small side, but also because the flavors worked so well together.The Saganaki Opa! was indeed flaming cheese, lighted tableside with the assistance of some brandy. The presentation was spectacular but smoky, and the appetizer didn't quite live up to the show.I'd definitely go back to Thea to sit outside on the lovely patio and to try some of the other dishes. Unfortunately they were out of several of my initial choices tonight, including a stuffed calamari appetizer. Next time, perhaps!
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2009,9/21/2009,1071,862,19,21,18>The new Chacho's is outstanding! The first thing to note, is that Chacho's is now a taqueria rather than a sit down restaurant. Keep this in mind if you plan on visiting with a group. Calling ahead to give a heads up to the staff would be a great idea. The owner and employees are super sweet, and can totally accommodate. The menu has been changed a bit, but they still serve enchiladas, chile rejenos, and I even noticed Albondigas on the menu. Chacho's even sells sides of their enchilada sauce, which I think is brilliant! Their enchilada sauce is unlike any I have ever had! Chacho's offers aquas frescas too! The tacos were delicious! I tried a variety of tacos: Carne asada, pastor, veggie, and fish. All were on point. The asada and pastor tasted just like my beloved legendary Blue Monkey tacos. The grilled veggie taco was full of mushrooms, zuchinni, onions, and shredded cheese. Delicious! The fish taco came with shredded cabbage and white sauce. The fish was very fresh! I had mine flaked, but you have the option of ordering it deep fried as well.I added some of Chacho's orange sauce for some extra flavor. Their orange sauce is not as spicy as some of the other orange sauces in the area, but it's super tasty! I would put it on ice cream, let's put it that way! The decor is warm, inviting, colorful, and very artistic. Everywhere you look- there is something especial! The star lanterns add a nice warm glow to the indoor portion of the dining area. The decor is amazing, right up to the ceiling! On Sundays, Chacho's offers drinks specials on their mimosas and sangria. LOVE LOVE LOVE the fact that they are located right next to Cardiff Lounge. Grab some dinner and drinks, and then catch some grooves right next door! Perfect! This is as good as it gets!
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2009,9/20/2009,733,936,11,16,15>Sauerkraut!  I can't believe there's a company that just makes sauerkraut.Farmhouse Culture makes hand-made seasonal krauts.  I first found them at the Sunnyvale Farmers Market.  There was a small line around them and after tasting a few samples I could see why.They really only make 3 or so krauts, and right now they only have 3 available: classic, apple a day, and holy smokes.  Apple a day is targeted for kids but it is delicious.  But my heart was stuck on Holy Smokes.  It is a Latin remix of El Salvadore's curtido, a traditional cabbage dish made with fermented pineapple juice. The tropical touch has been replaced with smoky heat, adding oak-smoked fresh jalapenos to a blend of cabbage, carrots, sweet onions, and crunchy radish.I can attest that so far it goes GREAT with grilled cheese sandwiches and hot links.  Again, it is a bit pricey at $7 a pint, but it's fresh, high-quality stuff.  I don't know if I can go back to regular kraut in a jar again.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,4/20/2013,217,164,5,10,10>Best piercing experience ever! I walked in thinking I might get my tragus pierced and was warmly greeted by Jay - a piercer in training - he talked me through what the piercing would be like and I quickly decided to just go for it.Jay was SUPER helpful and answered all of my questions (which I had quite a few) honestly and happily. I've heard horror stories about going to other piercing places and the people getting annoyed with questions like you should know the answers already.  As much as I do my research I still want to ask while I'm at the piercing place. To repeat, Jay was awesome at answering questions and making me feel totally comfortable to ask as many as I wanted.  After making the decision we picked out my jewelry and proceeded to the piercing room.  Jay prepped me and let my boyfriend stand in the room with us and made the whole thing super comfortable and easy.  He chatted with me, kept me calm and was nice the whole time.  He introduced me to my piercer Annie and she stood with us while he finished prepping me and chatted with me for awhile too. They weren't in a hurry to pierce me and get me out, at all! The process as a whole was super fast, but not rushed in any way.Annie pierced my tragus so easily, I asked what it would feel like and they said more pressure than pain - they were totally right; it didn't hurt at all!! I was also expecting to bleed and I didn't, and I was also expecting it to hurt an hour or so after and it didn't - now it's the next day and I still have had no pain.  As a matter of fact, I have to keep looking at it in the mirror just to prove to myself I got it done because I can't feel it at all (I'm kinda obsessed with seeing it too, of course!)Overall my ENTIRE piercing experience here at Pierced Out was AMAZING, I couldn't have asked for anything more. Their prices are great, their service is great and Annie and Jay were both awesome.  My tragus piercing was easier and honestly felt faster than getting my lobes pierced at claires years ago with a gun. I would recommend this place to anyone!! Give it a try and tip well, these people realllly deserve it and it shows so much when people love what they are doing and are so good at it. Thank you for an awesome experience!
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,4/19/2013,456,384,11,14,12>Generous portions for the price and the taste is very fresh. Not quite as good as the real DishDash but definitely will satisfy your schwarma craving.Hummus on the side is a must. The spicy red sauce is definitely hot, so you might want to go easy on it if you don't like the heat. My favorite is the lamb schwarma, not lamb-ey at all but moist, tender, and the spices flavor it very nicely. I love how you can add all the different toppings to it, caramelized onions, avocado, sweet pickled radish, etc. They also have a juice bar with a lot of different types of juices/drinks available. One of them is a Nutella smoothie, you heard right, NUTELLA! Though I'm sure it might not have the same health benefits as say an apple/carrot concotion, it does taste better and hence that's all that matters. Nutella smoothie and schwarma, match made in Dish N Dash =)
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/18/2013,339,216,10,15,14>I love this place! Healthy eats, decent prices, wonderful flavors!I always get the whole chicken platter when I come here for lunch. It's so big, I can only eat half and the other half is saved for dinner. The kabob platters are also really good. Chicken kabobs tend to usually be overcooked and dry especially when using white meat, but they were very moist and flavorful here. And that sauce? MONEY.Not only is the food fresh and tasty, but the workers are all so friendly which makes it hard not to continue coming back. There is free tea and Yelp check-in offers for free dessert/soda. The only downside is that they have VERY limited seating so it's not ideal for large groups during the lunch rush. Also closed on Mondays :( BooooOh! They also have a butchery and sell whole chickens and meats unprepared at a REALLY good price. Only $3.99/lb for a marinated whole chicken. Buy a few whole chickens, bring it home, pop it in the oven, and wow all your dinner guests with your newfound cooking abilities.
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,4/17/2013,70,394,7,8,7>Good to see a new Filipino open up in my neck of the woods so it'll now be super convenient to pick up some adobo and such. Upon reading the Yelp reviews (as usual), I ventured there to order some take out on a Saturday night. The place, no surprise, was packed, with Filipinos of course.The guys who takes my order is really nice and made recommendations as to what he thinks is good to order to-go. Let's see, I got the bangsilog - pan fried milkfish with garlic rice. The milkfish is fried crispy so that you can literally eat the entire fish, bones and all. In addition to the ultra crispiness, it also has a tangy taste. Very good. Next up was the chicken adobosilog - pieces of chicken cooked adobo style. I was less impressed with this than the fish as the meat seemed less flavorful and drier than expected. Perhaps pork would've been the better choice.Garlic rice is super garlicky so expect some seriously bad breadth after the meal. Bring your box of mints!
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/16/2013,1651,2220,14,6,5>My clinical supervisor once told me that I should never try meth. He said that it's a horrible idea, because if I loved it, I'd use more and more and it would eventually kill me.Five stars for Amato's Cheesesteaks. I'm so screwed. For the same reason.
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,4/15/2013,308,69,5,10,5>NorCal gets the bomb Kickin' Crab from SoCal! I was excited to go to this place since the one in SoCal is BOMMMMMMBBBFor starters, the food is STILL AMAZING ERMAHGOD and the COMBOS are sweet. Remember guys, you can trade anything in the combos for other food. I got a bag with 2 lbs crawfish and 1 lb shrimp (Combo 1), fries, Fish tacos, and my water. HehheCrawfish is fresh right now so they are good sized and delicious, the shrimp is cooked well also. The cajun fries here are thin like mcdonalds fries and sweet which is really good! Its different from the fluffy ones down south but still bomb.The wait was super short since it's new and I think in a few weeks or so once word gets out that this bomb ass cajun place is open its going to be crowded as FFFFF.The parking lot is puny too. Oh, and the service is good ! Go here guys this is my new favorite cajun style seafood joint in Cali
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,4/14/2013,614,259,11,13,9>Did I seriously just go here?... Wow.I'm going to start off with their.. their excellent customer service. Hands down, one of the best, and most pleasant workers I've had the pleasure to be around EVER.So, it began by me being a fool and cancelling my reservation here... why? I haven't the slightest clue. I tried to reclaim my reservation, but they said they were booked and said that I could try a walk-in. Damn, right?! Well you know what, it's also... VALENTINES DAY. Meaning, good luck getting in anywhere!But boy, was I lucky. I showed up right around 7:45PM (again, ON VALENTINES DAY) and told them how stupid I was in cancelling my reservation, and they actually still had my name written down JUST IN CASE I CHANGED MY MIND. Wow.... That's freaking amazing. But anyways, they just told me that they'd put my name down again, and told me the wait would take more than an hour.. because there were at least like 13 parties ahead of us.So we decided that we'd get some milk tea in the mean time... Well shoot, they called me within 30 minutes.. and told me my table was ready. Wow. I love you. That's... that's some real awesomeness people. Wow.The service... the waiters are polite, patient, and so willing to help. It was my first time and they walked me through how the menu worked, and how dinner was served. Awesome... OKAY THE FOOD.Just amazing, freakin amazing! My girlfriend and I ordered a list of items... which I can't recall from the top of my head, but one item that stuck out was the filet mignon on their "special menu" holy crap was it just fabulous. And also, their creme brulee green tea... oh my goodness. It was like, like an orgy of flavors in my mouth.Like everyone else mentioned, the portions are small, but damn do they pack a punch! HELLA GOOD. Pricey, but what do you expect? This is the ultimate experience when it comes to fine Japanese dining. I absolutely loved it. The customer service blew me away, and the food dug my grave. I'm sold. I will definitely be coming back.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,4/13/2013,476,261,5,9,6>Nice little (okay not so little and actually quite spacious with its two-story setting) Italian spot in DTSJ.For appetizers, we started with the bruschetta, fried calamari, and polenta stuffed mushrooms. The melted gorgonzola sauce that comes with the mushrooms was so amazing we fought our server to keep it long after the mushrooms had been devoured so we could dip our bread in.For entrees, we ordered an assortment of dishes, including the ravioli trio (2 each of mushroom, cheese, and beef ravioli), the lasagna, penne and sausage, and grilled sirloin and there were no complaints about any of it. They offer a seasonal pumpkin cheesecake dessert that sounded pretty good, and probably is as they were out by the time we dined. Their peach fruit crisp with vanilla ice cream made up for it pretty well though. Though both the ambiance and food at this place are good, what I really enjoyed was their service. Our waitress was extremely friendly and accomodating and even went to lengths to bring out a ramekin-sized side of spaghetti and meatballs just because the bf's dad enjoys it so much and wanted just a bite.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,4/12/2013,1335,1550,22,29,26>Stopped by for dinner tonight. Very festive wall paintings. I'm loving it! The lady at the counter that took our order rocked the suggestion party! We ordered the Curried Chicken and Chicken Wings Jerky. The former was bursting with flavors! There were plantains, rice and greens. The chicken was very tender and infused with flavors. The latter was just right with spice and comes in five pieces of flavorful meaty wings.  With this order comes two rolls of warm bread. We also tried this donut like goodness called Corn Festival. It was one last thing I didn't need to eat tonight but one bite and I'm all in! To wash these goodness down we shared a glass of Guava Pineapple drink. Simply refreshing! Fast service. Awesome tasty food. Very affordable prices. I'm a fan!
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,4/11/2013,405,477,8,11,10>One of the best parts about living in Santa Clara is the abundance of amazing Korean restaurants, and SGD is definitely one of my favorites. The #17 is heaven. It's a mountain of delicious short ribs that are lightly sauced and cooked to perfection. It's every bit as delicious as a prime cut of steak, and only a fraction of the cost. The banchan here doesn't have the variety and quality of some of the other Korean restaurants in the area, but the main dishes definitely make up for it.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2007,8/10/2007,192,221,15,6,3>I came in here and ordered my burrito extra hot which in most places mean I still have to add some hot sauce. I bit into the burrito I bought here and it was hot. Really hot. Hot searing pain in my mouth hot. Sweating bullets out of my head hot.Holy f____ing christ hot.Ouch!!!! It actually hurts to bite into this thing.I thought I'd died and gone to burrito heaven hot.I'm not the one to tell you about the subtle flavors you might find in a burrito but I have to tell you if you ask for extra hot here they will load you up with a ton of habanero sauce.I had chicken but at this point you can't even feel texture.I had the most beautiful culinary experience here.Five stars doesn't feel like it's enough.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2007,8/9/2007,318,114,12,12,14>Sure, it's a big soCal Asian grocery chain....so you'd think that they'd all be pretty much the same right?  And you'd be right for the most part....however, this particular location happens to make some exceptional won ton noodle soup (won ton mein).  At other 99's I've found the broth to be pretty flat and nothing more too many bullion cubes tossed in old bath water.  At this place however, there's some good meaty flavor in the broth...nothing overpowering, but enough to make a difference.  The other key difference at this location is the man behind the glass tending to the noodle soups.  While he may be, how else can I say this.... digitally challenged and cranky 24/7, he makes the most wonderful shrimp won tons--just the right balance of shrimp, salt and white pepper flavor.  When not making the soups himself, you can usually see him making the won tons by hand.  Take a sip of the broth, then bite into one of his won tons and you'll get just the right burst of shrimpy goodness.  I liked the soup even better when they used napa cabbage instead of broccoli, but hey it's a minor gripe.  If you want to embellish just a little bit...go for the BBQ pork won ton noodle soup (char siu won ton mein).  Just make sure that you give the guy your receipt after you've ordered at the register...and be doubly sure to pay attention to when your order's ready.  If he has to call you out twice....he's gonna get feisty!***Bump up to 4 stars...Don't know if it's because it's the Lunar New Year, or I just happened to catch them at the right time, but their char siu's even better than it has been, and the gruff old man still makes some of the finest shrimp won tons anywhere...odd bonus, he's actually much nicer now...like smiling and shit...odd.  Good, but still odd.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2007,8/8/2007,345,860,8,2,6>I love SIMPSONS and the fact this 7'11 turn into a Kwik-Mart is PURELY GENIUS!! GENIUS I TELLS YOU! I was lucky enough to pick up three pink sprinkle donuts, Krusty O's and a 6 pack Buzz cola. i don't even know what i am going to do with the Krusty O's and the cola because i don't drink coke but i just had to buy something. The pink sprinkle donut is actually pretty good, now I know why Homer LOVES donuts! I cant wait for the movie.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,8/7/2007,622,449,3,14,13>Ahhh...I've just walked into heaven.  Everything looks soo mouth-wateringly delicious, I have no idea what to pick!  Plus, there's an overwhelming amount of choices...cakes, cupcakes, poundcakes, cheesecakes, loaf cakes, big round cookies (probably 10 cm diameter), specialty cookies, cookie bars, brownies, muffins, scones, coffeecakes, pies, creme brulee, and more!  Help me!  Too many choices!  So, I stared at everything, & stared some more & drooled.  Good thing there wasn't a line.  I told the woman who had come in behind me to go ahead, since it looked like she knew what she wanted.  Um, I'll have one of everything!  Oh wait, that would make me double or triple in size...gotta pace myself.  In the end, I got a swirly cake: looks like a Hostess chocolate cupcake, as described by several other yelpers.  I finally chose that because I remember it being mentioned in several reviews, quite favorably.  Mmm, mmm, good, (I know, wrong food reference) & I don't think there's all those preservatives & multi-syllabic ingredients you can't pronounce in it.  Kind of messy, though...I wouldn't try to eat this as part of multi-tasking, like driving, or even walking, or wearing anything white.2 of the humungous cookies:  white chocolate dee-luxe and oatmeal chocolate chip.  I actually met up with a friend for dinner that evening, so I brought them with me, so we shared them for dessert.  Even then, we didn't finish them!  I felt I had to share them so I don't gain as much weight as I could.   If I'm going to get fat, you're going to get fat too.They also have a cute little section of baking related items, kitchen & serving ware, cards, & pretty paper plates & napkins to buy when you pick up your pre-ordered cake for a party.  There are some fragile items in the display, so there's actually a cute little sign that says something like "Please hold little hands."  Not that people really seem to honor these type of requests...a woman came in with her little boy, & she didn't keep that close an eye on him initially, & I was ready to cringe while watching them out of the corner of my eye, ready for something to be broken.  Wow, I can't believe I've never wandered this far down the street to discover this place.  I'm frequently within 3 blocks of it, & just never came down this way.  Then I heard it being recommended, including on Yelp.  I'll be returning multiple times to sample more of their billions of items.  Must start working out more....Located on the north side of Main, between University Ave. & the freeway overpass.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,8/6/2007,21,60,5,15,12>I was pleasantly surprised with Fraiche. To all those who dismiss this place as a pinkberry clone, look a little deeper and you'll find a store dedicated to its environment and conscious of its surroundings in such a way that you find yourself appreciating the product even more so.Allow me to explain.Fraiche is a concept store. It is all about fresh, organic, local ingredients. From their fresh frozen yogurt prepared everyday to their in-house culturing of their yogurt, it is bringing back the local businesses of yesteryear. I fully commend the owners of Fraiche for this refreshing approach (a full180 of the franchise Pinkberry). As for the frozen yogurt itself, it taste like it should: Frozen - Yogurt and its damn good.oh and  for all you caffeine fiends out there, they also have Oaklands very own Blue bottle coffee.A Side note:I went to Fraiche for two of reasons.Firstly, I visited LA recently and my friend introduced us to Pinkberry. I have to say I wasn't overly impressed by this cultural phenomenon but that fact that its one of the only foods you can't get over here in the Bay Area, made it a little more special that it really needed to be. Also, the mass line of people waiting always makes you second doubt your own sensible senses and ask the question "is it just me? am i weird? or does this just taste like frozen Yakult?" Anyhow, our trip to LA was extremely Fun-o so as association goes i wanted myself some Pinkberry. Secondly, SF weather sucks balls right now and PA has Goldie Locks weather; not too hot, not too cold, just right.To cap off a good sat we went and played a little footie in the gorgeous sunshine of Palo Alto.A plea:Fraiche- i think you should open up shop in SF, people'll gobble up your sexy socially-conscious style and when you do, please bring the weather with ya!: )
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/21/2006,8/5/2007,632,224,43,2,5>If you're familiar with my reviews you might know that I have a penchant for soliloquizing about Koreans or Koreaness or things Korean, and while some might label certain commentaries as questionably reinforcing stereotypes, I say, are you serious?  I have black hair, brown eyes, I was raised on rice and when my Caucasian friends came over after school for snacks, it wasn't for milk and cookies (ha! fools, we're lactose intolerant!) but jujubahs and kimbap.  What am I supposed to write about, mac & cheese?  I don't know the first thing about it except that it comes in a box.  Therefore, I write about what I know, about my unique experience and observations as a Korean American:  level 3 chopsticking, garlic and a ticket to the spicy life I am still freaking waiting to get on board.   I love it that you and I are different, or the same?  Carry on!So after that aimless sermon touching on Korean stereotypes, of course I'm going to review a Chinese restaurant.  Typical! Ming's is a popular choice for brides and grooms.  I've had a handful of friends hold their receptions here over the years -- some good, some bad.  The food quality hasn't always been consistent, but the staff is always 100% respectful.  True Story:  I once attended a predominantly Korean reception held here and if there's one thing I love it's a hilariously tacky group of old school Korean people.  Take, for example, lovely and uber stylish autumn bride who, for her wedding, chose stunning glass hurricane vases filled with fresh fall nuts and fruits (persimmons, apples, tangerines, chestnuts, walnuts, cranberries, etc.) accented with a handsome grosgrain ribbon as the centerpieces, instead of flower arrangements.  You know where this is going?  Fifteen minutes into cocktail hour, I mean, the bridal party hasn't even arrived yet, the banquet coordinator at Ming's runs mid cardiac arrest to me at the receiving table to report a certain abuse of decorations.  We basically had a cavalry of gray haired forty and fifty-somethings on our hands busting out their Swiss Army knives, manhandling, peeling, attacking fruit (and the nuts!) like they had just been released from Survivor Island.  Half in stitches, half horrified, I surveyed the room.  It was too late.  Scraps on the table, the Koreans had left no survivors.  So may this be a lesson for all you brides-to-be:  if you're going to invite Korean people, a.) best be sure you you don't have edible centerpieces, and b.) have guests check all weapons and metal objects at the door.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2007,8/1/2007,451,735,3,7,6>Consider this fast food. Instead of having a sit down/served dinner and spending $30+, I opt for fast Indian. Tandoori deserves four stars because the quality and flavor you get by far surpass any fancy burger chain. (ie jrockets around the corner) Here is what makes my tummy happy after a long day at work- fed 2 adults:Chicken Tikka Masala (dinner 10.49)Naan (included)Eggplant (included)2 Samosas (3.99)Mango Lassi (2.99)This place is perfect for those who have never tried Indian and now dare to. You have to know what youre doing when you visit the hard core spots. This is a modern, safe & error proof restaurant for the closed minded SJ folk.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,7/29/2007,32,147,3,6,6>Super STAR (pun-intended)! This place has now *officially* become my fav sushi bar in the bay area.This review is based on the simplest, genuine, critical eating experience of the basic sushi (no crazy rolls) and very little else (no salads or major entrees). I'm talkin straight up toro, mirugai, hirame, aji, uni, amaebi... and BAM. This totally hit the spot -- more than one actually.Absolutely LOVED: their SUSHI (taste, detailed toppings, and the fact that you can order 1 piece): the rice to fish ratio (they put all other sushi chefs and restaurants to shame! most places skimp out on the fish and give you a ton of rice to cover it up... not here!): their cute and innovative-ness! : desserts!: ambiance and refreshing decor: the ceramic ware!!!: the people (family owned, as mentioned. they're super nice and easy going. i adore their punk daughter who helps out... i feel you!)Daaaaamn, if you want good REAL sushi, you come here. Ugh, this is horrible - Hoshi fits my "I want to provide coverage and press, but not so that I can't get in again" category. But honestly, you need not come here for the creative rolls and nonauthentic stuff (though I should try 'em first). Just by looking around, their repertoire of appetizers and entrees is impressive (ranging from soba to ochazuke to fish/meat/greens...) and I can see why genuine Japanese peeps frequent this place. I am definitely going back for MORE! P.$. considering the amount of fish we get per piece, it's very reasonable!P.S.#2  If they don't meet your eye when you're clearly begging for more tea, just utter "a... sumimasen..." and ask!  I tend to like their style of service (just used to it I guess), but I can see how some of us can feel forgotten!
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2007,7/28/2007,446,745,10,7,10>what do 6 really drunk people do after they had just been kicked out of a wedding by some rent a cop? duh, they go to jack in the box of course!i must hand it to the big guy with the huge noggin and the funny hat... 24 hour drive throughs are the best freakin inventions ever. i say that it beats eli whitney's interchangeable parts any day. dont quote me. we rolled deep to this jack in the box in search of some food that would 1. sober us up 2. make us not that hungover in the morning and 3. not really sober us up. we were lying about #1. we just wanted food that would enable us to drink more.$35, 12 tacos, two combo meals, a milkshake, and 2 trio samplers later, we laid sprawled out all over the hotel room silently wishing jack all the happiness and health in the world. such a great man who's forward thinking would allow drunk people to dine at 2am should become president. we all decided right then and there that if he decided to run, we would be his go to campaign team. it would be grass roots, of course, since none of us really had the kinda dough that these campaign sponsors have, but never the less we would tirelessy roam the streets convincing people of Jack's Trio Sampler and Tacos For All platform. it would be huge. he'd beat out all those other so called 'worthy' opponents with their stupid immigration and moral platforms. ugh who does that?Jack For President '08
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2007,7/27/2007,274,290,7,15,13>Ramen Hunt 2007 - Quite possibly the most brilliant, the most ridiculous, and the most hypertensive endeavor in Yelper history! It all started several weeks prior in a conversation with a fellow Yelper after I had finally tried Katana-ya. I remarked how I had no idea that there was such a ramen craze. I had never really had non-Maruchan ramen before this, much less in a restaurant. To which he pointed out that the Bay Area is ripe with ramen shops, though many outside of SF. And he, being the borderline madman that he is, suggested, "We'll have to go on a ramen hunt!" I thought that this would mean trying a new ramen shop every couple of weeks or so...but oh no. That is apparently not how we roll.Fast forward to 7/7/07, the fortuitous day we embarked on our Bay Area-wide Ramen Hunt with six (!!!) ramen shops on the itinerary. All...in...one...day. The itinerary was thus: 1) Ramen Halu in San Jose, 2) Kahoo Ramen in San Jose, 3) Ramen Club in Burlingame, 4) Santa Ramen in San Mateo, 5) Maruichi in Mountain View, 6) Ramen House Ryowa in Mountain View, and 7) dessert - oh yes, believe it - at Verde Tea across the street from Ryowa. It turned out that Ramen Club was closed for vacation, but we made up for it by having two bowls at Santa Ramen. Together, we consumed 6 bowls of ramen, some fried chicken, some additional sides of pork, fried rice, and two small rice bowls. We might just be totally effing insane. We didn't order the same kind of ramen at each place, because this wasn't really about "Who makes the best ramen?" It was meant to simply be a fun day of exploring the different kinds of ramen out there, so we had quite a variety. Each place had its own take on the meal, but I definitely had my favorite...you'll just have to read all of these reviews to find out! Okay, well that's enough background...onto the review!STOP #1: Ramen HaluAt $7.50, the signature "Halu Ramen" is a decent sized bowl which comes with:- Thick, chewy yellow noodles: too thick and chewy for my liking- Fermented bamboo shoots: large cuts and bursting with flavor- Ear mushrooms: i love these crunchy, slippery fungi not often found in ramen- Spinach: I like this because it makes me think I'm eating healthy. I'm easily fooled.- Green onion: lots and lots and lots of green onion; a bit distracting to the overall flavor- A single slice of thinly sliced chasu (roasted pork): the pork had adequate flavor, but was way too small a serving and too lean a cut. You can order extra chasu to your heart's pork loving content (3 slices for $2, 7 slices for $4, and 10 slices for $6).- A milky pork-based broth that is flavored with anchovies, shellfish, seaweed, and some other things. The broth does not appear overly oily (like at Katana-ya), however there are plenty of bits of fat floating around. Despite that somewhat scary sight, the broth was not too heavy and had decent flavor, though on a the mild side.If I were to come here again, I would probably order a helping of "The Works" which is an extra serving veggies, pork, and an egg for $6. Though that brings the bowl of ramen up to $13.50, which seems  steep to me. There are also a number of other appetizers and two other versions of the ramen broth available (the standard soy and salt), however this menu seemed limited in comparison to some of the other shops we came across later on. The menu itself is very detailed and informative with regards to how each broth is made; however, this was a little overwhelming for me. I would suggest that they simplify the menu and add some pictures to help the uberhungry and impatient patrons...especially when you have to wait in line and starved yourself the night before in anticipation of this day o'ramen.My criteria to determine stars for this hunt, with noodles, broth, and meat given the most weight:Noodles: 3 starsBroth: 3.5 starsPork/Meat: 3 starsRamen Accessories (veggies, egg, etc): 4 starsNon-Food Factors (price, service, wait, menu, etc): 3.5 starsOVERALL: 3.25 stars
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,1/24/2011,146,142,6,9,8>My mouth is watering just writing this review about my delicious sandwich from California Sourdough. I can only remember one other sandwich that compared to the absolute perfection of a Cali Sourdough sammy and it was from a deli in NYC. First sign it was gonna be as good as my friends Joel & Todd claimed was the line of about 15 people out the door upon my arrival. Second Sign, the smell of heavenly baked sourdough wafting outside. Third sign, the fact that while they prepared my sammy, the bread was steaming because it had just been baked. All of these good signs couldn't prepare me for how good it really was. Don't hesitate to go and get yourself a fantastic sandwich from California Sourdough. Just remember, they aren't open very long so check the hours before you go. Oh, and they only accept cash payment.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2010,1/23/2011,615,556,15,18,15>Israel hooked up my husband, our dads and all the groomsmen when we needed rental suits and shoes for our wedding! Aside from being great at what he does, he gave us a fantastic deal and we knew from our first meeting with him that everything was going to work out with Tuxedo Fashions - and it did!If my guy needs a tux or nice suit in the future, I'm sure he'll definitely rent one here. If Israel is helping you, you're in good hands.Note: They will also custom make a suit to your measurements for you to buy, if that's something you're looking for.
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,1/22/2011,1071,862,13,18,18>Golden Buddha is officially my most favorite Chinese restaurant! The food and service is consistently great here. I have yet to have anything but a stellar experience. The beef fried rice, and Chinese chicken salad are THE best! The wor wonton soup is to die for, and the walnut shrimp are divine!  I love the fact that Golden Buddha is good for a sit down meal, or for takeout. Golden Buddha offers adequate seating for groups.  I would not recommend this spot for huge groups, since the restaurant is located in a small strip mall, and parking can be tricky.
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,1/21/2011,210,372,8,10,9>My cousin and her boyfriend came to stay with us for Christmas and since I was the designated tour guide during their stay I bought tickets to go to Gilroy Gardens Nights of Fire. Quite honestly I wasn't prepared for just how beautiful it would be, the whole park was lit up with brilliant fairy lights and a kaleidoscope of colors. We didn't go on many of the rides preferring instead to walk around the park and take in the beautiful sights and sounds that surrounded us. The evening culminated with a laser and fireworks display set to music, it wasn't on the level of a Disneyland display, but was still very entertaining. Everyone enjoyed themselves so much that we think a visit to Gilroy Gardens just might become a Christmas tradition for our family.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,1/20/2011,2053,795,17,12,13>Only area in SJ that I enjoy being seen at. Yes, I'm high maintenance even though I bargain shop, but I can pretend I'm just as fancy as the housewives of the Silicon Valley that shop here all day everyday. ;-)I really enjoy walking around SRow. Lots of high-end stores and boutiques. Great selection of restaurants. Decent bars/lounges. You would think with a huge parking garage plus street parking PLUS other parking lots surrounding the place you could easily find parking. WRONG! If you are coming here on a busy weeknight or the weekend, you definitely need to come a bit earlier in the day to find parking which is the only reason why I'm docking a star.Definitely still a great shopping center, and the look of SRow is very posh. You won't find much ghetto-fabness here. Except when I show up, cuz I am oh-so-ghetto-fabulous! :-)
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,1/19/2011,545,312,9,19,13>This review has been long coming.  As in, over a year and half!  But it's worth the wait since Manuel has become my favorite tailor of all time in these eighteen months and has absolutely earned this 5 star review!Over this period of time, I've had several pairs of jeans including several selvedge denim pairs that require the greatest care and attention.  Once finished with original hems, there is almost no physical way to tell that these jeans had been altered at all.  The meticulousness and attention to detail is incredible.Slowly, I started taking more expensive clothes to him for alteration as he gained my trust - suits, blazers, dress shirts, top coats and finally, my pride and joy Zegna tux - had to admit it was like letting a child go (though I wouldn't really know how THAT feels) when I left that tux at the store - when I picked it up, it finally felt the way a finely tailored garment should feel - and I was ecstatic!The store is located right on Steven's Creek Blvd and there is usually parking on the curb right outside.  When you enter, the store smells slightly musty but that's because of all the clothes in there, some of which are actually quite old.  Racks upon racks of tailored suits, shirts, sportcoats and other men's clothes adorn the interior and there are several fine ties and other accessories as well.  Two dressing rooms for you to change into the article of clothing that you need altered... and then the master measures you up.  Manuel is a sweet little old man that's so soft spoken and pleasant that you sometimes have to strain to hear him.  Also, he will not let you take your item back if you're not fully satisfied - one hint of anything less than joy on your face and he will insist on re-measuring and will make more changes at no extra charge.  I'm very impressed by this commitment to excellence and this level of integrity in today's age.Very reasonable... some might think some of the suit jacket alterations are pricey but consider for a moment what hand tailored garments cost... adjusting the length of a suit jacket with surgeon cuffs is not as easy as adjusting the sleeves on a mass produced jacket with non-functional cuffs and sewn on buttons.  So, for the discriminating dresser, this place is a boon since it can give a new life to several articles of fine clothing that might otherwise have met an early demise at the Thrift Store.~ 5 stars overall - I like Manuel's - it pleases the sartorialist in me.  And I appreciate honesty and integrity and pleasant service.# 169
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,1/18/2011,339,173,21,31,26>After hearing about a new Cantonese restaurant in Santa Clara, I ventured out here with Ramen Boy and Will last night to try Papa Restaurant (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b). This place similar to the restaurants you find in San Francisco. Same typical service except with one big difference, the restaurant is so clean! It could be because this spot is still fairly new. Between the three of us we ordered:-Beef Fillet with Black Pepper Sauce (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Clay Pot Rice with Pork Sparerib in Black Bean Sauce (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Delicacy Barbeque Platter (BBQ Duck & Pork) (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Chow Fun with Beef & Soy Sauce (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Hong Kong Style Egg Puff (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)My favorite dish of the night was the BBQ Duck & Pork Platter. The skin of the duck was crispy yet the meat was extremely tender and quite juicy. Not as fatty compared to other restaurants.The Beef fillet with black pepper sauce was also another delicious dish. The beef and onion blended together in perfect harmony. The black pepper sauce gives the beef and green onion a nice kick.Clay Pot Rice had potential, but it just didn't turn out how I'd hope. They offer around 15 different clay pot combinations to choose from. The more I ate, the more I begun to like it but I don't think the meat and sauce did justice. I did however enjoy the crunchy texture of the crispy rice on the bottom walls of the pot, YUM!Beef Chow Fun with Soy Sauce was a huge disappointment. It lacked any true flavor and was a bit dry. I'm a big fan of Chow Fun, but this one just didn't do it for me.Hong Kong style egg puff is like a sugar coated doughnut with an egg custard in the middle. Quite a delicious dessert, especially if you have a sweet tooth.Note: This place accepts cash only, no credit cards!Summary (3.75): A great spot to satisfy any Cantonese food craving. The prices are reasonable and the food is good. On my next visit I want to try the Roasted Peking Duck wrapped with steam bun. x_X
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,1/17/2011,198,447,13,19,15>Since Sunday was SUPER hot and to cool off my husband bought us shaved ice from Mahalo-halo. I've had the Korean shaved ice deserts but never the Hawaiian shaved ice. My first time and I am a fan! My hubby ordered a - pineapple/bubblegum/coconut for the twins- honeydew melon/orange cream/vanilla for Shaun- The 808 w/ mochi for me- The 808 for himselfEverything tasted yummy and cooled us off. Service was friendly. They asked if we wanted condensed milk but we declined. Will definitely be back esp since they'll give you free scoop of vanilla for mentioning Yelp :)
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,1/16/2011,164,144,8,18,11>Tobang is more of a 4.5 because of the great service. Four of us ordered Combination #4 which included various slices of raw meat, "steamed egg", soup, and one large beer. In addition to the kim chi, they also gave us two complimentary appetizers (a mini pancake dish & a spicy rice cake dish) :D The grill for the meat is on the table where the waitress would come and help us cook/ cut the meat. They brought everyone their own set of four sauces for the meat; all were needed :) At the end of the meal, the waitress offered fried rice for the group. She prepared the fried rice on our grill by placing rice, kim chi, red sauce, and some of our remaining meat in tin foil ( I thought this was a good way to salvage the leftovers on the table).The total came out to about $25 a person (For combination #4 and an extra bottle of OB). I think the price was very reasonable for all the food and catering that was involved :3
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,1/15/2011,378,778,12,13,15>I was lucky enough to join Flor's UYE and help out last Saturday at Sacred Heart. I drive past this place all the time since it's near my home but I never realized what was there until now. Is it wrong of me to feel good for helping out underprivileged people in my area? I instantly got a high that day doing so many amazing projects for them knowing that what I was doing was making a difference. They originally had our Yelp group help bag groceries but quickly I was asked to help out in their office which was okay by me. I wrote doing voice mails they had received the past 2 days and took down messages so that they could call these folks back quickly. Talk about HEARTBREAKING! Just listening to these people on the phone explain their situation of not being able to pay their rent or pay a $40 phone bill got me choked up. Living here you don't realize how many people have it really bad. I also helped out filing in their housing department and did a little organization for them. My time there was limited and only a few hours but I felt like I made a difference being there even if it was just for a little while. I HIGHLY recommend this place for anyone who wants to volunteer or needs a place to volunteer for credits for school. The people that work there are angels from heaven I swear! What they do everyday for the community is simply amazing!! They are very well organized and ready for large groups to help them out on weekends, so please give them a call to set up a time to volunteer. I couldn't think of a better way to ring in the New Year!
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,10/21/2013,351,127,8,12,10>A great, albeit random, find...who woulda thought there'll be a winery in an industrial/office space in San Jose?!?!?!  Sis saw the Wine Appreciation Class on Travelzoo and took the whole family for some wine edu-ma-cation.  Kyle and Shala Loudon are warm and friendly, they definitely know their wines (and cheeses!)  We started the class with a Viogner, moved on to some Pinots, and ended with a Syrah.  The grapes are bought from the Russian River to Saint Lucia Heights but the wine is made on site!  Talk about urban wine.  The class happened to have landed on one of their monthly free tasting days so the room filled up quickly after the class, I was surprised at how many people knew about the monthly free tasting.  Overall...a great experience to learn about wine.  Great way to support the local community!
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/20/2013,361,127,6,8,5>I have been trying an inordinate number of pho places in the last 6 months and this is by far my favorite to date in the Bay Area.Pho 90 Degree is located in the front of the half vacant shopping plaza directly adjacent to the Grand Century Shopping Mall on Story Rd. The interior and decor is modern and tasteful although I'm not sure what  to make of  the floor to ceiling mural on the far end wall. I'd rather see a few large panel flat screen TVs showing Sportscenter but hey that's just me being a typical guy.They take your order via tablet computer and the vegetables they bring you to complement your soup are more than the typical basil, cilantro, bean sprouts, and jalapenos, although I haven't figured out exactly what they are yet.I have had the oxtail soup and the typical flank,tripe soup and my taste buds were bathed in warm soupy broth heaven. They use white platters to hold your white bowl and the all the staff have been professional and dressed in all black lending an uniformity that exudes deliberate class unlike the majority of Pho joints.
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/19/2013,211,209,6,11,6>Yay! Finally, I can review straight from myPhone!! I had Konjoe burger a couple days ago after reading great reviews. I had the Konjoe burger and it was delicious! The meat was cooked medium rare and was dripping yummy juices from the burger. I loveeeee jalepenos so that was a nice touch. The egg wasnt too runny so it added texture. It's probably one of the best burgers I've had. I wanted to try the guava lemonade but they didn't have it at that time so I opted for the strawberry which was pretty good. My friends had the pork belly and kalbi burger and they thought their burgers were great as well. The fries were sliced thin and well seasoned as well.Can't wait to be back.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,10/18/2013,59,38,6,7,6>This one is short and simple... DELICIOUS!!! I bought 12 mochi to go. The flavors I chose were lychee, honeydew, watermelon, pistachio, chocolate coconut, chocolate peanut butter and strawberry. I got home and opened the container and they vanished in 1.2 seconds!!!! Kids loved them and I loved them too. I manged to get a taste of each flavor after wrestling the kids down for the taste... JK but yes i managed! We will definitely be back for more! There are more flavors and items that we need to try. I also want to try the chili cheese frito hot dog and cream cheese and chili dog. So stay tuned for another review!
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,10/17/2013,948,916,9,15,11>I just realized I haven't written a review for this place yet. Being Filipino myself, you'll rarely see me actually at a Filipino restaurant paying for food that I can have for free at my mama's. But sometimes, even Mom wants someone else to cook a spread of food and not have to worry about the dishes! So we come here. LolMy most recent visit was last weekend for my sister's birthday dinner. We got there around 8 (they close at 9pm, mind you) so there was a slight annoyance in the beginning as we were waiting to be seated and no one came to check on us for about 10 minutes. We could see a couple tables that were free and large enough to accommodate us. There was a couple ahead of us who were waiting for who knows how long before we got there and they hadn't been checked on either. We sent my mama to go light a fire under their feet and let them know we had been waiting for a while now. Their reply was, "Oh- we thought you weren't all here yet." Exactly how did they come to this assumption if they didn't even bother checking on us? And on top of that, a group who came AFTER us somehow got seated before us. We made sure to let the worker know of his mistake right away. They need to have more organization and be fair to the customers in line. Anyway. We ordered all our food soon after we sat down (we had so much time perusing the menu in the waiting area). The food came out in an acceptable amount of time, and all came at once which was a good job on the restaurants part cuz we were HONGRY! Rawrrr! We ordered:* two orders of dinuguan* two orders of mixed adobo* two orders of lumpiang shanghai* a whole fried chicken* one order of pork sisig Everything was on point and tasted right, but the chicken was a bit overcooked, which was disappointing because I've had some juicy "broasted" filipino chicken elsewhere and I was hoping it would be the same. Ah well. On other visits, I've tried their pancit canton, kare-kare, and crispy pata. Didn't really care for any of those dishes (personal preference) but I know others who liked them. Other than that, I haven't tried any of the other items on the menu. Maybe one day we'll branch out but we definitely have our faves!
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,10/16/2013,322,342,11,14,12>Phenomenal catering service! I was looking for a sandwich place to serve about 50 people and this place did a great job. The owners helped me decide what would be a good amount for the group and were helpful in every way they could be.We ordered some basic sandwiches though I hear their sausages are delicious. We ordered a ham, turkey, roast beef, vegetarian, and they all were delicious. Everyone was very pleased! Came with a choice of white, wheat, or sourdough. It was too bad we couldn't have hot sandwiches because they would be sitting out for a while but I would love to try their hot sandwiches and sausages!!
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,10/15/2013,441,158,6,8,5>I am going to be honest, at first I was completely skeptical about the place. My roommates would go here all the time and they would rave about it, but I've been so many milk tea places and seriously what else can they do with milk tea?I was wrong. This place was great! I usually get a coffee or caramel flavored milk tea, but my friends and I went at about 10:30 pm and that was too late in the night to drink coffee. So I asked the cashier what his favorite was and he recommended the creme brulee. It was so yummy! It was not too sweet, it kinda tasted like the leftover milk after a bowl of cinnamon toast crunch cereal. Needless to say, it was delicious.The place itself is so adorable and quaint. I love the decor, especially the black chalk boards and the color writing. The large display case holds someone the yummiest pastries. I am surprised I didn't eat all of them. The only problem I have with the place is that it is located all the way in the back of a random plaza. The plaza is almost completely empty and I would have never known about Sweet Corner unless my friend had taken me.
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,10/14/2013,509,474,9,14,10>Chacho's has been around since `94, but I just recently went here with my sister and my cousin to celebrate my sister's promotion and check out their happy hour offerings! Chacho's has their daily happy hour between 3PM - 7PM! They specialize in Mexican grub and they are known for their signature "hennchattas" (hennessey & horchattas). *MUST TRY*---------------FOOD & DRINKS:- Ceviche - We decided to get this as our appetizer! We loved it, especially since we've never had tilapia ceviche before!- Hawallano taco - Each of us ordered our own food on the side and I went with their Hawallano taco after reading good reviews about it. Imagine a Hawaiian pizza in a mini taco form and that's pretty much it! Loved the amount of pineapples they put and it went well with the salsa!- Hennchattas - First sip had me craving for more! I've never thought of mixing these two drinks together before. Great signature drink Chacho's, this is enough reason for me to come back in the future!- No panties - This drink is SUPER strong.... (bad idea after already having their hennchatta..LOL) From what I remember it had rum, grenadine, tequilla, vodka, and a coronita flipped upside down on the drink (I probably missed one or two mixes in that too....) ---------------The service here is great... Our server checked up on us several times knowing we were all first timers. We asked him for their "drinks menu", but he told us they didn't have one so he had to repeat their special drinks to us each time. Overall, we liked Chacho's atmosphere and the casual surrounding! The framed pictures/decor in the restaurant was a mix of traditional Mexican with a street/modern twist to it! Pretty cool! I'll be back here for sure!
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/13/2013,133,42,6,15,11>Me and the Hunny had a night out with out the kids this past Friday. I wish i was able to take some pictures like i normally do but the food was so delicious I ate it before realizing it! We arrived around 6pm and was seated immediately. Since it was a beautiful night we requested a seat outside in the patio area where there was an abundant amount of staff to attended to us and a beautiful water fountain in the background. They had a great selection of wine and beers. And we had just arrived before Happy hour ended at 6:30pm. I ordered the Fettuccine Cacciucco with gluten free pasta which the scallops were seared perfectly, crab meat was sweet and the prawns were seasoned perfectly.  The Hunny ordered Grilled Swordfish Steak over mashed potato and veggies on the side. Luckily the Hunny was kind enough to share and let me just way this Swordfish was thick and juicy as it was described and just melted like butter as you bit into it! And was seasoned just right! Our waiter was delightful, he wasn't still and was joking around with us. Explained any questions we had and was very available. He was very observant and came at the right times without interrupting our conversations to refill our waters. ask if we'd like additional drinks, clear our plates etc.Our experience here was great! And love the location!! We will def be returning!
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,10/12/2013,189,96,6,15,12>The gentlemen of Lightning Press are artists.  Craftsmen.  Saviors.  Saints.Lofty praise for a print shop say you?I say, no words are loquacious enough.My print job was unusual.  And small.  I'd already been turned away from one highly rated shop which advised a big box print shop such as FedEx would be able to help me.  After FedEx refused to even make color copies of my material, I went to Postal Annex.   While they made the copies, the printouts were less than stellar quality.   I was in tears by the time I got home.  Luckily, I did one more search before I gave up and accepted my material would fall victim to a home hack job.  Lightning Press was my last hope.  Now I know they should have been my first and only stop.When I arrived at the shop, Ken and Keith listened patiently as I described what I needed.  At first, they weren't sure they could help me.  But, I was open to whatever they needed to do with the material to make it work.  I just needed good quality color and pages that were in some sort of booklet or pamphlet format.  They spent a lot of time with me and never once made me feel like my job was too small.  After asking for my preferences on paper, etc., Keith made a few suggestions and I let him know I trusted his expertise 100%.  When I came to pick up the final product, it was exactly what I'd hoped for,  Keith's suggestions had been spot on and the booklets looked amazing.In the trendy glow of farm-to-table cafes and hipster-leaning shops brimming with locally spun soy wool and foraged herbal tea blends, it's easy to forget the original locally owned and operated businesses.  Shoe repair, seamstresses, tailors, hardware stores, auto shops, print shops - they may not be hogging the spotlight on social media, but in a world that is increasingly defined by race-to-the-bottom price wars, one day you'll find that the honesty, integrity, craftsmanship and knowledge of a local shop is far more desirable than a $5 coupon that translates to a $30 loss of quality.Lightning Press was a beautiful reminder of those craftspeople whose artistry would be sorely missed in a world overrun by big box stores.  Their prices, customer service and product quality are top notch.   Or in Yelp language....as good as it gets!
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,10/22/2009,1806,1048,11,14,16>Driving down McKee Road.. passing all the plazas into small neighborhood.. my co-workers and I didn't know what we were up for since I randomly yelped it that lunch day.  We were tired of the Lee's and massive Fast food chains around the area.All i can say is wow!  This place is totally charming and cute.. it looks like a grocery store at first ( i mean it somewhat is a deli ) but there are picnic tables outside and places to eat inside also!  Different sections are catered for customers.. To your right, is the sandwiches and pasta ordering station.. straight in front of you is where you pay... Fresh meat and fish are all along the deli to your left.  Many snacks and products are available from what I saw.. Authentic Italian looking place!  Many workers.. they are all very friendly!Portions: can last you for 2 meals.. literally.Price: a bit on the pricier side for sandwiches.. but it is BIG and fresh!Service: Quick I tried the fish sandwich for $9.. the fish was fresh, right off of the pan! with my choices of lettuce and half tartar/half mayo.. the bread they make it out of is delicious and fluffy.. fresh bread for sandwiches.  The Tri Tip sandwich.. OH EM GEE!  I love steak.. i would marry steak if i could.. they cooked it medium rare.. it was so tender and fattening and juicy.. but i loved it.. I definitely prefer this one over the fish sandwich.. almost $10.Meatball sandwich.. oh boyy.. they literally packed on 10 meatballs the size of a tennis ball onto that sandwich.. my coworker was getting scared.. very generous portions!  meatballs were delicious and i usually am not a marinara fan! Total : $30  Pricey aye?!?! but delicious!
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,10/21/2009,1240,589,25,24,16>After the remodel this place feels alot more welcoming! They've got white silk drapes on the ceiling and the poles actually reach all the way to the top (plus for the knowledgable acrobat! Haha) The girls here are CORRECT in the face, and really clean looking. I love it! The best bunch of beautiful females I have ever seen... on a Monday afternoon even! I went here for lunch with a few man friends and they had a blast! What's a lunch with great chicken, ribs and whoo haaa! (Gotta say that like a cow boy folks.. Whoo haaa!) Of course, I wanted to sit at one of the tables and watch from a far ... I've got my own whoo haa to look at lol! I definitely enjoyed the company around me. Great suggestion to have lunch for a change in scenery =)
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,10/20/2009,959,111,12,15,13>This place brings "Finger-lickin' Good" to a WHOLE new level!! I found myself licking my entire PALMS! (Yes, yes... Classy) but whatever. You gotta get down and dirty - eating here is an experience in itself.Why am I raving about this place, you ask? Well, for once, I don't have to drive my ass all the way to San Francisco to get some good seafood/shellfish!  It's in SAN JOSE of all places! Even walking inside and observing the decor, I felt like I was in a different city - close to a bay or ocean. The decor reminds me of being inside of Joe's Crab Shack or an underdone BubbaGump. Great place for sports fanatics as they have dozens of flatscreens playing all the games. Another note, I coulda sworn there was a DJ up in this place because they were playin lots of hiphop joints, which i thought was pretty cool.We went on a Friday night and boy, was it packed. They told us the wait would be about 45 minutes, but it was well worth the wait. (They actually sat us within 15-20 min as it was only 2 of us; Bigger groups may have to wait a little longer.)Recommendation:*** The "Shebang Seasoning" = HEAVEN! It's a combination of their Rajun Cajun spices, Lemon Pepper, and Garlic Butter. (You can also get yours seasoned by only one of these, but altogether, the taste is so flavorful!)*** Sweet Potato Fries. MMmmM. Nice crispy outside and soft texture on the inside. Great with ketchup.We ordered a few pounds of the Crawfish and King Crab Legs. It's a task trying to open up the shells but the hard work really pays off. I must say, the king crab legs were as thick as my arms! lol. The meat just slid right out of the shell and melts in your mouth. Mmmm.I already told my boyfriend I want to eat here on our Anniversary next week! lol. I'm just so glad it's here in San Jose and we don't have to drive to the City.. YAY!
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,10/19/2009,854,542,24,26,25>The rich, blood-orange-hued walls, obscurely minimalists furniture, and cultural antiquities/iconography make this store fashionably stand apart from anything else in the [not-so] Great Mall...On the few occasions I've come here seeking a subtler caffeination than I would normally procure from S'bux ("tall double breve americano w/two pumps cinnamon dolce syrup, please? no room..."), I been pleasantly surprised by getting tea done properly...... you see? S'bux, Peet's, and Seattle's Best [arguably] make good coffee.  It's their business.  Its how they've raked in $billions, redefining "cash crop".  Its what they do......BUT coffee is ideally brewed with water between 195-205°F.That's hot enough to burn and ruin the delicate tastes of green and white teas, as well as diminish their antioxidant benefits... Curious to see if this place actually had more going on than a chic decor and a niche market... I browsed the menu and ordered... [kudayta.com/?page_id=6]As I watched, my Pomegranate White Tea was steeped in thermometer-metered hot water (ideally around 180°F) for an eternity (4-6 minutes).  This seems like a long time, but once I received my drink, the tea's subtle flavors were fully realized...Ku Day Ta does tea right... they do it pricey... and would be a better fit for a nicer mall... but they do tea right.__________________________... what?  I LOOK rough around the edges, but The Mikey has SOME culture and class... and a little OCD... and too much google'it time...
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2009,10/18/2009,1019,787,9,15,11>I'm so so so impressed by HOW FAST is this place fixed my laptop. I have a bad history with laptops so having them breakdown on me is not something new. The one thing I dread the most is going through the long waiting period of having it shipped in, wait for it, have them tell me what's wrong blah blah blah you get the deal.I dropped it off on a Thursday for diagnostics. They called me within an hour to let me know they worked on it and knew what the problem was. Wow, I figured everyone would lag for a few days. I decided to go ahead and pay a little extra to have them fix my problem since they said they could fix it in a day. Although my laptop was still under warranty, I didn't feel like going through the hassle of shipping in my laptop and waiting over a week to get it back. (Btw, my hard drive was defective so I needed to have that replaced). True to their word, they finished within a day and by Friday evening, I had my laptop back and in working condition. They even transferred all my files over to my new hard drive and installed a new anti-virus program free of charge (of course I paid for the anti-virus program). As far as service goes, everyone at the cashier and everyone I spoke to on the phone were all super friendly. Tidor (?) the guy who actually fixed my computer, went above and beyond to make sure I knew exactly what was going on at all times with my laptop. He made my entire week hahaMy ONLY problem with this store is talking to the repair department in person. Maybe they are busy but they didn't seem as friendly as they were on the phone. They were very straight-to-the-point, as if to get me out of their face. I don't know but I was so impressed getting my laptop back in less than 24 hours that I would definitely come here again if (and when) my laptop dies again.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,10/17/2009,386,452,10,15,13>This is the second Bill's I've tried and I can honestly say they are consistent. I ordered the same dish, the yummy jalisco scramble and it was every bit as delicious as I remembered. Also, this time I got to try the parisian french toast, spread the butter and douse it in a healthy serving of maple syrup and you have a damn good treat.Service was awesome, I never had to ask them to re-fill my coffee once, our service was so on top of it. Overall yummy goodness and looking forward to expanding my horizons and checking out some other stuff on the Bill's menu next time I'm there.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2009,10/16/2009,218,247,13,13,13>this was my first time at a vietnamese coffee shop and well, i certainly wasn't expecting this! but you know, for what it is, it's not bad. a place to hang out and smoke and have (non-alcoholic) drinks. they don't have a written menu, but from what the waitress told us, you can just pretty much order whatever you want to drink and said the grass jelly was probably the most popular thing they served--so i got it. also a first for me. at first i found it very peculiar (not in a good way) but by the end i was a pro at fishing out the jelly and using the straw to flick off the cubes of ice from the spoon. it reminded me of those choking-hazard jelly things that you can get (used to be able to get?) at the chinese supermarkets, except brown in color. anyways, it was quite a tasty drink!there are old-skool arcade games against the walls and some all-purpose gaming stations (i dont know what to call them) where you can play erotic trivia (coprophilia means you like poopie!) and spot the differences between two pictures of horribly mannish women (and i mean *horribly*). be warned that the machine on the right closest to the door eats quarters!granted, the skimpily-clad wait staff did nothing for me (it'd be a different story if they were men, but i'm just sayin') so that's certainly not a draw for me. otoh, the smoke level in here was amazingly high. either that or i've been so used to everywhere being non-smoking that i'm just wussed now or something. *shudder* it wouldn't hurt if they turned up the ventilation! if it weren't for the smoke (which i guess is a draw for many of its patrons), it'd be a definite four star.
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,10/15/2009,292,189,11,14,14>Waiting for my car's smog check, I decided to walk around the area for some lunch. I was craving a taco so stopped into here for a quick fix. An unsuspecting food stand located inside a market static.px.yelp.com/bphot, the food was fast, cheap, and tasty. There was a salsa bar on the side too with fresh pico de gallo and the green salsa was my favorite. Order at the bar and bring the receipt to the front register to pay.Pastor Burrito - The pork was marinated well and had a nice charred grill on it. Should have added guac and sour cream because it was far too much beans and rice. But good price for $3.99static.px.yelp.com/bphotLengua Taco - At only $1.25, it was GOOD. Give me the tongue!static.px.yelp.com/bphotWhere else can you get a scrumptious taco and dishwashing liquid in the same place?!
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2009,10/14/2009,564,356,23,22,22>Every bad deed shall not go unpunished.... An apology to my stomach... For the Burger Bash last night, I got there early with my girl Jewels and Chrys and gossiped while drinking away and munching on some garlic fries, my eyes lingering over their burgers. My plan was to wait until my friend got there and then gorge myself when he arrived (plus I'm stingy - I don't want to pay for myself!)... but I kept drooling over the burgers everyone had been bringing out one by one... So I tried to keep myself from lunging at their food by gabbing away to other Yelpers... FINALLY L shows up and we order - Blue Bacon Burger for him and I ordered the Cheddar Bacon Fries (I know, I see jealously in your eyes reading this). Our order comes out and the fries are bigger than ME! Well, I'm a skinny brat so that makes sense so then it was bigger than... 2 of me! I ended up splitting my fries between Mercy, L, Jennifer and I and we still had some left over - Man... My taste buds were so happy - I took a few bites out of L's burger and thought it was absolutely delicious but I was in starch mode...So all in all, I had the best fried food of my life, best heart clogging burger to try and I woke up this morning in severe pain... As much as I love fried food, it does not love me back (I'm sad about this). I still love you St. John even if you don't!
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2009,10/13/2009,878,405,16,22,25>Since my parents love steakhouses, we decided to take them here for their wedding anniversary....and I'm glad we did.  Upon entering, my parents were impressed with the dim, "romantic" setting.  I was just excited that our choice of restaurant was appropriate for the occasion and different than usual.I've had high expectations of the food here and FMS delivered.  The bread was not warm....they were hot!Calamari had a nice crunch, but pretty average.   Their soup of the day, potato & leek bisque, was to die for!  All cuts of beef we ordered were cooked to perfection (at specs).  Filet Mignon was very tender and lean for a thick cut, and the taste was extraordinary. Their blackened rib-eye was succulent and more on the fatty side....just the way I like it!  I think I could have just about anything with the cabernet demi-glace sauce in this entrée.  We also enjoyed the gingery and sweet flavor of their braised short ribs.The warm apple crisp with vanilla gelato came with our dinner.  It was just okay, nothing special.Service at first was friendly and quick, and then it became a little slow towards the end of our dinner.  Overall, my parents loved the atmosphere and were pleased with the food; we had a great time...and that's the bottom line!
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,12/25/2011,241,320,5,6,4>I will start this review by saying I ate here two days in a row...now that may not seem like much to you, but anybody who knows me knows that that just doesn't happen. I rarely eat food from the same country two days in a row, let alone the same exact meal from the same exact restaurant.For the record, my five is based on two specific things: the stomboli and the sauce.For the uninitiated, a stomboli is basically a rolled up pizza or a calzone. The one that they have here, and yes, they only have one kind, comes with ham, Italian sausage, salami, mustard, and American and mozzarella cheeses and is topped with butter, oregano, black pepper their tomato sauce. Initial response: "mustard?? wth? really?" trust...it's good. It's really not necessary, but it adds a special kick to theirs that makes it unique. All in all, this thing is kick-ass good.One interesting thing to note is that based on two entirely different groups of people that i ate strombolis with on those two consecutive days, a total of 7 people out of 8 agreed that the end pieces, which have more dough than any other piece, were far and away the best pieces of the stomboli. I'm not sure what that's about, 7/8 people says something to me.And then there's the sauce. Oh the sauce. This stuff is red gold! it is amongst the best tomato sauces that i have come across in many, many years. The strange thing is that IMO the best sauces out there seem to come from holes in the wall, and this only reinforces that notion in my mind. Fortunately they sell their sauce here in containers, and it is so good that i'm actually considering purchasing some the next time that i make pasta. haha.It was just recently that i was having a conversation with my mom that i didn't know of any non-chain Italian place that were reasonably priced and really really good (if you know of one, please PM me!!). Thank God for my buddy Jason turning me onto this place. He came down to SJ all the way from Nevada city for his 30th birthday, and of all of the places to eat, he wanted to come here. At first, i couldn't understand why, but now i know. Now, i get it.:)I must admit, i am throwing all other factors that I usually use as a basis for my reviews out the window on this one, but based on just the two things that i have noted, I have to absolutely, positively go with 5 stars.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,12/24/2011,1806,1048,9,15,9>Went to check the highly praised Gyu-Kaku during their soft opening.  I do have high hopes that their staff and organization will indeed improve by the time of their grand opening with all the surveys they hand out to each table this week!  The only thing they lack is better execution with the timing of the food!  You guys can do it!  All staff members looked stressed and panicked at some point!My one lack of star would basically go for the....1. crispy calamari appetizer- it came out after our entrees and it came out cold...so no longer crispy it was...2. some of our dishes had bad timing but I am greatful for the sincere waiter we had that knew they were trying to work out the kinks still.3. their failed attempt to explain to us what to do with the veggie sides because we thought it came out cold and voila!4. the dirty tongs that were at our table and given to us by our host....In general, the food was great and very flavorful!  It was my first time at a Yakiniku restaurant so it was wonderful to sit in such new venue and cleanliness.  I have to admit, we got lazy cooking at one time but we kept on going! haha for those SUPER lazy people, this may not be the place for you to wait around for your food to cook.  You actually don't come out smelling that much compared to other bbq spots, thats what makes this place special.  OpenTable is available starting next monday!Our favorites for the night:1. Garlic Shrimp- so tasty!!! I just told everyone I was getting tired of eating shrimp until tonight!2. Garlic Noodles with beef- hot and satisfying3. Spicy Tuna Volcano Rice cakes- appetizers... reminds me of LA!4. Harami with miso marinade- good amount of meat that is so tender in your mouth5. Bone in Kalbi- good amount with some juicy fat on it.. just how I like it!6. Broccoli with cheese- so delicious and savory!! yes it may sound simple but it was awesome!7. Sweet potatoes- perfect with the salt and pepper seasoning infused onto the grillLeast favorite:1. Salmon with butter- didn't taste right.. too little.. a bit bland..I love how I live so close to such plaza because now all of my favorites are right at the same spot!  Verde, One Pot, and now Gyu-Kaku!! :)
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,12/23/2011,116,235,6,8,7>This place is amazing!!! Mini shops inside a supermarket and buffet style kimchi/korean bbq = DREAM COME TRUE!! The have a mini deli that serves a bunch of food, a Hello Kitty-like store, a bakery, and a lot of free samples!! My kind of market. Some of the things (like the candies) are extremely overpriced. But some of the items (like frozen goods) are extremely affordable. When I stepped into the snacks aisle it took everything in me to not buy everything. My favorite part of the store is the self serve sides and meats. It is AMAZING!! It makes doing your own Korean BBQ at home so easy! Just come here and buy the meat of your choice, some sides, and all done!! Will definitely be back for more Korean goodies
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,12/22/2011,508,419,5,9,5>This 5 star review is for their ravioli.Cute little quaint place in the heart of Downtown Willow Glen with courteous and efficient service. Although everyone raves about the sandwiches here, I wasn't too impressed by the prosciutto that I got the first time I came here. I split that as well as a pint of ravioli with my friend. The sandwich was average but the ravioli was definitely the best I've ever had. The second time I came here, I decided to try out the lobster ravioli. It was in a box in the fridge (available to purchase to bring home) but when I inquired about it, they cooked up a box from the fridge for me. THAT turned out to be the best ravioli I had ever had.I definitely still want to give their sandwiches a try and maybe I'll try the Chris' Combo sandwich sometime.
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,12/21/2011,1114,1200,8,13,10>Pho Y# stood out as one of the better pho shops in South Bay. The restaurant looks more like a sweatshop at first glance - bright fluorescent lights, high ceiling, neatly packed tables filled with people diligently working on their noodle. Even the menu includes a flowchart explaining how pho is prepared and consumed. How very silicon valley.If you can get over the slightly intimidating ambiance, you will be rewarded with an excellent bowl of pho prepared with the perfect precision. Ingredients are fresh, meats are tender, noodles are chewy, the broth is fragrant with a sweet undertone. And unlike many other places, their broth is not oily or salty at all. This is a bowl of pho that will not leave any unpleasant aftertaste or make you thirsty. Cash only.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2011,12/20/2011,80,157,5,4,4>Breakfast. Good at anytime of the day!CLEANLINESS: 3/5SERVICE: 4/5FOOD: 4/5+ Crab Cakes Benedict+ Parisienne French Toast+ Mimosa+ Fresh Squeezed Orange JuiceI came here for lunch with a friend and shared the dishes listed above. The crab cakes benedict was by far my favorite. I've never had a benedict before, and I have to say it was pretty good. Not too salty or anything. The Parisienne French Toast was alright. It's supposedly a croissant, but completely flat. It wasn't anything to rage about for me. We also ordered a mimosa which was pretty good. It wasn't too strong, and it had a tangy kick to it. We also had a freshly squeezed orange juice, which was pretty good. I'm a big fan of orange juice, so this was also a favorite of mine.We sat outside of the cafe, and it wasn't too bad. The table wasn't as clean as it could be. It had syrup residue on the table from past customers. It was also a nice day, so it was nice to sit outside.Parking is tough at the cafe due to limited spots, but there's plenty of parking on the main street.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,12/19/2011,2,247,7,13,8>It's a daunting task looking at a vegetarian menu while I'm starving. I'm so used to having 3-4 options on a menu, but in a place like this every option is for me and my veg people! The menu was impressive and culturally diverse in choices. Enough to definitely appease probably any craving. Veg burgers, "fish", "chicken", pho, Mexican, etc.  Well, I finally settled my adult ADHD and had the combo pho, my lil guy had the veg burger, and I had an order of "chicken" wings.   The pho was great, the veg burger was good, and the chicken wings were the closest thing I've ever tried to the real thing(which happens to be the one food I miss the most since going veg all those years ago).The setting is in a lil strip mall so it easily gets visually passed over between a sushi place, subway, etc. But don't pass it over! If you're a vegetarian, vegan, conscious eater, try it! The ambiance is casual, great lunch or dinner spot. Not the kind of place for a candlelight dinner, but not hole in the wall either. Just a chill unassuming local owned respectable spot where you could easily make a reappearance and the very nice owner would greet you with a witty remark and smile.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,12/18/2011,250,720,7,7,7>Sometimes you just stumble upon a gem by literally tripping on a piece of construction equipment. San Pedro Square Market used to include bakeries and shops, but the square is now currently being renovated, including a portion that now includes this Naples-style pizzeria. So why bother going to Napoli, when you can have fine thin-crust pizza right here in San Jose? The economy is bad, so save your hard-earned dineros and have a Marinara, a Margherita (I tried this soft delicious pizza of tomatoes, mozzarella, basil, parmiginna..my Italian neighbor's phrase "mangia, mangia" was echoing in my cranium while chowing down), Mozzarella di bufala...the list goes on and on...but just come down, read the menu and mangia rather than sit here reading my long winded recitation. The killer difference about this place? The oven. No, the thin crust. No, the juiciness. No, the San Marzano style tomatoes. No, the fresh mozzarella. No, all of the above. No, it's the location. Let's start with the oven. This round domed brick oven was actually shipped and recently arrived from, guess where? Napoli. It is wood-fired (they were using almond wood that night) at 900F. You know what that means? You get your pizza in 60 to 90 seconds. OK, if you start adding salame, prosciutto crudo, salsiccia, olive, arugalo, funghi, carciofi, cipolle, bell peppers...circular saws, electric drill...sorry, those were the construction tools I tripped on in this renovation area...it might take 92 seconds. But you get your pizza out fast!!...and still juicy!! Now the owner might seem like he was originally from Holland, but he was actually born in Napoli...which would make him Hollantalian (uhm, sounds like a good pizza name). What's important is he was trained for this stuff in Napoli. Dutch grog + Napoli pizza would not be bad. It was kind of a trial night for this pizzeria when I tripped on a work bench while walking in this semi-construction zone. They had callezone, cheese pizza, ham-cheeze pizza, cappuccino (they will also serve beer and wine) all on the table for me to woof down like a wolf... ...talking about wolves. Do you what "bocca lupo" means? It means "in the wolves mouth"...OK, Mr.-it-doesn't-make-sense-to-me-English-major. It actually means "good luck" in Italian idiom. Alright, like "break a leg" will make a lot of sense to an Italian? Non voglio essere mangiato dai lupi, in modo da rinvierò qui. The owner says that they are open Thursday-Sundays and Sharks' Nights (go Sharks) until they are in full thin-crust-pizza-production-liquor-mode end of October!! Mangia!!
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,12/17/2011,132,237,5,5,5>i used to come here often. i usually get the vege combo and one meat entre. it was always made to order so, it would take a little longer than usual. well worth the wait. every time i go, the owner is there and serving. he is always nice, even holding the door open for me even though it wasn't necessary. i don't go here much of late simply because i have an ethiopian restaurant around the corner from me. but, they are closed on mondays so, gojo will be my goto place when i have that ethiopian craving.
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,12/15/2011,282,253,7,11,8>Ahhh ... my face is a mess. Traveling like a madwoman has taken its toll on my skin. I look to my fellow Yelpers for a Skin Care Specialist in the area, so I find Heaven on Earth in Mountain View. I figure I can book an appointment during my work week. I call and leave a message ~ and about an hour later Jolyn calls me back; "Which location would you like to visit?" There's more than one location?! Sweet! So I pick San Jose since it's a few blocks from my personal trainer at Synergy Fitness.Her location is in the clubhouse of Oakwood, second floor. Jolyn greets me with a warm smile and has me fill out an intake card. The moment I walk in her room I FEEL as if I'm in heaven! She analyzes my skin and decides on an enzyme for me. My face looks and feels brand spanking new! I even got a hand a foot massage too!Again, thanks my fellow Yelpers ~ I couldn't have done it without you!
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2009,1/6/2010,878,405,17,21,20>When I drive through the Berryessa & Lundy area craving pho, there's only two restaurants to choose from.  Thanks to a friend who suggested this place, I don't think I'd go back to Pho Yen across the street.  Cuong is more spacious with quicker service and better tasting soups.  What stood out the most for me was the quality and amount of meat in their #2 beef noodle soup. The well done brisket, well done flank, fat brisket, soft tendon, and bible tripe were nice and tender with a fantastic flavor.  I also had their wonton soup with yellow noodle (special noodle soup).  My friend swears it's the best broth EVER.  Well, I thought it ranks up there, but not the best wonton noodle soup I've had....ever.  Their soda chanh (freshly squeezed lemonade soda) was very refreshing.  Just don't pay attention to all the sugar at the bottom of the glass.  Mix and enjoy.....I sure did!I usually get their large bowl of pho at a great value of $6.25.  Their regular size bowl is just 25 cents less.  I'll be back pho sho!
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2009,1/5/2010,378,778,14,23,18>I don't like buffets so I am probably the last person who should be reviewing the Sunday Brunch here. It was my dear friend's 30th birthday and she chose this place for her birthday with 11 of her closest friends. We came in style in a huge limo too! ;) Totally not what I had expected inside. Its pretty old looking and definitely dated. They do alot of weddings here as well. We were seated immediately because there was hardly anyone there this morning for brunch. They had a huge spread of food--salads to seafood to breakfast and a carving station plus a dessert station. There was a lot of food to pick from. Nothing stood out to me as fantastic but the bacon was pretty darn good! Bottomless champagne this morning which was probably a bad idea for me ;) Mmmmmmmmm! Service here is outstanding though! On several occasions a gentleman seated me back into my chair. For $17.95 its actually a pretty good deal for this type of buffet. Perfect for people who love them...sadly I just don't. 1 star for fab service....1 star for bottomless champagne and another star for having awesome girlfriends! Check this place out if you are in the neighborhood. They also have a decently priced wedding package if you are looking to have a reception.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,1/4/2010,176,249,9,8,9>First off.. this is a karaoke review.. so let me just establish a baseline for what I consider to be a bona-fide karaoke *five* star good-time with a karaoke *five* star crowd. This little video clip..http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJU2XZUGqAc&­feature=channel_page taken at my all-time *favorite* bar..  about a mile *North* of the Dive..constitutes what I consider to be that five-star swirl of dancers and revelers that any true karaoke attention whore would LUV to be standing and singin' in the middle of!!!OK as far as I can tell, karaoke night at the Dive Bar does not offer anything *quite* as enveloping and contagious as *that* .. still.. the Dive Bar experience does not suck.. One could spend a perfectly pleasant evening here and not feel that it was wasted .. There are some very good singers, an extensive song selection, a reasonably fair rotation (as far as *I* could tell for the time I was there) and a nice sized crowd, .. and pretty girls .. (to *motivate* the singers to sing to impress) ..so  uhm 4 stars..Karaoke-wise, There *is* room for improvement.. I wish they would not be so casual about starting on time (started karaoke 40 minutes after the advertised start time), and despite their vaunted, supposedly .."extensive" song selection.. they, rather unbelievably, do *not* seem to have "Suavemente!!" you know.. *this* song...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJU2XZUGqAc&­feature=channel_page .. At least that is what the Dive Bar KJ told *me* that evening (aw fudge!).In the spirit of full-disclosure.. I must confess walking thru the Dive Bar doors with *less* than benevolent intent. Some of the regulars at this joint and others are conducting a nasty little envy-driven Yelp-gaming campaign against *my* favorite place (7 Bamboo), attempting to push down its stellar 5 and 4 star ratings with a sudden suspicious flood of 6 straight one and two star ratings.. attacking *my* favorite place and the people who hang out there as being lame.. dead.. just any damning charge they can think of..doesn't seem to keep people away.. still.. Witnessing this onslaught of vicious yelping twit-driven slander.. my immediate impulse was to go out and do unto one of their places what they had just done unto the place I luved.. But I guess I just don't have it in me.. I guess I'm just too *old school* for this game .. I am one who Yelps not to engage in a game of malicious high-school clique-ish slanderous put down and extortion .. rather I am one who Yelps to inform, amuse, and render fair judgement on the object of my Yelping..So four stars..at least on this night.. On my visit, I encountered Ashton C. author of one of the more mean-spirited reviews of my beloved 7 Bamboo.. so potentially perfect villain material.. But, actually, he is a very good performer.. and handsome.. and athletic.. and enjoys a certain enthusiastic female following AND.. (this is *very* important in my book) is *not* a total jack-ass in person.. In fact.. he seems a nice guy.. and very supportive of the other singers.. and Not at all like the boorish lout that he *describes* himself to be in his 7B review (reports himself flipping the double bird to the 7B crowd due to what he perceived to be their underresponse to his rendition of "Friends in Low Places..")We talked a little.. he seemed mildly embarrassed about the wording of his one-star 7B review.. taking pains in actual person-to-person conversation to restate his issues with MY favorite place in *much* milder terms than what he said in Yelp. "Basically," he said, "all I was trying to say was that *I* get better response from people, *here* .. You get *your* best response over *there*" ... I allowed as that sounded reasonable, altho after I left I thought.. but.. well.. that is really *not* what his 'Boo review said..But I digress.. Dive Bar karaoke.. despite some unfortunate shortcomings, doesn't suck..
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,1/3/2010,351,376,7,9,8>We went here yesterday for my friend's 22nd birthday.  I usually order the Pad Thai or Yellow Curry from this place, but last night I wanted to try their Rad Nar.  Unfortunately the rad nar here didn't cut it for me.  The gravy was too liquidy and the beef was really tough.  I think I'm going to stick to the pad thai and yellow curry from this place.  The pad thai from here isn't too sweet or too bland..it's perfect!  The curry also has a nice balance between the curry flavor and coconut milk.Prices are reasonable considering the decor and presentation of the place.  My dish was around $8.Since it was my friend's birthday we received a complimentary fried banana with ice cream dish enough for nine people!
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,1/2/2010,1019,787,9,10,9>Some of my college friends came out for me this past weekend to celebrate my birthday and before they left for the weekend, we wanted to have one last goodbye dinner. My friend told us to meet down in Morgan Hill because there was this awesome Thai place that she had just gone to the night before (and wanted to go again) . I drive up to this unsuspecting little house that turns out to be a cozy little restaurant inside. We're greeted by the friendly waiters who remember my friend & her cousin from the night before so they give us the royal treatment.Thai food is thai food but this place makes it so well! I don't know what it is but I really enjoyed it here. Our server Pong (yes, like Ping Pong) was extremely friendly and attentive with us the whole night, the prices are great, the portions aren't huge but they are just enough. We ordered the satay egg rolls, yellow curry, pad thai, pad see ew and pineapple fried rice to share amongst 5 hungry girls. It was my first time trying yellow curry and it was DELICIOUS. Add it on top of brown rice and you've got yourself a winner. I've had the rest of the entrees before but this place is a little different. Oh yeah, let's not forget the complimentary dessert that they hooked us up with. Fried bananas with some fruit and vanilla ice cream. YUM! I don't know what it was but Thai food here was just more enjoyable. Maybe it's the service? Maybe it was because I was good friends? Even though Morgan Hill is out of the way for most people in the Bay Area, I will definitely make it a point to eat here if I'm ever in the area visiting my friend again.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,12/31/2009,854,542,25,22,21>The latest upstart of the Craw-fish restaurants craze in the south bay, Boiling Crab probably stands the best chance of maintaining its longevity, IMO.Beyond the dining experience (not much dissimilar from any of its counterparts), BC edges out other places in SanJo' with ambiance and and entrenched location.The rustic seafarer's furnishings, vintage knickknacks, and Louisianian imagery is already an eyeful.  Marry that to a wealth of flat-screen teevees and a [typically hip-hop/r&amp;b bumping] sound system and you have an almost automatic party atmosphere!The location on the East Side (WOOWOO!) is where wealth and wannabes collide and is ethnically diverse with Asians/Pacific Islanders aplenty, all equating to BC sitting pretty in a spend-happy market of people accustomed (and savagely eager!) to shell out for shellfish. *barump-bump!*Service CAN be hit-or-miss, I concur with some reviewers, but more oft-than-not the young and fresh faced staff are upliftingly friendly and do a good [enough] job...  The food is what it is (there's something addicting in it, i swear!), simply and straightforward shellfish of your choosing, simmered in that crimson red, buttery, garlicky boil!  Hot, spicy, rich and tasty!  I am noticing, however, either their triple-X is getting milder or I'm becoming immune to it... I end up adding more hotsauce to the orders I bring home.  Still, they've got me hooked like a junkie.At any rate, I knew this place opening up a minute's drive from where I live was gonna trouble.  And trouble and I?  Well, acquainted.______________________________________________It started, innocently enough, with JDizzo's birthday outing.Then there was an after-work/pre-movie night dinner.Next, an out-of-towner's "last night here" get-together.Church day lunch with mom and grammy.Dinner for Dad's return from the PhilippinesA random "why not" lunch with a friend.Every chance I got, every opportunity, Boiling Crab w/friends.But one day, it happened... I found myself there. Alone. In the middle of the day.With one thing on my mind..."...poundashrimpwholeshabangtripleXXXtogo,please..­.".The words rolled off my tongue like instinct. I was jones'ing .  Jones'ing bad.And almost every week since, I saunter out the door, plain brown paper bag in hand, hoping not to be seen, like a perv leaving a smutshop.Hi, I'm Mikey.  And I have problems
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2009,12/30/2009,1806,1048,12,11,15>My favorite dark meat with skin-LiciousChicken!!!!! I am all about dark meat.. I know white breast chicken pieces are healthier but but....... I just can't help it!This small Vietnamese restaurant amongst the other million ones in downtown San Jose is genuinely delicious! This places specializes in Hainan chicken and I must say I like it better than the other com ga an nam near grand century plaza! Chicken is chewy and yummy. Every dish relates to chicken of course. It's their specialty! I got the mi ga kho ( dried egg noodles with Hainan chicken ) .. It was so good! I chowed down on that chicken! What interested me was the pho ga kho ... Pho but dry? I wonder how that would taste like! Otherwise.. Clean venue with nice dark brown wooden chairs and tables! You may think it looks a bit janky on the outside but don't judge it's book by it's cover :) I think all you yelpers already know all that!!
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,12/29/2009,386,452,13,16,17>After hearing such wonderful things about this place, we decided to try it out for dinner since we wanted something quick that we can bring home and enjoy. Since this is FALAFEL drive in, you have to try the falafel. Yeah they sell a bunch of other stuff too but really I think it's the falafel that is the best thing on the menu. Each little ball is filled with so much flavor and the breading on the outside is perfectly cooked. I love the yogurt and spicy red sauce provided, I only wish they gave us more! Yes I admit it..I am a sauce hog...That night we also decided to try the gyro since I always like to try multiple things when I'm eating at a new restaurant and it was no where near as good as the falafel. The meat had a weird consistency to me and was not as flavorful. The pita chips were pretty good but I think next time I'll have to try the hummus.For dessert I had the banana shake. Normally it's the BF that is a fan of bananas and not necessarily me but man oh man...this was delish! Perfect way to end the meal. Overall we enjoyed the experience and will definitely be back for the falafel sandwich and the banana shake.Note: The parking lot is tiny but there is also some street parking near by.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2009,12/28/2009,292,189,11,12,8>You definitely do NOT come here for the service. Although I'm not too sure I'd come for the dumplings either. The ladies are not english speakers so similar to when I'm in China, they start to speak Mandarin to me and I'm like whaaaaa? (Speak Canto to me!)After doing some elaborate pointing and sign language, I went with the lunch special of 12 pork & cabbage dumplings that comes with hot & sour soup plus a side of your choosing. It's self-serve for the sides so mosey on over to the sliding door fridge and pick out your own. The soup was meh and the seaweed side dish was alright static.px.yelp.com/bphot.The dumplings were bland without dunking them liberally into my soy sauce/vinegar/chili sauce. The skin had a nice consistencey - not too thick though after the 5th dumpling, the filling just starts to taste...well, repetitive static.px.yelp.com/bphot. I could have gotten them fried for an extra 30 cents but wanted to go the "healthy" route...and 30 cents gets me an extra ounce at Yogurtland!They do taste like dumplings you can get at Ranch 99 but when you're not in the mood to cook...and by cook, I mean boil water...the lunch special at $6.95 is not a bad deal. And pick up a fortune cookie on your way out so you can learn a lil Chinese while you're at it static.px.yelp.com/bphot. Maybe I should have grabbed the whole bucket of fortune cookies to brush up on the Chinese so I won't stare blankly at the waitress next time. Try it out my péng you!
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,12/27/2009,564,356,14,14,15>Food = 4 stars... Angry, Huffy Witchy Cashier = 1 star! Was wanting some Mexican food for lunch but didn't want to wait in a long line at La Vic or walk all the way to Iguana's. I remember seeing it when I went to pho last week - it's right next door to Pho Lan (my go to pho place for lunch). I like that the menu is on a huge board when you first walk in with pictures of each dish - that's extremely helpful for deciding what you want to order and the size of the food. I settled on the carne asada quesadilla and M ordered the flautas dish. When we went to order the food, the cashier lady was extremely huffy and kept rolling her eyes while we were trying to figure out what to order - we weren't taking that long and P.S. - no one was behind us! I secretly wanted to jump over the counter and slap her twice to keep her cool 'cause she was annoying the crap out of me - I'm hungry and irritable already - I can barely deal with my own shiz, I don't have the energy to handle this broad! Ugh - please get a new cashier!Anyway - the food came out rather quickly even though it was getting quite packed - My quesadilla was huge and delightfully cheesy. You can get free chips and salsa and I poured the red chunky salsa over my food and it made it even better - M dish was big as well, he had 4 full flautas with rice and beans (I stole the beans though - hehe). I think I will come here again when I'm not so irritable just in case she is taking orders again - I don't want to have to go crazy on her butt - Sheesh please fake a smile!
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,3/18/2007,5/10/2007,75,123,14,8,11>MAJOR EDITShere's how to make your stars plummet faster than lucifer getting kicked out of heaven:the sign on the wall is clearly marked "no games", but it is 11:30 at night and there is no one there, except for one guy obviously playing WOW on the wireless in the corner.  we figure, hey, there's one guy manning this place - maybe he'll let it slide if we buy a boatload of donuts.  we quickly purchase three orders of donut holes and half a dozen donuts that we really have no intention of eating.surreptitiously, we set up our game of carcasonne (the best modern board game invented by germans).  we hunch over the pieces, playing a good 10 minutes in quiet contemplation, when the manager walks over to us coldly and says, "no games.""what's the problem?  why not?"  we ask."no games," he says, and stomps away to his corner where he sits and watches his assistant make the donuts for him.oh donut wheel, WTF.  if a drunk high school student was making 50 db noise here, you would not care.  if the drunk high school students stand right outside the door and chain smoke, the delectable scent wafting in with the summer breeze and stinging the nostrils of the rest of your loyal customers, you would not care.  if the cops sit here for two hours not doing their jobs, you would be perfectly happy.  you're already perfectly happy with the crumbs on the tables, the sub-par coffee, the stale donuts, the sticky ground, and the GODDAMN ANTS MARCHING UP MY PANT LEG, and you make no complaint about us yelling obscene jokes at each other.  but games that obviously do not involve gambling?  immediate shutdown.but since that rule was already marked on the wall, i've demoted you to three stars.  you lost the other two for your terrible ant problem (which is no joke - they got into our donut holes!).that's it.  we're never coming back here again.  top cafe (unfortunately) is the new donut wheel for us.below is the review that earned me ROTD.***oh donut wheel, why am i giving you all five of my precious stars?  the donuts really aren't that good, the coffee is below generically substandard, and frankly your manager is not incredibly nice.  i was approached by high school students asking us to buy alcohol for them.  the tiny parking lot is filled with cigarette smoke.  the non-high-schoolers who come here are choads.  the seats aren't that comfortable, and the men's room is perpetually broken.  why do i love you?it's because you're open 24 hours here, in a city that shuts down at 6 pm.  default is the most beautiful two words in the english language.
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2007,5/9/2007,25,470,,11,7>I was actually floored at how much these guys want your order to be just right. My friend ordered a sweet lassi from them. The lady who made it actually came out and told my friend that if it was too sweet, she could go add more yogurt and re-blend it. She even stood by as my friend made an initial taste. After confirming that it was indeed too sweet, it was taken back, re-blended, and then brought back out.Amazing customer service.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2007,5/8/2007,1071,862,2,25,19>The Virginia Street Women Infants and Children program has helped my family a lot.  While on maternity leave, you are only paid a fraction of what you normally make. Times were tough for a while after our son was born. WIC helped ease the burden. The vouchers that we recieved from WIC helped out big time!  WIC offers free health assesments, nutrition classes and vouchers for nutritious foods like milk, formula, cereal, juice, tuna, carrots, eggs, peanut butter, beans, and cheese for low income families. Here in the Silicon Valley, it's not uncommon for the average working family of 4 to be considered low income. The 1 hour classes teach parents the importance of proper nutrition for themselves and thier children.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2007,5/7/2007,521,497,7,8,10>Chicken joy indeed!  I am a 'crack' whore...only my 'crack' is fried chicken.  I can't seem to say no to it.  If some place has it on the menu, I have to try it.  I've been scoping out Jollibee for a while now.  I'd pass by it on my way thru the drive-thru of Krispy Kreme, and I'd always think about trying it out.  That empty promise was finally kept, and now I'm in trouble.  The fried chicken was sooooo good.  The batter is not thick.  The skin was crispy.  The chicken itself, moist and flavorful.  And the side?  Rice and gravy...my favorite carbs.  Skip the spicy chicken rendition, for its just a sprinkling of chili/cayenne pepper/MSG after the fact.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but I know I don't need the MSG.  For a fast food (Not fast food, good food served quickly) place, Jollibee serves up some fried chicken which trumps all the other chains.  Good thing it's not too close to me...
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,5/6/2007,1260,803,2,8,6>This place is awesome for Korean Fried Chicken!!!     Jeremy, Ed, and I had dinner there last night (02/12/2007).Highlights: - Always fresh chicken... they never serve frozen chicken (the sign is posted on the door)- This is NOT a fast food joint!    The chicken is fried when ordered!- I recommend the combination dish (spicy, mild, and honey sweet).- This is my buddy Ed's fault - I can't stop thinking about going back for another 10 piece meal).- The chicken is fried in cottonseed oil (much healthier than the regular oil at KFC)Our bill:  $45.00 for two 10 piece meals, two bottles of Korean beer, and a salad bar.    Not bad for a small dinner with your buddies.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2006,5/5/2007,157,259,5,11,9>This review is long overdue.  I was sorta bohemian about my hair for a long time, either letting my friends cut it, cut it myself, let it grow, or sporadically went to a stylist.  I NEVER was "one of those girls" who had a grooming schedule, a standing appointment to see the same stylist for any length of time.  (Please don't take "one of those irls" out of context.  I'm just sayin', I had no plan for my hair nor a conscience about my image.)Then, I moved here from NY and needed to do something about my hair (and my conscience).  A colleague recommended Stilo.  I went in and was assigned to Marnie, who listened to me describe what I wanted and agreed to do it.  Whoa.  Off we went.  Snips here, and then there, and when it was done, it was exactly what I wanted.  Better than Derek Zoolander.I go about every 5 weeks to have something done, whether a trim, color or both.  When I want to try something different, Marnie's got great ideas. When I want to try one of my own ideas, she goes for it with me.  She's really thoughtful about it and I can see that she really enjoys it.  (She's so good that even my boyfriend goes to her - we double book.)  I constantly get compliments on my hair, am asked what products I use and which stylist.  I tell people all the time to go here and ask for Marnie, but I don't know if they do.She's extremely accommodating - I had a formal event last night and went in for my usual cut and style.  I asked her if we could do finger waves for the event on my thin, stick-straight hair instead of a cut.  She went to it.  I had awesome flapper hair that actually held its style all night!  My hair usually holds a style for 10 minutes. I now live about 30 miles away and we still drive down to San Mateo to get our hair done.  I'm really hooked.  I can't say much about the styling skills of other staff there since I haven't been to anyone but Marnie, but they're always friendly to me, offer me tea or water when I come in.  LOVE them.When I try to think about what I would change about this place, I can't think of one thing.  Well, actually, if they could employ some very short people to massage my shoulders while Marnie cuts my hair, that would be nice.  They wouldn't get in the way.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2007,5/4/2007,278,119,5,29,31>We were blessed to enjoy a mini getaway - one night's stay - here. Got off work a little early to beat the commuter traffic on the 280 and 92. It was sprinkling and grey outside on the way, lots of red brake lights in front of us. It was too cloudy to see the sunset. But it wasn't night yet and as we drove by the ocean, it was incredibly calming to see the waves crash against the rocks, pulling away our tenseness and agitation. This was our preparation for the Ritz Carlton at Half Moon Bay.When we arrived, we were treated like Royalty. Glasses of red wine at check-in. A Roman Mineral Bath before our dinner reservations.The best quality of everything surrounded us. Even the chocolates on our pillows were Valrhona.There was someone to answer a question or a need at any time. Me: Can you tell me where is the bathroom? "Right this way, let me show you." Me: Do you have this size in blue? "Let me go and check for you. It will just be a second." Me: Does that fireplace actually work? "(laughing) Yes, here (goes to turn on the gas fireplace) you go! We try to make the rooms as comfortable as possible."Me: Can we possibly get that bone wrapped up to go? For our doggie friend..."Of course, of course!" (minutes or seconds later brings back white Ritz Carlton box with the big meaty bone from our Cote du Boeuf). The hotel is serene and exquisitely appointed; we really felt farther away from the city and the grind than just what - 48 miles?We had an amazing dining experience at Navio; it was made even more wonderful by the fact that we didn't have to drive or walk home afterward. We had to go a few paces out of the restaurant, to the elevator, and then to our room, where we passed out on a king-sized downy-soft mattress and fluffy down pillows. If you stay here, I highly highly highly recommend dining at Navio.I would love to return at another time when we can stay for more than one night. Take a yoga class. Walk along the ocean, swim in the pool, enjoy the steam room, get a massage and a pedicure, try golfing... but this 12-hour vacation felt much longer and deeper than it actually was, and it was absolutely lovely.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2007,5/3/2007,293,735,10,5,10>I go through these really drastic "I need to get healthy" phases. During one such phase, that entailed "training" for a half marathon. Balls to the wall, right? That means going from 0 to 13.1 miles! I decided that if I was going to be a "runner," I needed all the necessary accessories, too.  First comes the water fanny pack or hip pack, to hold my water, keys and inhaler. REI has a pretty large selection- different size, different colors. I chose the North Face one because it had two water bottle holders and a pocket to carry my things. Uh, second is a pedometer, third is a heart rate monitor and fourth is Oakley Thump sunglasses. I haven't gotten past number one though. (That means that I'm not in the running phase anymore- It'll come around again sometime soon. My mom says I have to lose weight if I want to go to Japan and Korea with her because there are no fat people in Asia.)P.S. I was a Girl Scout from age 5 to 18. I'm a seasoned camper, and all my camping gear is from here.  I didn't choose for it to be from here- my parents did. Mess kit, backpack, air mattress, but not my sleeping bag!
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2007,5/2/2007,658,727,11,11,11>pibe estars...  I was so overwhelmed with the multitude of Filipino snacks and goods that are not usually found in your regular Asian grocery store.  Wow... for a minute I forgot I was in Amerikkka...What really impressed me were the availability of these items:Sunflower Crackers, chicken flavor and lemon cream sandwichesReno Liverspread, with 25% more spreadSkyflakesMagic Flakes (a competitor product of Skyflakes, which my grandma loves)Tomi brand SardinesSalt n' Vinegar cracklin's  (33 cents EACH!)Jack N' Jill chocolate covered pretzelsCurly tops chocolateChippy corn chipsCanned Milo chocolate drinksdifferent flavors of Boy Bawang Cornicks (garlic, bbq, adobo)Eskinol skin astringent and skin whiteners (for y'all hatin' on your brownness)My Shaldan car air freshener cansSeafood City also houses several annexes: Red Ribbon bakery/restaurant on your left (they carry fresh lumpia and palabok and cakes!), a Manila Sunset company (selling bibingkas--rice sweets, kapeng barako--OG coffee from Batangas, and arroz caldo), and a ChowKing on your right (Filipino-Chinese fastfood chain serving dim sum, Filipino breakfast, hot taho, fried chicken, etc.).No need to load up your Balikbayan boxes for pasalubong/Filipino Treats when you come back to the States, when all you gotta do is go to Seafood City in UC!oh yes, they have seafood too (petrale sole in tha house!)
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,5/1/2007,4961,1539,9,17,16>A day of serenity and pampering was what I wanted to treat my lovely friend Kristina R. to for her birthday. Especially after being in a classroom filled with screaming kids all week long. I made reservations 2 weeks in advance and the only thing I told her was to make sure she kept the day open. "Where are we gonna go? Hmm? Where are you gonna take me? C'mon, tell me. Tell me. Tell me." And this went on for a few minutes, but I kept my mouth shut. "I'm not going to tell you! We're going on an excursion and it'll be a nice girly day."The next time I saw Kristina, she once again tried to pry the information out of me. "Where are we gonna go? I bet it's afternoon tea."I said nothing."We're going to Half Moon Bay!"Again, I said nothing."We're going to the Ritz-Carlton in Half Moon Bay!""GEEZ! How did you figure it out?!?!""Told you I was psychic." Andy looked over at me and concurred. I should have known. You cannot keep ANY secrets from this woman. I'm telling you, don't even try. She has a crystal ball at home and knows what all of you are doing right now.Finally, our day of serenity and pampering at the Ritz was here. We arrived an hour early, so we decided to sit by the fireplace in The Conservatory and have some drinks after we finished our wide-eyed oohing and ahhing of the gorgeous resort. I had a yummy peach bellinitini, while Kristina had the Ritz fruit cocktail drink. Our server was very nice and left us alone while we took in the amazing ocean view and chatted it up. When the time came to have our afternoon tea, we headed over to the lobby, where 3 female staff members stood. It looked as if they were waiting for VIP guests to arrive. Maybe even a celebrity. Kristina predicted it was Matt Damon, but was wrong. They were actually expecting us! Our cutie pie server, Alexa, brought us into The Library, which was exactly that. A room of dark wood walls, plush leather armchairs, shelves filled with books, a fireplace which wasn't lit (she aplogized profusely about it, such a sweet girl), and only 5 tables. No one was inside, and only 2 tables were set up for afternoon tea. The center table next to the fireplace was set up for us. We both ordered the fabulous Traditional Tea, which consisted of: a pot of tea (I had the Mango -- yummy!) Smoked Salmon with Dill Cream and Salmon Caviar on Dark Rye; Cucumber, Roquefort and Sesame Seeds on Whole Wheat Bread; Chicken Salad on Sourdough Bread; and (our favorite) Egg Salad with Truffle on Flaky Pastry. Alexa also brought us a plate of sandwiches from the spa menu, compliments of the house (not as good as the traditional). Then we had Freshly Baked Cranberry-Orange Scones served warm (actually, piping hot) with Devonshire Cream, Lemon Curd and Preserves; a 3-tier tray of Pumpkin and Spice Tea Cake; Cinnamon Chocolate Shortbread Cookie; Chocolate Coffee Opera (a mini work of delectable art); Sugar Palmiers; Pear and Almond Cream Tart; Caramelized Rum Profiteroles. The two of us, being the biggest sweet tooths, couldn't manage to finish all 3 trays, so we got the cute leftover treats boxed up to go. Alexa was extremely attentive, politely asking us throughout the service if we needed anything. Our tea service lasted for about 2 hours, and we were the only ones in The Library during that whole time (except for a few people who poked their heads in to see if we were celebrities). It was truly a private room just for the two of us and they really treated us like VIPs.
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,10/9/2014,854,542,14,20,16>In the summer of 2012, as craft beer popularity skyrocketed, examiner.com ran this article featuring Dee of Bobby's Liquors (a long time favorite bottle shoppe of mine!) and his ambitions to open ISO in downtown San Jose (examiner.com/article/pre); a daunting task considering the numerous outlets already installed in the area.A year and a half later, congratulations are in high order to Dee & Jen for creating such a great destination for downtown goers and a welcome & formidable addition to the craft beer scene!Pro-tip: look for the address, first timers. On my first night seeking the place out  I obliviously walked by it twice, certain it would jump out at me in a spectacle of beer-related regalia and fanfare , but no. 75 E. Santa Clara St.; its not hard to find, but also isn't obviously/cosmetically a beer bar. In a way, ISO takes a quieted, sophisticated, but not elitist, turn at savoring beer.The sleek and [currently] unadorned space is an exercise in minimalism; no televisions, no brewery ads, no emblazoned tap handles, and - save for the "ISO Beers" logo and operating hours on the glass doors - not even signage. Encased in a glass on glass on glass facade of a downtown office building, ISO's interior is hip and stylish, awash in dark, stony hues from floor to ceiling, a spaciously arranged smattering of high tabletops & highchairs, 8 doors of refrigerated goodness, a bar top that spans nigh the width of the room, and a wall of taps. ...oh, that wall; that sheen, burnished, splendid rampart of polished steel(?) upraised from end to end with gleaming taps in legion, linear and uniform, a cascade of beers at the ready... oh, that wall.I'm eager for a few other amenities ISO has in the works. For now and the foreseeable future, the staff at ISO welcomes food from other establishments; [hearsay] they are even considering a food-runner/delivery arrangement with nearby eateries. Also still in development is the attached patio space for a pet-friendly biergarten, hopefully to be completed right on time for some lazily lounging, Springtime day-drinking.X-number of drafts and luxurious amenities aside, it's ultimately a knowledgeable, keen, & kind staff that makes a bar welcoming and worth patronage. In this regard, the staff at ISO, like aforementioned owner Dee (of Bobby's Liquors) and Jake (of Market Beer & Kelly's), are some of the craft beer scene's friendliest and celebrated  personalities. No doubt nor surprise that patrons/friends (like myself) have followed them here from their other endeavors. In Search Of Beers? Ask the people. You've found the place._______________________________________________Good BEER is easy to find in San Jose;these guys have founded a good BAR.And I plan to be back again and again.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,10/8/2014,739,212,13,18,15>Wu Ji Mala HouseIt's kind of like a recreational drug addiction. Some people like it, some don't. You can't eat it everyday, but when you do...oh man you remember why you liked it so much in the first place!Try level 2 first before jumping into any higher levels. Level 5 may send you to the hospital for bowel surgery if you can't stand spicy.There are plenty of extra add on items you can order such as ramen, meats, etc.It is a bit pricey IMO. ($15+ per individual hot pot)P.S. Bring your own water because the service can get slow (especially with water refills) when it gets packed. CASH ONLY!
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,10/7/2014,335,249,17,25,22>**100% BOBA PRINCESS APPROVED**Oh-My-Gawd! What a spectacular local gem along the Winchester! If you know me, I do NOT like fruit, so any businesses with the word FRUIT in their name gives me the chills! However the Tea Zone (TZ) is so CALIENTE that it thawed my frozen heart and struck me with cupid's arrow ;)Drink Quality, Service, Prices, Location/Ambiance: A-A-ey-eyyyyy Sexy Boba!~ Op-Op-Oppa Tea Zone STYLE!((INTRO/LOCATION))It was a nice Sunday afternoon (prior to USA's game at 3PM) and I needed a place to study so I ventured to try a new boba shop. TZ is located along Winchester in the tiniest plaza ever sharing space with Subway and couple stores. There is a private parking lot behind the plaza building for about 20 cars max. I wandered in through the back door and was looking for a place to sit. A Vietnamese male in his 30s wearing a Tiffany blue shirt and slacks waved me down across the shop, "Are you looking for a plug? There's one right here!" I waddled over and he pointed it out. **THE ONLY OUTLET PLUG IS BETWEEN 2 WHITE CUSHION BENCHES AGAINST THE WALL.**((AMBIANCE))I expressed my gratitude and sat on the cozy bench. Glancing around, I noticed the shop was very white and clean. The few tables and chairs were all white or neon-colored. The layout is very simple- cashier/drink station, tables and chairs, and a nice HD TV screen atop. Perfect. If they want to throw in a few more paintings or pictures around, that's fine. But I always think simplicity is best. I am there to either do work or chat with my friends, not check out the scenery 24/7 haha. It can get loud in here since 1) the TV is on and 2) many people = much noise. Just plug in your earphones and it'll drown out everything. Also their bathroom is HUGE. I mean it's so spacious and clean that if nature calls, you can #2 in peace.((SERVICE))As I am situating myself, the same Viet gentleman strikes up a friendly conversation with me, asking if I was trying to study and if it was my first time here. I asked if he was Viet and he was thrown back that I am too. He also informed me that he was the owner of the store! I would've never guessed since he looked young and he was very laid back and chill. We discussed a number of topics including the start of his business because his wife wanted a boba shop, the arrival of his 3rd child, how he created and tried every drink on the menu, how the shop makes fresh boba throughout the day, and even the careful consideration of the ice that goes into our drinks. I was thoroughly impressed that he took the time to converse with me and inquired if I had any questions about his new business. When I placed my order, the female employee had taken prior orders and was busy making the drinks. The owner asked if he could take my order for me, but I declined as I was still contemplating on my drink choice. They don't want you to wait if they can help it! Great service. The female barista also makes each drink by hand and fresh! All the ingredients especially the fruits are FRESH like it was from West Philadelphia born and raised! Holla!Note-worthy is that I eventually moved to the back corner of the shop to get some peace and quiet since 10 people were inside at this point. About 1/2 hour later, the owner comes over to my table and apologizes that I had to move due to the other customers. I was flattered but I moved away from the other customers, not FOR them hahaha. It was a kind gesture nonetheless that he paid attention to my whereabouts!((DRINK QUALITY/PRICES))I tried the WHITE TIGER MILK TEA with pearls.***White Tiger Milk Tea: Half Thai tea, Half Jasmine Green Milk tea mixand let me tell you, it was HEAVENLY BOMB DIGGITY. I thought to myself, wow I have NEVER seen that idea before! White Tiger? Awesome, novel concept. As you can imagine, it is sweeter than the original Tiger Milk Tea so avoid it if you do not like super sweet drinks. The boba itself was chewy and they even top it off with a mint leaf! I love mint leaves and immediately mashed it into my drink. If it's a for-here drink, they use cute mason jars which is a delightful touch. I can't wait to try the other drinks, even if I am not a fruity person. For the prices, the quality and quantity seem reasonable, especially since everything is hand made and not pre-mixed formula as the owner has told me specifically.Great place, if you say BOBA SHOP with PERSONABLE SERVICE and Decent Drinks, I'd immediately think TEA ZONE. Huzzah on a great experience TZ!
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,10/6/2014,55,136,14,17,14>Happen to chance upon this place while leaving the picnic/bbq site from a children's party that we attended last week. This is one of those moments when split second decisions makes life more interesting! We were intrigued when we saw a lot of younger folks (college peeps) were going to the velodrome so when we entered the place we found out from one of the audience (and prolly organizers) that there was a inter-collegiate competition on human powered vehicles. The competition is for  mechanical engineering students who must build their own human powered vehicles and race it in the velodrome. The competition is not just within the US since there are two teams from India competing too!  This is not just a test of ingenuity of the vehicle but also endurance for its riders. We were told that this has been happening yearly for quite some time but the organizers are thinking of keeping San Jose as its permanent host from then on...Woohoo!  We saw a variety of vehicles from soap box shaped ones, bullet shaped, and customized bicycles...There was also a separate category for men and women.  How fun it is to see teams cheering for their riders during their individual timed runs and I was thinking that this should have more sponsors - so more people would know and come see the next generations of engineers - the same ones who will be designing your bikes or your human powered car.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,10/5/2014,304,267,28,29,24>You wanna know where all the cool kids are kicking it at for happy hour.?!?..TASTE RESTAURANT and Nightclub that's where BUSTAS!?!The ladies come here decked out with their booty shorts and apple bottom jeans trying very hard to Keep Up With The Kardashians.  Then you got the fellas always keepin it fresh to death with their extra medium shirt and as much hair gel as possible to keep the swag level at an all time high that even Fonzie would approve of.  Now that I've broken down the dress code, let's talk about the restaurant:~~~Seating~~~Outdoor Patio (plenty of comfortable couches and tables to accommodate 40-50 peeps)Bar Area (2-3 different bar areas, not all the bars are open every night)Dining Area (pretty big, can seat parties from 12-15 to as small as 1 if it's just you and Lonely Larry there for happy hour)~~~~~~~~~Parking~~~Full Parking lot and some street parking~~~~~~~~~Food&Drinks~~~Taste Sliders (must have item)Chicken Wings (better than that junk they serve at Hooters)Tacos (only $1 on Tequila Thursdays)Handmade Empanadas (so-so)Skinny Fries (damn goodz)Ciroc Passion (drink to die for, damsel in distress good!)~~~~~~~~~Atmosphere~~~Casual Vibe Mon-ThuClub Vibe Fri-Sun as the DJ turns up the music so you can twerk into the night as this place is open till 2am.  #TurnDownForWhat#NotHere#NoWay~~~Side Note~~~Also this is one of the few nightclubs where you can keep ordering food almost close to closing.  No need to run down the street to McDees or Jack in the Crack, get your Grub a dub dub on at Taste and don't forget to order them sliders with some Ciroc Passion~~~~~~
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,10/4/2014,492,201,11,15,11>I hardly venture to downtown San Jose anymore, because I'm past my prime for clubbing and my feet can't handle a whole evening in 6" heels like they used to. But one evening, before meeting up with friends for a birthday party at Myth, I stumbled upon this pizzeria nestled in the shadows of downtown SJ. My boyfriend and I weren't ravenous starving, but we're such fatties that we still decided to order a slice of pizza anyways because the sexy thing to do before clubbing is to bloat yourself with carbs. We were greeted by the friendly hostess, who mentioned an $8.99 deal they were having for a slice of deep dish (cheese or pepperoni), a garden salad, and a beverage. We opted for pepperoni, and were served our beverages in adorable mason jars as we waited. Our pizza arrived surprisingly quickly, piping hot with cheese oozing over the edges of the slice. s3-media3.fl.yelpcdn.comThe slice was generously loaded with pepperoni and the perfect ratio of sauce to toppings. I especially enjoyed the crust, which was crispy on the outside, and soft and chewy on the inside. I made sure to eat every delicious crumb before I embarked on my evening at the clubs, because nothing is cuter than a food baby in your skin tight dress.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,10/3/2014,361,111,8,13,13>After coming back multiple times to try more cocktails and more food, I'm going to give Paper plane five whole stars for consistently excellent food and drinks. It's always a great experience, and we keep wanting to come back again and again!We've tried most of their food, and these are our must-get favorites:* Artichoke Mac N cheese - it's made with orzo pasta which makes it different but really good! Pairs perfectly with the Tater totems. $8* Chicken and waffles - duh. Just get it. They have a spicy and sweet "bacon jam" inside that is delicious with the juicy fried chicken and sweet waffle. $9* Tater totems - hand-made potato taters packed with flavor, and served with a delicious mascarpone and candied bacon. Yum! $8Other items on their food menu are either not worth the $ or just not spectacular, but the ones above are great every time.As for recommended drinks, I can only say that every drink is crafted to perfection, it just depends on your taste preference.Oh! And their punch bowls are excellent as well. We had the Full Moon, which was delicious. Get one for the whole group for a good time. :) One pitcher has enough for 8 or so glasses.If you get here around/before 8:00, you will be able to get a table no problem. After 9:00, it starts to get crowded and the line is enforced at the door to keep it from getting overcrowded inside.I love coming to Paper Plane. We used to hang out at Singlebarrel all the time, but I think we've found a new home for artisinal cocktails with great food as well.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,10/2/2014,755,162,13,18,17>Great Burmese food in the South Bay area!This place is tucked away in a small plaza near Great Mall. It's right next to the new apartment complex. My mom, brother and I came here for dinner one day. We were the only customers at the time. The waiter kindly greeted us and seated us. Since this was all our first time trying Burmese food, we asked for recommendations and ordered away.Paratha - So hot and fresh. Easily a top dish here. The potato curry dipping sauce that comes with it is extremely flavorful, but doesn't overpower the roti completely.Papaya Salad - Not the best I've ever tasted but still a solid dish.Noodles with Fried Garlic and BBQ Pork - my favorite of the day. Great garlic flavor. Super powerful garlic, but it does not overtake the pork or noodles. I quickly devoured this dish. One of their most popular dishes!Curried Chicken with Coconut Rice - My brother got this dish, and I tried a few bites of it. The curry was good, but I would have preferred it to be a little more flavorful. It was a little bland for my liking, but the chicken was on point! It was melt in your mouth kind of chicken.Thick Noodle with Curried Chicken and Boiled Egg - My mom's dish. It was a unique blend of chicken, noodle and egg. Everything complimented each other quite well!I'd definitely come back here some time to try their other items!
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,10/1/2014,1324,242,20,27,21>I came here for lunch with my fiance and his friends for a quick bite before we headed to Jack Rose Libation House for their annual Los Gatos Brew Fest.  To my surprise, this place is a winner when it comes to their thin-crust pizza.I love their pizza! I would consider their pizza to be one of the best thin-crust pizzas I have had in the Bay Area.  It had the right amount of chewy consistency while still being crispy.  We had their two signature pizzas on the menu: the Margherita and the Scotty 2 Hottie.  They were quite delicious and absolutely amazing.  I would just come here for their pizza.  Their Arugula Salad with fresh strawberries, goat cheese, pistachios, lemon vinaigrette was light but bursting with flavor and different textures. If you are a DD like I am most of the time,  you should definitely try their Arnold Palmer which has a blend of fresh made lemonade and tea.  Quite tasty and refreshing on a summer day in downtown Los Gatos.All in all, it is a great place for a casual dinner with friends and even a hot date.  Definitely would recommend for those that love pizza to give this place a try.  Many of my fellow yelpers have strongly recommended that you make a reservation to avoid the long wait which can be hours.  With that said, I am definitely coming back for more of their delicious pizza.  Cheers!
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/30/2014,893,184,46,48,47>Are these doughnuts really that Psycho?Does this mean I have to 51/50 myself to devour these?I asked my boyfriend this upon entering. He chuckled and said now that's crazy talk. As we walked in we saw the nurses and a syringe, and at that moment I whispered to him and said who's the crazy one now. I thought to myself maybe it's the fact that you are consuming so many calories that you go insane. Well then call me psychotic because I'm about to order a dozen of these.As I am staring at these donuts I knew I was in the crazy house. With names like Suicide Squeeze, The JasonNut, Cereal Killer, Jekyll and Hyde, Crazy Face and in the corner of my eye I saw it. "The Danolli" a genetically infused doughnut and cannoli. Could this be more disturbing then The Human Centipede movie?....NO! Nothing can be more disturbing then that movie.Yes these donuts are so psycho Norman Bates would take these tasty morsels to his Mother. Creative and a unique twist to your sugary treats, I will definitely come back to this crazy house again.
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,9/9/2011,1117,183,10,13,11>5 stars, absolutely.  I have been here seven times in the last couple months and it is phenomenal every time.  They even know my boyfriend and I as soon as we walk in.  The food here is perfect for that after drunken hunger that strikes even the strongest willed of us all and for a whole in the wall, it is the best there is.  There needs to be more places like this, consistent and delicious, and open till 3AM! Do yourself a favor, get drunk (don't drive), come here, you will like it, guaranteed.  HONEY WALNUT PRAWNS for the WIN!
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,9/8/2011,2068,6,91,117,88>This short review on Simmering Pho Cafe is for the Rookie Yelper that believes that people will read anything that a "cute Asian girl" posts even when it is a long gibberish essay.   It is dedicated to the grumpy old man who rolls his eyes at me for maxing out on the 5001 characters on reviews and 140 characters on quick tips. S = Spring rolls has fresh grilled pork and shrimp with delicious peanut butter dipping sauce.I = Images of Viet Nam on the Sharp flat screen TVM = Morgan Hill was in desperate need of real good Vietnamese food. M = Money should not be an issue because they accept Visa and MC here. E = Energetic, Eager to please, Experienced and well travelled owners have been to Viet Nam 10 times. R = Real estate was the owner's, John, previous profession. I = Interior design reminds me of a modern cafe in Saigon (minus the bikini clad hot girls) with wooden fans on the high ceiling.N = No fat in the beef Pho since they skim off the frozen fat twice from the top of the pot. G= Good prices where the famous spring rolls are only $4.95 and the average plate costs $6.95. P = Pho is their main attraction but they also have rice plates and vermicelli.H = Humility and the couple's willingness to get advice on how to make their new business better makes me want to support them more as locals. O = Opened on July 2, 2011 on a hot summer day.C = Chef Jade, the owner's wife, is a beautiful gracious Vietnamese woman. A = Always open until 9pm except on Mondays. F = Family run business with their young children, Justin and Julie, helping out when it gets busy. E = Excellent customer service. I felt like I was eating lunch at the J Family's house.
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,9/7/2011,736,863,15,22,15>I think I've officially found my favorite hair stylist at Umbrella! The very first time I came here, Kien gave me a subtle, but very sophisticated hair cut. Then I met Yanin, who gave me cute straight bangs. I thought I was happy with Yanin, but when she was unavailable I booked an appointment with Lisa. I know, I'm such a whore--hopping from stylist to stylist. But it was so worth it!I've seen Lisa around at the salon before and I always admired her sassy and urban style from afar. She's cut my hair several times now and I'm always happy with the modern and edgy results. Lisa is extremely meticulous, I'd probably say borderline OCD, but I like that in a hair stylist. I want someone who I can rely on to take care of my unruly hair and especially someone I can relate to. Lisa is very outgoing and most importantly, she delivers. I always leave the salon feeling confident and my hair always looks fantastic!I also want to add that I looove the hair products available at Umbrella. I use Sachajuan's mousse for volume, Bumble's surf spray for windswept styling, and Oribe's soft laquer hairspray for a flexible finishing touch. Another well deserved five stars!
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,9/6/2011,741,268,13,17,10>As an avid coffee, latte, espresso drinker...I thought I knew my stuff. I work right across the street from Bitter Sweet so some co-workers and I walked across the street for the stores opening. I have never been to such a crafty coffee shop before. They asked me what I usually drink and I said a "grande skinny iced latte". He exclaimed that they don't serve any syrups and they also don't carry any milk under 2%. I was thrown a little off guard but chose to try to 'low-fat' iced latte. I took him about 2 minutes or so to carefully craft my iced late. He handed it to me and told me that they provided sugar off to the side. Before I put anything in the latte, I sipped it......HEAVEN! I have never had a coffee that tasted this good in MY LIFE. I passed on the sugar and decided that I did not want to mask the taste of this perfect, fresh, coffee/espresso bean concoction. The staff is friendly and the place is clean. I would suggest jazzing the place up with MUSIC and ARTWORK! I crave this new discovery of mine everyday...but at $4.. this will have to be a few times a week only. My recommendation: GO ANTI-STARBUCKS! Starbucks coffee beans are nothing like the coffee at bitter sweet. They are not as fresh and tasteful. I would tell anyone to try Bitter Sweet... even just once! its right across the street from Starbucks..
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,9/5/2011,3771,806,6,8,6>I'm gonna start the review like this: SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BUSINESS'! I came here last weekend with my folks who are picky when it comes to Italian food. The place does look like it needs a remodel ,but don't judge a book by it's cover! The food is definitely authentic and the portions are excellent for what you pay for. My son had the spaghetti & meatballs and he ate about 80% of his plate. I ordered a mini pesto ,salami & sausage pizza and was bursting with flavor. One thing I would like to add about the pizza in which I think is very key is the crust. It was made PERFECT. The plates my parents ordered were a ravioli plate and a chicken cacciatore plate and they both agreed it was very good. I will definitely visit Angelo's again in the near future and is very well worth the drive.....
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/19/2011,9/4/2011,389,207,8,7,8>Marley likes me, that's for sure! The moment I walked in to this store, this black furry little  doggie comes running to me and starts licking my feet! She is the friendliest dog evar! I told the owner (dude behind the counter) "I think I'm going to take her home with me". A friend of mine told me about Island Sol one morning. This is of course, due to the fact that I am pretty well-known around work as The Flower girl. She told me that I might want to check this place out in Japan Town because they sell flowers that I can wear on my hair. Sure enough, right at the center of Japan Town, right across Hukilau and Nijiya Market, Island Sol is a small Hawaiian store with goods that range from shirts, skirts, hair pieces, snacks, towels and jewelry. Their prices are not so bad although I cringed slightly when I asked about the orchid hair piece and I was told it was $8. I feel bad not buying at least one. There goes my reason to go back!Parking is pretty easy on a weekday, mid-day. It's a 2-hour limit parking, just make sure you have enough coins. I come to Japan Town on multiple missions, so you make sure you have your list ready too. Island Sol is a mission slightly accomplsihed...This store is indeed pretty laid back. The staff are down-to-earth and friendly...as long as I don't take Marley home with me.
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,9/3/2011,490,412,16,22,22>For one of the few times, I actually ate at a high end restaurant in Santana Row, got full, and didn't break the bank.  LB Steakhouse is a much needed restaurant in Santana Row that delivers full flavors of prime aged steaks without the full flavor price.Short beef lesson - Prime is the top 2% of all beef produced, followed by Choice and then Select.  Most grocery stores carry Choice and Select, and only the top tier restaurants ever get Prime.  Last night I feasted on a 60 day dry aged Prime NY Strip, and wow...the intense flavors of the aging sold me.  That's the only way I'll have steak.Nice décor, but please turn the light up a bit or make the menu font a little bigger for us!
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,9/2/2011,214,56,5,9,7>2 words: Banh Xeo"Xeo" is the sizzling sound this savory Vietnamese crepe makes right when it hits the hot skillet and that's the exact image I got at first bite of its tasty batter. I've never been big on banh xeo, but after dining at Minh's, my whole perception has changed. With banh xeo, it's all about the batter. This banh xeo wasn't soft, soggy, and overdosed with turmeric or coconut milk notorious in many poorly cooked banh xeo's.  Extra crispy yet slightly chewy, Minh's banh xeo was cooked to perfection . It was as though they made it to accommodate my taste. They didn't throw in mung beans like most people do which I've always disliked because I don't enjoy that beany texture in my banh xeo. They also didn't use the fatty dried pork belly I find in most banh xeo's. The best way to eat it is to break off a piece making sure you get equal portions of shrimp, meat, bean sprouts and onion, wrap it in some lettuce/herbs, and dip it lightly into the ubiquitous Vietnamese fish sauce. MmmmmM. I'm already having withdrawal symptoms.Besides banh xeo, Minh's also has the best banh tom-strips of fried sweet potato and what I believe is cassava or some other starchy root, clumped together with crispy shrimps, eaten with fresh veggies and a pickled carrot/daikon fish sauce.Tasting these two spectacular dishes has perpetuated my love for Vietnamese food and I hope it does the same for you.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,9/1/2011,615,556,9,14,13>Hotel Los Gatos was our hotel of choice last May for our wedding block and the night of our wedding. I was extremely impressed with their prompt communication before the wedding. I mainly worked with Jacqueline and Kimia and found them both to be extremely helpful.The night of the wedding, we arrived, checked in easily, and got a free room upgrade - not sure what room type we stayed in but it was a large suite with rose petals everywhere, chocolates and champagne!Needless to say, the hotel staff really went above and beyond for us, heating up some leftover food we brought (we barely had time to eat anything at the wedding!) and giving us utensils for the cake - all at around 1AM!We also found a handwritten note and a wedding gift (from our registry!) in our room from the hotel staff. I was definitely not expecting that - so thoughtful.The next morning, we received a call from the front desk, offering a complimentary late check-out. We politely declined and went on our "married" way. We had a great time here - and so did our guests. Can't wait to return for a mini-getaway!
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,8/31/2011,3171,1316,16,26,22>**SATISFYING JAPANESE TAPAS IN SANTA CLARA**My dearest friends had family in town and invited me to partake in their dinner activities. They chose here.There was an extensive menu and it was both in Japanese and English which I thought gave it a more authentic feel.The staff was friendly and accommodating. We were seated without a wait on a Thursday night and we ordered the following:*PORK BELLY w/ PONZU*SASHIMI SALAD*RICE BALLS*STEAK*PORK BELLY SPINACH SALAD*RICE, EGG, and PORK BOWLThe tapas were delicious. Fresh, accompanied with good sauces, and projected homemade gourmet tastes.Oh, the totoro was like butter.We ordered lots of bottles of sake for our party of 7.Every diner looked to be of Japanese descent, which was a good sign for izakaya street cred.The ambiance was a bit upscale which I liked.RECOMMEND.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,7/1/2014,157,91,14,19,15>Thank you MegaByte for being a part of our lives for over 10++ mega years.  We have had our ups and downs, but I can always count on MegaByte for a fantastic pizza to make up for the past times.  I'm a fan of pizza from Italy, but MegaByte is my favorite pizza place in the Silicon Valley.  Being so close to this place is a bonus.  Al is a wonderful host and his staff is polite and always  there to cater to your needs.  I have had just about everything here, from the pear salad to the risotto(special dujour), to pasta.. they have yet failed to impress.  The best pizza in town.  My favorite pizza is the assembler with artichoke hearts thin crust light cheese.  I don't know what the secret ingredient is to their dough, perhaps some amazing olive oil?  The flavor far surpasses any pizza place in the Silicon Valley.For those that want to complain about price, try Little Caesar's Pizza 2 for $5.  More in your budget.  Stop ruining my fantastic pizza place.  For those that complain about delivery, just because you don't have an automobile, do not blame the restaurant.  Get  a life!!!
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,6/30/2014,7,58,5,12,8>I've been here a few times now. The tea here is pretty good. I've had the taro milk tea and Secret Garden. I love how the drinks are not too sweet and the fruit are fresh.The pearls and other options for adding to your drinks are made well. There are various desserts that they offer here, including macarons. The macarons are okay. Excellent service. Even though it is a new establishment, the workers all seem to have extensive knowledge about their menu items. The girls are all very cute and helpful. Not a fan of that yellow shirt they wear for their uniform though. They would look better wearing a simple black or white shirt. Tiffany did a great job at suggesting the most popular drinks and sharing what she personally likes.  I was surprised when I saw that they were open late Monday through Saturdays until 12 am. I've brought a few friends here and they all loved it here. I hope The Tea Zone & Fruit Bar continues to produce quality and delicious tea with outstanding service.No sales tax on to-go drinks!
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,6/29/2014,34,102,7,16,13>This just goes to show that things do not need to be expensive to be wonderful.Like fresh water, air, fruits, and vegetable.BTW , $2 for a few mini sweet potato is actually expensive compared to the raw ones you buy from the grocery store.  But if it has been roasted in that magical cart, it morphs into into something so yummy.  And healthy too.  No additives, no butter, no marshmallow, no sweetener or seasoning.    Simple and Old fashion roasted sweet potato.  I love it.My friend said Sweet Potato is like God's manna to take care of the poor.  Accessible and Healthy.  It's loaded with Beta Carotene, Antioxidants, Vitamin A, C, B1, B2, B3, B6, Manganese, Copper, Potassium, and more.I don't know the difference between a sweet potato vs yam but I know this Taste Great, is Super Healthy for you, and Cheap enough to fit any budget.I tried to make it at home but it just doesn't turn out as good.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/28/2014,405,378,9,12,9>*~*Food Truck Festival in the South Bay*~*Off the Grid has finally made it south and we are grateful indeed.They have two different truck selections that alternate every other week with ONE (amazing) dessert truck.Choose from Vietnamese, Tacos, Sushi, BBQ Burgers, Cup cakes or frozen custard.  Bring your cash!
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,6/27/2014,133,696,14,20,16>Took a Tesla Model S for a test drive!My experience from this store was the best I've ever had from a test drive.From the person that answered the phone to schedule an appointment to me walking out of the dealership/showroom was very pleasant.I was excited about test driving the Model S, but dreaded having to have a yet another sales rep sitting next to me trying to figure out how to sell me the car.  My experience at Tesla was everything I hoped for and didn't have any selling pressure.Josiah gave me a test drive and he was extremely friendly and professional.Explained everything as needed and just let the car and I talk.I like the car, but more amazed with the customer service here.It's a strange feeling to walk out of a dealership without any selling pressure.As for how the Model S was, I think it's different for everyone.Which car you come from, your needs, your situation.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,6/26/2014,440,254,8,15,14>I'm glad I decided to come here with a friend. It's better than I thought it would be. I love Izakayas because its tapas style with smaller dishes that are meant to shared. Some of the portions here are larger than other izakayas, and the prices are also lower in comparison. Such a plus! Food: yakitori - chicken skewer w/ sauceasparagus wrapped bacon skewerenoki mushroom wrapped bacon skewer saba shioyaki - grilled mackerelkamo garlic - garlic duckbuta kakuni - braised pork belly *so tender!*salmon onigiri - rice ball with salmon inside Everything was delicious and cooked perfectly! We actually ordered too much food and were filled. The restaurant is small therefore seating/tables are packed tightly. If you're coming with a large group or on weekends make a reservation. It got packed here quickly on a Sunday night. There is a large parking lot so you don't have to worry about parking. The restaurant itself maybe hard to find, it shares the same entrance as Genji. After walking through the door walk to your left and you'll enter Izakaya Restaurant. If you walk straight you'll enter Genji.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,6/25/2014,155,104,14,19,19>I am surprised I haven't reviewed Iguanas yet!It's SO close to Evergreen Valley College. 5-10 min walking distance from the EVC library.It was one of the very first places I discovered for a good lunch in between classes. I always get nacho fries with marinated steak meat. Split it with another person mmm. Lately they've also been having happy hour for nacho fries, where you get nacho fries and a drink for $6.ONCE a year, FREE t-shirts for every purchase. It gets PACKED. Also, employees here are always very friendly. No wifi here but Starbucks is so close that you can mooch off of theirs.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/24/2014,53,234,17,21,18>I took my daughter here after dinner to continue our Daughter/Mother date night.  I know how much she LOVES tea drinks, so this place was perfect.  It was a first time for the both of us, so we had no idea on what to order.  I asked the lady making the drinks to make a suggestion, and she said  #11 Passion Fruit was really popular.  So, that's what I ordered and I'm glad I did!  It was really good and refreshing!  Reminds me of hot summer days =)  We've been back a few times and it's always busy, lines are out the door.  I'm not surprised, the drinks are just that good!#3 Pearl Milk Tea (good)#5 Taro Pearl Milk Green Tea (so-so)#11 Passion Fruit Pearl Milk Green Tea (Bomb-Diggity!!)
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,6/23/2014,302,166,9,13,10>Before coming here, I felt pretty confident in my ability to handle spicy food. This place takes the meaning of spicy to a whole new level! Wuji offers 2 different types of broth, house or mala, with a set list of ingredients that comes within each pot. You can choose your mala spice level on a scale of 0.5-5, and you can also request extra add-ons on the side.I came here with Tammy N. and we both ordered the mala beef pot, level 1. The level 1 was soooo spicy. I could feel my face turning red after the first bite. It's definitely hotter than I anticipated, and I think 0.5 would've been enough. Each order comes in an individual sized boiling pot with an extra side of napa cabbage and your choice of rice or glass noodles. Our pots were filled with fish balls, shitaki mushroom, corn, cabbage, tomatoes, shrimp, and tofu. The thinly sliced beef came on a separate plate, and it was nice and tender. I couldn't finish the majority of my food, and it was nice that I was able to take my leftover broth/ingredients home.This restaurant is small, and it got rather crowded on a weeknight. Service was okay, and our waiter was able to bring us everything in a timely manner. The only thing I'm iffy about is that it's cash only. Not the most convenient, so plan accordingly.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,6/22/2014,335,249,6,14,11>**Review #148 - 100th Review in 2014 YAYUH**TL;DR?? Best Taffy in Capitola with friendly employees to accompany this sweet shop! Located in the Capitola Mercantile, Carousel Taffy brings fun and laughter to this lackluster warehouse. Definitely recommend the Caramel Apple, Cherry Cola, and Blueberry. Candy Quality, Service, Location, Ambiance, Prices: AN.B: On their website, this is the list of the different type of taffies they offer:  -Salt Water Taffy-Sugar Free Taffy Lite-Sassy Taffy-Tropical Taffy-Specialty Taffy-Other CandyTheir website is down for maintenance though: etaffy.com5 Stars rating it is! I simply could not justify any grade lower than A for any of the categories, so my thumb rule for reviews is that all A's = 5 Stars. I am fairly surprised at past negative reviews but perhaps there was a change of management (for the better). I've been to Carousel Taffy a few times previously and never had a terrible experience. My most recent visit this past weekend was spectacular!((Experience/Service))As I entered the store, I was immediately greeted by a perky, enthusiastic female employee, and I nodded back in acknowledgement. Although there were other customers around, she did her best to manage the whole store by herself-- wow! After gathering my candies, I went to the counter to pay and she was very accommodating in answering my questions about the caramel taffy and informing me to try a sample from their mystery box! By no means was she stingy about offering me samples, and I was very appreciative of that. ((Taffy Quality))Definitely not your run-of-the-mill taffy shop. Carousel Taffy's life mission is to produce grade A quality taffy, and it is evident in their product's excellent texture and taste. The taffy is not overly viscous, and the texture is consistently chewy and soft. I personally feel like the taffy is on the sweeter side but I like my candies that way! I always pick different flavors to try and usually end up getting 10 different taffies haha. Aforementioned is my suggestion on which taffies to definitely grab.((Ambiance/Location))Carousel Taffy is everything magical and child-like as you can imagine. There are bright colors everywhere and displays of carousel horses around the store. The taffies are placed upon barrels and there are other assortments of candies as well. Although antique-looking, CT is a visually exciting store that brings back old childhood memories.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2008,11/11/2008,948,916,17,19,17>CHEAP FOOD! TACOS $1.25 EACH... BURRITOS $3.75 EACHMy BF and I came here today and sampled their different tacos. We popped each other's lengua and cabeza cherries! HOLLAAsada: Not that great. Had a weird 'barnyard' taste to it. Can't explain it... 2/5Pollo: Juicy and good... 5/5Carnitas: BF had these and said they were dry. He didn't like it... 2/5Cabeza: What exactly is this? Cow brain? Anyway, it wasn't TOO bad... 3/5Lengua: Very tender. Reminded me of a filipino stew (pinapaitan) for some reason. Again, it wasn't as bad as anticipated. Good, actually... 4/5Pastor: Spicy and moist meat. Good... 5/5A few gripes about this place would just be about the lack of salsa available. They do have those economy sized bottles of Tapatio on every table, but I love my pico de gallo and red and green salsas. Also, no free chips and salsa. Maybe that's how they can afford their low prices. Service was fast and friendly. They call out your numbers in Espanol though, so listen up! Oh and they close at 9 pm.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,11/10/2008,1071,862,37,30,30>All of my friends know that I drink only the finest malt liquor and like to snack on lead tainted candy from Mexico. Grewal liquor has these offerings and more! They have pre paid phone cards, a variety of snack cakes, beef jerky, chips, and soda to cure the munchies, and all kinds of beer and liquor! They even sell Sparks! I think the thing that sets this Grewal apart from the rest is the fact that they have a kick ass taqueria in the back of the store. Make this your stop the next time you have friends over. You can find just about everything you need here. Frat party? They have limes and Corona dudes! Gangsta party? They sell Hennessy, Crown, Hypnotic, and a firme assortment of malt liquor!
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2008,11/9/2008,632,224,26,26,25>Yogurtland asserts itself to be the nation's FIRST and ONLY self-serve yogurt shop and the cup reads:"Yogurt is loaded with Calcium you need to Strengthen your Bone and Teeth.  Yogurt Strengthens and Stabilizes the Immune System.Yogurt can Lower Cholesterol and Build Clear Skin.Active Cultures in the Yogurt can improve Digestive System.  Yogurt can help Overcome Lactose Intolerance."That is almost as rich as an article my dad read in a Korean daily about how bowling will help me live longer and improve quality of life.  (Seabowl review, yelp.com/biz/sea-bowl-pa)One need only to go as far as competing Frozo in Santa Clara and Icebee in SOMA to discredit the whole self-swirl originality representation, but IF the above statements in the passage are true, each of the following must also be true EXCEPT:A. Yogurt can boost your IQB. Yogurtland serves yogurtC. Yogurt will help perk up your sexual driveD. Yogurt may enhance your breasts but no more than 2 cup sizesE.  With yogurt, you can make new friends and be popular!Answer: B.  Just because yogurt is the Elixir of Youth doesn't mean Yogurtland actually serves yogurt.  (See Lisa Sutton, et al. v. Pinkberry, Inc., et al. Los Angeles Superior Court, Case No. BC370909)  But maybe they do.  I'll never know.Bottom line is:  I ain't eating yogurt to get pretty, people.  So if you, like me, have resigned yourself to forget about Pinkberry--the norcal diaries--and instead look to local knock-offs to feed a similar addiction, then waddle on down and grab a spoon.Now for my 500th, I'm going to go out on a limb here and actually post some useful tidbits:-LEFT to RIGHT, single file.  Step out of line or cut and my friend may just roundhouse kick you.-YL features 14-16 different flavors you can self-swirl (strawberry, pistachio, peach tart, original tart, mango tart, vanilla, taro, green tea, among others...13-15 are superfluous but great distractions for other patrons, leaving more original tart for me)-"Non-fat" not quite icy yet not quite creamy style-33 different toppings (including mochi and azuki beans.  For the first week of GRAND OPENING, I was disappointed to find the sweet rice dried out with a hard film. Blech.)So far so...so-so.-But the 4 star qualifier?  $0.30 per ounce, which equates to approximately half the $ it costs for the same amount of yogurt/toppings @ Pinkberry!
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2008,11/8/2008,176,249,9,12,12>We came across this place after walking out of Dick's Bakery where we had ordered up a birthday greeting to be inscribed on a Burnt Almond cake. We had intended to pick it up after killing an hour at Gunther's across the street .. but then saw this place almost right next door and decided.. what the heck.. Let's see what they got. This place doesn't have the most prominent location or the nicest setting (located in what must be one of the *oldest* most non-descript corner strip-malls in this section of San Jose).. and from the outside, it looks *very* tiny. Once you step inside.. it's a lot more spacious.The food is .. well.. breakfast food .. good enough .. I had me an order of chicken-apple sausage, scrambled eggs and hash browns.. it was fine.. if I had the morning over would I go here or to Gunther's?  Hmm.. I think I woul've chosen Gunther's .. just for the variety and the option of heavy oh-why-did-I-mmm-eat-that Germanic fare.. but this place.. taken on it's own is nice enough.. and a good addition to that corner..
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2008,11/7/2008,736,972,28,25,26>If you know me, or have seen me at the club, then you know I will dance...just NOT well.  I am all booty shaking, and no coordinated steps.    Seriously folks, I used to be all the rage back in the day.  Picture an old college bar or auditorium with boys just lining up for a chance to shimmy with me on dance floor.  Really?  NO, but seriously, I had SOME groove back in the day.Fast forward to NOW.It appears I misplaced my rhythm in Moraga and Texas.  In an attempt to get it back, I parlay in dance classes from time to time.  ENTER Daniele and Kim from Wicked Dance and Fitness, both great tutors on my journey to dance domination.   I attended the Grand Opening UYE a couple of weeks ago and had an absolute blast. The venue was clean and welcoming, with plenty of parking to match.  In addition, the staff was courteous, friendly,  and eager to help and answer questions.  Folks, it was truly packed in Willow Glen that night, and with reason!  It seems like all WG business owners were out in full force supporting Bernice and her crew at their new location.  The schedule for the grand opening was as follows:Up first with Zumba was Daniele.  Batting second was Kim with Hip Hop.  Sexy on the mind?  Hitting clean up was the owner herself, Bernice with Wicked Dolls.And not to be forgotten, contemporary with Kim was the last person to the plate.  Truth be told, I had taken one of Kim's classes before.  Something hip hop.  It was good, but I found myself having 2 left feet, and too much hip movement.  To her credit, she would turn around, politely smile, wink, and tell me I had it down.   In fact, looking back, I had tried one of Daniele's routines before as well.  If you need to sweat, she is your girl.  Not only great music, but she brings on the sweat!   Great instructors, great teachers with Kool-aid smiles all around...how could you not be motivated right?   The grand opening was a hit!  Lots of shiny happy people, snacks (uhurm-you know who you are evil temptress with your red velvet bites) and booty shaking!   I even decided to go back for a zumba class, since I was that impressed.  Good time and joy all around.
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,11/6/2008,3171,1316,17,20,19>I completed my Cupcake Fun class this evening with Julie.I learned how to make delicious cupcakes and then decorated them with different frostings. There were 10 students in the class and each student received instructions, recipes, and at least 6 cupcakes to work on, and take home. We learned the following recipes:Red Velvet with cream cheese frostingBoston Cream with chocolate icingCoconut with butter cream icingGraham Cracker with peanut butter frostingBanana Pineapple with cream cheese frostingLemon Cake with Lemon Filing and Lemon ButtercreamChocolate Filled CupcakesCost is $65.00The evening classes starts at 7PM and ends at 9PM. Julie was informative and answered all of my baking questions. Her assistant, Patty, was helpful with refilling the pastry bags with different fillings and frostings.The peanut butter frosting on the graham cracker cupcake is to die for. I will definitely make them and post on my cupcake blog. Yummy in my tummy! The recipe alone is worth the $65!A definite upgrade from Michael's cake decorating classes!They also sell cake supplies such as powdered sugar, liners, decorator tips, etc. and I bought a few things for the 10% student discount.Teacher, fun, friends, and experience = 4 starsMinus one star for being in the back room of a store. I felt so illegal back there.All in all, I enjoyed my class, met new friends (hi Dani) and will return for future classes (Cocoa 101, Cream Puffs, and Christmas Cakes). Whoo hoo!
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2008,11/5/2008,386,181,6,11,9>I don't feel like I can give this restaurant justice with my review because it was so damn good.  I don't know how to best capture it's essence.  I'm horrible at recreating the wonderfully descriptive menu titles if I don't write them down.   With that said...I have to agree with many of my fellow Yelpers - this was one of the best meals I've ever had.  I live in Los Angeles and am used to expensive restaurants that are mostly hype and that's about all. So, I'm generally skeptical when the entrees don't have prices.They offer a 3-course meal for $64:  you get an appetizer, entree and dessert (or as they call it "sweets").  The menu changes daily .  They pride themselves on the fact that they cook with all organic vegetables and buy from local farms and growers.  So, not only are you eating great cuisine, you're being environmentally friendly.It's a Bradley Ogden restaurant, which I hear means big things in the Bay.  His son just opened a restaurant in West Hollywood that I will definitely have to check out now.Our server was extremely knowledgeable.  She knew her wines and was able to suggest wines to accompany the appetizers we ordered.   We asked her what dishes she recommended and she described everything in a way that made us wish we could have a sampler platter.Back to the food - before the appetizer, we were served a cucumber and fennel gazpacho, compliments of the chef, we were told.  It was amazing!  How can such a small amount of liquid hold so much goodness?  The gazpacho was incredibly fragrant, it was as though the cucumbers were singing, "You know you want some."  It also had a little kick and even my esophagus was in awe.  For an appetizer I had a fennel bisque, mixed with some other goodness, that was phenomenal.   I remember thinking that I wish I could have someone cook it for me everyday.For the entree I ordered a new york steak, atop caramelized onions with toybox squash.  Again, one of the best steaks I've ever had.  Juicy, flavorful and the combination of the warm steak with the chilled squash was a great contrast.  Our server suggested I order a "flight" of spicy red wines.  I took her up on her suggestion and had a trio of 3 different wines to complement my steak - a Spanish riojo, a Napa Valley cabernet and Australian Syrah.  They were all excellent and the bartender was very liberal with the wine.  Each glass was to be 2oz, but I'm pretty sure in total I had 10oz. of wine between the 3 glasses.  For dessert, I ordered a fruit crepe with honey-lemon ice cream.  I was nervous about the ice cream because I'm not a big fan of honey, but of course, it was wonderful.  The ice cream together with the raspberries and blueberries made for a terrific end to a fabulous meal.  Besides the unbelievably delectable food and the fantastic service, I also liked that the portions were just right.  Too many restaurants these days overfill plates with more than the average person can and should eat.  Here, everything is just about the right size.  By the end of the 3-courses, I felt satiated, without feeling like I overindulged.I will DEFINITELY be returning the next time I am in town!
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,11/4/2008,378,778,13,16,15>This place has always been one of my favorite Indian/Pakistani places to eat and I keep forgetting to Yelp it! I miss living in Santa Clara because I would eat here all the time!We'll start with the obvious....1) yes the people that work there are unfriendly and look like they don't want to be there2) the decor is...well there really isn't a decor! It sort of resembles a cafeteria style place. Not sure where all the holes on the wall came from Hmmmmmmm....maybe it really is a true "hole in the wall" =P3) Not the cleanest and prettiest place to eat.BUT...the food rocks and is worthy of 5 stars!!! The portions have gotten significantly smaller since we started coming here but its an easy dinner for me and my husband for less then $20.  It's still a great deal for what you are getting. Another downfall...I hate that my tummy cannot handle Indian spices!!!! =(
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2008,11/3/2008,140,129,32,23,24>My dogs LOOOOVE me after I eat here.  They follow me around sniffing and licking me.  My intestines HAAAATE me after I eat here.  All that beef and raw garlic.I like this place.  Every time I go I get all nostalgic and miss Korea.  Dont forget to leave your jacket in the car.  One of these days Im going to try eating with one of those lab suits on complete with hair cover.  "Lovely aroma you have there Mr. L.""Why thank you..its eau de boeuf"  Meat and soju.  Yin and Yang.  Ebony and Ivory.  Pitt and Clooney.  It just works on so many levels.Davids bottom line-  Whered the mushrooms go???  Sigh bring back the mushrooms!!!!!!  If we all keep asking for the mushrooms maybe they will add them back to the menu.  Solidarity my friends.
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,11/1/2008,879,323,19,26,22>Saizo is definitely a solid izakaya restaurant.  Saizo serves traditional Japanese small plates and skewers.  It is less like Gochi (fusion tapas) but instead much more similar to the style of Tanto (traditional tapas).  We ordered pork belly*, lamb garlic*, enoki bacon*, grilled squid in sauce*, rib eye wrapped around green onion, agedashi tofu, grilled eel, grilled beef tongue, and yaki onigiri.  The starred items are the ones I would definitely recommend, the others were pretty good, and the yaki onigiri is a pass.  Note that when you order at Saizo, ordering and pricing is normally per skewer or per piece.  For example, if you have 3 people, you will need to specify 3 lamb garlic skewers or 3 agedashi tofu (unless you're splitting).  Pictures: yelp.com/biz_photos/xoU4Note:  Saizo is crazy hard to find, as it does not have a well-lit sign.  It is in the shopping center across Remington from In N Out, right next door to the Spice Hut.
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,9/10/2013,386,237,2,6,8>So how authentic is Tacos Al Carbon, really? Well, let's put it this way - you better warm up your 'grito del mariachi', because you're going to need it. I can't attest to the atmosphere in the evenings (though I do need to go check it out sometime). What I CAN attest to is how accommodating they are to a group of guys looking to watch a soccer match at 9AM. They were still cleaning up from the night before and they hustled to clean up the bar so we could sit near the TV. Now THAT is Latin hospitality, people. If there's one thing I have a soft spot for, it's a good old fashioned Mexican breakfast. Tacos El Carbon has plenty of options and, boy, do they deliver. I had the 'huevos montados' (their take on steak and eggs) and I couldn't ask for anything more - two eggs sitting atop a perfectly-seaasoned & cooked piece of steak. Couple that with a sizable helping of rice, beans and tortillas and you have a breakfast that may best my mother's own cooking (don't tell her, though). Worthy of note: their salsa has quite the kick to it. Be sure to have water (or, better yet, a beer) nearby. Tacos El Carbon has officially become my crew's spot for morning futbol. I can't imagine how much fun it is at night but I'll have to find out soon.
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,9/9/2013,339,216,6,9,10>I don't know why I haven't written a review for this place yet. It's one of my regular spots when I feel like getting out of the house with some friends!I love love love the San Pedro part of DT! Old Wagon is a super chill place to come hang out, have a few beers, watch the game, and play some beer pong. It can get pretty crowded here though, especially when there's a game or it's a weekend night. But at least the crowd is cool! Diverse crowd, everyone is easy going, chill, and just looking to kick back. Unlike the other part of downtown where the clubs/lounges are packed with kids who can't hold their alcohol and end up looking for fights once the clubs are out. SMH.The Security/bouncers here are pretty cool too...a refreshing change of pace to the typical power-trippin' bouncers at other spots. I once came to Old Wagon wearing a white peacoat bc it was slightly drizzling that night. The guy checking IDs stamped my wrist and then kindly told me to be careful as he didn't want the fresh ink to stain my coat sleeve. What a guy! And the cherry on top? They allow dogs in the outdoor patio area. Beer pong for me, and table scraps/people watching for my furry friend. :) PLUS!
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,9/8/2013,853,359,14,12,14>Dark, dirty, delicious. Noel said it well, this place is the dive bar of pizza places. The pizza is cheap but surprisingly good. Now if you're on a diet look elsewhere, but if you just want to get your hands on some greasy goodness then this is your spot! The buffalo wings were really tiny (quail sized) but also surprisingly good. My friends and I came here during game 7 of the Sharks v. Kings series :( Pints were $2 during the game. Great deal but I don't know what the prices are normally. During the game a guy dropped off potato skins for our table. He didn't work there. We didn't order them. A little odd...but hey. My only gripes with the place: worst napkins I've ever tried to use. I went through about 3 trees worth while I was enjoying my wings. Also the water tasted like it was infused with essence of gym sock. Yum! Also the TV's were pretty bad quality. Other than that this place delivers on some good pizza and a pretty good spot to watch a game.
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,9/7/2013,405,378,7,10,8>~Classic Loft Atmosphere, Plenty of seating and versatile space~I came with a couple friends for Sunday Brunch.Ordered:Build your own omelet - Cheese, spinach and mushroomChicken Salad and Tomato soupThe omelet was good, the sides were better.  The soup was lumpy but good.  The salad was big.  I saw the DJ speakers in the corner and the outdoor patio...Potential.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,9/6/2013,354,419,5,8,6>My absolute favorite breakfast spot in the south bay.We usually go to the other location but after coming to this location, I think we'll start coming here instead. Not only is this location bigger, but they accept credit card! YAY!Both locations are the same, so I'll basically write the same review:- I LOVE their herb potatoes. The herb taste is not too powerful and their potatoes are always so crunchy on the outside and soft in the inside, never burnt. Perfecto!- Their corn beef hash is amazing. When I wasn't pregnant, this used to be the dish I'd always get. I get it with an over easy egg and I would put some corn beef hash over my toast with some eggs -- mmm so savory and delicious. - My second favorite dish is their breakfast blt sandwich. Cheese, ham, bacon, fried egg, tomato and lettuce on a grilled sourdough bread. Simple yet so yummy.Their cinnamon roll looks SO GOOD. I usually come with just the hubby, so with our breakfasts dishes, a cinnamon roll on top of that would be just too much. I'm waiting until we come with more people to tackle that dish. Can't wait!
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,9/5/2013,110,73,6,8,9>I always start a review by asking myself "why didn't they earn 5 stars?" I can't think of a reason this Patxi's didn't earn 5 stars. This place has some of the best pizza in the bay and one of the best happy hours that I know of. The service has always been excellent.The deep dish pizza is always excellent and the appetizers kick ass! I'm a fan of the sausage, mushroom and bell pepper pizza. Be adventurous and try The Greek, you'll thank me. There's no meat on it and you probably won't miss it. The meatball is my favorite appetizer, it's got beef and pork and one of those crumbly Italian cheeses with tomato sauce and some bread and I'm lusting after it right now. For happy hour they offer 1/2 price draft beers, appetizers and snack pizzas. Remember to tip on the full price, not the discounted prices!
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,9/4/2013,562,163,4,8,4>I was feeling under the weather yesterday and had a strong craving for hot & sour soup. Lucky for me, the bf offered to pick up to-go after work for me. I called in the order and they quoted us 20 minutes...they ended up taking well over 45 minutes, which was due to the fact that they were catering food.Normally, a wait like that would really bother me and would warrant a lower rating but their food is just too darn good to bash on them. This time around we ordered their sesame bread/pancake item that many people talk about and their house special chow fun with fresh cut noodles. Their sesame bread was HUGE (bigger than my face) and was surprisingly delicious, moist on the inside and crunchy on the outside!   I have dubbed it the Chinese Pizza, since it was served in a pizza box and the shape of it resembles one. I would suggest ordering this with a big group as my bf and I barely put a dent in this and only ate 1/4 of it. Their soup was again on point and was perfect for my cold. Their house special noodles were pretty good, but with the thickness of the noodles, i wasn't able to eat too much of it. The bf really liked them though. I will definitely be back and am excited to try other items on their menu!
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,9/3/2013,490,412,8,14,10>Do you remember the Sesame Street song "One of these things, doesn't belong here...".  That's the feeling I had when I first ventured inside Angie's Pizza Italian.It's not your typical pizza place.  If you're expecting a place where you can sit down and experience Italian ambiance to go with your Italian food or pizza, well this is not the place for you.  As others said, it feels more like a Mexican restaurant than an Italian place.However, if you're expecting the best tasting pizza with a nice crunch on the crust and abundant toppings, well take one to go, eat it immediately, and savor the goodness of my favorite, the Angie's Special.Tip - if you do have leftovers, heat it in a frying pan to crisp up the crust.  Thanks Julie K for the advice.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,9/2/2013,436,200,9,13,10>Had made reservations for 20 for Hannah C.'s birthday 4/30. A few people flaked the day of so I had called in to change the reservation to 16. When we arrived at 8, our table was ready to go, but it turns out that 19 people decided to show up. At this point I thought the staff would be somewhat annoyed, but they were so accommodating it made me feel at ease.Our server Teddy was AMAZING! He went down the menu with us as group explaining what's what in the most descriptive way possible. Teddy definitely made me want to eat EVERYTHING on the menu :) Unfortunately being the newly vegan that I am, my options were limited. However, Teddy assured me that the chef could put something together for me... WOW! I was thoroughly impressed with the service and attentiveness received by Teddy and the rest of the staff. Having worked in a restaurant, I know how frustrating and irritating it can get serving a group of 10+. They handled us very well and treated us like anyone else in the restaurant. Service fell nothing short of perfect -- thank you all :)On to the food...After reviewing the menu and going back and forth with Teddy, I finally decided on the Roasted Baby Red Beets & Mâche Salad (grapefruit, Navel orange segments, toasted pinenuts and lemon vinaigrette). OMG the beets in this salad are to die for!! So scrum-dee-lee-umptious! I was a bit skeptical about the fruits incorporated in this salad, but it worked so very well! I'm salivating as I write this review :3 I also got the braised cabbage which was also delicious. My friends loved their dishes as well.Since it was Hannah C.'s birthday, they brought out a bread pudding dessert. My friends were pretty much having a spoon fight over each bite -- cute, but only made me want to go un-vegan right then and there! Presentation was beautiful.In all, had a wonderful experience at this place. Yeah, it's a little small, but it makes everything that much more intimate. I highly recommend this place for any special occasion or just for the heck of a nice meal :) WILL BE BACK (with less people :P)
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,9/1/2013,282,253,7,9,8>There is a bizarre feeling about this place, and I always am drawn to things that are a bit "off". Driving past a dump in order to get here makes me think perhaps where mobsters would like to "take care" of things on their way to work. (Do mobsters even work?) Anyway, once you approach the refuge it suddenly gives you the feeling that you are in a school bus heading out for a field trip.Wonderful visitor center and a good amount of parking. As you head toward the back of the visitor center you walk along a raised platform that sits a couple feet above the marsh. We were first met with a couple of black stilts chattering away and making a lot of noise ... at us! I see a tiny baby scurrying behind one of the parents, and they are still vocalizing their disapproval at our presence.Since we arrived on a day that the refuge closed early, we didn't stray too far off. We found a small dock that sat right along the water, and grabbed our binoculars to birdwatch. Mallards, Cinnamon Teal, Ruddy Ducks, American Avocets were a few birds we saw in the short amount of time we spent there.We will definitely make this a regular stop to birdwatch and walking.
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,5/1/2013,304,267,21,20,19>Food + Service + Prices = AS GOOD AS IT GETS = 5 STARS for this place!!!While mobbin thru the small town of Cupertino I got the craving for Korean, so I popped in my Gangnam Style cd and started dancing in my car and in the process I also got the craving for some Korean FOOD!?!So my Yelp app finds Kong Tofu and BBQ Korean Cuisine which had a 4 star rating already, so I google mapped my way over to this spot.  The wait can be really long as I encountered this leaving the restaurant but we got there right as they opened at 5pm, no wait at all!...The place is pretty big, service is exceptional, and they have their own private lot for parking.  Let's breakdown the amazing food:Starters - the Banchan is amazing and they keep coming back to your table to refill as soon as it runs out, very attentive!yelp.com/biz_photos/kongSoft Tofu Soup (Mild) - amazing, the best tofu hot pot soup i've ever had.  They also have 3 flavors to choose from: Very mild, mild, medium, hot, and very hot!yelp.com/biz_photos/kongKorean Short Ribs - real good quality meat, decent portions, also they brought them out real fast!yelp.com/biz_photos/kong***Free Deserts, they give you this small bottle of a liquid like yogurt, really good!I don't have one bad thing to say about this place, if you are craving Korean, then COME HERE!!!
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,4/30/2013,879,323,8,11,15>So many good yakitori/izakaya restaurants in the South Bay, each with their own specialities that I crave.  Sumiya has been on my to-try list for so long, but I always tend to end up at my usual favorites spots. Finally got to try this place on a much-needed girls' night.  It was quite crowded for a Monday night, which surprised us, but we got a spot at the sushi bar after about 30 minutes.  We lived up to our foodie cravings by having quite a few plates along with our a cold one to wash it all down:- hamachi carpaccio- fried burdock root- chicken heart skewers- deep fried tofu two ways (bonito and nori)- beef tongue skewers- bacon wrapped eringi mushrooms- scallops skewers- pork belly skewers- beef tendon skewersAll of this hit the spot.  I especially liked fried tofu plate, both the nori and bonito versions. The beef tongue and pork belly skewers are both always favorites of mine.  I also recommend the eringi mushrooms, particularly better than the bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms that most other places (including Sumiya) do.Overall, a solid spot to have some grilled skewers and plates.  Itadekamsu!
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,4/29/2013,692,1648,11,12,13>WOW, another great experience here. I actually was not in the mood for soon doo boo (tofu stew) at all, but the family wanted to come, and I wasn't paying, so why not?We came early on a Tuesday, so we had most of the restaurant to ourselves. We had the sweetest lady for a waitress. She was like the sweet mom from next door. I felt bad to keep asking her for refills on our banchans, but she smiled and did not seem to mind each time. They had this new banchan that we never had before, a radish like vegetable, chayote, in a pickled vinegar sauce. Delicious! My mom said she's noted to make herself in the future.I was feeling extra ravenous and wanted to order an appetizer, like the seafood pancake or the spam/kimchee pancake. But with me saying that, my mom chimed in and said she wanted the dduk bok ki (spicy rice cake) with squid and ramen. I don't care for dduk bok ki but was okay with the ramen and squid part. The waitress also recommended it, so took that as a good sign.Our tofu stews came out shortly after, and I went with the dumpling tofu, super spicy (the hottest). Out of all my experiences, this was the spiciest it's tasted, and it was oh so delicious! Little brother agreed as well, and loved it.Then the dduk bok ki came out, it was huge! But it was $15, so I'm glad it was a big portion. She gave us 4 small plates and I put some ramen, one rice cake, some veggies and squid onto my plate. Took a bite, and literally, I was having a little party in my mouth! The sauce was different than other places, and it just had that extra zingggg to it that made me want more and more and more. My soon doo boo was completely ignored as I dug into the dduk bok ki even more. We all agreed this was one of the best we had, and for me, who usually doesn't care for this dish, means a lot. Then my mom said this would be good with the rice, so I dump sauce and MORE CARBS onto CARBS, and again, food-gasm in my mouth! Was so glad the family decided to come here, and my parents knew this time to order the sizzling rice stew in advance and said it was one of the best they had. Will definitely be regulars here!
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,4/28/2013,127,542,5,9,7>I love the fact there's no shortage of Indian restaurants in the south bay and even better that there's lots of great ones around! This is definitely a great place! Little India Cafe is situated in a small strip mall next to some office buildings so you would think this place is only open during business hours, but it's not! So at dinner time there was no crowd, but that doesn't mean there weren't patrons eating or people getting take out.Their menu has a wide selection from different types of curry, tandoori dishes, lamb and chicken entrees and even wraps. It was hard to make a decision but we opted for the:*Tandoori chicken - delicious! It's a generous serving too, but cooked just right and with the right amount of spices.*Paneer tikki masala - this was my first time having this and I loved it. Who knew cheese and spiced together would taste amazing! It wasn't spicy and I even thought it was a bit sweet (maybe something with the cheese?) I don't know but either way, I enjoyed this. Out of all the dishes ordered, this was my favorite.*Dal makhani - this was also my first time having this dish - it's creamy spiced lentils.  Now, I will say this was a little spicy, but I liked it. To go with this we ordered the garlic naan and roti, both were good and went well with the dishes. But, I think we didn't order enough so maybe an order of rice would've been good (mmm more carbs).The portions were fairly large. Service was ok.  Place is your typical hole in the wall so don't expect fine dining, but do expect great food and low prices.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,4/27/2013,211,504,3,6,7>This restaurant is locally owned and it shows. The owners are so caring about the satisfaction of their customers. My boyfriend and I came here the second week it opened, so they came by with samplers of food. I ordered the lunch special- it came with my shwarma on pita, fries, and a drink.Fries: unexpectedly AMAZINGShwarma: gigantic, filling, although I wish it was more saucy and messyDrink: can of colaOne of the samplers was falafel, which made me regret my shwarma decision. perfectly cooked and crispy- i will be back to order this.The ambiance was especially nice as well. On a sunny day, there are a couple tables to sit outside.
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,4/26/2013,345,355,8,9,10>Nice mix of places here, Falafel, Taco Bar, Crepes, and more plus B2 coffee.  It's better to come here when the weather is good and you can sit outside, but there seems to be just enough indoor seating on cold days as well (just check where B2 is for extra seating if there is none in the main area).  Food seem to range from average to above average.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,4/25/2013,225,592,8,15,12>Despite all the good reviews, I've always been a bit wary of bbq places. But after tasting the food, experiencing the great service, and listening to the live blues music playing on a Friday night, I was sold. Food was 4 stars, but what really bumped it was the music, reminiscent of the blues/jazz scene in Chicago. I went with the 3 meat combo of beef brisket (half fatty, half lean), one hot link, and two ribs. My friend also ordered the chicken lollipops and draft root beer for us to try. The bacon covering the chicken was sweetened with honey, and chicken was nicely cooked. The root beer had a strong licorice and vanilla flavor and perhaps maybe a bit too sweet, but they blended nicely since I'm not normally a fan of licorice. The flavors of all the bbq meats were good. Ribs and beef were nice and tender though not exactly fall off the bone, and the bbq sauce was fantastic! Sweet, tangy, but not too overpowering. I tried the mac n cheese and the coleslaw as sides. Mac n cheese was super cheesy and a bit peppery, and I totally loved it. The coleslaw provided a lightness that I needed after eating so much meat. Corn bread was also delicious. The outside of the muffin was so crunchy and sweet.Even though the music was a bit loud to have a decent conversation, I would go again just to enjoy the atmosphere. And if it gets too crowded/busy, just get it to-go, cuz it's delicious!
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,4/24/2013,1125,189,12,21,16>Ohhh yessss! So glad I found this place because I fully intend on becoming a regular here.Walia's is located in a strip mall, but is really nice on the inside. They have a pretty extensive menu which features salads, appetizers, veggie dishes, and lots of meat dishes. I was happy to see that this place was pretty bustling on a Friday night as it is definitely a gem. We got the meat combo ($16) and the veggie combo ($15) (see picture). For my party of three, this was the perfect amount of food and we actually left feeling just a tad stuffed (not a bad thing!!). The veggie combo included Miser (red lentils), Alcha (split peas with turmeric), Gomen (collard greens), Atkilt Wot (cabbage, carrot, and potatoes), and Shiro (split peas). The meat combo had two types of beef stew, chicken stew, and lamb. The two beef stews actually tasted the same to me, but it was one of my favorite things on the plate so I didn't really mind. Everything was pretty mild and was not spicy at all. However, I'm sure that they have some spicier options on the menu for all of you fire breathers out there. Really well prepared Ethiopian food with fresh ingredients and the combos cannot be beat. I think it's also a great choice for anyone who is thinking of trying Ethiopian food for the first time. I will definitely be back! :)
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/22/2013,475,273,5,9,5>Online, do-it-yourself appointment booking. CHECK.Conveniently located on the way home from work. CHECK.Easy parking in a private lot. CHECK.Super sweet and friendly Sue Ann, the best airbrusher in town. CHECK.Getting the most even, natural, beautiful glowing tan one has ever received. CHECK, CHECK, CHECK.A+ for Sue Ann and her airbrushing abilities!! It doesn't hurt that she is so fun and easy to talk to either! You'll wish your appointment was longer just to keep chatting!  But alas, she makes sure you are in and out in about 15 minutes.  15 minutes for up to 15 days worth of an awesome tan!  Love this gal and her skills :)
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/21/2013,395,136,7,13,12>Slice+Salad+Soda lunch special for $10. What was this place thinking? Were they trying to be successful or something??... Well I guess they succeeded. I work in the Pruneyard Shopping Center but I just tried Patxi's last week. I liked it so much I decided to come back two days later. The best part about any pizza is the crust. Crust can be too soggy, not crunchy enough, or just flat out nasty. Quality pizza crust consists of a light and fluffy bottom and crispy sides. Any sogginess will ruin the entire pizza. Luckily for Patxi's, they have mastered their crust. Go check it out! You won't be disappointed. They even have vegetarian options....
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,12/20/2010,176,249,5,7,7>This is a kudos to the Rep for its staging of "The Weir," from now until 2/23/2010.This play is entirely some people talking in an Irish pub. A rather small country pub, located, apparently, in a rather isolated area, run as a sort of a sideline on the property of a guy who is also running a sheep farm. And aside from it being a warm place to drop into on a cold, wet, and miserable night, not much else. (No disco! NO KARAOKE!). What this place does have is its patrons.. its regulars.. and its visitors.. all bringing to the premises the gift of Irish gab.. Patrons in a small isolated Irish country pub..  standing around drinking, trading hellos, dirt, barbs, and stories of the ghostly, more ghostly, and personal variety and the stories are quite enough of others then of themselves are quite enough to hold us spellbound through the evening.. that and just . enough slightly unseemly barroom behavior to keep things interesting and make one cringe slightly in self-recognition.A final kudos to the designers of the set. It is just the inside of a single room pub, but a cozier more warmly inviting little barroom and fireplace arrangement would be hard to imagine.. I was kinda feeling the urge to climb up on the SJ Rep stage and go up to the bar and order a drink myself!
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,12/19/2010,515,371,16,13,13>The best karaoke spot hands-down!  If you know me well, you know that I love me some karaoke.  Since it just opened this year, all the private rooms are new and spacious.  The touch-screen machines are loaded up with all the latest and greatest English songs.  They also have songs in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. The other night we pushed all the seats in the center to the side and we had our own mini stage/dance floor!  They have real music videos like Jay-Z, Beyonce, Lady GaGa! No more videos of random Asian chicks wandering in a field looking wistfully into the distance.  On top of that, they have LCD TVs, multiple wireless microphones, and a great sound system.  Music Tunnel is open all hours of the night.  Sun-Thur 11am to 11pmFri and Sat 11am to 2amLast check out is at 4amLast Saturday was my second visit and it was even better than the first!  This place can convert anyone into a karaoke singer.  My boyfriend told me he hated karaoke, but once he was in the room with all of us, he was singing non-stop!  Music Tunnel KTV is a great place to have fun with friends.  They serve food and pearl tea, but no alcohol.  Both times I went there, I had been doing a lot of drinking beforehand.  As long as you make sure to drink enough before you get there, you'll be fine!
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,12/18/2010,299,340,11,14,13>Knowing that Yelper extraordinaire CeCe C. gave NBC a 5-star review and fell in love with the lemon raspberry bundt cake, I knew exactly what to get to celebrate her birthday last weekend.I hopped online to see what flavors were available and discovered NBC has introduced a new goody: the Bundtini! These little morsels are just slightly smaller than a cupcake, don't sport the traditional bundt hole, and can be ordered by the dozen in any of the NBC flavors, for $16.50. I was in luck to see that lemon raspberry was February's flavor of the month, but since I'd be feeding a (SB)Crew of hungry Yelpers at a YEE, I decided to get two dozen assorted flavors.I emailed in my order, and Brent was super helpful. After explaining that CeCe is allergic to chocolate, I told him I wanted six each of the lemon raspberry, white chocolate raspberry, cinnamon, and--for the chocolate lovers--red velvet. He confirmed the order right away and said they'd be ready at the requested time. Even when I changed the cinnamon to chocolate chip via email, he confirmed right away.When I showed up I was surprised to see three boxes waiting for me. Brent told me his staff had substituted other flavors for the lemon raspberries since the month was over, but since he knew they were the birthday girl's favorite, he'd made them specially for her. Not only that, but he gave me a dozen for free because of the mix-up! He also made sure to package the chocolate ones in a separate box to avoid any allergy issues for CeCe.Not surprisingly, the Bundtinis were a hit at the party! I would definitely get them again, because they're delicious and also less expensive than buying cupcakes, at $1.38 a piece.Although I only got to try a red velvet Bundtini, I am still a fan of the moist cake and creamy frosting I remembered. But the fact that Brent went out of his way to provide excellent customer service earned NBC this 5-star review.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2010,12/16/2010,209,70,6,6,6>i gotta say that when I'm here, I feel like family.I don't know if it's an Italian thing or just plain good hearted nature.My first experience here was a doooozy!!! Since I love red pepper flakes so much, I usually always unscrew the lid and pour a mound of flakes onto whatever I'm about to devour. I guess not noticing (unlike me) a pebble fell out onto my poor stromboli. After I noticed it, I showed the owner who was extremely apologetic. I wasn't upset at all...just concerned...I'm happy I didn't chip a tooth....As we were walking up to the cashier to pay, I heard the sweet voice of an Italian women saying "No pay this time, we'll take care of it." It was Mama DiMaggio herself....I felt so special. My next visit was with another friend...we sat up at the bar-top during my lunch, tossed a few back and shared a large stromboli...PERFECT!I have only eaten the stromboli here...It taunts me upon entry. I can't help myself. I feel like I can get pizza anywhere...but the stromboli is a triple threat here....-----Tony's Stromboli-----Salami, pepperoni and ham all tucked away in a soft but crisp edged dough, baked to perfection...accompanied by oooey gooey American and mozzerella cheeses, and a sour yellow mustard... and alas comes the piping hot pizza sauce...they usually pour it right on top....But i prefer it on the side in case I don't have the balls to finish it, I take it home for someone else...or perhaps for my over-indulgent appetite....later when I have the munchies again.If you haven't tried this hole in the hall... you need a hole in the head...JK...but really....DO IT FOR YOURSELF....and if not for you... then your belly!
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,12/15/2010,455,236,12,10,9>I just went here last night for my friend's "Welcome Home/Graduation from Columbia University" party.  I must say that I never thought anyone would beat out Amici's thin crust pizzas, and no one has yet, but Pizza Antica came extremely close!What we ordered:Prince Edward Island Mussels with Saffron and Fresh Bay:  Not bad and not super good.  The mussels were quite small and the meat portion was probably the size of a dime.  Not worth it.  The shells were about 98% of the meal and unless you're a sea otter, that isn't a good thing.2 orders of Crispy Hearts of Artichoke with Aioli and Lemon:  I love me some Artichoke!  The little deep fried morsels were from heaven!  The sauce was tangy and very tasty and was a great complement to the Artichokes.  Spicy Fennel Sausage, Portobello Mushroom and Roasted Onion Pizza:  I love roasted onion!  Sure my breath "be kickin'," but who cares.  This pizza had the flavor of any ordinary sausage pizza, but the texture was amazing.  Sweet Corn, Bacon, Arugula and Basil Pizza:  This was my favorite pizza!  The sweet corn added another dimension to the pizza world!  I never thought of adding sweet cord to pizza but now I feel like it's almost a MUST.  You need to order this pizza.  We ordered two bottles of white wine, but I didn't read the label on what type it was.  Sorry!  The crust at Pizza Antica is fantastic and I would definitely consider Pizza Antica to be the #2 on my favorite thin crust pizza shops . . . right behind Amici's.  Ah yes, and the service was amazing.  The only problem is that I wish they hired more "non-blonds," not because I feel they are discriminating, but it was very difficult to determine which blond was our blond waitress!  They all looked the same!
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,12/14/2010,2523,2645,5,6,7>earlier arrival before reservation...dramm's cup...sweet citrus bourbon...good and easy drinking...slight peel bitter...$fourteen at the bar...instructions to wait...no particular wednesday....alexander's still bustling...lounging beside fireplace...awaiting table for two...reservation time and on-the-dot seating...immediate complimentary pair of champagne...bread variety basket, butter and salt next...drink requests...and, orders taken with perfect, orderly, professional and amicable service...an amuse-bouche surprise...scallop and cavier..subtle amusement of palate before appetizers...roasted foie gras over carrot puree with side of cranberries...most generous hunk of seared roasted foie gras....richness floating top toasted bread...tangy cranberries the perfect compliment....carrot puree a subtle blending of tastes....quite excellent in construction, taste, portion and price....second, a cheesy grilled romaine in anchovy caeser dressing...quite warm, roasty and toasty salad...lightly charred leafy greens presenting wonderful flavors...only warning being highly cheesy...full flavored hearty salad....both foie gras and romaine salad mostly highly recommended for sinful flavor indulgence start...small foaming genlatin bite before steaks..cleansing of palate...requested sides served....standard truffled french fries..crisp, earthy and par...maine lobster mac 'n' cheese...devilishly meaty creamy tasty sensation...worthy of praise and recommendation....the steak, bone in new york the favorite...deep dark red rare...corner pre-sliced to display perfection...marvelous dry aged meat....excellent texture...pure beef in raw rare form....slightly hindered by strong saucing....meal ending...a cake to celebrate...dinner indulgence for two at $two-hundred-twenty even....a pink cotton candy in hand....farewell alexander's!
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,12/8/2010,421,475,30,14,15>SoOOooO :) I wnated to check this place out. They all look very petite and 17 ! Girls in bathing suits, lingerie and one girl in a pastie + thong !The chairs angled towards the center and TVS where you can pretend you're lookin @ the screens but ur really being a perv n checking out the girls instead. LOL they have playing cards to entertain yourself and hip hop music. Coffee and everything else non alcoholic is $4. I think this is the best vietnamese coffee place ever ! vERy yummy yet slightly strong. I went yesterday night.Got very crowded. Lots of men, old white, viet, mexican. There's only a MEN's restroom. Which was odd, but I guess it makes sense?The negative 1 star is for the girl's boredom attitude. They should shake!
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,12/7/2010,568,706,7,9,7>Wow, I just found my favorite new fro yo place today! I've passed by this place soo many times and thought it'd be just like any other fro yo place, but I was wrong! First of all, it only costs .30 cents per oz. versus .34 cents in most places. Second of all, they have a lot of great flavors and not just tart ones. I don't care for most tart flavors but they do have a few tart flavors here. The flavors they have now are really good. I had a little of almost everything there! I started out with the Madagascar vanilla, then the cheesecake, then frozen lemonade passion fruit which was tart but I love passion fruit so I couldn't pass that up. I also got the peanut butter flavor, chocolate coconut, strawberry, and maybe one other flavor. My favorite flavors were the lemonade passion fruit. It wasn't that tart and had a decadent lemoncheescake flavor to it. I didn't detect any hint of passion fruit, but maybe that's because it sort of got mixed in with the cheesecake flavor? lol. The peanut butter flavor was very good. The rest was good too, but those two really stood out. I hope they keep those flavors around for awhile. Maybe I'll go back there tomorrow and get more of those two flavors. It's hard to beleive that most of the flavors are non fat.The store is clean but it can get to be very crowded. There is free water available with fresh strawberries in it which is nice-:) There is limited seating outside. Parking is usually not too hard to find despite it being in a popular shopping center. If you like fro yo, check this place out!
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,12/6/2010,556,284,9,16,9>I was a bit confused finding this place.  Directions said to make a u-turn on landess, damn Google!  Always making me drive the long way.  It's actually located inside the seafood supermarket in the Landess shopping plaza.WARNING:  Puffs may explode cream from all sides!  It will get messy, grab a lot of napkins.Talk about CREAM OVERLOAD!  Yeah, its nice to get more cream for your puffs considering how pricey they are, but too much is overkill.  I thought I was going to go on a cream coma.  I got the half dozen cream puffs for $11, I think I've had my beard papa's fix for a while.They have 2 everyday flavors- vanilla and chocolate.  Weekly flavors ranging from caramel, green tea, strawberry and forgot what the last one was.  I tried the caramel, vanilla and chocolate.  After they fill those little babies with cream they dust them with powdered sugar and cocoa powder for the chocolate one.  I've been to the beard papas in berkeley and they didn't offer beverages, but this location does which is nice.FYI: Cream puffs don't travel well and especially when its overloaded with cream.  Things can get a bit soggy.  So its best to eat it within 2-3 hours not 24 hrs as it states on their sticker.
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,12/5/2010,517,79,21,12,11>The Captain recently discovered Vietnamese sandwiches, or "banh mi" after hearing folks rave about em, on yelp. I had my first at the newly opened Dong Tien Bakery which was recently taken over by new owners. I did issue 4 stars in my review of them, but I digress. Huong Lan is a surprisingly large joint having a steam table area whereupon exotic comestibles such as duck and many things I couldn't readily identify, simmer in pans. I didn't sample them, having been lured... Nay! Compelled! To try their sandwiches, by 235 yelpers, who have blessed this place with a solid 4.4 star rating! Them's mighty strong stats considering the large number of reviewers. Wandering about inside, I was struck by the dazzling colors of a bewildering variety of Vietnamese victuals displayed in plastic wrap. Next time I go there, I am definitely bringing my camera! The sandwiches I bought along with one egg roll, were "gastrogasmic". Fresh baguette, delicately crispy on the outside, velvety soft on the inside, packed with a surprising amount of meat, along with mayo, and the usual veggies, which included bell pepper, thin sliced jalapeno, julienned daikon radishes and cilantro. Two sammies and an eggroll cost less than 6 bucks.Although I was expecting some delectable pickled cucumber in the sandwiches, I didn't taste any of that. Perhaps they were out? Anyway, the pork filling in one was savory and as delicious as I had anticipated, owing to the number of yelpers who raved about it. The sandwich with fried fish cake was my favorite. Not fishy tasting, and due to it's density, it absorbs little oil during frying. The golden brown crust seemed to consist of panko crumbs. It tasted like fresh fish. OOOH RA! The egg roll was a tad tepid and not very crisp, having lain in a steam table insert for who knows how long. However, the filling was spectacular! Savory, quite peppery, and very tasty chopped pork and cabbage. Except for the wrapper, it was the best Vietnamese style egg roll I have tasted.King Egg roll, House of Egg roll, you have been bested! Genuflect to your betters! In the name of The Mighty Pie Hole! I command thee! I can't wait get Ma over there and try some of that duck, every one has been raving about. Now a word about the neighborhood. The joint is on Tully road just east of the 101. Its one block west of S. King Rd. In a mini mall anchored by the Lucky Seven Supermarket, which The Captain strolled about in, and will review at a later date, because it is so interesting. If you're a "scaredy cat" round eye and are afraid of ethnic enclaves, or simply a snob, you are missing out on wonderful adventures in authentic cuisine, both Asian and Mexican, which exist side by side in the neighborhood. Ma and I glory in environs like this, and we're often found in them. This ain't East Oakland gringos!  (Even The Captain is afraid of that place.)  It is a vibrant diverse community in which all of the residents and visitors seem to get on with each other quite well thank you. Shed your fears, and trust that The Pie Hole will watch over you.  Go!  Eat!  See!  Enjoy! This and all other reviews posted on yelp.com by "Captain Pie Hole" are copyrighted 2009/2010 by Pie Hole Publishing. All rights reserved.
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2007,2/28/2008,32,15,6,22,17>I eat out everyday, so grocery stores are of no more than passing interest to me.  But my mom, who is a veritable master of Korean cooking (and I'm not just saying this because she's my mom), held a totally different view of Han Kook Supermarket when I took her last weekend on her visit from the good ol' Midwest.  BOY.  She just did not want to leave.  She raved about the quality and cheapness of the frozen fish and fresh fruit.  She praised the little red bean sweets we sampled at the bakery.  She oohed and aahed over the collection of beautiful hanbok (Korean traditional clothing).  Everything was something awesome in her eyes: the assorted kimchi bar, the cheap comfy woven slippers, the pre-marinated bulgogi, the canned Pacific saury, the adorable little cell phone charms, the dried persimmons on sale.  And even I ended up finding a couple items that piqued my interest: a $2 box of the Lotte Chocopies I grew up eating, and a random ointment my mom pressed upon me that's already done more for my eczema in one day than prescription creams have done in a year.  So yeah.  My mom flew back to Ohio this morning with only a box of dried persimmons to remember that trip to the grocery, but I'll be going back now and again, renewed by her enthusiasm.  Maybe I'll mail her some of my finds.EDIT: A couple people have written to me asking for the name of the eczema cream.  It's called Celestone-G.  All the warning labels and directions are in Korean :-P so if you can't read them, I would advise asking your doctor or testing it on a small patch of skin before you use it.
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,2/27/2008,1167,294,4,9,11>I've been going to this place for three days straight since I've discovered it. Aside from the regular vanilla or plain yogurt, they have about 6 special flavors daily, and they ALWAYS change. That graham cheesecake that you loved today will be gone tommorow. However, if you need some stability in your life, they've got the "flavor bursts" yogurt. Those flavors never change.You're allowed three samples if you're not sure what you're getting into.I suggest calling ahead, they've got an automated machine stating the flavors of the day. The flavored yogurt is delish on its on, so skip the toppings. The child size cup is pretty generous, and even good enough for two to share. If you're on the go, they've got lids if you ask.Parking is pretty okay, just a little small. It shares the same lot as McDonald's and a few stores.
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2008,2/26/2008,2074,1145,11,11,11>home of the big bang.first off, i do not approve of gun violence but in a controlled and non-violent environment, it felt awesome to be a bad*ss.plus the skyline drive on 35 was just gorgeous on a beautiful day.there were quite the bemused looks from the regulars.  not many blond asians with a dress and heels come here to shoot at  the outdoor targets.at first i was quite tentative with the 9mm beretta.  but soon, i was loading clips and shooting away.the office does sell ear and eye protective devices but my friend brought some with us.  you can purchase targets (bulls eyes) or the popular police training silhouette.you can also buy tacks from them or bring a staple gun to post the targets.  if you choose to shoot at water bottles - the max size is 1 gallon.  you have to bring those with you since they don't sell them.there are stringent rules: example: of times when you can shoot, clean and pick up your brass shells, set up your targets etc.  if you do something wrong, the guides are really helpful and will chastise you.  but it's all for safety reasons.  always have the gun pointed up if walking with it.  you can't move between stations with your gun so that it will never point at someone.no loaded weapons when it's a ceasefire (time to set up targets, clean up, etc)it is outdoors so there are no moving targets hence the 3 stars but it's great to get fresh air.  next time, i'll wear a more conservative dress but will keep the hot mama heels.  the shells are sharp and hot.  they fly back (hence the protective eye wear)  i have about ten burns on my chest and stomach since quite a few fell down my cleavage.  but nothing beats the adrenaline rush which is 5 stars.  personally, i like to go for the jugular.lastly, safety first! pls be responsible...and man, that was fun.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,2/25/2008,463,792,10,9,14>El Camino Real is, of course, Spanish for "Walk of the Liquor Stores" and not where I'd expect to find fantastic Mexican food. I was brought here by a dear old friend for lunch. Since we were coming from the Santa Clara University area and were a bit pressed for time, I was surprised that we drove past, oh, I'd say 42 Mexican places to get to El Amigo Burrito which, of course, is Spanish for "Am I going to the Donkey?"The food was fantastic. I had a combo plate with a crispy beef taco and a chicken ("pollo" for those of us who habla) tamale. The main items were tasty and so were the beans and rice.The service was a tad slow because it was in the middle of the lunch rush and the place was completely full. I was amazed to find that almost everyone in there seemed to be a regular. Impressive.The strip mall ambiance from the outside isn't all that great (it's next to a big billiard hall) but once you get in, it's got a nice family feel to it.If you're in the SC/Sunnyvale area, put this place into your rotation.
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,2/24/2008,156,263,13,17,12>If someone made a video game called "Taqueria Tycoon", it would look exactly like this. One look and you can tell El Paisa Taqueria has been through some major growth. First you see the grill. Then the giant truck. Then the little table with drinks. Then the salsa bar with the canopy. You'd think someone just pointed-and-clicked all these objects one day and poof! *one second applause* Point is, all of these things are a healthy sign of a growing business. The American dream right? Ironic, since 'paisa' is Spanish for 'countryman' and is used mostly as a slang word.  Thought provoking. My head just exploded.Absoultely love their straightforward menu. Tacos, mulitas and burritos. Carne asada and pastor only. This is a place that believes in offering two things and doing them right. A theory lost among many a restaurant. In-n-Out comes to mind, and we all know how much you love In-n-Out. The carne asada is the most tender and perfectly seasoned I've had anywhere in SJ and the pastor is juicy and moist, but not drippy with fat at all. Tacos are packed with fresh cilantro and onions and are made with handmade tortillas. The tortillas are amazingly soft yet durable enough to hold all that meat and that fresh corn flavor jumps out and hits you in the mouth. Everything offered here is simply amazing.I would give this place 6 or 7 stars. When its sunny and clear, this place turns into a scene. Everyone eats outside on their cars in the mini parking lot and guys bump durangense or ranchera music while whistling at high school girls walking by. Now I do not condone this act, but it makes for humorous early-dinner-theater. Good times indeed. This is the kind of place you bring an out of towner for a real SJ culture shock experience. Highly recommended, and will be a spot I visit every time I am in SJ.Cash only.
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,2/23/2008,1260,803,17,19,20>I GO FOR MINE!  I GOT TO SHINE!NOW THROW HANDS IN THE SKY!Thank you to Mark of Chic Limousine for setting up our elegant first class ride from San Jose to San Francisco!  KANYE WEST STYLE!!!   That's how we roll in South Bay / Silicon Valley!!!Theme Song for the South Bay Yelp Crew:  Good Life   youtube.com/watch?v=WDxrSince nobody wanted to drink and drive to the Yelp Holiday Event 2007, I decided to bring in Chic Limousine as our official driver.-$385.00 the whole night for a group of nine people (you do the math). -Spacious for nine people and took away the stress of driving and finding parking.-Champagne bottle service included with assorted soda and water.-We were able to bring our own drinks onboard.-They knew the directions to all our stops and arrived on time to the Yelp Event!-Our driver was able to make various stops including one restroom break.-DVD and music player on board including the fiber-optic lighting to set the mood.-My date was impressed.   Hehehehe.... If I had my way, it would have just been us alone. Recommend for Yelp Holiday Event 2008?   YES!   Romantic:   Yes.  Its nice to watch Ron and Mikey embrace!  =DSpecial Shouts:  Thank you Wilson for being our first driver!    And thank you to Gerry, our second driver home!    Very professional and well mannered.
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2007,2/22/2008,241,239,18,16,18>Unwilling to dine entirely on overpriced burgers and soggy fries at Shoreline, we decided to grab a late lunch before BFD. Being that Ryowa was closed, my bro suggested Shabuway. As I've never had shabu shabu, it seemed like a good idea.Unfortunately, I mistook shabu shabu for its sister, the hot pot. So upon receiving my plate of veggies, I promptly dumped all the contents (carrots, cabbage, spinach, enoki mushroom, tofu and udon) into the pot of water. And then I tried to use the fat skimmer as a ladle, scooping out my food. I cursed the stupid design of the flat strainer as it was nearly impossible to successfully fish out the udon without it splashing back into the soup or into my glass of water.Then I looked to our neighboring diners and realized that I was a complete moron.So besides making me feel absolutely foolish, I enjoyed our dining experience. The food was cheaply priced - $8.99 for a plate of thinly sliced beef and a plate of veggies (one order per person). It was basically the same price that I later paid for a polish dog at the concert. The service was pleasant - constantly refilling our water and not pointing and laughing at us. And they showed ESPN news on the flat screen TVs on the wall.My only legitimate complaint was that they seated the three of us at a two person table. With all the meat and veggie plates, the bowls of sauces (ponzu and a creamy sesame one), our water glasses, our beverage glasses, and the condiment holder, it was nearly impossible to eat without knocking stuff off the table. Okay, maybe it's only a half legitimate complaint as it's not entirely the restaurant's fault that I'm a clumsy eater as well.
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2008,2/21/2008,615,556,32,14,17>Boner.I said it. Now there's no longer a big white elephant in the middle of the room. (The pizza boxes say MyBona...which is like naming your kid Dick and not expecting countless jokes to be made).I [sadly] have much more fun with their name than their pizza, but when eaten fresh, their pizza isn't so bad. The chicken pesto is good, and so is their combo or pepperoni (all of the ones I've tried). It will suffice if I'm in the area looking for pizza, and is definitely better than Pizza Hut or Little Caesars.Plus, I've decided their slogan should be: "Try MyBona--you might enjoy it!"(Ok I'm done, I promise)
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2007,2/20/2008,110,27,5,11,8>*4th visit*I can't get enough of the kalbi tang...*3d visit*Kalbi tang is the bomb. enough said. nothing else matters except the kim chee and spicy/sweet radish is the bomb as well*2nd visit*kim chee and pickled daikon is still goodhad the ox tail soup with knee cartilage and ginger.The broth was light, so salt was needed (this is necessary according to my Korean friend).Add salt until you are satisfied.This quite didn't satisfy me as the kalbi soup, but if you're into cartilage, then go for it!(PS I think the banner in front of the place is written "seenchon house", but google maps has it as "shinchon house")*1st visit*This place is a bit special since what they serve isn't commonly served in the South Bay (or for that matter, the Bay Area) : Korean soups in meat broths.I was delighted to taste the softest kalbi in a superb soup broth, ox tail in a white broth, and mouth watery delicious tripe and beef tongue which was steamed from broth ala dim sum style.Also their kim chee is more of the vinegary type, but still excellent.  And their spicy daikon is tasty as well!  I heard that their kim chee is so popular that they almost can't make enough!And it's cheap!  I haven't have such a delicious but inexpensive meal in so long!  Highly recommended.I'll have to pay a visit to eat some of their other items
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,2/19/2008,11,39,3,8,7>I love coming here.  Sure, most of your usual supplies (like pasta, for example) might be a little more pricier.  That's because Zanotto's is locally owned, not WalMart!  Please, haters get over yourself.  You pay more for locally owned, you pay more for fresh and delicious, and you pay more for having a good conscious.  The produce here is amazing.  You can even find decent tomatoes off season!  You won't always be able to find what you want, but what they do offer is generally the freshest available.  I've yet to buy a piece of awful produce from either location, which I certainly can't say for many other places.Then there's the prepared food.  Soups, full salad bar, customized sandwiches (and, as another writer pointed out, with horseradish!), pre-made sandwiches for the panini, hot boxed lunch, etc.  When I can't decide what I want for lunch, this is where I end up.I even do minor grocery shopping for work here (coffee, milk, etc).  If I get too busy, or if we decide to have a staff party...they'll deliver!  They cater as well.  You will not be disappointed with their catering service, I promise.  Just order wisely, the portions are enormous!I love you, Zanotto's.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/23/2008,8/31/2008,3171,1316,10,13,11>3.25I know this is Mara's favorite sushi joint, so we decided to give it a try with her and Ryan as well. Came here on a Friday night at 7:30PM and waited for 30 minutes before being seated in the front area. It was completely packed.Miso soup was not free but we ordered it anyway. Came out warm and tastes exactly the same as TGI Sushi's. Must be the same packaged formula.Ordered:- Mega Three- Aloha- Summer Breeze- Tuna Tataki- Main Event- Kani Spicy Tuna- Sake sashimi- Bay IslandMy favorites were the Main Event (combining shrimp Tempura, cream cheese, spicy Tuna rolled together and dressed with papaya puree) and the Mega Three (Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail, Flying Fish eggs, rice cracker seasoned with mild spicy sauce and rolled with cucumber). I like the fact that SOS uses less rice. However, their sauces such as the papaya puree is mediocre. It wasn't spicy, it wasn't sweet, it was just there.Their Bay Island (baked scallops) for example, cannot compare to TGI Sushi's Johnny Luv. Johnny Luv has a better sauce and texture.The Aloha had too much rice for my personal taste and the Summer Breeze (crab meat and fresh cucumber filled in the center layered with tuna, prawns, avocado and grilled with flying fish roe) was actually pretty good.Overall, it's a decent sushi spot. Would I do take out? Sure. Would I wait around for 30 minutes for dinner? No. Do I like TGI Sushi's better. Yes.It's always good to try new places though. Glad I did it. Thanks, Mara.Now back to the Olympics . . . ugh . . . did we lose to Cuba in baseball?
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2008,8/30/2008,1071,862,29,28,29>5 star rating Update - 09/03/2008 I went on a mid day dessert date yesterday with my man and I'm still a fan! The dulce de leche and golden gate swirl ice cream are bomb! For years- I have wondered when this strip of Santa Clara Street would have some new life breathed into it.  I must say- I really love what they have done with the place!  Penguin Froyo is a sweet addition to downtown and I am happy that I was lucky enough to find out about the grand opening! I was one of the first 100 people to get a card for 20% off all services for LIFE! Lucky me! I was amazed at how many different types of sweets that were available! They had run out of crepes, which means that I have another reason for a mandatory return visit. I decided to try a few samples of gelato and froyo instead. Some of the flavors of froyo were quite interesting. I noticed chocolate,  peanut butter chocolate, green tea, and more.  The green tea froyo was quite nice actually! I absolutely fell in love with the passion fruit sorbetto! It's sweet, tangy, vibrant, refreshing goodness! The chocolate gelato was heavenly as well! So rich and creamy! I think my tongue had an orgasm! We were very comfortable hanging out in the little lounge area in the front of the shop.  The big red chairs are super comfy!
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,7/29/2008,8/29/2008,632,224,44,23,22>BRING YOUR "A" GAME.That's all I have to say, because you're going to need a mean face to survive in this jungle to beat down other frenzied patrons to get your paws on a hot taro bun (NOTE: production is in absurdly limited quantity, and I think HKSSHR food managers intentionally do this for cheap thrills and to watch people rape and pillage for this stuff).  Serious. I saw our waiter's sleeve nearly get ripped off.  You'll find me in the corner clutching a blankie sucking my thumb.  Mommy.
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,8/28/2008,736,972,27,33,33>Who gets up at 530 in the morning...knowingly?Sure, maybe you get up...to go to the bathroom, read the paper, kiss your loved one on the cheek, head into work, or eat breakfast.Not me.  On Mondays, Wednesday, and Friday I rise and shine for bootcamp, where my tush is Conrad's. Well...at least for that hour!Yes I pay for torture, but it's not debilitating at all.  Truth be told, you get out what you put in, and you can challenge or slack as much as you want.  Mr. trainer has not time to be policing you...he will just motivate you.   Ranging from a variety of drills, runs, endurance, and strength exercises, this bootcamp really kicks butt!  If you have injuries, no problem!  Conrad, the instructor of the series, can make modifications tailored to your disability.  However, don't go expecting a 1 to 1 session.   It is bootcamp, and you are sharing his time with anywhere from 6-10 other people-depending on the group size.  If you want more 1 to 1 time with this New Zealander, you'll have to go see him at Sunnyvale Fitness:http://www.yelp.com/biz/sunnyvale-fitness-­sunnyvaleI have lots of love for this bootcamp. In fact, I have so much love, that I requested it be added again. I had no complaints, and thus loved the challenge, energy, and value it gave to my day.  This is my second round, and I even added a friend.  We both love IT and he is a non yelper!  The new location at the park...yeah...thanks to a tip from yours truly.  I love running outside and having free roam of the slushy grass.Plus, the best part..this is an affordable 4 week series that I hope continues with the more and more interest that we get!  For questions, feel free to PM me, or contact Sunnyvale Fitness.  AND...MAD PROPS TO MARY M. FOR INTRODUCING ME TO TAI AND SUNNYVALE FITNESS IN THE FIRST PLACE.  REVIEW OF THEM TO FOLLOW SHORTLY...!5 stars to Conrad who puts up with my slowness.  My goal is to get faster and fitter every single day.  Here's to having more fun in the slush...who is with me???Coffee....?  Nah...all I need is Sunnyvale Fitness Bootcamp!
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,8/27/2008,879,323,22,35,32>Viet Nam is softly divided into three regions: North, South, and Central Viet Nam.  These areas have slightly varied cultures, from their accents to their food!  Quang Da is a Vietnamese restaurant that specializes in food from the central region of Viet Nam.  It is my top pick when looking for a restaurant with a variety of central food.  Now, if you're looking for a specific dish, you may find it better at other restaurants whose specialty is that one dish (e.g. if you're specifically craving banh beo or bun bo hue or something, I'd suggest different restaurants for each of those).  But Quang Da is a place where you can expect pretty much everything on the menu to be authentic and tasty.  It really hit the spot when I was craving some Vietnamese food!My recommendations at Quang Da:- Banh it banh ram: sticky rice flour ball with shrimp on top of crispy rice cake- Banh Nam (aka banh la): rectangular rice flour patties with ground pork and shrimp wrapped in banana leaves- Com hen: steamed and sauteed baby clams over rice- Mi quang: thick yellow wheat noodles, with minimal broth
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,8/26/2008,65,111,10,17,12>Frikkin' brilliant yakitori. I'm definitely a fan.A pleasant surprise, the seeming manager/cook of this unimposing yakitori restaurant in the middle of a strip mall is a guy named Ken. Ken-san was the former sous chef manning the #2 sushi bar station of Kitsho, next to Howard, but now takes the lead position at Sumiya, directing orders to hungry tables.Tried a lot of things here.Split these dishes between myself and my girlfriend:The Combo A:2x Tsukune (chicken meatball) - Very meaty, good flavor. Each specific meatball seems to have a bit of onion or ginger within. Almost chicken koobideh like.2x Negima (chicken thigh + onion) - My girlfriend's favorite. I did not try much at all. What I did try, was well seasoned and very tender.2x Sasami (chicken breast) - One yuzugosho based, one wasabi based. Yuzugosho was spicy! Not like death spicy like need a bucket of water, but it's got kick! Almost tasted like a lime/jalapeno salsa verde sauce! Quite good.  Wasabi was not as spicy, did not have that nose effect, but still tasted great!1x Yakitori-don - Did not get to try, was devoured immediately by said girlfriend :( - It's ok, I forgive you :). 1x Tori soup - Nice clear broth with slight salt seasoning and green onion broth. Slightly refreshing as an appetizer, not as good when cold.Additional skewers:1x Tebasaki (Chicken wing) - Actually came with two wings on two separate skewers, so may count as 2 per 1 order. Great charcoal/salt flavoring on these, my favorite out of the chicken dishes we had.1x Sunagimo (gizzard) - I'm a fan of gizzard, and this was really really tender, to the point where you can sink your teeth in without any chewiness, but has that great crunch at the end with the cartilage. Tasty.1x Aigamo (duck) - Same treatment as the Negima, but with duck instead. A bit oversalted in my opinion, but good.2x Gyutan (beef tongue) - My favorite! Thick, though bitesize cuts of tongue, perfectly cooked to that fatty consistency. Much better thicker than thin cuts, in my opinion. I started out with one skewer, and had to order another.2x Kalbi (beef) - Decent. Got the first one with ponzu and daikon shavings, second with just salt treatment. Ponzu and daikon was a bit too much, though added good flavor when mixed with the marbling of the kalbi. Decided instead to get the salt only treatment afterwards, but it seemed to be lacking something.  1x Ika (squid) - A bit oversweetened with the sauce, may not order again. 1x Eringi Mushrooms - Wow. Sweet tasting savory mushrooms. A great ending to the meal.Ken-san remembered me from the Kitsho days, and gave me something on the house, a very rare dish I've hardly seen anywhere:  Abalone liver.Greenish colored, had a bit of momiji oroshi garnish on top, mixed with ponzu. Had a slight taste similar to ankimo, but maybe stronger, and definitely more chewy. I really appreciated the freebie.5 stars! - I was stuffed. And overall, inexpensive, in my opinion. 40$ pre-tax/tip. I could easily toss that within 10 minutes at a sushi bar.P.S.: Note, their website is not up to date, so it may not have all the special items listed, and they slightly increased their prices compared to the website (by a few cents). But it's still definitely worth a visit!
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,8/25/2008,51,105,5,6,6>I've refused to let other people do my eyebrows ever since a bad threading experience in my younger years left me with arches at the opposite end of eyebrows...which made me look like I had an amazed expression on my face. All the time. But that's beside the point.After a few year's of growing and grooming them as best as I could, I came across Deepa randomly on Yelp and decided to give her a go. I thought I had done a decent job of maintaining my brows over the years and figured that there was no way I could actually have symmetrical arches, but Deepa proved me wrong. I walked in to the room (it's actually not that hard to find if you can find the diner), and Deepa motioned for me to sit down in a chair. No, it's not sanitary as a full-fledged salon, but it's not unpleasant by any means (having once been directed to a "salon" inside a grocery store selling expired products for threading, all I ask for is a clean room, sanitizer, and a chair). Once I had sat down, Deepa looked at my face for a few minutes, and then apparently having decided what to do with my brows, she started. It wasn't.......okay, I'd be lying if I said it didn't hurt. However, it was a few minutes of pain (brings tears to the eyes, nothing worse) and when she was done with one side, it looked freaking amazing. Yes, freaking amazing. When she was done with both sides, even my mother, who's my harshest critic, agreed that my brows looked freaking amazing. All for $8 + tip!Bottom line: go see her, and you won't be disappointed. I went at around 3PM on a Sunday afternoon, and didn't have to wait.
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2007,8/24/2008,49,251,7,6,6>This place is Denny's in one of those alternate comic book universes where we imagine that Wolverine's bones were actually made out of Chevy corvette fiberglass. Its oddly familiar and yet completely incomprehensible. And this goes farther then just the fact that the building was surely forcefully ripped from Denny's hands in a midnight takeover at some point. It goes past the booths, and flooring and windows and decor still positively screaming with the ghosts of grand slam breakfasts past. The menus are the same worn plastic with the same kind of cheesy graphics on them, just filled with words unknown even to the Indian food eating enthusiast whitey roaming the streets of the south bay. The display case in front of the cash register is still filled with tasty inviting treats to catch your eyes as you settle the check, just swap out banana cream pie with weird red gelatinous almond thing. That all said... I we got a #1 and #2 lunch combo. The food hat a good spice to it, very tasty. Different from the thicker curry sauces I get at my average lunch time Indian buffet. There was a variety of things there from a curried polenta esk thing, to a large tangy squishy bread covered in sauce, to a honey sweet desserty thing to a donut of some sort. This all sounds horribly culturally insensitive, although its not meant to. Its just different from 99 percent of the Indian food I get so I have no idea what any of it is. The lunch prices are pretty reasonable as well ($6.95 for the combo). Although I think they could use better senior discounts... doesn't corporate mandate that?
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,8/21/2008,140,129,28,21,20>"Ill take a Smithwicks""No Smithwicks?  Then whys there a large Smithwicks sign right there?"  points to large Smithwicks sign on wall."Ok...Ill take a Carlsberg""No Carlsberg?? Then whys there a large Carlsberg sign right there?" points to large Carlsberg sign on wall."Ok Ok Ill take a Bulmers""No??..."Ever seen a grown man cry?Davids bottom line-  Yeah minus one star for having beers on the wall they dont serve (you tease) BUT I love this place.  Tuesday is trivia night and we always try and make it.  Cottage pie anyone?  Winning team gets $50 bucks off their tab!!!!!Hows that for useful?
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,8/20/2008,200,621,6,11,11>This place is so much fun!!! You get to be a kid and literally jump off the walls. There are different areas in the hall. There are two trampoline halls and one foam pit. One of the trampoline rooms is for dodgeball games which are typically ongoing. You basically get in line and jump in whenever it's your turn. People of all ages play together and it's a lot of fun. The other trampoline hall is cool because it's just a huge area that is covered in trampolines and so you are free to jump and play around. This is where you go in your friends and have a "who can jump the highest" contest. (Yes, I'm 7...)The foam pit is a bit of a hard one to judge. Yes, jumping into the foam is a lot of fun because you can fall flat on your face and not feel a thing. But climbing out can be a bit of a battle. Furthermore, who knows what's down there... Not that that stopped me. But it does make you wonder.If you go on a Friday or Saturday evening, it's going to be packed with teenagers and so it's a bit annoying. They have their own high school thing going and so I suggest going at a bit of a later time. That way, you can have the dodgeball game to yourself as well!I really love this place. It's a lot of fun and you get a work out too. But try not to go in the kiddie hours, or else you are going to have to behave yourself.
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2006,11/7/2006,107,35,1,1,2>I'd been remembering a Seinfeld episode I'd seen a few years ago where Kramer goes on a papaya kick.  If Kramer liked it, it must be good.It was good, Kramer was right. :)
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2006,11/6/2006,114,184,2,10,5>This is one of my favorite restaurants - I could eat her everyday. Overall it feels like you are going into someone's home and they are cooking for you.Their buffet is where its at ! Their food is tasty and healthy. I love their okra dish and their mung bean dish. They have plenty of sides such as chutney, cabbage salad, yogurt, and cilantro sauce. Their Roti is exceptional. I always laugh when I see a customer comes in wanting to buy some roti and the owner asks him, " are you on the list". Apparently Roti must be ordered beforehand since its so popular. The buffet includes quality, delicious tea, a wonderful dessert and most fun are the labels describing the health benefits of the food. The atmosphere is cozy and spiritual. (my tummy rumbles just thinking of this place).P.S. Note to Chinh's review: I am not related to the owner (just cause my name is Sari doesn't mean I'm Indian), I am not smoking crack, this is the correct restaurant and I never said "salad bar". Their dishes change often - which is a plus. Their weekend buffet offers more and is a little more expensive, but worth it....
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2006,11/5/2006,116,346,3,3,3>Okay, admittedly I walked into this restaurant thinking, "Great. Another buffet.  In Fremont."  But lo and behold, Pacific Buffet turned out to be different from the rest.  From the dim sum to the "flog legs" (read: frog legs. And no, I'm not being mean. I swear, that's what the sign said!), this place could quite literally have as much Asian cuisine as you could hope for.  They prepare NY steak, noodles, and special sushi if you know what the ingredients are. In my first round (hey, it's a buffet...), my plate was filled with an assortment of things: coconut shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, mac & cheese (seriously), mOre random things I can't even remember, and rice.  The other plate (ha!)  consisted of shrimp cocktail, fresh oysters and crab legs.   YUM. By the second round, I almost had to concede and give in to defeat.  Almost.  Grabbed a variety of fruits, all of which were yummy and sweet, and a couple of egg custards (cannot get enough of that).   OH and by the way, did I mention THE best part?  The chocolate fondue fountain.  YUM.  My little fountain at home has nothing on this one.  This was gigantoid (yes, it's a word).  Skewers of strawberries and marshmallows were waiting to be buried in a bath of chocolate.  After filling up my plate with chocolate-covered strawberries and mallows, I started looking around for what else I could dip in there.  Haha... no, seriously.  I really did.  Alas, the selection of other dippable foods was slim, but it was all gravy.  I was a happy camper.  Not a bad way to spend a Sunday afternoon with family and friends.  :)
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2006,11/4/2006,37,146,,7,6>*Update 3/21/07: I maintain my 5 star rating.  Great service, inexpensive and good sushi.  I feel like I've found my go-to sushi place in in this area! First of all - yes it is Japanese owned (yay).  Secondly - it does get a little stuffy in there and seating is fairly limited, but everything else makes up for it.  It is kind of hard to find, if you're going southbound on El Camino it'll be on your right, but from the northbound side it's a little hard to see.  It was a little bit before our order was taken, but surprisingly the sushi came fast and we gobbled it down!For 2 people, we spent $33 (w/o tip) and this is what we got: a large Asahi, 6 pieces of nigiri (2 sake, 2 maguro, 2 hamachi), 3 rolls (a tempura roll, the cream cheese one, and spicy tuna), a spicy tuna hand roll, and seaweed salad.  It all came out nicely in a black sushi box. Most nigiri pieces were about $1.50/pc and some up to $3/pc.  Seriously - the sushi is very good and the portions were good, not the tiny sloppy pieces you get at many other places.  I don't know how the chef made it so fast because there's only one person behind the counter, and it was crowded in the restaurant (I think the rest of the family was serving the restaurant).  The pieces were neatly rolled, and very good. I highly recommend this place and will definitely go back!
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2006,11/3/2006,160,245,9,9,3>My preschool! I don't actually remember much of anything, haha.. I have vague memories of story-time, nap-time, farmer in the dell, the location of the building, and.. a chicken costume? Apparently I was also quite the Casanova, chasing girls around the yard and proposing to one in particular.. what was her name? Don't think I'll ever live that one down.This is where it all began for me (and my cousin) and it lay some pretty good groundwork for my stellar academic career. I would recommend everybody send their child to a Montessori preschool. =)
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2006,11/2/2006,241,239,7,1,3>I read about this place on one of the talk threads and stopped by tonight with a girl friend who lives nearby to catch up over some beers and pub food.  After we got the food order out of the way - I ordered a cheeseburger and pumpkin ale and she the fish & chips and apricot ale, we started talking about life.Here's a snippet of our conversation:Friend: So are you still seeing that guy?Me: Which one?F: The one you like but don't like (using air quotes around the second like)M: Oh him.  Yeah, we decided we were better off as friends.  Block that kick bitch!  I loved his baseball knowledge but his in-the-sack knowledge... meh.F: It's okay...  Damn Blue, that wasn't a f%$ing strike!  What the f%$@!?! l...  Don't settle.  There will be others.M: I'm really not tripping about it.  Oh my God Jenks, I'll kick your ass if you blow this save!  I'll survive.F: It's 7:18.  Why the hell aren't they showing the Giants game yet?Jack's - a good place to watch sports and eat decent pub food (the nachos were pretty delish).  A not so good place to catch up with your girlfriends.P.S.  The service was awesome.  Our server told us to take our time with the bill and stay as long as we'd like so that we can watch more of the A's and Giants games. P.P.S. They're open at 9am on Saturdays and Sundays for football fans.  I might have to come back and check that out.P.P.P.S.  I have no clue why both of us are still single?!?!
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2006,10/31/2006,210,126,5,17,12>The store-front,  with it's tiny, cramped sections of fresh produce, cds/dvds, and clothes even, is deceivingly small - that is, until you enter the vast back-room chock full of Indian groceries, and get a gander at the super long line of people waiting to get what is rumored to be the best CHAAT outside India.  The rumors are true!Chaat can refer to any number of savory Indian snacks, including, but not limited to: Papri Chaat  - consists of a combination of papris (flat discs of wheat dough that are fried till crunchy), chickpeas, potatoes and masala, topped with yogurt, and coriander and tamarind chutneys. Samosa Chaat - same as above except you replace the papris with samosas, top with hot chickpea curry, and then cool yogurt and chutneys- it's fantastic because you get that hot/cold pie ala mode sensation, but with something savory.Pani Puri- (MY FAVORITE) - fried wheat disks again- only this time they are formed into hard puffed up shells.  You crack open the top, fill it with finely chopped potatoes and chickpeas, top with tamarind chutney, and then submerge into this spiced masala water (the "pani").  The puri is basically a vessel that manages to hold the liquid until you pop it in your mouth and then you get this explosion of textures and flavors: crunch of the shell followed by the liquid burst, then the salty masala contrasted with the tangy-sweet tamarind chutney - it's indescribably good.  Then you take what's left of the pani, down it  like a shot, and smack your lips in satisfaction.The Chatpatta Corner inside Dana Bazar had absolutely amazing pani puri and papri chaat (unlike some other places I've been to lately, they know that onions have no business being in a really good papri chaat).  Standing room only though - so if you want to really relish your chaat in a relaxed atmosphere, get it to go.
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2006,10/30/2006,78,322,3,11,5>HOMAHGAD... I just ate at this restaurant an hour ago & my first instinct was to yelp it. Ha..For most of you who are familiar with this area, this restaurant was a Carrows and I think two other Chinese/Szechuan restaurants. Now it's a Mongolian hot pot restaurant. I didn't really have any hopes for this restaurant since the preceding restaurants weren't all that great, but I still wanted to try it.The Little Sheep franchise really did some improvements to this place! They built another entrance so you don't have to go all the way to the entrance near the street. The interior is quite nice too. It's WAY different from what it was before. There's lots of light and most of all it doesn't look like Carrows anymore!Being it the first time dining here, we asked for reccomendations from a familiar face (a former server from Little Potato). After reviewing the menu, another server (possibly manager) helped us even more! The service is VERY good here and so was the food.One of the servers persuaded us into getting a half/half soup base which is half spicy & half original house soup base (we didn't really understand what he meant by half/half, but we trusted him.. haha). Then we got the lamb/beef combo, thick noodles, fresh tofu, a veggie combo, & beef skewers to accompany the soup.Not really knowing what to expect, when we saw the soup base, we totally understood what half/half meant. The pot had a separator in the middle separating the spicy soup & the non-spicy. GENIUS I SAY! We got really excited as the other items arrived. The soup base was very flavorful! I thought mixing different vegetables and meats would change/alter the flavor of the soup, but it just added more yumminess. I really liked the noodles.. They needed some time to cook, but they were worth the wait. As for the beef skewers, they were okay. They had lots of cumin on them and were somewhat overcooked, but they were flavorful nontheless. I might pass on these the next time I come here.So before this review gets too long, I'll summarize by saying that good service and good food can be found here. If you're more accustomed to the norm, take a risk here. =)Fun Fact:When you're running low on soup, they REFILL it!!! I thought the server was going to refill my water, but they refilled the pot! Oh and as a note, TAKE YOUR TIME. The portions are massive! We were a party of 3 and there was still enough food for 3 more people! Pace yourself =)
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2005,10/29/2006,176,33,1,3,4>I actually love Santana Row --although I can't really afford to shop at any of the stores (except for maybe Borders and Urban Outfitters), here's why: First of all, it's open air, which is such a nice alternative to your standard mall. There is also the huge chess board which, granted, you generally have to allow the children roaming about to play with, but it's still cool. There are a number of great restaurants from cheap (Pasta Pomodoro) to not-so-cheap (Straits Cafe) that provide dining al fresco (that fancy for "outside"). Now lets talk about the people watching. It's prime. Perhaps some of the best in San Jose because you get a great mix of young and old, cool and not cool, fashion king/queens and fashion victums all sharing a single sidewalk. My favorite way to "do" Santana row is actually sitting outside at Strait's cafe with glass of wine in hand and just watching the passer-by's. Sundays there is a farmer's market from like 10-2 or so and there are great fresh veggies, flavored olive oils and fresh flowers to be found. It really is a litle slice of heaven in San Jose ---oh  yeah, and it's like walking distance from my house, which bumps it up another notch. Highly recommend as a place to see or be seen or see the people who want to be see or be seen. Did that make sense?
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2005,10/28/2006,9,66,8,1,4>Sunnyvale Farmer's Market is got all the usual venders other farmer's markets have, the Asian produce people, the kattle corn guy, some overpriced organic vegi venders and stuff. What sets the Sunnyvale Farmer's Market apart is a old Japanese couple who sets up this vegi stand in front of the coffee shop close to Macy's. Their daikon tastes like pears, their green onions are tender and thin, the white part their leeks (the only part that matters) are like two feet long. Look, some of you reading this are likely to call me a fag for raving on a vegi stand, but if i had a choice of some fresh vegi from this joint, or some crappy burger from Chili's. I'd be happy to be a big fag
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/17/2012,692,1648,6,12,5>Came here a few more times, as my mom really likes this place. I think I have now learned to call it in ahead as they make it to order, so you are waiting around a bit. I always order the value special (which I found out is all day, not a happy hour special) of kalua pork. $6.99 for lots of pork, 2 generous scoops of rice, some steamed veggies, a drink, and a side of mac salad. Their pork is always moist and juicy, yummers! Their mac salad is a bit bland, but better for me to eat less carbs. One plate will give me two meals, so double score!Yesterday, I tried their Shanghai lumpia. 8 pieces for $2.99. They are about the size of my pinky finger, and, hot, crispy, and delicious! I especially love the sweet yet spicy sauce they provide.Next, I'll have to try out their famous spam musubi and tempted to try their garlic fries!
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,10/16/2012,562,163,12,10,9>I saved my 100th review for one of my favorite gems in SJ! The only one doctor I enjoy seeing is my optometrist. It's even more enjoyable when you go to Dr. Pham. She is such a delight and is so easy to get along with. By the end of your appointment, you'll want to ask her to go out on your next Girls' Night Out...but then, you realize that she is your optometrist and not your BFF...le sigh...I love that her office is in a plaza with ample parking. When you walk in, you can tell that the whole office had been remodeled and everything fells so clean and organized. Their bubbly receptionist, Rosette, makes the checking in process easy  and painless and is a joy to chat with. What I personally like about this optometry office over others is that they don't have that machine that puffs air into your eyes. I dread that part the most, so it's a nice surprise to hear that they test your eye pressure in a less intrusive way. Dr. Pham is very attentive and is easy to talk to -- which makes it easy for me to ask weird questions about eye care, etc. I had been to MANY optometry offices (Dr. Holbert, Vision Insight or any other mall optometry offices) before that were always overbooked and kept you waiting for forever just to see the doctor for 10 minutes. At Crest, you feel like all eyes are on you and you don't feel rushed to get out of the exam room. They have a GREAT selection for guys and girls. When I'm at the Crest, I  feel like I'm at the Nordstrom Sunglasses Dept and forget that I'm actually at an optometry office, because they carry high end designer frames (Burberry, Gucci, Marc Jacobs, you get the picture).  It's hard to leave here with just prescription glasses because I can guarantee you'll find your next perfect pair of sunglasses as well. Oh, and I lied..the best part is actually the candy bowl they keep at the receptionist's desk...I can never leave without grabbing a handful.
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,10/15/2012,1261,428,11,14,10>The number of reviews don't lie, this place is definitely the most crackin' sushi place in all of San Jose. Located in a shopping center strip next to Lucky's, this small sushi place is always jam packed with people on the inside and several people waiting outside for their party to be called. Luckily, the wait was only about 20 minutes for our party which was awesome. As soon as we were seated, we were immediately greeted by the awesome server chick who quickly got us started with water, edamame, and the complimentary spicy mussels. After contemplating over the endless awesomeness of sushi selections, we settled for the Crunch California (deep fried California roll topped with house sauce and fish eggs) and the Jaydon roll (shrimp tempura, cucumber, cream cheese, topped with crab meat, spicy mayo, and tempura crunch flakes). Both were immediately prepared and came out with the quickness. OHHH MYYY GOODNESS!!! Seriously the best sushi that I ever had the pleasure to inhale with lightening speed. It usually takes a ton of sushi to satisfy my hunger, but I literally could only eat about half of each roll, because they were so filling! Overall, I am definitely giving into the hype, because this place has the food to back their sh*t up.
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,10/14/2012,1125,189,5,9,6>Yum! I loved Huong Lan. It's located in a shopping plaza so parking is a cinch. The restaurant is also nothing fancy. It's probably more of a grab and go place, but there are a couple of tables and chairs. Huong Lan also sells a lot more than just buns and banh mi. They have peking duck, sticky rice cakes, and jelly and tapioca desserts / drinks. My friend and I split the grilled pork and the grilled chicken banh mi. I believe both were around $3. The baguette is excellent - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. I slightly preferred the grilled pork banh mi because I feel like it had more complex textures and flavors. The mix of condiments that they put on the sandwich was also fantastic - the mayo spread was delicious, the pickled carrots and daikon were crisp, delicious cilantro and jalapeno, and the grilled pork banh mi even had crushed peanuts which really brought the sandwich to the next level. I have never had crushed peanuts on my banh mi before, but it is an amazing addition.We also split a pork, egg, and sausage bun which was huge. The bun itself had the perfect texture and flavor. They had just put out some fresh ones and so of course we had to try one. I highly, highly recommend Huong Lan. This is definitely one of the better banh mi places out there!
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,10/13/2012,215,335,4,4,4>The Snell VTA Light Rail Station is visible from Cafe Legato. I  believe Legato means "slurred" in music terminology. It's indicative of the cafe's classical music theme, but it's also a very modern place. In fact, I'm writing my review in the store right now using their wifi. This isn't some Bohemian hipster cafe. It's got a mural of a rustic countryside and portraits of classical music composers. There's also a chessboard and a stack of canonical books you read in high school for decoration. Right now, I'm having a drink called Vivaldi's Winter. It's a frappuccino with caramel, hazelnut, and vanilla, and it's pretty good. Their regular size is 16 oz., but it runs out really quickly.  The staff brought the drink to me and gave me a customer loyalty card; buy 8 get 1 free.The furniture is very practical yet simply elegant. It's a very comfortable atmosphere. The musical overture playing here can be described as... Korean and American R&B I guess? I could stay here for hours if I was so inclined. And since I'm the only person in here on a Tuesday afternoon, I probably will.
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,10/12/2012,151,219,3,20,14>My family and I have been going to Dr. Tammy Nguyen at Monterey Dental for years! I remember as a child, I used to FEAR the dentist, but ever since going to Dr. Nguyen, my anxiety has disappeared for good. Her compassion, her professionalism, and her skills represents the ideal dentist any patient would look for. Her personality is a great addition as she makes learning about teeth fun! Her educational explanations helps me understand why I am getting a certain treatment and why it will help me, something I greatly appreciate!The practice is full of state-of-the-art equipment and cutting edge technology. They also have whitening available -- a treatment my sister and I used right before our high school prom (our smiles looked so great in our photos)! Also, they have TVs for you to watch while you get a cleaning done, bonus points! Her staff is also wonderful. The front desk personnel always, always greets us with a smile and they make you feel so comfortable and at home.I am so glad my family has discovered Dr. Nguyen and staff. They are wonderful people who I know I can trust with my oral health care. I have been going here 15 years and I dread the day I might move, how will I ever find another Dr. Tammy Nguyen?
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/11/2012,736,972,7,10,10>I had a problem.  My heel is busted and the zipper on my favorite purse is jumped off its track.  What to do....what to do? After getting a recommendation from friend, I immediately headed out to the Master Cobbler. Quick, painless, affordable, and very accessible.  Score.  Additionally, customer service was friendly and I even got a wink.  I will come back, and gladly recommend them to anyone wanting something fixed.   If nothing else read this:Painless, easy, and affordable. GO HERE.
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,10/10/2012,1071,862,5,9,10>I went to Empire Gardens as a child, and it's been awesome seeing the park transform time and time again. I do miss the old Watson Community Center where our dances were held. Those were some fun times! Overall, this is still a great park! There are picnic benches, two lots for the kids to play, as well as plenty of open space to throw Frisbees or fly kites. The new basketball courts and soccer field are also awesome additions. There are sections for both large and small dogs to play here. Nostalgia
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,10/9/2012,187,111,11,7,6>I got my heart broken when I was 18 and I swore I would never fall in love again.  That all changed the night I was first brought to this fine establishment.  I am now deeply in love with SingleBarrel, and now I wait by the phone wondering if it's going to call me, if it's thinking about me as much as I'm thinking about it, is it going to love me back...can we build a life together?In all seriousness, this place is PERFECT for someone like me. You will be in heaven if you love:- drinking (quality stuff, not that shit you buy on the corner, k?)- total chill / intimate atmosphere- super attentive staff- Non crowded places to hang out- drinks made according to your tastes (see the many other reviews on this)- AMAZING bartenders that are super knowledgeable and experts at their craftYour drinks are made with care, and I've yet to have one I didn't like. The line does get long though, so come early, or be prepared to wait. Parking directly across the street is $10, which is totally worth it to me. Five single stars!
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,10/8/2012,475,273,18,15,14>Even though this is completely embarrassing, I will share a secret with you:Somehow... Someway... my hubby and I came here on a Friday night and polished off an ENTIRE LARGE PIZZA between the two of us.  It was sickeningly easy too,  we just kept talking, eating, grabbing another slice.  Talking, eating, grabbing another slice.  Until we both reached for the last piece at the same time!! It wasn't a romantic scene like Lady and the Tramp either.  I think we glared and growled at each other before I finally gave in and told him 'Fiiiine', he could have it.  Haha.  We ordered a 1/2 Hawaiian and 1/2 Parmesan garlic chicken pizza, and it was unbelievably good!! It's ranking in my top three currently.  Up there with Zachary's deep dish pizza!  I can't wait to come back again, although hopefully I will be returning with a little more self control and a shred of dignity... :/
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,8/6/2009,175,452,7,12,10>Hosted my last minute birthday dinner here and I couldn't have picked a better place. They took reservations, didn't complain when the number of my part changed, allowed me to bring in a cake, and gave us a little area. The staff here is super friendly and welcoming. Chips and salsa are placed and refilled at your tables without asking. The servers are smiling and wiling to answer any questions you have, refill your water or get you another drink. I met one of the owners and she was super sweet, funny and happy that I brought people to try her place. The Cuban dishes are great! Started off with tostones which are twice fried green plantains served with a garlic oil dip. One order has about 8-10 pieces. I had the vaca frita which is shredded beef with onions. You get to pick a side of white rice with beans on the side, mixed beans and rice like congri or Mexican rice. I say go for the mixed! It tasted like gallo pinto from my homeland of Nicaragua. A small salad is also included and a couple of pieces of ripe plantain. The portions are very generous and I took half my plate home. Their mojito is ok but I kept spitting up pieces of mint. Their sangria is pretty tasty though. They have some coupons available too and they give them to you when you pay. They let you write on the walls in the room we were in. I saw advertisements, proposals, names, and even some Japanese characters. Our party left our mark as well. They have a lot of entrees that I would like to try so I will definitely be back.
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2009,8/5/2009,2666,2599,16,26,25>I feel compelled to write an updated review of Sawa Sushi now that I have been a repeat customer and a future repeat customer, and again, and again. There is a reason one goes back, and it almost has nothing to do with the price tag sometimes. It's not hard to see why, many people find the food industry to be a service only industry where if you do not get good service, the restaurant almost suffers in food quality. Although this is acceptable in most places, the entire world certainly does not work this way.If you have never had an experience where you build a relationship with the chef who prepares your food, share stories of laughter, joy and sadness, all the way enjoying some of the finest fish you will ever find here in the entirety of the United States of America, then you have not had a good fish experience thus far in life. Steve is one of the kindest and at times funniest chef I've ever met. Every time I go he always has interesting stories to tell and funny antics to keep things entertaining during his long and very delicious 3 hour dinner meals that I've often extended to 4 all the way until past midnight. If you think that the service enhances the food at some restaurants, then Steve has gone above and beyond.However, not everyone can like Steve and most likely not everyone does. So lets just talk about the food, the one and the only factor for some people sometimes to go out and eat. If I had to judge this place on food alone it would be absolutely EXCEPTIONAL. I've, in all of my travel from Asia to America and inbetween, yet to taste fish the way that Steve prepares it at Sawa. And amazing enough, it's not like a nigiri only restaurant where you pay a lot and get full off of the rice (no matter how small the portion of rice is). You absolutely get your money's worth in fish, and just fish. I'm not talk about the normal kind of fish that you can find at a regular roll-based sushi place or even a regular sashimi based sushi bar. I even venture to say that my other favorite sushi bar, Sushi Sam, does not boast the kind of fish that you can find here at Sawa. These exotic species and preparation methods can only be tasted in few places outside of the closed doors of Sawa where the cost would be so exponentially enormous that it may not be worth the trip, the drive or even the four hours of your time (think Urasawa for $450/person!)Having sushi at Sawa with Steve isn't just dinner, it is a fantastic dining experience consisting of humor, great fish, and most of all that human connection we seem to all be missing when we're dining at BJ's Brewery or Chili's where the service is deemed good if they refilled your soda when it was empty.
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,8/4/2009,1806,1048,17,17,19>Definitely a good alternative from Krung Thai Restaurant since I mainly go there.  Closer location to my home which makes it a plus!Located in the same plaza as Yogurtland, Beard Papa's, Elephant Bar, Daiso, and It's a Grind, you will find this thai gem tucked in the middle of 2 offices.I recommend making reservations here for dinner especially during Fridays or Saturdays if you don't want to wait.  The line can be long.  This is one of those restaurants where you would need to pass by or be in the area many times in order for you to notice that it is ACTUALLY there.  Since I kept coming to yogurtland, I noticed how packed this place was and decided to try it out.Roti Prata- delicious here.. they cut it for you into triangular pieces.. a nice crisp and fluffiness to it which is different than the normal roti textures you usually get, for example, at Straits or Banana Leaf.Pad See Ew- nice and sweet.. I love thick noodles and will never complain about it.  Generous portions that can feed up to two.  I've tried a couple of their fish plates and I am not a big fan of them if you are craving fish.  I felt like the sauteed seabass dish wasn't worth the money since the fish was overcooked and not soft like it should be.  Order their chickens, shrimps, and beef plates!  and you won't be leaving unsatisfied.  Desserts is alright but their portions are tiny!!  so you get to decide.. Do you want 30 cents/ounce froyo next door or fried bananas in small portions for $6-7?What I like about this place is you have two options of seating...1. normal table/chair service- for the boring :)                                   OR2. shoes off thai style seating- for the fun :)
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/17/2008,8/2/2009,564,356,14,14,14>I'm not too happy with my experience - but I'm not sure if it was just my attitude from beforehand (bad day) or if it was the servers....I was looking through some of the reviews on Yelp and noticed ppl mention restaurant.com - so I figure that I should take a look at the site and see what they have for sushi joints. I haven't tried Rokko before and thought to give it a try. We were seated right away and ordered the pitcher (they have Kirin by the pitcher - We couldn't pass this up!) and hot sake - Sake wasn't too bad for house sake (just to add). We choose the Rainbow roll, 2 Spicy Tuna rolls, Sashami appetizer, Deep fried skewers and Uni (but it was deep fried Uni).Everything was pretty fresh, which is what everyone likes, but they were a little stingy with the portions - The sashami slices were barely even half slices (compared to the other sushi joints we frequent) and the filling in the rolls was mediocre. It wasn't horrible by any means, but it didn't blow me away either. Our server (when we found her) was pretty pleasant and sweet but I feel like the rest of the staff seemed almost.... snooty/immature? Basically just ran around dropping off plates and staring ppl down - I was watching them for awhile and noticed that they would point and comment at almost everyone who walked in - Not very professional - just the atmosphere itself did not seem welcoming - I felt rushed, which I HATE when I just want to enjoy my meal. But I did have wonderful company (H) so it wasn't a total loss.Overall, I probably won't come here again unless I'm shopping in Sunnyvale - which is a slim to none chance - there are better restaurants on Murphy and unless I'm craving sushi that day, I doubt I'll be back.
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,8/1/2009,386,452,18,21,18>We came here after the SC Clam Chowder Cookoff because we heard there were going to be some yelpers here so since we were in the area we decided to stop by and I'm glad we came! This was such a cute lil place off the main strip in downtown Santa Cruz. I loved that they really do have 99 varieties of beer and the food was good too!Per Vicky's suggestion for food we had:- Snapper Nachos- served with black beans, cheese, guacamole, salsa and fresh chunks of jalapenos- absolutely DELICIOUS! we loved this dish!- Ahi Tuna Buger- It was ok, ahi tuna served in a wheat bun. A little on the dry side for me and I think I'd prefer if the tuna was only seared and not cooked all the way but it came with criss cut fries- Basket of Crisscut Fries- YUM! I preferred the darker fries with the seasonings on it but it's nice they served 2 types of fries.We had a pitcher of German hefenweizen to wash it all down and that was pretty good as well.My one gripe was that service seemed really really slow but the waitresses were nice and overall it was still a good experience.Last but definitely not least, much thanks goes out to Vicky T for bringing delicious Boston Cream cuppies and Red Velvet cake. Both were absolutely delicious and perfectly moist! Yay for an awesome way to end the day in SC :)P.S. In terms of parking, we parked in the meter where you have to pay but I hear if you park in the garage its free for 3 hrs
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/1/2009,7/31/2009,878,405,13,24,19>It's hard not to compare this place to King Egg Roll.  Party trays, egg rolls, lunch specials, and sandwiches on the menu can easily point out similarities.  But this place is different in some aspects.  I don't consider them Chinese fast food.  I've had their basil chicken and grilled pork lunch combo and they made it fresh in the back.  I was very satisfied with the combo.  They don't leave their food out for people to choose, just displays.  Whatever lunch entree you order, expect to wait a little since they cook it up fresh for you.      Another plus is pho.  The first time I walked in, I was delighted to see pho on their menu, and they serve it in big bowls here.  Make sure to get the large size, because it's only a dollar more for twice the regular size.  Their #1 pho satisfied me with well-done brisket, steak, flank, tendon, and tripe.  The flavors were there, but I've had better noodles elsewhere.Egg rolls are just alright.  I've had their chicken and pork egg rolls.  They have the crunch but lack some flavor that I'm used to.  I also had their enormous grilled pork sandwich which I have no complaints about.  Next time I visit this place, I'll take a stab at their Chinese food menu or their Banh Mi.  The dining room area is large with occasional small crowds that can be tolerated.  Since they have a more extensive variety in their menu, they do offer more party trays than other places.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,7/30/2009,1260,803,18,22,25>The cakes....The donuts....The pastries.....And the old saying.... Sweet moments on your lips.... Forever on your hips.....Four stars for one my favorite hometown bakeries in San Jose.   I've been a loyal patron for many years.   I will confess and share secret of where I order my favorite birthday cakes!Raspberry is my greatest recommend with your birthday cake filling.     Delightfully prepared and spread on the fluffy yellow cake, this is a big deal here at Peter's Bakery.  Icing is far more superior than your grocery store cake.   There sweetness and creamy texture is masterfully executed.Donuts to die for!   If you're going  to break diet, do it the right way with their grand selection of freshly baked at 5:00am donuts.Bonus Points:   Each purchase comes in a cute take home box and always ribbon up!
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2008,7/29/2009,879,323,23,36,29>Myung Dong Tofu Cabin is my favorite soondubu place so far.  Everyone raves about SGD Tofu House, but I find Myung Dong far superior.  Reasons being...1) Quality banchans (side dishes)!  Almost any Korean restaurant will server you side dishes, but some places serve you the cheap stuff, and some places serve you the good stuff.  Myung Dong serves chap chae (clear noodles), odeng (fish cake),  seaweed, and stewed potatoes, along with the usual daikon, kim chi, bean sprouts, and more!2) Great soondubu!  Their tofu soups are hearty, not bland.  Cracked egg into the hot soup, as usual, which I love.  They are also not stingy on the ingredients -- their seafood soondubu has lots of seafood, their jigae soondubu has tons of fish eggs, beef soondubu has hearty amounts of beef, etc.3) Delicious alternatives to soondubu!  Many soondubu places serve other dishes, but they are usually just mediocre, so it's better to just stick to their tofu specialty.  Myung Dong, however, has solid mul naeng myun (cold noodles in beef broth), dolsot bibimbab (fried rice in a claypot), and kalbi (shortribs).4) Barley iced tea!  Instead of bringing water to your table, they bring you complimentary ice cold barley tea.  A simple touch, but soooooo refreshing and yummy!  If you need refills, they'll just leave a big pitcher at your table.  I love it!All in all, I'm sure there is better out there, but of the soondubu places I've tried thus far, Myung Dong Tofu Cabin has my regular business!Pictures uploaded.
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,7/28/2009,388,717,18,23,21>I was surprised walking in to see so many people from different cultures eating here. I didn't know what to expect. I met up with Caroline to have dinner here. The servers and waiters was very nice to us and frequently refilled our waters. They had there black tea too but since it was so late in the day. I didn't want anything with caffeine or else I will be up all night. We end up ordering the Chef Platter which had some samples of the appetizers. It was great! We also decided to try the Kabobs and order a Combo plate. We choose beef and chicken and it came with rice. The beef was tough and the chicken was better but okay. The portions are huge and it was more than enough food for two people. Caroline and I decided to share our plates. We didn't finish the food and was so stuff but they had some interesting desserts. It was a great experience and will be back to try other dishes and desserts.
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2009,7/26/2009,686,70,17,24,21>The biggest little bar in San Jose!This mirage located in what was once a desolate dead-zone of San Jose between the Airport and Downtown. The Rodeo Club has capitalized on the new strip mall development across the street by offering kick-ass concerts in conjunction with KRTY for free.   I thought I was in Reno the second I walked in and saw the mirrored walls with neon trim and low ceilings.  The déjà vu got worse as I was disoriented by the number of location to purchase an adult beverage.  7 BARS!  Free line dancing lessons, A free concert, San Jose Country Radio Legends chatting folks up, local country bar regulars (see business pics) and future regulars (see my pics) and decent bar prices - I'm not really sure how this place makes money! The big winners of the evening were Jason Michael Carroll (he got a ton of new fans!) and my group of friends.  We all had a blast and we didn't have to eat Ramen noodles for the next week because of the all the money we spent.  I'd give this place 6 stars if they had slot machines!
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2007,7/16/2007,663,169,52,17,17>Jose Barajas and his gang of six cabaleros!   My neighbor recommended Jose to me when I saw her landscape done a few years back. Negotiate!   Jose is flexible as he is kind.  Since 2003 to the present , I had Jose  put in a new lawn and water sprinkler system (which he still maintains), a brick trim on the garden and patio ( and part of the driveway), two fences, new plants and box hedges in the front and back of my home,    I worked out a flat fee for mowing the lawn twice a month.   Jose's men fertilizes your plants/lawns at least five times a year.  Whatever you want done, Jose and his crew does it fast, clean and effeciently.
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2007,7/15/2007,277,71,7,8,7>It used to be that Fry's (and further back in time, Radio Shack) were places that you went to when you needed serious electronic parts.  As time has gone on, consumer electronics and appliances have encroached on those stores floor space - leaving their "parts" sections a tiny shadow of their former selves.You'd think that in the Bay Area, where the nerd-per-square-mile count is higher that there would be a few more serious stores to purchase electronic parts tools and supplies - but not so much.  And here in San Francisco that count of stores is ... Yeah, not so many.So while Redwood City is a bit of a drive, its still closer than Santa Clara.  They stock good quality parts, will special order stuff that they don't happen to have, and are pretty helpful.
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2007,7/14/2007,933,691,5,13,10>This is the newest L&L to open up in the Fremont/Newark/Union City area and it's also my new favorite.  It's right across the way from where I get my hair cut so I'm there at least every other week to grab a plate lunch.  They continue the same winning formula that all other successful L&L locations employ, they serve great Hawaiian BBQ/Comfort food with great local flavor and attitude.  And by *local* I don't mean the fact they are 5 minutes away from my house.I just had a luau at my place and instead of slaving over a hot grill cooking chicken, Korean short ribs, and *attempting* to make some Kahlua pig I just decided to have this L&L location cater the get together.  I ordered Kahlua pig and cabbage, chicken katsu, bbq beef, mahi mahi, chili, their famous mac salad, haupia, and they even offered to make malasadas for the occasion.  They were more than happy to take my order and made sure it was ready right on time on the day of the event.  My guests were able to enjoy some hot and tasty Hawaiian favorites, making the gathering a big success.  Next time I have a gathering or I have to head to a potluck I'll probably be picking up a tray or two from this location again.
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2007,7/13/2007,0,0,2,7,12>I got a LV bag for my birthday - June 30.It was a toss up between the Speedy 25, Speedy 30, and the Papillon 30.  At 5'3", the Speedy 30 looked as if I was hauling carry-on luggage around.  The Papillon 30 was great in theory (you could throw it over your shoulder unlike the Speedys) however my "gigantor" arm kept crushing the bag's barrel shape which was kind of annoying.  The opening for the Speedy 25 was a bit small (could only fit one hand in at a time) but it was a perfect match for my petite frame.  If the Speedy 25 is good enough for a classic icon like Audrey Hepburn, it's good enough for me.The saleslady helping me graciously pulled out the bags I wanted without fuss and showed me matching accessories.  I liked the fact that she gave honest opinions on how each bag looked on my arm.NOTE: Without makeup on, I look 17.  I did not dress up when I entered this store.  I was wearing Target flip flops, torn jeans, and a hoodie.......and I STILL received stellar customer service from this establishment.
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2007,7/12/2007,606,410,34,20,25>Before one of us goes on a big trip, my family likes to get together and go out for a meal.  The morbid reason behind it is that it could be the last time we all see each other.  And I love this because it's the only way I can get my dad to go out for a meal.  You see, he's notoriously cheap, and he's afraid to try new things, or more accurately, he's afraid of anything that isn't my mom's cooking.So before I went on vacation, I dragged my folks out to Shalimar. I was excited that there's one in the south bay now. My mom was excited because she hasn't had decent Pakistani food on this continent. My dad was excited because I was buying.He got a little worried when I ordered about 1/3 of the menu. "Don't sweat it, Dad, it's really cheap. Try a bit of everything! If you don't like it, it's not like I paid a lot for it." His look didn't give me much confidence.  Neither did his response when our food arrived.  "The plates are cold. How can a restaurant serve you food on cold plates?"   "Dad, it's like 5 bucks a dish. And you're drinking water out of a styrofoam cup. Just enjoy the food.""Couldn't you bring us somewhere classy? What if your plane crashes? Do you want some cheap Paki junk to be your last meal?""Be quiet, Papa," my mom interrupted, her mouth full of chicken korma, aloo palak, and naan. "Oh, this is so greasy...  Now THIS is how cheap Pakistani food should be!" See, my mom gets it. I must've gotten the gene from her. The one that makes you try street food in jacked up corners of the world that would make most Westerners turn tail and scream, "Salmonella!!"  The one that makes you appreciate dives like Shalimar, knowing that the fluorescent lighting and marginally clean floor would make it a five-star dining experience in Lahore or Islamabad.My dad suspiciously eyed the lamb kebab.  "This is halal, right?"  (He likes to pretend he's a good Muslim when we're not enjoying a bottle of wine or a few glasses of beer.) "It's really good!"I about choked on my seekh kebab. "What?""This lamb... it's really good. And can we get some more of the naan?"Holy baby sheep, Batman. Is my dad actually enjoying himself at a restaurant?"This biryani's not bad, either. Definitely better than what I've had before."Woah, my dad was almost sounding like a foodie for a second.I don't know what's in the food at Shalimar, nor do I have any clue how clean it is. But god dammit, any restaurant to which I can take my father without having to resort to a tranquilizer gun and a box van gets five stars in my book.
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2007,7/11/2007,264,401,5,15,12>I was here w/ Seong P. and 2 others for book club last Saturday.  Seong made a good call with ordering mussels which had a beer'ish, lemony flavor.  Even when we were done with the mussels, we didn't want the waiter to take the bowl away so we could soak our bread in the broth.  I would go back for those mussels alone.  My only real gripe was the paella.  First off, I'm pretty sure it's not supposed to be liquidy...Spanish paella definitely isn't.  On top of that, I don't understand why these types of restaurants still charge $20+/person.  We're in California, home of the small plate and communal eating.  Even though there are 4 of us, it doesn't mean we need a huge pan of rice...we just want a little taste.  We were hoping to get away with a 2 person serving, but the waitress ordered a 3 person serving costing $69!  In Spain, 4 of us shared a 2 person pan, but you do feel a little guilty about it.  The point is I shouldn't feel guilty about wanting a smaller portion cuz I'm almost always on a diet! But overall, I really enjoyed the meal.  The ropa vieja was yummy and came with what else but the paella saffron rice.  But even with the paella, we each spent about $40 including alcohol and tip...so not bad.  I didn't realize until after I read more reviews when I got home that the mojito glasses were souvenir glasses for us to keep... that would've made me feel a little better about spending so much on the paella.  Obviously, I'm not over it...
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2007,7/10/2007,1071,862,29,22,21>Jeans Palace reminds me of a store in East San Jose called San Jose Blue Jeans that I used to shop at when I was a young thug coming up in the hood. I decided to wander over and take a look inside while waiting for my turkey burger to be cooked at Slider's, which is a few doors over in the same center.  The first thing I noticed was the rhinestone Raider's medallion in the glass case. I was tempted to buy it for my fellow gang member (I'm in an all girls gang called the Ladybugs). It was hard to resist, but I passed. The thought of how many 40's of Old E. I could buy with that money made it easy to pass up. They have excellent deals on essentials here, for instance, I found  sweat pants for my guy for only  $14.99. These are the super thick ones that have the soft lining with the cargo pockets- they even had sweat shorts! They carry  lots of plain and printed hoodies and sweats for both men and women as well. And- well, they aren't called Jeans Palace for no reason-they carry a wide assortment of jeans by Levi's, Ecko, G-Unit, Apple bottoms, and more. The best deal that I found- had to be on children's school uniforms by Dickie's. If you are a parent of a child who wears uniforms- then you already know that uniforms can get expensive. Dickie's brand is durable- and Jeans Palace carries them at an excellent value. I also noticed rhinestone watches for both men and women by Ecko, and more. And YES- they carry grills! They even carry shoes. I was actually quite impressed that they had such a large variety of  items- this is a ghetto person's paradise! For serio, homes! They also have the largest stock of Bay Area, and bedazzled  Mac Dre shirts that I have ever seen anywhere! Even though I would never shop here for anything for myself unless I were going to a gangsta theme party,  I give four stars because Jeans Palace deserves it for great customer service, and a large stock of items at fair prices!
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2007,7/9/2007,78,235,15,9,9>My (our) experience at 99 Chicken was pretty surreal. We were seated in the private room near the back. Here the owners have made the smart move of hiding the water heater, replacing the fluorescent overhead tubes with black lights, draping a light rope around the room, placing an old typewriter in the corner, giving patrons a bell to ring for service, and posting pictures of customers on the wall (I can't wait to go back and see us up there). The staff consisted of a man & woman that spoke little English, but were so nice & funny you almost forgot about it. For example, the woman was taking away our plates and started fishing for someone to eat the last chicken wing we had left behind. I guess I stood out (again, token white guy syndrome), so she proceeded to slide the plate in front of me and then prepare it for me by wrapping the ends with napkins and then breaking them apart. Then, I swear I think she considered feeding them to me like I was Saudi royalty or something. Seriously everyone, she moved the chicken pretty close to my face. Anyways, I was busy eating the last piece when the guy walked in and somehow began to philosophize about how the chicken makes you have strong upper body strength or something (picture him flexing his arms while telling us this) and then began doing what can only be described as small martial arts movements with his arms & hands. It was effing priceless and our resident photographer at the table failed to get a shot off in time (for shame!). Anyways we just got chicken here - the fire chicken which is their specialty and is good and spicy (about a 6 on a scale to 10 I'd say), and then a few other kinds including what looked like regular, lightly fried drumsticks which I didn't get to try. I will most definitely return here, both for the food and for the entertaining service. One thing to note I think you're supposed to take your bill up to the register to pay. Someone in our party gave them man a credit card with the bill and he walked off with it but never returned.
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/19/2007,7/8/2007,0,0,7,4,5>I think the ahjushi (mister) should check his sound systems because my beautiful voice sounded horrible. I'm just kidding. =] Even though I can't carry a tune, I think I sound way better at Oakland's Jaguar. This is just my personal opinion. ^^The ahjushi only charges $18/hour during the early evenings. He also has 11 rooms with mikes that have cute little covers to protect me from your nasties. haha. I just didn't like how the place smelled so strongly of clorox. Maybe the unhealthy air made my songbird voice sound so unpleasant!
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/26/2006,7/7/2007,658,727,24,15,13>(placeholder)(11.27.06 who the eff marked this review "Cool"?  I haven't even written it yet!... but thank you nevertheless.12:59pm... hahaha you guys are so silly!  Thanks for the UFC's!11.28.06 you guys! what is wrong with you?  no review yet, can't you see?  I'm still fantasizing about the juiciness and flavor of their Ft. Worth ribeye, and the scrumptulescence of their rolls with the sweet cinammon butter.  Who wants to join me to get some Texas roadhouse steak? cawl me!11.29.06 i forgot to put my number down  604-0119.  that's useful, no?12.02.06 still have not gone to Tx Roadhouse.  I still can't believe you guys are putting UFC's up on this piece.  crazy mofos.12.04.06 what's so sad is that this non-review is receiving more UFC's from you bastards than my other REAL reviews.  c'mon people!  get with the program!07.07.07 serious?! you've got to be kidding me!?  what in H-E-double hockey sticks is going on here?  An ROTD for a review that is NOT yet written.  I still haven't passed by this place, conveniently located right off 880, near other interesting food places, like Jollibee, where they serve sweet spaghetti with hotdogs.... but thanks anyway! K.I.T. Have a great summer!)
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,9/27/2012,556,284,6,10,8>The restaurant is a lot smaller than I expected and can be a bit crowded. I like how they have outdoor seating available, perfect for a sunny lunch. We did family-style and ordered a bunch of dishes, we had the ceviche mixto, chauffa de seafood which was my favorite it's like seafood paella, the aguadito de pescado was kind of scary at first because it was this bright green soup, we thought it was going to be overpowered with cilantro flavor but it was surprisingly good!! The flavors were perfectly balanced.CAUTION: The green sauce they have is arse kickin HOT, don't be fooled by it's mellow green color.  So it's probably not a good idea to dump it all over your food. Service can be very slow and a bit disorganized, but other than that the food is great!  I will definitely be back!
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,9/26/2012,777,314,11,12,12>Situated inside the Lawrence Food Plaza Court, I wonder how I missed this place after so many visits to Jang Su Jang.  Going from counter to counter, I couldn't decide which place to eat at.  I love how they have a real sample of every dish so there's no guessing what you get.After about 10 minutes of strolling back and forth, I decided BBQ Town had the best selection of what I was craving all for $10!  You place your order and they hand you a buzzer which allows you to roam around the courtyard and grab yourself a table.  There are water dispensers everywhere but the cups are about the size of those disposable rinse cups the dentist gives you to after sticking their hands in your mouth.  Since I drink a lot during my meals, I need to grab like 2 cups so I only have to refill half as often. Next time I'm gonna bring a Big Gulp cup with me.   LOL.Lemme tell you for the money, you aren't gonna get even half as stuffed as you would next door and the wait is a fraction of what you'd expect at JSJ.  This is a great place to hit up during lunch.
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,9/25/2012,116,41,13,14,10>Do you hear that? Probably not, because feet and joints can't talk.. so instead, they are flexing happily in gratitude to Fitgeek Sports!I stopped by Fitgeek after an unimpressive visit to a popular running store in Palo Alto. I wanted a second opinion and more variety, so Yelp led me to Fitgeek (and was conveniently near work). Fitgeek is a lean piece of meat between its fatty neighbors (Ikes and Panda Express), and while I didn't have any issue with parking, the lot is small and could see how it'd be problematic during peak grubbin hours.Upon entering, the owner (Wing) took no time to welcome and situate me to finding my pair of running shoes. While the PA store simply made me walk and jog a small distance to gauge my feet/gait, Wing measured my foot sizes, the angles of my arch, and watched me walk/run with their treadmill cam. Bonus points for the foot skeleton to illustrate proper running-- added a doctoral touch to the trip ;).Pair after pair, size after size, I tested several pairs. When his wife finished helping her customer, both she and Wing helped me find a shoe. I was conscious on time and apologized profusely for being there so late to closing... Wing and his wife assured me it was no problem and continued to work with me, even after closing time. No rush, no hurry-- just patience (and their friendly pup) and a passion for getting the perfect fit.I couldn't decide between two pairs of shoes, and the differences seemed so intangible. They let me do a side-by-side comparison outside (one shoe on one foot, different on the other) and I could somehow discern which was the better shoe. Walked out beaming and excited for my new shoes! No more knee pain. No more hard impact when I jog. All thanks to FitGeek....and sorry this is so long, but I wish I could give them 6 STARS, because the other day (a full week or two since my visit), Wing emailed me to ask how the new shoes were treating me. If that isn't stellar customer service, then I'm shopping at the wrong stores...this blew me away! Thanks again, and thanks so much, to Fitgeek!
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,9/24/2012,211,504,5,6,6>21+ Nightlife!! If you haven't been to one, you must go! lots of fun exhibits, bartenders + drinks (tech-tinis, how cute is that?), DJ, and food (kitchen closes early though).+++bonus points: they accept credit cards for admission tickets and drink/ food ticketsI parked in the underground lot across the street. if you see street parking, make sure it's not 30 mins only- sign says enforced 24/7.After the tech museum (11:00 PM), we ate at Original Joes down the street since it's open late. perfect end to a fun night.
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,9/23/2012,396,240,6,12,12>I am so happy I finally got to dine here. I've been missing out!!We arrived 10 minutes before our reservation and were seated promptly. What my date and I ordered: Seared Foie Gras - Absolutely amazing. The pairings were perfect. I am devastated that I tried this so late and now the ban is upon us.. T.THamachi Shots - Their most popular appetizer. It's an explosion of harmonious flavors. Cannot wait to come back for this. Ribeye - Very good! I don't eat too much steak so this was perfect for us to share and we even had some left over. Truffle Fries - I absolutely loved this. I was warned that the truffle flavor was overwhelming, but there can never be too much truffle for me! :)They also started us off with complementary pieces of watermelon topped with some kind of sauce and a spritzer before our entree to cleanse our pallets. They were both so good. I'm sad I don't remember what they were! We ended the night with complementary mini macarons, heart shaped cookies/madeleines and grape flavored cotton candy. YUM! Service was great. The staff was attentive and friendly. I felt so comfortable and welcome. This is a wonderful option for a special occasion or date.
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,9/22/2012,830,598,12,14,14>Gochi's? My simple answer, "YES!"Great Japanese Tapas EVER! You can't back down when someone asks if you'd like to have lunch or dinner at this fine establishment.Rules:1. Do NOT skip on their appetizers. Practically everything you devour is delicious!2. DO order a drink or two, maybe more? I love their flavored sake, as well as a glass of beer in hand.3. Order EVERYTHING you CAN!I've had the pleasure of having many courses of food here. I can't name the countless times I've eaten their specialized Japanese "pizzas" to anything but their yummy clay pot dishes. My favorites, so far, curry korroke (potato curry puffs), kurobuta chasu (thinly sliced bbq kurobuta pork belly), okonomiyaki style (squid, side-pork, cabbage and okonomi sauce pizza), gyutan shioyaki (grilled beef tongue), ankimo (steamed monkfish liver in ponzu), salmon aburi (balsamic-ponzu, grated wasabi cucumber drizzled with truffle oil), etc. I wish to say more, but of course, you'd have to come here and try these dishes yourself! FYI...don't forget they also have "specials of the day" menu!If you want to impress a business client, take them here! If you want to impress your date, take your date here! If you want to celebrate your birthday, invite everyone here! You get the idea!!!Service is impressive, decor is simple yet adorned Japanese style, and the food....you'll want to come back for more! For the Yelpers who think this place is overrated, you're wrong. There's no better place to get fine dining Japanese food! I've had a difficult time to get anything close to REAL Japanese fusion tapas since my last trip there but this place gets all five stars! The restaurant may be expensive, but it's for those who have palates to indulge and splurge on divine food! Plan ahead and make reservations! During dinner service, they're well overbooked, so it's easier to have a reservation than dropping in at the last minute if you're lucky to get a table.Overall, I have no complaints whatsoever! What are you waiting for?! Stop reading this and go!!
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/21/2012,282,253,6,9,7>So it's around Halloween, and I like my candy hard~ (now, get your mind out of the gutter!) Whilst enjoying a yummy watermelon Jolly Rancher, I decide to bite into it ... and one of my back molars makes this crazy pop sound. Oh great, this is exactly what I want to obsess about. My incredibly old mercury filling happily crumbles away from my tooth, as I ponder what lawyer I should hire if I choose to swallow my poison filling. But I simply spit it out and find a dentist instead.Since I don't have dental insurance, I need a deal. So I find Miruna Vlad on the Yelp deals, and away I go! Her office is nestled amongst other dental offices in a type of *dental center* and I easily find her building on the map in the front. (She's basically smack dab in the middle, so you can park anywhere and cut through to the center of the plaza.)Nothing fancy, just a basic office with the dentist, receptionist, and hygienist. No TV to stare at or iPod plug ins, so don't be expecting to be blown away by the technology. I've had dentists in the past with all the high tech stuff, and was terribly disappointed with their service, so I didn't mind this at all. I just want my tooth fixed.So I get the x-rays and a cleaning, so my next visit was to fix my tooth. (Keep in mind I wasn't in any pain, so by no means was my tooth an emergency.) I was pretty sure I was going to need a crown, and Dr. Vlad also let me know there was a possibility that I might need a root canal. Splendid. I've only heard horror stories about root canals, so this is something that I am not necessarily looking forward to. (My last dentist almost called an ambulance for me since my blood pressure shot through the roof over a filling repair, I'm not terribly trusting of people who are working on my teeth) Now don't misunderstand me, I'm not AFRAID of dentists, I jus think they might inadvertently KILL me with what they INJECT me with. So needless to say I don't really trust them all that much. So guess what ... I got a root canal! I can safely say that it was smooth through the entire process -- I actually was falling asleep during one of my visits! Dr. Vlad is sweet, gentle, incredibly attentive and always looking out for my needs. Since then I've had another cleaning and a cracked filling replaced. She may not be fancy, but this is the first dentist I have encountered that has AMAZING customer service, gentle, kind, and very keen to my needs, all while not breaking the bank.
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,9/20/2012,77,192,3,5,5>Sandwiches on the expensive side but honestly, Ike's makes the best ones! I haven't tried one I didn't like. The dutch bread is soo good. Favorites: Matt Cain - Meaty goodness!Menage A Trois - Sweet and juicy!Still yummy:Hot Momma Huda - I only wish this was more spicy!We're Just Friends - Juicy!My only complaint is that they need more seats but yay for Ike's in the South Bay!
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,9/19/2012,405,378,7,9,9>American Cheese Stick is still delish after all these years.Yes, I realize that there is nothing healthy about anything on the menu...But its just so good!American cheese on a stick with a small lemonade just hits the spot for about $6.
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,9/18/2012,288,379,6,8,5>I've been to many vegetarian fast food places and this place has got to be one of the best place I've been to. I've been here about 2x..both during lunch hour so this place was pretty busy. Not much seating area inside..around 4-5 small tables so don't expect to get a table right away. But people usually eat pretty fast so both time by the time I ordered and got my food, I was able to find a table. I usually order the pre-made items w/ rice and they were all pretty good. My favorite side item is definitely the kabobs..I just love the flavor of it. The pricing is also not bad..3 item w rice is around $6. I actually bought some kabobs and items togo for my grandma and she also likes it alot. He usually orders the bun bo hue which is probably one of the best vegetarian bun bo hue I've tried. The broth looks a bit oily..but the flavor and everything is good. This is definitely my go to spot for vegetarian food.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,6/25/2010,697,211,13,16,16>'Hipster' joint or not, this dive bar is good in my book for various reasons, and because it's in the heart of downtown and across from SJSU, there will be a barrage of college kids  on their fixed gear bikes hanging around which to me equates to a myriad of opportunities to meet someone! It's a big mix of people who come here: lots of youngin's, and some in their 40's even, but they all keep it fun nonetheless. The odd thing about it is every time I'm here they have Zoolander playing on tv and some sports channel on the other. Maybe I should donate some old DVD's so they can change it up once in a while. Drinks are cheap if you're not looking to spend so much but want a buzz ($4 on saturdays!). I've met some pretty amazing people here, hardly any pretentiousness - I mean how COULD they be? It's a dive bar. Towards the back of the bar is a lone  pool table, which means if it's a super crowded night there won't be much room for you to play. So good points are: chill atmosphere/folks, and cheap liquor & beer (Pabst, Red Stripe, NewCastle, etc). Best days to come here are Thursdays-Saturday if you don't mind a little bit of crowding. Kudos on the wall art!
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2009,6/24/2010,849,1374,18,13,8>Amok at Chez Sovan Can Lead to MURDER...Why am I perpetually disappointed by Southeast Asian restaurants that aren't Thai? It's not just Cambodian like Chez Sovan either - I've also been burned by Burmese and maligned by Malaysian. (One exception: Battambang, the Cambodian restaurant in Downtown Oakland).I'd heard a lot of good things about Chez Sovan, despite it's location in a rough patch on the edge of downtown. Well that location isn't open for dinner (plus, I want to live), so we checked out their location in Campbell.We started with Sach Ang (Shish Kabob). For $2 you get a very substantial stick o' meat. The beef was chewy but was nicely flavored and much better than the chicken which was dark meat and had texture issues.There are two portion sizes for almost all entrees, with small entrees priced at $7.95 and large at $10.95. Small is still huge. We ordered one app (everyone had one huge skewer) and three entrees for four people and we still had leftovers. (Mostly that was the Amok but I'll get to that.) We shared three entrees:Samlaw Curry Moin. This reminded us of Thai yellow curry chicken since it included coconut milk, potatoes, and carrots.Cha Kroeng Moin. This was a stir fried chicken dish with bell peppers, onions, and carrots. Both this and the yellow curry were fine but not special. Also, the chicken was dark meat.Amok with Chicken. Huge mistake. HUGE MISTAKE. People on Yelp rave about this dish (the catfish version), which is also Chez Sovan's specialty. It must be an acquired taste. Basically chicken, spinach, coconut milk, and spices are steamed in a banana leaf until it's one big pyramid-shaped pile of mush. I wouldn't even know the ingredients (because who can see through a pyramid of slop?) except that I looked them up on their menu. You could taste the spices and see a couple pieces of chicken here and there among the Amok mush, but it was for the most part Amok run amok.I just looked up Amok in the dictionary, and I shit you not, this was the definition: 1. (among members of certain Southeast Asian cultures) a psychic disturbance characterized by depression followed by a manic urge to murder.That's right - A MANIC URGE TO MURDER. That's probably because they just ate Amok.Seriously, apparently "running amok" is derived from the Malay/Indonesian/Filipino word amuk, meaning "mad with rage" (uncontrollable rage).We also decided that although foods steamed in a banana leaf always sound good, they ALWAYS turn out disappointing. ALWAYS.We were some of the last diners there and after we ordered dessert we discovered that the chefs had already left.When we arrived, Chez Sovan was practically empty but the parking lot was full. We discovered that was because the Coach Lounge shared the lot. That must be SOME bar, because the scariest dude ever passed us on the way to our car. He had a long greyish beard and long stringy tails of hair on each side of his head. We each sketched him after the fact - doesn't everyone do that? If you combine all our drawings he apparently was sporting an anchor tattoo, Rambo style headband, and the hot look of overalls and no shirt, all the while encircled by flies and an everpresent booze smell. Also, according to one person he was a hobo and Coach Lounge was offering half price hobo night. Doesn't this make you want to check out Coach Lounge?P.S. Kari S. just wrote to me that they thought the amok tasted like curried cat food. I thought that was the PURRRRRFECT description.
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,6/23/2010,428,2224,14,14,15>Since I wanted to comply with the "yelp rules" I had to wait until I got a chance to go here since it has been in forever (like first few years of college) since I have come here.  This place is like Rosine's in Monterey which means huge portions meant for three people and lots of desserts. After not wanting to go to VIP, some of the SBCers came here last night after doing the Yelp Drinks Bar Crawl.... it still looks the same and menu is still super long and intimidating. My bf got eggs over easy, bacon, hash browns and an English muffin. I opted for the Strawberry Napoleon. My Napoleon was huge, the custard was creamy perfect.. strawberry sugary goodness...... My Bf's hash browns were less than stellar but the his eggs were done well and his English Muffin wasn't soft and gross.. the open faced sides were crispy while the rest of the muffin was still soft.. I ended up eating some of it and taking most of my S.N. home. Service was good... no complaints from me.
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,6/22/2010,388,717,10,13,13>I always pass by but never got a chance to try till tonight. We decided to try something new besides the usual around SR and I thought of White Shallot. Close enough for dinner before our movie. It's a very cute and great little place. It's a good place to go for a date and just talk. The restaurant serve French and Vietnamese cuisine. The hostess greeted us and was very friendly. Our waiter was great checked up on us but not over bearing. I know you all want the break down of the food. Here goes: Shrimp Chips - Yes I ate all of these myself.  This is one of my weakness, esp good chipsMushroom Soup - Very simple dish and earthy. This one doesn't have any cream at all but has the very bold flavor of mushrooms Green Papaya Salad with Beef - This taste great to me. Not overly spicy. My dining partner thought it need some salt Lemongrass Tofu and Veggie Ham - I love tofu and with Lemongrass is great but the sauce I thought it was a little on the sweet side. Went great with rice but as is it's a tad sweet. You can choose from Jasmine or Brown rice. Came with a small side salad Striped Bass with Saffron Sauce and Fennel with Wild Rice - This was the special for the night. The fish was cooked perfectly and you can taste the fish. Sauce was light and the fennel added well with the sauce. He enjoyed ever bite of it. Kumquat Cream Brulee - I was curious of how this dish would taste as Kumquat was the star. It taste like a orange creamcicle. Perfectly sweet with a great sugar crust. Great food, great company, and great service. Perfect place for date night. Will be back to try other dishes.
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,6/21/2010,942,253,15,20,17>First off, I would highly recommend that if you decide to come for dinner that you do one of two things: arrive when they open OR make a reservation.  This will help you enjoy your time here as it's a popular spot.  Sumiya is also open for lunch with a limited menu.I've had yakitori (grilled foods) when we lived in Japan a million years ago.  Back then, the food came quickly and literally hot off the grill with juices flowing with each bite.  Fast forward to the present at Sumiya and the experience is somewhat different but the flavors are still great!If you have never been to a yakitori style restaurant, make sure you ask your server questions on how to order for your party of two or ten and suggestions on what's hot on the menu.  The first time we went we were a  party of two and basically ordered items a la carte with Japanese beer and hot tea to wash it all down with.  There is a special menu of the day as well as the standard menu available every day.  I would suggest making selections from both menus to get a varied taste experience.  On our first visit, we tried the following items:  Crispy Chicken Skin Dip (chicken skin with an octopus salsa dip), Kakuni (braised pork & Daikon on a skewer-daikon being a white peppery radish for those not familiar), Yakinasu (grilled Japanese eggplant with ginger & bonita flakes + soy), Ika sugata yaki (whole squid grilled with yakitori sauce) and the folowing grilled (yakitori) skewers - chicken sasami (grilled chicken breast meat) with Yuzugoshou (citrus flavored chili pepper), Kamo (grilled duck breast with green onion), Atsuage (fried tofu), Ebi (New Caledonia shrimp), Kalbi (Kobe style beef).  These items were all from the standard menu.  We ordered the scallops with wasabi sauce with daikon radish sprouts on top from the special menu of the day.  Be aware that some items will include two skewers each or may include only one skewer so read the menu carefully.On a subsequent visit, we decided to try the dinner combination which includes soup, which we did not have on our first visit as well as a rice dish (don).  This was equally delicious and what I would recommend if ordering a la carte seems daunting for your first outing.The food on both visits was delicious and came to our table hot.  When ordering a la carte, you will not get all items you ordered all at one time, more piece meal but it's fun chatting, eating and drinking making for an enjoyable dining experience.Service was good and attentive on both visits.  We look forward to more visits to this yakitori!  I would like to try it for lunch next time.
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,6/20/2010,576,429,14,20,16>Oh En, you surprise me.I met up with my very Japanese girlfriend whose very Japanese dad recommended En. Izakaya style of food is a favorite of mine and I was so excited to try this place - finally!Unlike Tanto or Gochi, En doesn't get too crowded or noisy - at least for now! We sat at the bar, which is a cute, cozy little spot - perfect for couples too. I like the open kitchen but it stinks up your clothes, especially if you sit that close!The menu, like all izakaya, is really robust, ranging from noodles/rice, salads, sashimi, fried plates, rice balls, etc. We picked several dishes and tried to get a nice range but failed.We had nothing but meat!- Beef Guts: not my favorite dish (because it tasted like bamboo, which I don't like!)- Ankimo with Sashimi: reallllly good but realllly expensive- Rice balls with Roe: crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and yummy!- Spicy Squid: very chewy! tasted like sweet &amp; sour pork, except with squid. pretty good.I liked En and the menu is so big, you have to go back to try the other dishes :)The drinks were real good too!
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,6/19/2010,539,247,9,10,11>My hunt for local new dives continues. We made our way to this relatively new BBQ joint in a part of San Jose I am not familiar with. I tell ya, I have been a native here for all my life and I haven't seen all of San Jose!We both ordered the Cuban Sandwich, but my side selection was the Mac n' Cheese being the Mac n' Cheese enthusiast that I am. This is not your typical pressed Cuban, it came loaded with tons and tons of pulled pork! I have to say this is some of the best pulled pork I had to date. No fat or skin anywhere! Just moist succulent pork with every bite. Ok I gave this place 4 out of 5 stars because:1) Service: cashiers were preoccupied prepping and not serving customers faster when there were only a few of us there. The manager was real awesome, he came out and asked if we were enjoying our food and dug the bbq. I was honest and told them the sauce could be spicier.2) BBQ Sauce: Every BBQ joint needs a signature sauce, Blue Rocks was flavorful but I felt was a little too sweet and needed more of a kick3) Mac n' Cheese: Nothing spectacular. I did like how it was in casserole form, but it was kind of bland for my taste buds.4) Cuban Sandwich: Was delicious, the bread was buttery and perfectly toasted. Loved the pickles and loads of pulled pork. The only thing the sandwich could use was more ham, there was only this thin piece of ham.5) Portions: More than generous, I couldn't eat the other half of my sandwich. Everything on the menu is affordable, won't cost u an arm and leg.6) They use biodegradable take out containers!To sum it up, I am def a fan. How do I know this? I have been craving another Cuban sandwich already. I definitely want to try their chicken and ribs as well!
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2009,6/18/2010,375,196,12,14,14>Back to five stars?  Really John?  YES!My favorite date and myself went to Teske's after watching Tommy at the City Lights Theater down the street.  It's not walking distance, but this place is always my after place for the plays.  Affordable large large beers and great shots to be had of many German favorites.  But now, the beer garden out in the back is open and they had a live band!  It was pretty great to be able to sit outside and enjoy a beer, listen to some tunes and catch up with new friends we had just met.   Also, for those who keep asking my about my amazing waiter that had nothing but the best suggestions of everything, his name is Frank.It has been too long since we've been here for dinner so I think I'll try to surprise the wife this coming week.  This time, it will be a cab night so we can have a couple of the Jaeger Tea's each.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2009,6/17/2010,132,237,10,11,10>after over 1,000 miles of mountain biking, there comes a time that a simple mechanic like myself needs help.recently, took my bike in for my blown fork and some very small play on my stem. fork has a lifetime warranty, so, the rebuild was free. the play on my stem was fixed along with a complete tune-up on my rig.i really like this shop and i highly recommend it too. they are really a good bunch of guys here who are not pushy, friendly, open and knowledgable. speaking of mountain biking, need to load up the rig and hit the dirt.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,6/16/2010,361,297,11,13,18>What better way to celebrate 2010 than with an expensive and delicious steak dinner with red wine?  While I am a meat lover, I'm still fairly new to  fine dining at steakhouses.  After hearing wonderful things about Alexander's, I convinced my fiance that we MUST have our NYE dinner here.  It was practically a perfect evening of simple indulgence.  We had a nice little table in the corner with a very attentive waiter, who walked us through the menu with his personal recommendations and wine pairings.  We decided to skip the NYE menu and, literally, dive right into the "meat" of the meal - I was in the mood for thick and hearty steak!  Me: the 10oz filet mignon and the fiance: the most expensive thing on the menu - the 12oz Australian Kobe steak.  The steak was unbelievably tender and juicy, enhanced with their simple side sauce.  Alexander's steak was melt in your mouth delicious - I hardly had to chew.The chef is Texan and Japanese, so that explains the Asian spin on the menu (not to mention the great quality of beef).  The hamachi shots were fun to eat and quite innovative - swirl the ingredients of fresh fish, avocado, jalapeno, ginger, ponzu sauce, some crunchies, take a swig, and feel the magic take place on your tongue.  The macaroni cheese with lobster and truffle oil turned a comfort side into a gourmet dish.  This place tops off an already filling and delicious meal with a surprising treat of fluffy pink cotton candy!  Even a classy place like Alexander's can have a whimsical touch.  Well worth the $300 we spent for a high-quality delicious meal!
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,10/11/2013,77,119,6,10,6>It's hard to say which is sweeter, the ice cream or the decor.  We're talking a serious case of cute overload.  If you love the color pink and are around the age of nine you'll think you've died and gone to heaven at Sweet Rendezvous.  Fortunately the ice cream is just as off the hook as the decor is.Truth be told, I was somewhat overwhelmed by all the flavors they offer.  The guys behind the counter were great though.  "You can sample them all if you want," they offered.  And yes, I wanted to, but no, I didn't.  Fortunately they have what they call "the teaser."  It's a scoop of ice cream about a quarter of the size of a regular ice cream scoop.  You choose the flavor(s) you want and then choose another flavor for your teaser. I ordered a single scoop of Chocolate Peanut Butter ($3.50) with a teaser of Mocha Chip.  The CPB was pretty good but nothing mind blowing.  The Mocha Chip, however, was incredible.There's a decent amount of seating both in and outside of the store and plenty of parking since it's in a fairly large strip mall.  I'm definitely going back.
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,10/10/2013,354,172,3,17,4>First of all, park at Sears if you want to park close. If you (like me) need to do a digestion walk, park at Macy's. Our group ate so much that I was thankful I didn't pass out at our table.Anyhoo...The sushi and sashimi here is very good and fresh. When I go to a buffet, I always head to the sushi first. At Tatami, I was not disappointed. There was a ton of choices and as I kept doing my returns, they kept refilling the sushi in a timely manner.  I never had a look of disappointment I usually get at other buffets. I was also a big fan of the side dish table. They had cold tofu, kimchi, japchae, cucumber salad, wakame salad, and a bunch of other stuff. Since it's summer, I welcomed the huge selection of cold sides. The salad bar is interesting since they also had cold cuts and cheeses. I enjoyed the shrimp cocktail a lot because THEY ACTUALLY PEELED IT FOR YOU. I was so happy because I rarely see that at buffets. I hardly ever get the shrimp at other places because I'm too lazy to peel them. Hot food bar included a lot of grilled meat. Even though I usually don't get hot food at buffets, I couldn't help myself and got some awesome tempura and quail. Totally "schway". They had a crepe station at the dessert table! I ordered a banana crepe and ran a bunch of soft serve on it then sprinkled it with chocolate and powdered sugar. Awesome! I also noticed the chocolate fountain with marshmallows and bananas on skewers, but I was too full after that. You would expect to have service be non-existent since it's a buffet but I was happy that our waiter was checking up on us a lot. Our used plates were taken very quickly and our drinks were refilled. All together, I would love to come back when I'm in the area.
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,10/9/2013,136,162,14,23,11>I've never felt more like a woman. ShibuyaSJ carries aimerfeel -- a japanese lingerie brand -- which does wonders for your girls!!!Like other reviews have mentioned, this place definitely caters to the smaller chested asian folk. But every woman will look amazing in the bras here. I went from looking like an A cup to looking like a C-borderline-D cup. And it's not even a lot of padding... it's just pushing the boobs that I already have in a very flattering way! Also, the customer service here is outstanding. Be prepared to be followed around by an associate. If you anticipate it, then it's less annoying. And actually, they are very helpful in teaching you how to correctly wear a bra. I love love love this place. A giftcard here would be a perfect gift for your girlyfriends!Ca$h preferred, but credit cards accepted.Oh, and please no creepy compliments/messages/requests for pics before and after... that's just weird!
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,10/8/2013,2666,2599,9,18,11>Coming from the busy dirtiness of Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk, I found the Capitola City Beach to be like a refreshing breeze. This beach has some nice, soft white (or very light colored) sand, is relatively clean, and much calmer probably due to its geographic location than Santa Cruz.The waves are a bit gentler and the beach is definitely one more more lounging and laxing than in Santa Cruz.The beach is on the backside of what I'd call their "downtown" area so many restaurants and bars have back patios that look out onto the beach. It definitely makes for a pleasant stroll. They also have a nice area where you can wash off your feet at the end of the beach and everything is kept pretty clean.A great place to stroll around downtown and then relax at the beach with a drink!
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,10/7/2013,158,249,5,5,5>Obviously, nothing is better than dad's BBQ at home, but Smoking Pig was a complete hospitable and vibrant place with lip-licking deliciousness. We came on a busy Saturday early dinner time and it was already crowded, and luckily, we were seated in a couple minutes. We saw the live band getting set up and at first, we were near the 'stage' area but our nice waitress let us move to a different place. Each table has a roll of paper towels and I find three sauces: Carolina Sassy, California Honey and Kansas Hot. Sassy was tangy and had a mustard blend. California was my fav (I love the sweet BBQ sauces). Kansas "hot", imo, didn't have the burn I expected. BOO!After trying the Wolf Turd, I was utterly speechless cause the meat / cheese blend stuffed in a bacon-wrapped jalapeno was turning me on! But, tbh, I took off the bacon cause it had too much fat on it. :) We then had our brisket, smoked chicken, pulled pork, ribs, corn bread, beans (awesome) and other things served in rectangular steel pans. They're being real with the BBQ style and not horsing around with plates! I think this would count as a 'themed' restaurant now, yes? The brisket fell off from the fork and it was tender, not juicy, but perfectly seasoned. Not too smokey that it kills the taste of meat. The chicken was tasty.  I'm used to juicier and deeply marinated ribs, but it was still real satisfying. I personally love moist cornbread with real corn, and I think this place used grits for it's texture and flavor. It was golden brown crust on the outside and soft inside. Good, but I still love Lillie Mae's corn bread more. Next time, I gotta try their peanut butter pie!  The hospitality and 'ya'll doing good here?'-southerny touch was great! I also had fun listening to this live Blues Band, Chrome Delux, was AWESOMEEE! They totally got the crowd applauding after every song. Killin' it! Anycase, great vibes from staff / patrons / entertainment and atmosphere. We will return.BTW they have a long beer and wine list!
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,10/6/2013,230,35,17,18,17>"He was a wise man who invented beer." - Plato.  Does philosophy and alcohol consumption belong on the same platform?  Perhaps my favorite depressant creates philosophical break throughs, like in my case.  Either way, Britannia Arms playfully likes to combine the two by placing the above statement on their lofty beer tower.  A monolith of Blue Moon for $44 and 120 oz. is pretty standard for any sports bar so the Sunday morning hair of the dog commenced.  This most recent trip had one snafu that was quickly remedied by exemplary service.  Long story short: Bad beer keg, chugged a glass of the bad beer (yes, we may have a problem), returned the rest of the tower, received a new tower.  Let me now fully disclose that 4 burnt orange stars goes to this Britannia Arms because they have the NFL Sunday Ticket and enough TV's to play ALL the games plus a few to double up.  The food is mediocre at best.  Eat before, eat after, sneak some tater tots in your cargo shorts, whatever gets you through the day.  The first time I ever went here, there were laminated  signs (highly impressed for preparation) for that Sunday's games were placed on the TV's and it was packed with fans representing each of the 32 teams in the league.  The atmosphere is electric and exciting if you're a football fan.  If you're not, then you're not American.  I said it and I'm sticking to it.  The inside gets packed quite quickly.  Depending on what time your team plays will determine how early you should get here.  This past week I had a 10am game and the inside was packed until the afternoon games but there were plenty of outdoor seating available with unclaimed TV's for my personal pleasure.  Along with umbrellas, there is a retractable awning that completely shades the outdoor seating for complete comfort during the afternoon games.  My parents, love of my life, friend and I watched gleefully as the Saints pulled through to win in Week 1's most intense nail biter, hands down.  In a nutshell: Sunday Ticket, plenty seating, eat before, beer.  I'm happy as long as I've got beer, football and my honey.
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,10/5/2013,588,559,7,13,9>I had to have a special place for my 500th review! My boyfriend took me here for my birthday several weeks ago.This restaurant has definitely a more modern look compared to it's original Nick's on Main restaurant. Sometimes modern styles can come off cold, but this place has a great ambiance and vibe. There are more tables here than the previous restaurant too, yay!We received focaccia bread and sun dried tomato dip/sauce to start and let me just say it's my favorite starter of all time. I love the dense, soft bread with the sun dried tomato, it just melts in your mouth and is full of flavor. I think I'd die if Nick ever changed this starter combination!We ordered:- Bottle of Perrucci Family Vineyard Cabernet $44- Steak Tartare - Pommes Frites/Fried Sunnyside Egg/Toasted Sourdough Bread $14- Salmon Poké with Dungeness Crab - Creamy Avocado/Smoked Bacon/Spicy Vinaigrette $12- 2 orders of Pan Roasted Rib Eye Steak with Roasted Bone Marrow/Pommes Frites/ Italian Spiced Cauliflower/Braised Pork Belly $32Everything was amazing. It was my first time having steak tartare and I thought in that dish went together nicely. The Salmon Poke was great, that sauce is to die for! Once our entrees came out, I literally think we heard a choir of angels sing. Our juicy steaks was cooked to perfection with a beautiful outer crust. The bone marrow was absolutely amazing too. I think if they still have this on the menu next time I come, I'll ask for a side of toasted bread to spread the bone marrow on.This place is magnificent. I love that everything on the menu is always delicious and that the prices are very fair. The service is impeccable and the crowd is somehow always great too! I got a lovely Vanilla Panna Cotta for my birthday dessert on the house! Being a bigger restaurant, Nick unfortunately cannot spend as much time visiting each table, but he still comes by every table to visit, including ours, even if it's just for a moment and we greatly appreciate that kind of dedication to customers. We can't wait to come back!
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/4/2013,483,277,6,10,10>What a fantastic find!! My girls and I was just out wondering Santa Cruz and after being disappointed by walking the downtown strip!We weren't expecting much. Wanted to just grab a quick drink before we head back to Santa Clara but our minds quickly changed! We walked in at the right time! It was happy hour.  The food was fantastic and the drinks super yummy! The pricing was perfect! $5 dollar HH hour food and drinks! The place is a good size and a nice big bar.  I almost felt like I was in Hawaii chillin! Great experience and will definitely go back!
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,10/3/2013,615,556,8,14,8>Who doesn't love a cheap, delicious Mexican meal?La Costa was packed when we arrived around dinner time, and I can see why. Our food was legit and reminded me of some of the best tacos I've ever had the pleasure of devouring at a stand in a shady part of downtown Cabo. And yes, it's outdoor-only seating, which is perfect for a hot spring evening.So, what should you get here? Some great choices include:Al Pastor TortaAl Pastor TacosCarne Asada "Mojado" style burritoHorchata (large)--Douse it all in their flavorful salsa roja!And you're set!
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,10/2/2013,109,342,2,7,6>I love the original Dishdash in Sunnyvale, and I love Dish 'n' Dash, also in Sunnyvale.  When I came in to place a to-go order today, I saw that the menu is approximately the combination of the two places.  What's not to like?I got my first meal to-go here, so I can't comment about the service when you dine in the restaurant.  I will say that I was greeted by Paul, who I can only assume to be the manager, who was very friendly and courteous and took time to talk with me about the menu, the beer/wine list and the opening day lunch service despite clearly being very busy.Same uber-delicious food that I've had at both Sunnyvale locations previously.  I had the shish taouk which is a staple of mine here.  Spectacular and generous portions as always.Definitely will come back to dine in for sure.
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,6/1/2013,1992,106,12,13,12>Fun place to hang out when it's us girls night out.  My friend always makes reservations for bottle service.  It's so convenient to go this route since everything is paid in advanced. They have cozy sofas and a big table to display all our drinks and appetizers.  We've tried most of the appetizers and they're much better than most clubs offer. My favorites are the nachos and the calamari.Our hostess is always nice and attentive.  One time she got security for us because she knew it was only us girls and she noticed some guys making pests of themselves at our area.  Good call!They mostly play house music which is fine, but I wish they would change it up at times during the night.  Good crowd of people and music.  We'll be coming here more often.   :)
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,5/31/2013,284,324,8,8,9>Hands down, one of my favorite restaurant of all time! I came here for my 23rd birthday and a recently for my friends 23rd birthday--AMAZING both times. During our recent trip back to Nicks we had to wait an additional 30 mins after our reserved time. Nick came out personally and apologized and happily hooked us up with extra TWO appetizers! Thank you Nick! :) Food: You always start your dinner with their delicious sundried tomato olive oil & bread. Don't make the same mistake and eat too much of their bread like me =P Appetizers: Steak tartare (I'm not a fan of dishes like this but it was actually good!), baby back ribs, and risotto croquettes in pesto sauce. I would really recommend them all of them especially the croquettes! Entrees: -Lamb lollipops: My favorite dish! It's always cooked perfectly and paired with their mash potatoes a Brussels sprouts. The sauce that accompanied this dish is delish! YOU MUST TRY THIS DISH!-Rib Eye: This is paired with bone marrow and cauliflower. I'm not a huge fan of bone marrow but i found this pretty good. Cauliflower had a nice sweet crunch. Steak is delicious as always.This restaurant is a wonderful place to celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, first dates, you name it :) Make sure you have reservations in advance because the place does get packed even on weekdays.
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,5/30/2013,221,169,6,10,9>I love this place!!! It's so close to my house!! The ingredients for the che are very fresh and they use quality ingredients. I always get the che trai cay, which is my favorite because it has a mixture of fruits and jellies in it :)My cousin has had their milk tea and she wasn't a fan. It tasted too powdery, like it wasn't mixed well, so I generally stay away from the drinks.The only thing about this place is that when it gets crowded, it will take a long time for you to get your order, but I'm still giving bambu 5 stars!
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,5/29/2013,263,558,11,14,8>Was meeting up with someone I haven't seen in a decade! (Don't worry it wasn't awkward at all =P)We both like our beer so settled on this place to swap stories and laughs.The place was a bit hard to find at night but they do have their own parking lot (though it is a bit funky- there are parking spots on both sides of the building that you can park on and it kind of throws you off when turning in for the first time)Inside its open with tables, bar, and some pool tables.  Oh and outside they have a nice patio area with lots of firetop tables to sit out when its cold!  Service is nice and friendly and you can sample their beer before you choose one- they come out in a gigantic glass for a regular size!Games are playing on their tvs and the atmosphere is laid back and not too loud.Food here is your standard fair- we went with lamb burgers and they were pretty good =)Overall it made for a nice relaxing night of catching up!
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/28/2013,312,467,10,14,12>RANT:I tell ya, I'm glad they stay open until 10pm because at 9:30pm when you're scrambling to find food and are threatened by the thought of drive-thru fast food (ala McDonald's) you're sincerely hoping there is some good food to be had at that hour.RAVE:We ordered Vietnamese food the first time around when we took our food to-go. I got the Chicken over Fried Rice and Jason took the Steak over Fried Rice. NOMMERZ! REVIEW:Chicken over Fried Rice- Deep fried 1/4 chicken over fried rice. - Rice and eggs, that's all it was, no frills. But it was soooo good. I could've had the rice alone and been happy.- The chicken must've been marinated in soy sauce and deliciousness because it came out like Peking Duck minus the grease! This is the best deep fried Vietnamese style chicken I've ever had.Steak over Fried Rice- Tender steak, cooked to order. We took ours medium rare because we were taking it to-go and knew that the beef would continue to cook in it's container.- Beef juices were puddled at the corner of its container...*droool* So good with the fried rice. - Jason cleaned off his container of food. Nuff said.Would recommend. Now I can't wait to try their Chinese food!NOTES: Will not take Credit Cards for orders under $20. Our meals totaled to $15. So bring CASH!#362
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,5/27/2013,209,185,8,11,7>Three-ish stars when it comes down to the food and general dinner service alone, but roundin' it up cause there are some pretty cute waiters and hostesses here. Come on, who doesn't like some eye candy while you're downing dat bulgogi? Can I get a heck yea? We needed a table for a party of five, but we only had two come in at the start. Thank you super cute Korean hostesses for letting just the two of us take a table before the lines began! You guys are so cool. So so cool. Cause if I was a host, I'd be like shoot. Y'all better have more then half your party here before you can feast into them short ribs, okurr? We ordered Haemul Pajeon (seafood pancake), Seafood Soon Tofu (soup), Bulgogi, and the DotoleeYachae Bibimguksoo (acorn noodles w/ veggies). Overall, the food was decent and dandy. Just not ...amazing. Seafood pancake was not as greasy as most places and pretty delightful. Bulgogi was not particularly seasoned to my liking as was on the dryer side, but it was edible. No particular complaints on the seafood jigae and acorn noodles. Also an overall decent selection of banchan as well. (BUT NO POTATO DISH?! My heart weeps...) I work as a server at a slightly notorious Cajun seafood restaurant nearby, so I know how hectic the dinner rush can be. But there were just certain periods where the servers (particularly the Ajummas) would simply walk pass by our table without noticing our empty dishes of banchan or glasses of tea. When they did attend to our refills however, they were prompt and friendly. Will definitely be coming back though. Fancy smancy dining area is quaint and it truly does have pretty good service for a  Korean place. :)
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/26/2013,1128,746,7,19,12>4.5 stars for authentic Vietnamese style Hot Pot!The family that owns Thanh Huong actually owns this whole plaza I believe and does own Lau Hai San, such an amazing family that has good taste in food!Get their Tamarind Beef w/ the rice crackers and veg on the side as well as the Spicy Thai Seafood Hot Pot. These are MUST HAVES.My family dined here with a large group and we were accommodated well, we got 4 hot pots for dinner. We started with some drinks, I got the Jackfruit Smoothie. Refreshingly sweet and it had bits of Jackfruit in it. You may want to ask them to hold the cream and cherry, since that's what it's topped with.For starters we got the Tamarind Beef, you get raw beef pre marinated and topped with red onions. Then once your burner gets going you can dip the slices into a Tamarind based sauce until cooked to your liking. I like throwing in the vegetables- watercress (I think) provided in the sauce till slightly wilted as well. Put them all in a bowl with broken up pieces of rice crackers, delicious. Savory, sweet, and tart. Balanced flavors that go great with beer!For Hot Pot we got the Spicy Thai Seafood Hot Pot which comes with:Mussels, Scallops, Clams, Squid, Sea Snail, Enoki, Fish Balls w/ Salted Fish Roe, Shrimp Balls, Enoki, King Oyster Mushroom, Shrimp, Tofu & Fish Cake. You also get a big plate of Garland Chrysanthemum and Rice NoodlesThe broth is great and all the flavor components of Thai food; the sweet, salty, spicy and savory. It's so good to cook everything in and good enough to eat it on it's own. Grab a bowl of the broth and add the rice noodles to make it a noodle soup. All the seafood was fresh and the portion was well enough for four people to share.We also got fried rice, which was different than your typical fried rice as it has actually charring to it. Pretty good.The service was good, waters were refilled, burners replaced when empty and for the price of around $25 bucks per pot it's pretty good especially if you're sharing with other people. The place is also very clean!The only con, is that the plaza itself is very small with limited parking and the interior should figure something out to accommodate more people. The booths are a bit bulky.
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,5/25/2013,122,235,6,8,10>This is why I love little hole-in-the-wall places!They're usually tiny, hardly any decor/ambiance, and the people don't usually speak english very well - BUT the food they got is always genuine, homemade and delicious! I walked in and my first thought was, "Whoa it's tiny!" Right when you walk through the door, you're already next to the counter, lol! After seeing the reviews on yelp, I immediately asked for the soft tofu pudding with ginger. The lady happily said, "$2.50" and handed me this HUGE tub. I was confused at first because it was so big! Definitely worth your change and then some! SJ Tofu Company's cold silken tofu pudding with sweet ginger syrup is LEGIT. You think what you get at those chinese dim sum places in those push carts are the real deal?? They ain't cause this place makes em' better! The tofu is so fresh, silky and airy, but firm enough that it doesn't crumble. It's luscious and creamy as custard! Take a spoon, scoop a piece and it slices clean and pretty.  The ginger syrup is fragrant but my only criticism would be that it's a bit bland. The sweetness is there but I felt like it was just missing something. Could be a personal preference though since there are many different ways silken tofu pudding dessert can be prepared, seasoned and served. Come here and try a tub! But remember to bring yo' cash!
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,5/24/2013,238,229,8,13,10>Today is Wednesday and I have been wanting to try Hongry Kong. I have yelped them before but my choice always goes back to Rice Rockit but since they weren't there Hongry Kong was next in line. I really like the concept they got going on. The first step is to choose the kind of sauce or marinade you'd llike your meat to taste then you choose the kind of meat with rice or spaghetti noodle.So I chose the Firecrackin Pepper sauce over grilled chicken with steamed rice.Omg! It was actually very good. I really like it. I would def come back to try something else.It came in a little tin to go box with a clear lid, so it's easy to take with you or keep your food hot since of the other food trucks just give you a paper bowl.
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,5/23/2013,202,151,6,10,9>Secret hotspot. While everyone waits in line at single barrel, were getting our drink on! Single barrel isn't the only speak easy around anymore. Better watch out! Theres a bigger and friendlier beast in town! Absolutely loved the service and absolutely loved the open space! Easy to read menus and easy to chat with bartenders. Lots of couches or tables around so you can take your pick! And love how it's on ground floor with higher ceilings. Even if you love the ambiance of single barrel, should still check this place out. Drinks are equally good if not better. Cheaper too!Actually everyone stay away so I can keep this treasure all to myself!!
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,7/29/2011,360,550,5,8,9>I've been wanting menudo & decided to finally go to the new Chavez Supermarket - so glad I did!  It's not as big as it looks from the outside but it's much bigger than a lot of the ethnic markets around town.  I felt like a child again when I looked at the mexican sweet bread and spotted the marranitos!  My Dad used to always buy me one and they still taste the same.  They also have Tres Leches cakes and some other giggly jello-type cakes like I've never seen before.  I really loved the produce section.  They have a wide variety of fresh and eye appealing veggies.  When it came time to purchase my items, there was only one register open, however, someone quickly came and pulled me to another register to aviod a long line - love when that happens!
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,7/28/2011,637,212,23,15,13>Du ma... This place is the g-spot of all com tam a.k.a. Vietnamese broken rice plates. I could just com (rice) thinking about eating here right now! The aroma just walking up to this place can seduce your hunger. This broken rice haven is dead smack in the middle of Eastside San Jose where the deer and the Asians reign. Come here on a busy day (weekends usually) and find yourself transported back to Vietnam. The parking in this place is icky but it's totally worth it.Upon being seated, I feel like I'm being teased. I see all the delicious plates being brought straight from the kitchen out and I just want to judo-chop one of the waiters to snatch a plate. The menu conveniently in Vietnamese and subtitled in English. I zoom into my dish which is the com tham ga nguon (broken rice with marinated grilled chicken). My eyes begin to water as I think about it...Upon ordering my dish, I also order a side of the nem nuong (grilled meatballs) and cha gio (eggrolls). I'm anticipating my foreplay that is the small bowl of soup that comes out first. I promptly speed this rendezvous up by cleaning all the utensils and dishes as this hole-in-the wall spot isn't what I would consider a high-quality restaurant. I get my fish sauce and pickled diakon ready for action. My plate arrives and I'm ready to go. Each bite sends me deeper and deeper into bliss.The chicken morsels melt in my mouth. The rice is perfectly broken. My daikon gets tossed everywhere as I'm com-ing away. The fish sauce isn't too sweet or too lemony. Wash it all down with some soda chanh (soda lemonade) and life is grand.  Overall, I'd be happy to let this place bring me to broken rice ecstasy back... Bow chicka wow wow!P.s. I gotta leave cash on the dresser because this house of com only takes cash. :P
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,7/27/2011,1167,294,13,21,13>In a nutshell:AMAZEBALLS.CHEAP.FAST.TO THE POINT.EMAIL.Jane and I communicated through email. I wanted to see if she could somehow fit me last minute the next day before my trip to Vegas. She could, but not at a time I could make. She offered the weekend, but I would be in Vegas then. Hello razor, my name is Aileen. youch. I took the slot the weekend after, which I kept as I was interested in her services. Located in a run down business center behind the area near Valley Fair and in the second floor. I was kind of wary. I knocked (MAKE SURE YOU KNOCK, and you will understand later), she let me in.Basically, what you walk into is where you get waxed. It's a small office space. There is a makeshift changing area (a dividing wall), but you're getting your hoohaa waxed by her and she's the only person in the room. No need to be shy here. Hanging up on the wall facing where you will lie is a large tv screen, which she usually has on whenever I'm around.She's UBER-FAST. She really knows what she's doing and gets it done right. She is a natural conversationalist which works very well in this situation, as she distracts you with this as pain is occurring. $39 flat, no tip. She won't take it as "it's awkward."Best to email her.My kind of lady. LOVE HER.
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,7/25/2011,1260,803,30,32,26>The gentlemen in front of me bought one box of cheese balls.The lady before him bought two boxes of cheese balls.Another lady after me bought one box of cheese balls.Why not?  I'll get some too.   Its only 3 for $1.00.So I got my cheese balls and my pan de sal bread (the only reason I was here).   I ventured off to complete my weekend errands.   If you're just like me, I like to eat my snacks in the vehicle.  Those cheese balls drove me CRAZY all day!!    Oh my God!    What the hell?   So soft....so chewy... and so addicting!   Obviously, I went back right before they closed and bought one whole box.  I took them home and into the microwave for 10 seconds to reheat them.  Major diet failure because I finished the box.     Coffee (or hot cocoa) + Valerio's cheese balls = Happy Fat Boy.Next day, I returned and got another box.    Diet failure.... Part II.Five stars on the cheese balls.  Simple ingredients are the way to go!     This is just flour, eggs, butter (honey), sugar, and cream cheese filling.  I know I could make these at home, but come on... I want it NOW dammit!Minus one star because its cash only up in here.     There's a Wells Fargo next door for ATM.Notes:* Cheese balls are 3 for $1.00 or 15 for $5.00.* Please don't get confused with the other "Valerio's" in the Bay Area.  This is the only location in the Bay Area bakery that sells cheese balls.   This family restaurant also has locations in LA and San Diego.    All other "Valerio's " in the bay are copy cats and won't sell cheese balls!
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,7/24/2011,351,376,7,7,8>THIS PLACE WAS DELICIOUS!!!!!I'm definitely NOT a fan when it comes to breakfast food.  I went here the other day because my bf's cousin recommended it.  He advised us to get the crab cake benedict and mimosa, which we got!  The crab cakes were DELICIOUS!!  It's def. a one of a kind dish.  There were two breaded crab cakes on top of a english muffin with a poached egg and hollandaise sauce! The mimosa was mouth watering!  It was served to us in a huge goblet (enough for 2 ppl) with freshly squeezed orange juice, champagne, and slices of strawberries and oranges!  I highly recommend this place..me giving a breakfast place 5 stars lets you know it's something special. =D
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,7/23/2011,186,285,6,9,7>After today Lanna Thai is officially my favorite Thai restaurant in the South Bay!  These guys know how to make some good authentic Thai food.  Keep in mind, these guys make their food EXTRA-EXTRA spicy.  I usually love spicy food and order my food "spicy" versus "medium" or "mild" but at Lanna Thai I need to remember to get my dishes "mild" because the food here is EXTRA SPICY!!!  (I'm not kidding you. I'm Korean and LOVE spicy food but Lanna's goes beyond just spicy - especially their spicy salads!).  I just had dinner here today (my second time here) and this is what I ordered (everything was fantastic!):Beef Salad - This dish is so tasty and fresh but it's also the most spicy thing I've ever eaten at a Thai restaurant.  It comes with grilled beef tossed with chili, onions, cilantro, mints, cucumber & lime dressing over a bed of lettuce.  The longer the beef sits in the dressing the spicier it gets (it just soaks in the dressing.  I got it medium - still extremely spicy).  Papaya Salad - No explanation needed.  Just order it.  It's refreshing and spicy all at once! (I ordered it medium - moderately spicy)Spicy Sea Bass - Crispy on the outside, Sea Bass topped with sautéed garlic, mushroom, onions, carrots, bells & fresh chili (got it medium spicy - not too spicy.  )  Kee Mao Spaghetti - Suprisingly delicious. Stir fried Spaghetti with your choice of meat, garlic, bells, tomato, carrots, Basil & Chili (I got it with shrimp and medium spicy - tolerable). I've also ordered their Golden Bag appetizer in the past and these  are awesome too.  Crispy golden bag stuffed with a mixture of ground prawns & chicken, corn, green & yellow onions.  A definite must if you haven't tried.
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,7/22/2011,782,197,17,12,12>The Sharks rule hockey one bite at a time. Who knew having three periods in one night could be so much fun?Normally, if you attend an expensive event and someone is wearing the same outfit as you it's embarrassing. Not so at a Shark's game! Come and see 10,000 men and women wearing the same teal hockey jersey and loving every moment of it. Note: your beer at a Shark's game is served with a plastic lid--an adult version of the sippy-cup. And a Shark's game is the only place where you hope that someone throws a pizza at you. Because...free pizza. Bonus: The hockey jersey is an awesome expandable fashion item that allows the wearer to pig out without letting fellow fans see your stomach bulge. Go ahead, eat a bucket of popcorn, a plate of nachos and a tray of greasy Round Table garlic fries. You're wearing a hockey jersey--no one will know. Tip: Get to the game on time, so you can see your favorite hockey team burst onto the ice through a giant steaming "shark" with spooky red glowing eyes. Be afraid of sharks.
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,7/21/2011,224,712,10,11,9>Toy overload. You walk in here and walk out 20 min later scratching your head like...what did I just see? What did I just buy? And how much was it??? Maybe I should just go back in .... 2 sides, like babies and toddlers vs bigger kid toys. Makes it easy when I know I want something for my 6mo old. But the selection is still crazily overwhelming.Fun place to shop. I managed to wander out with a $10 set of teething rings, since I couldn't decide on anything else. This place serves up pretty much anything you can think of when it comes to toys--even if I couldn't focus long enough to make an actual decision on a TOY. Back to Amazon I go.
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,7/20/2011,282,253,20,11,6>I don't know why I haven't wrote a review about this cab company the SECOND I joined Yelp. I LOVE ... Love ... love Rainbow! So much so, I've had these peeps locked in my cell phone for years!Here is why; 1) Punctual. Am I the only person on this planet these days that is a stickler on time? If you say you are going to be somewhere at a certain time, you are either early, or on time. Other than that ... you are considered late by my standards. I get a call 9 times out of 10 from Rainbow to tell me my cab is EARLY and waiting outside whenever I want to go! 2) Friendly. Well, perhaps I should say considerate -- sometimes there's a language barrier, so I just kind of get a blank stare, but still nice. 3) Sexy Dispatcher Voice Guy. Yes, you are reading that right. There is some guy that has been handling that phone (as long as I can remember) that has this crazy Barry White type voice, with a little hint of Prince in there. I visualize the Old Spice Guy from those commercials answering the phone with no shirt on whilst saying; "Thank you for calling Rainbow Cab." His voice is unmistakable. I call him *Sexy Dispatcher Voice Guy* when I actually speak to him. He laughs heartily when I tell him that, perhaps a bit afraid that he needs to get a restraining order against me. I almost feel at times that I need to personally apologize for *cheating* on him since there was a couple of times that I called, (of course, in the middle of the night) and was either whisked away by friends to go to another bar, or ... leaving a poor cab sitting ... lonely under a streetlamp somewhere in the outskirts of downtown San Jose ... waiting for me. But I was slightly, uh, *fluffy* ...  to comprehend that my cab has not arrived after 30 seconds to calling, and jumped in the 1st one I saw instead. Then at that point I am left with the SHAME of not answering my phone since now I have Sexy Dispatcher Voice Guy calling me to inform that my cab is waiting at my pickup location, while I am clear across town horrified that Rainbow will never pick me up again. They still do though, with no judgement whatsoever. Rainbow Cab is almost like a church, they don't judge, and they stick around no matter what my creepy behavior entails! I heart you Rainbow Cab, you are so good to me!
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,7/19/2011,1806,1048,10,14,11>They open late until 11pm. SCORE!I was originally on my way to SGD Tofu House, but they closed at 9:30pm, seeing that I remembered about Choi's kitchen, we walked over and was satisfied in the end.I love their side dishes.  plentiful and with all sorts of variety.Ordered the seafood soon dubu, which was DELICIOUS!  They even cracked the egg for you.  It was very filling and satisfying for 2 including the seafood pancake.. Now this pancake was no joke.. This could of fed like 4 people....Plenty of seafood and not frugal about it like some other places are!  Total came out to $27, which is not too bad!Definitely will be coming back to try out their BBQ also!
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,6/23/2009,891,338,14,17,16>I am so happy that I found Mercy and her Pilates studio. You will find that you feel a foot taller after a Pilates training session! My theory is we are not designed to live sedentary lifestyles. Combined with life's pickles such as injured muscles, tendons, bad posture, and general core weakness from sitting and only working out eyeballs and typing fingers... everyone needs to do this! What I enjoyed is I was not exhausted afterwards, on the Reformer (a very cool strechy contraption) every movement was perfection, with each muscle in alignment and working in all the right ways. Mercy is quite awesome and so is her poochie, Joule. It's a high tech place. Very pilates boutiquey. You can buy packages of 6 or 12, for private lessons or have duo or trio lessons. All are very reasonable. I would go everyday if I could!
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,6/22/2009,375,196,14,14,13>Ok after visiting a few other places recently, I'm going to upgrade this review.The place is small and older than old.  The parking is almost non-existant.  There is room to seat about 8 inside and no outdoor seating.With all that in mind, the portions are HUGE and pretty lean.  I ordered the TriTip meal with Collard Greens, Pork Beans and white bread.  I was at the point where I almost lost my man card by not being able to finish the meat portion of this.  But between it being so tasty and myself being a pig, I was able to prevail (Get in my BELLY!).So the Texas Smokehouse has the crown of the authentic and true soul food of BBQ for San Jose.  Others may be good, but this is the best.I will not eat here on a regular basis as there are just some things that are too good.  The universe would have to counterbalance and I would end up with something horrible to even out my karma, like having to drive a mini van.  Eat my friends! See my photos!
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,6/21/2009,154,64,8,10,9>Dang Kong - as if the cap wasn't enough you just had to go back for the OGC.  ***Eyes moving left to right like crazy!!!!***Environment - nice artsy ambiance with an indie kind of feel.Coffee - "1 Barefoot Cappuccino and 1 Orange Ginger Cubano"Art Pieces - colorful, unique, and love the story and effort behind each one.Coffee Art - "Two hearts - nice"Company - "Nice and laid back - great life stories."Total spend = approx. $9.00 + priceless stories.We should do it again sometime.  Coffee ROCKED Alvin and Jacob - Thanks.
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,6/20/2009,153,292,11,15,14>Quick serviceRoti canai - steaming hot, soft and crispy, excellent curry sauce.  This is one of my favorite dishes to order any where that puts it on the menu.  I wasn't disappointed with theirs. I practically licked the sauce out of the bowl.Char keow (sp?) - one of the signature Malay dishes did not disappoint.  I ordered it spicy, which in actuality was more like a mild for me. Oh well, gave me a chance to bask in the flavors of the dish and conserve a few trees by not requiring 50 napkins to wipe my sweaty head.  This was an excellent dish.  Plenty of egg, plenty of bean sprouts, plenty of FLAVA FLAV!!!! There were also shrimp and squid, each was cooked to perfection, I especially loved how some of the egg was on the shrimp... made it taste even better.  The noodles were chewy, which is how I like them.Menu - excellent variety. I saw many things on the menu that I saw during a very brief stay in Singapore and Penang.Service - they came by several times to see if I needed water, if the dish was good and asked abotu the spice level. Again it was mild, probably intended for the majority of white people who ask for hot and complain that they cant eat it. Will come back for more and also check out the one in saratoga..
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,6/19/2009,83,205,13,14,14>This is still my favorite sushi place, partly because of the fun sushi chefs, and partly because of the unusual customer creation sushi that you don't find elsewhere. I have never eaten anywhere in this restaurant other than at the sushi bar because I love to watch the little rolls of joy being created by people who are way more skilled than I am.Yuri was where I had my sushi introduction and I can honestly say that I could not think of a better place than this. The chefs are so great that it got to the point where I rarely order anything, they just started handing me things that they created for me, knowing my preferences and if I didn't like it (which I believe happened once or twice in 7 years of coming here) they didn't charge me for it. My absolute favorite item that they create is actually not on the menu, but it's Jay's Salmon Salad Roll, which is basically a Salmon tartar in yummy sauce, tobiko, and green onions on top on a little rice ball wrapped in a thinly sliced cucumber wrapping... mmmmm...If you love sushi, if you've never tried sushi, if you think you are going to hate sushi, give this place a try. I came here thinking that I would never appreciate it, and now I am a full fledged sushi lover!P.S. their tempura is awesome too. Tempura ice cream baby!
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2009,6/18/2009,563,743,10,15,14>Jazz on the Wharf brought the bf and I to Santa Cruz this past Sunday. Unfortunately the threatening look of the weather brought the jazz festivities indoors to participating restaurants on the pier. After reviewing our options, the bf and I decided to have lunch at Carniglia's while listening to the local band.We were seated smack dab in front of the band. Awkward at first but when the bass player turned to us and asked if we wanted fries with our order, we had a good laugh and pretended like they were playing just for us (ok, maybe "I" was the one who was pretending...I'm dorky like that).The bf ordered a pasta--the Pollo e Pera (Chicken, pears, gorgonzola, prosciutto, tomatoes, sage & honey over farfalle pasta) and I ordered two appetizers- Black mussels sauteed with wine and the Crostini. The bf's pasta was delish and so unusual with the light yet creamy sauce with hints of sweetness from the pears and honey. My mussels were plump and flavorful--great balance of citrus from the lemon. And I loved the Crostini! There were two types served, a smoked salmon and a cannellini bean with parmesan. The cannellini bean was delish! I'm planning on making a knock off of it for a baby shower this weekend.We both enjoyed a glass of the Estancia Cabernet.Overall, we really enjoyed our dining experience. Service was great despite the crazy crowds from the Jazz Fest, decor was quaint, music was FABULOUS, and the prices were extremely reasonable.Not too shabby of a way to spend a Sunday afternoon in Santa Cruz!
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,6/17/2009,160,370,12,14,12>I have no idea what cosmic rays cause the massive misfiring of brain synapses that make heading to Hooters after appetizers and drinks at a Michelin star restaurant a good idea.  Evidently sun spots affect South Bay Yelpers in weird and mysterious ways.  I hear UC Davis is commissioning a study on this phenomenon.Not having lived here for very long, I utterly failed to see the connection between the two and instead of greasy hotwings, I opted to stick around at the bar with a few other hangers-on and try a drink or two.Upon recommendation from Rachel and the bartender, a few of us went with the "Smoked Coke Manhattan".  This is basically a manhattan with a syrup they have prepared by reducing a large amount of coca-cola to a less viscous liquid and then placed in their smoker to get that smoky flavour.  There is a small amount of this syrup in there, so you can taste it, but it by no means overwhelms the drink.  It's fantastic, try one.The bar is setup as a kind of lounge and although the food is going to call you here, it would be a great place to meet and have a few nicely prepared cocktails in a quiet setting.  The bar was a little bit less stocked than I would have guessed, so don't expect them to make your personal concoction or some cocktail you saw in a movie from the 40s.  If the tiny appetizers (really more of a massive supply of amuse-bouches) are any indication, the food here at the Plumed Horse is amazing, so look for a follow-up review after I get back to seriously eat here.
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,6/16/2009,128,241,12,12,11>Since I'm crunched for time between work and school, I often go out for dinner.  Perhaps a bit too much, because after I started using a credit card I haven't used in a while, they activated a fraud alert."Mr. D., have you had your credit card stolen lately""uh, no""Well, it seems as though there is a lot of activity""Yeah, I get out a lot""Are you traveling right now?""No...""Let me list the transactions ... (blah blah blah)""Yeah, all me""Oh.... ok"So after we determined people like me are keeping the economy moving, I decided, naturally, to go out for dinner.Jasmine Thai has a neat, clean, simple decor that is greatly appreciated.  I don't want to be paying for something flashy, I just want to eat great food (which is here).I always order the tom yum soup with chicken.  For me, it's a great mix of sour, sweet, and hot.  Plenty of meat and veggies as well.  Of course, I always get the roti too.  It's sliced into little triangles and the sauce is the bomb.  I always save if for my white rice.For entrees, I usually get the yellow curry chicken and cashew chicken.  Both are just the right spiciness for me.As for the details, I just wanted to say that I admire a restaurant that can even make the rice look nice.  Instead of the usually dome of rice that is put on a plate, it comes out in a trapazoid shape.  I know, I'm a dork, but it puts a smile on my face every time.As a bonus, my baby loves the server there.  She always tries to find her, and the waitress always smiles back, so great experience overall.
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2009,6/15/2009,539,247,13,16,15>Ok so I thought I'd be sick of frozen yogurt by now but I'm not. Yogurt is like skinny pants...it just won't go away! (I do not like skinny pants whatsoever though)I love this new place:a) it is literally 3 minutes (driving wise) from my houseb) service is excellent. I have never been greeted "hello" and "come again" at any yogurt place. I have never been offered water before till I came here.c) they have over 10 flavors and you can sample them all! My favorites are the "Cake Batter," "Mango," and "Taro." The "Pomegranate-I forget the rest of the name" was really tart and packed a punched. I can definitely see myself getting this one when I am in the "Tarty" mood. The "Cake Batter" tasted exactly like scraping a bowl of cake batter.d) Great assortment of toppings, they don't overdo it like Frozos with just random toppings that I do not care for which take away your focus on building your perfect yogurt cup. My favorite toppings were the coconut jelly, this cake thingy, fruity pebbles, lychee, condensed milk, caramel, mango, strawberries, pound cake, mochi, cantaloupe, ok I guess I basically like almost everything!c) Cheaper than most places at .30 cents an ounce. I don't feel as guilty because I normally spend $5+ on yogurt but my bill doesn't even exceed $5 here!Make sure you bring some dinero though they don't take plastic!*update: i was told by a fellow yelper that they now take credit cards!and i forgot to send my condolences to Hello Desserts :(
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,6/14/2009,65,111,8,12,12>Another really good hole in the wall cheap Chinese food place.Don't let the name fool you - This isn't a place where they serve flavors of Shanghai streets or flavors of some Shanghai guy, but rather, pretty decent offerings. This converted Karaoke hall definitely adds to the hole in the wall decor - notice in the restaurant that they have doors with numbers on them for "Employees only" (who knows what goes on in those rooms?). Ideally, bring someone with you who reads Chinese. All I got was a Chinese menu, which in my remedial ABC Chinese, could only recognize a few characters. I believe I marked down the correct things...The definite to get item is their namesake SJB (shenjian bao). Good grilling on the bao, though not as crispy as I would like. The SJB's outside is a little bit thick, but holds in most of the juice from the meat very well. The meat, probably a pork based mix with higher fat content, is very tender and distinct tasting, with probably a mix of black pepper, sugar, and cooking wine.Careful biting into one of these - best route is usually to bite through the bun on the top (non grilled side), and drink the juice, then eat the meat and bun together. Any variations of this route will result in grand spraying of meat juice on whoever is sitting across from you. Not exactly the best thing to do. And get your mind out of the gutter - it's not that kind of meat juice - though it is Shanghai flavor meat juice...The other thing I tried here was the onion sauce and meat noodles (chong you rou si ban mein). Great taste! Very little actual meat and onion, which was slightly disappointing cause I expected more, but really good after mixing all the sauce at the bottom with the noodles. Extremely savory. The sauce is probably sauteed green onions and meat, almost caramelized, with again the mix of soysauce, sugar, and others. I'll definitely get this one again.Combos might be an avoid, since curry beef or tofu with vermicelli with SJB may not be as appetizing as ordering other things separate.4 stars - a definite must stop, if you really don't mind the dirtiness of standard Chinese restaurants. If you're concerned with absolute cleanliness and white tablecloth, don't come here. However, if you're looking for possibly the best SJB in the area, then come here.
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,12/28/2012,211,504,6,8,7>You must make reservations! We came here last night (saturday) for the second seating. They have two different dinner times, the earlier 6:00 or the later 8:00. This is so you can enjoy your meal without feeling rushed.The restaurant seats about 40 people and its a great date spot! Be prepared to shell out some dough for this meal. An appetizer, 2 main courses, and a bottle of wine was about $100- but that's the way to do it right.Appetizer: Burrata cheese with arugula, tomato, balsamic reduction on a baguette slice. Very good, although I wish the bread was a little more toasted instead of soft.Dinner: pappardelle alla boscaiola. Pasta made in house with mushrooms, smoked speck, and a creamy garlic sauce. The sauce was not as thick as i was expecting- a delightful surprise. Parking: Easy! there's a perfectly sized lot right behind the restaurant. after a bottle of wine and a rich dinner, walk downtown to burn it off dancing.
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,12/27/2012,245,261,8,10,8>My review is for Saturday night karaoke, mostly.I don't know if it is always like this, but I was really blown away by the talent level of the... performers? Am I really going to call them that? Well, yeah, I really have to.You see, I am a better-than-average karaoke singer, but not so great that people who can't sing feel embarrassed to sing. Let's just say that if you don't have confidence in yourself, or if you actually just arne't that great at it, you probably want to find somewhere else that's more of a "have fun and be silly" place.The thing is, not only were all the people I watched able to sing really well, almost all of them had some kind of routine or hand motions or something of that nature. It was actually quite mindblowing.When I did get to the stage, I noticed that the speakers were entirely pointed outwards, meaning that you can't really hear the music when you sing and you can perhaps hear your voice more than you might like to! My group thought I sounded better than I myself did, and I don't think there were entirely being nice. I've been to other bar karaoke places where you can hear the music while singing, and I do prefer that setup.Finally, the bartender (a short white girl with tatoos) belted out a Rod Stewart classic while running around the bar pouring drinks. That chick is badass and we probably all should have just given up after that!
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,12/26/2012,284,324,6,6,7>They sell sweet, caramelized and melt in your mouth sweet potatoes. My boss kept raving about this place and boy was she right. I am a huge fan of sweet potatoes and wish i can make them like he does at home. Check this place out!
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,12/25/2012,88,211,6,4,3>I went here and it was full of zeros. Laugh out loud! Because bagels are shaped like zeros! I hope you were not consuming something liquid because I will not reimburse you for your now short circuited computer screen. Although most likely you're just cleaning up your screen and no longer reading this, so I guess everything after that first sentence is just a waste of internet.Anyway, this is a bagel place, and like most bagel places, it sells bagels. I have a soft spot for bagel places because I like bagels and it's hard to make them poorly. This place does a really good job of not making their bagels poorly. Way to go Main Street! You nailed something that's not hard not to nail! I thought about giving this place five stars because what bad things can I say about a place that serves pretty much one thing, but then I didn't because I came out of there not thinking to myself "wow, I need to review this place." I think the ladies that were working were sitting in the back chatting to themselves most of the time I was there. According to Yelp, 4 stars is being a fan, and I'm a fan, so Yay!
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,12/24/2012,299,340,10,10,10>Wine bottle service at San Pedro Square Market!I was impressed by Vino Vino's local wine selections when I first visited shortly after they opened. I'd recently bought some Castillo's Hillside Shire wines (yelp.com/biz/castillos-h) and immediately recognized the bottle on offer. They also had a good variety of wines on tap from Santa Cruz and Livermore for by-the-glass tastings.Fast forward several months and I found myself with friends getting pizzas at Pizza Bocca Lupo. We wanted wine but were told they don't serve, and the only alcohol available to take out to the courtyard was from the Market Bar. Since the pizza was going to take about 20 minutes, I suggested getting a glass of wine at Vino Vino while we waited.Our server at Vino Vino was friendly, even though she was super busy, and gave us a great suggestion: wine to go. If you buy a bottle of wine to enjoy in the market's courtyard, Vino Vino takes $10 off the price, opens the bottle for you, and provides glass wine tumblers! (I hate drinking wine out of plastic.)Thank you, Vino Vino. The Castillo's Petite Syrah was perfect with the margherita pizza!
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,12/23/2012,278,126,5,8,6>I can't say enough good stuff about this place. The lady who works here is INSANELY sweet and friendly, very conscientious and considerate about making sure I have plenty of utensils, napkins, salsa containers with fitting lids, etc. etc. Which moves me to the salsa - after mediocre taqueria after taqueria, I was beginning to forget the subtler nuances of GOOD flavor in salsas. This taqueria knows how to inject pure flavor into the sauces, fresh salsas, and grilled meats.The tacos are muy delicioso, from carne asada to al pastor, with the corn tortillas grilled to outer-edge crisp perfection. The chicken mole was the best I've had in a looong time (basically since I dumped my boyfriend at 19, whose mother previously had the record on mole sauce). Haven't made my way to the burritos yet, but the quesadillas are rockin'.This place makes my taste buds extremely happy, and while I wouldn't say it is better or worse than my dear Adelita's (simply by virtue of the styles being different), I have to admit-- eek, and with much trepidation do I admit this!! But, Taqueria Apatzingan fits my location, hours, and taco preferences much better... in fact, I find myself driving over to Winchester much more frequently to get my CrossFit and taqueria fix on, and driving on Curtner muuuuch less, which is probably all the better, because, well, we all know what lurks on Curtner... (fare thee well, my beloved Krispy Kreme and Adelitas... I will be back on another binge day!).
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,12/22/2012,805,256,8,9,10>okay, this place was insanely hard to get to, even with a GPS! or maybe because im just really bad with directions....hahaha. i was so confused for such a long time! People looking for this place -- its NOT in the buildings you think it is! You have to drive down further toward this run down strip mall/market place (to the right if youre coming in from Calaveras). and THEN the signs at the strip mall will tell you Naan and Masala is in the plaza........ and its all the way in the back corner. Yes, i'm a big fan of chicken tiki masala and naan, so i got that at the register/desk thing at the front. It was empty when i got there, maybe because it was 3pm.. but the guy working told me i could get water from the fridge in the corner. They also had chai tea off to the side (for free), that you could pour yourself, very very hot!I sat down at a table and the guy working brought me my food. The chicken tiki masala was very good, and they put more spices than most of the indian places ive gone to. Bit unexpected. the chicken was chunky, soft and full of flavor. The naan was really good, chewy and warm. I couldnt finish it, and i asked the guy for a to-go container and something for the naan (he gave me aluminum foil). I cant really comment on the customer service because there was barely any, and its more of a do it yourself kinda thing. It reminded me of a buffet in a way. Gotta get your own napkins, forks/spoons/knives, drink. The one guy working was nice though. The pricing is okay, average for what you get. Not really bang for your buck, but who am i to judge? everything is expensive if youre a college student ):def coming back one of these days!
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/21/2012,483,277,11,11,9>Had lunch here with my girl JG today. My girl was like, "We gotta go check out this new place I found on yelp! It's got 4 stars!" so I was like, "sure, why not!" Cute little place literately down the street from my house.  Place was a bit empty when we arrived but heck it was 11:45ish when we got there.. it did fill up quick as the lunch crowd started trickling in. Turns out, they have a $10 dollar lunch buffet.  I will say, the butter chicken was ahhhmaaaazing!! The chicken was tender and the sauce exploded like fireworks in my mouth! I was in heaven! The sauce was perfect over the rice as well. YUM!  The tendori chicken was good, and the other dishes weren't too bad.  They also serve Nan with the buffet.  My only complaints are:1. Salad. - Why offer a salad if you have no dressing? Makes no sense. 2. Servers - Nice but did not understand a word of English at all.  We had to repeat ourselves multiple times whenever we needed something. 3. No condiments - The food was great but for people like my friends and I, we can never have enough spicy chilli sauces to go with our meals. Over all experience was good but kid you not, I will bring my own salad dressing and chilli pepper in the future!
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,12/19/2012,224,712,7,12,9>Recommended to us by a friend who loves this place, finally tried it. It's small and family run in a random location. Ordered the Shaken Beef with garlic rice; Grandma's Meat and Potatoes; Shrimp and Pork Dumplings and Shrimp Bites. Shaken Beef was perfectly done, and well-seasoned with a juicy sauce. Loved the garlic rice. My husband loved the Meat and Potatoes, he finished the entire plate. The Shrimp Bites were little morsels of awesomeness, I love fried dipping food. The only outlier was the Shrimp and Pork Dumplings... was thinking more like what you get at dim sum and instead it was gelatinous mass filled with pork. Skipping that next time. We didn't eat there so can't comment on ambiance, but we will definitely be back for more take out. Great price and quick service to pick up. Go here. Order. Win.
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,12/18/2012,199,145,6,11,8>So I decided to give Alexander's another chance because my German cousin wanted to try a great American steakhouse. We were not disappointed.Alexander's is so much better when you're with a small group. The servers were incredibly attentive, and they made the experience so special. I would even go so far as to say it was the best service I've ever had. If Alexander's deserves five stars for anything it's their service.Not only did they give us a free lamb riblets appetizer, but they also gave my cousin a free dessert cake for his farewell.I'll try to keep my assessment of the food short because we honestly ordered A LOT of food.My Favorites:Lamb Riblets are melt in your mouth good and pack a crazy amount of flavor. My favorite appetizer.10oz Filet Mignon is AMAZING and cooked to an absolute perfect medium rare this time.My favorite side is the asparagus. Don't ask questions. Just try it. It's worth your pee smelling funky later, and boy did my pee smell funky. #SoClassyLemongrass Creme Brulee comes out on fire. Anything on fire is awesome in my book. My sister said she could eat ten of them.What I would recommend against is the kalbi. While the portion is huge, it was WAY too salty. I also would stay away from the panna cotta which I felt was not quite sweet enough to be a dessert and the flavors seemed to disconnect from one another. I had such a great dining experience this time! I can't wait to come back for the Omakase.
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2005,7/30/2006,103,14,14,3,4>The food was great -- apparently, they have like 5000 software engineers working around the clock to make sure each dish solves a Gauss-Markov least-squares equation that best approximates your personal tastes. It's like food... and science. Alton Brown would be proud. The food is free, so I'm not sure how they stay in business. I think they sell T-shirts or something.
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2006,7/29/2006,12,9,3,6,2>I like to go to Ryowa... all the frickin time.The waitresses in their oversized red t's lure you in and the ramen keeps you coming back.  I like hitting my knees on the bar-like counters, slamming back a cold cup of barley tee, and crunching on kimchi out of the community jar.  But the real elation comes when my steamy bowl of Original (recently renamed the Ryowa) ramen arrives on a tray.  Oh man, that stuff is off the hizzy.  Give that baby a stir by using a combo of your sticks and the wooden ladel.  Then rip off a piece of that pork slab with your teeth.  Did someone say yummy?  Next, slurp some of those well-textured noodles.  Salty, eh?  You bet ya.  Why would you make it any other way.  Oh crap, they put an egg in here, too?  You gotta be kiddin me.  This is the best ramen ever.  And to think, I used to consider Maruchan noodles ramen... I laugh at myself.Other treats: fried rice with a sprinkle of crazy pink ginger, the versatile chilled noodle plate with sinus-infusing mustard (only available in the summer), and clothes that smell like ramen the morning after you leave.
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2006,7/27/2006,0,0,15,,3>I might be snobby, but never too snobby to enjoy 20 ounces of PURE, UNADULTERED BEEF.Oh, porterhouse, how I love thee. Just wait until gay marriage becomes socially acceptable and legal, and I'll push for the marriage of a woman and a twenty ounce piece of dead cow. Ignore all the naysayers! My love for you is sweet and everlasting...
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2006,7/26/2006,160,154,8,8,6>Okay, let's clear the air. Come here for the authentic, piping hot food not for the "critically-acclaimed" bathroom or the stoneage mom-pop restaurant service system aka as 2 chefs, 2 waiters for 14 tables with chef also being the dad/owner and one of the waiters being his son. Zero technology. But be thankful, that's how they keep the prices down.Went here for an early dinner with a table of 7. Easy to get a table for 6 or more if you get there before 7pm. Anyways, I'm an ABC (american born chinese) and a restaurant's owners daughter, but still, I can't read the entire "CHINESE SPECIAL" menu. But alas, I had my parents to do the leg work and my cousin, who has been to Joy man times. Here are a few of the  must haves that aren't too complicated for Newbie palates in english and americanized pinyin pronunciation:San-Bei Chicken (San-bay-gee)Grab Bread (Zhua bing)Empty-Heart Greens (Kong-Ching Tsai)Fried Roll (Zha Ying-Se Juen)Potstickers (Guo-tie) *these are super Taiwanese authentic. Greasy, crispy goodness.Lion's Head (Si-zhi toe) *Pork Meatballs with Vermicelli and Napa Cabbage. Consider this hole-in-the-wall Chinese soulfood cuisine. Inexpensive prices. Just good food. Stuff that your Chinese Grandma whips up for you when you're hungry and the family is all coming over. Please don't come here and order off the American "Sweet n Sour Pork" menu. Take all the suggestions of the Yelpers.Attire: Leave your Sunday's Best clothing at home. This place is up there with Korean BBQ attire. An old sweatshirt and worn-3-times-I'm ready-to-wash-them jeans. You'll leave smelling like greasy Chinese food or classic eau de stinky tofu. But don't let this stop you from eating the soulful food. Sidenote: there are a couple tables outside if you want to dine al fresco if the whaffffffs are too overwhelming for your Newbie nostrils.
<review# 2561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2006,7/25/2006,62,39,10,6,7>So....Before I begin my review of the Dental School within Bryman College, allow me to relay a small story. My mom was always diligent about my dental hygiene growing up, but I had that tooth explosion in my mouth - you know like Jewel? Teeth on top of teeth, growing all up in my gums. So I got braces, for SEVEN years I had them. And I had to wear effing neck gear at night. My orthodontist was this old ass insane man with the same birthday as me, who obsessively would sit in his chair watching the stock ticker on CNN while he would work on my teeth, WITHOUT GLOVES, and his pot belly would press aginst my cheek and growl. Ugh. When I would ask if I could finally get my braces off, he always said, "You need another month hun. One more month." When I was 17 I called to reschedule one of my monthly appts, and the hygenist answered and let me know he had died; I naturally felt HORRIBLE. I felt so guilty - I would always joke that he would have to die before I got rid of my metal mouth. God! So there was some young buck who had taken his place. He saw me shortly thereafter, removed my braces, told me I needed no retainer, and that I basically needed to get the hell out of there and never come back. Between the ages of 18-20 I periodically had dental appts through my mom's insurance when I was in school, but after I became my own grown up person, vascillating between having dental coverage and not, I fell off the dental wagon. Yeah yeah, I brush and floss every day, I actually kind of enjoy it. But I have not been to the dentist in over 5 years. My teeth are like a Monet - shiny looking from afar, straight, pretty to look at, but up close, butt nasty and all stained from alochol/coffee/smokes/god knows what else. I'm a dental dud. So where does Bryman College come into play? Well, a couple of months ago, my former admin's kid sister was attending the dental school, and was desperate for victims, er, volunteers, for free cleanings during her exams. So I figured to myself - "Perfect! I'll get little sistah to clean my teeth, get em all nice, tell me some of my problems so I'm prepared, and then when I go to the real dentist, it won't be so nasty and surprising." Hmmm. Anyways. I drove down to San Jo from Oakland at 7 in the morning on a Saturday, after being out all night Friday, all for this free cleaning. She told me no coffee the week before, I had like 20 cups. Get to this school, some people escort me and my friend into a waiting room, which is basically a classroom, and they put on the Jungle Book for us. Yes. Jungle Book. I had to sign some paperwork that lil sister filled out for me, and she didn't know my last name, so she wrote out a fake name, so then I had to forge some fake signature. Then I had to take my own blood pressure and temperature. Eventually I got summoned into the dental chair, and little sister is like, "just sit here, be calm, DON'T act like it hurts, even if it does, I'll fail!" ahh! She puts this pink crap on my teeth, that apparently makes all my shit stains on my teeth glow so the real dentist/teacher can see all my imperfections, and then after the cleaning, more pink crap to compare. She was all, "Your teeth ain't that bad. You got hella shit behind your teeth though, damn. And you got wisdom teeth underneath your gums in the back, so they'e causing your lower teeth to get all crooked and on top of eachother. You need em out."She would hella dig in and clean. "Move your tongue! hold the air. Use the air, you're drooling!" Then she put the water spout in my mouth. "Jess, close your mouth around the spout! Damn!!!! Quit laughing, you'll get me in trouble!!"Then the teacher aide would come around and go, "Clean her upper right bicuspid a little more. And tooth number 32 on the bottom. Hurry!" Then the dentist came by and was like, "Yay! Perfect!" Then I went back in the room, waited for my friend, watched the Jungle Book twice. What was taking so long? My friend came back into the room whimpering. Little sister was all, "Dude, he bled."But all in all, a really cool non nerve wracking experience that I did not take too seriously. And now my teeth sparkle. For free ninety free!And now I'm less freaked out by the dental chair and making an appointment. Now I just have to go and make one. Consider this place recommended.
<review# 2562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2005,7/23/2006,45,337,4,2,1>If you want a crazy yuppie deep dish pizza (i.e. pesto and pecans) this is the place for you.  But I hope you don't mind waiting, it takes *forever* to cook a deep dish.  Fortunately, there's an arcade game to play in the back, and you can drink soda out of Mason jars while you giggle like schoolgirls and make dirty jokes with your friends.
<review# 2563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2006,7/22/2006,54,149,8,2,2>If you're driving up Highway 9 and you see a building that looks like a drag queen exploded all over it, you have reached Ciao Bella.  This place is like no other.  Nestled in the Santa Cruz mountain town of Ben Lomond, it caters to those with a penchant for fabulous Italian food and quirky performance.  Complete with a make-shift stage, the dining room is intimate and dimly lit.  Very nice.  When I was there, a voice came over the speaker:  "Silverfox, Angent 99, please report to the stage."  The waitresses joined the owner, Tad (?), (in hot shorts and a tiny tank top- think George Michael in early Wham! days) for a rendition of "I'm Every Woman".  This is THE place to take your conversative relatives.  Let the show begin.
<review# 2564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2006,7/21/2006,139,197,2,16,5>It's a New Orleans bistro that serves up creole/cajun food in a dining room setting.  I've been here twice prior and it was pretty good then.  But it was even better this time because they had this awesome Monday night deal: $25 for a 4 course dinner.  So this is what we both had.  (Mine's on top and my friend's on the bottom:)1. Appetizer:     - Crawfish Hush Puppies: Corn fritters stuffed with crawfish tails, served with a Remoulade sauce.     - Shrimp Bourbon Street: Jumbo shrimp flash fried, served with orange marmalade horseradish sauce.2. Soup/Salad:     - Soup: Shrimp, Crab, and fennel bisque    - House Salad: A Southern specialty with romaine, toasted pecans and mandarin oranges, tossed in a poppyseed vinaigrette.3. Entree:    - Cajun Feast: Alligator Piccata (lightly breaded and sauted Alligator medallions, served over rice with a lemon piccata sauce) and Cajun Jambalaya (A spicy blend of smoked duck, chicken, Andouille sausage and Tasso, with rice, and sauce piquant).    - Catfish something...4. Dessert:    - Bread Pudding: A New Orleans favorite with a white chocolate Frangelico sauce.     - Combo Pie: For the undecided. A layer of Cajun Velvet pie atop a layer of French Silk. There were a bunch of other choices on the entree and dessert lists, and one more of each in the appetizer and soup/salad lists.  The sauce that came with the hush puppies was so good that I had to tell the waiters BOTH times(!) that I wasn't quite done with the plate - even tho there was only sauce left on it... I was still trying to savor it by soaking it up with my bread.  And the soup was just as divine... esp since they didn't skimp at all with the lumps of crabmeat.  I would have licked the bowl clean if I weren't already busy workin' on the remains of the hush puppy remoulade.  If you love spicy food like I do, the sausage in the Jambalaya is a good scorcher!  And the bread pudding is just as good as everyone has raved about.   Warm and gooey... oh man!!!If you can... try to go on a Monday.  The $25 prix fix meal is the best!!
<review# 2565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2006,7/20/2006,68,43,17,7,7>The only thing that comes between me and my denim drainpipes is their carnitas taco. Fat is the new muscle when it comes to starvation-town. If you find your paper plate entirely soaked through with lard by the time you've finished the taco, consider it a sign that your physical defense mechanisms have been upgraded to a point where you've actually become your own bomb shelter. That's my very rational rationale for my taco habit. It does a body good. God they are good. Order a carnitas taco or 20 and either blend in with or stick out from one of the only two kinds of patrons you'll find here: the FOX audience and the Univision audience.
<review# 2566,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/17/2006,7/19/2006,549,158,5,2,1>This place made me pretty much want to kill everybody in sight.Untill... I found the Guess? Factory store.  Rad! I got 2 super cute jean skirts and a pair of capris for $35  a piece. Stoked!! The best thing about this store......... Its online too. So now I don't have to go to the Great mall ever again.
<review# 2567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,5/18/2012,146,142,6,7,6>"The ayes have it!" Or, should I say, "The EYES have it!"The ever so tedious grooming ritual is now made easier by Daniel over at The Green Room. Once again Yelp saves the day by introducing me to a smaller, mom & pop type business that is simple and fabulous. I had my eyebrows sculpted and tinted and Daniel did them perfectly. I have red hair and my eyebrows have started doing a disappearing act over the last few years. Most people I have gone to cannot get the color right and then my eyebrows seem foreign because they don't match my hair. Not Daniel. Perfect match and great sculpting technique. Apparently, they also do lash tinting which I will be trying on my next trip.When you need your unwanted hair removed, sculpted or tinted go see Daniel & Marisa over at their cute, little business, The Green Room.
<review# 2568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,5/17/2012,278,1731,12,20,15>I think I just died and went to cheesy heaven. Love story goes like this:EDIT: I ordered a Philly cheesesteak, NOT pizza, folks!- finally knocked out this bookmark! - I called ahead to place my order. - when I arrived 10 minutes later, it was waiting for me; it had my name on its cheesy goodness. - awesome service! - I decided to eat there because I could not wait to eat it. I mean, the drive back to the office will take about 5 minutes! That is way too long for a girl to wait. - it's super cheesy, meat is tender, onions and peppers are evenly distributed throughout. - awesome guy checked on me during my meal. - after I cleaned my plate, I handed the guy my fork (for the goodies that dropped from the Philly) then the guy asked how it was, again, awesome service. - Me: "Extremely delicious but I am still hungry."- Him: "Big appetite for that small frame of yours."I will be back. I need to watch the next Sharks' game here and devour more. OMG. I am deeply in love. Please note that this was so good that I just came back to the office after my fill and needed to write a review stat. Opens Mon-Fri only though :(
<review# 2569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,5/16/2012,428,2224,12,13,13>Good ethnic vegan food is hard to come by--- this place is awesome! I was finally getting some time with Badri N and try a new spot. I am a huge fan of soy protein because it fills you up, if it's handled right you can't really tell if it's meat or not..and it helps me with the digestion process. The drumsticks were decent I loved the orange nuggets those were friggin delicious. The vegan vietnamese coffee wasn't half bad for the holidays they  had vegan pumpkin pie but I was pretty full off the orange nuggets Lunch specials at 7.50 not half bad. Only ding.. slow service
<review# 2570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,5/15/2012,893,184,17,16,15>This place was my ice cream HEAVEN!!!So many flavors including honey flavors. I would say I have a favorite, but I feel like that would be choosing my favorite kid, and that's not fair!. So All the flavors that I've tried so far I loved equally, like Hugh Hefner loves his girlfriends. Not to mention the funny names i.e Where have you "Bean" all my life...lol...ahh Imma dork!This place is a must to drop by and try. I love it.
<review# 2571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,5/14/2012,380,373,18,15,10>Sawa Sushi is the best Omakase restaurant ive ever been to.i could easily write a thesis on my experiences there and why you should go there, but just like the sashimi dishes that Chef Steve serves there...ill keep this simple and neat.---freshest cuts of sashimi that youve probably never had before.---remarkable sake selection, ranging from $40 to $4000 a bottle.---the most insane array of sauces that Chef Steve makes from scratch (including his own soy sauce)for those of you who really enjoy and appreciate FRESH & QUALITY sashimi, let me leave you with this quote from Chef Steve....ME: "umm, Steve...can i have some soy sauce?"Steve: "you wont need it...that piece of fish on your plate was in the ocean yesterday so its still a little salty..."
<review# 2572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,5/13/2012,854,542,11,12,12>During one of the increasingly rare occasions that a friend and I get to share a meal, the thought of showing them San Pedro Square [in general] and Pizza Bocca Lupo [in particular] seemed ideal, especially when their pear-gorgonzola-arugala-balsamic pizza sounded so delectable.As we approached, the young lady behind the register greeted us smiling and friendly. We briefly surveyed the menu, though we already knew what we wanted, and asked off-hand what one of their beers tasted like, to which she replied and pleasantly informed us that alcohol purchased from them must be enjoyed at their counter or at least within the boundaries of their restaurant. Good to know.Our order took 10 minutes, tops, but thankfully we had arrived before the rush of Shark fans and downtown business people getting off work.She presented to us a rustic thin crusted pizza topped generously in peppery arugala drizzled with tangy balsamic vinegar (added after baking as to remain fresh and unwilted?). Underneath, an intermingling layer of molten pungent gorgonzola and sweet sliced pear. The pooling of ingredients at the center of the pie makes it heavy and a little saturated, but the crust holds up, remaining firm enough to fold and eat without utensils.It was, as anticipated, delicious.The other pizzas described on their overhead chalk-written menu sound equally tasty.This is definitly light fare for the price, but its done well so be ready to be sated by flavor rather than fill - the BFF and I finished one pizza between the two of us, two quarter-of-a-whole slices each, with beer and wine.I'll definitely make a return visit.____________________________________Pizza. Beer. Pretty people. Hip new hangout. What else do you want? Did I mention pretty people? Just wanted to make sure.
<review# 2573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,5/12/2012,500,289,10,11,11>Decided to pop in because1) I needed a place to study 2) I was in the area and really because3) Fellow Yelpers had given this place some pretty good reviewsI found Hannah easy with parking located behind the shop.  Stroll in and am greeted by the woman behind the counter; a warm welcome indeed :)  I ordered up an Americano and among their selection of breakfast items and pastries chose the Carrot Walnut cake.  It was really hard to decide what to get as they all looked decadent.  I truly wanted a lollicake (Hannah's version of a cakepop), like 5 of them!The Carrot Walnut cake was moist, flavorful and really just what you expect a cake to taste like, a really GOOD cake.  The Americano was okay.  I prefer my espresso strong and with a punch.  Either my taste buds have  become immune to strong coffee or there was a lack of that so called 'punch.'  I downed the sucker anyway.The best part was I was actually able to study here.  It was quiet in the shop with limited distractions.  I stayed a while and was able to get a lot done; even caught up on my Yelp messages!  What a feat!  I'm definitely a fan and will be checking into here soon.  Maybe then I can pick up a few Lollicakes the next time around!
<review# 2574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,5/11/2012,483,277,8,14,10>I've worked nearby for over a year and never once took the time to check out this trail UNTIL today! My friend and I decided to leave work for a few hours and get 3 to 4 miles of jogging/running in.  The weather wasn't perfect today (sprinkling on and off) but we didn't let that stop us.  We decided to hit the trail this morning.Trail is clean and the scenery is great.  During lunch hours, this trail can get pretty busy with all the  walkers/runners from nearby business such as myself but if you go early enough or after work hours, you won't regret it.  Definitely better than running on a treadmill. My friend and I are going to try and go every other day while at work.  We're training for the MUDDY BUDDY coming up in September so we need to be in the best shape possible! Happy Jogging/Running!
<review# 2575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,5/10/2012,562,163,30,18,17>So after about 30+ visits to Orenchi, I'm finally writing my first review. It's taken me some time to finally get to the acceptance phase of my addiction, but I have come to terms with the fact that I have a problem. Now that I've learned to deal with my addiction, I am willingly open to discuss it with all. It started on a cold day in December of 2010 when I had my first encounter with this bowl of heavenly goodness. It was from there after that I had to get my weekly fix (there were weeks where I'd go 3 days in a row). It got so bad that my friends were tired of coming with me. It got to a point where I had to scroll through my contact list to see who I hadn't seen/talked to in a while so I could ask them if they wanted to catch up over dinner at Orenchi. I then realized I really had a problem when I contemplated eating at the bar by myself. That was when I decided to seek help. I am proud to say that I have been clean for about a month now. I write this to share with any addicts out there, to be forewarned of this drug they have dubbed as Orenchi Ramen.However, if you dare to take the risk, be sure to get the Orenchi Ramen and chicken karaage, and ask for a side of their spicy orange sauce. This place is hands down the best ramen house I have been to so far.
<review# 2576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,5/9/2012,783,653,10,11,9>If you junk  fast food eaters have a little more change to spare... treat yourself to something more gourmet... nothing processed and frozen and gross.This may not be the best burger joint I've been to... but in the southbay..it's one of the good local joints to use your two hands to scarf down a tasty, juicy, meaty burger, or  a philly sub.We came here on a Wed night, and no one was in line... I've already tried one of their burgers before...so i tried the...Beg for Mercy Philly Cheesesteak. My overly picky guy just got a  Philly Cheesesteak with no other condiments but cheese.We lucked out to be able to grab a booth facing two TVs to watch the on-going NBA game....Our buzzer lights up after maybe a 7minute wait....and we noticed the line to order was almost out the door... YES. this place gets busy, apaprently...It was a room full of testosterone apparently. oh well.TIP if you ever plan on getting the Beg for Mercy Philly: Don't eat this on an empty, growling stomach. The chili peppers are HOT!  but edible to me coz I love spicy- BUT i swear, the aftermath is not cute. Well at least for me. It's good though... I murdered half of it, and picked on the meat with the other half coz i got too full. It was a huge sub for me.The philly sub is packed with so much juicy meat. You ultimately get what you've paid for..so it's totally worth it!And puh-p-puhleeez.... be kind to yourself and stop eating at fastfood joints!
<review# 2577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,7/28/2012,1261,428,5,16,29>Loyal to my soil, Love's Cupcakes, you are my ultimate cupcake spot! I can't even name how many flavors I've tried, but some of my favorites are the red velvet, s'mores, strawberry madness, and fleur de sel. Their cupcake batter is so light, fluffy and moist. However, what makes this spot my favorite is their frosting. I usually hate frosting in general, but Love's frosting is super light and not overpowered with sugar sweetness overload. My favorite frostings are the ones on the strawberry madness and the fleur de sel. Overall, this place will probably be my one and only cupcakery.
<review# 2578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,7/27/2012,500,289,9,16,18>Immense fun. Awesome view. Killer workout.  What more can you ever ask for?I'd heard of this hype from both family and friends but hadn't ever gone til a few days ago.  It's like the Stairway to Heaven.  You can either choose to run, walk or mix it up with some lunge, crunch and push up sets in between.  Whatever you feel like doing to maximize your workout you will totally be able to do it here.  Just remember, you still have to go back down :]
<review# 2579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,7/26/2012,601,744,7,10,8>I popped in here many several moons ago when it first opened. Selection was slim back then so I was happy to see how vast their menu has evolved over time.What we swallowed:POPCORN CHICKEN: Glad that the pieces of chicken weren't all batter, they actually had chunks of chicken in it that you could actually taste. The batter wasn't too greasy and there was a red spice you could sprinkle on to give it some kick.MANGO TOFU DESSERT: I love anything mango and this rocked it! Some delicious mango puree thingee added on top of bits of sweet almond tofu. Delicious AND nutritious! YAY! The fresh mango bits on top were tarty as hell but that's alright, the rest of the dessert more than made up for it.SNOW AZUKI: Red bean and sago with milk shush and topped with green tea ice cream. The red bean wasn't as sweet as I like but the sago did help it out a bit. The milk slush was perfect and the green tea on top was, of course, a winner.VARIOUS FRENCH MACAROONS:* I*LOVE*MACAROONS*. PERIOD. If you mess up a macaroon, I would probably poke you in the eye so I was happy that they didn't. I took one look and had to order one of each (they only had 11 flavors so I doubled up on the Blackberry). The guy behind the counter asked if I wanted it in a nice gift package and I told him they'd be lucky if they could make it to tomorrow. My favorites: lychee rose, passion fruit, pistachio, blackberry, green tea, and capuccino.Lots of inside and outside seating and the people were behind the counter were nice. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 2580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/25/2012,849,1374,5,13,8>Sweet Mango was our last stop in our quest to visit all of the Burmese restaurants in the South Bay. (There are only three so it didn't take too long.) After our first trip we felt like Sweet Mango was about equal with the rest, albeit with a standout Tea Leaf Salad. After more visits to the three, Sweet Mango has  become our hands-down favorite Burmese restaurant (cheapest too), one of our favorite Chinese restaurants (they even have great Thai food too), and one of the best places to take the twins.(Caveat: compared to the other Burmese restaurants the atmosphere is the worst. It's not that it's terrible by any means; it's just homey and simply not as good as the others. That said, I thoroughly enjoy myself here and have suggested it to other couples to meet us for dinner.)So the Tea Leaf Salad. This is a must order. It's one of those things where if you heard what was in it you wouldn't see what the big deal was, but all the ingredients together turns it into something else amazing. Green Elephant's salad was similar in flavor but needed some sweetness (like some tomatoes). Rangoon's had sweetness but the dressing and the rest was very forgettable. Sweet Mango's is perfect.Another must order is the Chicken Coconut Noodle Soup. I thought it was okay on my first visit but it's really grown on me since then and now I absolutely love it. The gravy-like broth is a thick, flavorful curry and they add little crispies for some texture. My kids LOVE the noodles. I have to bat my son's hand away from taking them directly out of my bowl!One Burmese entree we ordered that was a little bit of a clunker was the bland Chicken with Potatoes. (We were warned of that and told we could order it with Thai red curry, but we wanted the Burmese real deal.) The chicken consisted of tender white meat, but we had to add extra sauce to get a little flavor.The roti appetizer (a Burmese dish) is pretty good. It's a bit greasy as you'd expect, but not overly so, with a good dipping sauce.The Chinese dishes are definitely worth a try. We often order the Broccoli Chicken, a very competent rendition, and recently added the Chicken with String Beans in Black Bean Sauce to our repertoire. Both were made with white meat chicken. They tasted exactly how we hoped they would, based on the names of the dishes. My two year old twins loved these dishes as well.I liked my first few bites of the Tangerine Beef, but after that it got too sweet. Best to order this one in a group. I've only tried the Pad Kee Mao of the Thai dishes. I've had a lot of Pad Kee Mao and this was one of the best.The women who work here are really super sweet with my two year olds. They always make over them and give them lots of hugs. My kids usually don't know what to make of the hugs when they arrive but by the end they are all smiles for the ladies. The kids also get a partitioned animal plate and fortune cookies (not usually served) at the end of the meal.Kathy's Burmese Rankings1) SWEET MANGO, San Jose2) Natoma Cafe (closed), San Francisco3) Rangoon, Palo Alto4) Green Elephant, Palo Alto5) Innya Lake, San Bruno6) Nan Yang, Oakland (admittedly my taste buds have evolved since I tried it - and hated it - so I might like it more now)
<review# 2581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,7/24/2012,498,141,9,29,14>Back in December, I decided to get my free consultation for Lasik based on the recommendations from my cousins (4 of them went here) and also, from the 5 stars on Yelp.  After about a few hours of thorough testing, Dr. Bindi advised that I was not a candidate for regular Lasik due to my cornea size (womp womp); but I would be able to get PRK or Epi-LASIK.  He explained the pros and cons to me, answered any questions...ex: Has anyone of his patients gone blind??  (Btw, the answer is no)...etc.  Convinced...I decided to give this a shot.Prior to my appointment, I had to fill my prescriptions (6 of them, I think) and take 2 tablets of 500mg Vitamin C every day for a week (and also for 2 weeks after).  The night before my appointment, I started to freak out from watching YouTube videos on PRK/Epi-LASIK.  Good thing, the nerves went away on the day of the appointment...thanks fo the wonderful staff and the Valium.The surgery, itself, lasted maybe 10 minutes MAX...and was 100% painless and comfortable.  Dr. Bindi described everything he was doing and what I would be seeing as it happened...(ex: The red lasers will be bouncing up and down).  After my appointment, I was already seeing better than I used to without my glasses or contacts.  As soon as I got home, I took my meds (including Vicodin) and knocked out.  Dr. Bindi texted that night to make sure I was okay and to see if I had any questions--so nice!!  The first few days were the most "uncomfortable"--not to be mistaken with painful.  The only things I experienced were light sensitivity and occasional watering.  It didn't really matter because I would just put on my sunglasses and sleep, anyway...On my second follow up appointment (a week after the surgery), Dr. Bindi removed the contact lens (which served as a bandage) from my eye.  The dryness went away almost instantly but my vision was still a bit blurry.  The following week (2 weeks post surgery), I was back at work and had a bit of a hard time adjusting...it took awhile to focus on my computer or at people and I felt like I was always going cross-eyed.  I emailed Dr. Bindi (fyi he replied within 15 minutes) and he told me not to worry because blurriness is common for the first few months.It has been almost a month since the procedure and, for the most part, my vision is pretty clear.  I am able to drive...able to see...able to function.  Though, the complete healing time for PRK/Epi-LASIK is 3-6 months, I can already feel my eyes gradually getting better and better.Not to exaggerate or anything, but it really did change my life!  I highly recommend the procedure and definitely with Dr. Bindi!!
<review# 2582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,7/23/2012,1071,862,6,12,8>Finally!  A drama free, fun, chill SJ lounge! Liquid is definitely worth a visit!  I helped my dear friend celebrate his birthday here recently, and was impressed!  I don't care for San Jose club venues much because of the type of crowds they tend to draw, and the rude bouncers/ and shiesty bar tenders who won't give you the time of day. Liquid pleasantly surprised me.This spot is a total drama free zone. They don't charge cover for admission unless it's a major event, which is awesome! The friendly, eye candy door man was awesome, and the bouncers/bar staff made a great first impression!I loved the beautiful minimal decor. The white couches, and blue lighting/ocean projections on the wall are awesome!  The DJ's played old school hip hop vs that horrible crunk/hip pop crap that the ghetto spots in town play. I really enjoyed the fun/chill factor, and plan on returning soon!
<review# 2583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,7/22/2012,736,972,9,9,9>If you catch them on an off day, you will still walk away happy.Wow.  How many things can give you that KINDA guarantee?  Not many.Two of my most favorite people got married here.  They raved and raved about the beautiful views, serene atmosphere, and delicious food.Obviously, I had to check it out, OBVIOUSLY. As most of my adventures begin, I said YES to tag-a-long date.  We arrived at Sanderlings about 1030AM.  Although we were able to score a table pretty quickly, service was slow.  Let's just say, I could have seen a turtle breakdance  before seeing our waitress.  Anxious and hungry, we worried that we would miss breakfast due to some bonehead.  Word to the wise, they stop serving it  at 11.  Our waitress was friendly, but the big party ahead of us had her pretty occupied.  Although our stomachs were angry,  all we cared about was the secret item on the menu.  Yeah, that secret item.  You know, the one only found on the room service menu. Want to know what it is?  Do you, huh huh huh? HUEVOS RANCHEROS.If nothing else, absorb those 2 LOUD words.  Fried Eggs nestled on top of beans, tortillas, and cheese.  You'll find that salsa, guacamole, and sour cream come to the party as well, but just on the side. I like this because my Huevos don't get soggy.  Who likes soggy eggs? Not me.  Seriously folks, this shit is amazing. I was not a fan of refried beans until AFTER my visit to Mexico.  I know-the HORROR.  In my defense, I grew up on black beans, so there.  The refried goodness on this dish was fantastic.  Suffice to say I was sad when I reached my last bite.Everything on the menu looked decent, but there's a reason the Huevos aren't on it.  Not sure why, but maybe it's part of some secret society?  All I know is, I have arrived, I have eaten, and I have left happy.  Oh yeah, and the beach is pretty RAD as well. Order a mocha and walk off the breakfast. You won't be dissapointed.  Who doesn't love a beach after a foodgasm?
<review# 2584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/21/2012,206,243,,14,4>Amour Patisserie is a pleasant confectionary surprise. As I was catching up with a long time friend while making my way down Santa Cruz Avenue, I couldn't help but get thrown off by the colorful macaroon's in Amour's front window display.  After having Ladurée macaroons in Paris I usually don't make it a point to hunt down macaroons, but the visual of Amour's enticed me to come in.  Amour's has only been up for a couple months and the owner Tony is a class act as it's evident he is very passionate about his establishment and all of his confectionary masterpieces.  I'm a huge tiramisu fan and I've never had an individual size tiramisu desert that provided such an eye appealing sultry decadance.  The tiramisu was good and better than average, but my rating may be bias as nothing beats having tiramisu in a local desert/cafe shop in Italy.  Tony uses molds from Italy that adds a very unique and distinct look to his deserts. They serve individually dripped Blue Bottle Coffee, which is better than most local coffees and is a good compliment to their deserts.  Amour's is a great place to go for a sinful treat, a date, or if you're just in the mood for trying something new and refreshing.
<review# 2585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,7/20/2012,187,38,6,20,9>This is my favorite shop to purchase food, litter, for my lovely kitten.Prices here are really cheap though the variety of products are not as much as other super stores out there.One thing you will notice in this store is their lovely staff. You dont need to worry about anything they are so patient and help you find the right choice. Even you can take your pet inside. it is a pet friendly store!
<review# 2586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,7/19/2012,626,433,8,11,9>Baked pastry dough + anything = goodness.The pies here are like glorified Hot Pockets. And I love me some Hot Pockets!I tried their mushroom and gruyere pie. MMMM. Yummy! I always love the combination together on anything else. It tastes even better with the baked dough. The pie is a little small though. Good thing the girl at the counter convinced me to get the soup of the day with it, too.I had their roasted tomato soup with portobello mushrooms and brie. It's like a fancy tomato soup. It went well with my pie, but it was a little on the salty side. There are lots of interesting pies to choose from.  Be sure to check out their specials for the day, too.
<review# 2587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,8/21/2013,41,112,19,13,9>I quite enjoyed my cup of joe and current scone here.  Very big local spot on a Sunday morning, hard to find a table if you don't get there early.Downside, apparently to live in Los Gatos you have to wear bright neon spandex, ride a bike, and have a dog, and you have to combine all these things inside, and right outside the window, at the Los Gatos Coffee Roasting Company.  Dear Los Gatos residents: if you are just riding a couple miles on your bike to grab some coffee, it is not required to put on a full neon spandex suit to do so, you aren't in the tour de france.Bonus - Really nice farmers market up the street for when you are done with your coffee!
<review# 2588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,8/20/2013,622,798,3,16,6>This is kiddy place galore. I came here with my two nephews who are 3 and 5 and they truly enjoy themselves here. The older one is tall enough to go on most rides with adult supervision but the younger is too short so he sits out most of the time. His favorite ride is the snake roller coaster which could be a tad scary for kids his age but he loves it. The park is pretty big and has a mix of rides, food, drinks and desserts. My sister's tradition is to get the $9 turkey leg every time she goes. The daily pass is pretty pricey for $40 or so but you can get a ticket for $22 at Costco. Parking is $10 a car so definitely carpool. **TIPS**1) Until June 1, a day pass costs as much as a season pass. That's a bargain. 2) Costco sells a day pass for $22 I believe so you can pay that for a season pass. 3) Enjoy!
<review# 2589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,8/19/2013,108,214,9,9,9>Falafel drive in gets it. I wish there were more places in the south bay like this. It is a true San Jose landmark. While waiting for your food- check out the murals! I have only tried the Falafel Pita. I have been to Israel and this is as good as it gets. The large is insanely big, it could feel two people maybe three easy! The sauce is SPICY! but good. The banana shake is also delicious, super sweet it could be dessert. Onion rings and french fries are also good, not too greasy.
<review# 2590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,8/18/2013,440,257,6,9,11>I love me some Vietnamese food.  For banh cuon, I come here.  I always get the #11 because I get so much stuff, plus a side of meatballs because why the hell not?  It always tastes fresh and you get a pitcher of delicious fish sauce at your table. YAY! You don't ever have to ask for a refill.  Service is the same as every other Vietnamese restaurant, which is fine with me. I tried their banh xeo too and it was huge and absolutely yummy.
<review# 2591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,8/17/2013,348,169,8,13,8>New crackin spot for Vietnamese HOT POT! :)I believe the same owner of Thanh Huong opened this place. The guy who's always there (probably the owner) is VERY FRIENDLY. What I like about this place:1) Thai hot pot (flavor is really good.. yums..)2) tamarind beef (either by itself with the cracker thing or in spring rolls)3) great customer service4) seafood tastes really fresh5) restaurant is CULLLEEEANN (probably cuz it's still really new)6) it's SO affordable (compared to other hot pots, you're looking at $30 for 2 vs. $50+ for 2)Try it and support their new business because honestly, you probably wouldn't regret it. I'm still trying to go back and try their other dishes, but these ones are so good, we always end up ordering it and I never get to try something new.. Wah.
<review# 2592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,8/16/2013,110,463,31,13,10>I found out just how haunted this place was during a flashlight tour a good 10 years ago.Oh yeah, I was so badass, thinking that I was gonna encounter some silly ghost and just laugh it off.So I lingered behind the tour group in the dark with my Made in China flashlight with the big "Friday the 13th" label on it in the ballroom.Don't do that.There's a servant there who doesn't like people doing that.He will rush up to you and scare the living s**t out of you if you pull an idiot stunt like I did. And he was very angry. I didn't see anything (and I'm glad as hell that I didn't), but I heard this low crackling, static sound from across the room and in what seemed like a split-second, raced right up to me, getting waaaay too close. Pure energy. Not nice energy, like, GTFO energy.So I did.I didn't scream, because my throat didn't work at that time. I still don't remember how I moved my legs ---I think I was moving so fast I levitated out of there. Anyway, I kept looking over my shoulder for the remainder of the tour to see if he was following me.And I won't ever do that again. NFW.You've been warned. Don't f**k around with this guy. I think he's capable of doing some serious damage.Otherwise, it was fun. Good group activity!
<review# 2593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,8/15/2013,196,194,6,6,6>55 South. I remember when my friend mentioned it, I was thinking, what is this place? I've been to my share of DTSJ bars so we decided to go check it out last month. I'm not exactly sure how long this place has been open (seems pretty recently) but I LIKE IT! It's a more modern take of the new trend of speakeasy bars that have opened over the past few years. The popular spot in SJ has been Single Barrel, but sometimes with the long waits, it deters me from wanting to get a good old-fashioned drink. Well 55 South offers you good drinks, that are all well-made, with more speed and in a much more lively atmosphere. I enjoyed the music they were playing here, while I lounged and sipped on some old-fashions and cocktails. I have to go back try their food, because it hear that it's pretty decent. The bartenders and staff are really friendly. There's a decent amount of seating areas, so it's a good place to go for groups.
<review# 2594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,8/14/2013,238,229,12,14,16>We drove all the way to this one because the one on 2nd St. had no parking. It was about 9 pm.  on a Friday. I've always known about this place but never wanted to try it because the doughnuts seemed a bit extreme for me. But I had a friend on FB that shared a picture that was the same day of a Vanilla cake doughnut with Rasberry icing and chocolate drizzle with cream in the middle. My first instinct was to text Andy and beg to come here. This place is very small but it's very cute and designed out of the norm.Did I tell you we came to this one because the other one had no parking but to find out that this one had ran out of the doughnut I was dying to it try all day. I was so sad and just stood there so dazed and confused. But the very nice girl, who I love and adore her piercings and she's very cute and friendly, had called the other one to reserve the doughnut for me and actually told me they validate parking for 2 hours since yes it is in downtown and there is never street parking. I didn't want to leave empty handed and there it was the Homer Simpsons D'oh-nut. I have been wanting to try Homers doughnuts since I've been playing Tapped Out. I haven't seen a pink glazed doughnut anywhere and when I do it's on an old fashion doughnut which I do not like. When I took that D'oh-nut home, oh man was it good. I love this doughnut...it is so yummy. I have found my 2nd favorite doughnut, it can't beat chocolate glaze. I need to come back here...I love this place.
<review# 2595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,8/13/2013,739,212,3,6,5>Take a minute to read L'histoire of Le Bon de Cuisine from their website and you will discover that even though they originated from Saigon, they started here in San Jose as a mobile food truck.  Now they've shifted gears.  Le Bon de Cuisine is currently a nice little Vietnamese French fusion restaurant that boasts gourmet burgers, sandwiches, garlic noodles, and pho cuisines.  I tried the garlic noodles with chicken which was good, but I think the pork belly meat (that my brother had) tasted better.  This place has peaked my interest so I will return to try their Miss Saigon or French Burgers.
<review# 2596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,8/12/2013,1651,2220,8,12,12>It's funny. I don't know why. But when it comes to Ethiopian food, every time I have it, I thoroughly enjoy it. But I just forget about it. Really. Like, for years. I'll go out for Thai food, for Chinese food, for pizza, for burgers, for seafood, for tortas, for anything... and I'll do that for years. And then someone will mention Ethiopian food and I'll go "Oh yeah, I really enjoy that!" And then I don't have it again for two years.So tonight I nominated three places to a friend, and he chose Zeni. I was pleasantly surprised when we got into my car and I punched it into my GPS and it was 0.7 miles away. It was more pleasantly surprised when it had a huge parking lot and it was easy to get in and out. I guess I'm still an LA boy at heart. Free parking means a lot.The food was delicious. We ordered the Ye-Beg Tibs and the Kitfo, both of which were awesome. The Injera was spongy, cold, and delicious too.I really just have to make this happen more often.
<review# 2597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2006,2/11/2007,352,273,3,11,12>My sisters and I wanted to have a birthday brunch for my grandmother, who just turned 100 years old, but since her birthday was on Christmas Day, we had to find a place that was open on Christmas Day.  It so happened that the San Jose Fairmont was one of the nicer hotels in San Jose that hosted a Christmas Brunch, and lucky for me, they were so stoked to host our party, they bent over backwards to make sure it was a special occasion:  They gave us a separate area, above and away from the hoi polloi who were also enjoying a Christmas Day brunch, and they threw in all kinds of extras, like a gift of jade and tea for my grandmother, a delicious and gorgeous tirimisu-like cake and a bottle of Cristal champagne for the rest of us.  Happy Birthday!The brunch was mind-boggling and tongue-tickling:  It was a buffet, but man, what a buffet:  Besides the normal array of great breakfast foods, there were also several kinds of sushi, including my favorite, unagi, and all kinds of seafood, including a variety of shrimp and crab.  There was turkey, ham, and prime rib, and a huge array of salads, stuffing, and dessert.  My grandma couldn't believe how fancy everything was, and for us, it was totally worth every penny to make her feel like she deserved brunch at a luxury hotel.  She deserves so much more, but this modest lady made us all feel like millionaires, and for a couple of hours, so did the San Jose Fairmont Hotel.
<review# 2598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,2/10/2007,324,246,4,7,11>The first time I came here I ordered a fancy specialty drink, they left it on the counter and didn't let me know.  The baristas seemed too cool to care.Well, the baristas are too cool, but that's part of the feng shui of this place.  This place shines when you are unemployed, and broke, and need somewhere to go.  A buck for a cup of coffee and a buck and change for a fresh pastry, an hour or more on the wifi, reading the Palo Alto Daily News, people-watching, chatting with the regulars . . . then when the power runs low on my laptop or I am otherwise  ready for a change of pace, time to wander to the Mountain View Public Library with a bottled water, where I can plug the laptop in and continue my job search, or in other times, my research, planning for my backpacking expedition into the world.This is another case where I rarely give five stars, but for Dana Street I have a special love.The love that comes from being broke and unemployed and having somewhere to go to nourish the body and the spirit, while on some days a barista will load beans into the roaster, and provide a special thrill.This is one place where my soul has felt at home.
<review# 2599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2007,2/9/2007,80,116,,4,6>I found myself in the market for a home theater/cd player and walked in the Friday before Christmas into Magnolia.  The staff was eager to help and were above helpful and educational.  I never once felt pressured to buy or felt that they were attempting to "up-sell" me to something I didn't need.  After spending about an hour with the salesperson, we found a Denon home theater system (Denon S 301) that was on sale for $1399.99.  I loved the features and was exactly what I was looking for in a new system.  The salesperson took the time to research prices for the system online and found it on crutchfield.com for $999.  Magnolia matched the price, no questions asked and thanked me for my business.  Very professional and am now a big fan of these guys.  Thank you Magnolia!
<review# 2600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2007,2/8/2007,80,153,8,8,10>My wife and I just kind of stumbled onto this place, and realized this store must be the biggest Afghan Bread hub outside of Kabul.  Evertyime I go in there to buy one of these wonderful flat breads, the bakery (in the back of the store next to the loud TV) is buzzing non-stop, cranking out fresh handmade flat breads longer than a Tony Hawk skateboard (I'm talking the old school ones before twin tails).  I still don't know the proper way to ask for one, except to catch someone's attention behind the counter and ask for "one!".  It seems wrong, because most people who go in there walk out with stacks of 6 or 8 at a time, their arms extended like forklifts.  At $1.50 a loaf, it makes sense to stock up if you have the mouths to feed.  This bread is hot, and so good.  I don't even know the proper way to eat it.  We spread peanut butter on it, and even after a few days , we toast it and it still has a great crunchy/chewy goodness and always smells great.
<review# 2601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2007,2/7/2007,319,125,24,11,11>I may not look like a descendent of Wookiees, but I is one hairy beast! I used to scare pregnant women and small children before discovering Deepa. I walk into her video copying store (I think the threading thing is a side talent), sit down in her chair, and listen to brides describe how they want their wedding videos cut, while she threads all the fur off my face. She's gracious, extremely talented, but it's a little bit dirty in there. I recommend bringing some benzoyl peroxide cream to slather on your hairless face after to prevent break outs.
<review# 2602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2007,2/6/2007,0,0,1,3,3>YUMMY! Chocolate croissants are so soft, chocolately, and buttery. The people are nice and service is quick. $4.50 for two croissants? A little expensive, but you get what you pay for. Since they changed ownership years ago (Tassajara is what it used to be when I was a kid) I haven't tried any of the beverages, yet, but I'm sure they're great, too.
<review# 2603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2007,2/5/2007,365,288,7,13,11>OK, I know what you're thinking... how can Brad P. give a chain like Pasta Pomodoro 4 stars on Yelp?  Yes, it's a risk to the credibility of my other reviews, but give me a chance to explain why.We tow around 2 young boys -- 6 and 3.  This is our number one reason for going to Pasta Pomodoro on a Friday night (which we do probably once every 6 or 8 eight weeks).  Here's the thing.  This place absolutely gets the idea of parents looking for an affordable, fast, and simple and fresh meal.  Did I mention fast?Furthermore, the kid options are terrific -- even for our finicky younger son (although the grilled cheese was even a bit too exotic for him).   And for about 5 bucks, the kids get an entree, a drink and an ice-cream sundae.  Did I mention that they get the family dining thing?For the grown-ups, we actually really enjoy the food for what it is (again an alternative to chucky cheese).  The pasta dishes come with an option for multi-grain and for 9 bucks, the portions are generous and flavorful.  Inconsistent?  Maybe, but they run a real kitchen so that's the trade-off, I figure.The spinach salad is a favorite, and the bruschetta is also really yummy.Also, the house wine (sangiovese) for 5 bucks a goblet is a nice take-the-edge-off option and perfectly delightful.Last time we went, we got out of there for 50 bucks for a family of four with salad, entrees, wine, and ice cream for the kiddos.   And we were in and out in UNDER 45 minutes.  That's 4 stars family style.OK, now if you're looking for a place for a first date, or to celebrate a special occasion, go somewhere else.
<review# 2604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2006,2/4/2007,930,548,3,5,4>Oh! What a lovely surprise! Each of the boxes in my take out order was individually wrapped in foil to keep it warm for the ride home. How 'effin insanely thoughtful is that? Seriously people, I never thought foil could put smile on my face. But it did tonight.This restaurant is practically right across the street from the more famous Taiwan Restaurant, and well, I must say that I like this place much more. The food seemed much less greasy than Taiwan and the staff was much nicer. The lady who processed my payment was just so freaking sweet that it felt awesome supporting her business... I don't think I'll be going back to Taiwan anytime soon now that I've found this nice little treasure on Lincoln Ave.
<review# 2605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2007,2/1/2007,750,1049,10,9,7>Naz Cinema is the greatest theater to watch Bollywood movies (outside of India, that is). It has the full-on Indian ambience -- read into this what you will -- and be sure check out the graffitti in the ladies' room.We are soooo spoiled to have a fulltime Bollywood movie theater here in the Bay Area with an amazing 8 screens that I will overlook the cramped seats and broken heater/AC and just enjoy the show!Their sound system is very good, by the way, all the better to get down to the funky tunes that make it a Bollywood flick.By the way, this is for the ladies: you HAVE to come early so you can get your eyebrows threaded at Beauty Plus, the Indian beauty salon just across the plaza (see my Yelp review). It costs just $7 and they do an amazing job -- your friends who just spent $30 at some upscale waxing salon will be so jealous. It just takes around 10 minutes. It hurts like a mofo, BTW. Which is why you have to take your mind off the pain by watching Govinda, Kareena Kapoor and Hrithik Roshan dance around trees for the next three hours.
<review# 2606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2007,1/31/2007,558,487,8,9,11>I don't really mind the physical structure of Santana Row. It's a nice place to walk around on a nice day. I think have more of an objection to the kind of people that end up on Santana Row on a regular basis. They're not the kind of people I like to associate with but I think I'm secure enough to just ignore most of them when I'm there. The flaunting of exotic cars and Hummers in front of Hotel Valencia is the kind of superficial crap that makes me hate Santana Row. The farmer's market is okay, but it's too small and it's not as good as the one in Campbell on Sundays. Tommy Bahama is for white guys who think they're buying into the "island" lifestyle. Whatever.Sure parking is shitty and traffic going into Santana Row causes back ups on Stevens Creek Blvd., which is really irritating if you're trying to get into Santana Row or just trying to drive by it.So why do I go here? Well, I like nice shit, too. I'm not gonna front. It's nice having Crate and Barrel and The Container Store so close to each other. I love Sur La Table for the sheer volume of kitchen crap that I usually end up needing. My wife likes buying pens at Mai Do. The customer service at the New Balance store is great. And when you just need to chill, there's a library --- I mean Borders --- there too. I need to break down and try the restaurants some day, but we did go there once when there was an Italian festival going on and there were definitely some good eats there.So while those people who go to Santana Row to flaunt themselves irritate the shit out of me, I'm not going there for them. I'm going for me and Santana Row has all the stores I like in one sort-of-convenient place.
<review# 2607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,5/2/2014,380,917,9,17,11>Best pancakes in the South Bay, and one of the best breakfast menus I've seen.Hash House is a new restaurant open for breakfast and lunch and I've already been here three times. The food is excellent and I can't wait to go back. The menu is huge. They have benedicts, scrambles, omelets, waffles, pancakes, french toast, sandwiches and salads. My first visit I got the fried chicken Benedict with  fried chicken on a biscuit topped with an egg and covered in gravy. It was magnificent. Many of the dishes come with a side of country potatoes or hash browns. The country potatoes were decent but not really my thing because there were too many bell peppers. These are very similar to the potatoes at Bill's.The pancakes though are phenomenal. They are dense but not cakey. They have a good flavor and are served really hot. They are my favorite pancakes yet. The country sausage is also great.My beau got eggs Benedict the last time we were there. He said it was ok. The ham was ham and the hollandaise was ok. The eggs however were WAY overcooked. One was actually hard boiled. The waitress was nice and took the meal off the bill. He wished he got pancakes.Everything else I've had here has been great. I can't wait to return.
<review# 2608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,5/1/2014,615,556,8,13,9>I couldn't be more happy to have Opa! in my Campbell Avenue rotation! I've only been for lunchtime, and let me tell you it is always packed. It's hard to find parking so if you're lucky, you can park in the small lot directly behind the restaurant, but if that's full (which it likely will be), just head over to the multi-story structure behind Aqui. I've been here twice since they opened and both times I've indulged in the gyro pita. The shaved gyro meat is tender and delicious, but what really makes the whole dish is the fresh and tangy tzatziki that is spread on top. It's garlicky goodness.The Opa! Fries that are served with the pita are on another level. Seriously. Think freshly-cut In-N-Out fries, on crack. They sprinkle a generous amount of feta cheese on top and are tossed in fresh herbs. Legit.The dish also comes with a cup of a mustard-type sauce, which I have tried on both the fries and the pita, and it just does not make sense. They'd do better to serve this meal with a side of their amazing tzatziki sauce (for fry-dipping and pita smearing). If you're interested, their wine list and cocktail offerings are solid, too. The "Basil of Troy" is essentially a basil/gin mixture (think gimlet), in a highball glass with lots of garnish. Not bad, but not worth the $9 or $10 it costs. I decided to go with a glass of prosecco on my most recent visit and it was the perfect compliment to the gyro pita, surprisingly. The only thing keeping Opa! from five stars is the sometimes-slow-but-not-horribly-so service. I would not recommend coming here if you're on a strict timeline, but if you can handle waiting a little longer than normal for a greeting, drinks, etc., then you'll be just fine.
<review# 2609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,4/30/2014,212,14,8,15,11>Freshest oyster bar around. However, don't expect to get full here! My bf and I usually order two dozens+ of the Royal Miyagis, Shigokus, and Kusshi oysters with a side of truffle/garlic fries. Can't go wrong with that.Service is a hit or miss. Usually very good and consistent though. Tips are split so service is provided by various servers.The bill usually comes out to $60 including tip. Try coming in during HH 2-6 for a lower bill.
<review# 2610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,4/29/2014,84,192,7,10,5>I tried Kabul on a whim and I feel like a kid in Disneyland...Don't even bother trying anything else on the menu, while I'm sure they are good... The beef kabob just hits the spot dead aim in the center!The Kabob comes with a starter salad, don't bother with this, just gently push this to the side and wait for the real star of the meal to appear... It's now been maybe 10min, BAM!  Heavenly foods descend upon you onto your table... The waiters graciously offer to take the meats off of the skewer while you salivate like a nerd discovering pokemon for the first time.You take your first bite and bam! Juices gush out and invade all of your taste buds turning you into a ravenous beast for the duration of your meal. You are in ecstasy...And you will try to eat everything in the plate, most will never come close and have to beg the waiter for a To-go baggie with their tails between their legs...Such is the experience at Kabul.Mouth-watering foods, large portions, decent prices, very nice atmosphere, and fantastic service (didn't even notice when they refilled my water multiple times...)Easily 5 stars!Tip: don't buy the "dough" drink, it taste like ranch dressing in drink form
<review# 2611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,4/28/2014,357,215,8,16,11>I had the pleasure of dining here on their grand opening Monday night. I think their original debut was meant to be for last Saturday, however it was postponed. I finally got my foot in the door so I'm pretty happy. I love the spacious layout of this place. There is definitely space for all types of crowds here: booth for the more intimate groups/dates, long tables for the larger crowds (I can foresee many team meetings being conducted here) and some high tops for the more relaxed crowd and people watching. There was also this small room in the back with some couches, which was a little weird only because it was situated in a secluded area. Onto the drinks: Morgenthaler's Armaretto Sour: A friend recommended this drink to me, and I am so happy I got it. First off, Paper Planes uses more of the labels that you haven't heard of-- this idea, I adore. Its bars like this that make me appreciate the taste of different drinks more. This armaretto sour is different than the typical Disarrono and sweet and sour. With each liquor matched for their cocktails, it truly can be called "craft." Egg white is also added to this cocktail to give it a frothy top layer. I haven't had many cocktails with egg whites outside of the standard pisco sour, but this was definitely a twist I appreciated.  Rootbeer Flip: YUM! Alcoholic root beer? Root beer pops sends me back to my childhood days and after a sip of this, I was definitely happy to have found something that made me nostalgic while at the same time happy that I'm 21+ The Kentucky Buck: A light sweet cocktail that I can imagine anyone who wants something to enjoy leisurely. I don't know how I feel about strawberries with ginger beer but I guess it works.Spice of Life: Very strong in cuucumber. It really took away the taste of any aquavit. I'm not too keen on cucumber drinks so if this is your cup of tea, enjoy. I did however enjoy their house spiced rim of this drink. I would have pulled out the cucumber and ate it with this spice. yummmmmThis was our stop before crossing over to Motown Monday but a few of my friends ordered food and received it pretty fast. The drinks did take a long time-- as to be expected for their first opening night and being craft cocktails. I really hope they figure out the kinks but I will definitely be back. Probably tonight!
<review# 2612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,4/27/2014,396,240,8,20,11>Excellent option for lunch or dinner and super affordable! My go to menu item is their chicken salad. The dressing is so good. It's a perfect blend of sweet and tangy that really compliments the chicken. The combos are also great options. The last time I was here I got the beef broccoli, chow mien, fried rice, and chicken wings lunch combo. The beef was a little too tenderized, but the taste was good. The chow mein and fried rice were acceptable. Chicken wings were super oily, but I liked the batter. Definitely needed some kind of sauce though. You can get four different menu items in a to-go box that is stuffed to the brim! Score! Quick service. If you decide to order on-site, the wait is about 5-7 minutes. You can also call in your order for quick and convenient pick up. The accept MasterCard and Visa. There are also a few tables available if you want to dine in.
<review# 2613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/26/2014,61,12,11,20,14>Came here with a group one night to try out the new Indian restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised by the romantic candle-lit, fine dining atmosphere. After we finished admiring the tasteful artwork and sculptures and getting recommendations from the staff, we ordered a variety of dishes, some of which were:Chicken Lollipops - Nice presentation. It is not a chicken drumstick type of lollipop, but a ball of ground chicken wrapped around the end of a cinnamon stick. Food on a stick is loved by all, but there is definitely some creativity here to use the stick itself as a way to add another layer of flavor to the meat while making it look great and easy to eat. Nicely light crust, most interior, and bursting with flavor and a little heat.Crab Cakes - Another refreshing take on a classic. This crab cake blends the crab meat with some salmon. All of it is moist, flavorful, and cooked perfectly. The mango sauce was a sweet, delicious pairing with the seafood.Rack of Lamb - This was the most talked. It is served to the table on a sizzling cast iron plate. The plate has onions and zucchini cooking underneath the lamb chops. They were petite lamb chops cut into double chops. We ordered them medium-rare and they came out as ordered on the rare side of med-rare, which was just fine with me. The lamb had an amazing tandoori crust on it, with the meat itself very buttery, tender, and moist. It was so tender we easily cut through it with butter knives. It was an instant winner in terms of flavor, texture, presentation and quality of the meat.Saag Paneer - One of my frequently ordered dishes at Indian restaurants is the saag paneer. I always like the contrast that a mild creamy dish of spinach and cheese brings to the table full of meaty, spicy red and brown curries. The spinach here was really rich and flavorful, and a little thicker in consistency. There was a good amount of cubed cheese where I didn't have to go fishing for them, but didn't dominate the spinach, either. The garnish on top was tomato and I think ginger, which was a nice touch, but I do wish it was cut a little thinner so I wasn't getting the shock of biting into a large piece of ginger.Chicken Tikka Masala - This was very good. The chicken was cooked well and was very tender. The sauce was rich and creamy and delicious. This is one of the most commonly ordered Indian dishes, yet at some places you get good chicken, but a flat or oily sauce, sometimes a great sauce, but dry or overcooked chicken. This places did both parts really well and exceeded my expectations.Dum Ki Chicken Biryani - Rice was cooked perfectly and the pieces of chicken in it were tender and delicious.Mixed Grill - This thing is a meat lover's paradise. A pile of tandoori chicken, and various kebab meats. We were all so stuffed at this point we could only pick at some of it. It was also very good, but I will note that one of the kebab meats made with ground meat was a bit salty for my taste.Strawberry Lassi - Delicious. If you like strawberry you will love this alternative to the mango lassi, which I tried later and was also excellent. The smoothness and balance of the fruit, sweetness, and yogurt is spot on.Baklava a la mode - I am a fan of baklava and this was pretty good and the scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side just made it perfect.Rose Petal Ice Cream - This ice cream was absolutely delicious. It was everything you expect from an ice cream in terms of cream, sweetness, and texture. The cold and the cream was already a great way to help cool off the palate and finish the meal, but the rose petals really made a memorable impact, delivering its floral aroma in each bite.The owner, manager, and wait staff were very friendly, attentive, and offered many recommendations during our dinner. Their focus on customer satisfaction is written like a mission statement on the menu, actually encouraging customers to customize and change the food, including spice levels, so that the chef can make you the food you love to eat.Portions were good and pricing was reasonable. Some things edge toward pricey but the quality is there to back it up the so there wasn't anything that really felt overpriced. Overall, this restaurant is an outstanding choice for Indian cuisine because of its unique and traditional menu items, great atmosphere, and its emphasis on quality in so many categories.The Lunch Buffet:Went with coworkers to try the lunch buffet. Lunch setting still has a nice bistro feel, serving water in wine glasses, providing linen napkins, etc., but still kind of casual and comfortable since you are welcome to go to the buffet and serve yourself whenever you please. The buffet offerings were good and delicious, with my favorites being the Aloo Tikki, Butter Chicken, and Tandoori Chicken. We enjoyed everything and will definitely be back again for lunch.
<review# 2614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,4/25/2014,284,184,14,24,18>CALLING ALL YOU LASH LOVERS!!!!Morgan Hill has FINALLY gotten a lash extension boutique!  No more driving to San Jose or Willow Glenn to get your lash "fill".Kristin, the owner of Ooh la Lash is fantastic!  She takes pride in her work and is a perfectionist when it comes to your lashes.  Kristin not only worries about the aesthetics of your lashes, but she is also concerned with the health and longevity of your natural lashes.  Kristin's boutique is not only adorable but she has it well stocked with Grande Lash (lash grower) and some wonderful smelling lotions.  Check out her website for the multiple lash packages she offers!Kristin's is affordable and accommodating.....I highly recommend her!
<review# 2615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,4/24/2014,777,314,24,40,30>This courtyard mini restaurant opened Friday Nov 1 at 11:30 when they revealed the newly renovated courtyard at Valley Fair.  It's located right next to the bathrooms so cannot be missed.  We had to try their lobster and crab sandwiches and lobster bisque soup.  Each sandwich is stuffed with a full 4oz portion of meats and much better than Sam's ChowderMobile!  The sodas are organic and refillable and they have beer on tap as well.  The seafood is flown fresh via Jet Blue each morning from the east coast and picked up from SJC straight to the facility.The full scale restaurant will be open downstairs on Dec 1st where the old Oryza Bistro used to be.  The Southbay now has two choices for seafood dining at this mall!  Our lunch came out to $49 which is a bit pricey for foodcourt food, excuse me--DINING TERRACE food but then again this is VF and you're not at Long John Silver's.
<review# 2616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/23/2014,90,63,11,15,11>Is your gym dull and dreary?Are you wondering why your phone is smart, your TV is smart and even your car is smart, yet your gym has remained the same after all these years?Is cardio a bore?Well, I (and Retro Fitness) have a solution for you!Ok, but seriously, excuse my 1950's advertising pitch, it is RETRO Fitness after all and this place is one of the greatest gyms (especially for the money) you'll ever become a member of.If you're like me, you have your gym routines down and you ask your friends "do you even lift, bro?" (you probably shouldn't do that and neither do I). Coming into this gym I was worried if the equipment would be sufficient in replacing my trusty iron at Gold's but, so far, it's all worked out great and even excelled in many areas Gold's didn't.All, and I mean ALL, of the equipment is BRAND NEW. Have you ever worked out at a gym with BRAND NEW equipment that hasn't been dropped, thrown, kicked, stacked, rolled, that stupid thing where they chain the weight to a belt and do pull-ups with, slammed, bumped.. You get it. And not only is this stuff new it's also state-of-the-art and SMART. Your phone literally plugs into all of the cardio machines for tracking and tuneage while you run yourself into oblivion. Oh, and they all have TV screens on them so if cost is your issue, cancel your cable bill, grab a gym membership and maybe you'll be inclined to give that bike a few pumps while you watch Sports Center or their movie du jour. That's right.. They also have a CARDIO THEATER. I know, this is a lot to take in. Just breathe.This review is running long, sorry, but it's pretty exciting over there, so I'll wrap it up...Staff is super friendly. There's a smoothie bar. There's a tanning bed. Locker room is fine. Everything is clean. It's never wall-to-wall packed. They have group classes on video (P90x, Insanity, Party Off the Pounds with Richard Simmons, etc.) or with instructors. And everything is bright red and yellow. Everything.
<review# 2617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,8/18/2012,483,277,7,7,7>Walked in with my girls on a rainy night, almost felt like we were in a movie scene..., single girls looking for drinks and a good time. Drinks and a good time was exactly what we got!! Silver Dragon, the bartender hooked us up and made us feel very comfortable! 3 shots on the house was a great way to keep us smiling. For a dive bar, this place is pretty awesome. Don't let the location turn you away! Great alternative to Dave and Busters if you just want a good drink and good music without all the noise. Loved the strawberry shortcake shot and the "Strong Island" Dragon made for me!
<review# 2618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,8/17/2012,894,377,6,9,6>Second times the charm?I like this place more the second time around. Maybe it was because I had better company with me? I came here for dinner yesterday and ordered the combo D which is the Spicy Miso Medium ramen with a bowl of pork and rice along with an egg. $11.80 total with tax. I remembered to sprinkle more red spice and white pepper this time. Everything was suprisingly better than the first time I had the spicy miso. I wish I had more bamboo and mushrooms though...Because the egg is hard boiled and not like Orenchi's, I mixed it in with my pork and rice and drizzed a little bit of soy sauce in the bowl. YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!
<review# 2619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2012,8/16/2012,576,429,9,15,12>When you think of downtown San Jose, you don't exactly think of upscale casual dining. I was really blown away and surprised that such a restaurant existed!Ever since the bf started his new job, I hardly see him during the week so we both look forward to Friday Date Night.Last week was horrendously busy for the both of us but he made a reservation without telling me where we were going.Anticipation was killing me! When we arrived, we valeted his car (Arcadia validates valet parking!) and walked in.I didn't know Arcadia was a Michael Mina restaurant. Upscale decor, low lighting, open kitchen view and a wonderful see-through wine room. Cushy leather booths and lounge area with tic-tac-toe games for you to enjoy :)Appetizers:- beef tartare with lotus root chips: I LOVE beef tartare so this was a no brainer. I asked for extra dijon (for me) and extra horseradish (for him) and it was pretty good. I didn't really care for the lotus root chips (although tasty). I opted to use their DELICIOUS bread, which came out hot! They mix the beef tartare at your table as well.- kumamoto + another type of oysters: They give you all the toppings - little bottle of tabasco sauce, tartar sauce, lemon/limes and this delicious vinaigrette.Entrees:- 2x rossini ($44 each): Absolutely delectable. The steak was cooked perfectly rare and cut like butter. The foie gras was perfectly seared and so tender and warm on the inside. The potato cake was also delicious.Sides:- duck fat fries: I didn't find this different  from any other fries i have tasted. bummer :(- wild mushrooms: very good and meaty :)Fun Fact: Rossini was a famous composer who asked for foie gras on top of his filet mignon.I had a glass of Riesling, which was very crisp and a bit fruity at the end. Delicious. My bf had a glass of Leal Cab, which they just opened. I think it needed to open a bit because it wasn't as bold as I thought it would be.By the end of the meal, I was completely stuffed and impressed. My only complaint was, the wait time between our appetizers and entrees was pretty long.We paid about $140 pre-tax. Worth it for a delicious steak in downtown San Jose. I'll be back :)
<review# 2620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,8/15/2012,942,253,17,23,19>After my pedicure nearby this morning, the hubby and I dropped by for breakfast.  Even at 9AM all the tables inside were full with some folks sitting on the tables outside (with their dog).  Being hungry, we opted for counter seating and got menus right away along with coffee.  The hubby broke with tradition and ordered a Canadian bacon omelet with crispy potatoes and his bakery item was a slice of carrot walnut cake (no icing).  Reading the specials board, located above the pass through window to the kitchen, I decided on the Smoked Salmon omelet (smoked salmon, fresh dill, capers, fresh tomatoes and red onion).  I asked for my holladaise sauce to be on the side and for my bakery item, ordered the pineapple pound cake cobbler.I love the coffee served here!  Service from start to finish was awesome as well.  When our breakfast came out, I'm glad we were sitting at the counter as a table for two would barely hold all of the dishes we had between the two of us.  The Canadian bacon omelet (4 eggs) was light and fluffy with melted cheddar cheese on top.  It was delicious but I liked my Smoked Salmon omelet, on the specials menu, even better!  Instead of having smoked salmon with capers, fresh dill, red onion and fresh tomatoes on a bagel (my usual way at Stack's in Campbell), encasing these ingredients into a light and fluffy omelet sealed the deal!  No more bagels for me ~ I was in heaven with this omelet!I had a taste of the hubby's carrot walnut cake and it was moist and full of flavor.  My pineapple pound cake cobbler (no icing on this either but it doesn't need it) was moist with a really fresh pineapple flavor.  You can't go wrong with their bakery items.  There were several folks who opted for the signature cinnamon roll that is HUGE (good for three folks).If you haven't tried our family fave for breakfast, come on down and give it a try!*CASH ONLY - ATM Machine at back of restaurant*
<review# 2621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,8/14/2012,339,216,42,42,24>Many of my friends and fellow Yelpers advised against writing a review for this place -- for the sole reason of keeping this place a hidden secret. OH hell, whatever! I'm writing a review because as a new resident of the Bay Area, I wouldn't know about many of the South Bay's hidden gems if it weren't for Yelp...share the wealth dammit! LOLI just had my first experience at K and C wholesale this past weekend. GREAT EXPERIENCE AND EVEN BETTER PRICES! My friends and I were looking for some fresh local oysters to enjoy since our reservation for Hog Island Oyster Farm fell through. Luckily one of my friends found K and C wholesale on Yelp (See! Do unto others as you would have them do unto you! Thank you to those 7 Yelpers before me who wrote a review! haha). First off, I called ahead to ask what they had in stock and what their hours were, but no one answered the phone. Fifteen minutes later, Grandy calls me back and says this is K and C Wholesale, did someone just call? Caller ID...thanks! :)Grandy said they were out of Kumamotos, but to call back the next day around noon bc that's when he expects his next shipment. I decided to just go straight there around noon the following day because we were planning on picking out various seafoods anyway. When I got there, Grandy was grabbing a pallet's worth of Kumamoto oysters off a delivery truck with his forklift. There were two other guys in line before me - a dad with his minivan full of kids and a cooler and a guy picking up seafood for his restaurant. **okay side track story, I was talking to the delivery guy and asked him if he worked for a resturant or something because he picked up half a pallet's worth of oysters. Turns out the guy was picking up clams and oysters for...wait for it....BOILING CRAB! If he's telling the truth, looks like we just discovered their supplier. LOL** Anyways, this place is a warehouse that sells wholesale seafood to restaurants, markets, and the public. We got 4 dozen small oysters for $28, 5 dozen Kumamotos for $60 (STEAL!), and 5 pounds of clams for $3.60/lb (the clams are HUGE btw, and only sold to you at a minimum of 5 lbs). He also had crabs and lobsters, but I'll try those next time.Now that I've betrayed my friends and told you about this place, I would appreciate an invite to your next BBQ oysters night please since I might not have anymore friends after they find out I wrote the review anyway. :X
<review# 2622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,8/12/2012,322,342,10,13,12>What a cute little Thai place!!! If I had some Thai relatives, this is the vibe I would like to get if I came over for dinner! The place is romantic, but has a home-ly look to it as well so it's quite comfortable and relaxing!I usually just hold my purse when I eat so no one steals it and also so it doesn't touch anything dirty lol, but the waitress(or owner?) actually BROUGHT a chair for me to rest it on. So nice!! So anyway, we ordered the usual. Ordered a roti with peanut sauce(several sauces to choose from). Roti was reallyyy good, flaky on the outside and chewy on the inside. Sauce was yummy, used up every drop of it. The pad thai had a different taste than other restaurants, more of a fish saucy taste. It was still good, but wasn't my favorite place for pad thai. As usual, we like to have the yellow curry ingredients('cause of the potatoes) but put the green curry sauce because we're difficult and picky like that, and the waitress was all smiles and pleased to do that for us. It turned out great and was reallyyy good.Prices are slightly cheaper than most places(yay!), service is by far the best and most welcoming, food is worth visiting a second time. We'll be back!
<review# 2623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,8/11/2012,289,187,6,12,9>I love discovering places that follow the motto : "Don't judge a book by it's cover".This place definitely epitomizes the saying. It is located in the same plaza as BBH An Nam and there is nothing fancy about the salon's exterior and interior. I made an appointment to get a dye ($55) and a cut ($25) with Trinh. I walked in and they were ready to help me within 5 minutes. There was a constant flow of customers she had to juggle that walked in so I was there for a good 2 hours. She really listened to what I wanted and explained to me what she was doing along the way. In the end, I got the wispy, flowy bangs I wanted (first time that they havent been too choppy and short). I also like the shade of my color but I wish it was lighter. My fault though because I kept expressing my fear that it would be too light. She blew my hair out and curled the ends for me when she was done. All in all, a great experience! Very nice  and helpful staff!
<review# 2624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,8/10/2012,2666,2599,8,9,11>I finally had the chance to try this place after I've had it booked marked since forever! Luckily, one of my friends posted about it on Facebook and lo n' behold we had a lunch date.It was easy to find, but not much else around this area. The parking lot is nice, large and rarely fills up even during a busy lunch hour. They have a DRIVE THROUGH! That was definitely refreshing for a Mexican joint that's not Taco Bell. Inside is small, tables are also small ... this is not the place for a party at all. The menu is extensive but I decided to let my friend dictate the order and he came back with a shrimp burrito with carne asada added. I'll give it to him, the shrimp burrito with carne asada is nothing I've ever had before (clearly since people don't tend to associate the two types of ingredients together) and it was delicious, flavorful and the shrimp was to dried out or was there only a few of them. This burrito was packed with goodies and guac and delicious rice. The only thing I didn't like too much is that there was some kind of cream sauce. I thought maybe sour cream with thousand island but that wasn't it ... I didn't like it. Next time I'll have it get it sans the cream sauce. Their lengua is also just ok, I don't think their tacos are awesome so ... I guess this is going to be my burrito joint!
<review# 2625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,8/9/2012,854,542,23,33,26>After running into some of my favorite Wine Affairs people as KraftBrew was drawing to a close, I made an eager beeline across the street to the soft-opening of Original Gravity.Stepping through the wide open doors, it was a pleasure to see Rob (ala Wine Affairs!) tending to the taps; its welcoming and assuring attention to customer experience to have a person behind the bar that is knowledgeable and enthusiastic about beer as well as friendly and personable. Staring at the 20+ taps arrayed in a long tidy row (the name, make, price, & %ABV are also displayed on a widescreen TV overhead), I wondered where to start. With Rob's recommendation, I ventured forth with the Deviant Dale's IPA, Drake's Denogginizer, and Victory Hop Wallop......3 down, 22 taps to go...The beer menu covers a decently broad stroke of tastes, though potent IPAs, strong ales, and trappiste beers dominate the stage, with a few pils, stouts, and lighter/crisper offerings round out the selection. With a rotating menu of 25 taps and X of bottles; there should be something to suit anyone's palate at some point. Even if there isn't something familiar, be adventurous and try something new.With beer(s) in hand, it was time to look around. The space is a chic well-found balance of old and new, melding San Jose Historic District's architectural elements of wood & masonry with modern appliqués of glass and brushed steel. Rich colors offset brick walls. Novel beer bottle lighting fixtures glow overhead, dark wood flooring firm underfoot. A handful of tidy tables neighbor indoors, while a long hallway lets out onto an accommodating back patio.This past Tuesday, I decided to stop in again for dinner (a quick facebook message from Original Gravity simply stating "We are open!" was enough to entice me). They were still presenting a limited menu (understandably), but a few friends and I were able to try the sausages and duck fat fries. All of the sausage sandwiches looked like hearty portions; after one beer and a sausage I was pretty full (although I could not stop noshing on the crispy fries & dipping sauce - they were rather good). While there are some enticing sounding meats spotlighted in the "exotics" case at the front of the house, I went with the bratwurst (and a Heretic Evil Twin to sip on); someone said "ballgame" and I was feeling nostalgic. Also, candied jalapenos are my new favorite topping - if I figure out how to make/get it I will put it on everything!... 4 down, 21 taps to go...Amidst all of the buzz and scramble of a busy soft open, Dan - one of the partners/owners - took the time to welcome and get to know guests, and Johnny - also partner/owner - took good care to be attentive, accommodating, and inquisitive of our experience. Between the two of them and the team they've assembled, I see nothing but well-deserved success.Seeing as how I've only experienced this new downtown San Jose hotspot twice, a gushing review might be a little precocious, but what the heck, let it rain stars like dollars at a strip club! And yes, that's probably a disproportionate tilt, but I've been excited and anticipating Original Gravity Pub's foray into the San Jose nightlife/bar scene since I first caught word of them months ago.Good beer, cool vibe, great staff, ambitious & attentive partners. Off to a promising start, OG. I'll be back. A lot.___________________________I wonder if I can knock down the entire beer menu before it rotates? Yes, I'll really try. Hi, I'm Mikey, I like to make games of things.Someone set up a UYE here, STAT!
<review# 2626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,8/8/2012,439,671,8,16,13>the world according to noelle~2012~Moveable Feast: Willow Glen was my first time going to a mass food truck dining experience. There was ample parking and lines moved rather quickly. We had food from the following: Chairman Bao, O Mi Ninja, WOW- Silog Truck.At Chairman Bao we had the baked pork bun which was delicious around $6 dollars and two steamed pork buns which were around $3 dollars a piece, the baked pork bun had more meat, the steamed pork buns had less meat, both sandwiches were delicious, meat was super tender and flavorful. My husband enjoyed the Lemon Grass Chicken Banh Mi from O Mi Ninja. The chicken was super moist flavorful, served up with sprouts, carrots on a freshly baked baguette.We also had tapa silog from the WOW Silog Truck. The tapa meat was grisly but the egg and garlic fried rice were amazingly delicious.We wanted to have Scoops (as we're fans of their ice cream) but the line was too long. We went over to the Project Cupcake truck to find out where the owner would be next (as she ran out of the cupcakes quickly)- she was unfriendly and said something to the fact that she was surprised to see that her cupcakes sold so quickly because she didn't think people in San Jose would spend much on cupcakes or food trucks in general, she always thought Los Altos was better than SJ but to her surprise the Moveable Feast in Willow was a great experience in cupcake sales. Due to this poor impression I definitely won't patronize her cupcake truck. Overall, all the food trucks were run by authentically friendly people serving delicious food. The one negative was the Project Cupcakes owner thinking people in the Willow Glen area of SJ wouldn't spend as much as the people in Los Altos- but I guess there are bad apples in every bunch and she was definitely one.I'm glad Moveable Feast Willow Glen was a success!!! Looking forward to more great eats!!!
<review# 2627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/12/2014,53,127,8,14,14>I volunteered for the Yelp Helps potluck at Veggielution and had a great time meeting fellow Yelpers as well as help out do a good deed.  I'll admit, I'm lazy to take care of my own plants, but Veggielution grows plants all for great causes.  It's all about the education for young kids as well as the ability to help out local low-income families with organic produce.I was only there for a few hours, but it was great to get my hands dirty by pulling weeds from the green onion area.  I wish I could've taken a before/after picture because it felt good to see all the weeds pulled and just the green onions standing.  Sorta like a sense of accomplishment.We were given a tour of the farm and given a little backstory of the place, which I learned a lot about the organization.If someone is intersted in doing some fun volunteer work, I highly recommend Veggielution!
<review# 2628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,4/11/2014,231,284,9,16,16>HEY GUYS, THEY SELL IMPERIAL POMADE HERE.Got three of the fiber pomades but none of the classic, no biggie. They usually sell the classic here but I feel like those sell super quick. The total was about 65 bucks ($20x3+tax).Customer service here is super friendly. I would totally get a haircut here if I were a d00d.
<review# 2629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,4/10/2014,124,364,11,18,11>Jonty's has easily become one of my new favorite places to eat.  And fortunately for me, it's right around the corner from my work!  I've been here numerous times for lunch and occasionally to pick up dinner.Jonty's offers delicious Vietnamese food with a non-traditional twist.  The menu is very simple and straightforward.  1) Pick a dish: sandwich (bahn mi), noodle bowl, rice plate, salad2) Pick a protein: anchovy garlic steak, pork belly, curry chicken, lemongrass pork, cha lua, tofuI've tried everything but the cha lua and curry chicken.  My favorite is the pork belly and it's really hard for me not to order it.  It's always cooked and flavored to perfection.  In fact my mouth is salivating just thinking about the crispy skin and succulent meat.  Need I say more?  The lemongrass pork is another good (less-gluttonous) option.  The anchovy garlic steak is also very flavorful and tender. Love their bahn mi!  The baguette has the perfect crunch on the outside and softness on the inside.  The sandwiches are loaded with fresh veggies and perfectly pickled carrots to compliment the meat.  I was adventurous one day and tried the tofu bahn mi with a fried egg upon their recommendation... definitely going to have that again on a day I can part with the pork belly.  The rice plates are pretty filling and come with a side salad.  Noodle bowls are also a decent sized portion.  The salad is a more refreshing option with crisp produce and a light dressing.  I recently tried it with the anchovy garlic steak and loved it!There are a couple extras you can add onto your meal, like a fried egg, pate or extra meat.  The menu also offers egg rolls, spring rolls, and coffee.There are several benches and tables surrounding the counter.  The area is surrounded by pots of bamboo and planters... you hardly feel like you're surrounded by parking lots and train tracks.With all of the delicious options and endless combinations, I know I will never get tired of coming here.  Sure helps that the prices are very reasonable and the owners are super friendly!
<review# 2630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,4/9/2014,431,186,13,23,15>Cannot/ will not ever get sick of ramen, must be my Japanese bloooood. I rank this place number 2 or 3 in my list of bay area ramen places.1. Orenchi (hate the wait)2. Kotetsu/ Sentouka3. Ramen Dojo4. KahooAll these places are super different from each other and all really good so I recommend all of them. I get the Kuro Kotetsu Ramen with extra egg ^.^ The other place that does egg as good as Orenchi. nomzzz.The broth is a little more salty than the Orenchi one I think. And the noodles are also done differently. The good thing about this is place is that its hidden between an Indian supermarket and Thai restaurant so nobody thinks that there would be a delicious ramen placing hiding there. MUAHAHAHA. but now the secret is out. Also, the chicken karaage is different here. I would say more panko less chicken but who doesn't love fried panko hehehe. They don't take reservations just like most ramen places but there is usually no wait, but like I said, I think more people are discovering it so last time I had to wait about 30 minutes for a table on a Friday. which really still isn't bad compared to other ramen places *cough Orenchi cough* le sigh... now I'm craving ramen
<review# 2631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,4/8/2014,483,277,11,14,12>I usually dislike buffets because i can never eat for the price I pay but this place has a great sushi selection and I've become a fan!  Yes, Sushi! It's just as good as any other sushi place I've eaten at.  They have a big selection of rolls and sashimi, salads and they also have a Chinese section serving hot Chinese dishes.  The  hot and sour soup here is one of the best I've had anywhere.  They serve crab and snow crabs during dinner. I've taken a few friends here and they also like it!  Don't let the word "buffet" turn you away.
<review# 2632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,4/7/2014,59,38,9,13,12>I recommended this place to my sis to celebrate her bday.... The set up for her was perfect! She was expecting about 25 ppl and we were all seated comfortably... Apps and drinks were ordered and I must say for my first time eating and drinking there, pretty amazing! The build your own Blushy options were fantastic and delicious!  all the food that I tried made my taste buds hop w joy, especially the sushi tacos . My sis end up ordering bottle service and popping two bottles of peach ciroc and the service provided was excellent... The staff there are fun and totally cater to you. I will continue to recommend this place to others and keep it on my fav list!
<review# 2633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,4/6/2014,464,603,6,12,7>The bridesmaids and I hosted a bridal shower here a few weeks at Satori and I couldn't be any happier with the results! The employees here were friendly and helpful as well as organized. Really no complaints! Hosting a bridal shower outside of your home is of course a bit on the pricier side, but a lot more convenient and the tea room is so kitsch and decorated nicely. All we needed to bring was a banner and some balloons.The tea room is a bit hidden, behind Peggy Sue's and adjacent to Old Spaghetti Factory. If you park across the street, Satori validates parking.I was so in love with this place after the bridal shower, I have made reservations to come back this coming Saturday :) I'm so excited to try more different tea flavors (so far the white peach is my favorite). This really is a great place and treat to catch up with friends. I probably like this place better than Lisa's Tea Treasures.Some helpful hints for planning a bridal shower here:- Request the list of teas and pick before hand- You can bring your own champagne, but they charge corkage fee- Desserts here are just average, so you can probably skip that when you pick a tea package- eat the scones first when they arrive because they are fresh and warm!- have fun!
<review# 2634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,4/5/2014,405,378,6,11,9>~*~Beat the rush, great meat sandwiches, awesome root beer (or in my case coke) floats in a chilled mug~*~SEATING:Limited, come early or a little after the rushALWAYS ORDER:Tri-Tip sandwich $8.99Root beer (coke) float $3.49 They'll buzz you to the counter in 7-13 minutes depending on how busy it is.  Yes, yes, I am specific with my estimated time...no need to mention it further.This is in the Popeyes parking lot so its snug.Only open for lunch...Recommend.
<review# 2635,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2014,4/4/2014,269,780,6,10,10>For a simple small farmers market it has everything I need.  I usually just get some fresh veggies for my week.  They were about to close up shop when I came but I sneaked in to get some organic carrots, curly kale, lacinto kale, fennel, japanese taro, baby yams, and my bf got some fresh cut flowers.  Grand total for everything $12.  Can't beat that and it's just down the street.
<review# 2636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,4/3/2014,532,459,9,16,13>A perfect Saturday night dinner! I was truly impressed by the customer service and the innovative and extensive menu of both traditional Korean dishes (bibimap) and non-traditional (pork belly masubi). The restaurant was busy but we were able to snag 2 seats at the bar very easily. One of the co-owners was manning the bar and he was very helpful in helping us choose our dishes. The menu is 2 very long pages and trying to whittle it down to 1-2 dishes is the only downside because you want EVERYTHING! In the end I ordered the mini tostadas that had spicy pork and chorizo with lettuce, corn and a spicy sauce. Yummy and creative! I also had the pork belly masubi and you get 5 huge pieces and the pork belly was the perfect amount of fat and meat. My fiancée ordered the spicy chicken bibimap and it was perfectly cooked and a generous portion. I wish I had 3 stomachs so I could have ordered more dishes but just means I'll have to come back vey soon and I will be for sure! Ps - they don't have a full bar however they had a good selection of sake, wine and beer. AND if you are a sports fan, there are plenty of TVs!
<review# 2637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,8/31/2013,894,377,9,13,9>Wine bar? I'm there! I love this place. Great place for a snack and to enjoy a bottle of wine with good company. I love red blends so my choice of bottle for you red blend lovers is Awakening by Nottingham Cellar. I also loved the fig and prosciutto panani, nuttella and banana panini, as well as the chicken pesto panini. I couldn't decide on which one to eat so why not all 3! Their meat and cheese platter is a really good way to start your appetizer. The jam is uhh-mazing. Salmon crostinis are yum!
<review# 2638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,8/30/2013,414,400,13,15,12>"Cream on the inside, clean on the outside. Ice, ice cream, ice cream paint job."Plenty of food trucks to go around:Treatbot- Single Scoop $3.00 (Many flavors) The Chairman (Bao) - Steamed Tender Pork Belly with Turmeric Pickled Daikon & Green Shiso $3.75Sam's Chowdermobile- PO Boy and Fries (Fried bay andouille with remoulade, toasted bun, and old bay fries) $8.75- Sam's Lobster Roll (Maine lobster, warmed butter, toasted bun) Regular $16.12; Shortie $10.59Tina's Tips and Tantrums- Parking limited, but free- Long lines are to be expected- Someone stands in line and someone save seats- Tummy was only hungry for three- Sam's Chowdermobile is always good especially their lobster roll. Super generous about their lobster!- First time, I've never had the Po Boy (andouille - slightly spiced) but it was good and oily though. Fries were bomb!- Chairman's pork belly bun was delicious, a wee bit on the greasy side - Ice cream flavors we had were Ube - Purple Yam, Old School Vanilla, and The 408 - Caramel Ice Cream with Oreos and Fudge. I loved my "The 408" so yummylicious!- Always a great way to spend time with your friends and family.
<review# 2639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,8/29/2013,293,44,28,40,36>Chloe Lomeli is a hair-transforming goddess!! I can't say enough positive things about my experience at Umbrella! The espresso-stained floors, high ceilings, and open floor plan lend the place a fabulous feeling of open airiness. The stylists seem to genuinely love their job, and their infectious radiant energy makes the entire salon a truly happy place to be.I came into Umbrella with tired locks that were seriously overdue for some lovin', but  with a vague idea of what look I was trying to achieve. Though I was running late, I was politely greeted by a receptionist and by an uber-friendly stylist who offered me refreshments. Soon after my brief waiting time, I was whisked to a chair opposite one of the big, open windows that bathed the salon in a gorgeous blanket of natural light. Chloe inquired about my hair habits, my preference regarding maintenance level, and my desired look. She listened carefully and sculpted a style plan that was compatible with my current hair routine. A shampoo/relaxing head massage, cut, style, and easy conversation two hours later later, I was on my way (with free validated parking at the Market garage!) with a fresh and fabulous new 'do and a petite, purse-friendly bottle of Oribe's pleasingly subtle Côte d'Azure hair refresher--which has proven to be an indispensable addition to my armoire of beauty products. Book with Chloe and you'll be receiving gushing compliments left and right for your luscious locks :)
<review# 2640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,8/28/2013,421,475,4,4,7>I love this local hole in the wall. What's his name... DRAGON?? (their number 1 bartender) He hooked us up with some Strawberry Shortcake Shots! OMGOSH it was so delicious that I had 2 more. :) Plus a mint chocolate chip, tootsie roll and a watermelon jolly rancher or something like that. IT WAS ALL GOOD! Very cold and sweet. I spent my birthday here and there was only my group of friends and a few other folks. We danced, we played pool and we drank. That's how a bar should operate. WOO HOO! Milpitas night life!!!!!!!!! p.s. you can request to change the music and pretend to be dj as well.
<review# 2641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,8/27/2013,352,165,12,24,10>Can I please give Dr. Higgins 6 stars? She is amazing and her little private practice makes my busy life so much easier. Before coming to Dr. Higgins I would have to spend a majority of my Saturday (my only day off) to wait to get renewed. Dr. Higgins had me in and out in less than 10 minutes. She also has a dope looking aquarium is her office which makes me feel totally calm and takes me back to my childhood of growing up with aquariums. Her front desk receptionist was also very friendly and welcoming. Although I've been through the renewal process many times, he definitely knew his stuff and explained things very thoroughly. Their little dog, named Doug, was also a big plus since I'm a dog lover. Thank you Dr. Higgins!
<review# 2642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,8/26/2013,777,314,12,18,14>Great food, service, and no wait!We decided to come here for my bday after boo boo and I was racking our brain.  It was the perfect choice because it was close, had no wait, a great value, and was some place we never tried before.We got the standard $29.99 deal with shrimp and the clams and added garlic noodles and cajun fries.  The shrimp, clams, corn, and sausage came in one big piping hot bag.  The clams meat were big and succulent and so were the shrimp.  The corn, on the other hand tasted like it was frozen.The garlic noodles was a good portion with heaps of garlic cloves.  The cajun fries were crisp and perfectly seasoned.  Our waiter was very attentive--so attentive in fact that whenever I turned around to check out the kitchen, he would ask if I needed something.  LOL.  We managed to find a spot to scribble our name so if you are sitting at the left side of the restaurant, look for us!  The parking lot is a bit small and some spots are reserved for the other businesses.  Also I was told that although there was no waiting on the night we went, there is on the weekends now especially as this place is gaining in popularity.  Give it a try.  It beats waiting 1+hr at BC.
<review# 2643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/25/2013,739,432,16,19,16>Look out IHOP, there's a new Pancake House in town - Michelle's!But you won't find flapjacks here - Michelle's is all about Taiwanese pancakes, an essential food group in the Taiwanese food pyramid.FOOD: (3.5 stars)-----------------------------Beef rolls ($7.95) - 3.5 starsCame out lukewarm. Not too oily, but had only a thin layer of ground beef. (yelp.com/biz_photos/mich)Green onion pancake ($4.50) - 4 starsCan't hold a candle to my mom's pancakes (nothing can), but nonetheless crispy, not too oily, and flavorful. (yelp.com/biz_photos/mich)Jia jia mien ($7.50) - 4 starsI enjoyed this veggie combination with over noodles that we got to mix ourselves. The oyster sauce gave the the dish some nice flavor. (yelp.com/biz_photos/mich)Turnip pancake ($8.25 combo with another pancake item) - 4 starsHad a nice fried texture without being too oily, and considering that it was only turnip inside, it actually wasn't too bad. (yelp.com/biz_photos/mich)Chicken pancake (part of the $8.25 combo) - 3 starsSame outer texture as the turnip pancakes, but I the chicken paste filling tasted a bit off.Beef noodle soup ($7.95) - 2.5 starsHad a good amount of beef and veggies, but I couldn't enjoy this as it was just way too salty. Less salt and I could probably give this 4 stars. (yelp.com/biz_photos/mich)One gripe I had was that the turnip and chicken pancakes were all brought on the same plate, so it was difficult to tell what was what without biting into it. Some better presentation would've helped.SERVICE: (4 stars)-----------------------------This is a place where you mark the items you want on a list and hand it to the waiter, so I thought that service would be impersonal. But I was pleasantly surprised to find that the staff was friendly and attentive. Our pot of tea (complimentary) was refilled twice without our asking, and our requests were accommodated cheerfully.OVERALL: (3.7 stars)-----------------------------A decent place to get satisfy your Taiwanese pancake craving for a reasonable price. Most of the items we had were good, and they're definitely good about not using more oil than necessary. And warm service on top of that is a plus. So hop on over to Michelle's and get your pancaking on!
<review# 2644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,8/24/2013,1103,24,47,52,49>Ok I admit it.  I'm a Hunan-addicted crack whore. Just can't get enough of it.  I stopped checking in because I was here sometimes 4 days in a row and it was kinda embarrassing how much I need to eat my Hunan Taste.  Sometimes it will be randomly closed and I would be so devastated that I could not recover until they opened back up.  I am here probably 3-4 times a week on average.I could eat here everyday.  It's my dad's favorite place.  It is now my bf's fav place too.  We are spicy-addicted people though.  And Hunan spares NONE when dishing up the spicy.  Once time we boldly and foolishly made the mistake of requesting spicy x's 3, (HUGE MISTAKE) I spent the entire meal crying my head off, simply because it was SO spicy it was almost inedible.  I like to ask for regular spicy.  And depending on the cook that day, it might mean my sauce is pure red chili pepper galore, so thick it's like a paste.My all-time fav dishes: -Chicken with black bean sauce - Ordered "extra spicy" and extra bamboo because I freaking am so obsessed with their bamboo.-Song's Special - so amazing. Order "extra spicy!"-Hot and sour soup is a MUST GET.  You will never eat hot and sour soup like this ANYWHERE!!!  I also order this "extra spicy"-Basil beef or chicken - order it "extra spicy x's 2!  The flavors are so intense and wonderful!  And their beef is not that low quality beef at Chinese restaurants, which I happen to NEVER eat. Yuk-ANYTHING with black bean sauce!  Yum, yum, yum.Sop I like to drive here by myself during my lunch time, I sneak off here alone, so no one knows how much of an addict I am, and I order my craving of the day.  Today was my Number one fav, Chicken and black bean sauce.  I think the cook took my request for "Extra Spicy" extra serious today because I cried while eating my food.  Still, can't beat the flavors here.  Hunan can't even be found in a 50+ mile radius, not like this kind of Hunan.  Unless we go to Henry's in the city...  Now that's a whole nother story.
<review# 2645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,8/23/2013,366,164,6,7,7>Before I write this review, I must confess... I used to be one of those people that thought PHO was the only Vietnamese food out there.  I cannot believe I haven't had Banh Cuon until just recently.  This is amazing!  This place is a must eat for anyone visiting San Jose!  #2 Banh Cuôn Thit Dac Biet (less than $10 per plate)Picture: yelp.com/user_local_photParty on a plate! Half of the dish is the BANH CUON, which consists of pork/shrimp wrapped in rice flour sheets.  If you order #1 you get a variety with pork & shrimp.  I ordered #2 which is only pork.  The Banh Cuon has a very light taste of rice and meat, and you can add more flavor to it by dipping it in fish sauce with red chili flakes.  The half-moon-shaped pieces on top are pork.  It's not greasy/oily or overly "fishy" as some people might complain about Vietnamese food.  The other half of the dish consists of a cucumber and bean sprout salad, this little fried egg roll with meat, one piece of fried shrimp, and my favorite... SWEET POTATO FRIES!  These are the best things ever!  You can also order an extra serving of fries on the side, or you can substitute one of the other things on your plate for more fries.  Yes, I love sweet potato fries... This restaurant also serves other common Vietnamese dishes such as meat and veggies over rice vermicelli, pho, rice plates, and some seafood specialties.  I had a couple sips of their pho broth, and it was also very delicious.  If you come here early, you can ask for a bowl of pho broth with the meat knuckle in it!  Both times that I have been here, the service has been excellent. This place accepts credit cards - It is NOT cash only!Basically, this place is awesome! I hope you enjoy your meal.Suggestions:- Order #1 or #2 Banh Cuon- If you can't eat spicy, ask for fish sauce plain, with no red chili flakes- Come hungry, because the food is gonna fill you up!
<review# 2646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,8/22/2013,1128,746,8,17,10>The universe is definitely helping me out this week. How? I'll tell you how ...Last night I was watching endless YouTube videos on Butter Chicken and Masala recipes- it's a guilty pleasure watching cooking videos, don't judge. Then out of nowhere since it was just my mother and I having dinner tonight, I suddenly remembered 8Elements, an Indian restaurant that had opened up nearby with great reviews!That is just too good.We came into the restaurant of lovely spices wafting through the air, oh and you already know you're going to smell like Indian spice goodness when you leave! Mmm, mmm, mmm.We decided on their House Butter Chicken and Andhra Stuffed Brinjal along with Mango Lassi. You get to choose either Basmati Rice or Naan (Garlic Naan is an extra $1) to go with your meal. I went with the Naan and my mother the rice.We were served this interesting flat, crispy cracker with a cilantro, mint, lime dipping sauce. Really reminded me of Rice crackers or potato flour crackers. The green sauce is similar to Salsa Verde but more minty flavor and less chili.The food came out in good time and though the portions looked a bit small, they are very filling when paired with naan or rice. Butter Chicken: A balance of flavors, lovely color and the chicken absolutely tender and moist. Honestly, the chicken was so soft, but held it's shape it was perfectly cooked. The sauce was sweet, had the balanced blend of Indian spices and savory at the same time. I loved sopping up the sauce up with my naan, hello carby goodness. Although Butter Chicken is indeed made with butter (shocking!) it didn't feel too heavy or greasy upon eating. In fact this dish was light, I can't say the same about the naan though. Which was thick and wonderfully dense!Andhra Stuffed Brinjal: My mother chose this dish due to her love of eggplants and the fact that these were baby stuffed eggplants ... she just had to get them! The dish came with about 6 baby eggplants covered in a spicy, tamarind masala. The eggplants were tender and let me talk about the sauce covering it. This sauce has crazy dimension, you get the first hits of savory goodness and once its gone this warming heat comes out of nowhere and literally punches your mouth in it's face. Yes, punches your mouth's face. Or taste buds if you want to be anatomically correct about such things. The heat on this was perfect and came about so... gracefully. That little chili pepper next to their dishes are no joke.Mango Lassi: Beautifully presented in a tall milkshake glass, smooth, tasted of fresh mangoes and that hint of yogurt in the background. It was also garnished with some type of berry/cilantro syrup. It was not chilled or iced as I have had it before, but allowed it's flavors to show even more.The food was delicious, filling and honestly heart warming. Also they have a wide variety of patrons dinning in here mostly Indian families which is a good sign! The ambiance is warm, simplistic but inviting.The only con about this visit was the spotty service, we had two servers and I believe the chef had to come out to help serve us and the newly arriving guests. I hope they can think of a more efficient and strategic service plan, once they do the place will be perfect.P.S. Check in on Yelp and get 10% off your dinner!
<review# 2647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,9/23/2008,16,33,17,19,15>Let me preface this review by saying that I am a Hawaiian BBQ junkie. As soon as I had my first taste of chicken katsu curry with mac salad and a spam musubi in Hawaii, I was doomed. I'm a big fan of Japanese food, and this is such an incredible fusion of Japanese style cuisine with readily available American ingredients, I couldn't believe that the universe had created an entire genre of food just for me.That being said, this is by far the best Hawaiian BBQ I have ever had (and readers with an attention span longer than a goldfish will remember I mentioned having eaten it in Hawaii itself. It's up there in the previous paragraph. It's ok, go fact-check me. I'll wait.) The chicken katsu was perfect - made to order, crispy on the outside, moist on the inside and not greasy at all. I strongly suspect that they are using S&B Golden Curry, or something that tastes precisely like it. For you curry afficionados out there, you know that this means high quality. The potatoes in the curry were fully saturated with the currified goodness, but not soggy or structurally compromised. They stayed firmly on my fork but yielded to my teeth. PERFECT.The rice is sticky but not gummy, and the mac salad is fantastic.The spam musubi are premade and wrapped in saran, in a glass container that reads 'Got Spam Musubi?' which tickled me. Having bought my fair share of ready-to-go musubi in Hawaii, it didn't bother me that they weren't being made to order, and when I unwrapped it and ate it later, it was still warm and fantastic.My friend got the Hawaiian special shaved ice, and enjoyed it thoroughly. They have a high-quality shaved ice machine that makes the ice fluffy and light like snow, not the crushed ice BS that some places will try to pull on you. He said the "blue flavor" syrup was his favorite -- honestly, by that point I was too stuffed full of katsu curry and mac salad to take a single bite of anything else.
<review# 2648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2008,9/21/2008,477,595,15,18,19>I love Imahara!  My mom used to take me here when I was little so we could stock up on items such as fresh tofu, kalua pig, fruits and veggies and lots more!  This Japanese market is small but has everything you need.. I love that they have a lot of Hawaiian food and drinks!  Imahara's is closed on Sundays which I had to find out the hard way.. And they only take cash so be prepared!  I usually come here with $20 and leave with bags full of groceries.. Their tofu is the best tofu I have ever had!  It's fresh from San Jose Tofu!  Kids love this place too because of the candy aisle.. Hell, I still love the candy aisle!
<review# 2649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,9/20/2008,942,253,22,26,26>After the Sake Tasting Event in San Jose's Japantown, a group of us (Jaye C., Walter P., Randy T., Mikey U., John Michael, Cindi N., Ron S., Jackie S., Aja and yours truly Beth W.) met up here for some serious fried chicken!  It was Cindi N.'s suggestion that we eat here after sampling the various sake (annual fundraiser for the senior center) + Japanese snacks....this was my first trip to 99 Chicken and won't be my last!The restaurant (mom & pop joint) is located in a small strip mall next to the PetCo on El Camino near San Tomas Expressway.  Entering you can smell the delicious smell of fried chicken!  There is a self serve buffet area where you can dish up a bowl of hot steaming rice, marinated daikon (white radish), cole slaw, steamed broccoli and carrots, chopped lettuce and two types of dressing you can use over the cole slaw or lettuce or both.  Pitchers of cold iced water are ready as is hot tea.  Plates, small saucers, glasses, cups and silverware are all available here.Since we had the "private room" anchored by Walter P. and Jaye C. who arrived first, the kind owners who know Walter P. very well, brought a HUGE bottle of beer for the birthday boy John Michael!  On the table was a basket of popcorn (?) that was tasty and several iced shot glasses brought out by the generous owner.  He brought us a pitcher of a lemon flavored soju (somewhat similar to Japanese sake) to toast the birthday boy.  We all raised a shot glass and down the hatch!  Surprisingly smooth ~ kind of like Sunny D with a kick!  :0)The platters of chicken started coming out to our delight!  What is so amazing about their chicken is that it is grease less....serious!  This can only be achieved if fried at a very high heat folks and they've got this handled very well.  Cindi got the Sriracha brand hot sauce (red sauce that's searingly hot but delicious) and mixed it with the ranch dressing in a small rice bowl and dipped her chicken in this mixed sauce.  I tried it and boy, was that delicious!  We passed it around to have the others try it ~ before long, everyone went to make their own.Towards the end of all this talking and eating with good folks, Cindi motioned to me about the cupcakes (she was in the far corner of the room).  I asked the owner's wife for the cupcakes (yellow cake with a smurf blue buttercream) who gave them to me with a smile.  Turning back into the room, everyone started singing "Happy Birthday John Michael" while I passed the cupcakes around.  A sweet ending to a fun filled night...good food + good company = good times!
<review# 2650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2008,9/19/2008,388,717,20,21,21>I need some new lunch places to hit around Santa Clara.  So I thought I would check out some Yelper's lists for lunch spots. I found this place and thought why not.  We usually go to Kobe and I don't really like the food there. They are located on Winchester and Pruneridge across from Walgreen's. The plaza is pretty old an you would not think there was a Sushi restaurant there.  Once we were inside the place its pretty small but I think they had another room in the back since alot of people was leaving from the back. I guess we got lucky because it was not busy at all. The hostess greeted us and we sat tatami style (shoes off).  I ordered there bento box and the vegetable croquettes. I had goyza with shashimi.  The bento box was good, but the vegetable croquettes I think has a bit to much breading for me.  Overall the food was deliciousand fresh. So much better than Kobe. The service was very good too.  Our waitress was nice and attentive. She checked up on us and see how we were doing.  I think I ate to much or to fast.  My tummy is so full! So I add another lunch spot to my list.Sorry there is no cute hot asian guy at this one.
<review# 2651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,9/18/2008,352,471,13,16,16>On the run for some fast lunch? well this place may be the only taqueria that offers a drive through window in San Jose.With my 30 minute lunch, I was able to drive through, pick up my food, get back to my office, and cram my burrito into my face.I had the super buritto with al pastor.  The burrito had a mix filling which I'm unsure of other than the al pastor, some rice, beans, and avacado.  They were nice to pack 2 slices of lemon and a thumb cup of thier hot sauce.  Overall, the food tasted good and was filling, however the size of the super burrito was kind of small compare to the places I've been.  Also, guessing from their menu, their regular burrito (4.50?) is probably the same, except for the avacado and sour cream.They also have a shrimp menu, even a shrimp burrito, but the price on that wasn't stated.
<review# 2652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2008,9/17/2008,228,57,19,20,20>Years ago I worked out at Foxworthy Athletic Club, now a Longs.  I spent my monthly tuition to run, step, stairmaster and lift atleast 5 days a week all so I could eat.  I love food, I'll always love food.  I've never been on a deit....see I can't even spell the word.I would spend an hour in the gym and then jog over, for my cool down, to Mexico Lindo next door and order a side or beans, rice, and fresh tortillas.  Over the course of years I have tried almost everything on the menu from breakfast to dinner.  Not the most authentic but always delicious.You get the neighborhood family sort of vibe which is comforting when you just want to show up in your work out clothes or sweats, when you want to bring your kids, or when you get in an argument with your bf at the table.  Oh who cares we're all neighbors and family....not really my neighborhood which is why I feel exceptionally comfortable.Great margaritas and salsa and always fast and friendly service.
<review# 2653,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2008,9/16/2008,1596,841,26,18,17>Yummy yummy sushi! If you have a craving for sushi and want it fast and easy, this is the place to go. The sushi boat is relatively new, they put it up as a new gimmick. I like the Totoro reference, although I'm sure it's some form of copyright infringement. The staff here are pretty friendly. The restaurant isn't very big and the waitresses don't speak English that well sometimes. Hence the following conversation:Me: Two Philly rolls with no sesame.Server: HUH?Me: Two Philedalphia rollsServer: Ah...two Philly rollsMe: ....No sesame please..Server: Okay, no sashimiMe: No no no, no SESAMEServer: No SASHIMI?Me: NO. No SESAME SEEDS.Server: No roe?Me: NO SESAME...SEESSAAAMMMEEE SEEDS.Server: No Sashimi?Me: Never mind.Yeah. This is a reoccurring conversation. It's like a reoccurring nightmare, except you don't wake up and your tummy is full afterwards. The sushi here is decent and holds up, lots of rice stuck here. The sashimi always seems fresh, and if you're bored, there are lots of TV screens placed strategically around them room, so you can stare over your date's shoulder and zone out if he's being a big bore :)
<review# 2654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2008,9/15/2008,217,97,18,9,11>Okay. I'm a Dude who wears gel nails.Shock! Surprise! Horror!Got that out of your system? good. here's the review.So a few of my client & my sister have been telling me I just have to try this place out for a few months now. My hesitation comes fro the fact that the gals who open new fashion are all of the chicks I hated from NEO Nails, they were snotty and seemed very unhappy doing their job when I knew them at the old salon.Well since my regular girl at NEO left to have her twentieth kid or whatever I haven't gotten my nails done and they were looking hurt to say the least.So I finally gave in and went in last week and I really glad I did. the shop is small and in an odd little strip mall (next to my favorite wig store). It's not the fanciest place by any means but it's clean and the work kicked ass. Tina greeted me the moment I walked in and one of the girls got right to work on me. The girl, whose name I totally forgot, was quick and efficient. she did exactly what I wanted and she did it well.I even commented to Tina on how different she seemed in her new setting, relaxed, inviting and friendly.  You can definitely see that she and her employees take pride in their work and their shop.I'm definitely a New Fashion fan.
<review# 2655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,9/14/2008,290,302,40,25,27>I like drinking in my house. Its comfortable. It's got a big TV. It's got a fireplace for the cold nights. I know the people who drink at my house but most importantly...I know where the shitter is. Everything is good in the proverbial hood.I cannot however...Stagger through to my kitchen & order some awesome Taco's from Puerto Azul.Watch Hodges murder "Gloria" on the karaoke.Listen to the barstaff take the piss out of my awesome scottish accent.And that folks, is just a few of the many reasons why I love the Goosetown Lounge. If I had to describe the clientele as a recipe... take 1/2 a cup of Urban Cougar, eight ounces of shark-fan, a quarter jug of normal people, two tablespoons of cap-wearing-elderly-gentleman-with-no-job-but-has-­not-told-his-wife-yet, mix in a smatterring of post dot com bubble geeks, two cups of just-about-old-enough-to-drink girls & 1/4 teaspoon of lonely-single-guy. Then cook (*drink*) for ~3 hours at 72DegF. To call it diverse would be an understatement, but I have to say they're all a very decent bunch of folks._________________________Have literally hours of fun by asking the bartender Steve for a pint of  "Chubby Wheel" instead of a "Fat Tire".
<review# 2656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,9/13/2008,992,1060,53,36,42>We had a little band in college that would get together and jam in an old, dirty garage. It wasn't much, but it was enough for three dumb kids still stuck on GnR and Metallica to express themselves. And when you're a little brat like I was back then, you don't really think about how, in a few years time, some of us might be getting married...yelp.com/biz/pearl-chineAnd now an additional third of our group finds himself blissfully wed...The Hotel De Anza houses a beautiful courtyard, protected by a canopy that successfully diffuses both adverse weather and sunlight, filtering a brilliant glow upon the area and the waiting room within. Like an image taken from a Bombay catalog, the soft tropical ambiance lends itself well to the occasion: it's energetically subdued. The food from La Pastaia was superb as well. I had a generous cut of perfectly cooked filet mignon over a grilled Portabello mushroom. Weddings demand meats that melt in your mouth (or maybe that's just the honeymoon).Now I will share with you - again - something few ever get to read - twice: the words that populate their wedding card (from me)...----Groom/Bride,I was going to go on about how long I've known you and how fast time has flown, but I figured everyone would be writing these things anyway, so I decided I'd say things I wouldn't normally say to your face.You are a hot couple.And also both incredibly smart, so naturally your kids will be hot and smart as well. Please put in a good word for me, because I don't want to be left behind when the Neptunian ant army invades us and your genius kid's spaceship is leaving Earth.There are only two things you can get someone for a wedding: an extravagant version of something useful or something totally useless but unique. I chose the former because I didn't really think you'd want a clown makeup shotgun.Best wishes and congratulations,Keane
<review# 2657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2011,8/19/2011,380,917,7,11,7>I've lived in San Jose for six months and I've been here a bazillion times already.  Mini Gourmet is an All-American diner.  Before visiting I drove by many times and I had many questions:1.  Is it really gourmet?2.  What is mini about it?3.  Why is it gourmet but open 24/7?4.  It looks sketchy but is it good?Well, it turns out that it's not really gourmet, nothing is miniature and it's not sketchy inside.The food here is really good.  It's typical dinerish food with an emphasis on the fried foods and the home cooking.  Breakfast is served all day.  The omelettes are made with oil and are whipped so they are very fluffy.  They're not bad, just very fluffy.  It's not my preference but it tasted fine.  The sandwiches are all good, especially the grilled sandwiches.  You can choose from sides such as a salad, potato salad, cole slaw, fries, baked potatoes, beans, cottage cheese, and probably more.  The portions are large and filling.  It's a little expensive for diner food, but it's good and you get a lot of food.There is a board of specials.  One time I ordered the special but was told they didn't have it because no one changed it from yesterday.  There is also a daily special listed on a little card at the table.  Also, Thursday is sloppy joes.  I keep meaning to go, but I forget.  The service here is nice and friendly and just like you'd expect from a diner.The bathrooms are outside and require a token to enter.  It's free but it's a pain and annoying to ask for the "token" an announce you're going to tinkle.If you're looking for a good late night place, MG is way better than Denny's or IHOP.
<review# 2658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,8/18/2011,564,356,9,19,11>Last Wednesday, sitting at home, the Fiancé and I couldn't figure out what to eat; he wanted something ethnic and I wanted something saucy... On to Yelp! We ran across a few reviews and narrowed it down to Indian food near us and decided to try Steps of India since it was fairly close by to home. When we showed up to the restaurant, it was empty except for one other couple; however the atmosphere was very romantic and cozy. After looking over the menu, we decided on the Chicken Tikka Masala,Lamb Vindaloo and Naan. I also ended up choosing a glass of wine (very reasonable prices on their wine list; nothing over $4.50!!!!) Our server was very nice and explained the differences in the dishes we weren't sure of.When our food arrived, we were completely satisfied - good portions and delicious tasting! Our food also came with complimentary basmati rice. At one point, the owner came up to us to check on how everything was going and also provided us with complimentary order of Saag Paneer (one of my favorite dishes). Overall, VERY impressed with the food, service and atmosphere. Everyone has to come out and try their menu - DELICIOUS!
<review# 2659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,8/17/2011,879,323,9,17,12>I've had this place bookmarked for a while, and finally got the opportunity to eat here when I took Jessica C. here for her birthday.  Upon walking in, I was glad that I had made a reservation! Don't try eating here without a reservation --  I can't imagine that you'd be able to get a table without one because it is so small.  It is a tiny little restaurant, cozy and quaint, but still with an upscale atmosphere to it.The fresh focaccia with sun-dried tomato paste and olive oil was a delicious snack while we waited for our food.  Our entrees were also tasty: the veal chop and the special of the day. Overall, I would recommend this spot for a cozy night on the town.  Be it a birthday, an anniversary, a date night, or just a nice dinner for no reason at all, Nick's on Main is a great experience.
<review# 2660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,8/16/2011,354,496,11,13,11>Gunther's cafeteria-like interior brought back middle school memories of peeking through the glass to see what silly unknown mystery food was being offered for the day in those metal pans, along with scattering of plates of pies and desserts covered with plastic wrap.  There were booths lined along the windows.  This place is missing those plastic trays that you use to put all your food on and carry it to your seat.Homemade is the key word here!  The extensive menu was filled with all types of breakfast dishes, soups, sandwiches, entrees like stuffed chicken breast, lamb shank, meatloaf and desserts.  You can pretty much see everything that they have to offer right there in the metal pans.  They've got something on the menu that'll please just about everyone here.  After pondering for a lil, I settled on a ruben sandwich with everything, no mayo and rye bread.  The girl behind the counter said it normally comes with just the meat and mustard, but I needed to amp up my veg intake, so everything it was!  You can also get it with thousand island dressing and pumpernickel bread.  The sammie had pastrami, corned beef, swiss cheese, lettuce, red onion, tomato, grainy dark mustard all smushed between two pieces of toasted rye bread.  The pastrami and corned beef were thinly slices of tender, melt-in-your-mouth meat with the perfect amount of marbling of fat.  Oooh, and the silky swiss cheese melded along with the slices of meat like buttah.  That monsterous thing filled me up for hours.  I wanted to take a big fat nap after that.  I also decided on the matzo ball soup, which had an option of three sizes.  The broth had a unique flavor, not complex, but simple, if that makes any sense.  Unfortunately, as much as I love salt and anything associated with salt, I felt like I was licking a chicken flavored salt brick.  The matzo balls were large, nice and chewy.  I'd recommend asking for some hot water in a cup.  You can pour some into the soup, if it's too salty to your liking.  Of course, being the Chinese woman that I am, I don't know much about matzo ball soup or what authentic matzo ball soup really is.  If they took a lighter hand to the amount of sodium, I'd give this soup instead of a tongue down, a tongue up!To top it off, I asked for one of their famed chocolate chip cookies.  The size of this thing....errrr...was small.  Take a golf ball, chop it in half, and that was the size of this thing.  Now I know why the girl responded to my one order of cookie with, "Just one cookie?"  And it had a hump too!  Images of camels trekking through Saudi Arabia floated through my head.  As small and funny looking as it was, it had the most perfect crust on the outside, and was gooey and moist on the inside.  Even though this cookie could have been easily eatable in two bites, I found myself nibbling on it in small pieces....just to savor the flavor of it.  Sigh.Mind you, this place may look like a cafeteria, but the prices are not cafeteria-like.  It's pretty steep.  My whole meal was about $15 and some change.  You do get what you pay for though.  Food with good, fresh quality ingredients that complement each other like two lifelong best friends that can read each other's minds.Hmph, I didn't see Gunther, but at least it's another excuse to try their homemade corned beef and some more of their chocolate chip cookies...next time I'm getting a dozen.
<review# 2661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,8/15/2011,1596,841,19,28,21>I was excited to eat here and i was privileged to have my two gal pals take me out for some Gochi. Apparently reservations are well coveted because they are booked solid. We were lucky to get in at 6:15pm and the very happy hostess told us that we needed to vacate the table at 7:45. After this important information was told to us, I was determined to take up every minute of my allotted time, and after dinner, spent some time relaxing and digesting. Their menu is huge and has some semblance of order to it. I didn't quite understand it and I didn't get enough time to inspect the menu so I just basically ordered random things. There was a little menu on the table with daily specials as well, and we picked a couple things off that menu too.After finding random peanuts scattered over my carpaccio at a different restaurant in LA, I made sure to let the server know that I couldn't eat any nuts, and she was good about knowing what was on the menu. I'm very glad they don't put nuts on their carpaccio. These are fusion tapas so portions are on the smaller side and are fusiony. I feel like the for the size of their plates, they are a bit pricey. Their fusion seems to be ingredients from other Asian cultures, like a clay pot was ordered that came with hefty amounts of kimchee. Overall, I liked my food and I look forward to investigating more of their carpaccio and tataki. Nomnom.
<review# 2662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,8/14/2011,198,505,8,9,5>The weather is hot and summer time is quickly approaching, so it was inevitable that I finally get that much needed pedicure after a 6 month hiatus. Trust me, my nails were pretty darn nasty... I was embarrassed to wear sandals for the past week!I booked an appointment for 11am on a Thursday, thinking there's no way this place would be busy. When I walked in, I realized how wrong I was. Thank goodness I took my appointment seriously and showed up right on time! All the chairs were filled up except one, I'm guessing that was my reserved chair. This had to be the first mani/pedi place I've been to where appointments were needed. I was greeted right away upon entering and after picking up my nail polish color, was escorted to my chair right away too. What's special about this place is that they use ozone water (there's a big poster on the back wall) which tells about the benefits of it compared to regular water(?). Unlike other Vietnamese ran establishments where they talk in Vietnamese right in front of you and basically ignore small talk with you, all the ladies here were really nice... even the ones who were NOT doing my nails (it could be because I was obviously pregnant and people in general tend to be nicer towards pregnant women, who knows...). I got the basic pedicure spa massage and it was well worth it! They used hot stones to massage my calves (which felt great) and the place did not smell like nail polish at all. There was an abundance of magazines to read as well as TVs on the wall so you're definitely not going to be bored. My entire pedicure took around 40 minutes (time definitely flew by!) and the drying took roughly 15 minutes. The grand total for my pedi was $19, if you wanted the deluxe (which I think is an added paraffin), it's an extra $3. I've been paying the same price for other pedis, but this is well worth it. Friendly service, great attention to detail, I'll definitely be back! Make sure you book an appointment though, this place was crazy packed the entire time I was there.
<review# 2663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,8/13/2011,601,744,43,21,19>2 weeks of any free classes to try out to commit before you sign up. They offer a morning class workout with Jivoni and several afternoon sessions of various Krav Maga and MMA classes as well. We're morning people but wanted to check out what the after work classes looked like. We arrived around 6:30pm, filled out the waiver, and watched in the little entry room at all the students bustin' their @sses and working hard. Being the gym is in an industrial area, the "A/C" is pretty much the shipping/receiving door rolled up. So for a hot South Bay day of 100 degrees like it was, it was sweltering in there. Add about 25 some odd sweaty students, it was miserable. I looked over to the Canadian to see what he thought, and just watching from that little sauna-like room, he was dripping sweat.  Morning class it is.Monday, day 1: Morning class with Jivoni was great. We did some boxing, kicking, burpies, squats... and I feel wonderful and energized! Bring it on Monday!Tuesday, day 2: Another great morning class with Jivoni. We did more boxing exercises and used sticks. My abs and thighs hurt from yesterday. My shoulders and rotator cuffs hurt from the unfamiliarity of punching and kicking. How many squats did we do? I dunno but I'm trying to figure out if I can learn to pee standing up.Wednesday, day 3: Circuit training this morning with Jivoni was good. Various exercises that consisted of: rowing, hanging leg lifts, squats, picking up a heavy dummy-running across the gym and throwing it on the ground, flipping a mac truck tire outside and other various make-me-wanna-puke exercises. At least it's no longer 100 degrees outside, but I can't seem to get the smell of the loaner boxing gloves smell off my hands. Ick.Thursday, day 4: Worked the punching bag during this morning's class with Jivoni. We did enough knee lift-skips to make me want to b*tch-slap all fond kid memories of ever doing so. I've never seen my shirt so sweaty in my life. Friday, day 5: The Canadian: "Do your legs feel like jelly?" Me: "EVERYTHING feels like jelly."Saturday, Day 6: 300 training this morning and my whole upper body has become sore. I can't snap my bra together. Sad.Monday, Day 7: We did enough butt exercise (fire hydrants, leg kickouts, kickbacks, etc..) to make a grown woman cry. WAAAH! One day closer to buns of steel! I'd jump for joy but that would be using my butt muscles. Pass.Tuesday, Day 8: Boxing sparring with a partner. Good thing she was patient. Mental note to self: Go get a mouthpiece. I'm starting to walk like a cowboy.Tuesday Night - Krav Maga class drop in: Israeli self-defense class. Starts with 15 minutes of strenuous warm-ups (rolling around with a body bag and beating the sheyat out of it) followed by the remainder of the class learning technique. The technique portion of the class involved defending yourself if you were held up by a gun. Good thing the gun was plastic as I believe I shot myself once in the head and several times in the chest by accident. Oops.Wednesday, Day 9: Double class yesterday has left me with the workout shakes. I can't cut fruit or lift my coffee cup without my grasp having a little bit of tremor to them. My knuckles are red and tender from last nights beating the bags during the Krav Maga class. Today's morning class was circuit. Who was the genius that installed those bicycles of death? 1 minute to stay over level 6 speed. I could barely get it over 4.5. Looking at my diminishing speed, Jivoni peers over my shoulder and screams "You're dying! You're dying! Pick it up!" Dude, I was dead half a circuit ago.Thursday, Day 10: I'm convinced whoever says that burpies are your friend is the anti-Christ.Wednesday, Day 12: The long independence day weekend was so good to us, we missed yesterday's morning class. Talk about regretting it. I felt every cocktail, chicken leg, corn dog, ribs and hamburger I ate all weekend. Those damn bicycles are gonna be the death of me.Thursday, Day 13: Warm ups working the butt muscles today were rough: fire hydrants, forward circles, backward circles, cross overs, etc.... repeat. In rapid succesion. Painfully. I just hope no one walks by my cube while I'm massaging my booty 'cuz the Sensitivity Training I'll have to end up going to will cut into my workout time. Jivoni's class will kick your @ss something proper. Not in a bad way, but in a tremendously great, not wasting your time way. He's a great teacher, offers good variety, and will keep you motivated with all his cool jams playing. The gym is great and clean. The people are nice and friendly and motivate you when you're on your last leg (literally).We'll be signing up... but until then..."BURPIES!!! GO!!!"
<review# 2664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,8/12/2011,278,1731,5,8,5>This is my 2nd time on this trail, the first time was a few weeks ago from my friend, Crystal who lives minutes away from the starting point of this trail so I have her to thank! Today after relaxing and cleaning.. after a light day of cardio at the gym, I decided to go somewhere.. somewhere outdoors, somewhere nice, somewhere I can walk for hours w/o having to spend a dime but no hiking because I don't have the proper shoes and I don't want to ruin my new pair of Nike's running shoes (haha!). I decided to come here. I drove and parked at the apartment.. I then timed myself and proceeded w/ my headphones on. I was in shorts because I wanted and needed a tan. I was wearing an off-the shoulder top because I wanted and needed a tan in that area too. I did put sunblock on my face and neck because I am already tanned there (from driving and whatnot). The beautiful scenery took my breath away; a very nice trail in my backyard practically and I just found out about it. The trail will lead you into Vasona but I stopped at the 2 hour mark and walked back. You will see joggers, runners, cyclists, families walking, families biking (and by family I mean 2 spouses and kids).. very pleasant view of them getting their calories burned and enjoying a day in the sun. The trail is well paved, good for walks, jogs, runs, and biking.. even kids as little as 5 were seen biking w/ their parent(s). Dogs are allowed too so that was a surprise for me; crap bags are easily accessible for such events and there are benches along the trail (not a lot) but if you need a breather or just want to take in the scenic view.. you so can! I walked on a few bridges and saw the creek trailing along.. How I wish I was biking instead! If you are tired of the trail or want to go shopping then you can easily do so because there are so many "exit" points throughout the trail. I could have gotten off of Hamilton to go shopping at Trader Joe's but I wasn't that stupid- carrying bags of groceries for miles under sun isn't a smart thing to do. I might even go back tomorrow to bike this time!
<review# 2665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,8/11/2011,371,117,15,19,19>Have I died and gone to HEAVEN? Ohhhh myyyyyy.... after this experience, I might have to make the 45 minute drive every week to feel this type of ecstasy again. I've been to about 10 different type of Chinese Massages, and this by far, has to be the cleanest, nicest, and has best masseuses EVER!!!For $20: -Dim lighting-Tranquil music-Waterfall-1hr Massage-English Speaking MasseuseCan it get any better??
<review# 2666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,8/10/2011,288,379,7,13,12>I am officially a fan of sweetheart now! I wanted milktea and this place was the only place open around the area besides Quickly..and I've had enough Quickly in Davis. I ordered the taiwanese  style milk tea with pearls and it was really good! What I enjoy most about the drink is how soft, chewy, and sweet the pearls are. I am not really a big fan of pearls, but this one has made me a fan again. The bf got the lemon green tea with aloe...it was really sour. I'll be back next time I head up to Davis to try their snacks...they offer a variety. I want to try their waffle/egg nugget now that Quickly had stopped offering it. They also offer crepe but I don't know if it's any good. I'll be sure to update once I try more stuff here.
<review# 2667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,11/1/2011,498,141,10,14,8>Though I've only tried 3 shabu shabu places in the south bay, this is definitely my #1!Pros:- Never a wait and open 7 days a week- Service is fast and friendly (Unlike at Shaburi...)- Tables are large and restaurant is clean- A good amount of sides and appetizers available (I've tried Unagi Don and it was pretty good for $4)- Broths galore: I've tried most of the broths but my favorite is the House Special.  It's a soy and miso blend--simple without being plain.  If you're indecisive like me, you can even do the split pot with 2 different broths.  - Kobe beef is cut slightly thicker than other places, which is good bc it doesn't break a part into shredded pieces in the potCons:None!!
<review# 2668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,10/31/2011,588,559,9,14,8>I am loving this park! There are a bunch of different trails you can take and everyone is so friendly! I've hiked here twice now and every time I go my butt and thighs feel the burn!It's a great place to hike and catch up with friends. I'm SO relaxed when I'm here and it's not a crazy park that only marathon participants can do. They have easy trails that everyone can hike. If you don't like going up hills then you can just walk on the road. If you park in the free parking lot and walk to the trails, that is a mission in itself! The fee is $6 per car to drive in and park. I definitely think if you have a full car it's not a big deal to just pay. If you wanna be cheap, go early and park in the free parking. There's only one free lot so keep that in mind.If I had more time that day, and found free parking, I would not have minded walking the road. However, there isn't an actual walk way available for pedestrians so I highly suggest you don't walk in the middle of the road =)I think it'd be a 3+ hour trip if you walked from free parking to the end of a trail and all the way back. My friends and I got there at 8:30 and left at about 10:15 when we parked by the trail. Just make sure when you go hiking allow yourself a lot of time. There's a bunch of exploring you can do so it's better not to be on a time constraint. Beware of weird brown balls of poo and smelly creek water!
<review# 2669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,10/30/2011,288,379,3,13,9>Definitely a fan of their sandwich! I can't believe that I didn't know this place existed... It's like super close to where I live and I never knew about it. I found out about this place last week but couldn't try it cause it was closed Sundays... So I headed here today for lunch. The place is pretty small... But it's packed! I came here around 12 and there was a line forming. I ordered 3 sandwich:  Grilled pork sandwich: Really flavorful.. They packed alot of meat in the sandwich too, I was hoping for a bit more veggie though. Egg + cha sandwich: This was pretty good.. Nothing really special about it. Banh mi Ba chi( the red meat): my brother got this... I didn't try it cause there was no veggie it. According to him, it was really good. What I like most about these sandwiches is that you can taste the freshness in the food and especially the sandwich. You can really taste the greatness in the bread. They do offer other food in their menu... They have a whole binder of stuff and it all looks good. I didn't give this place a 5 yet cause I want to come back and try their dessert... They have the same stuff as Bambu. I'll definitely become a regular here!
<review# 2670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,10/29/2011,304,267,5,9,6>Which way is which, or which wich do i pick, how am I suppose to know I just want a sandwich yo!!!....So this place recently opened up in the Curtner shopping center so i decided what the heck let's this high-end Togos wanna-be a try, and to my surprise it was really good!So I walk in and the menu is plastered on the wall, we are greeting at the door and they ask us if we ever been here or how the process works.  They explain to us that you pick a meat, bread, cheese, and then choose other toppings to add on.  So you pick out a paper bag and take a marker then pick the sandwich that you want and all the other items.I ordered an Italian Grinder that has Pepperoni, Salami, and Ham.  I topped it with ranch and light mayo for my dressings, with pepper jack cheese, banana peppers, olives, lettuce, tomatoes, mushrooms all on a 7" wheat bread.  The bread was really soft and the meat tasted way better than the one subway uses.  Now a 7" sandwich there is about $5.49 which might be a little steep but if you are looking for a little more high-end sandwich place then this would be yr new hot spot!!!
<review# 2671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,10/28/2011,564,356,16,16,13>Jeez... I thought I hadn't been here before but apparently at the ripe old age of 29, I'm having severe memory loss (probably from my ongoing sake bomb intake, no thanks to MLA).We walked into the restaurant with the servers zipping about and were seated right away next some strobe lights and a disco ball (yeah... that's what I was thinking too....) and my go-to alchie MLA promptly ordered our house hot sakes and large beer. After patrolling the menu, we decided on the Sato Special roll (?), Harley Davidson roll, sake nigri and seaweed salad.After downing my forced upon sake bombs, I had a red faced buzzed in seconds and luckily our seaweed salad and nigri appeared. We both agreed that their nigri was incredibly fresh and I loved their seaweed. Our rolls magically appeared within seconds after that and I jumped in right away to devour them. I was pleasantly surprised; the rolls were put together well and the fish included the rolls were fresh. I like the flavors of the rolls and was happy with our choices.I'm pretty eager to go back and try some other rolls and maybe smack down a few more sake bombs - maybe the ladies will have one with us over the country music and party lights....
<review# 2672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,10/27/2011,879,323,5,10,7>Found this place on accident for late night dining because Top Cafe was overcrowded.  Wow am I glad we did!  Their banh canh cua is delicious!  Warm broth, FRESH crab, delicious noodles.  Banh canh are small fat little noodles, and you can choose to have your dungeness crab legs whole, or peeled already for $1.00 extra.  We opted for the former, and they gave us two whole crab legs to peel, which comes out to a lot more crab than most restaurants give with their banh canh cua.  Bonus points for being open late!  Two thumbs up.
<review# 2673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,10/26/2011,278,1731,8,13,14>Who loves to read? ME! Who likes to build a book collection? ME! Who likes to buy books for cheap-er? ME! Who would prefer to buy from locals than the corporate giants? ME! OMG. This place is heaven to me. I felt like Belle (as in Beauty in the Beast) when Beast showed her his library... filled w/ books.. a ladder is needed to successfully scour the entire store and its collection of books for sale. There are trade-ins but I didn't read much into it because I want to keep my books.. but it's a nice option and I might consider it after reading a "blah" book. I saw current best sellers books and books I read over 10 years ago when I was still in middle school, in high school.. it was a very nostalgic experience for me because the books I read back then appeared before me and it reminded me of the time when all I did was read. While the kids were at the park, I read. While on vacation (in the car ride), I read. I could see myself spending hours and hours in here, never getting bored. What was cool/cute was a cat named Bob.. an orange tabby.. a fat orange tabby as a matter of fact kept strolling in and out of the aisle, not afraid of people made me think that if I could sit and read here for hours, Bob would be on my lap. The books are categorized by author.. I found Anna Quindlen's collection so i had to buy one.. at that point there is no turning back.  I even got To Kill A Mockingbird for $3.50!  Then I continued to browse every shelf and found.. CHICK LIT!  I love chick flick movies so of course I'm into chick lit!  I found a collection of Meg Cabot so yup, that's right, I grabbed a book to be purchased as well. I then proceeded to the kids' area and grabbed an activity book for my Daughter.  I already have a ton of books for her at home, easy read to chapter books but I wanted an activity book because even though it's summer.. I still want her to be active in learning and reading (of course, we read each night when I have her).  I need to pay another visit to this place after I finish the 3 novels I got for myself.  Since I am done w/ summer class, what better way to spend the day than reading?  Being immersed w/ a good book.. aahhh.. the life.
<review# 2674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2010,10/25/2011,1167,294,12,19,13>I really hesitated in reviewing this place, because I wanted to keep T(h)eresa to myself! I LOVE HER.Prior to seeing T(h)eresa here, I saw to it that I give into one of top places to go for eyelash extensions that show up on Southbay Yelp. Go big or go home. Too bad I couldn't keep it big, as it came with a HEFTY price tag $300 initial, then $70 every two weeks. YIKES. This salon charges $120 for the initial set, and if you're a first time client, you get a whopping 20% off. Then $50 for fills, no time limit (unless ALL your extensions came off, then you'll have to talk to them about that) Not bad. Theresa (or Teresa?) is so sweet. She really takes her time with you (don't make any plans until after the appointment) and really piles on the lashes. I asked her how many she had put on, and she said she didn't know. lol This is awesome, cause the salon I previously went to for extensions cost a minimum amount.Cons (which I will address with her when I come back for my second fill): I noticed the initial set kind of hurt my eyelashes afterward.The same kind of hurt you get from the fake glue-when you've been wearing your falsies for too long. Didn't experience that the next time I came back for a fill. The glue is really strong, and how these extensions work, they glue the eyelash to your existing eyelash. I think I lost quite an amount of lashes. What will she work with for my next fill? We'll find out.Pros: Price, customer service, and location. Big Pro? I got SO many compliments on my lashes and they were much more noticeable than my $300 ones. As long as my eyelashes don't go bald, I will definitely see to it that I give them my business on a regular basis.
<review# 2675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,10/24/2011,371,117,28,17,15>For $5, you cannot get a BEER. For $5, you cannot get a SHOT. For $5, you cannot get a GIRL. I say take that 5 bucks and purchase youself a Bill's Polish Dog. It will do you goooooodddd. No beer goggles, No hang overs and DEFINATELY NO regrets the next morning.  The only side affect will be the DESIRE to want more. Rain or Shine, you can always count on Bill to be in front of Temple Bar.
<review# 2676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2010,10/23/2011,214,246,8,14,11>I had to make a last minute venue change for my birthday dinner when I found out my first choice would be closing early that night.  I  had my heart set on having Persian food so I scanned Yelp and found Chelokababi Restaurant.  I called in a reservation a few days before my birthday and they were able to accommodate my small group.  When I arrived my reserved table was ready and waiting for me.  They even started seating my friends as they trickled in before me (I was running a little late that night).  I ordered my favorite meal the koobideh and joojeh combo (ground beef kabab and grilled chicken kabab). All of our meals were beautifully presented.  The servers didn't miss a beat, even with a little musical chairs action as more people joined our party.  Our plates magically appeared in front of us.  My chicken was smokey and moist.  The beef was very tender as well.  Overall I was very satisfied with the meal and my friends seemed to enjoy what they ordered, even those new to Persian cuisine .I had a great birthday among friends from near and far.  Good food and a table full of smiling faces really is the best present ever.
<review# 2677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,12/12/2008,167,346,10,12,12>Obviously I liked Byington - I walked out with 6 bottles and joined their wine club....considering this is my first wine club I have joined, and my mother in law lives in Yountville....I was either A) drunk or B) enamoured by their selection - it was bothI really enjoyed Byington - from the the gorgeous grounds and striking building to the cozy tasting room. The gal helping us out was very nice and knowledgeable. They were closing out some older bottles of cab's so I picked up two....I tried out their Alliage taste unseen and then treated myself to a fabulous Bates Ranch Cabernet. Okay, that is four bottles - what the hell else did I buy? Anyhow, the wine club gave me a great deal, I got a discount on my purchase, two extra tastings, I will get 4 bottles of red four times a year and a few other perks. Only drawback - it is another whippy road, not nearly as bad as Lome Prieta - however, they had a nice little selection of gifts and tasty sauces and whatnots from the area. I love a good whatnot on my crackers.
<review# 2678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,12/11/2008,83,205,11,14,15>Ok ok, so this is now one of those places that I frequent, usually once a week. Their banana shake rocks! I was skeptical because some of the reviews said that the shake tasted "fake" but really it tastes like a thin shake that they threw a banana in. And believe me I would know, because I am in love with banana's, it's probably my favorite fruit.I tend to get their falafel salad and spread that out over lunch and dinner since the portion is huge. The only thing that makes me a little sad is that over time the falafel's lose some of their crispiness, but what can you expect when they are sitting in the fridge for 4 hours?The last star I really added on for their service though. This place is always packed with people waiting for their falafel fix and the staff could not be more pleasant. They are always fast and efficient and truly seem to be happy to be there which always makes a big difference to me.
<review# 2679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,12/10/2008,358,1030,21,23,27>Two weeks ago I walked into Clover for the first time in several years and was surprised to see that they'd renovated the place. It has a more inviting, "cafe" environment now, which is great!Since then I've gone back several times. I'm in love with their bite-size "mini buns". They're small enough that you'd grab a few without feeling guilty. Greedy me could eat a maccha anpan, cream pan and satsumaimo (sweet potato) pan all at once. If I'm really hungry, I may shoot for a melon pan on top of that. Good thing is that they're not very sweet, especially the satsumaimo. So called the "meal-substitute" buns (like yakisoba-pan, curry-pan, unagi-pan, korokke pan, etc) are also appetizing...but not really my cup of tea unless they're fresh and warm. I don't do microwaved buns.Anyway, my all-time favorite is the STRAWBERRY sandwich, which used to be my childhood treat. Their strawberry sando, while not the best, gets a special star for making me feel at home.Actually, the whole store makes me feel like I'm in Japan. I love it!
<review# 2680,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2008,12/9/2008,292,189,12,11,12>#1 selling point: NO COVER!I've been here a handful of times...and I have yet to go upstairs. I blame it on the bar downstairs that I can never leave. Most recently because we had to leave by midnight since the birthday boy was kicked out - happy birthday to him as we carried his incoherent booty to the car :) Although I can hear the beats being played from upstairs and I'm feelin it. Downstairs bathroom line can get long since it's a unisex one and if there's some drunk chick in there yacking her brains out, be prepared to cross your legs and hold your bladder.Next time I'm making it upstairs!!!
<review# 2681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,12/8/2008,370,289,30,21,16>Al pastor, Al Pastor, Al Pastor, Al Pastor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Dollar Tacos! Dollar Tacos! Dollar Tacos!!!!Where else are will you get a forty and a dollar taco?Where else will you go to get a bud light lime and a dollar taco?Where else will you go to get power steering fluid and a dollar taco?Where else will you go to get spaghetti sauce and a dollar taco?Where else will you go to get 99 cent chips and a dollar taco?Where else will you go to get CocaCola made from sugar and a dollar taco?Where else will you go to get Patron and a dollar taco?Where else will you go to get toilet paper and a dollar taco?~~~~~~~~~ TAQUERIA LA CHACHA ~~~~~~~~~
<review# 2682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,12/7/2008,222,319,12,16,13>Hungry and craving for some BBQ, I decided to try out Jon-Jon's. Knowing that it was difficult to find parking, I went around 11AM to avoid the lunch rush and gladly found a space in front. Yes it's located next to a mobile trailer park. Yes the whole operation is a trailer in itself. But they produce some mean BBQ.They have several lunch combo items for $9 (w/ tax $9.74) I chose the #10 (1 Polish Sausage, 1 Rib & Tri-tip) which comes with a side of potato salad, baked beans, and a couple slices of bread (white or wheat) to sop up the sauce or make a BBQ sandwich with your meat.BBQ Sauce: Slathered over all of the meat items. Sweet and tangy with a subtle hint of spiciness. Polish Sausage: Good portion sized but was only decent. Not spicy and minimally flavorful.Pork Rib: Huge, meaty rib that was perfectly smoked and came apart so easily. Tender, juicy meat covered in sauce and interlaced with unctuous pork fat. The pig is a very magical animal when cooked properly. Wish I could have had a few more.Tri-tip: Several thin slices also covered in sauce. Nice smoky flavor, delicate slices of beef, and not chewy like you would expect tri-tip to be.Potato salad: Chunky potato salad. Large chunks of egg and potatoes. A hearty and delectable side dish. A must have when you're having BBQ.Baked beans: Sweet tasting side dish. Almost dessert-ish. Beans still maintained their integrity and weren't mushy. Inhaled it to the very last drop. Another must have when having BBQ.Definitely I'll be back to sample the rest of the lunch combo items. Even if I have to park far away and walk tirelessly over to Jon-Jon's.
<review# 2683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,12/5/2008,386,185,24,47,41>Time for real-talk.Writing this review is one of the hardest tasks that I've ever had to do in my life. 2 years ago, I picked up a DUI leaving a Hotel Awards Ceremony. I made an illegal U-turn while leaving the event and got popped. It was the most demoralizing, single-moment, of my life. There is no excuse for my decision-making. Driving drunk is irresponsible and the negative results are incomprehensible. Thank God, I did not hurt another human-being because of my poor judgement.With that being said, I must inform you that being convicted of a DUI is scary. Especially, when you don't have someone to help walk you through it. Normally, there are 3 aspects that need to be completed before you can get back to your normal life routine:1) Court- Plain and simply, it sucks. You have to wait a little over a month before sitting in front of a judge and receiving your punishment. Typically, the actual court-appearance, is quick and painless. Depending on the details of your DUI, you will be sentenced to X-amount of days in the weekend work program, and enforced enrollment in a Drinking and Driving class. This too, will pass.2) Weekend Work Program- Plain and simply, it sucks. You have to show up at a pre-set location and do crappy work for 8 hours. Nobody wants to be there and it is up to you to make the best of it. I suggest, sparking up conversation with folks that seem friendly. It'll help the time fly by. This too, will pass.3) Drinking and Driving Class- Plain and simply, it sucks. I chose AACI because of its location. Thankfully, I pulled Gary Lewis as my instructor and he is the man. Gary is a down-to-earth cat, that brings a personal approach to his classroom. His stories will enlighten you and his humor is relieving. A DUI is not the end of the world and AACI hasn't hindered my journey back to normalcy. They have been straight forward, respectful, and Gary has been a blessing. I will be done with all of my DUI crap, shortly, and after all is said and done, I will leave you with a quote:"This too, will pass".
<review# 2684,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2008,12/4/2008,697,211,24,24,26>I just finished getting my nails done here, will elaborate more when my nails are dry!Edit: 03/19/08Finally they revamped this ghetto area on White Road and made it somewhat classy! Ask for Van and Haha (yes that's her name), they're a funny duo and will keep you entertained with stories of Van's obscure married neighbor with feminine tendencies, and give you tip on how to make great pho. But before they broke the ice, I got the typical nail salon vibe where they speak Vietnamese and periodically stare at you to indicate that they're talking shit. That didn't last long coz as soon as we met gaze I gave them a dirty look and out came their English. Yeeaah what now!? Better WORK for your tip beezy's!!Anyway, I got my manicure and pedicure done at the same time. Haha used to work for Mary Queen nails down on McKee Rd. but her sister opened up shop and now works here at Beauty Queen Nails. She did a great job in making my toes all cute and prettified! I've never had it look this perfect before! You know how some nail technicians take a little too much  meat off that you feel the pinch? Well I got none of that, she was quite gentle actually. I got the basic manicure from Van coz I wasn't really feeling the whole french manicure, gel/acryllic or airbrush crap that I see most girls get. I like my nails looking neat, trimmed, and painted - nothing fancy. Even though this was a basic manicure, she still did a great job. Some nail techs don't really take the time to make sure that their work looks great, but Van totally did. The fact that I was the only customer during that time probably had a lot to do with their job being done perfectly because they're not being rushed, yes? Anyway, they finished and my nails were all nice and pretty again, wrapped up my conversation with them both and paid my $20 (regularly $23) for their service and left a five dollar tip for them both.I was almost going to get my eyelash extensions (for $30!!!) but I decided to wait on it til maybe next week. These supposedly last for 2 weeks. They take Visa here, but let them know before hand that you'll be putting tip on your card so they can ring it up with the service.FYI, they just opened up last week, and are currently giving 15% off all services. I'll for sure recommend this place to friends, so definitely check them out! There's also a Subway next door if your bf doesn't wanna get a manicure with you so he can munch there for 30 minutes.
<review# 2685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,12/3/2008,207,317,10,12,11>I was in Los Gatos several months ago when I stumbled upon Powell's. What a treat (literally)! My dad is a dentist, so while growing up in the '80s, I was deprived of sugared cereals and candy since they weren't good for my teeth. At Halloween, I was allowed one piece a day after hauling in lots of loot from trick-or-treating. Somehow I managed to get my hands on various treats, though, through friends at school. And as an adult, I'm now in charge of how much sugar I eat. Enter Powell's.At Powell's, I felt so nostalgic -- how could I not buy Fun Dip? And candy cigarettes? And an apple Jolly Rancher stick? After all, those sticks were a huge trading commodity in elementary school. You were SOMEBODY if you had them, and kids would do anything to get them.In addition to childhood favorites, they also have some of my adult favorites: Kit Kat bars from London, which are SO much better than those from the US and Jelly Belly Jelly Beans in my favorite hard-to-find-flavor Toasted Marshmallow.To top it off, they also have novelty treats, such as Chocolate Frogs like Harry and Ron ate in the Harry Potter books. My S.O. really appreciated this treat since he's a huge fan of the books.The only reason I'm giving Powell's 4 instead of 5 stars is because it's pricey. That chocolate frog? It was $3.50. That British Kit Kat bar? I think it cost about $1.50 or $1.75. Otherwise, it's so much fun, and I'll definitely be back.
<review# 2686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2008,12/2/2008,352,471,15,16,16>Strawberry n Cream ice cream = oh so good wet my pants good.It even had strawberry chunks in it that made it taste sooo goooooooooddd.For just under $4 you can get a medium cup full of goodness.I like the patio area as it allows patrons to sit and mingle with each other and employees.Interested in a flavor? They'll give you a sample!Never been there before? They'll give you a sample!Yummy for all times of the day including brunch.
<review# 2687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,3/2/2014,339,216,7,13,13>For those days where I feel like venturing outside of the world of Vietnamese banh mi and splurging more than ~$3 for a sandwich, I'll hit up this spot!- Open only during lunch hours Mon - Fri. - Phone orders accepted before 11:30am only. - Cash only. - Don't choose any other bread options but the sourdough. I usually get the #22 Spicy Turkey or #14 Pastrami and Turkey. But honestly, the meats are nothing to write home about especially when the star of the sandwich is their freshly baked sourdough bread! The bread is so fresh that steam is still coming off of it as they slice it open to assemble the sandwich in front of you. *drools* There's always a line, but it moves quickly. And at a little under $8/sandwich (no drinks or chips included) it may seem kinda pricey when compared to say Subway or Togo's, but it's really worth it! Now if only they'd start selling that delicious bread by itself so that I can make my own sandwiches at home, I'd be forever grateful. :)
<review# 2688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,3/1/2014,116,157,7,11,9>Got in here during a soft opening night. Everyone working was really nice. This location is so small it might be tough getting in and out when it gets busy. I hope they figure out a way for customers to check out the menu beforehand. I took a bit of time inside looking at their options. I could imagine a lot of other indecisive people like myself holding up the line. Sorry in advance if you are stuck behind me. I decided on mint chip with double chocolate cookie. The ice cream sandwich was warm to the touch which got me pretty excited on the spot. I paid with cash for 2.50 and was on my way to take pictures on my instagram to make all my friends jealous. A great addition to DTSJ. I wished them luck on their grand opening 12-9 free ice cream sandwiches that's going to be Lines down the street crazy busy.
<review# 2689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,2/28/2014,257,81,10,18,12>How can you not love a place that advertises Happy Hour Everyday 3-6pm and 10pm-Close?! After standing on the corner trying to decide whether to grab drinks at Cianos (which I've been wanting to try), sit outside next to the heaters at Opa! or walk over to Sushi Confidential, my friend and BF made an executive decision to go to sushi. I knew we had made the right decision once I saw the everyday HH sign out front (it was sunday). We immediately ordered 2 sake bombs (for $2 each!), a margarita ($4 cocktails), a stella and glass of the house chardonnay. We quickly moved onto ordering large hot sakes and sapporo's for DIY sake bombs with our water glasses #keepinitclassy. For food, we got edamame ($2) for the table, 2 orders of the tempura chicken tenders, and I split a spicy salmon roll with the BF (as much as I wanted to order the rolls tempting me with shellfish, I decided I would spare the boy from a kiss of death/allergic reaction and/or trip to the hospital). We had some friends meet us just in time for the tail end of HH. Although we ended up ordering a couple hot sakes at like 5:59pm--just in case, I mean, those bottles can get empty quicker than you think..I'd definitely recommend going here for happy hour or day drinks, the sushi isn't bad either! Reasonable prices and friendly service is a win for me! They also have a nice patio that makes for good people watching on warmer days/nights.
<review# 2690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/27/2014,201,240,9,15,13>OMG !  I found heavenly sweets in Cupertino ! Screne: As I was trolling around on Januray 1 News Years day trying to find a Pastry place that could satisfy my sweet craving.  But, allas Paris B was closed.  :(Driving home so discouraged I spotted "La Patisserie"  french right ?  This is right in the busy shopping center as Elephant Bar.  As I was spending my News Years Day by myself I ventured to this New sight.  Parking right in front.  This was a good sign and made my visit so much more inviting.  "La Patisserie"  is so cute, small shop that as you gazed in you can see all the glass filled patries, cakes,  sweets, sweets and more sweets.  I came to the right spot. I was the only one in the the store, the nice young teller greeted me with a full smile and willingness to take, she was refreshing to get so much attention.  I would say that was great customer service.  As I explained to her it was my first time here.  I wanted to gaze all the goody's in the window.  Like a child I looked over and over.  Trying to decide on that just right items that would fit my personality and cure me of my sweet sensation want.  The display was very impressive, the selection was so many is was certainly hard to make up my mind.  I choose "LE DESIR" :  White sponge, chocolate mousse, and carmel Mousse finished with a touch of cinnamon.  $4.75 eachSEE PICTURE BELOW !! It was absolutely wonderful in taste, fluffy cream that just desolved in my mouth.  It was so elegant I just looked at it for the longest time.  Taking in the designs.  All the cakes, pastries where excellent in specialty designs.  It seemed a artist was in the back creating all these wonderful astonishing items.  I will certainly be back to try more items.  It seems they are well knon for their burnt almond cake.  This will be next on my list.  Price is great so such artwork is $ is okay with me
<review# 2691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,2/26/2014,1079,185,18,26,24>I wish all dentist offices were like Judy's! She is the best!! If you ever need a specialist, she's the one! Her office is the most cleanest and comfortable place ive ever been too! Even the bathroom has candles and soap from bath and body works. The decoration makes you feel right at home, than just another dental office. Her assistants are amazing and funny! They make sure you're okay and if you need anything they are there to help you.( so dont be afraid to speak up)After your visit there, you will receive a phone call about how you're doing after any procedures which I thought was fantastic! A office that actually cares about your well being and not just about your money!! im SOLD!In my situation, Judy was suppose to redo a root canal on a tooth that went bad and also had an infection to go along with it. She was able to save the tooth or even fix the root canal due to a fractured root. She told me that its best to just extract the tooth instead and to get rid of the infection ASAP. Because she's a specialist in other areas, she doesnt handle extractions, so I had to go back to my regular dentist and have that done. Days go by, and I've had the extraction taken care of before the infection in my root can spread more. Dr Judy Chen, calls me from her cell phone asking me how I'm doing and if the infection has gone away. That to me right there really shows how much she cares about her patients, yet I was no longer in her hands and I was in my regular dentists' hands..she still took the initiative to check up on me.P.S. They sent me a thank you card with the offices signatures =)
<review# 2692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,2/25/2014,50,189,13,24,16>I've been in search of ISO:Beers' opening for seemingly forever and it finally happened January 30 with a super soft opening and soft opening to the public on January 31.To be honest, I feel like I'm cheating on a significant other (Original Gravity) when I'm here. But you know what? So long as places keep a great rotation of craft beer, I'm maintaining an open relationship.ISO owner Dee, of Bobby's Liquors fame, along with his wife Jen, built this place with love and passion, and that is what makes this beer bar extra attractive.About 20 beers and two wines are currently available on tap, though there are more to come in the near future to fully stock the total of 40 taps. There's a variety of beers ranging anywhere from imperial stout, pale ale, IPA, gueuze, and even a mead to keep your palate satiated. But wait, there's more... Also to come are bottled beers filling half a dozen or so refrigerators (picture Beer Revolution). But wait, there's still more... Biergarten to come in a few short months, just in time for spring and summer. One more thing for you sports fiends, two TVs will soon adorn the walls for your viewing pleasure. Just bear in mind that ISO will look and feel like an prolonged soft opening since their transformation will continue to take place for a little whole longer. Welcome to the neighborhood, ISO. You're definitely long-term relationship material. XOXO
<review# 2693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,2/24/2014,568,364,14,20,15>Whenever you drive pass this place on Tully the aroma of the bbq just pulls you in. Vietnamese broken rice, so delicious, so irresistible! I've always been in love with Com Tam Dat Thanh and they know how to do com tam right! The thit nuong is always so tasty! Nem nuong could do a little better, but it's still good! The best nem nuong does come from SoCal IMO, so I'm not going to complain too much. And who could forget...BI I LOVE THAT STUFF. It's like crack to me. I also really love that they just have a bottle of fish sauce out for you and you can tailor it to your own liking. This is exactly how I'm feeling right now...just thinking about my last visit here...1.bp.blogspot.com/_pBAn9YUMMMMMMMMM!The only gripe I have about coming here is that parking can be a pain in the a** since it's in such a small plaza!
<review# 2694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,2/23/2014,469,258,14,21,18>How is it that I didn't know this place existed when I'm always in this area?! Props to The Slums for introducing us! Bf told me to choose a place for dessert & I was in the mood for some crepes with Nutella so I looked it up. Surprisingly the Sweet Spot was just around the corner! Located on the same side as Subway in the shopping center with Safeway/OSH.There were way more ice cream flavors than I had imagined.. Jackfruit, Ube, Tin Roof Sundae. We chose the lychee ice cream to go on top of the crepe (+$1.50). Our crepe consisted of strawberries, mangos, bananas, Nutella & a bit of whipped cream. Mmm, it came out beautifully presented & tasted really good too! I think the girl who helped us was Aimee? Looking at some of the other pictures I was kind of afraid of what ours would look like but this girl is good at what she does! Our crepe was pretty much perfect. Bf also ordered a red bean milk tea but I wasn't too fond of it. I think I'll just stick to the crepes here (: If you're in this neighborhood & you're craving crepes, this is the place to go!
<review# 2695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,2/22/2014,711,1302,7,13,9>Edit 4/3/14:This location is temporarily closed and hasn't been open for several weeks.******************************Yelp did not steer me wrong on this one after searching for close consignment shops a friend and I dropped into Lost and Found on a mission.Lost and Found had a fantastic array of different styles and a little something for everyone, work clothes, hipster gear, chic geek tees. I will say however that they tended to stay in the S-M range with only a bit of large thrown in, thus if you don't come for the clothes you should definitely come for the shoes. They had several really neat and edgy styles and a few (like the vinyl fourth of July boots) were fairly tempting.Their prices were incredibly reasonable, the service was friendly and not overly watchful, hard to do in a store this size and I left with a cute shirt for the boy and an awesome wool sweater for work.I will definitely drop by again and do so happily! :D
<review# 2696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,2/21/2014,186,96,17,36,27>The friendliest staff I have ever met!When my brother first got his husky, Bane, he visited Pinnacle often. Bane got a puppy package that covered all of the necessary vaccinations (you can read more about it in Edison T.'s review). Bane's a little rascal so he got in allll types of trouble so my brother frequented the vet often in his first couple months.I brought in a fecal sample for Bane (so gross, but it had to be done) and I received EXCELLENT service from the front desk. There was a mix-up with the payment - I paid for the sample without realizing that Bane still had a sample left from the puppy package. I asked for a refund and they quickly processed it.A couple days later, I checked my bank account and the charge was still there. I called Pinnacle to get it sorted out and they were SO nice about it. They apologized several times for the mishap and genuinely wanted to get me my refund as soon as possible.My brother has gone several times and he's always had a positive experience. We used to take my other dog, Puffy, to VCA Lawrence Pet Hospital. A month ago, we took Puffy to VCA since she's pretty old, and she suddenly had really low energy and refused her food. The staff at VCA checked her, asked to do blood samples, and wanted to perform some other procedures. It would've been extremely costly, so my dad decided to take her to Pinnacle. The vet at Pinnacle told us to wait a couple days before doing any procedures and see if Puffy would heal on her own - and she did!The staff at Pinnacle genuinely cares about their customers and their pets. A lot of other vets care about raking in the money - Pinnacle tries to do whatever they can to reduce the costs and take care of their pet patients. Highly recommend this animal hospital.
<review# 2697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,1/4/2012,602,403,12,11,10>You have no idea how excited I am about discovering this gem.  Thank you fellow Yelpers! A friend of mine and I came in here this past Saturday around 11am and were lucky enough to be seated immediately.  I can see how you might have to wait though - seeing as how small the place is.  Would I wait though? You betcha. I chose the corned beef hash with 2 over easy eggs and sourdough toast.  She- the Belgian waffle with a side of bacon.  We added 2 more over-easy eggs, a side of whole wheat toast and then the eggs benedict.  Coffee, orange juice and water.  Stop looking at me like that.  We were hungover, hungry and had eyes bigger than our stomachs!Every single bit of each dish was fan-freakin-tastic.  On top of that - their corned beef hash was THE best I've EVER eaten. There's something to be said for REAL corned beef. mmmmmmmmm *drool* Also, each dish is decently priced at under $10. I plan on being a regular here.
<review# 2698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,1/3/2012,244,162,7,9,10>Xmas in the park really is a San Jose tradition. It gets packed and for the most part, it's the same kind of displays as the years before but it's fun to walk through to get in the holiday spirit :) There's a semi big Christmas tree and a bunch of smaller ones along the way. The fake snow drops down from the lamp posts every so often which kids enjoy. I didn't really look at the displays cause my nephew dragged me towards the big Ferris wheel right away. There's actually a decent amount of fun attractions and rides here for kids that will keep them occupied for a good hour. I remember tickets for the ride being pretty pricey though. There's food stands and hot chocolate also! I would just park at the parking garage at the hotel around the corner, very short walk and you don't have to bother with finding street parking.
<review# 2699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,1/2/2012,490,412,15,16,15>To commemorate my homeboy Walter's ROTD for Valerio Berryessa, I have to follow up and review Valerio's at Seasons.This brings me back to my time in Manila where you can walk in and get pandesal right out of the oven.  The place always permeates with that just baked scent, it must be part marketing to keep it smelling like that.Ube bread, pimento bread, bibingka, and other assorted Filipino baked goodies are all here.  I just wish they didn't run out of halo halo, especially on those super hot days.
<review# 2700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,1/1/2012,878,405,15,20,18>Hulk Hogan, Rick Flair, and Andre the Giant are legends because of their perseverance and long-tenured championships in the sports entertainment world.  Here at LPC, they have many champion-worthy pizzas like the almighty meaty Babe and the oh-so-good All-Pro.  A little soggy at times, but all around tasteful.    The undisputed, long-time champ here is the Grilled Chicken Bruschetta.  You know it's a good pizza when you close your eyes while eating it.  I'm not a chicken-on-pizza kind of guy....but the creamy garlic sauce, loads of FRESH BASIL, and crispy thin crust gets my vote for the 'pizza' Hall of Fame.  Undeniably one of my favorite pies in the South Bay.  To me, this is legend!...Just like them great all-time wrestlers!Friendly staff, cleanliness, and multiple flatscreens are definite pluses.  Closing at 9 pm everyday is a bummer though.
<review# 2701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,12/31/2011,198,447,8,12,17>Yes, I had the pleasure of chaperoning another kindergarten class field trip but this time it was my son's class. It was my first time experiencing the park. The park itself is really kid friendly. There's a nice big play structure, lots of kid friendly rides, picnic areas you can rent for birthday parties and friendly staff.We didn't get the chance to experience the zoo but I'd definitely come back again to experience it and the rides the kids didn't get to go on. The Japanese friendship garden is also there.
<review# 2702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,12/30/2011,223,166,8,13,11>Los Gatos Cafe is my new favorite breakfast place in the South Bay! I haven't been here in ages and I remembered it being just okay back in the days. One Sunday morning, I decided to go here rather than the usual Bill's. The wait was about 30 minutes.They have complimentary coffee outside, but they were out for some time. I think we reminded the help twice. I'm not sure if they ever refilled it. I just helped myself to the coffee that was at the serving station even though there was a sign that says not to help yourself. There was one disturbing thing i saw at the coffee serving station outside. I saw a waitress pour the coffee from the orange pot into the black pot. Ummm... isn't the orange pot supposed to be decaf? The chicken apple sausage California benedict was yummy. I liked how the English muffin was buttered and toasted. It was still crunchy even to the last bite! The herb potatoes were delicious with a crispy outer edge. If you like raspberries, you'll love the Copenhagen pancakes. They were light and fluffy and not too sweet. The service was a tad slow, but I'll definitely be back to try the other benedicts and French toast.
<review# 2703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2011,12/29/2011,108,93,14,17,14>In the heart of downtown San Jose, this restaurant and bar deliver tasty, if predictable, food that is presented well. This is a great place to bring people when you want to relax, and you don't want to be surprised. The service is very good, the food is delicious, and you will be able to focus on your friends, business partners, romance, or other dining companions. Since it's located in Silicon Valley, you can dress down as much as you would like. Or not. Evening gowns would look just as much in place, especially in the main dining room area which is in the back. We came in the early evening and ordered wine and dinner at a table in the bar area so we could watch passers by outside and enjoy the early evening light coming in through the windows. The back area looks more formal, so visitors who are not hard core valley types may want to leave the cutoffs and put on long pants, at least.The menu is on-line so I won't go through it here, though I will say it's a good idea to ask about portion size if you are a lighter eater. By the end of dinner, my friend and I were ready to share the dessert, which was out-sized but delicious. Finally, if you are looking for dining adventure, you might want to consider another choice. The Grill on the Alley offers a good, high end, comfort food experience.
<review# 2704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,12/28/2011,1117,183,7,13,8>I would never have known this before coming here, but yoga is fun. Well more specifically, yoga with Kate is fun.  With her gentle motherly touch and her whimsical demeanor, she is the perfect balance to this beautiful art. It doesn't matter if you are a beginner or are more advanced, Kate has the ability to connect to each person in the class so that all members feel challenged, in a nurturing and comforting way.  If you are looking for a new activity that is rewarding in both mind and body, come see Kate, it may change your life.
<review# 2705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,12/27/2011,942,253,14,18,15>I have liked Japanese curry ever since we lived in Japan when I was in elementary school.  As an adult, I've cooked Japanese curry for my family many times.  This Japanese curry chain came to my attention a while back.  I would actually rate this spot more a 3-1/2 stars but as you know, Yelp does not allow such.There is a wide variety to choose from for lunch or dinner (appetizers on the dinner menu only).  The menu has some color photos scattered about.  There are food descriptions to help those who are new to Japanese curry.I like the deluxe fried shrimp curry that comes with a small mixed green salad with dressing, curry fried rice that is topped with a super thin egg omelet and a curry "lake" next to the rice.  The fried shrimp is laid across the egg omelet.  It is a large portion so I box half of this to take home before I start eating. Today I tried the Menchi Katsu curry which is a hamburger patty (oval shape) that is made katsu style (panko crusted and fried).  The deluxe version comes with the same as the deluxe fried shrimp curry (see previous paragraph).  I shared this with my daughter and her husband and we all liked the flavor profile.My daughter had the Katsu curry with the curry sauce on the side.  It comes with steamed white rice and a small green salad as well.  Her husband tried one of the beef specials for this month, a short rib curry which had a nice crust to it and laid across steamed white rice and lots of curry sauce.  The short rib dish was delicious.There are many types of beverages to choose from but I always order the iced green tea., not too sweet and a delicious green tea flavor.This place does get busy (lunch or dinner and especially the weekends) so plan accordingly.  The prices are slightly higher on the dinner menu.If you don't know how to cook Japanese curry, give this spot a try.
<review# 2706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,12/26/2011,853,359,10,10,12>Now that's a good sandwich!I am a big fan of mom and pop deli's and this place is a perfect example of one that does it right! Today I tried the hot steak sandwich which is a Friday special. Rebecca Black was playing in my head as I walked in because I was so happy I could try this steak sando! They chop up a delicious piece of steak and place it in some excellent bread and drizzle sauce on top. I chose the marinara and I am quite happy with that decision! The meat was perfectly tender and the sandwich was pure happiness. I've also gotten the mild coppa sandwich. I love coppa! Probably my favorite sandwich meat. Paradiso uses it to make a phenomenal sandwich. If you've never tried coppa I suggest you head over to paradiso and just go to town! They also boast a large menu of hot foods. Never tried them but they all look great.The people who work there are all incredibly nice and the place has a great family feel. You actually feel quite at home within the dining room. I just love this place and I think you will too!
<review# 2707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,9/19/2011,116,235,6,14,6>I am writing this update for a TAKE OUT order.Seriously, to go orders are the BEST THINGS EVER at Boiling Crab. You call in about 15 minutes before you plan to pick up your food, pull up at the restaurant, see a storm of people, get your food, pay, and out the door! It feels great to walk past all these people waiting for an hour or so. Ask for the wax/parchment paper if they forgot to give it to you so your virtually have NOTHING to clean up (except your hands) when you're done eating at home. All you have to do is make rice at home and mmm dinner is ready!!
<review# 2708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,9/18/2011,888,392,7,10,9>I am a huge fan of this place!!!! Planet Granite, is awesome! not only do they have one of the best customer service i have ever experienced, but they have so much activities to choose from! My friends and I decided, what the heck lets go rock climbing one day. I wasn't too quite sure if it would be fun, but whoa did my aspect of this rock climbing changed when I first tried it out. It LOOKS easy, but its very challenging. As a beginner i suggest you getting lessons or tip from fellow rock climbers, it really does help. If you get tired of rock climbing they do have a in door gym as well? WOW kill two birds with one stone kinda deal here. They have it all from tread mills to weights, and equipment that will help you become a better climber. But thats not all, what probably blew my mind was the bathroom..LOL! it is VERY VERY VERY clean in there and it looks cool too. haha. Only thing that bummed me out was this place closing at 11pm. But i will definitely be coming back here again!
<review# 2709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,9/17/2011,697,211,13,22,16>If I lived in SF, I'd have tons more vegan restaurants to choose from, but unfortunately for me, I'm stuck here in sleepy San Jose & the slightest bit of the uncommon might scare off some folk who aren't used to the hullabaloo of a different culture. Good Karma Vegan House looks out of place, & would be perfectly at home in the gritty Berkeley Telegraph district or the mean yet green pretentiousness of SF's Haight Street. The food really is delectable despite sitting in one spot being refrigerated all day, then getting microwaved when someone orders - but you'd be surprised at how many people and restaurants microwave their food anyway.  I'm truly blessed with having this gem in the middle of downtown San Jose, & perfectly surrounded by the 'hot spots' that this city has to offer. There is no excuse why you can't get here; there are bike racks, street & garage parking & on top of that buses and Lightrail pass by here all the time.This place would most definitely get a thumbs up from my mama, who's curry tastes just like the thai curry they cook here at Good Karma. This might be the thing that appeals to me most since it surely tastes & looks like home-cooking.. sans meat!As mentioned above, I suggest trying:- Thai curry- 'chicken' drumsticks (I never realized how delicious soy protein 'chicken' drum sticks could be, complete with a 'bone', until i discovered it here.. I've been craving it since!)- tofu scramble (very tasty!)- mash potatoesI'll be coming back for their 'pork' bun, burrito, & hemp ale soon.Each meal comes with brown rice & a little bit of sauce drizzled over it. You'll be charged by how many items you want to have on your plate ($7-$9), cold water is free, & best of all they do provide vegan friendly wine and beer!P.S. Kombucha can be found here as well.
<review# 2710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/16/2011,783,653,10,13,14>BURNT ALMOND CAKE, You are YUMMMMM!!!!I'm really not a cake person.. And my mom has been buying the burnt almond cake for years; and I would always pass...So, I've never tried it...until last weekend when, my Nadia L. and I got it for our friend.I know...Too lame of me... Oh get this. I used to live 3 blocks away from it too. Crazy.It looked sweet from the outside... But see.. Looks can be deceiving when it comes to this cake... In a very very Good, Awesome way....Our birthday boy loved it... and of course...we Loved it too...You can never go wrong with the Burnt Almond Cake.Tip: come early or make sure you place an order. That day we went, at around 4ish pm on a Saturday... we got the last one.
<review# 2711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,9/15/2011,154,237,6,6,6>I was craving Mexican food while I was in the area and not being familiar with it, I turned to Yelp to search for a good place and Casa Teresa it was! They're located in a shopping center w/a major grocery store on the corner of Santa Teresa Blvd. and Snell Ave.  I went in at lunchtime and they were quite busy. Some things happened faster than others, but that was because there was only one man waiting all the tables, so I understand. He was very nice and trying hard to get everyone served, refill drinks, give checks, etc. The restaurant was clean and no frills, just a simple place with minimal decor. That's fine w/me, all I want in this case is good food! I went w/a baby and they had high chairs & booster seats which was helpful. They were clean and in good condition, which isn't always the case at some places. The waiter was very accommodating to us and brought a styrofoam cup of water w/a lid on it for the little one, so major plus for being family friendly!  Complimentary chips & salsa are offered and they were really good! Some of the best I've had at a Mexican restaurant lately, very fresh! I had the 2 enchilada combo plate w/both chicken & cheese served w/rice and beans. The chicken was shredded and really flavorful, the sauce was red, mild and had a nice flavor to it. Both the rice & beans were well made and tasted good. I gave the little one some of all the items on the plate and he liked all of it as well! Since kids can be picky eaters, that is saying something! Another patron there told me she'd been coming there for over 9 years! Prices were reasonable and on par w/other area establishments. I will definitely come back to CT when I'm in the area and am craving Mexican food!
<review# 2712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,9/14/2011,1019,787,7,8,7>Taiwanese noodles & soup!!! Yum yum yum. Ordered the salty duck noodle soup (okay that's totally not the name but I forget). It had just the right amount of salty to it and the duck was pretty standard. The noodles were good too. But the soup was great, especially since it was really cold outside. It just gives you this feeling of saying "Ahhhhh" after you drink the soup. Service is nice too. Since all the waiters greet you in Chinese, it def makes you feel like you're back in Asia (although I guess Cupertino in general feels that way).
<review# 2713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,9/13/2011,777,314,14,9,8>When you're hungry and don't have a lot of time you have two choices:  lunch truck or nearby cheap cafe.  Today I chose the latter.  I came across this little hole in the wall one day OMW to Togo's.  I decided to check it out.  Low and behold it was a little itty bitty Mom & Pops cafe where they serve sandwiches and some simple VN soups.  The VN sandwiches are not bad for $2.75, I had better but I certainly had worse.  The $4.50 Specialty sandwiches are price point better than Togo's and almost 1/2 price than Specialties down the street.  It ain't nothing fancy or anything, nor should you expect it to be for under $5.I like coming here because it's cheap, quick, and like supporting family-run businesses.  When you come here, you'll get rung up by the little 12-year old daughter and food will be brought out by her 10 year old brother.  The parents are in the back calling the school and making excuses of why they didn't show up for class today......and everyday.
<review# 2714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,9/12/2011,331,144,11,10,11>i really like how they concoct their che. it's not too rich, creamy or heavy. just right. i haven't experienced anything negative at bambu, so it's a for sure 5 stars. only downside is they only accept cash, but the che totally makes up for it. currently, my go-to item on the menu is #10, which consist mainly of pandan jelly, grass jelly and red tapioca. if you're getting it to-go, you can always ask to separate the ice, and they'll just hand you a decent size bag of shaved/crushed ice. my parents are hooked on this stuff. it's crazy. i get che almost once a week because of their addiction. however...i consider this a benefit, which i am not complaining about at all.
<review# 2715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2011,9/11/2011,152,40,39,48,42>The ladies of Blossom Nail should be yelping me.... I was their WORSE, 1 STAR EXPERIENCE EVERR..... which in turn means they will forever be my 5 STAR LOVE.....Let me telllll you about the terror I raised and the superb level of customer service delivered. My sisters dragged me in here on the day before my bar exam. That's right folks: bar exam. This means that by the time I stepped foot inside the salon, I had been in solitary confinement and abject isolation for approximately 2 and a half months- waking up every day at 6am to study 14 + hours and wishing I could burn my books. Whewww....I'm not bitter at all.....Anyhow, I came to Blossom in a foul mood. My heels were cracked, toes were crusty (eww sorry). I didn't even bother to brush my hair. And I was angry at my sisters for forcing me to be there!!! I needed to study!! Whewww....I'm not damaged at all. Nothing was going to please me that day. I was tired, hungry, hating life, and needed to be studying. My sisters said I needed to relax. I had such a bad attitude, I didn't want to pick a color. I didn't want to put my feet up. I was ready to bite someone. The blessed soul that got me as a client was kind, courteous, patient, and informed me at every point what she was doing and ascertained my comfort. The massage chairs were luxurious and the front desk manager made sure I always had tea or water. It was about midway through my pedicure, that I finally loosened up and noticed the serene environment. Everything is super clean, light, and fresh. Most importantly for me that day, it was quiet. Peacefully quiet with some light chatter only coming from other patrons. Finally, I was getting my senses back. I sank deeper into the massage chair, so much so that the nail technician had to readjust her posture to continue working on my feet. She actually thought that was funny and told me to relax.  I got the Deluxe Pedicure Special and it was absolutely worth the $50!! I've easily paid $60 - $80 for pedicures that were half as good in the past. The 25 minute hot stone massage brought me back to human civilization and I will never go to another nail salon. I don't know what other folks are talking about when they criticize the customer service here. I was in a hyper foul mood and any social faux pas, no matter how minor, would have incurred my wrath. I was such a B***... so in the worse of conditions they delivered the best kind of service translating into permanent 5 star status in my heart.P.S.On the third day of my exam I was ready to give up. I couldn't go on. I dropped my pen and held out my hands to admire my nails. For a a few seconds I went back to my happy place at the nice salon and then went back to work. And yes, I did pass my exam.
<review# 2716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,9/10/2011,1071,862,7,12,15>Buy local, stay fresh! The Usuals is a hip little boutique that carries stylish, yet reasonably priced clothing and accessories for men and women. They even had a small display of children's items! Everything is created by local artisans. Service is above and beyond friendly and helpful. The lady who helped me told me about some awesome new boutiques in the Japan Town area, which I thought was fabulous. The fact that The Usuals supports local businesses earns them an A+ in my book! They carry a plethora of cool tees. I especially dug the old school Hart's tee, and San Jose neighborhood tees. Looking for an ESSJ shirt? Look no further! They've got 'em! I found the most adorable dress, which happened to be 40% off. It was a steal at $26! Parking can be a bit tricky on the Alameda, so I suggest walking if you live in the area. The Usuals is definitely worth checking out!
<review# 2717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,6/28/2012,282,253,5,6,5>Stayed in a flat at Pleasure Point, and Coffeetopia was a few blocks from there. Great espresso, nice bites to eat. One day I had the ham and cheese croissant, the next ~ some berry bar that was yummy!Cool that this used to be a bank, and part of the seating area was inside the vault. I wish there was more info on what bank this used to be, of perhaps make up stories about random bank robberies and shootouts. If I was perhaps, um ... stoned -- I might have liked the artwork. I just hope it's temporary and that they change it out.
<review# 2718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,6/27/2012,114,225,4,8,5>Back a Yard is practically in my back yard!  So glad they opened a restaurant in SJ.  Now, I no longer have to trek all the way to Menlo Park.  This location is still street parking, but if you go for dinner after 6pm, it's free!  Plus, it seats twice the amount of people.Came here for dinner with the bf when we found out it opened in SJ.  We each ordered the same stuff we ordered at the other location - jerk chicken meal with a side of corn festivals.  The food tasted really good, just as good as the other location.  Jerk chicken once again had the spicy taste with the vinegary sauce.  I think next time I'll opt for the white meat option for the extra dollar.  The mango passionfruit juice was yummy too.  I want to try their ginger beer next time.  Corn festivals - crispy on the outside and sweet and soft on the inside.  I only wish their plantains that come with the meal were a bit sweeter, but that's just me.I'll be back just because it's so close now.  Yum, yum!
<review# 2719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,6/26/2012,288,379,6,14,14>Wow... Another dessert place has opened up. And just like what everyone had said before, the original owner of Bambu and New Bambu is now behind the kitchen of this new business. So the quality is still good just like how it was before at New Bambu. The place is still pretty new so you will be able to see that everything is still trying to come together. Just like New Bambu, they will soon be offering sandwiches and snacks. But the difference between Sweet Cups and Bambu is that they offer ice cream and hot dessert. I think offering hot dessert is a great idea since it's winter time so having a cup will keep you warm and satisfied your sweet craving. Hopefully this place will be just as good as all the other Bambu.. It has plenty of space so once they're done with remodeling the place it will be a better hang out spot. I hope they can really build a bathroom cause it's so hard to hang out at a place without a bathroom when you're drinking tea or having dessert. I will probably wait a bit longer to return here.. Maybe when they're are truly finish with getting everything setup to check out the place. But I do think right now is a good time to come and try out the drinks they have to offer since it's buy 2 get 1 free!
<review# 2720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,6/25/2012,564,356,9,16,13>For a restaurant that involves 4 different types of international cuisines, you would assume the food to be less than desirable but both J and I were overly impressed.Somehow we managed to get the same day off work and luckily, it was Valentine's Day (Hooray, Hooray!) we decided to check out this spot for lunch since I have been craving Thai food and french fries, and they provide both options.Looking over the menu, they have a variety of Japanese, American, Italian and Thai. I almost went for sushi but knowing that we were dining on sushi for our VDay dinner, I went with the classic Pad Thai. Jason ordered the P.K. which was essentially a rice plate with green beans, carrots, peppers and chicken in a spicy sauce. We ordered the French Fries as an appetizer (I was craving them!) and were hot, tasty and delicious and a big batch for only $2.My Pork Pad Thai was unbelievably delicious; I just wish the portion size was a little bigger so I could be less greedy about sharing it with J. His dish was way too spicy for me to take more than a few bites of but he liked it although there was a few pieces of chicken that were overly dry.Overall, it was a great bang for your buck. It was $20 dollars out the door for an appetizer, 2 entrees and hot tea. J was interested to see how their other dishes like the Burger and I'm curious about the sushi, so I'm sure to be back here again soon.
<review# 2721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,6/24/2012,77,292,5,6,5>This place is LEGIT.  I was craving for the smooth, tomato-y richness of butter chicken, and it totally hit the spot here!  LOVE.  Not only that, but I was delighted to see that pani puri was also in the appetizer section, so I ordered that, too, to introduce this new culinary experience to the mister.  (Pani puri is fun to eat and now reminds me of Christmastime!)  For himself, and on the recommendation of the cashier, Mister ordered the lamb curry and was very pleased.  But the surprising highlight of our meal was the garlic naan.  I've never had naan this good before!  Maybe the freshness of the naan had something to do with it--I can't say--but N&M, you guys just keep doing what you're doing with that naan magic.  The textures and flavors were addictive; you've got the crispy outside layer of the naan contrast against the soft, chewy inside layer, and the garlic and herbs seemed to be definitely worked into the naan and not just added like an afterthought.  LOVE.  The service was kind of a surprise, too, considering that it's a "self-serve" establishment.  The cashier was super nice!Location is kind of odd as it's hidden behind the main Park Victoria plaza.  Worth checking out, though!  I'd come back for lunch or dinner any day! :)  We had gone here for dinner... maybe the hidden location makes it a good lunch option if there's plenty of parking.Also, free hot chai tea.  WHAT.  YES PLEASE.  If you like butter chicken, I also recommend the chicken tiki masala (or the paneer tiki masala) as it's got a similar creamy sauce.
<review# 2722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,6/23/2012,284,247,11,11,8>I WISH I COULD GIVE 10 STARS: It's about time I've updated my review.  After months of self research, test driving and all that... I decided I wanted the limited released 2012 Hyundai Veloster. Since my last review, I've actually bought Ruby.  Who is Ruby, you wonder..? Well she is my 2012 Hyundai Veloster, she's fully loaded with sun roof, 18'' wheels, kick a$$ gas mileage and most importantly...bright red leather interior.                                                             MY STORY:I purchased her for practical purposes, my old car was dying fast (it actually barely even started the night bought my new car) and also personal reasons.  I needed steady transportation to drive 3 hours weekly to see my grandmother whose health was depreciating fast, courtesy of cancer.  I made my reasons for my purchase clear to the guys (Steven in particular) and they worked with me to make my not so little dream come true.  My wish was to not only make my first big purchase on a time schedule (before my grandmother passed), but I was also I was a tad picky.  I wanted white, fully loaded, automatic, with red leather interior.  Black interior wouldn't due, and it had to have the Style and Technology package. This was my baby, and she had to be perfect.  Most importantly I wanted to share my grown up life/first big purchase, with my grandmother (also my best friend).                                                    WHY BUY FROM HERE:Thanks to the guys here, I was able to get Ruby.  After months of literally calling across the West Coast of CA for my perfect car (limited released new edition), making arrangements with Hyundai dealers in Arizona, which fell through last minute, and pulling out my hair. I awoke December 20th, with a text message from Steven Yee with a picture of fully loaded Veloster with everything I wanted EXCEPT the white exterior.  I decided to check it out, and after hours on the phone with my grandmother and sitting in the car which still had it's white wrapping paper (straight from the port) around it, I decided to have a "head to head" with Steven.   Being in sales myself I made it clear I wouldn't be "sold", I knew what I wanted and had held out for 3 months for the perfect ride, and just wouldn't settle.  Finally when asked what was stopping me I mentioned my fear about being keyed.  Key marks show up more on black than white!  "I'm hot", I told the guys; "...I'm afraid some jealous chick will key me at the mall, one day.  If I get keyed, will you take care of it?"   To my surprise, the store manager, said; 'sure', jestured with his hands to show the amount of scratch room he'd take care of, and the deal was made.  "Sooo, you'll cover 2-3' of scratch if this car gets keyed...ok then, it's a deal."Days later I drove my first big purchase home to show it off to my mom and grandmother.  My grandma was too sick to ride with me, but the joy on her face when she peeked out the window to see it meant the world to me.  I was her baby, and she was proud of my accomplishments.  With the help of the guys at Capitol Hyundai, I was able to buy a brand new car, something that is rare in my family.  Not only that, but I was able to buy it alone, without a co-signer, with affordable payments, and NO BUYERS REMORSE.                  THANK YOU HYUNDAI OF CAPITOL EXPRESSWAY:Me, My Mother, and My Grandmother are very grateful to STEVEN YEE, and the entire Capitol Hyundai staff.  I cannot even began to sum everything they've done in this yelp review.  Overall there are pros and cons with every experience, but all and all I couldn't be any more happy. I even got a bow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Ps: Colin kicks @$$ too!  Snag him or Steven if you get the chance!
<review# 2723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,6/22/2012,536,185,8,9,7>I swear this place is consistently good EVERY TIME! LOVED the Dragon Roll and the Caterpillar Roll this time :] Got the secret shrimp again and of course... I dipped all my rolls in that yummy ponzu sauce again! The waiter came by and took the leftover sauce away when I wasn't looking... I had picked up my sushi roll to dip it in the sauce and when it realized it wasn't there, the roll went SPLAT onto the table. It was hysterical! Silly guy... you can't remove the sauce from the table!!
<review# 2724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,6/21/2012,853,359,9,15,11>My favorite restaurant...period!So I've been here countless times and have never had a less than wonderful experience. I'm going to start off by saying that the people who work at Four Seasons Pho are some of the nicest people I know. The owner is so sweet! She is the best. Going to the restaurant is a treat just to be able to talk to her.Now lets get to the food. OH YEAH! The pho is phoNOMenal! To the few haters who didn't like it...idk what your problem is. Give it another shot and I'm sure you will reevaluate your opinion. I have never had bad pho here. The meat is delicious, the noodles spectacular, and they come in some of the best pho broth I've ever had. The grilled beef over rice is bomb! The beef is perfectly cooked and marinated in some sort of heaven. I always get a fried egg on the side. Break it open on top of the rice and let joy flow through you.The grilled chicken and the shrimp is also whats up! And the fried rice is fantastic. Today was the first day I tried the fresh spring rolls. The peanut sauce (they make their own)...well lets just put it this way: I want to use it on EVERYTHING I eat from now on. And these seriously are some FRESH spring rolls.  The prices are great, the food is better, the service is exemplary. Need I say more?
<review# 2725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,6/20/2012,1114,1200,8,13,6>I liked the non-pretentious elegance of this little restaurant. Being modern and clean were pretty much all I would expect from any better Vietnamese restaurants. Unless it is labeled 'Asian Fusion', a Vietnamese restaurant is really not a place I would expect good ambiance and quality service. Mama Do's Kitchen is the first place that exceeded my expectation.It wasn't fancy. It was actually located at a weird small strip mall with very low traffic on the weekend. I thought I was walking into another wall in the hole eatery but was surprisingly greeted by a delightful Asian bistro.The restaurant was quiet on a Sat afternoon. It wasn't hard to tell that the waitstaff was still fairly new but the service was amiable and inviting. Food was served promptly after the order was taken. I was astonished when they presented the King's Sampler. Almost felt like I was eating a Japanese Kaiseki meal. Everything was layout beautifully on a traditional platter. I am not very experienced with Vietnamese Hue cuisine but I found their Banh Beo and Banh Bot Loc both very likable. Catfish Claypot was good but not amazing. Definitely had better ones in other places like Vung Tau. It was fun to watch as they prepare the banana flambe dessert on the table. Not very authentic Vietnamese dessert I know but I still enjoyed it.Portion is small. Mama Do is definitely not a place you could find cheap Vietnamese food. It was a very comforting meal though. It is authentic yet not intimating to non Vietnamese clientele. They also have live piano music on weekend nights. Could be a fun place for an intimate dinner.
<review# 2726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,6/19/2012,464,603,8,12,6>I have a love-hate relationship with yoga.As horrible as it sounds, sometimes I hate how yoga seems to drag on forever and hate how much my muscles shake in fatigue in some twisty, tangled poses. And sometimes I hate how I feel I'm totally doing a pose wrong because I'm not that flexible. However, in the end your body feels sooooo good and rejuvenated! And YogaSource is the perfect place to feel refreshed! The studio provides such great accommodations! It's VERY clean, not smelly, provides towels, and has a great lockeroom. Even better, the instructors are awesome! I LOVE how most classes are over an hour long and that there's always a class to go to- all the way from the wee hours of 6 am til nighttime, at 7.My fav class is definitely vinyasa. It's relaxing AND a workout at the same time. Haha. It's more fast-paced. Definitely something great for people like me who like cardio. Also, a great way to work your upper body strength with all those sun salutations.Two gripes: receptionists are not that friendly/helpful. After registering on my first day, the girl didn't even tell me how to sign up for classes or where to go!! She looked at me like a complete idiot when I asked her questions. Thanks.Second gripe is this place is SUPER expensive. I actually got the livingsocial deal, which was 20 classes for $38. It was too good to be true. I'm just wondering how I'm going to afford continuing my membership once I run out =( I've always had a problem going to yoga studios because of the price. Sigh. I guess I can figure that out later.Also, don't be intimidated by the yogis here. Everyone here wears cute lululemon clothing and yes, I'm super jealous of their outfits,  but yeah. Seems like everyone here are pros and have mastered all the poses already -- while I struggle so terribly. It's just an inspiration for me to get back into yoga-shape!! Bottom line: great studio and a flexible schedule.
<review# 2727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,8/19/2008,451,735,10,12,12>I'm over standard plates like Enchiladas or Flautas with rice and beans.I'm over the Chavelas. Yes. I gave up beer. Never really was a beer drinker to begin with. Gives you nasty breath and burps! haha.One day I decided to try plain ol tacos. Being a traditional latin senorita, I like to order complex dishes that I can't make myself-so I appreciate my food more. This time I just ordered two tacos. One al Pastor and One Carne Asada.I was blown away. Good job Tlaque! No wonder your first name is t-a-q-u-e-r-i-a! Great place for tacos and shrimp cocktail if you can stand the long wait for a table. This location actually has really good service. The chips and salsa are the best thing ever. Don't fill up on them too much, they ruin your dinner!
<review# 2728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,8/18/2008,124,156,15,16,18>So after seeing this place from the outside everytime I visit, Petco, 99 Chicken and that sushi place in the corner, I finally came in. Oh these are all places that I'd like to boast as walking distance from the house. Isn't it nice to live in an area where lots of good food sorrounds you? Alright i'll admit I did enjoy My Sassy Girl but I've always said it was "aiite" just to keep my manhood. So after basing all movies to be like that I said why not give it a try, you might like it. I walked in and it was like an ordinary Mom and Pop video store with the asian atmosphere. So I immediately introduced myself to the lady behind the counter and just said hello. Wel it actually turned out to be a lengthy convo as we bagan talking about how I saw them on the newspaper. Some facts: $4 movie rentals, and $3 season TV shows per disc. They are pretty lacks when it comes to returning it and the application process is pretty simple. They also sell their movies so its pretty cool. So overall I came out with a movie to rent and it was pretty tight as long as you'rein the mood to read subtitles. So the next time you can't find a movie that you like at Blockbuster give Hana DVD a try. Thye've got friendly owners and a vast selection of movies english movies.
<review# 2729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2008,8/16/2008,156,126,9,17,15>Beginning the summer of last year, I was studying for the GMAT.  Being not so good in Math in high school or college and having my "proper" English tested on the exam, I knew I just couldn't study on my own.  So I did my research of the programs and picked Kaplan.I was glad I did, because the program, teacher, and my results were more than I expected.  From algebra to geometry, participles to idioms, and reading comprehension to critical essays, my teacher (Mischa Alexeeff) really broke down and explained how to approach each question.  I did the live classes on weekday nights and found the classroom conditions suitable, but not astounding.  All in all, I found the review course worth the $1,500 price tag.In case you're wondering, I scored well on the exam and will be attending grad school this fall =)
<review# 2730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2008,8/15/2008,354,496,4,5,5>Update:  I went back there two days later craving their chicken samosas.  You know a restaurant is good when you go back two days later.  I'm a sucker for great food.  I decided to try the chicken biriyani and order some more chicken samosas, since the beef sandwich left me hungry last time.  The owner was behind the counter once again and he was all smiles again.  He wished me well and hoped that I liked the biriyani.  I couldn't resist munching down on a chicken samosa on the way home.  Delicious as usual.  When I opened the container for the biriyani, this aroma came out.  Oh heavens....it was delicious with lots of great flavors.  The chicken was oh so tender and melted in my mouth.  I will defintaly come back and try the other items on the menu.A big kudos for my fellow yelpers for recommending this place.  I would have probably never stumbled across this place if it wasn't for you guys.  The guy, I believe he's the owner was real friendly!  He always had a smile on his face.  I had the beef sandwich and chicken samosa. The beef chicken was all dressings and bread with very very little meat.  I positioned the meat on one side, so basically I had half a sandwich.  The chix samosa was delicious. Both were real flavorful and had a good amount of spices, but I wish there was more.   It was real pricy for "half" a sandwich and samosa. It came out to $9.  I was still hungry after, so I got some food from McDonalds.
<review# 2731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,8/14/2008,250,205,17,12,13>I had this whole essay on the immigrant nation, global economy, my hate/love relationship with the chain restaurants and the wonder of those delectable rolled cakes, but I realized that was a train of thought no one was going to board.So to sum up, sure it's a chain, but it's a Korean chain... in the US, and that's kinda cool.  The pastries are good in that lightly sweetened the way my people like it kind of way.If I was ever to become the rich son of a family that owns a hotel on Cheju-do and have fallen win love with a beautiful but poor girl who was hiding that she had stomach cancer only to cause a deep bitterness, this would do as the coincidental re-union after five years of her being in Switzerland secretly getting treatment paid for by my mother with the express condition that we never see each other again.
<review# 2732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,8/13/2008,1260,803,25,31,30>Finally a family style Filipino restaurant that serves cuisines in a hot tantalizing way without hurting the wallet.  And the best part.... It's close to home!   No more driving up to San Mateo or San Francisco to have a Filipino meal in class. I received a Kalesa flyer in the mail two weeks ago and immediately jumped onto the computer to see if it was Yelped.  Sure enough my fellow South Bay Yelpers already reviewed this restaurant.  But why 3.5 stars? The pamphlet looks amazing with the all the colorful dishes and affordable prices. This is something to investigate and try for myself.  So it was time to make evening reservations, call out my dinner friends, put on the dining attire, and check this out place. On our first night here, I was impressed.  On the following Sunday, I was ecstatic during our brunch. On the night of our Yelp dinner here, I was overwhelmed with glee.Crispy PataPortions are huge and well enough for a family of four.    Pata is leg of pork with simple seasonings of salt and pepper then deep fried.  Take note it's not always a regular dish to enjoy weekly because of its high content of pork fat, but served for celebrations and fiestas this a big recommend.   Served as a hot dish I found their servings absolutely crunchy and tender with no oily mess.   .    The only recommend here is to have mang tomas sauce (special Filipino vinegar sauce) on the side and one big fork.   When it arrives to your table, they just gave you a knife for self serving.Sizzling BangusThis was Omar T's favorite!    Served a hot sizzling skillet with fried egg this was a great opener.    The milkfish was tender with a lot intricate ingredients.      This was a taste test for me since we already had several dishes on the table.   Next time, I'd like to order this for myself and indulge fully into this pleasant seafood dish.Kare KareI'm a huge fan of Kare Kare (oxtail stew in peanut butter sauce).    This is where it boils down to for mega points for a Filipino restaurant.   The smell, the ingredients, the content, and the texture are all absolute musts.    I will compare them to Auntie Elena's recipe so there's a lot on the line when I try other people's Kare Kare.    My aunt's Kare Kare is SUPREME!    Out of five stars, Kalesa gets three and half stars on the Kare Kare.    The presentation was on point.  The tender oxtails, tripe, and vegetables were great.   However, the sauce could have gained a little more attention without using too much starch.   It appeared to have food coloring, but I will continue to request for their Kare Kare.     So will hold back on the 1.5 star for now.   Halo HaloI asked for my Halo Halo to go and I took it with me to the Great Mall.    Everyone was like staring at my delicious dessert drink.   "Is that a bubble tea?"    "Nope!  Its Halo Halo!"   "OMG! I love Halo Halo!   Where did you get it?"    "The new Filipino restaurant in Milpitas - Kalesa!"     Five stars for this awesome summertime dessert!    Packed with Ube ice cream, coconut, sweet beans, leche, and shaved ice this is going to be my sinful request at Kalesa.  Overall, I was impressed and decided to call upon an UYE* Filipino Dinner for our South Bay Yelpers.  I was able to meet with Roelle and set up this grand event for our dinner reservations on 04/23/08.  On the day of the event, I was delighted to find that our group table was ready and Kalesa was able to set up additional seating for last minute arrivals. I started with the Lumpia Shanghi as our appetizers followed by the array of our native dishes:  Chicken Adobo, Kare Kare, Crispy Pata, Sizzling Bangus, Pinaket (vegetables), Garlic Fried Rice, & Sinigang Na Baboy with plain steamed rice (Serbelle's special request). And we even had room for dessert: Leche Flan, Turon Ala Mode, and Sans Rival.For all the South Bay Yelpers that attended our first UYE here... Thank you for making this event a wonderful dinner.   Thanks to our buddy Ranz from LA for taking our awesome UYE pics:  yelp.com/biz_photos/LviZThank you to Roelle and the staff of Kalesa.   This is going to be wonderful new relationship!Will you have another UYE at Kalesa again: Yes! June 2008.Does Catering: Yes. Check out their catering menu.Great for Large Parties: Definitely. Our UYE just proved that with 18 people.Serves San Miguel Beer: AbsolutelyParking:   This is the City of Milpitas. There's always plenty of FREE parking.Live Entertainment:   Only on Friday and Saturday nights.   Entertainers change weekly.   I'm just going to leave out the details.Did you try to steal the First to Review:  Hell Yeah!   The place was open since November 2007!   Man!  I should be ahead of these things!  *What's UYE?   Stands for Unoffical Yelp Event.    The acronym was developed from LA Yelp and openly used here on Yelp for members to come up with own events to share with the online community.
<review# 2733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2008,8/12/2008,674,366,26,26,25>So everyone already knows about the hauntings, back story and certain information regarding this restaurant that it used to be a mortuary in the early 1900s. What most people who havent been here doesnt know that the interior of the house is completely remodeled. It looks like a house from the front but amazingly, its completely modern inside. Now Im not much of a drinker but I do have some wine from time to time. I never really try to impress people by saying I know a lot about wine but this place makes me confident about my choices. Grab a glass of house wine (white if its a warm day) and take a gander at their delightfully decorated appetizers.I like how the bar and the small group of people who are patronizing mingle during happy hour. Very cozy and the people are friendly. Come over for happy hour and chat with everyone. By the way, someone kept tapping the floor when I was using the restroom. I doubt there was anyone outside because not many people where in the place when I got there, hmmm? Note to self: Next time, bring a cat (cats are sensitive to paranormal occurrences) Did I forget to tell you I came here on Friday the 13th?
<review# 2734,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2008,8/11/2008,307,820,11,19,16>When I heard about a grill-it-yourself restaurant, it immediately reminded me of Rube's in Waukee, IA  yelp.com/biz/rubes-steak and some places I've visited in Wellington, NZ. I thus can't help but compare and contrast.I had been a skeptic of grill your own places, thinking to myself: what's next? They'll give you a hatchet to go in the back to slaughter your own cow? But there is a novelty factor as well as a social factor in such a place.Not being a very organized person to begin with, I have a number of random thoughts about the place:o Decor was more dive bar chic, on the dark side. Being brighter and cheerier might have worked better for themo Staff was friendly and helpfulo Rib eye steak was great. Grilled to perfection. Compliments to the chef! (Lucky for me: otherwise, I wouldn't have anyone else to blame)o I expected the grill in the middle of the room would be something more special than just a gas grill. The other places I've been to had mesquite or at least charcoal to give deeper flavor to the grilled meat. That would also make it more of a conversation piece to socialize around.o There was a slant to the grill, but no one seemed to know if one part of the grill was hotter than another. You're on your own buddy!o With the focus on meat, I really expected they would have a salad bar instead of just a side salad. o Taking this a step further, there were few fresh, light appetizers or sides for that matter. They had a bell pepper and onion side and a mushroom skewer. If they had a veggie skewer that combined the two and maybe threw in a piece of zucchini, I would be all over it.o bananas foster desert was too sweet. Marshmallows were over kill. They would be better off with slightly sweetened whip cream.Its a great concept and I really wish them well. If they can take some constructive suggestion to heart, I look forward to revisiting them.
<review# 2735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,8/10/2008,15,165,11,8,5>Sometimes I light a candle and say a prayer and feel sorry for my Jewish friends who cannot partake in that which is known as Texas Smokehouse BBQ.  For those who truly cannot enjoy a pork rib from this place, my heart goes out to you.  Unfortunately I don't think the meat is Kosher.  Texas Smokehouse BBQ is the mecca of BBQ in the South Bay.  I had been looking for good BBQ for some time and had been disappointed in a variety of places.  I wanted to find a hole in the wall.  Judging by the picture of the place, I was not disappointed.  In fact, driving by Texas Smokehouse the first time and seeing what appeared to be a shack with a smoker outside, I had a gut feeling this place was going to be damn good.  I could smell the smoker fumes coming out and I knew the pollution infiltrating my lungs was coming from an even better dream; the ribs inside were cooking.  Everytime I come here, I get the pork ribs.  Ignore the sides except the bread which will be needed to mop up the sauce.  Sure you will be thirsty for hours on end, but trust me, a small price to pay for a great BBQ meal.  I recommend you call ahead as well before picking up your food.  The people running this joint are always busy even at 2-3 p.m.   Don't plan to eat in the restaurant as seating is extremely limited and it doesn't seem to have air conditioning on hot days.  If you're lucky you may get some sauce trapped between your fingernails which always makes for great seconds hours after you've experienced the wonder of Texas Smokehouse.
<review# 2736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,8/8/2008,301,821,11,15,16>I have the pleasure of working with this Bakery ROCK STAR of sorts. I frequently peer into the staff lounge for goodies when I know Amanda is on site, and if there is something out, I definitely take enough for two servings. First, for my sweet-toothed-self, and second, for the Miss Piggy in me. Yeay! Where's my Kermie?! I believe I have eaten both allergy friendly stuff and the more traditional baked goods that she has prepared. *I can't even name the items I have had for lack of knowledge, but I love an almond toffee thing with chocolate ganache on top and raspberries decorating the top, buttery croissants, and these amazing napoleon hats with pistachios inside. You don't have to order allergy friendly items, but you can, so that is the big plus! Amanda loves to bake with a passion, and you can taste it in her unique creations.Plus, you gotta support our up and coming small businesses in the Bay Area!
<review# 2737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2014,11/29/2014,78,167,10,14,12>PARKING: Street parking is metered Mon-Fri until 6pm so be sure to feed the meter or go there after 6pm or Sat/Sun/Holidays so you don't have to pay. STORE: on the smaller side but it's a boutique not a Petsmart so I expected there'd be more specialty organic environmentally safe products sold here. They have a good amount of stuff with an aisle shaped in a circle around the store.PRODUCTS/CAKES: we were particularly interested in the desserts. Small selection of cakes either in a bone shape or round circle shapes. The bone shaped cakes are made with more peanut butter, but the girl explained all have peanut butter in them. There's a freezer to the right with the perishable packaged cakes that you buy plus ice cream cups. Cake was $24 for a circle shaped cake. PB cups were $1.99 each. A 4 pack of pumpkin ice cream cups was $8.99 if I remember right. She explained the cakes are ordered from outside and not made there so the designs will differ from time to time. CUSTOMER SERVICE: the girl gave our dog a treat, which he didn't eat so she gave him a different kind that he liked so she gave him two total. She was super nice, friendly, spoke clearly and thoroughly answering all my multiple questions. She seemed really knowledgeable about dogs considering she herself owns a 13 year old (I think she said 13) dog. She was nice in that she explained what other customers do as far as purchasing a cake for their dog and cupcake/cookies for other doggy guests. She also warned us about the peanut butter and that the cake is rich so it is best to share it so your dog doesn't get "mud butt" as we politely prefer to call it.DENTAL CLEANING SERVICES: I picked up a flyer about a "non-anesthetic teeth cleaning service" where once a month a mother-son pair come to the shop and clean dogs teeth without putting them to sleep! She said they've been doing it for a long time and are great at it for $175 so I plan to try this out because our dog has been put to sleep for surgery & they cleaned his teeth at the same time, but I didn't like the idea of having him drugged. The girl also explained that dogs don't need their teeth cleaned except once a year or once every two years after they're three years old. EMAIL: they have a clip board where you can write your email to be put on their email newsletter so I figured why not?
<review# 2738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,11/28/2014,57,165,9,8,9>We come in after shopping at the run down Grocery Outlet market in the same shopping center, me in my tank top, shorts, and $100 Chacko womens sandals, just like in Hawaii.  I'm expecting to see a 'no shirt, no shoes, no service' sign, but none of the kind, so I guess I'm overdressed!The overhead menu has pictures and prices mounted on a lighted board overlooking the order counter. The pictures are like the ones in Japan, where customers who don't speak Japanese can simply point and choose their meal. Here we have customers who don't feel social, grunt, and hopefuly use their index finger, not middle finger, to point!Both the wife and I order the $7.99 'healthy choice' Hawaiian BBQ chicken.  Now them's the menu's words, not mine, as 'healthy choice' is a relative term.  'Healthy choice' meal comes with the same four slabs of greasy Hawaiian style grilled BBQ chicken, so full of fat, that when we put the leftovers in the refrigerator, the pool of grease on the bottom, congregates into solid white slabs of grease! The regular bbq chicken comes with white rice, macaroni salad, and the 4 slabs of chicken on a bed of raw cabbage.  There is so much grease in the chicken, that the hot grease cooks the raw cabbage!   The 'healthy choice' version dispenses with the white rice and macaroni salad, and replaces it with brown rice, and a huge miso sauce based iceberg lettuce salad.  Same absolutely divine, artery busting greasy chicken!In the middle of our meal a Samoan family walks in.  The big Kahuna, with a frizzy pony tail, but NFL lineman size, and nobody to mess with, adds to the ambience of the islands!  Which shows what will happen to you, if you eat here too often!
<review# 2739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,11/27/2014,853,359,12,12,9>They'll try and sell you on a more expensive wash, but they do a great job. I'd parked my car under a devil tree that unleashed a wide variety of evils upon my poor unsuspecting vehicle. After a quick yelp search this spot popped up so I drove on over. When I drove up to the car wash area the guy in charge started trying to sell me on a more expensive wash than I'd wanted. We settled on a middle ground, then did some price haggling. I left the negotiation happy. It was kind of fun. It took about half an hour. So I went to grab lunch and when I came back the car was just about done. And it looked GREAT! They'd exorcized away all signs of the devil tree. I drove off into the sunset in a car that looked like new, and a wallet that wasn't too sad.
<review# 2740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,11/26/2014,273,81,9,14,12>Great service, wonderful decorations, awesome sensor sinks, and good food.I enjoyed the sauce here. Its a bit thicker and they use a lot of garlic which i love. Im amazed that I actually like the snow crab here and the fact that they give you two cluster for the price of 17 is awesome too. I also tried the wings and they were delicious. I havent tried any of the fried foods but I do enjoy the seafood.One comment I like to make though is that the bread is a bit stale :( but i do like how they offer bread to dip in the sauces that they offer.
<review# 2741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/25/2014,232,62,20,19,16>Their Sunday buffet is BOMB. Only 13.99!They got all kinda of food during that time n it's ALL YOU CAN EAT BOY!!!You can't go wrong with all you can eat Filipino food. The service here is awesome. They are always so polite n if you have a problem they will go out of their way to try n fix it for you. Unlike other restaurants the bathrooms here are really clean n smell good. You can probably find an auntie or 2 gossiping through the stalls. Haha. 5 stars for this place! Come here n never leave with an empty stomach! Wee!
<review# 2742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,11/24/2014,108,214,10,15,14>I really like Cha Cha! I have been eating here for the past couple of years since it was close to work. There is always at least a 15-20 minute wait, but it's worth it. The servers are usually pretty friendly, but the they are a bit slow, probably because it is so slammed all the time. When you arrive, be sure to write your name down on their list and stay close by incase they call you name!Every meal begins with a complimentary mussel with a SPICY salsa on top. The salsa is SPICY SPICY SPICY. I can't hang so I usually remove the bulk of it. For lunch, I usually do a bento box.  The teriyaki sauce is perfectly sweet  and Cha Cha doesn't skimp on the serving size. I usually have leftover chicken and rice. The tempura is so delicious! I have also had the udon soup for lunch and it was very good, a perfect bowl of soup on a cold day hits the spot. For dinner, I usually just go for sushi. I am not very brave but I enjoy their philly, veggie tempura, California, crunch, little jenny, and sharks just off the top of my head. The prices for the rolls are very good. On my last visit we ordered 10 rolls for 5 people and it came to around 100 bucks. We didn't finish everything, it was sooooo much! All of the rolls are huge, almost a little too big because they end up falling apart. Cha Cha also offers soy paper if that is your thing. We had a really great waiter yesterday who made our dining experience that much better. I will continue to visit Cha Cha!
<review# 2743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,11/23/2014,53,234,11,16,11>I've had this place booked marked for a while now and was hoping to try it with hubby, unfortunately, I couldn't wait any longer and I tried it today for lunch.  Sorry babe!I'm not sure if there's additional parking in the back, but I parked on the street in front of the restaurant.  Upon entering, I was greeted by a friendly gentlemen who told me that they were only taking orders for take out because of Ramadan and will resume regular business hours at the end of the month.  Since this was my first time here, I asked him what he recommended.  He told me that popular dishes included anything under the Specialties of the menu, especially the Mix Plate with Biryani Rice.  I ordered his recommended dish and I was satisfied.  OMG...it was so GOOOOD!!  First bite of the beef with rice, so juicy and so full of flavor (mouth watering as I type).  Second bite, more beef but dipped in the green sauce because I wasn't sure if the sauce was for the mini salad or the meat??  Either way, the green sauce was BOMB DIGGITY!  I ate it with eveythanng!!  The beef was so good, I forgot about the chicken?!  First bite, OMG, it's juicy and flavorful!  The beef, chicken, and rice were all so good.  All of the spices and ingredients came together so well.  It was like a group of singers harmonizing together on my palate. I recommend this place to anyone!  I can't wait to come back to try other dishes. SPECIAL HOURS FOR JUNE 29, 2014  - JULY 28, 2014 4:30 PM TO 9:00 PMNORMAL BUSINESS HOURSMON - THU:11:30 AM TO 8:00 PMFRI - SAT:11:30 AM TO 8:30 PMCLOSED ON SUNDAY
<review# 2744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,11/22/2014,602,403,7,19,14>You guys - Campbell now boasts a juice bar! Today is their first day open and I couldn't be more excited. Can we say #localflavor?LOCATIONKwench is located in the Kirkwood plaza next to Capers and near the Right Stuff.  Parking is ample, but can be hit or miss depending on how many people are at the gym. AMBIANCESimply decorated and bright.  There are a handful of tables with vibrantly painted chartreuse chairs and fresh flowers in vases.  The menu is written on a triptych chalkboard behind a juice bar full of fruits & veggies.  There's also a cute little bicycle at the counter!SERVICEI came in around noon and was helped immediately by a smiling Reena (owner). She guided me through menu options and then got to work to prepare my fresh juice. While I waited, she offered me a sample of a berry juice. FLAVORThey offer a seasonal juice menu as well as a set menu of beverages. That's not to say you can't customize your juice, you can.  I ordered the Green Sunrise; a combination of organic oranges, bananas, chard, spinach, peaches, and kale.  For those of you who are looking to get into drinking more veggie juices - this is your gateway juice.  It taste more like fruit than the greens, but the color dictates otherwise.  No added sugar, just natural sweetness from the fruit. PRICESJuices come in 2 sizes: 12oz and 16oz. and range from $2.95- $7.95The prices are definitely higher than the cold-pressed juices at Whole Foods a couple miles down the street, but the ingredients are organic and locally-sourced.  Plus, I love supporting local businesses.  Don't you?
<review# 2745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/21/2014,469,258,16,22,24>I love this place! Since my first visit at the Santa Clara location, I was hooked. I tried returning to the location but found out it was temporarily closed. Sad face :( We came to this location during their anniversary special, buy one get one half off & the line was crazy!There are about 7 tables here, which is prolly double the Santa Clara location's capacity. Though there was a long line, they were pretty quick with our order! I chose the mango to tango & the bf had the piña colada. I loved the fresh mangoes but I preferred his coconut snow!We met the owner, Jennifer, who was such a sweetheart! She took time out to ask how we liked it & told her we're returning patrons. She explained that the Santa Clara location was just a pop up shop with a lease they took over so they probably wouldn't be renewing. Jennifer is also super funny! She said they give forks instead of spoons for the snow since it keeps the airy texture instead of smashing it. She joked that she should have a sign "Wtf? -- why the fork?" to explain her reasoning.All in all, I would definitely be returning & recommend Sno Zen to EVERYONE! Keep up the wonderful masterpieces, guys! :)
<review# 2746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,11/20/2014,361,127,14,16,16>They must've hired a master Feng Shui consultant, because after countless attempts by others, there is finally a good restaurant in this spot.  #JinxLiftedKenji Sushii has invested and put in a tremendous effort to make you feel like you're dining in an upscale lounge. The presentation of their dishes is equally as stylish and as aesthetically pleasing.With this being said,  you might want to believe the food is as tasty as their high sense of style. For the most part it is and after one visit I'm curious enough to return for one more go around.
<review# 2747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,10/27/2012,1335,1550,16,24,20>I love me some sausage! Gourmet ones?! Wooohooo! Beer too? I'm excited to try this new addition to d/t San Jose.We told the guy at the counter it's our first time there and he was very nice and informative. I wanted some hot sausage but wanted to start on the lower rung of spicy. So he suggested the Sweet Apricot Sausage. Perfect hint of spice! Very tasty and oh so juicy! With it I paired a bottle of their Radiant Summer Ale Beer. It is somewhat dark and hoppy. If you want something light this is not for you. But it complements the midly spicy Sweet Apricot Sausage with Green Bell Pepper toppings.You order your hot dog at the counter and your toppings. Order your drinks there too. If you look up at the TV screen located at the bar while you're standing at the register you can see different kinds of beer names from there. We also tried the potato sausage and was not impressed by it. Well it wasn't spicy and compared to the Sweet Apricot it was boring. It says on their door they're still in their soft opening week. But no worries. They know what's up! Everything is ran like clockwork. I even love their suggestion to try their outside patio. It's a small area inside with about 5-6 tables. The area outside is nice on a warm San Jose night to bond with your sausage and to get to know your beer:)Fries are not included in your order. If you do order one you can choose different flavored ketchup with it. We tried the Curry flavored one that night. Not for me.Total for two $30+.
<review# 2748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,10/26/2012,564,356,6,9,8>You basically create your own meal so if you have a bad lunch/dinner, you ruined it yourself!I kept seeing reviews and check in's for this restaurant that I finally had enough and had to try it out for myself. I'm not a rice fan so I was happy to see you can opt for jap chae instead. I let them throw in all the vegetable they had available and went with the Pork option for my "meat" choice.It was ready in less than 5 minutes and I loved the option of having sauces at your disopable to choose from. I first thought picked the Terayki but after trying it out, went with the Thai Curry sauce. Perfect!I can't really say anything bad about this place; the bathroom was clean, they had mulitple TV screens playing, courteous employees and a very spacious atmosphere. Bonus for Alchies: They have a HUGE selection of beer (bottle form) on display behind the cashier to roam through!
<review# 2749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/25/2012,132,237,11,15,15>i'm willing to bet a 6-pack that YOUR local liquor store doesn't allow you to create your own 6-pack...with a great selection of craft beers?!need i say more?i didn't think so...
<review# 2750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,10/24/2012,245,219,14,9,10>Dr. Ho's been cheerfully keeping my choppers in order for about five years now - time for a review update!First of all, the current office is so much better than the old location, I'm very happy about the move.The whole staff here is incredibly patient with my low dental self esteem - despite being rather fanatical about brushing and flossing, I'm convinced at every visit that today is the day I will be told all my teeth need to be pulled, and also that my teeth in general resemble a row of jagged Corn-Nuts because they aren't as perfect and white as TV and movie teeth. They tolerate my dental rants, then they clean my teeth and we all have a good laugh (it's easy to laugh when you're headed out the door with that little baggie containing a toothbrush, toothpaste and floss.  HA HA, see you in six months!).I've had the most gentle and (relatively) comfortable cleanings of my life at this office, and everyone welcomed me back warmly with no shaming when I took a break to see another dentist due to insurance changes.  My appointments always start on time and Dr. Ho remains kind, encouraging and patient.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go floss my Corn-Nuts.
<review# 2751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,10/23/2012,2666,2599,13,17,15>Oh Mo, you make it hard not to give you a good review because service and personalities like yours are so far and few in between.For those of you who are not in the know, Mo is the proud owner of this little shop titled Aroma Coffee and Snacks. I, like everyone else, came to visit because of rave reviews of banh mi and, of course, milk tea. I am a huge banh mi fanatic because I love the flavors of pate and the Viet ham (or mystery pork meat as some people call it) in a banh mi along with fresh jalapeños. The jalapeños are a must. I was actually a little taken aback by the location of this place because having lived in this part of town when I was younger and experienced the kind of "stuff' that happens here at night I was a little hesitant to come. However, Aroma is located in the back part of the parking lot near the Wendy's on Jackson and McKee and was actually fairly lit.Inside, it's a small operation but can most likely seat 12-14 people if you are dining in. They also have a small area outdoors which is nice at night when the A/C is not running and the night is a nice temperature to be out. They also offer free wifi, coffees, and actual plates of food versus just small snacks and to go. When I walked in I think I was pretty much immediately identified as a Yelper as I gave myself away ferociously tapping on my screen to check in. Guilty. So I was offered the special grilled pork sandwich and their smashed avocado.I passed on the avocado because ... well frankly the idea was too weird for me. Anywhere, not just here, I just don't generally get avocado drinks because I associate them with being INSIDE my sandwich and not ... in a cup outside with some potentially sweet things. I digress, I ended up with an almond milk tea (green tea!) with lychee jelly. I must say, although it was $3+ (I think also tax and some extra for the lychee jelly) it was a really solid milk tea drink. I'm not usually a big fan of these kinds of places but I could actually taste the tea. Yes ladies and gentlemen, be amazed, a boba place that uses real tea! I also was picky and asked for green tea, which they accommodated. The sandwich ... well let's just say I am a huge banh mi fan, but I am more of a traditional Viet ham and pate girl. I asked for pate to be in my sandwich and Mo said he would try to accommodate but it didn't end up making it to my sandwich. That's okay, I think grilled pork is good for a lot of people and it definitely was tasty. The pork was well cooked and wonderfully flavored ... it's just not my thing when it comes to banh mi's. I will probably go back to try their regular one so I can update with what I REALLY thought of the banh mi. After all, I have pretty much visited over a dozen Vietnamese Sandwich places between here and SF and so far I haven't found one that totally floored me yet. Maybe I'm hard to please? The bread was good though as I don't like sandwich places where their bread is so hard it's like a war zone in my mouth after. It was also a little more expensive than a regular banh mi. Most Viet places charge under $3 but here you will pay $3.49 plus tax! Overall, I really like this place, not only because they use real tea (yay) and their banh mi's are actually pretty decently sized and they fill it up with plenty of meat to justify their slight extra charge. However, what really makes this place heart warming in my book is the owner. He's by far the most friendly person I have ever met in customer service. Hands down, he is a sharer, he is friendly (but that's like an understatement for how he really is) and while I was there he comped someone for getting their order wrong and added something on the house. You don't see this much these days at small shops because they usually can't afford to do it but its amazing that he's willing to sacrifice that for customer service. I truly agree that a good customer service experience brings back more repeats than even a regular / average experience.Bottom line is, go visit Mo. but don't necessarily get what's popular, just buy what you want and you will be a very full happy camper after a few bucks!
<review# 2752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,10/22/2012,260,544,6,25,9>What:- Hiking Trails- Biking- Equestrian Trails- Picnic Area- Play area for kids- Penitencia Creek- Deer, Horses, Sheep- Eagles, Other birdsMore Info:- $6 car parking fee; Free parking in the neighborhood - Free trail map at the main entrance- BBQ pits in picnic area - Restrooms in several places along the trailPenitencia Creek Trail - North Rim Trail - Eagle Rock TrailLength: ~4.5 miles; Elevation: 795 feet; Time: 2.5 hours; Difficulty: EasyThere are several ways to enter the Alum Rock Park. We parked the car in Penitencia Creek Road at the main entrance, which is at the west end of the park. We got a map from an attendant at the booth in the main entrance and began our hike at the Penitencia Creek Trail. The trail started with a steep ascend and immediately became leveled out. This narrow, well-shaded trail that passes along the placid Penitencia Creek gave me a feeling of inward tranquility. Penitencia Creek Trail - yelp.com/biz_photos/6cyQThere were several picnic benches and restrooms along the trail. Soon, we reached the Playground Area next to the Visitor Center Ranger Office. The playground area has a lot of benches, chairs, BBQ pits, slides, swings, etc. We immediately flung our bags and hopped on to the swings to play to our glory. Who said only kids love playing in the swing? What is more fun than to swing high and jump on the ground? Play Area in Alum Rock Park - yelp.com/biz_photos/6cyQExhausted after playing in the swing; we sat on one of the benches to eat sandwiches. We even noticed a family arranging their kid's birthday party in the picnic area. Birthday celebrations in the woods and a play area nearby to keep the kids occupied? I thought that was a wise idea.We took the North Rim Trail, which ascended along the meadows to soon connect with the trail that lead us to the Eagle Rock Point. The trail was not shaded at all; we drank water frequently to avoid getting dehydrated. The Eagle Rock Point, which is at an elevation of 795 feet, offers a panoramic view of the valley and a huge mansion next to it has horses and sheep in the farm.View from Eagle Rock Point - yelp.com/biz_photos/6cyQHorse in a farm near Eagle Rock Point - yelp.com/biz_photos/6cyQSheep in a farm near Eagle Rock Point - yelp.com/biz_photos/6cyQWe then took the trail back to the main entrance. On the way back, we noticed couple of deer at the creek and we immediately hushed to a pin drop silence to observe their activities. Within a few minutes, the deer hopped off into the woods. Deer at Penitencia Creek - yelp.com/biz_photos/6cyQIt was definitely an easy, leisurely hike and I would certainly like to return to try out other trails or even possibly go biking.
<review# 2753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,10/21/2012,288,435,9,14,10>The name Sweet Cup says it all, inside you'll find a delicious and sweet selection of beverages, Vietnamese specialties desserts, and coffee. Pros:Smoothies: There's a selection of simple fruit smoothie. My friends that I bring that are not familiar with Vietnamese desserts love getting the smoothies here. I also tried their Caramel mocha smoothie, which hit the spot if you wanted a sweet caffeine fix. Vietnamese Desserts:There's a wide variety of Vietnamese desserts to select from and there is even a customization menu to make your own creation. Some of my favorites from here are.. *Sum bo Luong: It's a mix between a drink and dessert with a mixture of lychee, dried lychee, seaweed, lotus seeds, and gingko nuts. *Bo Dam: AKA Smashed Avocado, my favorite one here! Its full of sweetened avacodo with jellies, pearls, and by request durian. Durian is a strong scented vietnamese fruit that you either love or hate. I personally grew up with durian, so I love it included in my drink because it adds an exotic taste.  Ice Cream: This place used to be several ice cream shops. I haven't tried their ice cream but kids are always coming ordering ice cream, so Im sure its good!Service: Out of all the places I have gone for Vietnamese desserts, this was the most NICEST. The ladies that work here are super friendly and definitely know costumer service. Cons: The only thing this place was missing was a bathroom, just an FYI, you should use the restroom before you come here. Overall, this is my favorite place for Vietnamese desserts, out of all the times I have come here, the quality and service are always top notch!!!! So worth a try if you're a sweet cup virgin!!!
<review# 2754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,10/20/2012,602,403,6,7,8>I came to Restaurant James Randall on a Saturday night and couldn't have been more excited.  I'd only heard (via word of mouth) good things about it.We arrived a bit earlier than our 6pm reservation and were greeted by a personable Brenda who took us to our seat in the back corner of the main dining area. Menus were dropped and the water boy stopped by.  We perused their impressive and inventive cocktail list (think Single Barrel with a twist) and decided on the perfect gentleman and the drop it like it's hot. then we waited. and waited. and waited until 15 minutes had passed. There were two 2-seaters already served and us... just waiting.During this time, two new parties of 4 (respectively) were seated at the tables near us. When the waitress finally came out... she went to the table who was seated last, then the table seated before them, then us. Serious? I mean, I realize 4 people will likely have a bigger bill - but that's not say that there isn't a nice tip at the end for a job well done. Finally she came over to take our drink order and to tell us about the specials.  From here on out, service was quick.  The drinks came out in a timely manner and before we knew it, our small plates and salad came.  Had I known they would all come at once -- I would've specified to stagger them. The food certainly made up for the unfortunate beginning.  The toasted GNOCCHI with pancetta, spinach and a black garlic cream sauce was SO good.  The braised collards were perfection.  I chose the GEM SALAD  with radishes, English peas, croutons and goddess dressing which was delightful. I also chose the PORK MEDALLIONS special wrapped in bacon, stuffed with somethin' delightful on a turnip puree & some sorta sauce and green beans-fantastic.  He chose the FRIED CHICKEN (which DID come with a ramekin of Louisiana hot sauce). I managed to get a bite of the fried chicken (yum!) and the mashed potatoes (so light and fluffy).  Somehow, the fat kid in me made room for dessert. I opted for the CHOCOLATE TORTE which was laid on a drizzled bed of salted caramel. I think I would've been happy with just a spoonful of the salted caramel. He chose the coffee and donuts (coffee anglaise / BEIGNETS) - which I also nabbed a bite of. We followed up with a couple drinks downstairs at the bar - zu york (fav!), who's the boss, cablegram, & an off menu item.  I'd come just to snack/drink downstairs!
<review# 2755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,10/19/2012,158,186,7,7,5>Great Job In Produce, Vitamins, Wine, Snacks and Natural Foods.....Pros:     Nice selection, quality and price of the areas in which they specialize     Cons:     Other things are there, but you might need to shop elsewhere for thoseSuggestion:  Make this one of your stops on shopping day.  Star Ratings:-   Overall:     4-   Selection Of Their Specialities:    5-   Selection Of Other Things:     2-   Food Quality:   4-   Service:     4-   Cost:    4-   Value:    5-   Parking:     5-   Ambiance:     4   There's usually some excitement when a new store comes to town.  When I first saw the signs on windows of the vacant Orchard Supply Hardware along Branham Road for Sunflower Market, I turned to reviews on Yelp for information about this chain expanding rapidly across California.  From what I read, most people were pleased with this new choice in the grocery store market.-   Store:  Makes much better use of space than the former OSH which occupied the location for many years.  You can easily see from one end to the other so keeping track of your shopping mate is simple. Plus, it's not far from other stores and activities along Blossom Hill Road.-   Selection:  Unlike traditional supermarkets, Sunflower seems to specialize in specific areas of food and sundries.  They are definitely not trying to be all things to all people.  The main focus is on produce, vitamins, wine, snacks and natural/organic foods.  Within those categories, Sunflower will be tough to beat on selection, quality and price.We spent most of our time inspecting and choosing produce...marveling at the large number of bins with grains, dried fruit and candy...and walking around the aisles to spot whatever odds and ends were available. There are other items besides the highlighted areas.  We saw a fair selection of meats ( which we don't eat ), dairy products, frozen food ( bought some ice cream ) and small sections including a fish counter, bakery, sandwich shop and packaged appetizers/salads.-   Quality:   It's tough to tell from walking around, but during the week following our visit, we tried the fruit.  Overall, it was very good, except for my package of green grapes which were too soft for me.-   Cost:  Excellent.  Our basket was $52.  In Whole Foods ( which we will not give up because it's fun and the selection is more varied ), that would've run $75.  The cost of fresh fruit was especially lower. -   Service:   Everybody we saw was smiling and willing to lend a hand.  One noticeable difference with Whole Foods and Trader Joe's....almost everybody was very young.  No mother/grandmother types in the bakery/fresh food area.-   Atmosphere:  It's nice, new, bright, colorful and clean.-   Parking:   When my wife and I arrived around 3 PM on a Sunday afternoon, there were plenty of spaces available for parking.  Even at busier times, I can't imagine them running out of room.If Whole Foods ( to us ) is a toy store...Trader Joe's a jack-in-the box ( you never know what will pop out ) and regular places like Safeway a comfy blanket ( because there are few surprises )...Sunflower Market is the upstart cousin who tries to get your attention by doing a smaller number of things very well.
<review# 2756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,10/18/2012,554,362,16,12,10>I found it ironic that the ad at the top of the page for Blue Line was Weight Watchers.  Wishful thinking, I guess.  I'm sure a slice of their pizza would be about 4000 points.Anyway, as for that pizza.... what's not to like!  To be honest, when it comes to pizza, it's hard to mess up pizza in my opinion.  I like all kinds of pizza.  From all the different styles (Chicago, New York, California, Thai, etc.) to all the different brands and variations (Totinos, Stouffers, Red Baron, pizza rolls, pizza pockets, bagel pizzas, etc), I like it all.  Even the toppings, I like MOST of the toppings (Jalapenos-Yes, Anchovies-No problem, Foie Gras-HELL NO!).  So, with that being said, you would probably think I would give any pizza joint 5 stars, right?  Wrong.  Just because I like all kinds of pizza, doesn't mean I don't have standards.  Hmmm..... let me put this in 2 different ways, so both guys and girls can understand it.  Guys, you will sleep with a lot of girls and will probably like all of it.  Doesn't mean it's all 5-stars, right?  And for you girls, when you exact revenge on your boyfriend/husband when he sleeps will all those girls, some revenge tactics are better than others.  But, you enjoy all of them, right?  Think of it like this, when you break up with him and never speak to him again, that's more like Pizza Hut or Dominos.  But, when you sleep with his best friend, key his car, empty his bank account, and blog about his inadequate penis size, that's Blue Line!!!  And for you guys, two words, Sasha Grey.  Now, that's Blue Line!I could go on and talk about how good ALL the pizzas are, and not just the thick crust.  I could talk about the delicious appetizers (especially the wings) and salads they have.  I could also talk in further detail about the phenomenal service I always get, both in the dining area and at the bar.  Am I going mention the outside seating area that's perfect for the California weather?  Nope.  I won't even mention that you can call ahead and take out your pizza.  Why in the world would I do all that when you already get the gist from my explanation above.Now, please FUC my reviews, because this will probably be the only review you will ever read that mentions pizza and porn stars together.One last thing..... Guys, Sasha Grey?!?  Do yourself a favor and stick to Blue Line.  Sorry.
<review# 2757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,7/18/2012,151,171,16,16,16>Short and quick, mention Yelp and get a $40 out the door smog. (unless you have an older car).Try to go early on a weekday morning if possible. Total time for me was about 25 minutes w/one car ahead which was already 1/2 done. Easiest smog check performed on my 2000 Tachoma.
<review# 2758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,7/17/2012,412,313,4,12,9>So glad Tomi took over the old Todai! This new revamped sushi seafood buffet is awesome. We came here for dinner with my boyfriend and his parents, cost about $25 per person. All you can eat sashimi, rolls, crab legs, spicy fried crabs, noodles, chicken, duck, dumplings, soups, salads, raw oysters, mussels, clams, and much much more. The seafood was impressively fresh.TIP: Save your stomach room for the good stuff, i.e: CRAB LEGS, CRAB, SASHIMI, OYSTERS, and etc. Why waste room eating rice or bad noodles. You paid for seafood, eat your monies worth!Can't wait to come back again 4 STARS!
<review# 2759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,7/16/2012,602,403,10,16,12>I've been to Sushi Confidential 5 times now, (a total of 3 officially) and do not foresee that number remaining stagnant.  If anything, I crave what Sushi [Confidential] is plating.  While they have only been open a week (and 1 day as I write this), long waits (to be seated during prime times) and slow service is to be expected while they're working out the kinks.  I normally would mind, only I know what is to come at the end of the wait: amazing food. With the 3 official visits, I've sat at the bar, sushi bar and at a table. Each time, receiving personable service.  And each location offers it's own perspective on the dining experience. Both bars are very social and great if you want to eat alone or with friends and of course the regular tables are perfect for groups of 4-6. On to the important stuff. SUSHI!I have yet to have a roll that I didn't like. Sure, there are some that are better than others (like Randy's infamous RSM roll), but they are oh so very good.  You can truly taste the passion and see the artistry that goes into each dish/roll.  Last night, a friend noted that the rolls are friendly to both an experienced and novice palate.  Someone who looooooves sushi will be able to discern the layers of flavor within a roll, while someone who is either afraid to eat it or just new to the concept, will enjoy it just the same. So far, I've tried: (and mind you, I don't like unagi - and some of these have it in there)ROLLSunwrapped - very good - the pineapple adds a unique flavorcentral intelli-tataki - goodhidden hamachi - light and good (also, small not like the other huge rolls)RSM - perfectiongeisha girl - exquisitecardiff by the sea - deliciousplan b lounge - not badhamachi nigiri - melt in your mouth goodOTHERrazor clam miso chowder - yum!tempura avocado - write home about this.edamame trio (yuzu, smoked & garlic) -- the yuzu is panty-droppin' goodregular edamame - perfectly saltedThis is JUST what downtown Campbell needed.  Next time, I'm going to try the apple dashi hamachi saffron shooter and some of the cooked options. And I'm rather looking forward to when the big eye tuna pretzilla sliders are available, because I will yummy down on those all day long.
<review# 2760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,7/15/2012,655,394,18,18,13>ALRIGHT EVERYONE. FROM ONE N00B TO ANOTHER, I'LL LET YOU KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT AND HOW TO ACT!1)Parking lot is where you see a bunch of old trailers and flags. Turn right and enter the dirt lot. Don't bring your beamer or 'cedes. Unless you want a coat of dust on the outself, and paint on the inside.2)DO NOT rent your gun and buy your paint, then walk back to your car to retrieve things. If someone sees you, you can be fined for having possession of an unregistered firearm...as anything outside the wooden logs is leaving the paintball property. good thing no one saw us!3)don't pick up old paintballs from the floor to re-use. Before I took the safety orientation, I was being a cheap asian and picking them off the floor, but apparently they could be deformed from hitting the ground or have dirt that can clog the gun. But it worked fine for me in the end!4)Take a few rounds to stay in the back and see how the games work, what the atmosphere is, then jump in! It's hard to aim and there's not much to shoot from all the way in the back, but if you move up without knowing what you're doing, you're gonna get a handful of bruises.5)Wear clothes that cover you up and don't mind getting dirty! Though I washed my clothes afterwards and no stains were left behind!6)They don't hurt....that much. It's more of a sharp sting, and it also depends on how close you are and wear you were hit. I got hit on the edge of my mask, so it exploded on my lip---OUCH! but the ones on my thigh? it stung, but I shook it off easily.7)All people with rentals are in the same field, so you're playing with all novices. Anyone can play in the intermediate/advanced fields though.8) Kids as young as 10 can play. Don't let them make you look like a wuss!9) I played at night and it wasn't that bad. I knew where I was going, I saw my paintballs fly across the field, and it was fun!I had a yelp deal, so overall it was cheap, but otherwise this place is too expensive for me. I had a great time and shot some people in the face! BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM! MUAHAHAHA**1st review of 2012 and it's one about shooting people...this is gonna be a lovely year!
<review# 2761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,7/14/2012,476,438,3,8,4>I've been wanting to go to Plumed Horse for a while now but after the debacle at Fleur de Lys, my friend was very reluctant to try another French restaurant. Although he grumbled and wasn't thrilled about my dining choice, that all melted away once we stepped foot inside Plumed Horse. We were both immediately impressed with the sleek, modern layout, complete with a chic lounge and beautiful 3-story wine cellar. We got the best seat in the main dining room which has jellyfish chandeliers that changes color to set the mood for a romantic meal. My friend said it reminded him of The Abyss, a movie he loves. We started with some cocktails - America's Favorite (a fancy version of Jack & Coke) and Pear's Love. My drink was perfect and I like how they only used one gigantic ice cube for each drink. The chef gifted us with some delectable morsels which included a fried mozzarella ball, truffled deviled quail eggs, foie gras and a couple of other scrumptious bites I can't remember the names of. I wish we could have ordered a few plates of those bites. Heaven in your mouth. The standout dishes of the night are the Black Pepper & Parmesan Souffle, Ahi Tuna Tartare, and Seared Foie Gras. The souffle made both of us groan with pleasure as it is truly one of the best things we've ever tasted. The Ahi Tuna came with an excellent presentation. I was too busy ogling my souffle to make a video of how they presented the Ahi Tuna. Suffice to say there was a lot of dry ice and it was a sight to see. The Foie Gras was excellently prepared and I'm glad I got to taste it here before it's banned in a few weeks. My friend's Lamb Chop & Osso Bucco was fork tender. It would have been better if he had ordered it Medium Rare rather than Medium but that was his fault. For dessert, we got How You Like Them Apples which were beignets filled with apple concoctions. It was good but didn't knock my socks off like other dishes here. All in all, Plumed Horse is among my top 3 restaurants for a spectacular night of fine dining.
<review# 2762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,7/13/2012,615,556,16,22,16>They didn't lie; this was definitely "The Bay Area's Largest Food Truck Festival" - or at least it's the most I've ever seen in one place! There was a TON of people here and very long lines. A divide and conquer approach is the only way to try more than 2 trucks - so come with a group. Things were pretty organized and parking was easy if you're willing to pay $6. (We were.) It also helped that the weather cooperated and was perfect for a festival.By the name, one might think food offerings would be limited to tacos ONLY, but that definitely wasn't the case. In fact, there was Treatbot's delicious ice cream, po' boys from Louisiana Territory, and garlic pork fries from Soulnese - to name a few of my favorites.My group concluded that the best tacos could be found at the following trucks:The ChairmanKoJa Kitchen CurryUpNow Soulnese (My personal favorite! Loved the Pork&Potato taco here)There were also offerings from:Louisiana TerritoryMoGoSeoul on WheelsTacos de Los AltosBigg Shrimpin'No Way JoseMoBowlAnd others I can't recall...At $2 per taco, it was easy to fill up on cheap, delicious eats, all in one location.The best thing there?The "Eastside Horchata" ice cream from Treatbot. I know, that's not a taco! But I swear the horchata ice cream was just like the real thing - but better! They also offered "408" - a caramel ice cream with fudge and oreo (tasted more like coffee than caramel, but whatever).Tips for next year (if it comes back):Buy tickets online to avoid a very long line.Get your wrist band for booze before getting in another line for said booze (it's not obvious that this is necessary).Park in the lot off of Phelan Avenue - plenty of spaces available.Bring water in your purse, or backpack - they charge $1 per bottle.Advice to festival:Signs are your friend. Please use them next year.Getting in was annoying - first, you scanned my ticket, then I had to go give it to someone else to get in. How about you scan the ticket then take it, all in one?For being their first year, this was definitely a success. I'm looking forward to coming back in 2013!
<review# 2763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,7/12/2012,290,302,11,13,11>I'm sad to report that even though I've lived in the Bay Area for nearly ten years I hadnt even heard of these gardens till last week. We had a spare couple of hours to kill last Sunday, so came here to take photographs and recharge the zen batteries. What a beautiful relaxing place. My favorite part of the gardens had to be the Bamboo Forest. Wow! I could have just stared up at those vibrant verdant leaves all afternoon. Gorgeous. So peaceful. The cherry blossoms hadn't quite came out yet so I think I'll be making a return trip in the next week or two to try and get some more nice photos for my screensaver. At $7, it's well worth the time you can spend contemplating life and watching those huge wonderfully colored fish do their swimmy thing.Ommmmm. Ting.
<review# 2764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,7/11/2012,278,126,11,9,7>Okay, so I recently moved down the block from here (literally) about 2 months ago, and I've eaten here over four times already. Since I'm sitting on my ample tush eating it as I type, I figure now is as good of a time as ever to finally review this place. Good thing I'm talented enough to type and stuff my face at the same time. Ooh, that sounds naughty.As noted by my fellow reviewers, fried taro frites are complimentary on the house and are included in both dine in and take out modes for your very own dining pleasure. I know this because I've had it both ways. (Mmm, the naughtiness continues). The sweet chili sauce to go with is not spicy not fishy and is your typical delectable Mai Ploy, my fave.In my dining excursions here, I have enjoyed the lunch special, the Peanut Sauce Rama with both chicken and fried tofu on separate occasions, the Panang curry with fried tofu, the Pad Se Ew with beef/chicken/tofu, the Red Curry with chicken, the Tom Kha soup (delicious, so good!), an order of spring rolls, egg rolls, and the House Fried Rice with vegetables. Overall, it has been excellent - the sauces in the curries are thicker, as noted in other reviews, but not CURDLED, as one reviewer affirms - it is THICK and JUICY and DELICIOUS, just how I like it (mmm... being naughty is FUN!). My only complaint would be the lunch special soup, a clear broth with cabbage, carrot, etc. Not too flavorful. However, as previously stated, the Tom Kha soup was simply divine.Service is always prompt, efficient, and extremely accommodating, very nice people here.
<review# 2765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,7/10/2012,879,323,13,22,16>Being Vietnamese, I often get asked recommendations for my favorite places to get pho, bun bo hue, banh mi etc.  For banh mi in the Bay Area, I like Huong Lan.  Hearty servings of ingredients, fresh items, tasty sauces, and decent bread.  The only places I like better are in the Vietnamese capitol of the United States: Orange County!  Just wish it was in a more convenient location for me to grab more often!TLDR: Favorite Vietnamese sandwiches in the Bay Area.
<review# 2766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,7/9/2012,135,184,3,7,5>Wraps for under $5, didn't think they'd be anything special but was impressed. They offer several vegetarian wraps,  the classic vegetarian basically a bean/rice/cheese burrito and is only $3.75. If you're craving something Mexican and you're vegetarian, I'd get the Holy Frijole-it's basically the same thing as the Classic, but it's under $3.I had the fruitalicious smoothie and wasn't that impressed. The "small" smoothie size was plenty, I'd probably stick to that one.
<review# 2767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2006,8/9/2006,413,298,9,1,4>if target were a man, i'd marry him :)seriously, being in this store makes me giddy.i don't know what it is... it's one of those places that has EVERYTHING. you go down each aisle and say to yourself "oh man! i totally needed that!" sure you may spend more than you intended, but the prices are fantastic. you always find exactly what you're looking for and then some... my banana hanger is one of my all-time favorite purchases -- it keeps the bananas elevated so they ripen evenly and don't bruise.this is a particluarly nice store: it's spacious (a greatland target) and laid-out in a shopper-friendly fashion.also, how great are all of the method cleaning products?! and the sonia kashuk makeup?!i think i'm in love...
<review# 2768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2006,8/8/2006,24,43,2,4,2>The highest echelon in Indo Pakistani food.  I knew I was in the right place immediately when I felt intimidated by the guy taking my order.  The whole place is kinda gruff and dark, but oh man the food is awesome.  I over-eat everytime I come within 10 miles of this place.  Get the Kubideh, and the chicken skewers for sure.  The nan is not what you're used to getting in an Indian restuarant, so don't go nuts when you order it.  All the curries are good, maybe a bit oily, but spicy and good.  They make their food very fresh - the one in S.F. has an open kitchen.  They also recently opened one in Mountain View!  In my hood.  Oh yeah, another great thing about this place is the music - I wish I could rip their music selection - awesome beats playing every time I come into this place.  Seriously, my mouth started watering as I was writing this review.  I may have to hit it tomorrow for lunch.
<review# 2769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2006,8/7/2006,849,1374,5,4,1>This is in a really great location within walking distance of downtown Sunnyvale and most importantly, Target.They served nice fresh cookies in the leasing office, but as this was the first apartment community we visited we soon learned this was typical. (I kept a fresh cookies checklist for a) presence of cookies, and b) cookie variety from this point on.)The only downside to this complex is that some of the units are right, and I mean RIGHT next to Caltrain.
<review# 2770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2006,8/6/2006,0,0,2,3,4>Four stars go to momma of Vaso Azzurro.  Momma greeted us at the door.  Momma brought us to the table.  Momma ordered the servers to refill our water.  Momma sat down and chat with us while we were waiting for food.  Momma made sure we save room for dessert.  I come here not just for the delicious food, but to visit momma.  She, her two sons, and the entire staff makes you feel like extended family.   I like sitting there and get spoiled by momma, and that's what Vaso Azzurro "Blue Vase" is all about.
<review# 2771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2006,8/5/2006,440,185,8,11,1>Ramen gives me fat face.  No, it doesn't make me gain fat weight, but it does make my cheeks take on water weight.  Try it!  Fat face can happen to you too.  Especially if you love Ramen as much as I do!  It is my ultimate comfort food.Maruichi's a chain, but I don't hold that against them.  It was opened, I  believe by the folks from Sushitomi.  Compared to its nearby competitor Ryowa, well, I wouldn't say that one is necessarily better or worse, because they have different styled ramen.  The distinct ones at Maruichi are the Tonkatsu and Kuro.  My favorite's the Tonkatsu - pork and chicken boiled and boiled and boiled.  Soooooo good.  Far as I can tell, the Kuro Special is just ramen with lots and lots of deep fried garlic mixed into the soup base.  I don't care for lots of garlic, but to each their own.This bit might also be useful: Maruichi closes earlier than Ryowa .  Ryowa's open past 11.  Maruichi, just till 930 or so.
<review# 2772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2006,8/4/2006,28,35,5,6,5>Unlike Regina (who posted a review earlier...) I have stepped inside this place (but she was right on... 4 Stars!)Every time I head down to the South Bay, I stop by this place...There's just something really cool about it... The smoothies are good (I usually get the Mocha Bianca with Pearls... (perfect for a hot day) or an Avocado shake (this really threw me the first time I heard of it... Avocado? Shake? huh? what next Lima Bean Shake? Brussel Sprouts Shake? ...But it works! ...it's sweet and delicious. Try one!) ...or hot espresso drinks on a cold night... The sandwiches are also good...  So... what's cool about it?... a lot of stuff... a big main area with a lot of tables... an outside area with tables for really hot days or warm nights.... a great piano (which patrons will occasionally plop down in front of and play a tune or two)... a bunch of TV screens to watch your favorite sports event or CNN...  It's main patrons are culled from the abundant Vietnamese community in the area... you'll usually be surrounded by families enjoying a get-together or singles stopping by after a date... also students doing homework or just chatting... there's chess games... card games... it's just a really relaxing place to park for an hour or two...  I love working on my computer, surrounded by the steady flow of conversation... it reminds me of my fantastic trip to Vietnam....oh... one more bonus... I'm actually at Coffee Lovers right now... so... (I'll connect the dots) .... FREE WIRELESS!!!! Yahtze! (...and one more star!)
<review# 2773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2005,8/3/2006,426,592,3,2,2>Going by the fact Gelato places are few and far between in the Yay, I'll truly take what I can get.  But you soon realize that this 5ft square store brings you to new heights of bliss...flavors galore and a nice selection of Fat Free sorbets for those who supersize their bigmac too often.  The service can blow when there's a line out the door but it's worth it.  Prices are ok, not great...$2.90 for a small, $4.50 for a medium...I don't know what a large costs since I'm trying to keep my girlish figure.
<review# 2774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2006,8/2/2006,50,100,11,1,1>GROCERY LIST:Strawberry MochiTwo Buck Chuck (Cabernet)Vanilla Silk& Chickenless Chicken nuggetsIf they sold jeans here I'd never shop anywhere else.
<review# 2775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2005,8/1/2006,1095,3855,2,13,4>Too bad I can't give this place 10-stars. It's THE absolute BEST spa I've been to in the Bay Area. I stand corrected. I thought the Claremont Spa was the best, but no, Burke Williams is really spectacular. The moment you step into the lobby you know you will be pampered here. The attendant leads you into an oasis where everything is in its place. The attendant gives you a tour (if it's your first time). A locker is assigned and you're greeted with a thick terry robe, slippers and a towel. I started off by showering and then sinking into the bubbling spa. Immediately I felt the stress of the week start to wash away. The temperature of the spa wasn't too hot which was good because otherwise, I wouldn't have lasted the 10 minutes. There is a cool misting room for you to enjoy after the hot spa. I then dried off and sat down in one of the comfortable armchairs to wait for my therapist. The massage itself was excellent. I even fell asleep which reflected upon how good my therapist was in relaxing me. I stepped into the steam room afterwards waiting for the oil from the massage to soak into my skin. There are cucumbers for your eyes too if you want them as well as cold icy towels. I had a shower after (showers all have a shower head and 2 jets strategically located) and the bath area was fully equipped with items like razors, shaving cream/gel, bath gel, shampoo, conditioner and lots of towels. There are cool towels infused in some herbal concotion which I forget, but are for refreshing your face. I drank lots of water, got dressed, helped myself to some fruit from the fruit bowls situated around the spa and walked out feeling wonderfully refreshed. Will definitely go back again.UPDATE: Have been here a few times now since I wrote the review and it's still awesome!UPDATE: Last time I went was a treat for my birthday. My massage therapist felt like he was new to the game. The massage was a bit disjointed. My friend said the same thing about her therapist. I've figured out that when I've gone on a weekday, I've always received excellent service. This time it was a weekend and the place was filled with people. I've come to the conclusion that perhaps they hire extra help on the weekends and maybe some of the therapists are not as seasoned as the usual ones. I'm not going on a weekend again!
<review# 2776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2006,7/31/2006,101,19,,2,2>Greatest bike shop ever!  Expertise in service/repair of both road and mountain bikes, intimate knowledge of MTB trails in the area and in NorCal in general, and a cool place to hang out and chat.  Charles only carries equipment he knows to be reliable and of quality (my guess).  There is also the "break room" in the back where a kegerator exists to quench the thirst of all who need relief.  Competition quality bicycles are available as well as the parts to bring any other bike up a knotch or two.I am so fortunate that this shop hidden away on Old County is so close to my house.  They need a neon sign on El Camino (near "The Van's" resturant) showing folks that don't know about this awesome shop!
<review# 2777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2006,12/8/2006,28,43,1,2,2>Both times that I've had the Kaiseki have been simply amazing and perfect.  The presentation is simple yet superb.  Kaygetsu has refined the balancing of flavors while maintaining a clear focus on each dish.  Also, the sushi selections and sake pairings are solid.The restaurant itself is very unassuming and may in fact understate the quality of the food.  Remember, Kaygetsu is a fine dining experience, so you'll be dining for more than an hour.  Enjoy the experience with a group of friends and you'll have a wonderful evening!
<review# 2778,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2006,12/7/2006,34,34,2,2,2>As sung back in high school the mid 90's, "Old Man Cho, oh what do you Know old man Cho?"  The hottest and steamiest (if that's a word) pork buns that I've seen!This little dump in the middle of computer engineer country ahem I mean Palo Alto or Shallow Alto for those who live there, still makes the best pork buns ever.  The dough is like fluffy clouds of warm goodness and the tender and flavorful pork filling is amazing!  My dad first took me here to teach a nice young Jew the first lesson in traif and what a fine lesson indeed!I frequented this dive when I was a teenager in high school because on a allowance of $10/wk these meals were affordable.  $3 for a bowl of buns or dumplings.  Today, I went there to pick up a bun for old times sake since I'm studying like crazy for my entrance exam for B-school I figure it used to work then it might work now to keep me satisfied while studying.  It sure did! I tend to not sample the menu, the whole 8 items that are on there.  I just stick to 2 things.Old Man Cho still hooks it up and doesn't charge the $0.15 per bag, although it's posted for charge.
<review# 2779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2006,12/6/2006,25,125,4,10,4>When you want all-you-can-eat Mongolian done your way, there is no better place than Su's. And they are not kidding about the all-you-can-eat. Most places with the buffet style screw you over by taking a while to replace the food items to slow you down, but Su's doesn't need to resort to such gimmicks. They're that good. To make the experience even better, I've put together a process of how to operate at Su's for the noobs:1. You walk in, get in line (there is ALWAYS a line), grab a couple bowls (yes, two bowls), and wait to get to the meat counter. I can't stress this enough. Avoid the first counter setup by the bowls - you'll want to get to that last. 2. Now load up one bowl with meat - chicken, beef, pork (or all three), and use the second bowl to crush the frozen meat down as much as possible. Really put your back into it. Once thats done, add more meat. Repeat until the bowl is jam-packed with meat and is starting to feel heavy.3. Load the empty bowl with veggies of all sorts according to your preference.4. Come around the corner, now you're at the condiments and oils section. There's a couple of posted oil recipes on the counter, but don't be afraid to experiment. Lather it on to BOTH bowls. Suggestions: don't go crazy with the hot stuff unless you're going to have a side of Imodium for dessert. Further, don't be shy with the garlic and ginger or the cooking wine - it'll all burn off on the stove in a few minutes.5. When you get to the counter, hand the men your bowls. The food is cooked on a circular hot stove of rather gigantic proportions, and you'll be happy you crammed in the meats when you see them whaling on the bowl to get it out. Also, you'll see other patrons who weren't quite as savvy and didn't load up on the meat looking dejected at their own paltry portions and envious at yours.6. Once the food is cooked it'll get scooped back into ONE bowl, and handed back to you. Now grab a drink as you pass the cooler, and don't forget to get some paper napkins from the counter.7. Drop the food and drink off at your table (sit anywhere), then come back to the first counter that I told you to avoid in the beginning. Egg rolls, noodles, and other starch staples are on this counter. Load up here as well, into a new bowl. This time you don't have to wait in line, just go around them and people will let you through.8. Head back to the table, start chowing down. If you come back for seconds, you're hungry. Repeat 1-8.They take plastic, parking can be a little tough around lunchtime, but the street next to Su's stripmall is a pretty safe bet. Excellent food, excellent price. I highly recommend Su's - you won't leave hungry, ever.
<review# 2780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2006,12/5/2006,121,584,8,1,4>So, I'm on this Jenny Craig diet to loose a few pounds childbirth (blame the kids who are teens now), workplace candy bowls (they Force me to eat it), and middle age (gasp!) has saddled me with. Now, my son comes home from Marine boot camp and announces he wants to eat out EVERY NIGHT until he goes back and has this list of restaurants to go to, Cheesecake Factory at Oakridge being one of them. Ok. I get the award for the most easy-going, well-rounded mom in the world (no pun intended).So, we go.  Now, I know I wrote a not-too-sterling review of the Valley Fair location because, well, basically it sucked. I have to say, if you are going to eat here, do not consume any other food for a whole 24 hours before hand. The menu has "ads" (I kid you not) and is the size of Glen Ellen's phone book. I get a little confused with so many choices...must be my age and the diet food. But, I finally settled on an appetizer of corn cakes with a salsa on it and it was delicious! My son had fish and chips and I still can't believe he ate the whole thing as well as an oreo cheesecake chocolate dessert. I had one bite of that dessert and gained 5 pounds on the spot. The service was pretty good too. They loose some points for the garish decor (like some midwest stencil queen you see on access tv  gone wild) and the ads in the menu. Food was great even the second time we went there in the two weeks he was home! And, now that my son is back in training, I am fasting like its Lent.
<review# 2781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2006,12/4/2006,449,368,14,9,10>I'm the type who likes to experiment with varying hairstyles all the time. Basically, what I do is bring in pics of Asian celebrities to the salons, and see who can imitate them most faithfully. Obviously, face-wise, I leave a lot to be desired in comparison to the superstars, but at least I try to be halfway there.I've sampled various haircutting shops in all the Chinese neighborhoods, from SF Chinatown, SF Irving, SF Clement, SF Noriega, Oakland Chinatown, Cupertino, to Milpitas, and most were fairly decent, but none could replicate the exact photographs to a tee... until now.One day, I just picked a random spot in this massive Milpitas Square mall (there are probably five or six salons here). The first person to greet me was a lady named Eva. She kindly escorted me to the back for a quick wash, and then brought me to the seat. When she asked what style I preferred, I provided a picture of the hot star at the time, and without hesitation, she started chopping away.The conversation was simple and minimal, but enough to prevent any awkward moments of complete silence. Before I knew it,  half an hour had passed, and... boom!It looked like I just walked off the set of the newest HK pop music video. As the cliche goes, needless to say, I have never had to look for another shop since that fateful afternoon last year. From that day forward, I have thrown at her pictures of Nicholas Tse (HK singer/actor), Min Woo (member of Kr boyband, Shinhwa), and Yoji Harada (Miami Ink), and Eva has never failed in helping me become the supah stah that I really am.Prices are dirt cheap. Wash and cut is only twenty bucks. The only bad thing is that their mousse and gel tend to be a bit on the high end, but then again, there is always Sally... that girl.*edit* 1/2 Since Eva is now gone for maternity leave, I had to use a different stylist, and his name is Joe. WOW, simply amazing. My locks have never looked this fly. I think I have found a new hair dresser. I'm sorry, Eva. It's been fun, but I think our relationship has now run its course.
<review# 2782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2006,12/3/2006,324,246,4,3,6>NOTE: I have worked here are a waiter.  (Now I work at Yelp: go figure!)First off, I grew up in Chicago.  This is not an "authentic" pizza, but rather a Chicago-style pan pizza served in a Chicago-themed restaurant.  I always felt like if the Tralfamadorans had kidnapped me and tried to re-create my native habitat, they'd have ended up with something like Pizz'a Chicago.When I have eaten here as a customer, the service was not always the best.  I know from personal experience that the manager takes the challenge of cleanliness very seriously, and I am very comfortable eating the food here.  The pizza is tasty: I recommend extra sauce and they take pride on having found a delicious soy cheese, which is worth trying out just because.  The Chicago Fire is always a favorite.  In my observation, they have always done well at handling peak periods for dine-in, carry-out, and delivery.I also like the cheesy garlic bread.  Dip that in the marinara and you've got something nice to warm your belly while you wait for your pizza.You can also call ahead and have your pizza half-baked for your arrival, cutting service to 10-15 minutes.And, last, they have catered quite a few larger crowds, in the main dining area during slow periods, and in the side room when need be. If you can call at least a day ahead (ideally, a week or more) for a large party, the manager will may try to staff an extra server to ensure your party are served well.I love the crust, and the sauce.NB: The name is meant to evoke "piece of Chicago" in a Chicaga accent: "peese-ah-shi-ca-ga" . . . though, it has been observed that "Pizza Chicano" would also be an apt name, given the folks who work to make your deep-dish pizza happen. :)
<review# 2783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2006,12/2/2006,97,206,2,9,6>I LOVE MY HAIR!!!!  I've never had long hair before, so I've been growing it out the past 8 months.  Do you know what a pain in the ass that is?  So, I decided to get extensions.  The best (hair) decision I've ever made in my life!So I started researching...and I started looking around.  There are A LOT of bad extensions out there.  (Just like there are bad haircuts out there).  So I started freaking out.But then I met Kim at Egomechanix.  She definitely knows what she's talking about and definitely knows what she's doing.  And she's super sweet!!!  Have you ever gone to a hair stylist that talks your ear off and after the appointment you're just so exhausted you have to take a nap to give your brain a rest?  I have.  Or have you ever been to a stylist who just sees you as a head of hair and doesn't even try to get to know you?  I have.  Kim is just perfect...fun and easy to talk to.  But knew just when to let me zone out.  Hair Heaven!The staff is wonderful.  Everyone is super friendly and always making sure I was okay..."would you like another drink?" or "would like something to eat?"  So cool...and entertaining!  Someone is always telling a story...freakin' hilarious.How cool is this?  You sit in a massage chair as you get your hair washed.  Again...Hair Heaven.The Price?  I think it's comparable to other salons...and well worth it.  You're investing in your hair!  It's something you have to look at in the mirror every day!  So stop bitching and pay up!So, after 4 blissful hours I have beautiful long hair.  I went out to Santana Row last night and I got tons of compliments about my new SEXY hair...from both guys and girls.  Needless to say, my husband was keeping a close eye on me last night.  :)I AM PROUD TO BE A POSTER CHILD FOR EGOMECHANIX!UPDATE:  So, one year later...and 3 sets of extensions later...my hair is long, and full, and beautiful!  Kim gave me a fantastic cut & I love my hair now.  Thank God I  didn't have to go through that horrible in between stage.  Thanks Kim!
<review# 2784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2006,12/1/2006,6,37,,3,3>I LOVE HENRY'S!!!  It is sooo much fun.  At first glance the place looks a little sketchy, but the sketchyness becomes part of its charm.  There is indeed a mysterious box in the bar area from which one must take a number.  Nobody seems to quite know what this number means except the people that work there, but it is apparently an integral part of the Henry's machinery.  It is pleasant to sit in the bar before dinner, sipping delicious alcoholic beverages, and gazing fixedly at a large portrait of what appears to be Henry himself.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the food.  First is a salad, and I suggest the house dressing, the "continental" which appears to be a mix of blue cheese and some sort of vinegrette.  THE BEST PART is the delicious bread!  A giant basket of never-ending bread covered in butter with a big bowl of amazing bbq dipping sauce!  You will find yourself dreaming of this bread.  Next I would recommend the teriyaki chicken or bbq chicken.  (i don't eat red meat)  The teriyaki is an excellent choice for me because it is boneless and I don't have to take the time to eat around the bone :)  It also comes with the best baked potato EVER with yummy buttery cheese sour-creamy goodness.  The staff is all very friendly too! 5 hearty stars!
<review# 2785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2006,11/30/2006,0,0,2,7,6>I have never had threading done before but I happened to catch the previous entry on here while browsing.  Joanne V's five star entry was enough to have me call Deepa up.  So I went.  Her setup is quaint and when you call, you might think you have the wrong number, but you don't - don't worry.So i went in, sat in the chair, held my brow tight - felt that horribly good pain as she threaded my eyebrows and upper lip.. and oh my god can I just say THEY HAVE NEVER LOOKED BETTER!!!! I SWEAR I WILL NEVER EVER EVER GO BACK TO WAXING!!!  The price can't be beat and she does an AMAZING JOB!My brows have an amazing arch...  and its sooo cleanIt hurt like a bitch, but it was WELL WORTH IT! The fact that she's literally 2 minutes down the street from my work makes it so much better.  She's an absolute miracle worker.  CALL HER NOW!  ITS NO LIE, this woman seriously rocksUpdate:   I haven't been back to Deepa in a little while - been plucking and its not going so well - mostly because my wallet has been E-M-P-T-Y... but I just wanted to clarify that DEEPA IS THE BEST and I'm so so so so HAPPY that Yelp has made that clear.  I want to say BOO to that cowgirl chick who posted a bad review.  its not about the atmosphere of the place.  I find it sad that girl has only written one Yelp review and it was only to badmouth Deepa who clearly has only received nothing but stellar reviews.Deepa, you'll be seeing me as soon as my income tax comes in!! :)
<review# 2786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2006,11/29/2006,108,243,3,12,4>If you are looking for a relaxed or upscale dining experience, Masala Grill is definitely not the place to go.  However, if you want really tasty food and you don't mind the type of place where you order at the counter, pick up a stack of plates, and then crowd six people around a table meant for two (or bump into others who are doing so), you might find something of value here.  Being located right next to Naz Cinema, it's a great place to munch and gossip after a Bollywood flick.I have never been let down by the food at Masala Grill.  The ginger prawns seem to be prepared a different way each time, but whatever they do, they do it well.  The menu features North Indian food as well as "Indian Chinese," including hakka noodles and vegetable manchurian (spicy, doughy balls in a curry sauce).  The garlic & cilantro naan and biryani are spectacular.As I said, ambiance is not a forte here.  The place is pretty cluttered, and sometimes the utensils and plates seem like they haven't been properly cleaned.  I have had a mildly upset stomach a couple of times, but it was well worth it given the taste of the food.  Note that the restaurant is closed for a couple of hours between lunch and dinner.
<review# 2787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,6/24/2011,198,267,15,17,12>I can't believe I've never been to a drive-in until now! The price is cheap compared to movie theaters and even cheaper on Tuesdays for $4.75 per person :) I also enjoyed the privacy of being in my own car...no one chattering behind you, invading your personal space, or kicking your seat. And best of all, being able to bring in your own food and dress like a complete bum, woohoo! Since the location is near a railroad, the trains that go by occasionally can be distracting. As are the people who roam around outside of their cars.For first timers, the entrance can be kind of a clusterf*ck, as there are multiple lanes with signs above that might send you into a panic that you are in the wrong line for the wrong movie. But rest assured, any lane is fine :)
<review# 2788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,6/23/2011,490,412,13,18,14>One word best describes Race Street Fish and Poultry.Institution. You don't get to be an institution without consistency, and Race Street is consistent.  Consistent high quality, consistent customer service, and consistent high prices.  With the proliferation of Asian grocers, Race can't seem to keep up with the prices that are charged elsewhere, but with the clientele they serve, service, cleanliness, and quality overshadows the premium prices.I usually go here to eat lunch.  Half of the store is dedicated to freshly cooked seafood, where fried and grilled foods dominate.  Last time out I had half fish and chips, half soft shell crab, with a side of cole slaw.  Oh man...upon biting into the deep fried goodness of crustacean and fish, I forgot about price and indulged in superb seafood satisfaction.  Totally worth any premium price.This institution is a keeper.
<review# 2789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/22/2011,854,542,24,18,22>I have a tarnished karma.And by tarnished, I mean to say "shrouded in blackness and devoid of even the faintest glimmer of positivity or hope".But one day, as I walked these grimey downtown San Jose streets wallowing in a melancholic air, I stopped into Good Karma, partly seeking redemption, partly looking to sate my appetite.I found the latter in the form of a hot plate of spicy basil tofu, chana masala, & brown rice (accompanied, of course, with a goblet of Tripel Karmeliet.) There's such a richness of flavor and texture to the food; coupled with any one of their chase beers (Duchess de Bourgogne on tap? YES!), you're due to have a really enjoyable and hearty meal.Now, I might not have found redemption for my dark dark soul, but its an undeniably uplifting atmosphere facilitated by some of the friendliest, spritely, good natured staff you can find anywhere downtown. The constancy of genuine positivity is contagious; I, in all seriousness, feel better after going here. Appetite sated, mood elevated, optimism rekindled.The decor is a little bit granola-meets-Haight which might put off some people, but I'd implore you to give it a go.Good food. Good drink. Good people. Good Karma.What more do you need to know?________________________________________No amount of soul-cleansing Karma will help me, but at least I won't go hungry...
<review# 2790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,6/21/2011,443,285,6,11,9>Had dinner here last night with my favorite dining buddies...and once again, we were quite satisfied. Especially since our waitress, Yeji, was incredibly sweet and completely attentive towards us. I can't help but love and appreciate great service!We started off with a side of Seaweed Salad and the Tuna Tataki which was thinly sliced seared tuna mixed with green onions, bits of daikon, and ponzu sauce. It was amazingly delicious! Texture and taste was really good - definitely a must try!For our main entrees, we had a plate of chicken katsu, the Super Spider Roll and the Butterfly Roll. All were extremely yummy and rolls were fairly large - great for sharing. To top off the night, after paying our bill, our waitress asked if we had time to stay a few extra minutes to enjoy some complimentary green tea and strawberry mochi. Whaaa?? Of course we had time! =D She told us that each waiter/waitress gets to pick a table dining here last night to receive some complimentary dessert and she had chosen us! Woohooo! I love mochi and I was psyched that she picked us! Definitely made my night!Yummy food and fabulous service. No complaints here :)
<review# 2791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,6/20/2011,290,302,8,14,10>Friends of our's had been raving about Tigelleria for ages so we decided to try it out this week. I'm glad we did too. It was a real surprise and it's now our new favorite local restaurant. It's not on the main strip so I didn't even know it existed till the other week! Once inside you'll find it cozy but not so small that the tables are jam packed together. Our server Jessica, was super friendly and did a great job of taking care of us.To start with, we shared the Amarcord cutting board. The meats were gorgeous - espeically the prosciotto, but the highlight for me was definetely the roasted zucchini and the wildflowers honey. Mmmmm. As if it couldn't get any better, I ordered the homemade organic ravioli stuffed with wild boar. Thats right. Wild boar! It was some of the nicest pasta I have eaten in years. Very meaty. Filling. And so goddamn tasty. The mushroom, cream and white wine sauce finished it off beautifully. I was sad when I finished my plate. For real. JZ has a wonderfully baked chicken breast cooked with fresh mozzarella and grilled vegetables. The pesto sauce it came with was also top notch and super tasty. Unfortunately, we ate so much we didn't have room to try out the desserts - we will next time though :)The food doesn't come out quickly because I think they are preparing it fresh backstage, but the ambience and nice selection of Italien wines makes the wait more than worthwhile. Come. Experience. Enjoy. We will again!
<review# 2792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,6/19/2011,128,154,8,9,8>The Good: Delicious food. Chicken & Waffles, excellent ribs, reasonably priced.  Great character.The Bad: Loooong wait (Friday night).The Review: I saw Lillie Mae's in the "Hot on Yelp" section and knew I had to try it out.  I've been wanting to try some good Soul Food close by, and they did not disappoint.  Me and a friend of mine went on a Friday night.  It was pretty packed, and from the moment we walked in, it took us about 1 hour to order and get our food.  Let me tell you, it was well worth it.  I've always wanted to try Chicken & Waffles, so I ordered that w/ a side of Sweet Potato Fries.  My buddy ordered the Ribs/Fried Chicken w/ a side of fries and potato salad (they were out of mac n' cheese).I really enjoyed my food.  The waffles came with a perfect warm maple syrup.  The chicken was crispy, and had a different flavor than that of KFC and other fried chicken places I've had.  It was really good.  The sweet potato fries weren't anything to write home about, but that's not to say they weren't good, just not special.  I tried a piece of my friend's ribs, man was it good.  The bones were very meaty and they were prepared extremely well.The prices were very good considering the quality of the food: Chicken & Waffles was $10, the Ribs/Fried Chicken was around $15.  I will definitely go back, next time I want to try the Ribs/Hot Link w/ collard greens and mac n' cheese.This place had tons of character.  I'm not sure what it was before this, but the wood cabin ambiance and homestyle setting fit well with the food.  They also had stuff that just winked at stereotypes like "Ghetto Grape Kool-Aid."  I bet the ingredients were "sugar, water, purple."  Loved it.
<review# 2793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,6/18/2011,146,142,6,10,9>I think most people would agree that customer service and a personal touch are a thing of the past. I'm happy to say, NOT AT MARIANI'S!!! Every staff member I met blew me away with their friendliness & great customer service with a smile.So sad to see some mediocre Yelp reviews for this unique, family owned, landmark restaurant/inn (built in 1953). I guess because this is not your typical, cookie cutter, trendy, every-strip-mall-in-America business it doesn't rate too well with some folks. Certainly, Mariani's 'mom & pop' style did not go unappreciated by me. Dined here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the old fashioned and very elegant dining room. I enjoyed the entire meal and was more than happy with my Chicken Marsala lunch choice....YUM! Glad I gave Mariani's a try. Soooo looking forward to going back for their famous Sunday Champagne Brunch!
<review# 2794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,6/17/2011,967,1207,15,17,17>Did I hear you say Sangria?!?!?!?So I hear that someone makes better sangria than I do.... nah! But I just had to roll through to check it out.. and who better to roll with than the SBC to put these folks to the test. GREAT IDEA!We pretty much tried everything on the happy hour menu along with more drinks and more drinks. The chicken wings.. all three flavors were great! I love mushrooms.... and you know whats better than mushrooms.... stuffed mushrooms!!! The sweet potato fries helped absorb some of the alcohol. Both the fresh and fried spring rolls were good and provided enough sauce for all our other deep fried greatness. *drool*;D
<review# 2795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,6/16/2011,378,778,7,14,13>This place is awesome! I am so glad I was introduced to it by a dear Yelp friend a few weeks back. I love that they have a side patio to sit at and eat your food and a whole parking lot available for their customers. The raviolis are awesome!! They put my Italian Mama's homemade raviolis to shame I am afraid to say. La Villa makes theirs super soft! My two friends and I shared a pint of the raviolis plus a Meat Arancini which was pretty tasty! I was glad I got a chance to try it. We ordered a few things to share plus a salad which came out to a little less then $30 for the 3 of us. A great dinner for less then $10 each! Needless to say, we were STUFFED and were not able to finish all of the items we bought in one sitting. A great find and a place I can't wait to go back to over and over again to try their delicious delicacies. Plus the people that work here are super nice and totally rock!
<review# 2796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,6/15/2011,428,2224,12,19,19>Shadowbrook where i fell in love with orange rolls where i would marvel at the elevator and wait for it when i was fourwhere i learned to appreciate nice meals overlooking the riverwhere i had brunch with my boyfriend's family and i realized we were serious where I got an ROTDwhere on October 9, 2010 I was proposed to after a delicious meal of artichoke soup, porcini mushroom ravioli, and their amazing chocolate torte with raspberry sauce...and on point customer service   WOOOOOT!
<review# 2797,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2009,7/4/2009,226,185,13,14,16>Wouldn't you have to agree that the south bay lacks great non- chain breakfast spots?  The breakfast options in my neck of the woods in San Jose only seem to be McDonalds, Denny's, Carrow's...Thanks to Yelp iPhone application, my boyfriend and I found a solid mom and pop breakfast joint!When I walked in I was a bit taken aback by the questionable decor.  Sure, it looks like the remains of the Oregon Trail threw up on the wall.  But hey, that's their theme-- to each their own.  Once you get past that, you're greeted by their friendly and hardworking staff who are eager to help out newbies such as myself.The menu is vast ranging from your general breakfast items to your extreme options such as buffalo! My boyfriend and I chose two normal breakfast meals and whoa! We were surprised how large their portions are.  2 meals can easily feed 5 hungry people! My meal here was a bajillion times more satisfying than any breakfast item I've had at a chain diner or fast food joint.  Thanks to yelp, A Bite of Wyoming Coffee Shop now has another loyal patron!  I def recommend checking them out for some good ol' lil house on the prairie eats and service with a smile at very affordable prices.
<review# 2798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,7/3/2009,222,319,11,13,13>A quick dinner with a friend led us to Minh's. I had not been to Minh's in a while and we were both looking for something fresh and not heavy to eat. We ordered the Banh Tom (deep fried shrimp cakes) as an appetizer and the Cha Ca Thanh Long (sizzling catfish skewers) which is usually their popular dish.Banh Tom: These are usually made as a nest of julienned yam with an unshelled shrimp sitting atop it. Then they cut it into quarter pieces and served with the usual lettuce, mint, and parsley compliments. Golden brown and crispy, we wrapped our banh tom in lettuce with sprigs of mint and parsley and dipped it into the nuoc mam (fish sauce). Delicious!Cha Ca Thanh Long: The skewers of catfish came out on a sizzling platter with a clean paper towel draped over the platter. I forgot to do this but I usually put the accompanying dill sprigs immediately underneath the paper towel to add aromatics to the catfish. Oh well, it still tasted well. There is also additional mint and parsley, along with rice crackers and a side of mam nem (fermented anchovy sauce). You can customize everything as you so please. Flavorful and fresh.Great food and service here. I will come back for more Cha Ca.
<review# 2799,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2008,7/2/2009,697,211,22,23,22>Looking for a decent beach nearby SJ without having to drive too far? Seabright is here to cater to your day of fun in the sun. Had a beach day here for me and my brother's birthday a couple of weeks ago, I was expecting dingy waters with lots of garbage in the sands galore but it wasn't that bad (the water was still dingy though)...Expect ice cold waters since we're in Norcal, but you can warm up by the fire (only in pits). You can have bonfires here but the beach closes at 10pm. Seabright also has restrooms if you need to change - 'showers' are located outside though.I love the fact that it's just a skip and a hop away from the boardwalk without having to deal with the crowd in that area, which means you have the option of going there once you get bored with fending your food from voracious seagulls.All in all, a good jolly place for kids and adults alike.P.S. If you fell in a 5ft deep hole in the sand, that was my nephew's doing. Sorry!
<review# 2800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,6/30/2009,207,317,9,11,11>Some friends and I went here for a late lunch today. Finding a table was no problem, as not many other people were there.I had trouble deciding between all of the options: hot sandwiches, hot meals, salads, cold sandwiches, crepes (sweet or savory), etc. I ended up picking ingredients for my own cold sandwich: wheat bread, turkey, tomato, lettuce, and avocado. I was expecting cold deli turkey and was VERY surprised when I bit into warm real slices of turkey on a sandwich. At $8.55, it was a little pricey for a sandwich, but it was definitely tasty.The chef gave us a chocolate mousse to share, and it was just chocolatey enough to satisfy my sweet tooth.I enjoyed the atmosphere: French music, high ceilings, and friendly employees. It was a little chilly inside due to the open door, but when we asked them to shut the door, they did so with no hesitation, and the temperature was a lot better after.I eyed my friend's breakfast burrito the whole time, so I think I'm going to have to try their brunch sometime.Looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 2801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2008,6/29/2009,294,926,11,17,16>Celebrate a great new casual Vietnamese lunch spot we stumbled on on the way to our usual Whole Foods! Saw the sign and called an audible to try it today. Apparently it just opened a few days ago on Sunday November 16th. :-) Cost to worth it ratio: 3 (pho around $7, bun around $8) Eve award: best grilled Vietnamese pork Highlights: - Bun (rice vermicelli): Pork was amazing! And I'm picky about my bun bowls. This Vietnamese pork was one of the best I've had--tender, juicy, lean, grill marks, and excellent flavors with a noticeable addition of lemongrass. Often times I get chewy, dry, fatty, or not well seasoned pork pieces, but not here! Shrimp was good as well with 3 full pieces--not butterflied. - Location: right next to Marina behind BofA on the corner of De Anza and Sunnyvale-Saratoga - Atmosphere: very casual and simple, but a sit down place. Kind of one step up from a tung kee noodle place. - Pho: I didn't have any due to the warm weather lately, but it seemed pretty standard with a good amount of options and a choice of small or large. Lowlights (my flip side to highlights): - None so far--just hope they can keep up the great quality pork and the rest of the items on the menu are as good as what I had... Excellent find that made my boring ole Tuesday! We have it on our permanent lunch spot list and intend to frequent it often--especially in the colder weather times when we're craving some pho.
<review# 2802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,6/28/2009,880,513,17,17,15>Don't believe the nay sayers. This place is freakin' awesome just make sure you come hungry. All you can eat Korean BBQ!!! $15+ for lunch $23+ for dinner, the meat alone will cover most of that if you go purchase it yourself. It can be a little bit more on the pricey side if you come with a large party and order beer and soju. Mmmm soju + beer = excellent with Korean BBQ. Life doesn't get any better, believe it!Pretty simple really; the friendly a-ga-shees, or a-jun-mas seat at a table with a integrated propane grill in the center, take your drink orders, you get up, grab a plate (or 2 or 3 in my case), pile it on with meats you want to cook, and/or different arrays of entrees and appetizers they offer, go back to your table, cook the meats on the grill, go get more meats. Easy!Look, if your complaining about cooking the meat yourself, you obviously cannot cook or clueless about cooking meat. If you want to be on the save side bring a Korean along with you that knows what he/she is doing. I will offer my cooking services at Palace if you pay for my meal, soju, beer. Serious. =PMy personal favorite: bulgogi, kal bi, spicy calamari, baby octopussies, (At first I typed baby pussies but that sounded hella pedo. LOL! -___-;), pork belly, (mmm pork belly), and sliced tongue. (you know the ironic thing about tongue it's rather tastey). One of the few times I'm genuinely happy is a face full of grilled meat.The only downside is they don't have tables that can accommodate more than 5-6 people so you'll need to be seated separately, but they'll seat you in the same area so you are just steps from one another.
<review# 2803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2009,6/27/2009,410,351,23,25,24>Some of you may be saying, "What's a girl like you doing in a place like this?" To that I say, "Smokin' a cigar. Are we gonna have a problem, gentlemen?"Actually, none of that was said at WCC, where I was warmly welcomed by the staff and could talk low-pressure style about cigars. We're waiting on some more embargo releases as far as Cuba is concerned, still, the excitement is palatable. Equally pleasing to the taste buds were the cigars I tried (only two), but of very fine quality. My keen sense of smell rarely leads me astray, as it was with the cigars here. I loved the small-home-converted-shop and the decor. The patrons looked a little like the Old Boy's Club, but that's where I feel most at home.Thanks, folks, for organizing your UYE here... I had a blast, ate waaay too much, met some awesome people and tried something I've always wanted to try: a damn fine cigar.
<review# 2804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,6/26/2009,849,1374,14,19,15>Ever since I read THEIR BALLS ARE INDEED GOLDEN in Dan B.'s review, I've been fixated on visiting The Golden Falafel Balls. Except I kept misquoting it, and I've been calling the place, GOLDEN BALLS OF DELICIOUSNESS. My version sounds like an American porno that's been translated into Japanese.I had the $9 Veggie Combo plate. That included six falafel balls, hummus, baba ganoush, pita, and a cup of pickles and peppers. The falafel balls were very slightly oily but the insides were perfect. They were cooked to order and piping hot with a nice crust, without being too hard or dry. (Take it from me, no one wants dried out, hardened balls.) Unfortunately the hummus was on the bland side, but the baba ganoush was good. (However, they didn't hold a candle to the garlicky versions at Gourmet Express.) These sides were attractively garnished - it seems weird to mention but they really were. The pickles and peppers were definitely needed because there just wasn't enough variety on the plate, and my palate called out for something with a little kick. The combo came with thick Israel-style pita, which was fresh and possibly house-made (which puts it a step above many other Mediterranean places). There is a glossary of foods on the wall, about as big as the posted menu, describing hummus and the like to the uninitiated.If you want some GOLDEN BALLS OF DELICIOUSNESS in your mouth of your own, you should know that this place is a little tricky to find. In fact, I missed it the first time. Although the address is on Stevens Creek, the storefront faces Cabot.Not including places that I have on my Turkish, Persian, or Afghan lists...Kathleen's Israeli/Middle Eastern/Falafel/Greek Rankings:1) Gourmet Express, Milpitas2) La Mediterranee, Berkeley3) Holy Land, Berkeley4) Shai's, Kensington (closed)5) THE GOLDEN FALAFEL BALLS, SANTA CLARA6) Falafel's Drive-In, San Jose7) Athena Grill, Santa Clara8) Cafe Nefeli, Berkeley9) Sinbad Mediterranean Cuisine, San Mateo10) Armenian Gourmet, Sunnyvale11) Jerusalem, Santa Clara12) Old Ironsides Cafe, Santa Clara13) Daphne's, Sunnyvale14) Falafel Bite, Sunnyvale15) Olives Greek Cafe, San Jose16) Krivaar, San Francisco17) Pita Pit, San Jose
<review# 2805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,6/25/2009,1071,862,28,27,30>Still loving Vain! I have gotten so many compliments on my new cut and highlights! Bobby continues to make me look fabulous! Now my whole family looks fabulous because of Vain! Because of Bobby- my man no longer looks like a cholo! Bobby gave his hair some stylo! Sara U.  gave my daughter  a funky side swept bang and threw in some highlights, then toned it out to a cool red shade. My daughter is the envy of all her classmates! Sara even managed to get my three year old to sit in her chair without crying! Now he's the heartthrob of all the daycare honeys! Gotta give props to Danielle and Tina for giving killer blow outs and putting up with the hair monster familia. I love Vain!
<review# 2806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,6/24/2009,994,993,41,53,52>I recently visited Alexander's and had such a great experience, I decided to recap it on Yelp.My server, Josh R. (there are four guys named Josh on staff) was a certified sommelier who was very knowledgeable when it came to wines and all those drinks that make alcoholics feel classy.  I was about to order a glass of Riesling, when he asked if it was a special occasion (for my visit). I answered:"Not really. Well, sort of. I made the cover of the Metro.""Why?" he asked."Oh, for karaoke."He then says, "Well, then it's a celebration. Let me present you with two complimentary glasses of champagne."This was the beginning of a fabulous evening.My date and I ordered a shot of hamachi each. It was fabulous. A real explosion of flavor in my mouth. And the rest of the meal was no exception.As we waited for our main courses, Josh and his assistant would bring little bites of this or that, of which I cannot pronounce, but it was all delicious. I liked the fact that every time something new came out, there was a description as to what I was about eat. Of course, I was too busy eating to remember what the servers were saying.The main course was fabulous (for the both of us). An assistant chef came out and described every dish in detail. I am glad he took the time to do this.My date had the Mongolian lamb and it was outrageously good. It had some spice to it. It did not taste like lamb much, which can be a good thing to those who hate the taste of lamb. I don't mind either way, but the most important thing is that the lamb tastes good and well, it tasted great at Alexander's.I had the 10-ounce filet mignon. It was a great cut of beef, with a lot of flavor and a bit of shitake mushrooms. Honestly, it's the best steak I have had in the Bay Area. The sides we choose were the mac n' cheese and the crimini mushrooms. They were also awesome.For dessert, Josh brought out a complimentary piece of chocolate mousse cake and on the plate, "Congratulations" was written out in chocolate. Nice touch.We also purchased their cheesecake, which was called the "Midnight Train." It was good, but it a bit underwhelming compared to how awesome the rest of the meal was.And of course, at the end of the meal, a complimentary cotton candy. I felt like a kid again. A really, really fat kid.The service was awesome here. The hostesses was nice enough to check my jacket, even though I never asked. One person walked me to a restroom. Of course, Josh R. and his assistant rocked.  What I liked most is that he made me feel comfortable in an upscale restaurant and never once tried to "upsell" me. He had his opportunities and never took them. He was more concerned with giving me the best restaurant experience I could have (without me having to spend extra money for it).And well, thanks to the amazing food and the stellar service, this is easily one of my all-time favorite restaurants. I'll definitely be back.Unfortunately, I am not nearly wealthy enough to eat here all the time. Maybe I should give up a night of booze or two, and just fork that money over towards a 10 oz. filet mignon from Alexander's.Either way, one expensive habit leads to another.
<review# 2807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,3/31/2013,1261,428,9,12,12>As I was waiting for my new tires to get installed over at the Sears Auto center, I found myself wanting to go check out what was new inside of Eastridge (since there always seems to be a new spot opening) and I came across this cupcake stand. The totally awesomely friendly ladies enticed me to stop there by offering a sample of their Oreo cupcake, which was 'effin delicious!!! They also offered to give me samples of any other cupcakes that I wanted to try out, but I didn't feel the need to since the first sample already convinced me I needed to get something. I was hoping to get the chocolate banana cupcake, but unfortunately they didn't have it so I opted for a good ol' red velvet cupcake. For the size and quality of the cupcake, I thought $3 wasn't too bad. They do currently have a deal where you buy 3 cupcakes you get the 4th free. As for the red velvet cupcake....AHHHMAAAZZIINNGG!!!!!! The cupcakes from this spot are definitely up there with some of my favorites, because the cake part was super moist and not overly sweetened. I also appreciated that the cream cheese frosting wasn't ridiculously sweet like the frosting at Sprinkles. Overall, if you're looking for some deliciously moist and perfectly made cupcakes with kick ass customer service, then Noonie Cakes is where you can find it.
<review# 2808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,3/30/2013,1078,821,8,18,11>You know a certain someone catches your attention? Well this is exactly how I felt about Paesano Ristorante Italiano. Several times passing by this place and never once had the opportunity to stopped by to dine. Suddenly I had a huge craving for Italian food and the first things that popped into my head was this restaurant located in the middle of nowhere.We ordered:- Guazzetto = our starter which consisted of clams and mussels with white wine in marinara sauce. This itself could be an entree dipped with their delicious complimentary bread.- Gnocchi Alla Genovese = homemade potato dumplings in pesto sauce. Completely a wonderful dish that I loved so much. I can eat gnocchi all day long!- Linguine Casareccia = such a divine dish with sun-dried tomato, capers, black olives, hot peppers, and fresh parsley. Felt good eating this dish without feeling overload. Seasoning was on point!I felt very homey coming into this restaurant, after all it does look like a house from the outside, but don't let that deceived you. Their decoration is great and so was their customer service. A perfect location for date night. Will be back here for more great eat!
<review# 2809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/29/2013,602,403,6,15,6>I came here again last week and experienced another great night out.   Sure, the service was a little on the slow side initially (we were seated at a table against the wall near another 2-party), but one server's error wasn't a reflection on the food/beer. I had the local rock cod with white bean stew, salumi, mustard greens and a pear relish.  This dish is so money it's not even funny.  Light yet filling and flavorful.  He had the bone-in pork chop, Okinawan sweet potato, braised cabbage, cranberry mixture and almonds.  I had a bite of this and made sure every aspect was on my fork while doing it.  YUM. Beers - I had the Scotch ale again, but then tried the Sleigh'r Dark Doüble Alt Ale. I swear I find a new favorite beer every time I come in Finally for dessert we ordered the chocolate brownie.  I wouldn't write home about this, but I will write to you my fellow Yelpers. Imagine those tiny brownies that you can get at the store.  One that looks sorta like a cupcake.   Now make it super-sized. I've uploaded a photo so you can see. The redeeming factors were the stout whipped cream and the candied coffee beans on top.  Another 5 stars -- because the food and beer rocks.**update** 12/21 & 12/26I ordered the charcuterie the other night and will likely never do that again because it was just meh.  There a few other places in the area that do it way better.  The nuts that they included on the cuttingboard however, were delicious.  SO when I returned for a 4th time I asked if we could have some for the table.  Beer & nuts... not too far fetched right? Being charged $5 for a handful of nuts on the other hand... ridiculous.
<review# 2810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/28/2013,667,199,12,16,15>How does this place only have two reviews?! omg Mexican dessert is the best! One of the must order items is the Mangonada, it's basically an ice drink, you can drink it with a straw but it can also be eaten with a spoon. The drink has two main ingredients, mangoes and chamoy sauce, which is a sweet and spicy sauce made from apricots and chillies.  They also have this thing called tosliocos, which was really interesting, good enough for two people. I wish this was closer to where I live because I'd probably go here everyday. They offer tons of mexican desserts and ice cream, and the ladies in the front are really nice.
<review# 2811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,3/27/2013,509,474,6,12,7>I've been coming to Magat for as long as I can remember. I used to live around the area so I'd come here for their turon (banana lumpia), and other Filipino delicacies. My family still comes here for their catering services so I thought I'd pay them a visit since I was doing errands near here.This place used to be runned down and pretty ghetto.... But they have finally upgraded their business in a different building but still located in the same plaza as before! I was really surprised at how much cleaner and inviting this place is now! It's still a mini Filipino grocery store where you can buy frozen tocino, longanisa, and snacks, but their products are displayed in a neat and orderly fashion! They even have a turo-turo in the back if you want some authentic Filipino food to-go!Thank you Magat for making delicious turon I can bring to potlucks & family gatherings! Reasonable prices for really good desserts! I'll be back!
<review# 2812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,3/26/2013,110,73,8,10,10>I am a fan of good wine and good food and this place does very well on both counts. My favorite aspect of Vino Vino is their custom-built tap wine system. It looks very cool and good wine comes out of it. They offer 13 wines on tap. All the wines are from the bay area and range from good to excellent. I'm partial to the GSM blend which stands for Grenache Sybian Melvanblanc or Grenade Syrah Mubutu or something like that, at any rate I'm in love with this red. I probably would never have tried it if, on my 20th visit, one of the bartenders didn't offer a sample while we were talking about their wines, because "GSM Blend" doesn't sound familiar or exciting. They don't like you to take single glasses of wine out of the store into the market but if you buy a bottle, they don't mind. If you want to enjoy their wine with some food from the market, I think they'd rather that you bring food in from outside. The flight of 4 wines for $14 is fun too.The food, including the appetizers, paninis & desserts are all (ALL) very good but a little pricy. Just a little! The salmon crostini is one of my favorite appetizers and I like all the cheese/charcuterie plates. They have some rockin' paninis too like the brie, fig & prosciutto and the caprese prosciutto. The Nutella, PB & banana panini seems to be popular but I've never tried it. I need some pork in my sandwiches! I think I've tried all of their desserts and I like them all. And it's not just because I've had 3 glasses of tasty wine! The sober people I was with claimed to like them all too! You can't go wrong with the chocolate truffle cake.When weather permits, unlike today, I like sitting outside under the tree (yes, 1 tree) and people watch. If you're lucky, a homeless person will come by and yell at you for a few seconds.In my experience the service is excellent 90% of the time and miserable 10% of the time and there isn't much in between. I have to say that when the service has been miserable, like waiting 30 minutes for 4 glasses of wine, they have usually made it up to us by comping the drinks. Thanks for that!
<review# 2813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,3/25/2013,615,556,7,12,8>The time has come for me to review Beach Hut Deli. But first, what's with all the mediocre reviews? I hope this isn't a case of the well-it's-not-highbrow-so-default-to-3-stars, because when it comes to good food, great beer, and happy hour deals, BHD definitely delivers. Case in point: Kona Fridays - $2.50 select Kona Brewing Co. beer (on tap) all day. Then there's their happy hour (which I believe runs 'til 6PM), where you can get a frosty cold 1L (!) stein for $4. There's also a house white and red wine, if you aren't feeling like brewski.Then, there's the food. So far, I've tried - and subsequently inhaled - the Marley Nachos (perfect to share with a friend) and the Pig Kahuna hot sandwich (also big enough to share).  They were both amazing and are described as follows:The Pig Kahuna: Luau-style, tender pulled pork splashed with Tabasco®,Bulls-Eye® BBQ sauce and melted mild cheddar cheese on a toastedfrench roll garnished with chilled pineapple.Marley Nachos: Extra-thick tortilla chips topped with nacho cheese,diced tomatoes, red onions, peppers, cream cheese, avocados and freshbacon bits.  OMNOMNOM (I added that last part. So good.)I've also always managed to snag a booth with a personal flat screen TV - perfect for catching whatever game is on. I like this place. Can you tell?
<review# 2814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,3/24/2013,562,163,10,17,9>Word on the street was that there was some new goods out...Before coming here, I wasn't expecting to score Walter White's quality of goodies (ramen) that they dubbed as Orenchi, but I have heard that it was comparable. I came  on a Saturday afternoon at around 12. We walked in and there was no wait with a few open tables. The place was clean and I didn't have to elbow people just to put my name on a list. Looking over the menu, they had a few different types of ramen and I liked that they offer a Shio (sea salt) or Shoyu (soy sauce) option for your broth. I went with the Kotetsu Shio and laced it with some bamboo to it to make it as identical as Orenchi as possible. The thick noodles, soft boiled egg and broth were very similar to Orenchi's and I liked that they give you 2 slices of pork. First hit of this ramen, I was surprisingly impressed and so satisfied! Again, this ramen is no Heisenberg ramen, but it is definitely at Jesse Pinkman's level (if he were to ever leave Walt's side). The only disappointing thing was the bamboo, as it had a funny aftertaste to it. I'll def skip that the next time I come and save the extra $1. The karaage was good and they offer a lot in one order, but it does not hold a candle to Orenchi's, especially since they don't have the spicy orange sauce. I'll most likely skip this app the next time I come. This is a good place to come if you just want a cheap and quick hit...prices are lower and waits are non-existent (but I have a feeling that might change soon).I apologize if you're not a Breaking Bad fanatic...the references probably make no sense to you.*Update* I came back again last night with some friends and we ordered the Squid Legs and White Tuna Tataki appetizers and they were SUPER delish. I highly recommend these!
<review# 2815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/23/2013,739,432,16,25,23>For an open space preserve, this one is definitely on the small side! At just 308 acres, Picchetti Ranch OSP is a quaint and beautiful place to enjoy a leisurely hike. At the head of the preserve is the historic Picchetti Winery, established by the Picchetti family in 1896. Come here for some wine tasting, then walk off the wooziness on a nice hike!GETTING THERE:---------------------------The preserve is easily accessible from Silicon Valley. From 280, exit on Foothill Blvd (which turns into Stevens Canyon Rd), and turn right onto Montebello Rd. The roads are paved and not too windy. Continue till you see this sign (yelp.com/biz_photos/picc). The parking lot holds about 50 cars, more than some of the larger preserves in the region.THE WINERY:---------------------------Enjoy walking through the winery with its rustic buildings and old wine barrels, and if you look hard enough, you may even see a peacock! Go wine tasting and enjoy live music at the same time.There's a restroom shack on site, with actual toilets and sinks! Compared to other preserves, that's high class!THE HIKE:---------------------------Next to the winery is the start of the Zinfandel Trail (appropriately named), the main trail running through the preserve. This trail runs only 1.2 miles before entering into the adjacent Stevens Creek Country Park, and is relatively flat till near the end of the Picchetti portion.The trail starts over a small footbridge, with a small stream running under it. Nice way to set the mood for a pleasant hike. Along the trail is a pond that apparently only has water after the rainy season!The Zinfandel Trail also connects to the Bear Meadow Trail, a shorter trail in the preserve. If you get on this trail, be warned that coming back on the Orchard Loop Trail has a pretty serious incline. It totally kicked our butts!Other than that one part, gentle paths and lush vegetation are the mark of this preserve. Enjoy grassy fields, the occasional stream, and a wide variety of trees lining the trails. From the Picchetti side, enjoy the view looking down the canyon into Stevens Creek County Park (yelp.com/biz_photos/picc).As you continue along the Zinfandel Trail through Stevens Creek County Park, you're treated with a nice view of Stevens Creek Reservoir from the south (yelp.com/biz_photos/picc). The trail eventually leads out to Stevens Canyon Road, next to the Cooley Picnic Area where there are outhouses and a drinking fountain. Following the road north will connect you to other trails in SCCP.FINAL THOUGHTS:---------------------------Picchetti is not really for serious hikers looking for a good workout. But for those looking for a place to enjoy scenery with easy walking, and maybe wine tasting too, this place is perfect. It's probably best to come after the spring rains when the pond is full of water!
<review# 2816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,3/22/2013,426,165,11,15,13>HOLY CRAP! This is the 3rd Korean place I'd eaten at this week! Enjoy Seoul was actually a random yelp encounter that actually turned out to be a great lunch. So thanks Yelp for helping me find this Semi-new restaurant tucked away in the back of Vietnam Town plaza. Wow, this restaurant has great ambiance. From the decor to the small details on the utensils, this restaurant just screams style! I'm not talking about a fancy Michelin style restaurants but a bright unique style that makes you feel in a way... cheerful. I originally came to buy take out but once I saw how stylish this restaurant was I just had to stay. Hook, line, and sinker. But how was the food.. well, it was actually pretty enjoyable. I ordered the Claypot Bibimbap with beef and the Lion King Roll. The first thing that came out was the Korean side dishes which came in a tray with seaweed, been sprouts, kimchi, tofu, and salad. The sides were good, there was enough food in this tray to be set up as a small meal so try to save some room for the main course.The next thing that came out was the Claypot Bibimpab which came out sizzling. After waiting for it to cool down, I tried it and only found it decent, the thing that didn't stand out was the meat. It was lightly marinated and needed a little more flavor but overall a decent Bibimbap meal. The last thing I ordered was the Lion King Roll, now that was mouth-watering! Even as I write this review, I'm still drooling over how delicious it was. As for the prices, the sushi rolls can be a little expensive compare to other restaurants but well worth the money. I really enjoyed my lunch here and do see myself coming back more often to explore their menus and enjoy their stylish decor.
<review# 2817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,1/2/2011,878,405,23,30,25>When I hear the name "Hannah"....I used to think of cartoons or a 1984 mermaid.I also think of a dear friend of mine....whose birthday is today!  Happy Birthday Hannah C!  But when I'm near the tank in DTSJ...I think of a PERFECT Red Velvet Cupcake.  I think of a calming Chai Latte....which reminds me of warm horchata.  I think of a Pumpkin Spice Loaf that's out of this world.  I think of Banana Bread that makes my mouth water just thinking about it. I think of a blended Raspberry Chocolate Mocha that's very refreshing.I think of Lemon Almond Tea Cake that wasn't too sweet with the right amount of icing and poppy seeds.  I think of a Turkey Pesto Croissant Sandwich that's full of flavor.  The crusty croissant and pesto sauce made my lunch an unforgettable one!I also think of superb presentation, very friendly service, and chill background music (reminds me of wedding dinner music). Good vibes indeed....Thanks Hannah!
<review# 2818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,1/1/2011,648,170,19,17,16>I have seen the promised land.  It is good.  Who would have thought that beyond this exterior in an industrial park, men and women in vintage clothing would be getting incredible kicks from things I never knew about.  Until now.  So for now I'll enjoy it.  Have a happy Halloween you magnificent bastards, if this isn't a great start to a weekend I don't know what is, I'll see you on the other side.  Life is good.
<review# 2819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,12/31/2010,490,412,25,24,23>I got a smile from the waitress when I asked about her favorite thing on the menu...she told me the Money Honey.  Kinda sounds like something a two bit crack whore would say...please change the name to protect the innocence of your staff.You all know I don't impress easily, but Sushi Infinity came pretty darn close.  Located on the Alameda, it's a great location for that meal before a Sharks game.  Infinity follows the same blueprint for all AYCE sushi places - lots of big a$$ stupid name rolls (thanks, Ken K), lots of tuna based dishes, and lots of avocado and cream cheese, topped off with sauce that hides the freshness.Not saying it's bad.  It's pretty good.  Quick, efficient service, clean restaurant, decent prices (especially with the grand opening coupon).  I'd like to see less rolls and more nigiri on the menu.  Avocado just belongs in guacamole,and cream cheese on a bagel.  Keep them outta my rolls!
<review# 2820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,12/30/2010,1260,803,22,21,21>2006Sandra K and Ed H introduce VIP.   One awesome night getting to know Ed's friends and slowly getting comfortable at this underground dive bar.   I had no idea this place existed.   From the outside, I thought it was a massage place with "bow chicka bow bow" action in the back room.   2007This is our late night spot with close friends to catch up or retreat after work on a Friday.    Very low key and great place to unwind after a stressful work week.   The couches and wait serve add the compliment of zoning out for the weekend ahead.   We got to know the owners and welcomed us back each week.    Started experimenting with different soju drinks.  There was no such thing as "shooting" them down.   Simply enjoy it and let the sweet flavors tantalize your taste buds.2008The social scene starts picking up with the help of Yelp.    Silicon Valley Yelpers (the SBC) begin bi-monthly visits after dining across the street at 99 Chicken.     Most memorable moment was after Grace Y and Hottsauce's 99 Chicken UYE - SBC invades the entire VIP lounge and turns it into a club.  2009Under the rule of the Evil Dark Lord of the SBC ....John Michael begins his hostile takeover.    The end of days as VIP becomes notorious for drunken Yelpers to gather and destroy like mad Vikings at a free buffet.    2010The onslaught continues.............((((( to be continued )))))
<review# 2821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,12/29/2010,205,174,8,21,8>Craving UNLIMITED Mongolian BBQ & noodles?  You've chosen the right place.$11.95 for lunch$13.95 for dinnerSECRET STEPS FOR A PERFECT BOWL:STEP 1)---Grab two bowls.---Bowl #1: MEAT---Bowl #2: VEGGIES [& to pack in the meat]STEP 2)---Fill Bowl #1: Get as MUCH meat as you can.---Grab lamb and beef.  I'd say those are the BEST and freshest.STEP 3) ---Fill Bowl #2: Get veggies, noodles, etc.STEP 4)---What makes or breaks the food are the SAUCES.---Place marinade / your recipe for sauce in BOWL #1*TIPS: ---more important sauces that affect the taste of your dish is toward the end of the line, after the CHILI sauce.---load up on OILS so it will be nice and tastySTEP 5)---Give both bowls to the cook---Tip the cooks who slave away making your food in front of the huge meat slab---Smile, and walk to your table happily :D&&& before you leave, remember to grab a soft serve ice cream cone!  The best way to end your meal.I will definitely come back to Su's when I'm hungry and craving some of my own concoctions for Mongolian BBQ / noodle recipes!
<review# 2822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2010,12/28/2010,216,303,7,7,6>Oh hell yes! Thanks Ramon V for giving Super Churro Man his props because he totally deserves them!! Excerpt from my previous review about SJ Giants game pertinant to the AWESOMENESS of Super Churro Man:"If I could rate the churro guy seperately, he would also get 5-stars! Before you die, you must eat a churro at the San Jose Giants game from the churro guy because when you bite into it, your mouth gets a burst of cinnamon sugary goodness that has a fluffy doughnut like consistency. I usually hate churros because they are full of air - No air filled churros here, these churros are all deliciously fried dough! "If you are planning on going to a SJ Giants game, you must eat one of these churros (or else you simply haven't lived). I promise you getting a churro from Super Churro Man will be the best $3 or $5 you've ever spent.
<review# 2823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,12/27/2010,157,1016,46,51,48>My foodie extraordinaire (and extraordinaire in general) boyfriend took me here for a romantic Valentine's Day dinner and we had a fabulous time. I'm not going to lie, the service (and the bread and butter) are no Gary Danko, but the food, oh the food! It's simply amazing!For Valentine's dinner they had a special four course tasting menu and although on that particular night there was not a separate vegetarian menu, they were very accommodating and said that the chef would make something for me. I'm not really one for surprises, but when dining at a one Michelin star restaurant it's pretty easy to take that leap of faith with your palate. For my first course I had a light and fresh tossed salad, for my second course I had a deliciously creamy asparagus risotto, for my entree I had a medley of mushrooms that melted like butter in my mouth, asparagus, spinach (so good! I don't even like spinach!), potatoes, and a risotto entree which was delicious. All of the vegetables were innovative and like nothing I've ever had before. For the finale, I had the chocolate souffle which was also pretty good. I thought it was an especially nice touch that when delivering the bill at the end of the evening, they gave both the man and woman each a small boxes of chocolate truffles from a local Saratoga chocolate shop (it always gets on my nerves when these fine restaurants just give gifts to the woman).On our way out we ran into the manager, Manny, and I had the opportunity to tell him how fabulous the vegetarian menu was and I sent my complements to the chef and his response was: "well thank you - why don't you tell him yourself, he's right here" and surely enough, standing there before me was the executive chef/owner, Peter Armellino, (formerly of Aqua (two Michelin stars) and Village Pub (one Michelin star)). I told him how much I enjoyed the vegetarian menu that he put together for the evening and he replied that he had just gone to the farmers market yesterday and picked out the vegetables. gasp! Peter and Plumed Horse are a vegetarian's heaven! Not to mention the epitome of California fresh cuisine! Who said you can't have vegetarian fine dining, French at that!In general, they typically have a separate vegetarian tasting menu (which is significantly less than the carnivorous tasting menu - which is rare. Most places charge the same amount for vegetarian prix fixe menu even though it costs them significant less to prepare than the regular prix fixe meal with the foie gras, lobster, kobe beef, etc.). They also have an elaborate list (we're talking thousands of bottles here) of the finest wines from across the world, so be sure to enlist the help of their sommelier!Bottom line, we had a lovely time at Plumed Horse and it's a delight to have fine dining in the south bay area. I can't wait to go back on a regular night to try out their vegetarian tasting menu and to check out their swanky bar area for a happy hour! I'm a fan!
<review# 2824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2010,12/25/2010,1114,1200,12,8,8>I like Santouka but I don't love it. Santouka is a mistress I would visit once in a while. During our rare encounter I would embrace every single drop of the additively rich broth and savor every nibble of the luscious toroniku pork. Santouka is a fling that I cannot form any long term relationship with. Orenchi Ramen, on the other hand, is a place that I could visit multiple times a week. The reason is simple - Orenchi has never made me feel guilty (fresher and healthier ingredients) or uncomfortable (lighter broth and less MSG).I am torn. At least I do not have to choose between these two. I could indulge myself once in a while whenever I feel like.The technicalities -Santouka's ingredients are really no comparsion to Orenchi's. Orenchi uses better fish cake, bamboo shoot, seaweed and even green onions. If you like thicker and chewier noodles, Orenchi is most likely your ramen spot. The only thing I really like about Santouka is the toroniku pork. The meat has a lot more flavor and character. Orenchi's roasted pork slices are just too ordinary.
<review# 2825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,12/24/2010,1167,294,9,14,13>I don't drink at all and I'm sick of having to go to all these nicely decored clubs with their super casually dressed patrons and their TERRIBLE music. My music preferences vary, and I love hip hop-but I am sick of the cycle of repetition of Empire State of Mind, Low ("Boot's with the furrrrr....the whole club was looking at hhhhhher!!!" Do I really have to down 8 shots of hen to be okay with their less than stellar music selection? I thought I'd run out of options when it came to late night down town entertainment. Randomly, I wanted to go to a jazz bar and my best friend suggested this place. We hoped we weren't underdressed (I was wearing a sweater and jeans) and that parking (on a Saturday) wouldn't be an issue. We found parking pretty easily around the hotel, a block away.We walked in and the bellboy called it: Hedley Club? Walk straight, turn left. Small place, maybe half the size of a ballroom or a little more? Low lights, with the musicians in the corner. Seats were all full, so we ordered some beverages at the bar and milled about. A couple left their seats, and I swooped that as fast as you would for a 50" LCD tv on sale on a Black Friday.Really great crowd and awesome live jazz music. I think this is the only place in San Jose that I have been in that really understands the concept of LOUNGE. You know, comfortable seats?? Where you can really relax (i.e. lounge?) I had a cran juice and my bestfriend had water that sufficed us for the 3 1/2 hours we were there. We weren't hassled, and everybody behaved as adults do. They serve food that we were unable to try because the kitchen was closed at 10pm, but the selections sounded yummy! I am definitely going back again.*Cheap date alert! Go here after dinner and a movie.
<review# 2826,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/11/2010,12/21/2010,1596,841,18,27,19>This place is A-OK!I like my steaks so rare you can barely say they were cooked. Grill 'Em is a place where you grill your own steak to your liking, so it seems right up my ally. I had never heard of this place until I bought the Groupon for the day which was $15 for $30 of food. Some other reviewers commented on the decor. It's kind of dive bar-ey, yes. Pictures of pin-up girls on the walls, loud music, a separate bar area, etc. When we came here, the electrician was hanging out and he came to chat with us at our table throughout the night, so it made things a bit lively. Coolio.We started off with the potato skins, which I liked, but my bf didn't really like. I didn't want a huge steak, so I got the small ribeye for my entree. So yeah, if you're going to eat here, know these 2 things:1. Steaks seem kind of expensive here and are priced comparably to other steakhouses such as Black Angus, Outback, etc. The steak seems smaller because...2. The steaks are long, flat, and thiiiiiin. Not optimal for a great rare sear. If you want your meat nice and bloody, I'd suggest going for the filet mignon. I liked the ambiance, I liked all the seasonings, I liked being able to cook my own steak and garlic bread. It ended up being pretty expensive for being what it is, even with the coupon. I'd still like to give it another try on another night, with a different cut of steak.Service is kind of slow, if that kind of thing upsets you, but they make up for it with friendliness. As I said...A-OK!
<review# 2827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,7/8/2012,211,504,9,9,9>A million bajillion stars!!!!! 5 does not do it for me!!!I came here on a Monday - made a reservation for 2, but it was unnecessary. ALL BOTTLES OF WINES 50% OFF!!!! you know those bottles of wine you've always wanted to try but they are $60 a bottle? Well now you can go to Cin Cin on a monday and enjoy that same bottle for $30. Incredible.We ordered not one, but two bottles of wine! My favorite was Clos Pissarra, El Ramon Priorat '08.the food is tapas style, so delicious. another million stars for the food. We started with happy hour:- Mushroom Empanadas- Chicken liver (my first time trying this, AMAZING)- Crispy Goat Cheese- Ham wrapped dates (wouldnt get this one again though :[ )- Cin-Cin Flat BreadWe were so indulgent, couldn't help but order more!! Dinner + Dessert!- Sliders: Perfectly done, juicy, onions, sauce, oh my...- Duck confit (also my first time trying duck!): the spaetzle is to die for.Dessert:- Apple caramel cake: HIGHLY recommended!!- Strawberry shortcake: also great, but i liked the apple cake better.The next day, I felt amazing. not overly full and fat. I mean, that's a miracle with everything we ate! Can't wait to return
<review# 2828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,7/7/2012,556,284,10,11,10>This place is by far the best bowling alley I've been to so far.. Love the clean modern interior, dim lighting and FULL bar. We were in the VIP section of the bowling alley, comfy sofa chairs, pool table and a full bar.  Service can be a bit slow, but we came here on a saturday night and it was a full house.The food was pretty decent, we had a bunch of finger foods from chicken quesdilla, nachos, sweet and spicy wings, mozzarella sticks and jalapeno poppers with sweet potato fries (pass on these they were soggy).I had a great experience, I would definitely be back!
<review# 2829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,7/6/2012,214,1202,9,14,11>Came back here last night to enlist Diana's help to get new running shoes after my last half marathon!  She generously stayed after her posted business hours as well to help me out too!  We did the whole walking and jogging tests for my foot and my gait too.  It was still weird to see my lower legs be photographed while running.  I'm now very conscious of my calves now!Diana eventually got me to try a couple of pairs of running shoes and we found a pair of New Balances that I immediately liked.  Also special thanks to Elle, Diana's dog who was very friendly and welcoming during my time there.  Thanks Diana for your invaluable help in choosing my new running shoes.  My feet will be forever grateful!
<review# 2830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,7/5/2012,130,305,4,16,27>Dear Owner of Alexander's Steakhouse, You hired the right man for the job. Your General Manager, Kevin Clark, went out of his way to make my mom's birthday yesterday the best birthday she's ever had. My mom is the bravest woman I know. She left her entire family when she was basically just a teenager. Just a girl. She came to this country by boat. A boat that was attacked by pirates and who stole what little she could bring with her. So she literally came to the U.S. with absolutely nothing. I have to be honest that it took me years to convince her to come to dinner at Alexander's. I also have to be honest that even though Alexander's had time and again met my expectations, my sister and I were apprehensive that our mom would not enjoy herself.When Mr. Clark dropped by our table, he didn't know any of what I've just told you. He did not know that the time he spent to make us laugh, the time he took to make my mom feel so incredibly special - that he was doing something so great for this woman's life. It was pure joy to watch our mom be so happy. I've been lucky enough, because of the education that my parents gave me, to be able to experience some of the best restaurant service in the world. From the French Laundry to the Four Seasons restaurants, I have been pampered because it was their job and they all did it well. Mr. Clark's hospitality was on par to those experiences but his was slightly different ... different because his effort seemed to come from himself. Not because it was his job (which I'm sure he excels at), but because he's a great guy. So thank you for making him your General Manager. And thank you, Mr. Clark, for giving my mom such a beautiful birthday.
<review# 2831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,7/4/2012,578,576,9,16,16>Does not get much better than Ayra! Came here for lunch on a Saturday. There was a wedding going on in the back room, but they were still able to seat me and my friend in the bar area. We ordered some hummus to share as an appetizer and it was super good. It's a pretty decent portion, but it's so good that it disappeared quickly.For the entree I ordered the Fesenjoon (which is chicken with a fried walnut pomegranate sauce with basmati rice on the side and my friend ordered the Persian Meatball Stew (Pomegranate and pistachio meatballs with rice on the side). All I can say is WOW. The flavors were amazing. The chicken, incredibly tender. Melt in your mouth good. Very filling! My friend let me taste her meatball and it was amazing as well. Who knew a meatball could taste so freaking good!???After that awesome food, we decided to order a combo dessert plate with baklava, and other tasty treats. It was good, but a little too much honey. (guess I'm not used to it.)Great customer service. The waiter was happy with our food choices and he was super friendly. Kept our water glasses filled and made sure we had a great experience.It's a little pricey, but it's WORTH IT. The food is outstanding. If it were cheaper, I'd be here WAY too often. :)I highly recommend this restaurant. Fabulous food, great service, and a good time to be had by all! P.S. Plenty of parking by the way!
<review# 2832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,7/3/2012,199,574,6,8,5>Wow Jane!! Wow!!It was not hard to find this place since she emails you exact directions. She is quick and to the point. Take off your pants and jump on the table. It was so fun talking to her and in less than 15 minutes, you're out the door! I love that she uses an oil so the wax doesn't stick and a baby wipe so there isn't much residue. Usually when I get waxed, I have to go home to shower and change but not here! I felt clean and as a smooth as a baby's butt! She definitely knows what she's doing! I love that she has a set price and doesn't take any tip. The tip for her is to go back to her! Thank you Jane; my boyfriend thanks you too! I can't wait to come back soon!By the way, cash only and make an appointment by using the form on her website.
<review# 2833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,7/2/2012,522,445,12,21,11>Don't let the look fool you, this place has bomb-diggity food and service!Honestly, I don't know much about Russian food.  Until yesterday prior to my visit to this lovely little grocery store/cafe, all I've heard was from my coworker, whose parents are from Russia.We've driven by this place many times and I've always been curious, so finally, my brother and I decided to visit this place.  I love beets, so of course I ordered borscht, which is this beets and onion soup cooked in a light beef broth, seasoned with garlic and dill, and topped off with a dollop of sour cream. My brother was going to order the matzo ball soup, but the owner sweetly suggested that he try the solyanka, which is a sausage, olives, onions and I believe cabbage, along with various spices, cooked in a clear broth, also topped with a dollop of sour cream.I was in love when I tasted the borscht!  It was sweet and savory, I especially loved the garlic and dill seasoning - not too overpowering and created a lovely, homey aroma to the soup.  The soup was tasty, with shredded onions and beets, and if you stir the sour cream in the soup, the soup turns from red to a neon pink!The solyanka was delicious as well, though not as special as the borscht.  It was almost a bit greasy due to the sausage that were added, but it was tasty nonetheless.  I think both soups feel like they were prepared by someone you know and love, and the warmth in the soup is not something a chain restaurant could provide.  Granted, the soup was not top notch and fancy, but the comfort provided by the soup was very soothing on a rainy day.The meal also came with two slices of Russian bread and butter.  The bread wasn't anything too special - it was two pieces of dense, whole grain/wheat toasts.  The density of the bread, however, went well with the soup because it soaked it all up and softened up quite a bit.For entrees I ordered the golubtsy, and Steven went for the sazivi.  Both were very good dishes, but I enjoyed the sazivi better.  It was small chunks of extremely tender boneless chicken, cooked with a lot of garlic, walnuts and cilantro, and served with a bed of "rice baked with vegetables".  This dish almost remind me of something Middle Eastern, because it was saucy, and they used ground walnut in the dressing.  The sazivi was rich and flavorful, and the garlic was definitely very prominent (and so good!).My golubtsy reminded me of something that I've had in Taiwan, probably something similar to ground beef wrapped in cabbage and boiled, which is basically what golubtsy is.  It was then topped with tomato sauce and with sour cream served on the side.  It wasn't anything too special or to die for, and the portion was a little small, but I was amazed by the added flavor when I spread the sour cream over my golubtsy. The sour cream is not like the American sour cream; Russian sour cream seems smoother, richer, and less tart.  I think it is milder, which smoothed out the tartness of the tomato sauce a bit.The baked rice was actually tasty and filling.  I suspect butter was added!  Butter, of course, makes frozen veggies with rice so much better.  Especially when I drenched the rice with my brother's sazivi sauce - so yummy!I am definitely a fan of the food, and I can't wait to come back and try some of their other dishes.  The service was excellent - the entire grocery store AND the cafe seems to be run by this one woman with red hair.  She was very sweet to us, and was very honest in her opinion about our choices of food.  If we picked something that she does not consider tasty (and of course we did because we were noobs), she'd cringe her nose and suggest that we try something else.  She was also very personable, answering all of our questions humorously!We completed the dinner with a slice of cake that she suggested - it was a dense cake, layered with cherry preserve mixed with whipped cream, and topped with a layer of ground chocolate.  I think it offered the perfect ending to this rustic meal!The food wasn't cheap considering the amount, but they were delicious and filling, in addition to excellent service, thus this grocery store/cafe deserves a five-star.  I am also curious as to the different types of snacks, beers and vodka they offer, but I must save that until next time!
<review# 2834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,7/1/2012,137,132,5,5,5>My new favorite bar in San Jose. Singlebarrel is the place to go for a quiet night for drinks with someone or a group of friends. There's always a line for this place even on random weekdays, so plan ahead and prepare to wait for at least 20 minutes. If you go late around midnight or so, the lines aren't as bad. And they only accept groups of no more than 6 people. They do this to keep the noise down in the bar since it is a small place.The bartender will pick your first drink depending on the type of drink you're in the mood for. They'll ask for the flavor more than the type of alcohol. Through experience and hearing from friends, they are spot on at making the drinks that match your description. May not be exactly how you imagined it in your head, but I guarantee you that you will love it! They are DELICIOUS and pretty strong as well.My favorite is the Watermelon Jive, but sadly they don't have that right now since it's not in season. The Original Norman Rockwell, Gin Gin Mule, and Bramble are some other good ones.Singlebarrel is great for the speakeasy style cocktail bar experience. When I have friends visit San Jose, this is my place to take them.
<review# 2835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,6/30/2012,284,233,3,10,10>Ike's Lair has made its way to the South Bay!Ike's made me the best sandwich I have ever tasted. I created my own sandwich: Turkey on Dutch Crunch bread, Swiss cheese, Gouda cheese, jalapeño poppers, lettuce, tomatoes, dirty sauce, mustard and mayo. It was the perfect sandwich for me, I could only finish half cause the sandwich was so huge. The quality of their sandwiches are just like the Ike's Place in SF. If you like turkey sandwiches with a punch of flavor, you have to try my sandwich. The jalapeño popper is key, it's totally worth it to pay the extra add on fee for it. The popper is crispy on the outside and warm and gooey inside, so when you bite into your sandwich the warm cheese just oozes into your mouth. So dirty delicious! MMMM!!!! Their dirty sauce that comes on all of their sandwiches is absolutely amazing, its some sort of herb mayo. As Marshal Erickson from How I Met Your Mother asks, "GOUDA?!" WELL GO FOR IT! The gouda cheese gives your sandwich so much flavor, it's packed with a punch of smokiness. You can't get this variety and quality from any other deli shop around town.My family loves the ménage a troi, so if you're a fan of sweet, savory, and saucy try that. Ike's Lair is a great place for out of the ordinary full size sandwiches! I highly recommend you try their sandwiches! It's finally open and it's located across the street of Whole Foods on Stelling and Steven's Creek where Panda Express is.
<review# 2836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,6/29/2012,545,312,15,20,17>I cannot really add much more to the stellar reviews already posted here.  Everything is accurate;- Cute little store with some really cool boots, hats and shirts - quite a fun experience if you're into Western wear...- Jesse was fantastic!  So friendly, straightforward and honest!- The work is exquisite - I took 3 pairs of shoes and a pair of boots that I thought had lived out their lives... and came away with 4 almost new looking pairs - how does he do that???- Vibram soles?  Really?  For $25 a pair?  A bargain this good cannot be found easily!- Plus a 15% discount just because I said Yelp!  w00t!!- Shoes polished, conditioned and laced with new laces.I have experienced service at this level in only a few other places - almost all of them family owned and operated like this one.I'd like to stand on the rooftop and scream out praises for Jesse and FJ Western - but in today's world, that's called "writing a Yelp review" so here it is!~ 5 stars - Trust me, if you have shoes that need some TLC, do yourself and your shoes a favor - take them to FJ Western Wear.  It cost me $150 for those 4 pairs but it meant a new lease on life for over $2000 in leather and for that, I say, Thank You!!!# 277
<review# 2837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/1/2013,711,1302,9,10,9>Ah. Wednesday night bingo.I think it's a bit light on the explaining and a bit fast in the calling, but a ton of fun none the less. I love the super furry  the Bingo holders :DIt's a great way to blow twenty bucks and have a night of fun, especially if you go as a group and enjoy watching the seriousness with which several people take it.Hey, over here! BINGO!
<review# 2838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/28/2013,854,542,25,32,28>I finally got to experience what all of the buzz is about, and I must say, much of the fanfare is well-deserved. (And I think this'll get bumped up to a 5-Star review after another visit or two... )As much as it behooves me that A Perfect Finish is gone - though I wasn't really a fan, it was a high-brow spot where you could escape from the rambunctious, urban patrons of nearby bars/clubs - I must admit it always seemed out of step for downtown. 55 South seems to fit right in, meeting a need for something refined and crafted without being pretentious or overwrought. Cocktail "lounge" minus any "ultra" nonsense.What works?Cocktails, fine spirits, and beers, OH MY!Though  the X number of cocktails + Y number of beers + Z varietals of wine available aren't overly abundant or necessarily chased, there's likely something to suit most palates. The drinks here will be or taste like something you already know (and presumably like). In that sense the focus here is only marginally about having a novel drink experience and more on remaining socially lubricated, but with much classier elixirs than AMFs or vodka-crans. All that aside, if Moscow Mules served in cobber cups or the pageantry of mulled blackberries in champagne flutes isn't your kind of drinking, the shelves are still stocked with an impressive selection of fine liquors - although I didn't see any Middleton - where's the Middleton?What else works?The staff. From the enthusiastic and knowledgeable bartenders (mixologists?), to the friendly and helpful barback & waitstaff, the atmosphere is welcoming and casual with a keen attention to the patron's experience. Whether its a group of 8 at a table or the solo individual at the bar (me), the craftsmanship and service felt consistently good and genuine. What works (that I didn't expect to like, but kinda do)?Gone are the big leather wingchairs and sofas, replaced by nuevo ottomans and cocktail tables. The bright lights have been dimmed to a faint glow. The spanning wall-to-wall, floor-to-ceiling window view of the street outside (and the outside, in) is now intermediated with swirly-grained, varnish-stained wooden panels. Simple and chic and its nice and, most of all, it works. It's a little bit dark, so sit a little closer. A little bit loud, so talk a little more intently. A little bit cozy, so be a little more engaged. Sounds like a great place to bring a date, right? Now, if I could only remember what a date was... its been a while._____________________________________________Between 55 South, Original Gravity, and Koji Sake Lounge, it looks like I am gonna be spending a lot of time around Post @ First.
<review# 2839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/27/2013,436,200,10,16,10>I've passed by this place several times and never in my life would I have thought I'd be stopping here on my morning before work to grab coffee. I was running a little late to work, so decided to come here since it's steps away from my place. I'M SO GLAD I WAS RUNNING LATE THAT DAY!!! This place has THE BEST vanilla latte I've ever tasted. It falls nothing short of perfect.Service here is superb. The staff is so welcoming and always makes me feel comfortable. There was a time when they forgot to make my drink, but they apologized repeatedly and made my drink right away! Excellent!It's a tad expensive over here... $4 for a small and $4.50 for the bigger one, but I think it's well worth it. Not that many places that serves a good cup of coffee in this area.
<review# 2840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,2/26/2013,605,417,8,19,16>I'm pretty stingy with my 5 star reviews, but the fact is Orenchi has the best ramen I've had.  OK, I had to wait almost an hour to get a table, but that just means that the hype about this place is true.  Although I wanted to get the spicy ramen, they only have a limited amount and had run out by the time I got inside.  So, I opted for the standard Orenchi Ramen, which is the most popular version and the one that features the delightful, sinfully unctuous soft boiled egg.  I augmented my bowl with double char siu pork, a personal favorite of mine.  The broth exudes an intensely deep, rich flavor unlike any ramen I've had.  I didn't even need to add any seasoning at all; it was perfect.  The pork was tender and delicious.  The noodles had a nice chewy texture to them and where just the right amount.  The net result was a perfect, satisfying bowl of Japan's best comfort food.Also highly recommended is the karaage (boneless fried chicken) appetizer.  Crunchy, juicy and very tasty.  No need for the typical mayonnaise condiment like other ramen houses serve with their versions. Just beware that they come out piping hot!I will definitely come back when the ramen urge strikes, but I might have to bring a snack to hold myself over while in line.
<review# 2841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,2/25/2013,405,378,13,15,15>Delicious customized chicken shewarma.For $8.75 I got myself a filling chicken shewarma wrap (with humMmus inside).The drink fountain is standard and self serve.Seating is a bit cozy and casual.Don't do your hair or wear something dry-clean only...the food is cooked right in front of you and although it smells delicious its not exactly Juicy perfume.Recommend for corporate lunch-goers on the hunt for some grub.
<review# 2842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,2/24/2013,878,405,15,16,17>A fun workout indeed!I felt like an olympian of some sort.  And I'm sure that if I keep visiting, I'd perfect some double flips, or triples.  Great place to just let yourself go...Except if you're hungover or sick.  My socks were pretty white (underneath) after our jumping session. With that, and no funky smells....I'd say it's pretty clean here.     Quick Tip:  After an hour of jumping, try jumping in the parking lot.  It's a trip.
<review# 2843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,2/23/2013,1928,403,45,62,54>Excellent quality dim sum + reasonable prices + less crowded = WIN!!!How had I never been here before?!? No good dim sum place is quite like this, especially not in the South Bay. Jen C and I were on a quest to find a solid dim sum place nearby, and we have succeeded! I think Jade Cathay may be in an alternate universe. Supporting evidence:(+) When I arrived on a Saturday at Noon, the mood was calm, serene. No massive hordes clamoring for tasty dumplings with a line stretching around the block.(+) Service was extremely courteous and helpful.(+) I asked to order from the menu, rather than from the carts, so I could eat quickly. No one stared at me or made a fuss. I didn't feel the guilt of committing a major dim sum sin.(+) ALL the food was of good quality. (+) Super inexpensive prices: $2.50 for a small dish (4 dumplings!)NOW, ON TO THE FOOD... * BBQ Pork Steamed Buns - Perfect bun texture (ha!) and consistency. Super fresh and steamed just the right amount of time. Generous amount of that delicious BBQ pork. (yelp.com/biz_photos/jade)* Shrimp Steamed Dumplings (Har Gao) - These tend to fall apart at other places, but not here. They were firm and not too doughy. (yelp.com/biz_photos/jade)* Pan Fried Chives & Shrimp Dumplings - Good shrimp to chive proportion. The chives were not overwhelming at all. (yelp.com/biz_photos/jade)* Pan Fried Turnip Cakes - Slightly crispy on the outside, moist and delicious on the inside. Not what you'd expect for having turnip in it. Savory and heavenly! (yelp.com/biz_photos/jade)* Mango Pudding - Smooth and creamy. This was supposed to be dessert, but as I saw it going by in the cart I couldn't wait, and just ate it in the middle of lunch. (yelp.com/biz_photos/jade)I couldn't finish everything there so I took the rest home (leftovers, my favorite!) and microwaved them later. It all still tasted wonderful! It even won someone over who absolutely hated chives and ended up loving the chive+shrimp dumpling!Special thanks to Jen C for the hot date, and I'm glad we got to check off one of our bookmarks... finally. :)I will definitely be back for more!!!!TIP: It is better if you don't refrigerate the dumplings, or the skin will take on a hardened consistency. I recommend leaving them out -- a few hours won't kill you -- and with 30 seconds or less in the microwave, you're good to go! Love, the Queen of Leftovers.
<review# 2844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,2/22/2013,82,86,8,12,9>Holy Dopamine! I didn't know yoga could make you feel so good. I thought it was just a bunch of people, holding hands and praying for world peace. How wrong was I? Obviously, I've never seen the inside of a yoga studio before and obviously I've never set foot on a yoga mat, so this review is from the perspective of a total yoga beginner. I took the plunge with their $25 for 2 weeks of unlimited classes and I'm really glad because I got to try different types of classes and figure out which instructors I liked! As a beginner, I was able to attend the Vinyasa basics and the Yin/Restorative yoga classes. I chickened out of the regular vinyasa classes because I didn't think my body could take the pace of those classes!The instructors, at least the ones I have attended classes with, are really warm and friendly. I came away from my first basics class with Kevyn feeling like I was throughly worked out, but also felt extremely relaxed and at peace. Needless to say, I love Kevyn's class (Tue - 7:15pm) and I also really like the restorative yoga classes by Prajna (Thu - 5:45pm, Sun - 5pm). There is a sense of community here, like everyone knows everyone else, and most of the members have been welcoming of me. This goes a long way in making me like the place because in the end, even if the classes are great, I wouldn't be keen on going back to the studio if I felt uneasy/unwelcome in the environment.I'm giving this studio 4 stars only because I wish there were more basics classes + the studio is a little on the smaller side! Otherwise, I'm really happy to be living so close to Just Breathe and hope to continue my practice with them for a long time :)
<review# 2845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/21/2013,1071,862,12,20,15>I brought in one pair of wedges, one pair of maryjanes, and my favorite pair of Nine West boots to be repaired. All three needed new heels, and the boots needed to be refinished and stitched in a few spots. For under $60 I got three pairs of shoes repaired. The turnaround time was quick (2 days) and service was super friendly. I am now a firm believer in reincarnation. Willow Glen Shoe Repair saved my soles!
<review# 2846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,2/20/2013,1336,295,26,29,27>Janet O. and I came here on a Tuesday to grab a quick bite.  We were greeted at the door and sat in the lounge area, one of two options for the happy hour dinning, the other is the bar.  The couches are quite comfortable; however, the ambiance was quite dim to a point where reading the menu became a challenge.  In fact, when I came home and reviewed the photo of the menu, to my surprise I noticed other items on the menu.  Hint, use your phone as a flashlight. Our waiter, Aaron, was an unbelievable server, one you would expect at a Michelin rated restaurant, as his demeanor was perfect for a waiter; polite, friendly with pleasant smile and super attentive.  Fahrenheit offers a happy hour special with Yelp check in, free food item with a purchase of regularly priced drink, which he did not fuss about and actually gave us an advantageous deal.The happy hour menu is limited to seven choices in three price categories, so selecting what we wanted was effortless,   Our order include the 100% angus beef cheeseburger (added bacon for $1 extra), spicy chicken drummettes, and french fries (combination of white and sweet potatoes). Each item was served with its dedicated side dressing.  The burger was extraordinary, very juicy and flavorful, with a price tag of $5, and actually free with our special deal.  The spicy chicken drummettes were lacking that plumpness of meat and tasted spicy and sweet, I would rated them as edible.  We ended up going to Trials Pub to curb our appetite for chicken wings promptly after we finished here.  The french fries were really delicious, crisp and not greasy. Overall, the food was excellent except for the bony chicken.The drink was what really hit the mark; I had the Strawberry Watermelon Mojito.  It was incredibly fresh tasting with bits of fruit and mint and had a color of pink, which I would not recommend if you are a guy out with your buddies.  But we all know that real men wear pink, myself included.
<review# 2847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,7/17/2010,153,461,19,13,6>for only $20 you can stay here all day and relax.  the facilities are very clean, and there's even a skylight over the spa area, so if you come in the daytime it's nice and bright inside.  there are three spas: hot (you will come out looking like a boiled lobster), cold (you will not make it past the 2nd step), and warm (like goldilocks said - just right!).  there is also a steam room and sauna, and a relaxation louge where you can take a nap, or have a facial (If you bring your own face mask).guests are required to shower off before soaking in the pools or using the steam room or sauna (thank you!).  there is also a massage area, where the ladies also do korean scrubs.  for an additional $20 you can have a lady scrub your skin til it comes off (literally) for an hour.  you will feel like a baby's butt all over.  she forces you to pay tip, but she deserves it!  this is one of my favorite places to go in the winter time, when it's cold and rainy outside.  i get all relaxed and toasty, then me and my girls get korean bbq afterwards.  perfect!the only caveat is that all the guests are fully nude when using the facilities (men and women are separated.  if you're not sure which one you are, then i don't know what to tell you.)  it was weird at first getting butt naked, but everyone walks around like it ain't no thang, so you get over it real quick.  just make sure you bring one of those towlie things with you in the sauna to sit on.  i got 2nd degree burns on my butt cheeks from sitting down directly on the hot wood ha.
<review# 2848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,7/16/2010,490,412,31,27,25>I don't know anyone who would buy stock in Philippine Airlines, but for those two or three people out there who are thinking about it, I have a piece of advice...... Don't do it. Seafood City is destined to put Philippine Airlines out of business. For those of you who have that yearning to visit The Philippines without the heat, without the traffic, without having to bring pasalubongs, without the (you fill in the blank with your own favorite noun), I just saved you money...visit this latest branch of Seafood City. It's more than a supermarket. When you first enter the new Seasons shopping center, you'll discover you're in the other M...not Milpitas, but Manila. Max's, Goldilocks, Tokyo Tokyo, Chowking, Yellow Cab, but wait...let me get back to Seafood City. Music and movies. Shirts and slippers. Kangkong and kalabasa. Beer and balut...yes, everything you want from the Philippines you can get here (except for the cheap prices). I was impressed, and you know I don't impress easily. Put down your walis, stop practicing your karaoke, and bring your family out to admire the rows and rows of patis.   And don't buy Philippine Airlines stock.
<review# 2849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,7/15/2010,879,323,15,20,20>After letting the dogs play at the dog park for a while, Nam N. and I headed to Los Gatos Cafe for brunch.  I had heard many great things, and had this place on my "To Try" list for forever.  I was quite excited!My favorite brunch item is eggs benedict, so I of course ordered one of their many benedicts.  The crab cake benedict was my choice came with the eggs on the crab cakes instead of the the muffin.  Although the crab cakes, avocado, and eggs were delicious, I found myself disappointed wanting some bread to sop up all the gooey goodness!  The best part of the meal was the potatoes!  Ask for them to be fried extra crispy, and you'll be devouring the Yukon Gold goodness!!Extra star for having a patio and being dog friendly!  I would return to Los Gatos Cafe again.  Nonetheless, my favorite brunch choices are still in the city!
<review# 2850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,7/14/2010,262,162,9,10,10>I just realized I wrote my last review to the wrong location!This is my fave fave FAVE place for Vietnamese sandwich place. The pate here is dark and peppery without the livery taste. I always ask for extra on my banh mi thit ngoui The service is so nice here too!One day I came back for some banh cay (translation: spicy bread;best way to describe them: Spicy Vietnamese fried donut holes) it was late in the day, and they had run out. They said don't worry, we'll fry you a fresh batch. And for 7 for $1 its a great little steal. I like to bring a batch to gettogethers, and they're always a hit!I also ordered a Vietnamese Iced coffee, and after the first sip, I transcended to Iced coffee heaven... smooth... creamy... strong yet sweet coffee goodness... and seriously... if I had more cash with me I would've gotten a second cup for the road. It took serious discipline not to down that drink in 10 seconds flat... *sigh*I've had the taro shakes here too, and that was equally filled with creamy yuminess!I've yet to try their prepped hot food though.... but the packaged springrolls and the like make a great and quick snack or small meal. Cheap too!I love this place, and was a bummed when they closed for renovation awhile back, but now they're up and running! Go get some sammiches!!
<review# 2851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,7/13/2010,290,302,18,26,20>I cant believe I've been living in the WG for nearly 3 years and only just found this place. In the past we've always went to the Taiwanese down the street because Edna always looked a bit skanky. I got taken here by my work colleagues for my birthday last week and I was pleasantly surprised. So much so that JZ and I came back here for takeout three days later. The Mongolian Beef was not over cooked and just the right amount of spiciness. The Peking Chicken sauce was zesty and succulent. I'm not a big fan of tofu but the fried tofu was also really really tasty. The staff were so friendly. They were all over us making sure we had tea & water. In fact, the service was first rate. Considering we were a party of nine, we didn't even have to wait that long for our food (and it was nearly full in the restaurant too). Sorry Taiwan. I'll be coming here from now on. Quicker service, cheaper and just as tasty.One other point... the takeout portions are H U G E !!!
<review# 2852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,7/12/2010,294,926,8,8,10>Souffle paradise with a great meal, service, and atmosphere. 4.4 stars Cost to worth it rating: 3 ($145 for 10 course tasting menu plus $90 for wine pairing) Return worthiness: yes Eve award: bet souffles ever (both savory and sweet) Highlights: - Food: high quality all-around. Flavors on all plates when mixed together created an experience more than the sum of their parts which is what culinary excellence is to me - Parmesan pepper souffle: heavenly light with the perfect amount of cheese and pepper to enhance the dish but not overpower it, decadently paired with a buttery uni and dungenous crab you pour into it. - Tartare: at first glance looked pretty standard but the mildly tasting tartare on it's own was heightened by the cracked quail egg, saltiness of the caviar, and crunch of the toast bridge - Squab: never big on my "let's order that" list, but was delightfully surprised. Instead of being dry and devoid of meat, it was succulent and plentiful. - Tofu amuse: delicate silky block of tofu with a light soy and blood orange--unusual yet pleasing combination and great start to the meal - Waiter: fun and personable--not at all stuffy like I was worried about with this long standing establishment. Bonus points for him being an elite yelper. ;-) - Wine pairings: some local which was great and especially like the Testarossa pinot that was made for the restaurant. I've seen heavier pours in tastings specifically when the entree courses come, but there was a good amount course wise and they did give us a glass of bubbly at the end of the meal which was unprecedented fun. Midlights: - Light variation: although I liked the Bellagio-like glass flowery lights hanging from the ceiling, the dim to light transitions cycling through got a bit distracting at times Lowlights: - Veggie options for meat and potatoes guy: we haven't had issue with tasting menu spots accommodating the non-seafood eating hub until just recently, so called a few days ahead of time to ensure he could get some meat substitutes vs just veggies. They assured us it wouldn't be a problem, however upon dining the waiter said vegetarian was the option. I let him know the hub is more meat and potatoes than veggie, but he came back with the chef wanted him to try that and could compromise with one course being a chicken dumpling. We didn't want to start a scene and push it more, but we were disappointed by this as beets and mushrooms aren't the hub's favorite by far. I understand chefs wanting diners to try their creations, but when a guest specifically indicates their preference and you're shelling out a good amount of money for just one meal, I'd like the establishment to be more accommodating. Overall had an enjoyable dining experience--especially since we serendipitously shared it with one of my best yelp buds and her +1--and will be back.
<review# 2853,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/5/2009,7/10/2010,1071,862,15,19,16>I treated myself and my daughter to a mani/pedi before my birthday celebration. Lynn and her staff all greeted us warmly, and had us sit in the big fluffy massage chairs. My daughter and I had a nice time chatting and reading the latest gossip magazines. I liked that they bust out warm stones to massage your legs with, but my massage was really weak. I also wish that the woman who worked on me would have paid more attention to scrubbing my heels, and that she would have trimmed my cuticles. I did not notice the sloppy polish job on my toes until later, and my fingernail polish chipped the same day. I don't treat myself to a manicure/pedicure often, so when I do, I expect it to be better than when I do it. It was not the worst, but if I ever return, I will be sure to see Lynn. I did notice Lynn working on artificial tips that looked great. Three stars for being super clean, and for the big, fluffy massage chairs.
<review# 2854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2009,7/8/2010,205,174,5,15,12>If you're set on going to a high end salon like Umbrella, but don't know which stylist to choose, you've stumbled upon the right review.I've been with Umbrella for a couple years now, and I've gotten haircuts from three different stylists.  All three gave me haircuts that I've loved.  Different styles.  Different colors.  Quality service.==================================================­===KHOI--I've gone to Khoi for a couple times already.  The first time, my mom & I wanted to try Umbrella.  He took me as a client, and his girlfriend (and fellow stylist) took my mom.  Both of us had a fabulous time.  WASHING HAIR + NECK MASSAGE = HEAVEN.  It feels so good.  He is always caring, and goes through a very thorough consultation, making sure he gets what you want.  Once, I got my hair dyed purple, and it washed out after a week *tear*.  I contacted the salon, and Khoi happily used a different type of purple in my hair, free of charge!  THANK YOUU!**Styles I've gotten from Khoi:-straight bangs w/ long, edgy layers-straight bangs. face framing layers. 3 purple color panels (L, R, back - all three were peek a boo highlights)==================================================­===JEN--My mom made my appt with Umbrella when I was back in Berkeley, so I told her to request for whichever stylist was available when I drove home.  That stylist was Jen.  Jen quickly greeted me with a smile and hug as she walked me to the chair and analyzed my hair.  Take note: I hadn't gotten my highlights retouched in...forever.  I blame school for making me busy and being an hour away.  She noted it, and with the time frame that I had, she knew it wasn't going to be enough to redo the highlights and add color.  BOOM.  Scheduled my next appt!  Anyways, back to Jen.  Jen is so fun, and always has a smile.  She's always down for girl talk & makes me feel beautiful throughout the entire process.  She has a great eye for color, and suggested a few colors for me when I got my highlights redone.  They were fab!  Too bad they washed out after a few months.  She has a GREAT memory, asking me about boyfriends, school, banquets, graduation (and remembering the exact dates!)**Styles I've gotten from Jen:-sideswept bangs w/ face framing layers-sideswept bangs w/ retouching highlights [a BEAUTIFUL shade of ash brown]-SHE GIVES FREE BANG TRIMS! Awesomeeee!==================================================­===YANINE--I decided to be a hair model for one of the assistants at Umbrella, Yanine.  She was so friendly when I walked in, and I loved her hair :)  That's a good sign, right?  Yanine is one of the assistants that will 'graduate' soon & will be one of the newest stylists, so I'm glad she was the one to cut my hair!  Through the hair model class, the haircut took a couple hours longer than if I made an appt at the salon with the other stylists, but this was acceptable since every step she took she had to get approval from Kien, the owner and person teaching the class.  Yanine talks you through the entire process, something I highly value in these stylists.  She may need to work on her "touch" as she sometimes scratched my scalp tossing my hair from side to side, as well as scratching my neck when she finger combed my hair, but otherwise, I was pleased with my haircut.  She gave me bangs with a bit of an edge (so that it wasn't the grown out "all in one piece / toupee" look as she called it).  And she always took note of my highlights.To those hesitant to be a model for a hair class, no worries.  A senior stylist, or one of the owners (like Kien) will be there to supervise.  Funny thing is, at the end of the haircut, Kien ended up styling my entire head instead of Yanine =P  Kien is FABULOUS and showed me so many cool hairstyles I could rock with my new 'do.  Maybe I'll try him next...**Style from Yanine:-piece-y sideswept bangs w/ long layers****If you're a hair model, the price of the cut is only $20.  Not bad for a high end salon :D  Call the salon for more details.==================================================­===OVERALL:Minus 1 star for a hit-or-miss receptionist.  Sometimes the receptionists are amazing and can give you all the details you need regarding which stylist you want to choose next.  Sometimes they're stupid and put you on hold for 20 MINUTES then forget you're on the other line.Otherwise, I'd give Umbrella 5 stars for quality treatment for their customers.  You get your money's worth.  They aren't product pushers, and once you step into the salon, their focus is solely on you.  Detail oriented stylists who are inspired by YOU are hard to come by...
<review# 2855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2009,7/7/2010,563,743,6,8,8>What's there to do on a Friday night in the South Bay? Bowling.That's right....no frills, no thrills, honest-to-goodness, wholesome fun. :) And no, I'm not talking about the glittery Strike kind of bowling either!My honey and I pulled up to 4th Street Bowl the other week and were surprised to find how crowded the parking lot was. Apparently this place was happenin' and it took me living in the Josie for over 6 years to find it!Despite the older appearance of the exterior building, the interior was pretty nice and quite clean---Stocked with arcade games, pool tables, bowling shop, bar with karaoke, and even a cafe (although it was currently being renovated). We went to the counter to get a lane but had to wait 20 minutes until the league players were through. We decided to grab a few beers in the bar to kill the time and were pleasantly surprised to find that the beers were cheap and the bar was filled with old school regulars. Always a good combo in my book.We ended up having a TON of fun that night and were happy to have a date night that wasn't something so typical for us. Prices were pretty reasonable at $5.50 per game and per person. Shoe rentals were $3.00 a pair and the pairs we had were fairly new and not icky at all! Staff at the alley were super nice too. We'll definitely be back....who knows, we may even join a league!
<review# 2856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,7/6/2010,216,303,30,17,23>Twas the night before dress shoppin' and all through the South Bay, not a bridal shop was open, no appointments for Saturday.Cell phone in hand I dialed Gabrielle's with care,and left a message, closed at 7, no one was there.Feeling such sadness "Should've planned earlier" I said,as visions of lace and modified A-lines danced in my head.Then on Saturday morning, my cell phone did clatter,I had on my sweatpants, but what does that matter?"May I please speak to Jennifer?" "That's me!" I said (in my sweatpants)."We have an appointment available at 3.""I'll take it!" (starting to dance!)But I had a question and was too scared to ask,regarding my budget and Yelp reviews of the past."I've heard you're really expensive, heard your gowns start at $5K...""We've got gowns starting at $1000, we'd love to see you today!"I arrived at the store, my family and friend at my side,"Hello! My name is Laura, you must be the bride!""What are looking for?" she said with smile,"I'm looking for lace! It's my favorite style!"I gave her dozens of magazine clippings in a neat stack,"Thank you for these! I will be right back!"We walked to the fitting room; it's so cute as can be!It had cushy seats for everyone, and big mirrors to see!Dress after dress, I narrowed it down.No sparkles! Maybe trumpet! This one makes me look like a clown!When all of a sudden, a Ramona Keveza did fit!"This feels like me! This dress is it!""It's over our budget..." Mom said with a sigh,"But I agree it looks FABULOUS!" we all started to cry!"Well let's talk about it," Laura said WITHOUT a push!I exclaimed, "I love this dress! It flatters my tush!"Laura proceeded to tell us we only need 50% down,and then 6 months later, pay for the rest of the gown!Mom whipped out the checkbook and I my savings card,thinking about how Laura did not make buying a dress hard!She was friendly and helpful and did NOT rush me at all,and she made the whole experience awesome, we had such a ball!I'd recommend Gabrielle's and give 5-stars so quick, 'cause other bridal shops will just make you feel sick!The service, the variety, not snobby, Gabrielle's is just right,Happy Dress Shopping to all and to all a goodnight!
<review# 2857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,9/7/2012,206,301,5,7,8>SOMEONE GIVE THIS MAN A MICHELIN STAR.I had theee tastiest, most tender pork tenderloin at Nick's. I don't know what got into me because I never order lean cuts of pork out of fear of having to suffer through a dry, flavorless meal, and the whole apple + pork combo is so overdone, isn't it? Chef Nick mixes it up with a refreshing marriage of pork + cherries. Is it possible for pork to be melt-in-your-mouth like Wagyu beef? I can attest: It is, at Nick's.It's an intimate, little space, and I'm sure the kitchen's even smaller... I don't know how such phenomenal food can be made in such tight quarters, but whatever's happening back there, it's working. Just be cautious of being seated at a table by the door on a chilly evening... Yes, you'll feel the draft in your bones each and every time someone sets foot in or out the restaurant. Definitely recommend TRUSTing THE CHEF for the appetizer course. Though we were hoping for the duck confit that everyone here raves about, our foie gras did not in any way disappoint. The arugula/endive/fennel/fruit salad was fantastic. Hubby's rib eye steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked, but the pork tenderloin really stole the show. Slammin' food. Great service. Reasonable price points. Let's do this again soon.
<review# 2858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,9/6/2012,748,351,7,16,11>I just can't stop updating my review on this place. These owners are simply "AWESOME" they're extremely nice and take care of their customers in every way. I just recently came here (AGAIN) and order the usual chicken wings (Jamaican jerk and lemon pepper) they wife is a big fan of their onion rings here, but she also wanted Cajun fries, only because she wanted something spicy, so her creative idea was to see if "Philly's" can make her some Cajun onion rings. So I asked them if they can make her onion rings Cajun spiced.......WALA! our order came to us just how I always want my chicken and this time exactly how the wifey wanted her onion rings. She was simply in love with these new onion rings. I come here frequently for my love of their chicken. They do have other things on their menu other than chicken such as CheeseSteaks and a few sides. I have had their CheeseSteaks here too and they are just as good. I don't think I've had Cheese Steaks anywhere else since coming here, but I mainly come her for their chicken wings.I have mentioned before about their customer service and the people that own this place just flat out know how to take care of their customers to make sure they keep coming back!KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GUYS, I'LL DEFINITELY COME BACK FOR MORE.
<review# 2859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,9/5/2012,94,203,9,12,8>One of the few places that can profess to serving 100% vegetarian (read no eggs) ice-cream. Nirvaanah means "bliss", so stop by for a dollop of bliss at this authentic Indian ice- cream joint. They even have a sugar-free pistachio flavor in addition to many indigenous  Indian ice-cream flavors.So here's the breakdown of my rating:One star: For finally being one of the few stores that sells Cassata (or rainbow) ice-cream -a delicious legacy of my childhood in India.                                                      +One star: For the wide variety of unique flavors- fig and walnut, blueberry cheesecake, pista, chickoo, tutti frutti, rose and even a few that are inspired by popular India desserts- mava kulfi, gajar ka halwa, even mitha paan (yumm!), just to name a few.                                                      +One star: For the reasonable prices- $2.99 for the small scoop and $3.79 for the small scoop sugar-free.                                                       +One star: For the special occasion cakes to order ($20 upwards), lip-smacking kulfis and faloodas. Throw in the friendly service to boot!                                                      +One star: For the flavor of the month- Sitaphal (sweet- apple or custard apple). Actually  the Sitaphal is so popular that it has been the flavor of the month since 2010! Buy a scoop or buy a pint size carton from the freezer and relish it at home!And the grand total is               = An undisputed five stars in my book!
<review# 2860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,9/4/2012,66,116,8,19,6>Pay $6 per vehicle to park. In the summer, it increases to $10 on the weekends.From the entrance on White Rd., turn right, you will end up at Raging Waters. Turning left will take you to picnic areas, the skate park and marina. Great place for walking/jogging.The Skate ParkThe 68,000 sq. feet skate park boasts to be the largest in California. It features the world's largest cradle, tallest vert wall, and largest full pipe. It offers a wide variety of terrain for all skill levels to learn and enjoy. Everyone using the skate park must fill out a liability waiver on file before skating/riding. Hours of operations differ from park hours. 408-794-SKATe (7528)The MarinaThe marina offers a place for public boat launch ramps, dock space and boat trailer parking for non-gas-engine boat under 16 feet. It also offers sail boats, pedal boats, and row boats for rent. $100 will buy you a sailing class or camp for beginners to intermediate sailors ages 12 and older. Ranger station and first-aid is located here. 408-974-7577. The LakeThis man made lake is amply stock for fishing with a valid California fishing license. The lake is supposedly stocked with stripers, large mouth, small mouth bass, and walleyes, but I've only ever had luck with crappies, blue gills and catfish. It's actually a really great place for catfish. fishingnotes.com/lakeinf This lake is a great place to go to if you are a bird watcher. Migratory birds, such as herons, egrets and pelicans often come through here. Canadian Goose live here several months out of the year. Red-tail hawks are often spotted soaring above and on slower weekdays have been observed sunning. Jack rabbits and grey squirrels are plenty. It's illegal to feed the wildlife. PicnickingMany picnic locations are available around the park on a first come first serve basis (one adult may come and stake their claim in the morning). Air jumpers are permitted in this park. Parties of 35 up to 400 people should call to make reservations and find out fees. 408-794-7275 Volleyball courts and horseshoe pits available at first come first serve basis.Raging WatersThe water park is located inside to the right of the entrance on White Rd. It's not a super huge amusement park, but a season pass is around $45 and pays itself off in one and a half visits. Their are six tube slides (the three Serpentine slides, The Great White, and two more that I can't remember the name of), Shotgun falls, a wave pool, pirate cove, obstacles and an endless river. Food and drink is a little pricey and customer service is about as much as you can expect from highschoolers. (408) 238-9900.
<review# 2861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,9/3/2012,210,372,4,6,7>My friend has a mean streak in her.  Case in point?  I've given up sweets for Lent, and where does she choose to meet?  Fleur de Cocoa, oh the agony!!!  There I was sitting in my favorite bakery surrounded by delicious sweets and unable to do more than sip at my cup of coffee.  Tarts, eclairs, and cookies (mmmm...) but I'm happy to say I remained strong and resisted temptation.  The desserts at Fleur de Cocoa are absolutely scrumptious, they are meticulously made and the quality has been consistent over the years.  My favorite dessert is their passion fruit tartelette, the flavor is simultaneously sweet and slightly tart.  I'm addicted to lilikoi (passion fruit) when I'm in Hawaii so it's no wonder that this is my favorite dessert.  The moment I'm free to enjoy sweets again I'm heading straight to Fleur de Cocoa!
<review# 2862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,9/2/2012,97,101,17,12,9>We wanted to camp close to home this year for my 5 year old son's birthday since we invited family friends and didn't think they would want to drive 3 hours just to sleep on the ground somewhere and saw  great reviews on yelp and decided to check it out. The first thought I had was, cool... they have an actual check in center (cabin) with all sorts of information about the campgrounds and the animals and trails, etc.   I then proceeded to check in and was immediately told by a Junior Ranger (don't know if that was really his title, but that's what I want to call him) that we had reserved a Disabled User only site and that they were completely booked and that we were not getting our money back. And that's exactly how he said it... no breath in between. I kept my smile frozen in place and told him that he was going to find me a campsite because my boys had waited a whole year for this and that it was not my fault that Reserve America didn't warn me about not being able to reserve that specific site. He then told me that this issue was above his pay level and proceeded to get the Ranger.  After about 20 minutes, the Ranger (who was super cool) assured me that he would not be sending us home, and that we would be getting a great site. True enough, we did! It was huge and far from the parking spot and from camping neighbors...(Sempervirens lot 168 peeps). Needless to say we ended up having a great time. It's definitely kid friendly and the redwoods were so beautiful. We saw blue jays, chipmunks and the guys swear that something crawled through the site and made growling noises (of course this happened while the women were away).I can't say much about the trails because we literally did not leave our site this year to go on an adventure, but I am sure I will find out soon as I will definitely return here for last minute quickie camping trips. PROS: *Coin operated showers (clean)*Electricity Outlets for those who just HAVE to blow dry their hair*Cabin options for those who refuse to sleep in a tent*Lots of different trailsCONS:* Campsites are too close together (unless you get lot 168) so if you have noisy neighbors you will really want to kill them (or yourself , if you are polite).
<review# 2863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,9/1/2012,285,153,7,7,5>It really is interesting that this place flew under my radar for so long. How many times did I stroll by this restaurant on Sunday mornings during the Campbell Farmers Market and never notice they were there? Ended up here earlier this year for an impromptu birthday gathering and I've been a regular ever since.First of all, I love the low lighting and wood-backed benches inside this place. I almost feel like I want to bring a pillow and some blankets and get all cozy while I wait for my dinner to be served. The bar is never overcrowded and it has that feeling like most of the people getting drinks are regulars who are on a first name basis with the bartender.Service is always very good here, even when the place is slammed. Love to give credit where credit is due; Nicole seems to be their best server, if you get her, you are indeed lucky! I have never considered myself a fan of thin crust pizza, but with this place I make an exception. They have some really good options with toppings and will even do a wheat crust if that's your thing. Even the most simple pie, the quattro fromaggi is surprisingly good at this place. My absolute favorite here is the Triolese; mozzarella, smoked prosciutto, onion and bleu cheese.A new pizza place has recently opened down the street and I've noticed that they're perpetually crowded. It's good to see that the new place hasn't stolen a good chunk of business from La Pizzeria. If you want fabulous authentic thin crust pizza, you'll stay loyal to La Pizzeria. If you're a fan of typical American style pizza, I'm sure they'd love to have you down the street ... leaves more room for me in my cozy little pizza joint.
<review# 2864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,8/31/2012,146,29,6,16,11>I had a smog test for my toyota camry 95 and it did not pass the  test. The manager helped me filing for car retirement and I got $1000 back from DMV. He was so helpful. I did not even know that I could get money out of the car thinking I should even pay money to throw the car out!
<review# 2865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,8/30/2012,360,550,1,8,5>A nice reastaurant on the corner of Monterey Street and W. 3rd Street.  We had dinner with some friends at the outdoor patio which was nice because the Thursday Night Street Dance event was going on right across the street and we could hear the live music by a band that rocked!  The place was obviously popular because almost all the tables were occupied and I think we were lucky to get in without a reservation.We never got a basket of bread and I never asked because I wasn't very hungry but every other table got one.  When we were finally served our entrees, one of our friends asked for bread and our server apologized for not realizing he didn't give us any.  We had seafood cobb salad, stuffed chicken and the Ladera Papperdelle.  All were good but my papperdelle could have not had so much friggin butter.  I thought I'd have a coranary by the end of the night if I ate one more bite!  Other than the super buttery pesto sauce, the dish was quite delicious and the pasta tasted homemeade.  I really loved the pasta.We enjoyed our meal and they don't slam dunk the bill on the table to try and hurry you out.  Then we walked across the street and listened to some good live music outside for an hour or so.  Not bad for a weeknight!
<review# 2866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,8/29/2012,255,170,18,11,10>I'm a patient of Tim!Tim is very clean, tidy, neat, courteous, polite and just respectful! That's just him. He is one talented dude! You should see his doodles and sketches! Really a gifted artist!Tim doesn't smoke or smell..and that is a huge difference when you have to sit in a chair for hours getting inked! Let me ask you something...Have you ever sat in a chair while the artist is detoxing, when you can smell the alcohol from his breath?!? Hey..that smells like a Bloody Mary mixed with pancakes...Is that what you had after last call?!?!Nothing like having an artist needing a smoke break to calm his nerves!! Breath like an ashtray!! Gross!! Yuck! Seriouly think about it!One time, while I was in Iowa visiting my father, he booked time with this artist who was supposedly great...He was Huge!! Maybe 350lbs!! The tattoo turned out great, but I had to smell his B.O. and the smegma that was oozing from his body!! Do you know what smegma smells like? Anyways..Bring in what ever you would like permanently tattooed to your precious skin and Tim will transform it into a master piece!
<review# 2867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2007,8/22/2007,138,362,12,14,13>I need a new stomach.  My current one is doing too much complaining after I ate too much food at the Eugeapaloza followed by a foray into Filipino breakfast at Cherry Garden.  Arnold G. had been telling me about Cherry Garden ever since he had breakfast there, and I was so delighted he put together a Cherry Garden event that I took the BART all the way to Fremont.  Oh, the power of food.I had the bangsilog which is this beautiful plate with two mounds of the most wonderful garlic fried rice topped by two eggs with a fried fish lying next to the two mounds.  Don't let the word "breakfast" fool you.  Really, think of it as 3 meals in one. First meal: garlic fried rice with an egg over easy (I chose to have my egg over easy despite the concerns of the waitress who mentioned salmonella and the potential ensuing diarrhea...but for those of you who choose not to live so dangerously, you could have the eggs cooked medium to ward off the evils of salmonella, but then you'd be missing out on the loveliness of egg yolk running into your rice).Second meal: garlic fried rice with another egg over easy and the wonderful fried fish.Third meal: more rice with the deep fried pork leg that Steph P. and I decided must be ordered as an extra.  Yummmm, deep fried pork leg.  I love munching on pork hooves...what can I say, there's a deeply ingrained cavewoman inside of me.  In other words, I am Asian.    Yes, I was staggering after the meal.   But, hmmm, there's a Nation's across the parking lot.  I got a slice of their banana cream pie...which is a meal in itself.
<review# 2868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2007,8/21/2007,930,548,5,13,11>Situated on busy San Carlos street, this place can be easy to miss... and i hope you don't cause this place is AWESOME.I tried the laziz special with chicken, and for 4.99 it was a great value, not to mention incredibly tasty, who knew something so simple could be so good! This was my first time to really try Lebanese cuisine, and the guy working there provided outstanding service with advice on what to order.The place wasn't very busy, but they really should be... it's quite good. Five yelp stars good.
<review# 2869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2007,8/20/2007,88,60,5,10,10>After our last hike we ate a good meal here which totally primed me for craving another meal at Alice's while on our second DYK hike (yelp.com/biz/_Ugn_4Hm5cB)On our 8.8 mile - up /down - cold /hot - hike on Saturday--the last  1/10 of a mile was all about getting to Alice's to eat, drink hot chocolate and feel that post hike elation.This is stick to your ribs very satisfying food. Had the hot chocolate with whipped cream to accompany both visits--the microbrews looked great (and sounded like they were, too from my co-diners) but it was just too cold to be drinking beer.The best thing on the menu? The garlic fries! First time I also had some of the group's onion rings, too ~ and shared buffalo wings with Joy. Next visit was a pretty tasty grilled chicken and pesto sandwich that was more than enough for a hungry hiker. And lots more of the tasty garlic fries! ...and onion rings.location, location, location (in the city this would be 3 stars) but I love this place and it's perfect 'ground you after the hike' food. Folks who run it are nice, too. AND the bathroom has a kickass heater ; )
<review# 2870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2007,8/18/2007,3057,2814,64,17,33>For my 300th review, I have to go back...way, way back...Dear Diary,It was the night of my senior prom. I was so excited because Mary Ferguson told me she'd be my date to the defining event of my life. I asked her a month earlier, but she said yes two days before the dance. Oh joy. Oh rapture.I rented a powder blue tuxedo with gold-fringed lapels and a ruffle shirt with a red bow tie. I decided to buy some Stri-Dex to rub out a new harvest of acne on my cheeks. Fortunately, my dad had an extra tube of Brylcreem to get my cowlick to behave. The left stem of my glasses had broken off but nothing a piece of duct tape can't cure. I looked hot.Mary was a Song Girl, a member of the elite squad of debutantes who led the pep rallies with thigh-high white boots and tulle pom-poms. There may be Yelp Elite, but Song Girls were in a different category altogether. They were way above the meatier-looking cheerleaders on the social ladder since they didn't look like lesbians...well, lesbians who put out. I couldn't believe she said yes. I got her a corsage that I wired together from my mom's hydrangea bush. I was psyched. Oh joy. Oh rapture.My dad took us to the gym in his 1963 Rambler station wagon. I really wanted to impress her. When we entered the gym, I was overcome by all the tissue-paper flowers and glitter streamers that I helped make as secretary of the Senior Prom Decoration Committee. Mary and I entered to audible gasps and looks of judgmental disbelief. I just knew my suit would make a good impression. We had to take off our shoes since the floors were just buffed.The football team surrounded Mary while I went to retrieve some punch. But then Mary was on the dance floor with Elmo Kowalski, the quarterback. I was glad Mary was having a good time. I sat in the bleachers watching everyone having a good time. I was so frickin' happy I spent all those afternoons learning the Hustle from my 73-year old music teacher, Miss Steinway.I waited...and waited. Mary came by at about 10 to tell me she had a headache and asked Elmo to take her home. Oh OK, sure. The gym emptied to echoes of laughter as I walked alone to the door. When I went outside, it was raining really hard. Someone stole my shoes. My dad forgot to come back to pick us up. I had to walk in the rain in my soaking socks.It was still early, so I went to Winchell's Donuts and ordered a dozen donuts - 2 crullers, 2 old-fashioned glazed, 2 old-fashioned chocolate, 2 cinnamon bars, 2 chocolate twists, and 2 apple fritters. You know, my regular order. A bunch of Elmo's no-neck buddies came in and doused me with their cans of Bud. It was still raining when I finished, so I walked the ten blocks home getting mud-splashed by the passing cars.I got home around midnight. My dad wagged his finger and scolded me for being a thoughtless hooligan out carousing with alcoholic, shoeless thugs. I told my mom I had a nice time...no joy...no rapture.The preceding story is a highly fictionalized account of a typical expectation-crushing time during my adolescence at Piedmont Hills High. I left out the bucket of pig's blood and all those kids dying in the fire. But Piedmont Hills still rocks even if I haven't been back since the Watergate years.  Go Pirates!
<review# 2871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2007,8/17/2007,0,0,9,14,12>The best Greek restaurant in the United States. Period. This comes from a former chef who's sampled some amazing Greek cuisine in Chicago, NYC, L.A., Salt Lake City (...), and for 17 years, Greece. Dio Deka means "Two Tens" in Greek; it can also mean "Twelve" depending on context. This place was started by 5 guys; chefs and restaurant managers who used to run Evvia in Palo Alto. I hope they open up a restaurant in Athens someday because it'll be a smash; for now they're busy building their 8 month old business in Los Gatos.They deserve an extra 5-stars for their service. The presentation of all their dishes and the attentiveness of the waitstaff are at a level only known to patrons of the Ritz-Carlton Dining Room in the city.The appetizers: Bell Pepper & Roasted Feta Dip; a spicy, garlicky and creative combination of aromas. It's baked just right and served with grilled ciabatta.Dolmades (grape leaves): OK these are the best dolmades I have ever had in my life (and I grew up in Greece). Minced beef, fresh herbs, spices, marinated in Metaxa Brandy and folded into freshly prepared grape leaves.Keftedes (meatballs): Again, an A+ here. They use a very fancy variation on the traditional Greek meatball recipe. It was hard to decipher what was in there with regards to herbs and spices, but whatever it was... it worked.Horta: Flash-boiled organic greens served with olive oil. You have to try these! Full-flavored and very healthy.Lobster Avgolemono Soup: This is a variation of the traditional avgolemono (stands for egg-lemon soup). Their chef deserves a medal for this creation. There's actual lobster in the soup (not just broth) and he uses orzo past instead of rice. It's the first time I had this, and it won't be the last.Lamb Shank with Cheese/Truffle Rice: Absolutely decadent. The portions are large, and the lamb is slow-baked with fresh herbs, to the point where you can cut it with a spoon. What makes this dish though (and all their entrees for that matter) is the presentation. Large hexagonal and parallelogram shaped dishes are used like a canvas by the chef to present his scrumptious creations.House Steak: This is a T-Bone/fillet cut that will make you forget any "hidden gem" dive steak house in Texas, and may even tempt a few vegans to cross-over. Cooked to order using house spices and quickly charred. Once again, an incredible presentation.Desserts: I know.... how could you even think of dessert after a feast like this? Well we did. Their made-to-order mantra is reflected here once more. The Napoleons are freshly made; meaning the creme-patisserie is freshly prepared/whipped and folded into home-made french pastry. It's topped with macadamia nuts and powder sugar. This is a HUGE dessert; be sure to share it unless you want to keep 9,000 calories all to yourself. The Galaktoboureko (egg-semolina custard in a filo shell) is a very high-end/gourmet variation on the original Greek recipe; very well done. The Holy Grail of desserts however was their Honey-Yogurt w/ Fruit. This was another decadent creation using imported Greek yogurt, honey, berries, kiwi, caramelized macadamia nuts and it's served in a thin caramelized cookie/waffle bowl. Describing this concoction doesn't do it justice. Save some room and make sure you order it.Oh... and you get free valet parking at the Joie de Vive Hotel.Overall.... not bad!
<review# 2872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2007,8/16/2007,281,420,23,38,14>This place has such a strange & sterile name...it's mostly been known to me as "The Korean Health Spa".  My friend went with me today and wow...it was certainly different.If you're a fan of frou-frou aromatherapy, cucmber water, dim lighting, privacy curtains, slippers that spas like Burke Williams feature, this place is NOT that.  This place is a spa for the hardcore.  A place dominated by older Korean ladies who socialize and perform spa services on each other.  You will be scrubbed head to toe until you are squeaky clean, massaged until you are jelly, and roughly flipped/pushed/nudged on the massage bed.  And, if you're like me, you'll like it.Pricing:Full Body Care = $65Spa Usage = $18 (mandatory)Environment:You can bring your own snacks and bath care products.  Unless you are a hardcore Herbal Essences lover - I would recommend the latter.  Snacks, as I've discovered, are KEY.This place is not for the shy.  Upon removing your shoes, you enter a hardwood covered room which is oddly like someone's living room...  There is a heated raised platform where women lounge, chat, eat, nap.  More on this later.Once you strip (not sure if it's mandatory, but no one was in bathing suits), you enter the wetroom where EVERYTHING happens.  There are 3 pools - hot, warm and cold.  1 steam room, 1 sauna.  Also, several showers and a curtained off section where ALL services are performed. For $18, you can lounge all day.  Many women came with their own spa items and started loofahing, scrubbing in a section that seemed to be built/encourages just that.There are 3 beds in the service area - again, all wet so your technician will be dressed in an odd see-throughish black bra & underwear set.  It sounds more disturbing, but in actuality, it wasn't an issue (since I was completely naked).We ordered the Full Body Care and at $65, we got the following:- Full body scrub.  You can take your shower scrubs and toss them because oh.my.god these women and their gloves remove, I swear, remove SEVERAL epidermal layers.  It was kind of gross, but fascinating.  Like bellybutton lint.  I won't lie - this process is a bit jarring - painful even.  But you are smooooooooooooth like butter.- Herbal mask.  Not sure what this was, but it felt great.  They do scrub your face with the body gloves...for those with sensitive skin, I'd recommend telling them ahead of time to take it easy (whether your technician listens/understands is a completely different story).- Oil rubdown.  Sure this is probalby Johson & Johnson, but after the brutal scrub...this feels heavenly.- Milkwash.  This goes all over your face & body.  Feels heavenly.- Massage.  All of the above-mentioned services are performed as if you're a cadavar on a table and you WILL get touched in places reserved for "special" people.  The massage is no different.  I know it sounds harsh, but I actually got pretty relaxed and almost fell asleep.In between all these services, you are doused with hottish water (again, jarring) with warm towels tossed in various intervals.  With the lack of privacy curtains, you and your equally naked friend can wince at each other.So...why do I give this place 4 stars?  Because of the lack of frou-frouness and how good I feel now, sitting in bed, with SUPER SOFT skin and & less achey muscles.  I appreciate the thoroughness - I was scrubbed in between my fingers!   I took off 1 star because I felt like this place could have been more sanitized. Anyway, I will be back but now.  I also now understand vividly what it feels like to be literally be handled like a piece of meat.
<review# 2873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,8/15/2007,2065,133,57,10,27>COSTCO ROCKS!!!DISCLAIMER:  I am a stockholder!  A very happy stockholder!!WARNING:  Under any circumstance  DO NOT come here on the weekends.  The place is complete chaos...and that's just in the parking lot.Forget Apple and the iPhone, I'm nominating Costco for Marketer of the Year!  Someone had the foresight to go to the local retirement home, roundup a bunch of old folks, throw them into white jumpsuits, slap a hairnet on them, give them a microwave and tell them they're on Iron Chef.....Cook away my friend!  I have never seen a complete crowd frenzy for a lobster ravioli.  People will run over you, push you aside, threaten your manhood....all in the name of free food!  BRILLIANT!!  We will charge you $50 for the luxury of shopping at our store.  BRILLIANT!  We will have a return policy better than Nordstrom's. BRILLIANT!  You will wait in lines longer than at the Pirates of the Caribbean.  BRILLIANT.To sum it all up!  Where else can you get a hot dog and a coke for a dollar something or a $40,000 diamond....BRILLIANT.
<review# 2874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2007,8/14/2007,126,88,19,13,11>Since I work with many fine folks from India, naturally we come here for lunch...and you know what? I love it!If I came here by myself I'd wouldn't know how to order. So I let my co-workers do all the talking and I watch and learn. However my only request is to make it less spicy because this place sure knows how to pack a punch into each dish.The menu consists of delicious items from both north (my fave) and south India. Palak Paneer rocks!I especially love coming here to check out the latest bollywood flick playing on the tele. The plot is always the same...-Boy meets girl (they dance)-boy loses girl (they dance some more)-girl is torn between 2 men, 1 goodboy, 1 badboy (girl dances with both men)-girl is confused but eventually choses goodboy (girl dances with her friends until goodboy shows up...friends giggle amongst themselves)-parents of girl don't like goodboy because he isn't a doctor or lawyer (boy dances with girls parents)-Parents eventually accept goodboy because he wins lottery (boy and girl dances with parents)-boy and girl finally come together (they dance in Switzerland)Always the same but somehow, I still love watching it!Staff is friendly.
<review# 2875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2007,8/12/2007,207,336,9,6,8>Finger-lickin' chicken fo sho!I used to love this place when I went to Santa Clara University.  I remember when they changed this place from a Cluck U to University Chicken.  They took out the drive thru, which was a shame, and added more indoor space, cool.  Nevertheless, the menu stayed and so did the great food.Freshman year we'd make Cluck U runs at like 2 a.m. for some chicken and fries.  God, talk about the freshman 15.  Thanks Cluck U!  Sophomore year after drinking at a day party all day, I decided to take the 911 Challenge with 3 of the guys that lived at Buffalo House.  Now, I was always much more of a devil bite girl than a wingers girl.  I just don't like working my way around the bones for the chicken.  Anyway, we drunkenly staggered into the restaurant and signed the waivers that would set us free to eat the hottest wings known to man-kind.  Now, the challenge is this: You must eat 12 Global-Thermo Nuclear chicken wings all meat off the bone in 10 minutes with nothing to drink and using no napkins.  I regret to inform you that I did not pass the challenge.  But on the bright side, I did eat more than any of the 3 boys I took the challenge with.  Our chicken wings came and it basically looked like a heaping pile of diarrhea.  I'm talking a big pile of black sauce.  You couldn't even see the chicken wings...but they were in there.  I ate 4 whole chicken wings.  Then I couldn't eat anymore.  I pride myself on being one of those people that can win hot sauce contests and have a stomach that welcomes battery acid and lighter fluid, but the 911 challenge brought me to my knees.  I begged my boyfriend to go to the Safeway next door and buy me some milk.  My mouth was on fire.  My stomach was having World War III.  One guy I took the challenge with went to the bathroom and puked.  The rest of the night, I was in severe pain.  I don't know if it was the booze, or the wings, or the combination, but I felt like dying.Junior year I lived with girls that didn't eat, so we didn't venture there too often.Senior year I was too busy going to San Francisco to hang out with my boyfriend at the time to get a lot of University Chicken experience, but we'd still go for some beers and chicken.Now, what I miss more than anything, are the devil bites.  Devil bites are a mix between breast bites and chicken wings.  They're chicken fingers with the winger sauce.  The combination is heaven.  Now, I've tried the majority of sauce levels on the devil bites and found that I like the traditional the best.  The scale from mildest to hottest goes like this: mild, traditional, atomic, nuclear, traditional death, traditional nuclear, global-thermo nuclear.  Now, I like spicy, spicy foods, but I found the traditional sauce to have the best flavor.  The global-thermo nuclear is black and tastes like crushed-up peppers.  I like a little tang and vinegar taste to my wing sauce.  Now you might wonder, well why not try the atomic it's a level hotter than the traditional, but again, the traditional flavor was just always my favorite.  To be honest, no wing sauce I've tasted to date has compared to this traditional sauce.  Take that Hooters!
<review# 2876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,8/11/2007,344,808,6,14,12>The three founders are all Manresa, Fleur de Cocoa and/or Sent Sovi alumni.  That's ALL you need to know, heh. In the interest of detail, though...    I tried three items today.    I am not a sweets person but I liked everything.  For me to say that is impressive. Lemon poppy seed loaf... a huge slice, incredibly moist, almondy and lemony but not too tart.  Rasberry Vanilla Opera Cake (Individual dessert)  ...  A moist but light and flaky napoleon type dessert layered with raspberry and vanilla cream.  With one perfectly juicy raspberry and a white chocolate accent on top.  Powdered sugar on the bottom.  Chocolate Mousse Cake  (Individual dessert)  ...  Rich, thick, creamy dark chocolate mousse surrounded by a thin layer of light, b&w striped cake, with ganache (I think) and an amazing dark chocolate truffle perched on top.  Decadent.  Everything was completely delicious and incredibly beautiful to look at.  A rare combination.  Well worth the prices.  Service was great.I would like to see them put their special order information up the on the website.   Cost of sheet cakes, flavors, filling options, etc.  That would be helpful.    They have some options listed in kind of a catalog inside the shop that are not readily apparant if you don't take the time to look - like the honey rosemary cake, for example.  Having that information on the website might help.    Also, descriptions of the desserts and cakes to go along with the existing photos would be great. I ordered a cake for a coworker and will pick it up on Tuesday and I imagine it will be everything I expect it to be.   Leaving a star off til then.. I'll report back.UPDATE:  The cake was fantastic.  I ordered the midnight cake with cream cheese filling and chocolate ganache.  They decorated it with fresh raspberries and white chocolate accents and everyone raved that it was one of the best cakes they'd ever had.  Not too sweet, very moist...    "a slice of heaven", one person said.  Score!
<review# 2877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,9/22/2010,262,162,11,10,10>I now understand Archie's review about the dude that opens up a hot loaf and says, "We have freshly baked bread!"It's a little gimmicky but plays up the name of the place. I heard this place was a sister store of California Sourdough, and now that I live downtown I was excited for a yummy sourdough sammich!First thing I noticed was that their menu was smaller... We had the Garlic Herb as well as the Russian Sandwich. Good sandwiches but the bread is a touch different than California Sourdough. I'm used to the Spicy Turkey there and given the time, I'll make the extra drive.All in all, its nice to know where the good eateries near my house :) Lunch anyone?
<review# 2878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,9/21/2010,290,302,45,19,25>I like big pies and I can not lieYou other brothers can't denyWhen the-server walks-in with that super-tasty-bakeA hot thang you gotta take,You get sprungWanna pull up toughCuz you notice that pie is stuffedDeep in the plate she's servingI'm hooked and I can't stop staringOh, baby I wanna get with itAnd take it's pictureMy homeboys tried to warn meThat pie filling you gotMake Me so horneyOoh, pie of sweet lustYou say you wanna get in my mouthWell use-me use-me cuz you aint no average crust
<review# 2879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,9/20/2010,129,87,4,6,4>First Impressions: This place was actually introduced to me by my boyfriend that works around the corner here. He said they have happy hour on Friday too, so I wanted to go see what are the cheap eats he's talking about. This place was packed with cars! You walk in sports were on TV and the food line was almost to the entrance. Decor: It is the barnyard feel, and decorated with all different types of people from teens, working adults, to college students. It is not very open and a lot of segregated rooms. There is also a huge outdoor sitting area. Service: It is pretty simple, you stand in line, look at the menu on the wall and order your booze and food. The menu is on the wall, they give you your beer and pager instantly. Now you fend for a table, watch out because everyone else is looking for one too! When your pager goes off, you go to the kitchen and pick up the food, condiments, and silverware. Taste:  I want to say that their food was out of this world, but it was just good.  On taste alone, I would give this place a 3+ stars, but to put the price into play, it deserves another star!  It is like theme park food, where you think it is so good because it hits the right childhood spot, but really it is just A-OK!Specialty: Definitely their Specials/Happy Hour menu which is listed below for you:Monday 4:00pm-9:00pm - All Cheesesteaks are 1/2 price 4:00pm-6:00pm - Bud, Coors Light, and MGD $4.50 a pitcher Tuesday 4:00-10:00pm - All Chicken is 1/2 price Wednesday 4:00pm-10:00pm - Burger Bash, all hamburgers 1/2 price Thursday 4:00pm-8:00pm - Well Drinks $1.99 & Bud, Coors Light, and Miller $4.50 a pitcher Friday 4:00pm-10:00pm - Cheap Eats, all appetizers 1/2 price Saturday 11:30am-9:00pm - Burger Bash, all hamburgers 1/2 price Price: $10/person (without booze) Recommendations: I recommend their burgers and sandwiches! Whatever it sounds like on the menu, it is exactly what you get, nothing special, nothing out of this world.  As for appetizers, I like the bacon cheese fries, steak quesadillas, jalapeno poppers, calamari, chicken tenders.  Oh well, try them all, at $3-4 a pop, might as well!
<review# 2880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,9/19/2010,250,205,5,9,8>Serendipity led us here the other day and discovered something refreshing.  10-12 happy hour.  I think we attacked just about everything on the menu.  Though, I missed out on the pork belly and the unagi roll, but I'm not bitter (you bastards).The $2.90, $3.90 and $4.90 were nice little price breaks, I particularly liked the karokke and the oyster shooter.  All of the sashimi was fresh, and the rolls that I did have weren't over-riced, and were nice.  I'm not a huge fan of rolls.  It just blends too many flavors til it becomes an assumption, not a distinction.  The staff and bartenders are friendly and great with recommendations.  The joint is nice and comfortable.  Definitely felt like we could relax and enjoy ourselves.
<review# 2881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,9/18/2010,563,743,5,9,7>Loved, loved, LOVED this shop! I was in need of some decorating tools and my usual go-to places just didn't carry what I wanted. Did a quick search on Yelp and found that Barbara of Pauline's was just a hop-skip-and-a-jump from home.Pulled up to a tiny little shop in Willow Glen on a Saturday morning. The bf and I walked in to find a little shop filled with all kinds of goodies. From top to bottom, left to right--TONS of baking supplies.I picked up 3 piping tips--2 large ones that I couldn't find anywhere, beautiful pressed sugar flowers, sanding sugar, and guava extract. Mind you, my total cost spent was a fraction of what it would cost in other shops.I seriously could have spent HOURS here looking at all their stuff but I was on a baking deadline :(  No worries, I'll definitely be back.Cash or Check Only.ps. Don't let the older exterior dissuade you from coming in :)
<review# 2882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2009,9/17/2010,205,174,10,16,8>WARNING: I am a girl who doesn't really eat ice cream.  Please don't stone me to death...After months of my mother's nagging about this GREAT ice cream place, I decided to check it out.  Treat Ice Cream, like many other Yelpers have noted, is an ice creamery that sells its ice cream to different distributors, like Lundardi's!  They also sell their ice creams to different restaurants, so you might be having their ice cream as dessert the next time you go out!  Many times, I don't eat ice cream because I always have to chug a glass of water for every spoonful I have, but with Treat, I can devour it because it is so creamy and LIGHT!  There isn't that creamy fatty aftertaste that stays on your tastebuds for a second too long... It is perfection at its best.This is QUALITY ice cream AT THE SOURCE.Check out all their flavors!*Banana Nut*Black Walnut*Brownie ala Mode (very similar to Tin Roof Sundae, except brownies instead of nuts)*Bubble Gum*Burgundy Cherry*Butter Pecan*Chocolate*Chocolate Chip*Chocolate Fantasy*Chocolate Mint Flake*Coconut*Coconut-pineapple*Coffee*Coffee Almond Fudge*Cookie Dough*Cookie Mint Krunch*Cookies n Cream (Delicious!  Think of double stuffed oreos mashed in with thick, creamy ice cream.  It ain't just "vanilla n oreos"... it's the real deal). *Green Tea (my mom swears by this one...)*Heath Bar Krunch*Macapuno (a different 'type' of coconut)*Mango (one of their most popular flavors)*Maple Nut*Marble Black Raspberry*Marble Butterscotch*Marble Fudge*Mocha Chip*Old Fashion Vanilla*Peanut Butter Cup*Peppermint Fudge Ripple*Peppermint Stick*Pistachio*Pralines n Caramel*Rocky Road*Strawberry*Strawberry Cheesecake*Strawberries n Cream*Tin Roof Sundae (Tin Roof Sundae runs out FAST!  It is made every Monday, so grab yours early in the week)*Ube (purple yam)*Vanilla+++ Check out their seasonal flavors too!Not to fear, they also serve Low Fat ice cream, as well as sorbets, sherbets, yogurt, etc.For $4.75 a pop, you're better off getting fresh ice cream here than anywhere else.  They don't sell these suckers by the cone, so you better have a spoon ready in your car if you can't wait...Be careful though, it's really a "hidden" gem in San Jose... [see photos so you won't get lost next time... ;)]
<review# 2883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,9/16/2010,443,285,25,29,23>I was just about to pay my registration renewal fees online when I noticed those 4 ugly bold letters at the top of my dmv paper - "STOP!" Ugh, I was due for a smog check. Not knowing where to go, I asked around and was recommended by many to come to MT Smog. And I'm so glad I did!Super friendly staff and service was extremely efficient and hassle free! Best of all, their prices are incredibly cheap! $24.75 + certificate and ETF. No hidden charges or anything like that. What a steal right? They even have a waiting room with comfy couches and a tv to entertain you during your short wait. Very accomodating as they offer refreshments as well! GREAT way to make the time go by faster for their customers - but the wait wasn't even long at all. I was pretty much in and out in 10 minutes! Oh how i just love lightning quick and reliable service! =]I really dread getting smog checks, so I pretty much waited till almost my due date to even go. But after coming here, it wasn't bad at all! I'd definitely recommend this place to everyone for all their smog needs!
<review# 2884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,9/14/2010,1596,841,14,16,16>So I've been back many-a-time to dine in at Forbes Mill, and let me say that the food is wonderful as take out, and simply spectacular! What's even better is that I can visit Purrsnickety while I'm around. Ironically, I haven't had much steak here, since my favorite entree is their seared ahi tuna. It's just absolutely perfect, beyond description. Their prime rib is also one of my favorite in terms of seasoning and tenderness. I've tried many of their appetizers, soups, salads, etc. and they've all been pretty good. I especially like any tomato based bisques, and their foie gras appetizer. Yes, prices are expensive here, but it's a "Nice Restaurant". Usually the staff doesn't discriminate if you're in jeans and a hoodie, but I noticed that generally the difference between getting bad service and good service depends on who is working the front, and not whether or not you make a reservation. If you have a special occasion or just want to splurge on a tasty dining experience, I highly reccomend Forbes Mill. I shall be back!
<review# 2885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,9/13/2010,1167,294,10,10,9>As I am writing about this, this place has 269 reviews. Therefore let me get straight to the point:Pistachio Gelato-sooooo good.They serve crepes, flavored yogurt (not self serve), gelato, ice cream and desserts. (and maybe some shakes, beverages, etc) This place is a one stop sweet shop without the candies. If they sold any, it would just add to the anxiety you'd get from deciding what to get! The yogurt, ice cream (Rainbow brand), and gelato are available in three sizes. They don't overload on the gelato but pack it in REAL good and weigh it on a scale and make sure it is always-i forget how many ounces the employee said. But you can be assured that it is always fair.I was surprised that this place isn't run by an asian owner or something (because most places like these seem to be owned by them). They offer ample quantity of seating...the employees were very nice. Well lit. They were playing Disney movies (except you might want to reconsider playing Ratatouille-rats at a restaurant??? no no no)Definitely come and try the gelato!!!
<review# 2886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,9/11/2010,176,249,7,11,9>Nice place to splurge just a *wee* bit on a weekend breakfast or brunch.A pleasant space in which to sit, nicely presented plates, reasonable prices, efficient friendly service, and something Italiany in a very understated way if what I'm saying makes any sense.  The corner on which this place sits is one of the nicer spots in downtown Campbell.. The succession of previous eateries on this spot that have opened and closed doors suggest that the corner is jinxed... But.. I sure hope *this* place stays around for a long time..Had their spinach omelette. Susie had their Cafe Breakfast.. Both fine. Wasted away a pleasant hour.. on a sunny Saturday..
<review# 2887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2009,6/15/2010,517,79,18,16,14>Why the high five? This Hunan Province joint is authentic, unique, and has high quality service as well as amazing food. It delivers the delightful rush which comes from discovering (with help from our fellow yelpers) a completely new gastronomic experience (at least for us, anyway) or "gastrogasm".  A term coined by The Captain, in yet another one of his frantic attempts at being "colorful". For years, Captain Pie Hole drove by this joint innumerable times while patronizing one of his favorite Vietnamese supermarkets nearby. Noting that it was "there" and from outside, it looked utterly undistinguished, he just kept going, sadly. Until... While searching recently for a decent joint for a weekend lunch on yelp, he noticed this place had four solid stars, and yelpers seemed either to adore it or hate it, with haters being a tiny minority. Very interesting! The Captain and Ma were struck dumb once we entered the place, considering our previous ambivalence. It was NICE! Not fancy or opulent, but tastefully decorated and furnished, and so CLEAN! We were seated promptly by a smiling hostess, and we noted more than half the tables had "reserved" signs on them. Damn! Menus and waters appeared instantly and we found ourselves surprised again. The menu had none of the usual offerings of a Chinamerican joint. It revealed exotic dishes, we had never seen before. Okay, so we did get a bit over excited, and after some animated wrangling, we started ordering soup, appetizers and entrees willy nilly. We got Spring Rolls, Yumm! (We think they make their own) Hot and Sour soup, (Is it really hot and sour? You betcha!) and a round of Tsing Tao beers. The Captain settled on an entree of Hot and Sour Beef, ordered "spicy" (such manliness!) and Ma Megabyte, intrigued, never having seen smoked ham on an Asian menu, ordered Hunan Smoked Ham with Green Beans and black bean sauce. Ordered "mild" of course. (How demure! Such a cutie!)When the entrees arrived, we discovered the only flaw, was the kitchen staff got mixed up a bit. Ma got the Ham and Green Beans "spicy", yet The Captain's Hot and Sour Beef was served mild! Ma acquitted herself admirably as a serious eater, immensely enjoying her meal despite the unexpected amount of "heat". The Captain and Ma, shared. When one thinks of smoked ham, one envisions the US, (Southern mostly) Germany, Spain, or Italy. Well, these Hunan folks make some of the best on the planet. Also, the beef The Captain ordered, was unbelievably tender and flavorful. The finest we ever had in a Chinese joint.  The sauces were transcendant. Ma required a second round of Tsing Tao, to be able to handle her very spicy entree (The Captain was so proud.) After requesting "take home" containers because we had over ordered, we were surprised to see the joint's owner at our table, looking worried, with our bill in hand. It seems, because a $42.00 tab was unusual during the lunch hour, he was concerned we might think we were being overcharged! We assured him, we knew we had over-ordered due to our excitement at finding such a unique menu, and we were happy to pay the tab, and leave a nice tip for the fine service. Relieved, he hastened to whisk our remaining food to the kitchen for "take out" packaging. The owners of few ethnic joints in this country have the cojones to follow their own cultural paths, with few changes to traditional recipes and techniques. The attitude of these intrepid individualists seems to be; "If some of the round eyes or members of other ethnicities don't like it, there's always Panda's". The Captain and Ma say "OOOH, RAH!" to that. We find yelpers seem to fall into three groups. The first, including he and Ma, are serious eaters, or as the French would say, gastronomes or gourmands. Despite being too broke to jet off to France or Tuscany to indulge our passions, we find a plethora of eating adventures right around here! We don't represent ourselves as Chefs, but are in that league of fearless folk who glory in our quest to experience yet unimagined flavors and textures, even if we have to try to cook it ourselves. (Which we often do.) The second, fall in the middle. If they aren't pushed too hard (meaning, what is placed before them isn't too unfamiliar, spicy or scary) they might enjoy a place like this. Hell! They might even order meat medium rare at a steak house! Bravo! The third group, Anthony Bourdain disdains as the "well done" crowd, who's lack of taste forces a good cook to transform his/her creations into "carbonized, flavorless abominations".  He and we wonder, why they bother to go to a good joint, when cheap fast food is just around any corner. Hell, Panda's is probably too exotic for them. They would be happier dining at Denny's. Nuff Said. The Captain and Ma. This review and all others posted by Captain Pie Hole on http://yelp are copyrighted 2009 by Pie Hole Publishing, all rights reserved.
<review# 2888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,6/14/2010,176,249,8,10,11>For you karaoke addicts who just might need your K-fix anytime of the GD week.. Please note.. Goosetown is now doing karaoke on Sunday nights. As I noted before.. the place has a rather odd split level architecture that places the stage and dance floor and karaoke singer in a sunken corner area separated from the rest of the seating by a waist high counter with just one entrance.The only other thing new I have to add to my previous review of the place is a tip for all the really insane karaoke addicts such as myself. If you are sitting topside and find the early evening Sunday topside crowd response to the earnest karaoke performances down in the sunken area a little too.. uhm sedate for your liking.. Well, just grab your drink and move over to either stand at the counter in front of the pit, or just move down into the pit itself. There you and people like you can make your own little karaoke atmosphere and scream and sing along and carry on as if the sunken stage and dance floor area were the entire club.Eventually, later in the evening, if all goes well.. some of the higher-energy not-so-sedate brand of karaoke enthusiasm will pick up in the rest of the club.. But you don't have to wait for that if you go to the pit.
<review# 2889,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2010,6/13/2010,1066,578,5,8,7>I had heard this place is pretty good, so I dropped by for a veggie burrito. Pretty simple menu; the veggie burrito was $5.50. Mike (the guy behind the counter) asked what I wanted in my burrito; they usually come with beans, rice, cheese, lettuce, sour cream, and hot sauce, and I asked if they had tomatoes and he offered a mix of vegetables with tomatoes and cabbage. Super fast - I had my burrito in my hands in a minute and paid; they take cards, but charge an extra 50 cents. The burrito wasn't particularly special, but it did the job :) The service was good; we sat outside, and the server came outside to hand me a fork and napkin because I had left it inside.
<review# 2890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2009,6/12/2010,393,333,13,15,13>If Silicon Valley were a body, Great America Pkwy/Santa Clara area would be the bunghole.... Why? Its at the ass end and there's a lot of $h:t around here (hella offices and cookie cutter condos) but nothing you want actually eat...Thank you Kim N. for opening my eyes to the fact that in some random industrial parkway area off of Lafayette, there is Ed's Teriyaki. Three words: Teriyaki CHEESE STEAKS!? I'm a believer. Great sauce. Great rolls. Great flavor. The chili cheese fries were alright, but I don't think I would get them again (they were just fries with a can of beans and shredded cheese poured on them) and they were 5 bucks.But at $6.95 for a teriyaki cheese steak sandwich you can't go wrong...Friendly service, large clean interior with huge new TVs, and tasty food. Awesome opossum.**--**--**--CASH ONLY! CASH ONLY**--**--**--**-$$ Don't forget to bring dolla dolla bills ya'll. $$-
<review# 2891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,6/11/2010,3171,1316,22,33,26>I'm drunk. Upstairs neighbors are ready to call the cops. So . . .What better place to release the drunkenness than sing your heart out at the best new karaoke place in town . . . yes, it's Music Tunnel KTV Cafe.With a boba menu and after-drunk food plates, the cafe is ready to go when you are. We waited 45 minutes for a medium-sized room on a busy Saturday night (to be expected around 10PM).Prices are super reasonable per hour with a $2 per person food/beverage minimum.Our friends sang LOUD, HARD, and by the end of the night, two were sleeping on the couch, one was jumping wildly in the corner with a tambourine. TV was awesome, sound system was off da chain, and the music selection was more than satisfactory with back-to-back Lady GaGa requests.GREAT TIMES.The best karaoke experience I've had.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 2892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2009,6/10/2010,41,83,7,7,7>mMMMM im craving for some Cajun shrimp!!   This was my first time having Cajun food.... and the experiences are:Long wait - we had a group of 13 people, therefore it generated a 20-30 minutes wait.  With a group of lesser than 5 people, the waiting time shortens to around 5 minutes.  (Monday night)Crawfish - My first time having crawfish, and experience did not turn out well.  Even though I had 1, the crawfish was difficult to rip open, and the there were no meat inside.  Too much effort and too little meat!  Thank to Cindy who told me that.Cajun Shrimp - They were the best for your buck!!  $9.99 for a pound of delicious shrimps? C'mon!  They were way easier to rip open, and meat was much more than the Crawfish.Sauce - the sauce was amazing!  It was buttery with a medium spice, and my mouth was definitely on fire after the corn.  Don't underestimate the spice ppl! Conclusion - A very fun, entertaining place to eat with friends, and also enjoy delicious seafood alone the way.
<review# 2893,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/31/2010,6/9/2010,351,376,8,9,7>I went here with two of my friends after a massive day of partying!  I was hella craving ramen so we decided to check this place out since we live near Japan Town.  I ordered the shoyu ramen (7.95) and my friends ordered the charsiu with rice plate (8.95).  My ramen was not the best.  The noodles were too hard for my liking and for some reason there was a lingering after taste...weird.  I tried my friends charsiu and it was surprisingly pretty tasty because it was marinated with their house special sweet sauce!  Overall, I thought it was a bit pricey but I guess that's how many ramen places are.  The restaurant itself was also too toasty inside..they need some fans!
<review# 2894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2010,6/8/2010,451,735,9,10,9>San Jose is in dire need of hip lounges. Places where you can eat delicious food, listen to good music and sip on lovely cocktails- with OUT having to jump around and drive everywhere. Look no further!Kaama is my new favorite. The food is perfect for someone like me. I don't need to stuff myself when I'm out. The small bites are creative, super yummy and are paired perfectly with the cocktails on the menu. If you feel festive and in the mood, walk over to the dance floor and burn off your meal! The DJ plays cool beats. My Reco: Nachos, Mac n Cheese, Spaghetti and meat balls, Lamb Loli pops and DESSERT! Cocktail: Poolside.
<review# 2895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,6/7/2010,2666,2599,13,17,16>Came to this place last night to meet up with a friend and I have to say this is a surprising find on Alameda considering I've been down the road so many times and for some reason never noticed it! The parking here can be difficult since there is only street parking available and the maximum time is 2 hours or you will get a ticket since cops frequent this area often. However, the whole area is nice to be around anyway if you park further away or in a garage somewhere. They have an outdoor seating area which I imagine would be nice in the summer, they have their own coffee roaster! which was a great sign for a coffee house. I had their Numi teas which were good but slightly overpriced as Numi tends to be ...They have FREE Wifi and plenty of tables inside for studying as well as couches for lounging and reading on a chill Sunday afternoon. Great find :] now if only parking was not such an issue ...
<review# 2896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,6/6/2010,339,173,21,25,24>I came here last week with John and Kris after hearing (or reading) some wonderful things about Bluefin (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b). I was pleasantly surprised how simple, yet elegant the restaurant is from the inside and out. I could totally imagine this place being located in Santana Row rather than Downtown San Jose. This place feels very high end without all the snootiness nonsense. The level of service we received was exceptional. The food was exquisite and extremely delicious to say the least. The fish is extremely fresh and the sashimi is some of the best I've had in quite some time.That night we ended up ordering (and yes, there was only 3 of us):-Sashimi Sampler (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Jalapeno Edamame (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Tekka Maki (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Seared Tuna Tataki (x2) (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Tiger Eye (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Roll Japango (x4) (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Take "Chance" Roll (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)-Bluefin Tempura Roll (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b)This is what I thought about the food:*5 Stars: Yum, give me more please!*Sashimi Sampler - Consists of 7 different slices of fish that were all mouthwatering delicious. They change the selection of fish each week. Our waitress told us the names of each fish both in Japanese and in English, yet I failed to remember the names of the pieces I experienced. However, I do remember how fresh and scrumptious the fish was. Each piece was extremely exquisite and delightful that just melts in your mouth. This dish has already become one of my favorites and must order on my future visits. Maybe tomorrow? :)Roll Japango - This roll was the highlight of the night. In fact we were so enthused with this masterpiece that we each ordered our own after we finished the first plate (static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b). That's right, each of us had our own for total of 4 plates of Roll Japango consumed that night, LOL. This roll is filled with salmon, scallop, delicious crab, juicy mango, and avocado that's wrapped in green soybean wrap.  The mango explodes in your mouth and the soybean wrap help make this roll extremely refreshing and exhilarating. This dish also is a must order for me on future visits.Seared Tuna Tataki - Lightly seared pacific albarcore tuna, served on Japanese radish with thin slices of sautéed garlic and ginger ponzu sauce. Delicious and tender tuna pieces in this wonder ponzu sauce that marvels your taste buds. Similar to the Roll Japango, we were so ecstatic with the tuna tataki that we ordered a second serving.*4 Stars: Yay, I'm a fan!*Tekka Maki - A sushi roll consisting of red tuna meat on the inside. I'm not sure what exactly it was, but this roll offered an incredible flavor that submits pure goodness in your mouth. I've had this at many other sushi restaurants, but this was by far the tastiest and freshest Tekka Maki's I've eaten.*3 Stars: Ehh-Okay!*Bluefin Tempura Roll has shrimp tempura, snow crab salad, and avocado. I feel bad giving you only 3 stars, but you were the last dish that came to our table. Maybe we were already stuffed, or perhaps comparing you to the other wonderful dishes we had just wasn't fair. The bluefin tempura roll just didn't do it for me in comparison to the other astonishing food we had.Take "Chance" Roll - Consists of shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, tuna, and avocado.Tiger Eye - Has Salmon, onion deep fried, and rolled with spicy crab.Service: Our waitress Mimi was phenomenal and so on-point the whole night. She was extremely friendly and very knowledgeable with the menu and the different fishes they offer. My drink was always refilled before I even noticed it was close to being empty. Thanks again, and it was "our pleasure".Summary (4.5 Stars): Very welcoming and fantastic atmosphere. The service is top-notch and prices tend to be slightly above average in comparison to other sushi restaurants. However, they more then make it up with the quality and freshness of their fish. Regardless if you are a sashimi or roll lover, this is one of the few places that excel in both as I really enjoyed them both. They have a really nice bar area and happy hour menu that I want to take full advantage of on my second visit. Now, go try their sashimi sampler and roll japango, it's to die for! x_X
