<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,10/15/2013,71,130,5,12,12>Good wine. Good cocktails. AND a really cool owner, count me in!I went to a gin tasting event at Patrick's Bar Vin on one of my first nights in NOLA, and it was love at first sight. The delightful courtyard greets you when you enter, and really takes you away from the craziness of Bourbon just around the block. The bar opens up into two main areas where you can sit inside, as well as the front courtyard AND the back courtyard, which has a cute fountain. You order drinks at the bar, but if you do order a cheese plate they will bring it to your table. Another great plus to Bar Vin is Patrick is always hosting special events, so it's another reason to check out the space if only to crash the party!My personal drink favorites are any of the $5 Patrick's Best Kept Secret Wine selections. The menu offers a choice of three white varieties and three red varieties, so there is no way you can't find one you like. AND at $5 you can't beat the ambiance/dollar ration, if you do PLEASE tell me immediately!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,10/14/2013,439,621,9,10,12>FIVE STARS Baby!!!! Ok on to the review: Lacquered Pork Ribs... Thai style BLT... Lucky Rooster add egg... YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY 4 my TUMMY TUMMY TUMMY!!!!Prompt seating. Friendly service. Pleased palate. Happy Happy Happy!!!! CHOW NIBBLE CRUNCH MUNCH SLURP & HAPPY ENDINGS. It's how the menu is divided & the selections under each label are representative; how nice is that?!  Allllllll the things we ordered were tasty; down right FINGER LICKING GOOD!!!!!I used the restroom & was able to steal a sneak peek at the kitchen. It was clean, not cluttered as I expected. While going to the restroom, I also journeyed into a private seating area, closed off from the main dining area... Maybe for private parties, idk, but its there. NEXXXXXXXT TIME I come back, I'll utilize the outside/sidewalk tables & I'm going to check out the drink menu. Parking is not the best because its downtown NOLA, so be prepared to find a parking meter.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,10/13/2013,397,256,1,10,5>I just finished the introductory week at Bikram Yoga New Orleans, and I'm definitely a big fan.  The intro week includes unlimited classes for 7 days for $25.  Just walking into the studio, the place is so clean and spacious, it's inviting.  The dressing room and shower area was large (3 shower stalls), and the separate bathrooms were spacious.  There were stalls, so you're not constantly hovering outside the door of one restroom.It's important to note that they lock the doors during a class, so don't be late! Folks for the next class wait until the class before it ends.  There's about a half hour window of time for you to get yourself together and get in class, or after class to get showered, dressed and out the door. They do this to assure that your belongings, which are left in the dressing rooms, are safe. I went to one class each day, so I got to experience classes with Charlotte, Crystal and Rachel.  I know of other instructors, but I just don't think I've seen them yet.  The studio itself is spacious, with a soft carpet (that isn't smelly).  The rest of the establishment is concrete, and you take your shoes off as you enter.  I had two classes with Charlotte was incredibly encouraging.  She took the time to give some personalized attention in a full class, she made eye contact with us for reassurance, and she kept things light with humor when she knew we were pushing hard and "feeling" the poses a little more.  When I checked in, Charlotte reassured me that as a beginner, my goals were to stay in the room and breathe.  If nothing else, I did that, and the environment is one where you don't feel judged for not being perfect at every pose -- everyone has something they can work on.  She's amazing, and although she's going to be teaching less, I hope to continue going to her sessions when she's around.Crystal is very supportive, learns everyone's name, and you can tell she's observing each person and trying to help them improve.  She showed me how to modify poses so that I could get the most benefit, additional stretches I could do if I cramped up during a pose, and she clearly cares about the work that she's doing.  I know that she'll push me.I attended two 4:30 pm classes as well as a 6:30 pm class on regular weeknights.  They were relatively full, but I think it's a testament to the quality of the instructors.  They keep their online schedule current, so if a holiday is coming up, they've already updated with how schedules will change during those dates.  Very helpful.For the Fourth of July, there was only one class, and I think there were close to 50 of us in the room.  PACKED.  But everyone still worked hard, and it was so worth it.  Friday and Saturday morning classes are much lighter, but it's nice because you get a lot more personalized attention. Sunday's 8am class was small, but the 10am class looked like it was going to be pretty full.My only complaint would be the metered parking. Grateful for Sundays, night classes and holidays, because it's free, but be prepared to pay $3 between 8am and 6pm on weekdays and Saturdays.  If you've been thinking about it, give it a try.  The intro week is the perfect price and amount of time to decide whether Bikram yoga is for you.  Go yogis!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,10/12/2013,83,254,2,4,3>This is a fantastic facility, as it should be for Tulane tuition. As an employee, I get a discounted rate, which I don't take advantage of because first, I hate driving Uptown and second, the parking on campus sucks. However, every year during Winter Break, all employees use the facility for free and it's quiet, relatively student-free, easier to park and has a great schedule of really good classes. Once the students come back though, it can get pretty crowded so I probably won't ever buy a year-round membership. Except maybe when I have kids; they do have child care available.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,10/11/2013,43,155,1,6,6>So... I'm new to eating fish.  Yeah, I know.  Weirdo.  I'm currently obsessed with salmon and Lebanon's has some BOMB salmon!  Random, I know.  I've been back 3 times it's so good.  Had a mini meltdown when they were sold out one night.  I love that it comes with a side of the most delicious hummus and salad ever.  The hummus melts in your mouth... it's basically like ice cream.  It's #1 on my favorite hummus list.  I die over the tangy lemon dressing on the salad, too.  What else is good:Faul: Kind of like a heartier hummusSafeiheh: Mini lamb/beef pizzaMusaki Soup: Heavier vegetable soup, comes with crispy pita chips Lebanese Tea: Really flavorful and something to check out - I don't even like tea normally.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,10/10/2013,24,87,3,6,6>So I finally made it to Zulu!!  After three years in New Orleans and eight years of Mardi Gras, it was about time! This year it actually worked out that I was working every day except Lundi Gras and Mardi Gras so I took it as a sign that I would have to wake up Tuesday morning and get to the parade route.We took the streetcar down Canal around 8:30 or 9 instead of walking to Treme.  It dropped off before Basin/Rampart (the parade turns from Canal up Basin so it's blocked there).  At this time, all of Canal and Basin up to Treme is relatively free space because the parade is still well down St. Charles.  All of the cooking/tents and barricade free areas are on Basin street and in Treme.  We stayed around Canal because I wanted to get pictures of people costuming in the quarter, but Treme or St. Charles is much better for parade watching.Overall, this is a great parade, though a little slow this year--between some of the court floats they were lagging upwards of 30-45 minutes.  I didn't catch one of the coveted coconuts because I was next to a group of kids in their own private section (must be nice to have an NOPD officer for a dad) that caught probably 15 of them.  The floats are not as grand as the super-krewes, but a morning parade has it's own charms (9am daiquiris being one).  To ride the street car home later in the afternoon we had to walk all the way back up to Galvez from the Quarter.  I might walk to Treme or go to St. Charles, but I will try to go again next year!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,10/9/2013,17,87,8,15,12>Any restaurant that pairs Banu Gibson with Tom McDermott as a musical appetizer has already affirmed its good taste without serving a morsel.  With that in mind and my wife at work, I grabbed a Friday night date and gave Kingfish a try.The restaurant is at the corner of Chartres and Conti across from the Louisiana Supreme Court.  The justices, depending on which door they choose, can cross the street to Brennans, the Rib Room, K-Pauls and now Kingfish.  So, how does the newcomer stand up to these high-cotton neighbors?Hearty beef, chicken, and fish options comprise the menu, following the general local trend of using familiar meat-and-potatoes comfort food with distinctively local New Orleans flavor.  I wanted to try the pompano seared atop a salt brick, but my date (with whom I was sharing everything) was more comfortable with the concept of fried boneless stuffed fish.  We chose that, and added garlic fries as a side dish.The meal started out with hot french bread, a plate of olive oil, and a handful of top shelf garlicy olives on the side.  The chef, who  either mistook me for a Yelp reviewer or saw me trying to entertain my date with only limited success, sent out a bowl of smoked rabbit gumbo on the house.   That turned out to be the star of the meal.  The gumbo is based on a very dark roux, almost like a turtle soup in intensity and color, with satisfying hunks and bits from all across the plant and animal kingdoms.  The basmati dirty rice in place of white rice was a nice touch.  My only minor quibble is that the the salt could be backed off a notch, but nothing so severe that swig or two of Jefferson Stout couldn't balance.  The "guava butter garlic fries", though not as exotic as the name implied,  were straight cut, cooked perfectly, and served hot with that faint old-style sheen that says "you shouldn't eat all of these, but you will."      The fish came with a light breading surrounded by a pickled mirliton and cornbread dressing.  The pickle is subtle, allowing the fresh mirliton flavor to come through in pleasant contrast with the fish.  The cornbread and mirliton combine into a slurry that's more a thick sauce than Thanksgiving side.  (Note to the Yelp spell-checker: in this city,  "mirliton" is definitely a real word; enough with the squiggly underlining).  We finished off with a strawberry shortcake.  The shortcake was dense and buttery,  with more of a cookie and biscuit texture than the usual spongecake.  All of our dishes clearly indicated that an accomplished chef was at work back in the kitchen.  The decor is new and modern, but with earth tones and widely distributed lighting, very relaxing.  The bar where Banu was singing was lively, and we had the pleasure of sitting near the business end where the bartender was pouring and shaking cocktails, keeping us entertained.  In sophistication and atmosphere, Kingfish falls somewhere between Zea and Herbsaint (two restaurants  highly regarded by this reviewer).  The service was friendly and attentive, something especially appreciated by both my date and me.  The restaurant's namesake features prominently on a wall mural opposite the bar.   The menu is an apt reflection of Senator Long's populist base in the rural parishes; Huey P. Long was about as popular in Depression-era New Orleans as Rick Perry is today in Austin.  My date was more interested in whether he was "the same guy as the bridge.""Yes, same man, same bridge, the one where I took you out at sunrise last year to watch the last new segment raised, back when you were four".  Now I wouldn't recommend this restaurant as particularly child-friendly, but it wasn't overtly unfriendly.  A few items did sit well with the five year old:  the hot bread, the fish, french fries, and (of course) dessert.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,10/8/2013,69,116,16,12,11>Oh McKenzie's Chicken in a Box, you made me eat my entire lunch in your parking lot! Last time I went there, I ordered a half-chicken box and devoured the  box in the parking lot. I was completely covered in fried chicken grease and making ungodly noises as I tore through the drumstick in my right hand and the breast in my left. I was a beast for that chicken goodness- and I just didn't care. My friend and I actually went there to grab some food before the opera. After biting into that chicken, we stayed in that parking lot until our hunger was sated then headed to the lake to enjoy the rest in peace. Our tickets and plans for the evening were promptly forgotten. It was funny; it was sad; it was intense; it was a life-changing moment. For the first time in my life, I wasn't just eating fried chicken. I was eating Life itself. It was such a Life-affirming moment, I literally had to stop stuffing my face to thank God for giving me a mouth and teeth and a tongue to enjoy this piece of heaven on Earth. That night, my friend and I danced around the lakefront, so grateful our bellies were filled with this energy-giving goodness. It was my first spiritual experience with food. And I'm honestly not surprised it came from McKenzie's.In the few months, I've known this place, I've had the great pleasure of introducing a few friends to McKenzie's. They've all thanked me profusely for introducing them to this new milestone of fried chicken experience. They all swear they will never eat fast food chicken again. Why? When McKenzie's is cheaper, tastier and plain better than they ever could be. They also swear off frying chicken at home. Why? When McKenzie's is cheaper, tastier and well, you get the point. Seriously, I don't know what they put in that thin batter. But I wouldn't be surprised if there's crack in there. I'm seriously hooked and everyone that's tasted them have been the same. One taste and you'll never look at fried chicken the same way again. Their sides are good too. Highly recommend their mac and cheese. Potatoes are the boxed variety but sometimes, they'll make some good thick gravy on top. Had better greens at other places. Biscuits are homemade; cornbread muffins on the small end. Their portion of fried liver is HUGE and big enough for two. Only drawback is I wish they would take phone orders. I don't like anything standing between me and that fried chicken heaven. Even if it's only 15 min. of wait time.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,10/7/2013,148,326,7,16,14>I love this bar. I wish I lived in this neighborhood, I love it so much. They serve my favorite drink currently (besides an old-fashioned), the Baudin. Bourbon, lemon, and hot sauce Boom. I could spend every Saturday morning here. They serve a delicious brunch, have a relaxed crowd, and there's a bluegrass band. Bliss. I've also started going to Wednesday night trivia (Geeks who Drink). The crowd is always lively, but friendly. The bartenders are friendly, knowledgable, and great company if things are slow. The bar is smoke-free but there is a smoking patio out back (with tire swings). Overall, an awesome laid-back bar that I wish was closer to home.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,10/6/2013,341,178,3,12,9>Everytime I have eaten at August I have walked away feeling like it's my favorite restaurant. My last visit was no exception. The occasion was the celebration of a friend's birthday. I suggested August because she had always wanted to go there and because I knew she would not be disappointed. We started the evening off with a cocktail at The Swizzle Stick then wandered over to August. The hostess was on the ball and was aware of my Open Table request for a nice table for two. We were seated immediatley in the front room which is my favorite. My dining companion and I both marvelled at the beautiful brick walls, rounded at the corners, and the gorgeous oversized chandeliers which gave off a nice, warm glow. The menu had so many great options. For starters we chose the peach salad with lardo and the gnocchi with crab and black truffle. We told the waiter we were going to share, and the kitchen staff made us two plates, which was much nicer than having to eat off the same plate. A real nice touch which was appreciated. Both dishes were delicious. The gnocchi was expertly prepared, melted in your mouth, and complemented the beautiful lumps of crabmeat. For entrees my DC chose the breaded trout, and I went with the lamb loin off the degustation menu. The trout was fabulous, as good a fish dish as I have ever eaten. The lamb was wonderful too. It was actually lamb two ways. The bonus was a patty of braised lamb neck that was mind blowing. For dessert we chose the banana pudding which paled by comparison to its predecessors. Finally here is one of my favorite things about August----no corkage fee! This is unbelivable at a restaurant of this caliber. I brought a 2011 Sancerre and a 2009 Savigny-les-Beaune both of which went well with what we ordered and at a third the cost of what a restaurant would charge. How awesome is that!It was a beautiful evening of great food and wine with a  wonderful dining companion. What more could one want.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/10/2014,154,280,8,14,12>Angels were singing the Flower Duet the first time I ate here! It is currently my new favorite restaurant and I'm slowly working my way through the entire menu. But I'm so hung up on the Esmerelda Salad that I try to copy it myself at home. It's nutty quinoa-ness with crunchy pepitas and that extra kick from the fresh jalapenos is literally heaven in my mouth. Everything here is the epitome of freshness. I love the depth of each plate and the fact that I don't walk away feeling like I inhaled a greasy brick, like a lot of places in this city. In spite of the casual atmosphere, you can tell the whole Carmo team takes pride in their restaurant, it shows in the food, the great service, and the drinks. As for the cocktails, I cannot get off my L'Entrepot kick, which is tea-infused rum with lime, mint, agave and soda water. But if/when I do venture out I love a good Caparinha too and they don't steer you wrong in this area either. If you're looking for a cozy atmosphere to catch up with your buds, without a pesky server kissing your ass for tips, and feeling like a superhero after you eat, Carmo is the place!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,11/9/2014,6,78,1,4,2>This place has history out the wazoo and is always a cant-go-wrong option for great  music. Personally, I'm a HUGE James Booker fan, and back in the day, this bar was THE SPOT to see Booker play. For that reason alone, any true music fan needs to make a pilgrimage here. There are a few "cons" to the Maple Leaf: - not a good spot for bar hopping. not much else in the area, other than Jaques-Imos restaurant, so if you're there, youre staying there. - bands start fairly late, so plan on a late night (not necessarily a con, but if you're trying tot catch Rebirth on a Tues night, well, plan on being really tired at work the next day...) - sound quality is good for rock/jazz/blues acts, but when a brass bans is in there, prepare to have your eardrum blown out. The shape of the stage area just kind of holds  all that noise and amplifies it till it feels like your ears are about to begin bleeding. On the "pro" side, well there are many- Great bands. Always. - Good selection of booze - Nice backyard patio and quieter back room to catch your breath and get some fresh air- History, tradition, the legacy of great music continuing on in NOLA- Far from the crowds and chaos of Frenchmen Street; which can be nice! Recommendations: - A late dinner at Jaques-Imos before the set starts- EAR PLUGS for the brass bands. You'll still be able to enjoy the music, but you'll save your hearing- Dance your ass off (not like you have a choice!)
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,11/8/2014,66,87,5,7,4>Fair warning: I enjoy cupcakes. I was in Riverwalk at the kiosk. That said..... Innovation!!! Never before have I been served a cupcake in an actual cup. It had a lid. I could eat a bit now and drop it in my purse for later. No walking around looking silly shoving cake my mouth.... I could eat it like a civilized person.... With a spoon! They have spoons! I have no idea what the cake tastes like. I have the sniffles, all i can taste right now are extremes. The texture was nice, no dryness. And the frosting is fairly light. Gonna have to go back after I get the taste buds in order.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,11/7/2014,157,66,4,7,7>There was a time in my life (3 months ago) when I was horribly afraid of too much color on my lips. I thought that I would not look good in bright pinks or reds or any stand out color.The ladies of Magnolia Makeup were participating at a gala I attending (I'm FANCY!), and they were doing free lip colors with included glitter. That night changed my life. I received so many compliments, plus, the lip colors lasted ALL NIGHT. through drinks and eating party foods, after parties, and after-after parties.Promptly, I went to visit this store where I purchase some of their lip sticks/stains and glitter. I brought it out to a bachelorette party weekend where all the girls requested that I bring them some back in a few weeks for the wedding. I racked up on all the hottest colors and the girls, were all super excited.Since that gala, my life has been forever changed. I am a lipstick girl now. Trying every color and glitter combination out there. Mixing and matching with my outfits and accessories.Another great thing about them is that they make all their own stuff. This is fantastic, however, the only reason that I can not give them a full 5 stars is because sometimes that means you have a to wait while they mix your lipsticks and place them in tubes for you. I don't have a problem waiting, but I know that it would be much more convenient for some to just be able to drop in, grab what they need and go.This very small detail aside... I am addicted to their lipsticks. And, anyone looking for some fresh new colors should definitely give them a try. (They have other makeup too!)They have completely changed my life! And severely upped my #selfie game! :P
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,11/6/2014,148,326,13,18,23>How very appropriate, review #300 and the 7 year anniversary of the first time I laid eyes on my beautiful NOLA. I love this city. I will fight for this city, I will cry with this city, and no matter where life takes me this will always feel the most like home. I first came to NOLA with a friend that suggested Jazz Fest as my introduction to the city. I stayed for a week and cried the entire plane ride back to Virginia. There is something about this city that allows you to experience your true self. In Virginia I was a shy introvert that spent most of my time at work or in my apartment watching time pass by. I spent one week here and had more honest conversations with strangers than I had had in the 5 years prior. Yes, NOLA is great food, music, architecture, scenery, and culture. But New Orleanians are what make this city something that can never be duplicated by any other city, restaurant, or amusement park in the world. I don't mean that as people who have lived here their whole lives either. I mean anyone who has embraced this city for better or worse and want everyone to know the joy that this city brings. Those people that will argue with people from their hometowns, airline passengers, whoever speaks ill of our love, NOLA. Yes, we have our faults. NOLA will never be a clean, cookie-cutter city (God, let's hope not) but that is one part of its charm.Tip for the traveler to NOLA: Experience the city as a whole while you're here. Eat beignets by the river in the early morning when the fog is rolling through. Ride the streetcar through the Garden District and look for the Mardi Gras beads dangling in the trees near the majestic mansions. Stay on Frenchmen too late because you were so busy dancing you forgot about time. And most importantly, engage with the locals you come across. We love to talk about the city and would be happy to share anything with you. Trust me, NOLA is good for the soul.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,11/5/2014,108,71,1,7,2>Walked in for a pick up order and was greeted joyfully by 4 Zeas workers. Ordered the corn grits - always good everywhere.Pepper jelly spinach salad- tasty as alwaysMediterranean hummus- always my favorite when dining in! Totally was 24.45Who doesn't love Zeas?! Reasonable prices and delicious food.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,11/4/2014,53,121,9,10,6>Hands down the best restaurant I've ever eaten at. Not the best in New Orleans, not the best vegetarian (although yeah, those things too), the best I've ever been to.The food is beyond food. I have no idea how they make it, but it is always incredible. The constantly changing list of cocktails is also fantastic. The food is high-class and the establishment relaxed. Every waiter is your waiter and they all seem a bit stoned. Sometimes drinks take a minute or orders are mixed up, but this is often compensated for with a free drink or complimentary appetizer. If you want a classy night out where you can feel just as comfortable in jeans or dressed fancy or just want to eat the best fucking food on earth, green goddess is your place.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,11/3/2014,47,159,4,7,5>Oh, I want to live here! I have been meaning to go, for reasons I will get in to later, but it is not in my usual path of travel. However, a friend who recently moved to New Orleans and I wanted to go to a Happy Hour and I thought it would be a good time to try Bellocq. I thought the happy hour deal was good. I had the champagne cocktail. It was good. I do love a Sazerac and will try Bellocq's when I have a designated driver.. thehotelmodern.com/wp-co…We shared a "small plate" of the chicken liver pate. It came with little slices of bread and a couple of pickled items and a cloud. I'm not kidding. We decided it was egg whites. This was delicious and I put small plate in quotes because it was a fairly massive portion. Between two women, we left some pate on the plate. So, my great-great grandmother was first cousin to Ernst Bellocq and the grandfather who Bellocq and his family lived with was my greatx4 grandfather...Okay, I give you a picture of Mr. Bellocq: upload.wikimedia.org/wik…A picture of my great-great grandmother: www5.snapfish.com/snapfi…And a picture of their grandfather (my greatx4): louisianadigitallibrary.…Ah! I forgot to rave about the atmosphere. When I popped in at 5, right after work, I was the only one in there for a bit, before my friend joined me and a few other people came in. I sat by the window, read on my Kindle Paperwhite, and gazed out the window on the goings-on at Lee Circle until my friend came. The decor is cool and there is a lot of comfortable seating.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,11/2/2014,50,58,1,5,4>Ate here for Valentine's day 2014...BEST STEAK EVER. I got the 45-day-aged bone-in ribeye, medium rare.... It was crispy to perfection on the outside and when I sliced thru it, it was rare and beautiful. The seared part did not exceed no more than 2 millimeters around the perimeter and then it was consistently rare throughout the steak. How they did that? I have no idea. Their technique is perfect. My significant other ordered the Top Chef's award special "west lake black drum." The sauce was do flavorful and light, the fish so moist, that each bite was so addicting. Sides we ordered: baked Mac and cheese... Very creamy and fluffy. Very good. Brussels proofs - not so good; quite salty Starters: baked oysters on the half shell and foie gras w a cumquat marmalade that perfectly complimented it. Very good dinner. Outstanding service... Five solid stars!!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,11/1/2014,19,15,1,11,3>I feel that this review might cause Buff Beauty Bar's review page to implode from a critical mass of unoriginality, but I've got to sing their praises.This place is clean, professional, and all the aestheticians are friendly and knowledgeable. I've had a few individual lash applications done here (by Danielle, who is wonderful), and I couldn't have been happier with the results. Bonus points for easy online bookings and no-hassle reschedules.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,5/14/2011,127,182,5,10,6>There are a few things in life that make me really happy. Among them are drinks with friends, hanging out with my dog and supporting a good cause. The Rusty Nail rocks because I can combine all those things in one great establishment!  Each Thursday they allow organizations to host a fundraiser with $1 of each drink donated! Other nights they always have a different great event going on and they just started serving food as well! As other reviewers have stated, The Rusty Nail voluntarily went non-smoking, but you can smoke outside on their large patio in the back (with a huge tv so you can still catch whatever sporting event you came out for).  They are dog friendly and again, they have a huge patio outside so if it gets too crowded you and your four legged friend can mosey on outside!  Overall its a great chill bar, perfect for so many occasions!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,5/13/2011,218,209,5,10,6>According to google: Nirvana- The ineffable ultimate in which one has attained disinterested wisdom and compassion. ...The food is prepared with spices that help me sleep like a baby! The buttered Chicken is delicious.. I also like the dish prepared with spinach..The buffet is an inexpensive way to put yourself out there and try different cuisine. The ambiance makes me feel like I am a Queen. I love all the staff at Nirana - Morris the Mgr, Andrew, Tubert and the new guy..
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,5/12/2011,162,269,9,11,4>I'll keep you my dirty little secret,(Dirty little secret)Don't tell anyone or you'll be just another regret,(Just another regret, hope that you can keep it)My dirty little secret,Who has to know?With all respect to The All-American Rejects, the Lafayette Square Station Post Office is my favorite in the city. This is one of those things I'm not sure I'm ready to share. Given that most postal employees spend their entire career dealing with unreasonable requests, pissed off customers, and the occasional overly demonstrative grandparent, the employees at this station are as happy as they come. I suspect the metal detectors at the door keep things from getting too nuts. Metal detectors aren't perfect, either...but they are entertaining. (True fact: I've had to remove up to 5 items of clothing to get through the metal detectors at this location.) I've been here during the "morning rush" (aka 1 clerk for 3 customers), the lunch rush (aka 2 clerks for 2 customers), and the "afternoon rush" (aka 2 clerks for 3 customers). There has never been a line of more than 2 people, and the clerks are really fast with their transactions. It took less than 10 minutes to send all my packages and stamp all my letters. Winner!Accessibility notes: Ramp to the building is nearly hidden. High counters. No braille signage. Metal detectors may interfere with medical devices. Doors push in.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,5/11/2011,251,35,3,5,2>If you want to be That Girl with the spoiled dog that is really just an accessory, this is the spot to hit. This boutique is filled with fancy dog clothing that goes way beyond a pink dog sweater. There are dresses for dogs here. Dresses. While it's pretty ridiculous, yes, at least this store fosters the local talent, because the dresses are made by local crafty people here in town. There are super fancy dog beds, bowls, nail polish (claw polish?) baked goods and treats, leashes, toys, and dog jewelry. There are high end dog food brands and also a full service grooming salon. I have inadvertently spent an obscene amount of money here for my dog, including a leash that I should have realized was special, because it was BEHIND the counter, not out in front with all the other leashes. It turned out to be an italian leather leash that cost $60 - but it was pink and it's actually held up for many years. I may have gone overboard with a lot of things I have gotten here, but I've really loved everything I've gotten, and, more importantly, it's all been very good quality. I have managed to not be That Girl with the Spoiled Accessory Dog, but I will continue to pop in for specialty treats for my pup on occasion, and it's always amusing to peruse the over the top dog clothing and think "wow, people really do think that their pups are just an accessory"
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,5/10/2011,180,463,4,7,6>Even though I've only gone here once, I think it's a great place. I arrived at 7 am. right when it opened. it was pretty deserted, but there was a handful of really nice gentlemen sitting at the bar  eating already. When I entered, I was about to sit at one of the booths and read my book, when the chef said, don't sit there, sit here so you can pretty up this place. it may sound sexist, but you had to be there to see how adorable it was. The chef handed me some cut up fruit while I perused the menu (I took a long time). when I finally decided what to eat, I was able to do some reading, but the gentlemen at the bar were having a lively conversation, and I felt comfortable chiming in a few times. It's a very friendly place. Its like Cheers, but for breakfast. I was able to do some reading, but also some talking. I really wish that I was more of a morning person so I can go back at 7 am.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,5/9/2011,62,448,8,6,6>there are a few things in life which, when i come across someone who is not capable of enjoying or at least appreciating on some level, i suspect that they are either a.) soulless, b.) a robot, or c.) a communist.  anybody who could find any fault with a hansen's sno-bliz is a freaking soulless, communist robot.  end of story.what is nectar, by the way?  does anybody know?  not that i need to have the answer in order to crave it with every fiber of my hypoglycemic being but if you know, speak up.note - they are always experimenting with new syrup flavors (that haven't made the board yet) so ask the friendly, smiley, happy people what's new they got cooking.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,5/8/2011,225,347,11,8,7>Ok, seriously. How can the food be so so so fabulous EVERY time I return? My buddies and I drank tasty mimosas, fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, and another drink named, "Purebred." I have absolutely no idea what's in it. But... What I do know is that Tyler put his foot in it! Purebred was fresh & feisty all mixed together. Tyler, how do you feel about cougars?! ;-)Our main courses: Veggie omelet, country breakfast (sausages, bacon, ham, eggs & grits); fluffy pancakes, Pork-steak & grits. Quite the expansive meal for only 3 folks, but Dante's food makes you wanna hurt yourself. It's THAT good! Don't miss it! This place is in my top 3 of all New Orleans tasty spots!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,5/7/2011,41,215,6,7,5>I'm that guy that shamefully orders pad thai almost every time i eat Thai.  Sometimes the shame builds up to a point where I think to myself "perhaps I will try something different, expand my horizons, be adventurous!" During this phase I order something else, but it has never, ever been better than pad thai.  I am excited to announce that all of this has changed.  The Pad Thai here may actually be the worst thing on the menu.  Not that it's bad (it's actually some of the best I've had since moving to New Orleans), but other things on the menu are just that good.  You might think that I'm kidding, but I would never jest about such a serious topic.  If you, too, have pah thai shame, I highly suggest you pay Cafe Equator a visit.side notes: service was super fast AND friendly!  price is right too: ~10 for lunch!pro-tip: the massaman will blow your mind
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,5/6/2011,894,496,3,6,7>This is the preeminent festival in a city known for its festivals. Not nearly as well-known as Jazzfest but in my opinion it is the better of the two.....no pricey tickets, less mass herding of ppl, and more food/music options. It's the best free fest in the world and it's in the most unique and beautiful area of the city. 15+ musical stages spread out all over the French Quarter and it just keeps getting bigger and bigger. Admittedly, the FQF is super-crowded but it rarely feels crowded except in Jackson Square. That is the beauty of the FQF (lots of ppl to have a good time with yet you don't feel like you're in a mosh pit). So much food, drinks, music, and love in the air. As an oyster lover, I've always wanted to enter the Acme oyster eating contest held each Saturday of fest but I think it's been replaced this year with a crawfish eating contest. Well I love crawfish too (hmmm). Oh and this year it's now become a 4-day event :D
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,5/5/2011,247,132,2,4,5>This is ideal for people who are accompanied by the types of people who don't like reading at museums. Most of time they don't like reading because they either think they know the material already or don't find the same things interesting.  This museum, however, couldn't be dull if it tried. This place is just too jam packed with cool factoids about the history of New Orlean's cuisine. If that's not enough for your low attention spanned friend, surely they'll love the room entirely devoted to the history of the Cocktail. From Martinis to Tiki's to Absinthe to Cointreau, you and your peoples will thoroughly enjoy looking at all the ads and pop culture memorabilia that build such pride for the Big Easy. Not only that, but in order to see the room, you have to walk through the old timey saloon style bar filled with little sampler size liquor bottles for your viewing pleasure.     I'm a person who likes to read everything there is to read in a museum so I naturally went alone. But now that I've gotten the full experience, I'm ready to bring a friend for next time. This place was definitely an experience to share.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,2/17/2012,272,184,3,9,4>Daniel and I came here on a Saturday for the Fleur de Vie teaching clinic, where Tulane Med students volunteer several hours to see patients, supervised by older students and licensed physicians. Daniel had a cold and I was just bored and figured getting a check-up beat watching my fifteenth How I Met Your Mother episode of the day. There was one other patient who was being seen at the time, so I hung out while Daniel was seen.The office is clean and the staff is efficient. I waited less than ten minutes, reading one of a plentiful stash of magazines. Two med students came to get me and bring me to an exam room for a general check-up. One was a third-year medical student who performed most of the exam, while the first-year student mostly listened and asked questions. It was interesting to hear them talk about the different muscles and nerves and... you know... bones? They were very nice and professional and it was great to see people who obviously don't have much free time take a few hours out of their Saturday to serve the community (apparently, you have to study a lot in medical school. Who knew?!). I mean, I know some of them were required for school but still, any altruism... After they completed my exam (eyes, ears, blood pressure, blood sugar, listening to my back and heart and stuff), the doctor came in. I had told them about my recent weight loss (35 pounds down, woooooo for me) and the doctor congratulated me and asked about my diet and exercise regimen. It was very encouraging. Again, as we attended the educational clinic, it was completely free of charge; however, I believe the clinic itself works on a sliding scale. As the first reviewer mentioned, this is a clinic for low-income community members who don't have healthcare. This location is one of several Tulane Medicine sponsored clinics in the area. I believe there is also one for pediatric care and another specifically for geriatric care. I would definitely come back in the future for whatever ails me. Better than driving to the West Bank.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,2/16/2012,213,82,2,5,3>THIS location is open for dinner!!!  Happy, happy, joy, joy!!!  I'm a native New Orleanian, born and raised in Treme where Creole cooking is the best.  Like the Esplanade location, this Lil Dizzy's doesn't disappoint with authentic Creole cuisine.Like I stated in an earlier review, the Gumbo is like my dad's.  If it's like his, that's some dang good Gumbo.  As a friend of mine used to say, "Treat yourself, don't cheat yourself."  LOL  If you love New Orleans cuisine, you'll love stopping at this location for dinner while you enjoy the downtown area.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,2/15/2012,169,65,3,12,8>The name of this store is brilliant, which is also my first impression of the owner Patricia. I stopped in because I had seen the sign a few weeks ago and was curious. Note that I had just left work and was looking a bit haggard upon arriving 20 minutes before the shop was scheduled to close. Patricia didn't bat an eyelash over my appearance or my late entrance, she introduced herself and then allowed me to browse through all the dresses, which I excitedly did. The shop contains a delightful collection of women's dresses, fancy pants, tops, purses and other accessories.  A good portion of the clothing is Stop Staring, which is one of my absolute favorite brands. In the past, I've only been able to purchase Stop Staring dresses on the internet or on random trips to California. I'm a curvy lady, and I adore how magnificently sexy a good dress can make me feel. That being said, there is something for everyone with sizes running from extra small to extra large in a variety of styles. Expect prices on par with Trashy Diva ($100-$200 a dress), but with a slightly sexier dress selection. Patricia is knowledgable, friendly and has a great sense of humor. I never felt rushed or pressured into purchasing anything. I left with one sinfully sexy black dress. I'm sure I'll be back.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,2/14/2012,102,210,,6,4>The Irish House is very versatile. From full family dinners, to watching a football game, to running in and grabbing a beer, it suits all needs. Their Bangers are the best. They also have Irish music on Monday nights which is a real treat. They have opened up a store in the back that sell all of my Irish favorites. It is a great replacement for O'Flaherty's. Chef Matt has outdone himself.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,2/13/2012,55,78,16,6,4>So I went to this Rouse's the other day for the first time in a while.  I used to hate it (pre-K) back when it was a Sav-a-Center because it was right next to my beloved Winn Dixie on Carrollton, and I was positively AGHAST that any store would even TRY to compete.  But that Winn Dixie is long gone (RIP).  However, they're about to build a newer, fancier Winn Dixie across the street.  Oh boy, am I excited!!!!Anyway, back to the Rouse's.  Let's just cut to the chase:  when I went to this Rouse's the other night, it was PACKED with intensely attractive people.  I swear, there was this one girl I was eyeing in the produce department so hard, holy hell.  Unfortunately, just as I was envisioning the gorgeous house in Mid-City we would someday share (with a yard big enough for chickens, dogs, AND a vegetable garden), I realized she was carrying one of those small handbaskets (as opposed to a proper grocery cart) and she seemed to be in a hurry.  Dammit. That's a sure sign of someone already attached: obviously, she was in the process of making an elaborate gourmet dinner with her infinitely-cooler-than-me girlfriend and, upon realizing she'd OMG forgotten truffles or some shit, she'd popped into Rouse's to sexily and hurriedly procure the necessary items.  WHATEVER, HOT GIRL.  Your loss.  I woulda let you share a cup of greek yogurt with me.  BUT!!  There were tons of other attractive people there.  Like, in every aisle.  I mean, no lie, it was like a hot-people flash-mob.  I was like, "Jeez, did all the hot people move to Mid-City, or do they just all agree to meet up at Rouse's on Monday nights?"  Who knows.  So even though things didn't work out with the girl in the produce department, I will definitely be back soon.Other than that, Rouse's has a fine salad bar.  I really, really like the Rouse's salad bar.  Sometimes, even if I'm buying all the same shit that's on the salad bar, I can't help but make myself a salad for immediate consumption.  The only problem is a lot of times they don't label the tuna salad vs. the chicken salad.  Dude, some of us can't take chances with that shit.  Just fucking be clear about which is which.  Oh and they have an olive bar.  YUM.  I am gross and I steal olives off of it sometimes.  It's just so hard not to.  I bought a pound of salmon from the seafood department the other day, and it was good.  So yeah, attractive people at Rouse's.  If you know me, you know how much I love Winn Dixie.  But after the other night, I might just have to start batting for the other team (the Rouse's team, that is).  At least until they build the new fancy Winn Dixie across the street.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,2/12/2012,137,178,4,5,6>Aw I like this place. Last night was my second visit to this joint not too far from my place.Met up with a friend to celebrate the Lunar New Year (yeah, it's not just the Chinese who use the lunar calendar) and our heritage by going to a Korean restaurant, but we got a late start and we weren't going to be able to make it to the resto before they closed. So we were tryin to figure out where to grab some food and decided to stop in for some sushi at Little Tokyo on S. Carrollton.I had been here once before on a date and the sushi was pretty good, so I was excited to try it again. This time I got the Utah Roll (my friend got the Spicy Tuna Rainbow Roll, which I think is what I had last time). Delicious. I am having a cream cheese phase and the Utah Roll hit the spot. It has shrimp tempura and cream cheese inside and snow crab, tuna, and avocado on top with eel sauce. Yummy.There was a live band and I loved the bass player because he reminded me of our bassist in my old funk band. I was just glad that they were open late. We probably rolled in at about 9:30, the time the original restaurant we were going to go to closes at.I'd like to be here for karaoke one night. But probably earlier in the night because I can't say I have too much patience for horrible drunk singers (I can be a snob)...
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,2/11/2012,86,117,2,7,5>So many different cheeses here make my head spin! Ladies are extremely knowledgeable on their products.  I love cheese but haven't built the courage to try anything with blue in it.  One day for sure..They have these cheese classes which I'm dying to make time to attend...The sandwiches are delicious but my personal favorite is the Manchego Salad with slices of pears.  So refreshing!One of my favorites here in NOLA!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,2/10/2012,83,103,5,7,8>This is the best dive bar in the Bywater. It's laid back most of the time and the owners are awesome. They are personable and do whatever possible to cater your needs. There are a ton of locals, but that shouldn't detour tourists that are going through the Bywater. They open at 9AM and stay open till the last person leaves. There isn't a single bad bartender and they all leave you with good conversation. I highly recommend this place if you just want to have a few beers to get away.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,2/9/2012,234,1331,7,4,4>I hate Ms Mae's and I love Ms Mae's.  I love the cheap drinks and some of the characters this place attracts but I hate the thick smoke produced by the nasty chain smokers that are attracted to this watering hole like moths to a flame.  Ms Mae's is a very popular place for folks to get boozed up prior to shows at Tipitina's.  This place never closes so saying it is open 24 hours isn't really accurate as it is eternally open.  This is the place to seek when all others have called it quits.  So after you stumble into the bright and horrid sunlight when Snake'n Jakes kicks you out at dawn many of your fellow revelers will be heading to the eternal dankness of this high shrine to all things dive bar and boozed up.  They have several pool tables and other games to entertain the patrons as if the sheer ambiance of the cheapest booze anywhere isn't enough.  A fantastic place and a purgatory where you have no choice but to burn through the bargain booze that will cause such joy now and such hangover pain later.  They only take cash here and be prepared for anything as they have survived fire, car crashes through the front door, and they just kept going during Katrina and the aftermath with no ice and hot beer.  If a nuclear holocaust happened the two definite survivors in New Orleans would be the cockroaches and Ms Mae's.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,2/8/2012,125,204,7,11,8>OK, After several visits I have to say Creole Creamery remains the best freaking ice cream ever. Anywhere. Really, I mean this. This stuff is better (OK, in a different way but at least as good as) the best sex I've ever had. Here's a rundown of some recent flavors: Steen's Molasses Oatmeal Cookie - outstanding. complex. legendary. Grand Marnier - I think my current favorite. Best use of the amazing liquor yet. Think orgasm. Mexican Hot Chocolate - simply yum. Avocado - interesting. Lots of avocado.  A little plain by itself but I can only imagine what a good pastry chef could do with it. Buttermilk Drop. Think donuts and cream. Enough said. Naked - yes, nude. The bases of off these amazing flavors. Simple, plain, but damn amazing. When can we go back?
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,2/23/2014,12,38,4,15,12>Awesome place for cocktails & conversation! Treo has delicious mixed drinks that are super reasonably priced, really cool original artwork, and really just has an awesome atmosphere. I will definitely be back to try some tapas once the kitchen is open. It's wonderful to see places like this come to Tulane Ave!!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,2/22/2014,266,221,2,12,7>Coming from Hawaii I was so skeptical about trying sushi here in NOLA, so after 7 months of living here I finally decided to go for it. With all these options I did not know where to go, my first choice was closed, so I went with a place that was new so I could make a fair opinion not clouded by others. And of course I pick a place with a Hawaiian name, " Ohana". I must definitely say that this was a great experience and a nice lunch.Ohana is a fusion of mostly Japanese and Chinese with other Asian hints here and there. I mainly wanted sushi when coming here so I ordered 3 different rolls. I got the Dancing Roll, the Ohana Dream, and Sunkist. They were all very delicious, but I think the Ohana Dream was my favorite because of the Unagi. Literally anything with Unagi is going to be amazing to me. Each plate had the right amount of pieces and the presentation was nice as well. For appetizers I ordered the pork dumplings and a small hot/sour soup. These were also very delicious!The decor is modern, simple, and very very clean. It seems to be a bit classier than other restaurants out there, so you should probably dress pretty nice when coming. Prices are reasonable, with your bill going to be about $20 - $30 a person if you order a nice amount. They do have awesome lunch specials and bento boxesfor about $10 a person. I will definitely have to come back again and try one of those! The service is friendly, though my waitress had a little language barrier since she could not figure out if I wanted "Asahi" or "Sake", but she got it in the end. My only little issue was that since we sat on a table, all of the food we ordered did not exactly fit on it. The plates they use are really large and if you order more than 4 things you will probably run into space issues, so maybe a booth would be better. Other than that, Ohana is a great new place to try. Come for a nice dinner date or grab a lunch. Thumbs Up!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,2/21/2014,120,138,6,12,10>Totally my kind of place! I love the style and ambiance there. They converted an old gas station into a restaurant and decorated it all in a vintage, shabby-chic style. I love the funky look of it all.We tried the mac and cheese to start with. It was very good and very cheesy. I was torn on what to order because it all sounded good. I ended up choosing the grilled fish tacos. They were excellent. My boyfriend got one of the burgers. I tried some of his and it was awesome. For dessert, we got the flourless chocolate cake to go. (We were stuffed.) It was delicious.The prices are a bit high, but the quality of the food is very good.I look forward to visiting there again!As a side note, I also liked that they serve Mighty Leaf Tea and they have Mexican Coke.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/20/2014,1319,184,13,10,8>I'm a burger guy. If I'm ever on death row, the classic burger and fries (or onion rings -- keep reading) combination is likely to be my requested last meal. Thankfully, I'm not on death row. But I still got to enjoy Company Burger last night. I guess you could say it was yesterday's "last meal."I've been to Company Burger a couple of times before, but last night was my best experience yet. Let me explain why.I've got a minor obsession (paradox alert) with pickles. I even have a t-shirt that simply states "I (heart) pickles" -- and I really do. But I HATE bread and butter pickles. Ugh, so gross! Unfortunately, bread and butter pickles are obviously near and dear to the hearts of the owners of Company Burger, because this is the only kind of pickle they serve. And I just can't really enjoy a burger without pickles on it. It's an essential ingredient. So you know what I did? I brought my own. :)Yep, I'm that guy. I shoved a Ziplock sandwich bag full of dill pickle chips into my pocket, drove over to Company Burger, and plopped them right on top of my burger. It was amazing. You may think this makes me a weirdo, and I'm ok with that. But just so you know, my friend was pretty excited about my dill pickles and she followed my head, replacing the nasty bread and butters with the delicious dills I had brought. So at least I'm not a weirdo by myself!And the onion rings are freaking awesome too. The fries are wonderful, but sometimes you just have to mix things up. Beer goes great with a burger, and there are lots of options -- both tap and cans -- at Company Burger.The last thing I'll say is that for a fast food style burger, Company Burger isn't really cheap. Burger, fries, and beer last night was over $16. Ouch. But it was damn good.I'll definitely be back, and I'll be bringing my own pickles from now on.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,2/19/2014,99,352,8,14,12>As far as distillery tours go, Old New Orleans is the mack daddy ya'll.-Very knowledgeable. Yes, you will actually learn cool stuff! About the rum making process, a little NOLA history, the background of the owner and how Old New Orleans Rum came to be.-the tasting portion of the tour will give you a rum for your money...see what I did there....eh??ok, seriously though, you get to taste all of the different rums and if they pour extras they use scare tactics and tell you they will throw it away if you don't throw it down your gullet. There's no choice, really. -our tour guide made goodies at his house using rum and let us taste his homemade desserts AND had the recipes ready for us when we asked. This guy is a pro! -This is a great outing for 21 and up locals and tourists looking for something fun. -Oh and its only ten bucks!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/18/2014,142,98,4,11,8>Great little spot in Riverbend. This location has played host to quite a few different restaurants in the last few years but none of them seem to have been very successful or lasted for very long. The curse seems to have been lifted, as Pho Bistreaux has been there for a while and looks like they're here to stay! Even when they're busy the service is still quite prompt. I grabbed lunch with a friend recently; we took the only empty table in the place and still had our food within twenty minutes of sitting down. The menu itself is not nearly as extensive as other Vietnamese places in town, but it doesn't need to be. They stick to the basics - banh mi, pho, bao and the like - and they do them well. Plenty of vegetarian options too, if that's your thing. Prices are reasonable, my friend and I each had an appetizer, banh mi, and drink and it only cost us about 15$ each. I'm glad to see another decent pho place open up on this side of the river. Sometimes I don't want to have to cross the Mississippi and make my way through the West Bank for a good bowl of pho, you know? And thankfully now I don't have to.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,2/17/2014,7,21,8,11,7>It might be helpful to distinguish between four and five stars, because I often feel the line might seem arbitrary. A four star place is the kind of place where I'm a regular. If I rank a place four stars, it's in my regular routine. I would be sad if it closed.A five star review is the kind of place where I'd take someone from out of town. It's a phenomenon that deserves to have its story told. It's the kind of place I'll be telling my bored nephews and nieces about at a BBQ in ten years. Kukhnya is a five star place. It's where I brought my brother first when he visited New Orleans for the first time. Not because I thought it would be a  representative sample of New Orleans cuisine or because it was going to fulfill his expectations, but because I knew it was going to blow his mind. Kukhnya is something I could only imagine in New Orleans: a cheap slavic soul food place at the back of a crust-metal dive bar. On the evening I brought my brother from the airport, a noise-metal show was about to start, and so I swore to the bouncer "II won't listen to the music, I promise. I'm just here for the food." He understood and let us skip the cover. While waiting for a transcendent beet reuben and a delicious and substantial plate of pierogis, we giggled into our beers as the band did the most Dadaist soundcheck conceivable, walking from mic to mic and screaming precisely into each one, then electrifying their guitars with great careening arm-swings. Kukhnya has a bunch of great things on the menu: a great burger, the aforementioned beet reuben [and plenty of other veggie options for you people with a conscience], awesome pierogis, and Sunday specials that are so lovingly crafted, you would swear that your grandmother was both Ukranian and loved you more than she did.My only caveat is that you want the head chef and proprietor working. When he's not around [bearded young guy often wearing a hat], the quality suffers a bit. It's his vision, and his dedication and genuine care shine through. Someday, he'll open a fancy restaurant and I'll be first in line [even if I'm a little sad I can't get incredible food for under ten bucks anymore].
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,2/16/2014,71,63,6,11,7>Heaters are an afterthought in New Orleans.  The oppressive heat and humidity throughout the year see to that.  On those first few days that it's actually cold enough to turn one on, you're probably outside in your underwear yelling "Yes! Finally!"  Then, a few hours later, you discover that it's really, really cold and that you have no winter clothes because, I mean, you live in New Orleans.  "What is this winter you speak of?"  So, you start layering up with everything you've got, and crank up the heater.  Only, this time, the heater laughs in your face and spews more cold air.  It's time to call the professionals before you become an ice cube. Who you gonna call?  Premiere A/C & Heating.  These guys will have your heater blowing enough hot air to fill an entire prime time segment on Fox News.  Jerard knows his stuff.  I have an old gas fired wall heater that had decided it was not going to function anymore.  Jerard came out, diagnosed the problem, procured a new part and had that heater up and running in under 2 hours.  A pleasant experience all around.  I would highly recommend Premiere for any HVAC issue that comes your way.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,2/15/2014,13,171,,8,6>Went here for Happy Hour, amazing.  Half price beer and wines.  Great specialty cocktails.  Different plates for $2,$4,$6.  The sea scallop was perfect. Pomme frites also hit the spot.  Sat at the bar and conversed with the bartender who was great.  Met the owner and his mom, seemed like a great place surrounded by great people.  Can't want to go back again and try more!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,2/14/2014,242,340,4,11,4>This is my go to lunch spot if I need a quick sandwich on my lunch break. The menu is diverse enough for every budget and appetite. I recommend the club on toast. It's delicious and affordable. I suggest that they keep it local and offer more local craft beer options though.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,9/26/2012,152,91,4,14,7>What a great Vet. Anytime I have an emergency she is sure to squeeze us in, and is very understanding and flexible when it comes to payments. So far this is the only vet I've found that doesn't demand 100% of the payment at the time of the visit which has saved me more than once. It's also reflective of their compassionate staff. The yearly checkups are always thorough and comprehensive. We also got the little one neutered here and everything went smoothly, he healed quickly and the vet herself called to check up on him twice. I am always impressed that she takes the time to call and follow up and doesn't just have one of the staff do it for her.The flea and heartworm medication, food, and other pharmacy items are always reasonably priced. I actually looked up how much Triflexis was on 1800 petmeds and they actually sell it for the same price here. And when my doxie needed to loose a few pounds we bought a food she had recommended from them and when I went to buy a similar food at Petco it was significantly more expensive. What I loved was she didn't pressure us into buying the food from her, she said we could get something equivalent from the store if we wanted.Overall this is one of the best Vets I've ever been to, and my dogs are very accident prone so this means a lot!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,9/25/2012,154,99,4,13,8>As someone who has lived and traveled around Asia, I scrutinize Asian restaurants a little more than others. I look at noodle shops as "Asian fast food" and I'm used to hole in the wall places that are open until 3am. I find it a little unusual that people (hipsters) would want to have a dining experience with soup and noodles.BUT Magasin does a fantastic job of blending East and West as well as bringing local Vietnamese food culture to Uptown. This is probably the only place that I have been to more than once in a month. I love, LOVE their BBQ pork spring rolls as well as, of course, their pho! The portions are a good size, my order came to me really quickly, and the bill didn't break my budget. They do close nightly around 9 pm but I hope they keep open later in future. They just opened and while their staff are friendly and polite, they seem at times a little overwhelmed. But that's OK because they will get even better once they hit their stride. They are going to be a strong Uptown establish soon enough!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,9/24/2012,181,479,2,12,8>This is not the sort of place that I hang out on a regular basis, but when I have visitors in town I love to sit on the veranda enjoy a fancy drink (or a local brew, they  have Abita Amber and NOLA Blonde on tap) and enjoy the view of St. Charles Ave.  The architecture is simply amazing. The structure itself is a study in elegance and decadence (in the decaying sense). It is a beautiful old building with stunning details that could not be duplicated in a modern building. It has seen better times, but when I sit on the front porch I can't help but imagine the generations of New Orleanians and their guests who have come before me to enjoy a Sazerac while overlooking the same lovely view.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,9/23/2012,53,105,31,10,8>I hope ya'll don't mind if I sloooooow jaaaam this review.  Awwwwww yeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhhGirl, you know how sometimes, a man and a woman get this feeling.  It's this feeling deep, deep down inside, in the soul of every woman and every man.  That's right, girl, I'm talking about hunger.  Now, I don't mean just a hunger for pizza, I'm talking about a hunger for life, a hunger for lust, a hunger for tomato sauce and cheese covered sexual satisfaction. SEXUAL SATISFACTIONMmmmmmm hmmmmmm.  Girl, you know what I'm talking about.  This isn't some thang we can satiate with everyday garlic butter, you know what I mean?  This calls for something special tonight.  Something exotic.  Girl, did you know there's a place in the bywater.  It's in an alley in some neighborhood where all the freaky people get down.  They will sell you a mind blowing pizza for only $14.  If you want to get really freaky, they always got something a little special going, you dig?  Get you some broccoli rolls baby.  Mmmmmmm.  That sure is good.  A couple thangs you need to know:  they take their time.  I'm talking hours baby.  This pizza train is coming and it's coming slow.  Also, be sure to bring cash money girl; ain't no plastic when we get down.  Awwwwwwww yeeeeaaaaahhhhh.Now enjoy the pizza ride.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,9/22/2012,1085,123,18,15,6>I Had A Last Date Here Once...These are the dates where they meet your folks on Valentines Day and you never hear from them again, right? Cause that's how I roll.I would just like to preface this by saying I'm certain the quality of the food at Patois had nothing to do with things not working out. That's most likely the head-shaped growth on my ass that keeps laughing at the women I date while reiterating specific words they say. (Not cool, Butt-head!) Dinner itself was fantastic all around.Here's everything we enjoyed that night other than my delusion of having any perceived value whatsoever:- Potato Gnocchi: chanterelle mushrooms, blue crab & parmigiano-reggiano  (I have a thing for blue crab)- Crispy Pork Belly & Seared Scallop with a Steen's cane syrup & spicy mustard drizzle  (My mom heard the call of bacon and scallop)- Charred Baby Octopus: Chorizo, Kalamata olives with fregola & a Meyer lemon citronette  (How can you NOT order something that sounds like a dare to Cthulhu?)- Fried P&J Oyster salad: Spinach, ruby streak mustards, Benton's bacon, parmesan & a Meyer lemon buttermilk dressing  (My folks needed their oysters - and more bacon)- Smoked Rabbit, Andouille & Greens Gumbo  (I needed my fluffy bunny meat)- Delachaise Community Garden's Lettuce Salad: shaved local radishes, toasted pumpkin seeds, ryal's goat's milk cheddar & a local wildflower honey vinaigrette  (My date needed to not feel guilty about never seeing me again)- Spiced Muscovy Duck Breast: Lacinato kale, Cotechino sausage, duck confit & wild rice calas & a chestnut honey reduction  (Tasty - possibly better than dying alone)- King Cake Bread Pudding: Creole Cream Cheese Ice Cream, Ponchatoula Strawberry Compote, White Chocolate Garnish  (Definitely better than dying alone)My folks had a nice time and we actually enjoyed our evening so much we even overstayed our welcome and were eventually asked to leave. Funny, I was surprised it took them so long to say our sitting there just wasn't going to work out for them anymore and that they wanted to make room for someone else. But at least somebody said it. (Oh snap)Anyhow, nice place, nice meal, and I will certainly return at some point for the brunch.Before dying alone.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,9/21/2012,257,566,12,6,5>I thought I reviewed this, but maybe not. Since our wedding will be in Franklinton, I've gone over the Causeway more times over the past few months than I have in the past few years.It's long and tedious, but it gets you where you need to go. I never take it during the week, but I hear traffic can get pretty slow and backed up. Weekend trips are the best, so you can set cruise to 70-ish and hope nobody gets in the way (note: speed limit is 65 most of the way). Just don't fall asleep.My first time on the Causeway Bridge went a little something like this..."Wow, look at the lake, it's beautiful""....wow, this is a lot of water""how many miles have we driven?""is this ever going to end?""LOOK! LAND!"The subsequent trips are pretty much the same, really.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,9/20/2012,71,130,2,19,9>When I moved to New Orleans one of my first objectives was to find "my" Asian supermarket, and so I've found it with Hong Kong Food Market. A little bit of a hike from New Orleans proper, Hong Kong Market is situated well into Wank territory, but fear not it's worth the travel. This market has a great variety of fresh produce that range from the pedestrian to the strange. All of which are at a good price, $1 for a head of romaine lettuce, yes please! Although, the prices do vary during the week depending on freshness... later in the week better deals, but not bright and crisp produce. Also, you can't beat their seafood selection. They have huge tanks teaming with live tilapia, crabs, and many other sea beasties. Along with these fish, they also have cut to size Salmon and Tuna steaks, which are great for grilling season. Additionally, if you look through their frozen fish they have some great finds, I found a bag of shelled periwinkles! I haven't had any in years. I secured a bag, and I'm going to call Nana to get her old recipe.For the bonus round, the market sells a selection of baked good from Dong Phuong, which makes some great breads and pastries. Also, as other reviewers have said, their $3 banh mi sandwiches are both delicious and a great deal. Get there early if you want one because they do sell out. Overall, I leave the Hong Kong market with a grocery cart full of food for less than $100. I'm a fan.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,9/19/2012,166,165,2,4,4>Absolutely my favorite place to go for a tuna nicoise salad ($12). It's definitely an entree portion and very filling. Comes predressed. I've also tried the tuna nicoise sandwich and it's ok, too bready for me and pales in comparison to the salad. And their quiche is to die for! DIE. FOR. I am always devastated when they are sold out by lunch. Even heated up at home the next day it's still scrumptious to the last bite! I've had a couple of their sandwiches, all super tasty and aromatic, but honestly, TINY for the price. I may be petite but I have a voracious appetite and their cute open face baguettes just aren't gonna cut it.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/18/2012,41,249,,6,3>I've only been to Avenue Pub a handful of times-- mainly because I end up spending way too much money here to be a regular. But watch out if I win the Powerball. Every trip has been nothing short of fantastic. I've never ordered any of their food, just enjoyed a small sampling of their gigantic beer offering. (I have, however, picked up BBQ from the NOLA Smokehouse Pop Up on Sundays. Yum, but that's another review.)Did I mention the ginormous, ridiculous variety of beer? I'm talking about a multi-page menu of beer the likes of which I've never seen before. And, this is not the usual corporate-approved beer menu found at places like The Bulldog, this is a hand-picked, ever-changing selection of beer cultivated with love by someone who knows what they're doing. Many of the choices are limited and when they're gone, they're gone.I love beer. All beer, I don't discriminate. I'm not above a High Life, in fact it's often my first choice. It's kind of like how I love a good burger, but every once in a while, I like to splurge and enjoy a big, fat ribeye. I feel the same way about beer and Avenue Pub is my go-to spot when it's time to splurge on beer.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,9/17/2012,64,156,3,5,3>Ah, Zotz. One of the many reasons that I miss living Uptown. The coffee is good, there are lots of tables and outlets to study, it's open late, and the people watching is great. Oh, and the decor is quirky. What more can you ask for?
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,2/8/2013,15,123,3,8,2>My wife has been a huge influence on me eating at some classy restaurants.  The first time eating here was for my birthday, so we went all out.  We got the BBQ shrimp appetizer, and I could have drank the sauce, it was that good.  We got this cracklin' salad that was weird because the texture of the cracklin' was mushy.  I'm not sure what we should have expected, but it was what it was.  The entree I had gotten was the redfish, which was stellar.  The wife got the lamb which she loved.  We had the blood orange icebox pie AND the chocolate souffle for dessert to split between us.  The pie was amazing, and we have been back since and had other versions of the same pie and all are delicious.  Back to the souffle, it was fantastic, but we couldn't eat it all.  When the waiter came to clear the plate, I told him that was the first time I looked at food with contempt because I could not eat something that tasted so good.  We basically left with both of us having a food coma.  The wait staff comes from Cafe Reconcile, and they're all very nice and attentive.  They also do that thing where they take the razor blade like thing and scrape the bread crumbs from in front of you.  It's a white table cloth place, but you can show up in casual clothes.  However, when you're eating at a fancy place, it makes it better when you dress to match.  It's loud in there, but it's because so many people are talking and having a good time.  A quiet dinner would probably be best eaten elsewhere.  You can walk in and sit at the bar tables and get the same food too, so on a crowded night if you just want dessert, that's the way to go.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,2/7/2013,36,180,3,7,4>Recently I moved a few blocks down form here.  I was ecstatic when I learned that they deliver until 1:00am EVERY night.  They also do a fantastic happy hour.  The menu is limited BUT it's a great way to get your sushi on with out blowing the bank.  Rolls are OK but I'm all about the raw fish baby!  Hoshun's pieces are generous compared to some other places.  They do not skimp.A friend was in town recently and we walked down to Hoshun.  Because we both love sushi/sahimi we ordered the boat for two.  What a dream.  Totally sushi heaven!!!  Hoshun isn't just Japanese food.  They have a wider variety something for everyone.  Noodle dishes, rices dishes, pho... everything except hibachi.  I've been here with different sized groups and it's perfect.  The only not so great thing I can say is, their cocktail list needs improving.  I always order my fave, unfiltered sake so no real biggie there.If you haven't eaten here yet, then you should make a point to.  Better yet, have them deliver it.  They also deliver sake!!!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,2/6/2013,419,77,4,6,5>Step aside roast beef poboy! There's a new sammich in town! Moroccan spiced lamb sausage? Seriously? Are these people trying to embarrass me in public due to an unnatural reaction to the food that can only be described in this forum as "sensual"? The sausage is spiced perfectly with lingering hot notes that stick with, but do not impede the complex flavors that are bursting from the homemade tatzkiki that garnishes this killer poboy! I'm begging for more right now! Killer poboys, I am at your mercy.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/31/2012,2/5/2013,71,63,8,7,5>Beer, good.  Free beer, better.  It seems that every beer lover in southeast Louisiana has made the pilgrimage to Abita at one time or another, and with good reason.  It's a solid local brewery that offers over a dozen tasty brews some of which are on every bar menu in NOLA.  It's only out of natural curiosity-and the desire for free beer samples-that one wants to see how this magical stuff is made.  They offer free tours daily every hour or so.First off, this place is big.  A "micro brewery" Abita is not.  Over 130,000 barrels roll off campus every year and are sold nationwide.  The main entrance is a French Quarter-esqe walled courtyard complete with fountain and a wrought iron balcony looming overhead.  It's a little odd that all of this is in the middle of nowhere surrounded by a pine tree forest, but it's definitely a nice touch.Just behind the front door is the bar/tasting room/gift shop and beyond that is the brewery.  To start things off, everyone lines up to go behind the bar and sample some beer, which include all of their flagship beers plus whatever seasonal brews are available.  It should be obvious that this is the highlight of the Abita trip.  I mean, how often does the bartender give you a glass and say "Come on back and try whatever you want!"  After this it's a quick film about their beer it's off to the brewery. Sadly, there were no rivers of beer or Oompa Loompas behind the brewery door.  The "tour" lasted all of five minutes.  We made our way through the indoor forest of stainless steel tanks to two locations where we listened to a quick synopsis of the basic beer making process.  The acoustics in the building, the P.A. system and the large group all made it difficult to hear what they were saying.  It was like listening to the adults talk to the Peanuts gang.  Honestly the film we saw beforehand was a lot more informative and entertaining.I would have liked to see how the different flavored beers are created, what kind of special ingredients they use or how it's bottled/canned/kegged/packaged.  The tour was lacking, but it was impressive to see how big their operation is.  I still think it's worth the trip across the lake.  Did I mention the free beer?
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,2/4/2013,40,138,20,9,12>One downside of theatres,is the number of kids.that talk and text messages,They won't leave the grid.As a easy alternative,Canal Place do you go.Over 18 is their mantra;Just give up your woe.The theatres are cozy,the seats large and leather.Its not "first come first served"but reserved you will tether.A bar in the lobby,with full drinks and wine.This place is so different,the lobby, the first sign.The ticket price is higher,a few dollars or so.The price is well-justified,just go with the flow.Parking is validated,don't leave it in the car.Just two bucks to park,you don't walk so far.The sound is on par,the screen crystal clear.and oh, but the best part;they serve lots of beer.A full menu of dinner,snacks and pop-corn.It's not light of calorie,so don't say I didn't warn.Wine, drinks and beer aplenty,you can enjoy before the show.but wait, yes, there's more!Your excitement will grow!There's service at your seat!In the theatre, so easy!You don't leave your seat,to get wine and your cheesy.They'll bring you a beer,a pizza, some wine.You now watch your movie,and contemporaneously dine!As I've gotten older,I no longer go,to any other theatre.Here I spend my dough.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,2/3/2013,161,1547,4,9,6>I love inari and it is hard to find at sushi restaurants in NOLA. And there it was on the menu. YUM! I also am a big fan of the passion roll which was cucumber and some fish and some stuff. (Yes, I could look it up but just trust me that it's delish.)The service was good; the dining room was simple and the fish was fresh. What more could I want?  The dining room was not crowded on a Friday night in January so quick seating and hot sake & hot green tea were much appreciated.  Plus we got rock star parking right out front. Clearly it was meant to be.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,2/2/2013,295,505,1,6,4>4.5/5 this is it.i don't give out stars this high very often. they usually coincide with michelin stars. but this place, it is qualified as "best in its class," and as far as i understand it, it's been that way since foreva-eva. these sandwiches are formidable, and in all the right ways. the cheese to meat ratio is on, the oil and salty olives make your tongue wander, and that bread seals the deal, there's a mouthful and toasty edges. oh yes. i may or may not be eating my 3rd portion as i type this. don't worry, i won't leave the 4th abandoned either.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,2/1/2013,105,131,,7,4>Came here last night for a Cocktail Competition that was held in their courtyard patio. Was pleasantly surprised I would definitely come here again for a beer and to use their really nice and clean restroom that has an attendant and tv! I did not go upstairs so I look forward to getting the opportunity to do that next time! P.S. I loved the Light Up Mardi Gras mask that line the Corridor! Great Photo Op!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,1/31/2013,216,410,6,19,12>The other reviewers were pretty spot on.  the only thing that may have not mentioned was: to expect long lines*VIP option is the way to go if you can afford the extra $*Plan on spending time after the tour to listen to the band and/or sit on the deck to enjoy some adult bevs. *wear loose clothing because it gets pretty HOT inside the haunted house. Cant really put a/c ducts in this kind of set up*we brought our 9 and 10 year old and the workers were very accommodating to them. I noticed as soon as they saw the kids, they would return to their hiding spot as to not "over do" the fright. They were still scared but wanted to go again when it was over.This is their 20th year in business and it shows. Its as good as it gets. Woohoo!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/30/2013,63,50,5,11,11>There are a lot of common themes in the New Orleans dining scene, both positive and negative. One of the negative ones that I've heard, and admittedly have stated myself, is how New Orleans is REALLY GREAT at doing what it does but lacks quality in regards to food from other cultures. Just a quick perusal of Yelp reviews for ethnic (read: non-Creole/Cajun or American) restaurants yields a great deal of bemoaning the fact that these ethnic places can't compete with others around the country, or that they're "good for New Orleans but only of average-quality in New York/San Francisco/other more culturally-diverse city."It is my belief that these statements are unfortunately true a majority of the time (don't hate me NOLA born-and-bred's!), which makes it extremely important for people who desire higher-quality non-New Orleans cuisine to support restaurants that do it right, even if it's not exactly as amazing as it was "back home" or wherever it was that you had your food nirvana. Continued support for quality authentic establishments will encourage more chefs and restaurateurs to view this city as a place where great non-New Orleans food can thrive. I believe that Little Chinatown is one of those places, in terms of quality authentic Cantonese cuisine.Is Little Chinatown perfect? No, but no place truly is. There can be some consistency issues and the tea selection isn't the best - no polay or chrysanthemum teas which are Cantonese staples - but overall this is by far as good as it gets in New Orleans. How does it compare to Cantonese restaurants in Chinese hubs like Vancouver and San Francisco? When the bulk of my extended family from these cities came down for my wedding, we brought them here THREE times so they could get a taste of home (perhaps a little extreme on their part but hey, family gets what family wants. And yes, they did get many meals of New Orleans food too). One of my cousins who basically only eats Chinese food back in Vancouver made a simple comment that may have seemed like a throwaway to him, but truly indicates how this place stands out from the rest of the New Orleans Chinese restaurants: "I gotta say I'm surprised you have decent Chinese here. Not as great as home (sigh...there it is again) but really very good."There are a lot of really tasty dishes on the menu, but some of my personal favorites are the Empress Chicken, Beef Chow Fun (granted I would order at any place that has it available b/c I love the flavors, but theirs is one of the better ones), Deep Fried Intestines, Walnut Shrimp (same comment as with the chow fun), Oriental Green Vegetables (my favorite is when they have dou miu - snow pea shoots), and the Lamb Clay Pot (which I just noticed isn't actually on the menu. You should try it though). Off-menu items are also always delicious and you can always ask what they have when you sit down. Of course Roast Duck and Roast Pork are common Cantonese staples and should be tried at least once. And don't forget to order yourself whatever whole fish is available for the day if you've never tried it. They do a good job of steaming it properly so that the fish is perfectly moist and the sauce flavors are imbued well.Everything is full of flavor and, like another review mentioned, meant to be eaten with white rice to balance the saltiness, richness, and sauciness. The true Cantonese way. Unfortunately I have no experience, and therefore no comment, on the non-traditional dishes on their menu so if that's your cup of tea I'm afraid I can't be very helpful on this review. However, the good thing is that on the menu they mix the traditional dishes in with the non-traditional ones AND give them more Americanized names, so maybe you'll stumble upon something that you normally wouldn't try and end up liking it! I have a sneaky suspicion that newcomers would be more likely to try "Empress Chicken" than "Cantonese Steamed Chicken with Ginger-Garlic Sauce."Another plus for non-Chinese speakers is that there are a good number of young-adult/young-teen American-Born-Asian servers who are just as well versed in non-accented English as they are in their native language. The result is that there isn't an obvious language barrier that can sometimes lead to an awkward dining experience. Overall I give my heartiest recommendation to Little Chinatown for your Cantonese-cuisine fix, and encourage everyone to show support for their efforts at maintaining this quality.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,6/19/2011,272,184,3,13,5>Willing to go out of your way for good eats? Of course you do; you're reading Yelp. Head to the West Bank and check out Daiwa! This new Japanese restaurant opened last month and is already gaining popularity by word of mouth.You might recognize sushi chef and owner Ken Wong from behind the bar at Hana and various Little Tokyo locations, most recently LT Uptown (with me! The funnest and second-clumsiest server they've ever had). Named after the famous Daiwa Sushi restaurant in Tsukiji, Japan, Daiwa serves well-priced sushi rolls, lunch and dinner specials, and a smattering of chef specialties and yakitori.A group of my former Little Tokyo Uptown co-workers and I headed over this week to support our friend's new venture and both stomachs and wallets appreciated the endeavor. I don't have good pictures of the interiors, but it is brightly lit (which I personally like, as it makes for better photography), with a hand painted cherry branch mural on the wall and Ikea orb lanterns dangling throughout.The following dishes were split among the 5 of us and filled us all up nicely. Full disclosure: We paid for everything at full-price, no discount, except the complimentary dessert and small-dish sample of glass noodles. Onto the food!Squid steak: I enjoyed the legs most because I like my calamari charred and crisp. Only complaint, I wish the onions had come cooked or carmelized, as they didn't have enough time on the iron platter .Baked mussels: Standardly flavored with salmon roe and cream, the chopped pieces of mussels added a nice chew to the sweet sauce.Agedashi tofu: One of my favorite dishes from Japanese restaurants anywhere, these blocks of tender yet firm tofu are lightly battered and fried, then topped with bonito flakes and chives, served with soy sauce. Nummy nummy!Cowboy roll: crawfish inside, seared rare steak on the outside - Here is the first of the specialty rolls we tried, the Cowboy Roll. I personally don't like crawfish in my sushi, but I appreciated it's slight spice as contrasted with the delicious, lightly seared beef.Salmon yogurt roll: Raw salmon, shrimp tempura, salad greens wrapped in Vietnamese rice paper, topped with sweet/tangy yogurt sauce. No rice. - I didn't think I would like this because sweet foods bother me so it was a nice surprise. This was more like goi cuon (Vietnamese spring roll) than a traditional sushi roll. The fresh salad greens with crispy shrimp and supple raw salmon, flavored only slightly with the sweet yogurt sauce, mixed yummily in my mouth. I hate sauce-doused sushi (like so many places in the NOLA do); a light drizzle works perfectly for me.Sample of a new dish: glass noodles and kimchi. -  While waiting for our next dish, Ken brought out a small sample of a new dish: spicy kimchi glass noodles with chilled cucumber. It reminds me of childhood cold noodle dishes that you buy on the street in Taiwan. Fun note: glass noodles are made with mung beans so they have absolutely no carbohydrates.Kimchi and hamachi roll  - I didn't try this because I didn't want to. I mean, I like hamachi as sashimi; I'm just not a big fan of like spicy tuna-like preparations. Looked good though, especially if you like kimchi. BBQ eel hibachi rice - I was feeling hungry and wanted rice to fill up at this point, so Ken recommended this dish. Probably one of the best hibachi rices I've ever had, with the fatty and meaty eel morsels counterpointing the rice.Negimaki: Thinly sliced rare beef wrapped around green onion and grilled - Another yakitori dish of grilled beef and green onion. I could probably eat like 3 plates of this.Salmon salad - Didn't eat the salad, it was pretty much romaine lettuce with raw salmon diced on top. It looked very nice. Tofu pudding, topped with strawberry, peach, and blueberry - Last, we enjoyed a dessert of almond tofu jello pudding. A little firmer than flan, slightly saccharine, and topped with fruit and drizzled with chocolate sauce, this was a fitting end. We actually couldn't finish all of them.Daiwa's location is a little ways out there but I think it's worth making the West Bank Field Trip for. There are so many dishes I want to try. Can I also mention that they have a full bento box lunch special for $8?
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,6/18/2011,37,68,5,6,4>An International House of Hot Dogs & Wieners in New Orleans!  This place has delicious meat from all across the globe, including German-style franks and brats, Slovenian sausage, and local creations such as the crawfish dog.  The meat is so good that toppings aren't even necessary, but they're all FREE, so go nuts!My girlfriend tried the brat, and let me tell you... this thing had dimension!  My other friend tried the hot sausage that was a perfect mix of spice and heat with flavor.  My crawfish sausage tasted exactly how it should... awesome.No longer will I have to make the trip up to Chicago for my favorite dog... At $5 for a standard dog and $6 for all the ones mentioned above, it would be criminal NOT to check this place out.  CASH ONLY.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,6/17/2011,173,142,30,25,24>12 STEPS TO MASTERING YOUR OLD NEW ORLEANS RUM DISTILLERY EXPERIENCE:1. Admit that you are powerless over the delicious nectar and/or its secret location, so google map it, use a navigation device, or ask a veteran how to get there.  Get there at least 25 minutes before your tour is to start, so as to partake in as many delicious samplings of the daily offering as possible before the tour.  2. Breathe deeply of the magical sweet, alcoholic scent and come to realize (after the first or second sample) that a power greater than ourselves must have inspired this rum's creation. Maybe slow down to fully appreciate the awesomeness of your surroundings and a truly unique New Orleans experience.3. Make a decision to listen to the tour guide and to be a respectful and conscientious tour guest. Do not scoff at the tourists. They are people who love rum and New Orleans, too. Don't forget to tip off your glass before the tour is to start and remember to ration for 30-45 minutes.4.Take a searching and fearless tour of the place with your trusty tour guide, most likely an amazing hipster with a rad rat tail, who is an apprentice taster.  Marvel at his expertise and the complicated process that has brought you the delicious bevvy that you were smart enough to top off before the tour began. Ask questions.5. Admit to God, your friends, and yourself, that there is no better rum in the world, as attested to by the fact that it has won the world's Best Tasting Rum Award for four years in a row (or something like that).6. Notice how much of the distillation process is about removing nasty impurities and defects from the final product. Sip slowly and be happy that the distillers love you enough to take out the shit that gives you hangovers.7. After the tour, humbly and applying all the charm you can muster, ask the bar wench for another drink, but don't let anybody get wind of this secret transaction.8. Sample each of the distillery's offerings in tiny plastic shot glasses, and make a list of your favorites, to prioritize your purchases.9. Make amends to the rums that aren't your favorites, and recognize that someone else loves them as much as you love your favorite.10. Continue to take shot samples, as there will be far too many offered for the crowd to possibly finish.  Waste not, want not.11. Seek, through prayer and meditation, another chance to come back.  Think of all your friends who will be coming to visit soon, and take comfort in the fact that you will return.12. Having a warm belly full of the best rum in the world, purchase a bottle to take home or maybe some swag, so that you might carry the message outwards to those who have not yet come to know the glory of Old New Orleans Rum Distillery.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,6/16/2011,30,32,17,12,8>If the curry udon at Yuki was a humanoid, I'd marry it, have its babies, and give it sexytimes every morning and night. I'd eat its noodle and drink its broth daily, if you know what I mean. So yeah, I really love the curry udon. My mouth is getting all Pavlovian just writing this. Udon want to miss it. I also really enjoy the potato korokke, which is a fried mashed potato thing with a delicious sauce drizzled on top. Fo shizzle my drizzle!I have never really been into sake, nor do I know anything about it, but I've been enjoying it a lot more since I started going to Yuki. The staff is helpful with recommendations, and I've always been pleased as punch with whatever sake I ordered. I don't know how punch can be pleased, but I'm sure punch would very pleased with this sake as well.I'm also a big fan of the quirky atmosphere. Though I love the whole New Orleans vibe of Frenchman street, Yuki is a welcome respite from all of that. Japanese movie films play on the brick wall, a red glow permeates the entire space, and kitschy decorations line the walls. Yuki often has live music, which is always a treat. Last time I was in here the accordionist made me feel like I was living in the movie Amelie, which is a very good feeling to have because that movie is fucking adorable. As others have mentioned, this place is pretty tiny, but I consider the intimacy to be an asset. I just try to avoid going at the busiest times. Sure, the service isn't always the snappiest but that's just fine with me. I never go to Yuki when I'm in a hurry because I like to savor the experience. I suppose it could get trying if you were drunksiepants and in dire need of sustenance before you went home to pass the fuck out (not that I'd know anything about that).My only real criticism of this place is its Dexteresque bathroom. It is dark with a red glow and often has a chair in it. This is not exactly the kind of bathroom you are going to chat up your girlfriends in, so the chair is superfluous and actually a bit creepy. I feel like Dexter could bust in at any moment, put his needle in my neck, and I'd wake up saran wrapped to that damn chair. The bathroom also lacks toilet paper at times. I'm told by my more worldly friends that that it's common to carry your own toilet paper in Japan. But (in my best redneck accent), this is 'merica, so I'm not always walking around prepared for a toilet paperless bathroom scenario. I love this spot and it is a truly unique drinking and dining establishment unlike any other in the city. If you are looking for something different than the stereotypical New Orleans experience, do not miss Yuki.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,6/14/2011,31,120,,8,4>My highest compliments. I am from California, where amazing mexican food is rampant... This is the first mexican restaurant Ive been to outside of the bordering states that had really good, traditional food. I had the most SPECTACULAR cactus burrito... Their menu is large, their salsas are hot and flavorful, and the prices are awesome! Keep it up, you have a fan for life!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,6/13/2011,181,479,5,12,6>We just got back from a trip to Blue Dot Donuts on Canal St. It just opened a few days ago and I found out about it from a friend's entry on "another social networking site". I kid you NOT. When we pulled up there were, not one, but TWO cops cars outside...the word is OUT!! So you know it has to be good...LOL!! It is cute, clean with fun donut art on the walls, there is a little seating area just outside if you want to sit under the oaks and watch the traffic and occasional streetcar pass by. The have donuts, ice cream and coffee. We tried a glazed donut and also a strawberry frosted cake donut. Both were delicious, the glazed was light and fluffy and sweet. We also got an apple fritter to go, that will be breakfast tomorrow, so I will have to report back. Overall, a great new addition to Mid-City. They open at 6am, bless their hearts, and their sign says they stay open "until"...not sure what that means, but I am sure they will get a solid time down at some point.check 'em out!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,6/12/2011,118,34,4,6,6>This parade was pretty awesome! I found out about it from Jess R.'s review and proceeded to harass everyone I knew to come with me.I was not disappointed. I think this is probably my favorite Mardi Gras parade  now, after Krewe of St. Anne. Why only 4 stars then, you ask? I just think that after a few more rolls, this parade will really rock, and I am saving that last star for room to grow. I CAN'T wait for next year y'all!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,6/11/2011,53,45,8,10,7>I don't understand out-of-towners' ideas about dive bars.  This is New Orleans, so everything's a little older, and covered with a layer of, er, nostalgia that passes as dirt elsewhere.If you're looking around Fahy's and you think it's a dive bar, that's because your over-achieving midwestern work ethic is kicked into high gear, and you're listening to the grandpa in your mind saying, "these people should get out that broom and be productive."  They are productive.  They're working on keeping the French Quarter Pool League trophy at home.  And working on making sure the Guinness is served most properly.  And working on getting ready for the Saints game.  They're planning their costumes for the next festival or parade.  You can't judge Fahy's by Des Moines standards.  It's really not a dive bar - it's a local bar in a historic district, like Cheers.  Especially for dogs.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,6/10/2011,65,92,4,7,5>I have to say, I don't think I had much luck with Mexican food in this city. And when I started visiting my dad in south Texas and traveling to Mexico my tastes drastically changed. There is a certain elegant simplicity about good Mexican food, yet it still manages to be packed with flavor.Taqueria Los Poblanos is in my book hands down the most delicious and legit Mexican food in the city. I had an order of three tacos for $5. Tacos were like they should be, soft corn tortillas, with onion and cilantro and some wedges of lime. Meat was juicy and well seasoned. I can vouch for the deliciousness of the carnitas, lengua, carne asada. They have a variety of other meats to choose too, including buche, desebarada, chorizo, chicken, etc.You can get that on a variety of dishes that call for your own personal selection. You will also be given 4 sauces/dips at your table, including pico de gallo, tomatillo sauce, a chipotle sauce, and some other hot sauce. Loved that I had options.I also got some chroizo and cheese dip. Always a good greasy delight. I didn't venture much further off the menu, the fact that I could get quality authentic tacos at a sit down restaurant was too exciting for me. I love tacos, it's simple, cheap, and extremely satisfying. Fellow yelper Chad C was also with me, he can attest to the deliciousness of his food as he some different stuff.Service was also great, waitress was even cute! Strongly suggest you patronize this place please. I need it to be in business forever so I can eat there all the time.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,6/9/2011,57,187,2,6,4>THEY DELIVER with no fee! +1 starThe green salad with gorgonzola cheese and almonds was the BEST side salad with a delivery meal I've EVER HAD!!  Ask for the extra of the dressing!  +1 starBBQ Shrimp Ravioli was very creative, and executed perfectly.  The flavor was pefect.  I have also tried the mussels figaro-one of the best mussel dishes I've ever had.  +1 starTiramisu was among the top 3 I've ever had.  +1 starDelivery was fast and friendly, and their food is packaged to travel well (again, with no fee) +1 starNew Orleans needs more places like this.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,6/23/2014,196,337,4,13,7>I'm very territorial about my neighborhood bar, but I decided it was time to share it with the world... Tucked away in the least expected spot is my favorite neighborhood bar and grill. A place where you will find a range of 25- 65 year old relaxing after work, watch the games, hanging out and more. It's truly a big range of individuals you find in there. I often find myself sitting in there talking with older gentleman and ladies about life, politics, sports, and careers often so this works for me. Another reason this place works for me is the fact that it opens at 4 pm. So when I get off work I can always stop by for a drink or to pick up some yummy food with little to no wait. I prefer to visit Gabby's in the earlier hours but you can find this location open until around 3:00 am Monday through Saturday, excluding Wednesday.Drinks. The drinks are basic, so all your favorite standard alcohol can be found at this location. Some crowd favorites I see people often order is the Blue Hawaiian.Food. Really great food here, definitely not any typical bar food. Things I tried here include, steak, Hawaiian steak, baked potatoes, chicken tenders, fish and shrimp. My favorites have to the Hawaiian steak and chicken tenders. Everything is cook to order and fresh as well as full of flavor. I have no complaints about the food whatsoever. Parking. Ample parking in the lot, but be advised it's not well lit so at night you should be extra careful.Overall this is a favorite place for me to unwind. Keep in mind smoking is allowed in this space, so it can get smoky as night comes.  The location is medium sized and you can also find video poker and pool tables in this location.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,6/22/2014,266,221,2,10,5>Fun full of crazy crowds, lots of food and drinks, loud music, and the hot sun beating down on you! So many people complain that it is too busy and too big, but isn't that what a good Festival is all about. You should not come here if you cannot handle it. You eat food and drink drinks from many different businesses located all around the city. They are showcasing some of the best of what the city has to offer.The Festival is 4 days long from the Thursday to the Sunday. I went on the Thursday, where only 5 stages of music were open. It was crowded, but not overwhelming yet. Great food from way too many places to list. Plenty of alcohol to go around as well. I like how Saturday had 21 stages located all over downtown, french quarter, and riverfront. The best part is that the entertainment is free! Definitely a good experience and great to bring friends to. If you have young kids or strollers though, stick to the Thursday or Friday .You can walk around and party all day long while enjoying the culture of New Orleans.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/21/2014,162,269,5,16,14>If you're buying fruiting trees in New Orleans, you have a couple of choices. You can buy from a big box store that may or may not know anything about their trees. You can get a graft or a start from a friend. You can drive out to Metairie and tour Ray's back yard. Or you can sprout your satsuma from little seeds you saved from your morning snack. Options. Were I you, I would recommend going to visit Ray. We have a key lime tree just bursting with blooms in our front yard and a fig tree that's thriving in our back yard, both purchased for practically a scream from Ray. As Robert Y mentioned, this is someone's house. The back yard and side yard are totally devoted to fruiting trees. Avocado, citrus, fig, olive...and oh, the varieties! We called ahead to double-check that Ray would be home when we were in the area, and he was really excited to have someone drop by. He warned me that he was packing up all his trees for a show, and I told him what we had in mind. When we arrived, he had the trees we were thinking about waiting in the driveway so we could choose! Of course we peppered him with questions about the size, shape, and general fertility of the trees we wanted. He didn't just tell us; he showed us the answers. It's one thing to just rattle off numbers ("Well, yer key lime will be about 8 feet, but ya can make it behave pretty good with some clippers...") and another entirely to walk around to his lime trees to see an example of the pruning possibilities. And Ray can tell you how his trees weathered hurricanes, which ones need extra attention, and how to wrap them up should we ever have a bad winter. He made triple sure that I had his phone number, which comes with strict directions: "Call me if you have any questions about your trees. Call me before you panic. I'm like CNN--always on, always open." We have actually called twice with questions about our trees, and Ray both remembers us (or fakes it) and gives straight answers. He coached us through pruning a key lime, and he had some good solutions for the pigeons that keep stealing our figs. That expertise comes free with your purchase. Good stuff. Ray is also generous and clever. When we visited, he gave us a whole bag of limes that he and his wife couldn't eat. He loaded us down with stories about how to best care for the trees we had our eyes on. He made jokes with my partner and flattered me just enough. Ray is a savvy guy who also sells trees from his back yard. As if this review wasn't enough to convince you, we walked away with two very healthy 4 year old trees for less than $50. Not each. Total. When the Home Depot can beat that, let me know. Accessibility notes: paved driveway. Grassy back yard.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,6/20/2014,107,129,3,8,5>I don't know how it happened that I haven't reviewed this place yet. Okay, this has been by go to location for tires and alignment for one car and all my work on the other after Saturn closed their dealership. Everyone here is friendly, helpful, remembers me, and very good at explaining car talk in English. In my last trip over my car died and Jack waited for me to get there so we could roll it off the wrecker abd onto a lift. Fortunately he didn't wait long, but he waited and that's what's important.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/19/2014,30,146,4,11,7>Never met a Sno-Ball I didn't like! I guess I say that about a lot of things? Burgers, po-boys, cupcakes...but I digress. Back to the Sno-Ball! Sal's is open late night, until 10:30, so it is the perfect stop after...the perfect stop after wherever you are coming from. After a round of mini golf at City Putt, it was off to Sal's to get our Sno-Ball fix. Plenty of sizes to choose from that range from $1 up to $2. I go with the $1.70. It's the perfect size really, not too big, not too small, just right!An assortment of flavors to choose from. I go with a berry. This time it was Raspberry. Delicious! If a Sno-Ball is not your thing, they serve shakes and soft serve as well. There are 2 windows so the lines move quickly enough. The young teenage workers are really friendly. I was surprised to find so many people out on a Thursday night enjoying Sal's. Sit on a tree stump, people watch, and enjoy a summer tradition. All Hail the Mighty Sno-Ball!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,6/18/2014,137,178,,9,5>Love love love love love this place. I've been meaning to try it for a seriously long time and the perfect opportunity presented itself tonight. My friend L and I wanted to do something but didn't know what. We did know that we wanted drinks and food, so we searched for late night bites and Delachaise came up in the search. It was about 11 pm so we checked to make sure the kitchen was still open and then we were on our way.I was half expecting a wait but the late night thing played out in our favor. There was no wait, we ordered our bottle of wine and 3 items from the food menu and went to sit down. We were sipping on the Riesling and talking and before we knew it, our food was brought to our table.First, the mussels. Oh the mussels. What a great sauce! We dipped the fries AND the bread that came with in the sauce and it wasn't enough so we started using the bread from another dish. L wanted a little more of a kick so we asked for hot sauce and we were presented with some Thai chili sauce that the chef/cook who brought our food out went back and whipped out.Second, the shrimp clemenceau. Also very good. I knew it was in a curry sauce but the thickness of it still surprised me somewhat when I was fishing for the potatoes and peas in the sauce.Lastly, the flank steak bruchettas. These are not bruchettas. They are sandwich size. I love flank steak so I was looking forward to these but the marinade was very mild, especially compared to the two other dishes that were very flavorful.Absolutely loved my experience and I will definitely be back.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,6/17/2014,160,232,5,13,6>The name Cajun Persuasion evokes thoughts of traditional gumbo, jambalaya, fish, etouffee,  shrimp stews, etc.  You won't find that here. What you will find is a variety of Po-Boys, meat pies, and fried side items.  According to the people that I heard comment while I was in there, their take on that food is great.  However, that is not the star of this show. The real star at Cajun Persuasion is the Vietnamese food. It is outstanding.  I say "outstanding" with great conviction.  When we walked in, I noticed how small the place was and how odd the decor was.  It evokes "dive".  It is a quirky mash up of LSU, Saints, and the traditional glittery scenery prints that are present in most Asian themed restaurants.  The table cloths are garish. I almost walked out. But then, I smelled it. Something delicious wafted out of the kitchen when the server opened the door.  I planted myself in the booth, and cracked the menu.We settled on a rice dish, some Vietnamese eggrolls, and a soup.  Everything was just divine.  I would easily give the flavor of the food five stars.  The presentation is simple but pleasant.  The server was very nice and encouraged us to try all the various sauces on the table in addition to the ones that she brought out. She mentioned that the sauces (and food) are all made in house.  It shows. They are just plain delicious. I wasn't a big fan of the server wearing a uniform from the nail place next door, and the tea was not good. There were still price labels from Walmart on the bottom of my glass which meant it had obviously not been washed very well. (They are the exact glasses I have at home) There was quite a bit of staff traffic running between the restaurant and the nail place. I found this somewhat disturbing, as I wondered what they were doing and where they were going. Over all, I would like to award 5 for food and 3 for atmosphere and 3.5 for service.   I will be back and I hope they are able to assign dedicated staff to the restaurant to create a more cohesive dining experience.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,6/16/2014,23,436,2,11,6>I'm not particularly needy in the vegetarian/vegan/raw food area but give me good ingredients & flavor and I'm happy.  Seed opened in early April and seems to be doing a nice business from the beginning: the space is understated & nice and the food is good, plus the location will end up being perfect.  There are a bunch of film industry folks working a block away that I'm confident will flock here for lunch.  And it's only a block from St. Charles Ave. so anybody can easily take the streetcar and walk down - or driving is also easy because there's typically plenty of parking in the neighborhood.  Did I mention they're open 7 days a week for lunch & dinner plus brunch on weekends?You don't have to eat healthy - there's a fried tofu "nugget" appetizer in addition to gumbo, chili "cheese" fries and even a couple po-boys (fried eggplant and fried tofu I believe) as well as a bread pudding dessert that's awesome.  That being said, everything in house is vegan and there are a ton of healthy options on the menu such as virtually any salad you want and tons of unique menu items that are both "raw" and cooked.  "Noodles" made from vegetables for Pad Thai or spaghetti dishes?  Nice.  Kale & Mango Salad?  Wow!  Eggplant Po-Boy?  The eggplant is sliced a bit thin for my preference but they use Leidenheimer bread and include a great sauce and the flavors are excellent.  Most everything on the menu appears very well done.It's a large food menu, and they've got a full liquor license set up from opening so you can have a good cocktail or a tasty glass of wine with your meal (the wines are limited but solid).  For some reason you always have to ask for the wine & cocktail list but at least they have one.  As for pricing, it's a bit high for the food - and especially for their juices of all things - but they certainly have more overhead to cover than a neighborhood dive so I'm okay with it and decent crowds suggest a good number of others are too.For those living or working in the neighborhood it will be easy to end up at Seed once or twice a month - and that's for people who aren't even vegetarian.  For those who abide by vegan or raw dietary rules it may be more often - I've seen a number of vegan/raw restaurants in Chicago and Portland when living there, and Seed compares to just about anything I've run across.  Bravo!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,6/15/2014,142,98,6,11,7>I had to transfer the title of my car from out of state to Louisiana, Sal and Danielle made the process entirely painless and incredibly quick. Danielle, especially, was super helpful, explaining everything I needed to know about the process and what she was doing and filing for me. I had already planned on using their services as they're in my neighborhood but a notice to Yelpers - they have a 15$ off coupon for title transfers redeemable upon checking in here. Which helps!I'll definitely be using these guys for all of my notary service needs.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,6/14/2014,34,86,3,9,5>I finally made time to check out this place after reading so many rave reviews.  Que  Rico Cuban did not disappoint.  The outside is not spectacular, but the food and service is excellent.  When you walk in you can either dine in or get your food to-go.  I opted to get my food to-go. The sounds of spanish music was playing while I waited for my food. I ordered the Tamal which was topped with pork and mojo sauce.  This was my first time trying a tamal and it was delicious and flavorful.  My entrée was the  palomilla steak which was seasoned to perfection and topped with sautéed onions. The entrée comes with black beans and rice and plantains the combination of the beans and rice with the plantains is indescribable but it was really tasty.  The person who took my order was friendly and very helpful with the menu.  I recommend trying Que Rico Cuban I will most definitely return.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,10/11/2011,56,189,3,9,4>Yummmmy! The boy and I had an impromptu dinner at The Company Burger tonight. Having read the other Yelp reviews, I was nervous that we were in for quite the wait, but that wasn't the case. At 7 o'clock on a Thursday night we barely waited two minutes in line and then five minutes for our food. All of the tables were filled when we arrived, but the turnover was pretty quick and we had a seat when we got our food. It seems that whatever kinks were experienced during the grand opening week have been worked out.We both had The Company Burger-- two patties, bread and butter pickles, American cheese, and red onions ($8.50) and we each had a side order of The Company Fries ($2.00). The boy had a draft beer (14oz. for $5.00) and I had a bottle of Coke ($3.00). I'll do that math for you--dinner for two cost us just under $30.The Company Burger is TASTEY. The patties are thin, but flavorful and juicy. No, you're not asked how you would like your burger cooked, but in my opinion the burger was cooked to perfection so your input isn't needed. The meat is fresh ground, in-house daily and the place only uses natural, antibiotic and hormone-free beef. The burger wasn't the biggest that I've ever had, but it was definitely filling. The fresh cut fries were DELICIOUS and are definitely some of the best fries that I've ever had. I thought that the portion of fries was just right and the price was reasonable. I can't not mention the bun. I don't know what it is about it that makes it so special, but it might just be the best burger bun that I've ever had the pleasure of eating.If I was able to, I would give The Company Burger 4.5 stars. I think the food is definitely of the 5-star caliber, but the prices for some things are a bit outrageous (for example, $3 for a bottle of Mexican Coke is a bit much when it costs less than $2 at all of the other local places that sell it).I'm definitely looking forward to another meal at The Company Burger, but the cost may prevent me from coming back as often as I would like.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,10/10/2011,213,82,3,5,4>I ventured in for the second time tonight and the food was great!  I find the menu items to be kind of creative and very delicious.  What really got my attention, this go around, was my martini.  I got a classic and it tasted just right with two nice big olives.I got started with the charbroiled oysters which had just the right flavor and charbroiled taste to complete the flavors.  The oysters come in a cream sauce and they are pretty big.The first time I went, my main course was a scrumptious fish dish, and tonight I switched gears to a steak dinner with a side of Jambalaya and a sauteed veggies.  Good steak and even better Jambalaya!  Even the veggies knocked my socks off.The one thing that kind of concerned me was it took a while for the hostess to seat the group in front of me, but it wasn't a deal breaker at all.  The location (right off Bourbon Street) is great for entertaining folks from out of town, so I say it's a winner.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,10/9/2011,225,347,7,9,11>I arrived early for a Yelp event and sat at the bar with Alex. He was quite kind and recommended the Poire Violette (Violet Pear Martini). It was reminiscent of my childhood fave candy, Tart-n-tini. It is their signature drink, made of Absolut Pears, Triple Sec, Apple Pucker, Creme de Violette & fresh squeezed lemon. Yum!This bar has swagger! The velvety bar stools are stylish & comfy. The background music is upbeat & makes you feel like you're on a mini-vacay. They have 3 flat screen tv's in the bar area, which help to detract from the minimal crowd. But... This spot has only been open since Nov 2010, so the clientele is just building. Because this is such a wonderful location & cool bar, it will surely succeed! I'll be back for sure.My only negative comment: PLEASE chill your martini glasses prior to serving!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,10/8/2011,58,144,1,9,8>I can't believe I've lived in New Orleans for eight months and haven't been to Dante's Kitchen until now.Wow, one of the best meals I've had in New Orleans so far. I seriously thought about going back the very next day to try brunch.We started with the scallops and mussels.  Both were excellent.  The  scallops were accompanied by a nice local grapefruit and fennel salad.  The mussels were in a tomato-based broth which is a nice change to the usual white wine broth I've had around here.I ordered the duck for my entree.  It was perfect; medium rare with a delicious habanero sauce--very surprising.  My partner got the filet trio and, holy hell, it was amazing.  I had a bite of the stilton version and it was a great piece of meat. Extremely tender.For dessert, he had the cheese cake.  This ricotta version is much lighter in texture and less rich than typical cheesecake.  A nice summer dessert. I had a fabulous vodka martini with a twist.  I watched the bartender make it.  You could tell the bartender takes his job very seriously.The service was awesome.  When I made the reservation I did request to sit outside but we ended up inside.  That's OK, we still had an amazing meal.  I will be back (soon!).
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,10/7/2011,211,183,3,6,6>When I am not listening to WWNO, I am listening to BBC news, or sometimes the Democracy Now program, either on line or on TUL.  But most times, I have WWNO on the radio, which is usually on my cell phone.  I coordinate bike rides and other activities that I can do with head phones on so I can enjoy all my favourite programs, such as All Things Considered(4PM) , The World (3PM), and Morning edition week days AND weekends, This American Life (on the weekends, which THIS weekend was great!), and le show, which is done by The  SImpsons voice guy who lives in New Orleans.If there is something that I am not especially fond of, I look for alternative programming, rather than go to a commercial station, or forbid, television.  I have been listing to WWNO and have been a member for YEARS.  Their on air staff is not abrasive or poor spoken like other stations.   I enjoy the depth of their stories and they make me think about what is being reported and being offered, weather it be information, an opinion, or a multi part, in depth story with regard ti a particular issue or current event.WWNO is where I leaned about Story Corp. which I have participated on two separate occasions, and it has enriched my life and that  of my families.   I also make a point of patronizing the sponsors  of WWNO such as Eat, Mat and Naddies, the Crescent City Farmers Market, among others.  Oh, Youngs' Cleaners, but that turned out poorly for me, at least I tried to give them my business. I think the more recent programmes such as Louisiana Eats and The Reading Life have added to my listening experience.   One show that I have not heard in this market (but was on an NPR affiliate in SD) was a programme on words and the origin of words and sayings, the title of it  escapes me, but if it was to be picked up by WWNO, it would be a great addition.   I would like to think New Orleans as a literary and a "thinking" persons city, but as we know, that is NOT always the case.  Listening to WWNO makes me feel a little wiser, more informed, unlike if I watch something incredible stupid on TV, which would make me feel dumb (i.e. Houswives of any location).I do agree with Jen that WAIT WAIT  is some what obsessionable (if that is a word) it IS a lot of fun to listen to.  I can only imagine what the host looks like, as his voice is a DEAD giveaway to his orientation. It always seems like they are having a good time.Having the past 4 days off has given me a lot of time to listen to WWNO and enjoy this excellent and incredibly worth while station.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,10/6/2011,161,1547,9,8,7>This is one of these events that I can believe I haven't reviewed.  I am NOT a bar professional but do love a good drink, especially when it's free! The tasting rooms are amazing and introduce you to a world of liquor or liqueur that I never knew existed.  I've taken vacation days the last two years to attend the weekday events.  There are also book signings, a gift shop, lectures, and a whole lotta schmoozing.I still think my all time favorite tasting room was the Old New Orleans Rum mojito bar at 10 one morning.  There was fruit so that counts as breakfast, right?
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,10/5/2011,894,496,1,11,7>This is one of the best vietnamese restaurants in the city! They have the absolute best service of any vietnamese restaurant. David does a wonderful job of keeping and training his staff to be quick, polite, and helpful. I come here often because everything is so fresh here and the Pho is just about perfect. I usually get Pho but some of the other items I've tried have all been really great too: Chicken wings w/ butter, Orchid fried rice (combination fried rice), Vermicelli w/ egg rolls, and this sliced beef w/ nuoc mam sauce (aka DB4).It gets really loud and is very busy during lunch so come for dinner if noise and crowds bother you.Pho Orchid is definitely worth a trip out to Metairie if you're wanting excellent vietnamese cuisine.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,10/4/2011,147,473,,6,5>Sitting on the Porch of a Historic Mansion, sipping a Mint Julep or Pimm's Cup while watching the streetcar roll leisurely down St. Charles Avenue is an experience that can put you up in the clouds. Where might you be able to do this? The Columns of course!Now go do it.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,10/3/2011,160,294,4,9,5>Three things you need to know:(1) The oven has a passport hailing from Naples and being only 1 of 20 stateside.(2) The dough takes three days to prep so when they're out, they're out.  As such I'm not looking forward to the day when some big budget movie rolls into town, hears about this Freret pizza mecca and orders up the inventory for the day because Brad Pitt or whoever and 300 of his closest friends want a slice.and (3) They have Racer 5 on tap.This is pretty much all you need to know.  It's an experience you will want to repeat.  Okay, four things.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,10/2/2011,154,280,5,9,4>I cannot believe I haven't written a review about this place considering my first yelp pic is of me sitting on one of their stoops in the courtyard. This is quite possibly the quianit-iest little hotel you can possibly stay in when you are in New Orleans. I grew up in Baton Rouge so I've spent many a drunken night checking in here instead of driving the hour back home. I feel pretty safe here with the buzz-in front door etc. The rooms are small but themed and colorful.  They keep them fairly clean as well but those cleaners LOVE to talk while they work, you can hear them hollering about something or other clear across the courtyard. At first I was super hungover and annoyed but after a few stays I learned to tune them out and now it just adds to the flavor. Location, Location, Location!! Tourist-wise, I always send my friends here first because I'd much rather meet them on Frenchmen St than Bourbon. Eventually we usually must make it to Bourbon, but I feel like the best flavor of New Orleans, the overall coverage of "something for everyone" is right there on Frenchman St. So when you stay here you can just pop out your door through the heavy, wrought iron gate (that, very safely, only opens from the inside) and you are right there in the midst of all the goodness. The concierges are extremely helpful and friendly, and seem to almost always find us a room. Once we had an electric malfunction in one room and it was late so they didn't have a guy on hand to fix it. They just moved us into another room which happened to be bigger and had a lovely balcony! The only weird complaint I have about this place is that one of the rooms we stayed in once had this strange goo on the floor. Not when we checked in, it would form overnight. At first I thought maybe it was condensation? But when we ran our fingers over it, it was kind of thick and smelled funny, not like floor cleaner funny either. It ate my boots! I know, that sounds completely insane but we thought we wiped it all up with the towels, but must have forgotten to pick up my knee high brown leather boots. I noticed as we were packing up that they were wet and did my best to clean them off. By the time we got home they were puckered and almost melted beyond repair! It is such a crazy thing that I never bothered to mention it to them, I just avoided that room any other times I stayed. The lighting, the ambience, the art, the location, and the employees (yes and even the mysterious goo) make this hotel really feel like a true New Orleans experience every time you stay.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,8/22/2014,284,730,3,8,6>I'm happy to tell anyone about my rescue dog, Lola. She is a sweet, demure older poochie that needed large amounts of TLC. This translates to vaccinations to lead to a diagnosis of heartworm, an ear infection and fleas that wouldn't quit.The Southern Animal Foundation Clinic works with everyone to make sure you can keep your pet happy and healthy. The place is spotless, and unlike people doctors, you're not kept waiting an indeterminable amount of time. They will give you estimates of more expensive procedures and medications and any alternatives for keeping your pet at her best.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/21/2014,93,281,4,13,10>Coté Sud is a dainty neighborhood restaurant located in East Carrollton. This is part of New Orleans that I have only lived in for the past sixteen months. And quite by accident I have become aware of this gem in my back yard.It is French. It feels French. The artwork and the music most of the time is French. The staff is French. The food is French. I love it. We started off at a great table by the front window. It is right under the speaker but the music was great if not a bit loud for the location of the table. The Kir Royale and the Kir Pêche were prepared nicely. My wife was concerned about the Kir Pêche being too sweet but it was just right for my taste.Since service has been addressed in other reviews it must be stated that the restaurant is small and it does fill up with diners. The wait staff appears to be two people. This is not the place to go to expecting to sit, order, eat, and leave. Rose and Ariel were great and both ladies took care of us. We are so looking forward to our next dining experience at this elegant place.As for the food the Oysters baked in a blue cheese butter sauce are excellent. Felt like I should have order two appetizers on this one. One of the best selections on the menu and a must order upon a return. The Mussels baked in garlic, parsley, and butter were a close second. The Chef knows what he is doing and he does it well.The one disappointment and this is minor and does not distract from my rating was the Soup de Jour. It was a Corn and Crab Meat soup and did not rise to my expectations. Too much corn and not enough crab meat. Made me want to go back and try the Onion soup next time.My wife went with the intentions of trying out their pizza. She has heard nothing but good things about their pizza. She ordered the Napolitana. She enjoyed it thoroughly and their small pizza is not small. Be prepared to take some home. Had some the next day at home and it was delicious. My mind was all French and so pizza was not on my list of things to enjoy.The Filet de Porc Dijonnaise met all my expectations of what I expected from a Chef who produces delicacies in his or her kitchen. This selection had my taste buds dance up, down, and all over my happy tongue. I requested the meat to be cooked medium and it was perfect. The dish is served with steamed carrots, haricots vert and their pommes frites. The sides without the meat were a pleasure to consume. The veal was so good that I started to cut the pieces on my plate into smaller pieces of meat to make it all last longer. Being a gentleman I did offer my wife a small cut of the veal for her own enjoyment. She did love it too but that one offer was all she was to receive that night. The wine selected was a Domaine Raymond Usseglio Châteauneuf-du-Pape 2009. The type of wine that is very good with or without food. And it went so well with our selections even my wife's pizza. The wine list is impressive and the cost for most is reasonable for a restaurant. That is a big plus here and made me particularly happy. Let me not forget the bread that is placed on the table. Just too good and it takes a bit of will power not to munch too much on this bread. You know you desire to save room for all that is going to come.Desserts for us had to be for another visit. Very good coffee to finish a fantastic meal and we left happy thinking about a return visit.Parking was easy on the street. This is a no credit card business but they will accept your personal check with no problem. So if you do not wish to carry cash out at night just bring a check. This place has my Seal of Approval!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,8/20/2014,78,192,3,5,4>One of the best events in NOLA. What is better than paying $35 for a tshirt, some mustache tattoos, other trinkets, and almost all the free beer you can guzzle. Make sure to get out there right when the event starts (around 1 pm) so you can learn the dances! Always a great time.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,8/19/2014,198,228,1,6,4>Another hotspot in New Orleans that I have made a return on is Dat Dog, a sausage joint with drinks and the biggest variety of sausages you'll ever find.  They serve alligator, andouille, crawfish, and even duck!  One of the first people I met here recommended me their bacon cheddar ranch fries - which are heavenly, but deadly.  But I will recommend it to ya'll, for the sake of your (un)health.Dat Dog lets you create your own, or you can "chef" it and let them create a dog for you.  Their condiments are endless, and the combinations are even more so.  I am a duck-lover, so on my first visit, I had the Duck Sausage, but was a little disappointed. (It didn't taste like duck one bit and was textureless).  I've been waiting the crawfish dog to be in season, but smoked sausage isn't too bad either.The ambience is full of bright colors and is the perfect hangout for anyone and everyone! (Except the bar, of course)  The Uptown location is spacious, with both indoor and outdoor seating - complete with TVs, if that's your kind of thing while you grab a drink...
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,8/18/2014,6,78,2,8,5>An absolute GEM! I've eaten here easily a half dozen times, for both lunch and dinner, and every single visit has been outstanding. The selection of drinks is fantastic -- a mixture of delicious cocktails made with fresh fruits and beers imported from central and south america. The sangria is particularly good, fruity with a little zest and not overly sweet.  The lunch menu is a nice mix of tapas, burritos, tacos, and arepas. I think the tacos may be the only thing on the lunch menu i wasn't blown away by --- theyre a bit small and not up to par with the rest of the menu. However, the arepas are AMAZING!! The pork belly arepa.... sigh. I wish i was eating one right now. The pork melts in your mouth!! As for the dinner menu, GET THE OYSTER TAPA!  Fantastic. Also delicious are the steak skewers, the plantains, and the jerk chicken. I've always had super attentive, pleasant service at Baru, with very knowledgeable servers. And, of course, on those warm NOLA days, its lovely to grab a table outside and watch life go by on Magazine Street.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,8/17/2014,181,479,6,9,7>I am adding a star to my previous review and here is why:I have been enjoying stopping here on my way to work for some fast fresh food. I have been ordering the small Tofu Bun (Vermicelli Bowl). For a $10 bill I can get the perfect amount of food, plus a little cash left over for the tip jar. Last visit I was in and out in 15 minutes. Perfect for me!They have recently started a Spring Roll Happy Hour between 2 and 5pm you can get anything from the spring roll menu for $3. Nice!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,8/16/2014,180,463,5,12,8>Since it's been 4 years since I last reviewed the place, it's time to update my review. I love this place even more now with some of its great changes. The initial process is still the same: walk in, pick out your bottles of wine, and they will uncork it and give you glasses for your wine that you can then take outside and sit in their backyard. But now you have the additional option of going upstairs to sit. The upstairs has quite a few great features: less bugs than sitting in the back yard. They keep the windows open so you can look out the window and see the Mississippi, or at least the tops of the ships. They also have a full cocktail bar upstairs. They have also installed a permanent kitchen, so their menu is more set and consistent, and less on the whim of the invited chef. The sea salt chocolate is always a favorite. The only downside is lack of music because of complainy pant neighbors. Even without the music, its still a lively and fun place to go.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,8/15/2014,21,33,3,8,5>Oh Chart Room. How much do I love thee?  You stole my heart in ways I didn't even know were possible.  You and your cheap beer, a jukebox with soul, and bartenders that love me more than I love myself.  You are everything Bourbon Street isn't. You don't mind some tourists, but your heart will forever favor the locals. This is the kind of place where you meet up with old friends and make new ones along the way.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,8/14/2014,42,10,5,10,9>The Rusty Nail is my go-to neighborhood bar.  The staff is friendly (what's up, Lee!?), the scotch selection is great, and the patio is amazing.  It also doesn't hurt that it is walking distance from my apartment...I have taken my parents, coworkers, and out-of-town friends here, and everyone has enjoyed themselves.  The patio is key for nice warm NOLA evenings!  And, you can bet the televisions are playing the relevant sporting events of the day...  The crowd is chill but diverse:  I can come in dressed up or down and yet not feel out of place.  And a food truck parked outside!?!All in all:  solid.  Rusty nail, don't ever change.PS-  the Movember mustache competition is some of the best fun I have had in New Orleans to date.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,8/13/2014,229,100,1,5,5>I can't tell you about their menu because it's ever changing. The only two things I know that haven't gone away are the chicken leg quarter and goat tacos. Definitely palate pleasing place !I haven't gotten anything that disappoints and they're open until 12AM six days a week ! The drinks are on point as well. Don't be weary. Just give em a try and I'm sure your belly will thank you.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,5/12/2012,54,33,,6,3>This is my new favorite lunch spot! I use to love going to Caffe Caffe when I was in the Metairie area for lunch, but once I tried Martin Wine Cellar it's ten times better with fresher quality items! My favorite has to be the Sena Salad, it includes spring mix, raisins, walnuts, chicken, blue cheese, and a balsamic citrus vignette. It's everything I like in a salad and the portion is very large. The egg salad here is way better than Caffe Caffe. Good luck coming during lunch time though, it's very packed which means you know it's good!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,5/11/2012,149,30,8,9,10>Lord, I have been here a few times, and I can't believe I've never reviewed my meals. Boucherie is AMAZING. If you love food, you need to go there ASAP!Things I have eaten at Boucherie: Lunch:Beef Brisket with Parmesan Fries -  So good, I almost flew to D.C. to slap my mother.Roast Beef Po-Boy - incredible. They were sweet enough to hold the horseradish cream for me. Blackened Shrimp and Grit Cake with Bacon(!!!) Vinaigrette. - Wow. Seriously, this should be an entree.Supper:Duck Breast with charred Brussels Sprouts and Pancetta. - Good lord, the flavors in this one were to die for.Smoked Beef Brisket - I can't get enough of that brisket. I'd run over my grandmother in cleats for the recipe. ...no really.My only bone to pick is that every time I've gone they were out of the Krispy Kreme bread pudding. As a result, it has become my Holy Grail. Until then, I've only had the bacon brownie a la mode to dry my tears.One day your time will come, Krispy Kreme bread pudding! Oh yes...one day.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,5/10/2012,58,365,4,8,5>I don't know who loves canine connection more....my dog or me!My baby boy starts getting excited as we turn on to Tchop from Napoleon. He just knows! The staff is always so kind and wonderful and seem to really love him too. The downtown location is equally fabulous and at times more convenient as there is often space available for doggy daycare at that location when the Tchop location is full. Also it's more convenient for me from work. I really couldn't love canine connection more!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,5/9/2012,52,98,2,6,3>Molecular gastronomy comes to NOLA in the form of this sleek, sophisticated and friendly "Modern American" restaurant in the Warehouse District, brought to us by the talented and precocious chef/owner Phillip Lopez. The food can definitely be a little conceptual, with deconstructed American standards containing emulsions, foams, aspics and other odd preparations. If you are looking for standard dinner fare, you won't find it here. If, however, you are fan of the El Bulli documentary, and you want a taste of truly contemporary culinary techniques, Root is pretty much the only game in town.I've tried the Ménage à Foie ($18), a trio of inspired iterations of foie gras. There was a stunning foie gras "pastrami" (done with a unique and painstaking smoking and curing process) with caramelized onions, a foie gras infused PB&J, and the piece de resistance: a foie gras "lollipop" encrusted with watermelon pop rocks, and covered with foie gras cotton candy. Sounds completely crazy and overworked, but everything was actually really good. Two-thirds of the trio (the lollipop and the PB&J) would not be very good in large quantities, but in little "amuse bouche" bites they worked well enough. I also had the Smoked Cornmeal Encrusted Louisiana Oysters ($13), which contained THE. BEST. FRIED. OYSTERS. I. HAVE. EVER. EATEN. No exaggeration. Completely delicious. The andouille spoonbread component was also delicious. The whole dish was a feast for the senses. The Lobster Lasagna ($16) was also a winner. It bears mention that most of the plates are fairly small, not giant entree size. The portions are slightly larger than a standard tapas size, which for me is great, but may be a turn-off if you're looking for a big feast. For dessert, the Meyer Lemon Trio ($8) was awesome, and so was the Yorkie ($8). I've also tried the Ginger Root cocktail ($12), and man it was worth all twelve of those dollars.While molecular gastronomy is not really my thing, and I tend to prefer more classical, heartier fare, Root is doing it right. The food is good and always satisfying, even when it is conceptual and bizarre and incredibly fussy. The place is friendly, with bar seating and a casual atmosphere, and the chef/owner and manager/co-owner are very accessible...what more could you want?
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,5/8/2012,53,79,3,4,4>Airboats scare the crap out of me. I don't trust that they'll turn in time, I'm afraid they're going to flip over or that some how I'm going to get sucked into the fan or that it will suck some moss up and burst in to flames or something. Don't ask me why. That being said, I had some out of town visitors who wanted to see some gators, so thanks to some connections I have we ended up at Airboat Adventures. We had the pleasure of having Captain Chip as our pilot, and he was fantastic. He's in his late 20's and actually lives in the area so he knows his swamp trivia. He's got the best kind of accent, too- enough to be authentic, but not so heavy you can't understand him. He cracked jokes, stopped anywhere some one asked him, and this guy knows more about the history of the area than you'd ever guess. We saw a ton of gators and other wildlife, and the awesome weather was just a bonus.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,5/7/2012,157,66,2,12,3>This is the place to cure a hangover. Well, one of them...All you people can go gaga over the praline bacon if you want to. I'm not knocking it. It's okay. It's just that I prefer my meats salty rather than sweet. I probably go to Elizabeth's every single weekend for brunch. Sometimes Saturday. Sometimes Sunday. A couple of times on a weekday right after work (I work the graveyard shift). I've never eaten dinner here, so if you're looking for that review, look somewhere else.There there are two things that I think define this place as an AMAZING brunch spot. The first is good eggs. I love perfectly fried eggs, and they never seem to disappoint me. The second is cocktails. You can't have brunch without mimosas. You just can't. It's like a law or something.I suggest buying the bottle of champagne and they will give you the OJ for free. It averages out to be cheaper than a few mimosas. If you want something a little stronger, opt for the morning margarita which will get your day started off strong!I'm a meat eater, so I tend to go for  the steak and eggs or the grillades and grits, with a side of eggs of course. The hollandaise is delicious too!I've tasted the duck waffle. I have to say, I'm not impressed; but the catfish and grits are wonderful.Also, two words: Boudin Balls.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,5/6/2012,196,337,,7,4>I was pretty shocked to find this location in Lakeview, I was beyond excited to try. I was definitely not disappointed. It looks like a little house so make sure to pay attention when looking for this location because you can definitely miss it if not careful.Great service, the waitress was wonderful and helpful and shared some great tips on the menu and had a way of saying "lobster" that made you just want to order one full plate of just that. I went with a Steak quesadilla plate which came with a wonderful rice. It was yummy. The cheese was just right as well as the steak it was filly and not just a small little piece on each slice of quesadilla. You won't go wrong with this choice.For appetizer we went with the Chips and Salsa, let me just say this: I'm beyond particular about my chips and these were great and fresh! The salsa was great and not to spicy which I definitely was excited about.If you order a glass of Sangria, it comes in a huge glass, you definitely get more bang for the buck with this drink decision. Very yummy. I will definitely go back to this place. Great place for intimate dates.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,5/5/2012,58,253,,6,4>Bouligny Tavern had not been on my radar until fairly recently. Went here on NYE for some pre-dinner drinks and snacks before our late evening dinner elsewhere. I really liked the vaguely post-modern/classy early 1960s lounge feel. I had the sage gimlet, which was very refreshing. We ordered some small plates - the parmesan gnocchi and the gouda beignets. Y'all, if you are into crunchy, cheesey, slightly salty small plates, GET THESE. Really tasty.Would definitely visit here again.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,5/4/2012,71,63,6,8,7>Hmm...lunch in Elmwood...let me see, we have Applebees, Copelands, Subway, Wow and maybe a Chinese buffet or two(hence the daily brown bag).  Only two miles outside of New Orleans, and the food options go downhill quick.  Wait, I've got it!  I'll meet my girl by her office in Carrollton where they have, you know, actual restaurants!  It turned out to be one of my better decisions.  I'm not sure who Mat and Naddie are, but I'm glad they decided to set up shop at the end of Feret St.The restaurant is small but it feels much larger once you get inside.  It's a beautiful shotgun house with lots of natural light.  Half the tables are outside on a cool patio/deck, but since it was only 40 degrees, we opted to stay indoors.  To get in, you have to walk into the side yard, up some steps, across the front porch, down a step to the side porch, take a left and then into the side sunroom.  It was such a journey that it felt like breezing through the line for Splash Mountain on a slow day at Disney World.  There should have been little LCD TVs along the way warning that this ride is not for expectant mothers or people with heart conditions.There was only one waitress working the entire dining room, but she did a great job.  She was on top of everything and very nice.  We started off with a dinner roll and cornbread muffin, both excellent.  The Portobello napoleon was killer.  Two Portobello mushroom caps sandwiching spinach, polenta and a fresh tomato slice.  All of this was sitting in the middle of some creamy tomato-y red pepper sauce that left me looking for a chunk of bread to clean my plate with.  I love a full veggie option that does not leave you feeling deprived.  My sides, however, did just that.  The mac and cheese was a little blah and the okra with tomatoes was edible, but slimy coked okra just doesn't seem to be my thing.   The girly went for the fried chicken and was very impressed.  She said it was better than Willie Mae's and I have to agree.  I love WM, but the crust on the chicken is a little too thick for me.  The batter here was lighter with better texture, and the chicken was just as juicy and flavorful.  She also had the mashed potatoes with gravy and the shrimp bisque which were both solid, but the shrimp bisque was missing a crucial ingredient: shrimp.  It had a great taste, but it was more like a broth.  There wasn't a kernel of corn or chunk of seafood to be found.For dessert (Yeah, I eat dessert at lunch.  You got a problem with that?  As long as my pants still fit, I don't either.), we went for the cheesecake and the bread pudding.  They got it half right and cheesecake was clearly the better of the two.  I don't like when cheesecake is so dense that you feel the need to pull out your knife, but this was nowhere near.  It was light and fluffy with a soft crumbly crust with shaved almonds mixed in on the bottom.   Caramel sauce was drizzled over the top and then sprinkled with more almonds.  Not bad for $4.  As for the bread pudding, it came out as a pile of mush in a little bowl with really crusty pieces mixed throughout.  It looked like they scraped out the last bits out of a large pan and sent them out to the table.  The sauce was okay and definitely helped, but it was one of the more disappointing bread puddings I've been served.Not everything was great, but I would definitely go back and try dinner.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,5/3/2012,87,388,3,7,5>We decided that we would go to Brigtsen's to celebrate Valentine's Day, although we went on the Saturday before rather than brave the crowds on the actual day itself.  It's a nice place for a special date.  The restaurant is a converted house with several smaller rooms as the dining areas rather one large room.  The softer lighting and smaller space gives a more personal feel to the evening.  And it is a lot quieter.  We each started with a cup of butternut squash with shrimp bisque.  The piping hot soup came out quickly along with a hot loaf of soft French Bread.  The bisque was awesome and you can get the recipe off their website.  Based on the daily specials, I opted for the stuffed flounder.  The crab meat was the perfect touch.  My wife decided to try the trout Meuniere covered with shrimp and pecans.  The shrimp were large and would have made nice appetizer on their own.  She enjoyed the dish.  We finished the dinner by sharing a piece of the pecan pie.  It lived up to the advance billing.  Not the very best I've had, but up there.  The service is great!  You have a waitress, but they all take care of you.  There, but not hovering over you.  Attentive, but not intrusive.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,12/25/2011,122,39,2,8,5>Juan's has turned into a routine Tuesday Happy Hour stop for me lately. They have pint-sized margaritas for under five bucks until 7pm on weekdays (and I think all day on Sunday?) I've heard some mixed reviews about the table service, but I've always had great service at the bar. They must work on a set schedule, because I had the same bartender every week... except one week he went out of town and broke my little heart. If you're a girl on a budget the kids burrito is definitely adult sized and only $3. They'll even add avocado if you ask nicely :)
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,12/24/2011,154,280,3,24,7>The LA Swift is a bus that goes back and forth between New Orleans and Baton Rouge. It's ingenious to say the least, here's why:-The cost is presently $5 for a one way trip. But you can purchase long term passes at discounts.-There are 2-3 stops each in both BR & NO with a few buses stopping in Sorrento and LaPlace at different times of the day. -You can store your bike in the ample storage space in the side of the bus.-It has a bathroom which is usually clean.-You can take one of many feeder buses to the bus stops if you don't have auto transportation to get you to there.-It's almost always on time, allowing for some traffic.Here's what I personally love about this bus:-Food and drinks are permitted "just not alcohol."-Free Wi-Fi-Flat screen TV's (they're small but it gives you something to focus on)-Giant, CLEAN, comfortable captains chairs with a ton of space to lean back without bothering other passengers.-Large tinted windows-It's rarely crowded, except on weekends.-The schedule is easy to read & understand-I feel safe riding by myself-It stops right by the street car line on both Canal & St CharlesMy family lives in Baton Rouge and my husband and I live in New Orleans. This bus has saved our asses more times than we can count. It also saves us gas money.  It just seems to make the overall trip more relaxing and less long and boring than it usually is. Try it sometime, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,12/23/2011,673,327,10,13,14>As I approach exactly ten years since I moved to New Orleans in August of 2001, I'm finding myself *still* amazed by all there is left to explore right here in the city. Today, I finally, FINALLY took a ride across the river on the Canal Street Ferry, and in comparison to driving over the bridge it was an absolutely delightful experience. Actually, it would've been delightful no matter what, because of the novelty of doing it for the first time, because we happened to pull up slightly less than two minutes before the hour and were able to get on the ferry right away, and because we had a new mixtape CD playing in the car (which was a big part of how we ended up over on the Wank to begin with). It was super fun, and something I'll definitely keep in mind as I further consider defecting to the Wank. It's surprisingly nice over there. I can't figure out our irrational aversion to crossing the river, unless it has to do with the mind boggling clusterf*ck of roads you encounter and drive around in circles on after hitting the ground on the other side of the bridge. Now that I more or less know how to work the ferry -- I took it once! That counts! -- I'm pretty sure I'll be much more reluctant to drive across the bridge. Unless there's something I'm not aware of, like long waits or an inconvenient schedule or whatever, I'm pretty sure the ferry is something I'll start doing a lot. Hopefully next time I'll remember to check in!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,12/22/2011,58,144,2,7,4>Initially, I wasn't going to review this location because my fellow Yelpers have already done a great job, but I HAD to let you all know about one of the best things I've eaten in a while--Agave Shrimp and Crab Claws.Sweet mother, this appetizer was to die for. Normally I read crab claws and I think I'll get 4 or 5 claws, right?  I swear there were like 20 crab claws in this thing and 4 giant shrimp.  The sauce was a flavor I have never tasted before.  It was both sweet and spicy with a fantastic flavor.This dish is enough to bring me back to Gato Negro over and over again.My dining partner and I shared the chicken fajitas and still had left overs.  The fajitas were great, I love that they put mushrooms in them.  They came with really good, fresh-made wheat tortillas.I had a house margarita and it was just as fantastic as the margaritas at the other location.We got there around 6pm on Saturday night and got seated immediately.  Some people had to wait after us, but it appeared turnover was pretty quick.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,12/21/2011,211,183,5,6,4>Came for the Yelp eats menu last night, but will be back on any regular occasion.   I was extremely pleased with last nights meal.  Perfect all the way around and I really like the room, small ish, clean, and just a great atmosphere all the way around.  Husband liked the sports news network on the flat screen.  I can see how that would be distracting, but then, aren't cell phones?  We shared the potato pancakes and salad for apps.  Delicious all the way around.  I like salt, so I had to add more to the pancakes, but so what? It was on the table for that very reason. The Videlia Onion Vinegarette was really nice.   I was happy to eat something raw for a change.The Wolf Martini  was great. Had two. The first one straight up, seconds I had to drink on the rocks.   Husband had a beer that was waaaay out of his league.  He is a Woodchuck Cider guy regularly, but had something else last night.  Then he tries the Wolf Martini and is in love...The yelp eats menu was great I had the Jagerschnitzel and off the menu he had the cheeseburger.  My plate was yum with the spetzel and the red cabbage.  I needed gravy. I got gravy.  It was good gravy.Service was very good-excellent if I can say.  Perfectly timed and coordinated.   Server was on time for everything and all was flawless.  I cannot find anything wrong with this visit, it was just fantastic and a great time for my husband and I.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,12/20/2011,161,1547,5,16,17>Ahh sweet review #700, it's only fitting that I review the spiritual heart of my city for this auspicious occasion.St. Louis Cathedral is one of the most photographed buildings in New Orleans (along with the Bourbon Street sign) which is sort of perfect as it shows the dichotomy of our city.  We know how to have a party and yet we know the importance of spirituality (and repentance).  Whenever I'm in the area, I stop in for a moment or two and offer a prayer to my two very Roman Catholic grandmothers and light candles in their honor.  My Granny was convinced that a candle at the cathedral carried more weight than a candle from another church.The church is a beautiful example of early architecture and it definitely deserves a tour and a donation!  But remember it is still a functioning church, so if you are visiting be respectful of those who are there to pray.  Check out the gift shop while you're there.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,12/19/2011,894,496,5,17,19>1. Unique 2. Historical 3. Romantic = JACKPOT!New Orleans is divided into 72 different neighborhoods. Of those neighborhoods only one has really captured my heart in so many ways. The Vieux Carre (French Quarter) is, by far, my favorite neighborhood. We spend a lot of time together and I really can't live too happily without her.Resembling the Place des Vosges in Paris, Jackson Square is the heart of the French Quarter. It really is the spot in the Quarter that keeps this area alive. Bourbon Street may get the crowds but without Jackson Square this historic neighborhood would definitely not be the same. Jackson Square is a unique, historical, and memorable spot in the city. It is unique in that it is a park surrounded by a cathedral, shops, apartments, and restaurants. It is also known for all the street performers, musicians, and artists that set up shop there.Historically it was originally designed as a military parade ground. The three main buildings that surround Jackson Square all are historic landmarks: The St Louis Cathedral, the Presbytere, and the Cabildo.Lastly, there is not a more romantic spot than Jackson Square. The picturesque setting, the carriages, the weddings at the cathedral all contribute to the romance found here. There is no other place in the US quite like the French Quarter. Come here and experience a different way of life. I write this review today in honor of one of New Orleans iconic figures: Archbishop Philip Hannah. What a great man he was!! He led the Archdiocese of New Orleans for over two decades and today the St. Louis Cathedral is where Archbishop Hannah will be laid to rest. Jackson Square will be filled today with loving admirers witnessing a very memorable day today.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,12/18/2011,160,294,2,9,7>Another notch in the commercial belt of Freret presents us with a bike shop, or as the sign hanging streetside plainly indicates "The Bike Shop."  And man, is this a welcome addition.  As I ride my bike in half of my travels and this business is literally located between my house and my work, the location couldn't be better (for me).  Considering the next few nearest bike businesses are on Magazine St or S Carrollton (or yikes, even Jefferson Hwy), Freret really needed something to breakup the boom of restaurants.Apparently the shop here is a reincarnation of what was once Ram's Bikes on Magazine by Henry's Bar.  As I never went in there, this is all verbal from other bike peeps.My experience this week: I had a flat.  I was quoted $10 not to repair but to replace.  Even better.  I dropped off my Sun Cruiser to return 20 minutes later, and it was done.  They even tightened my chain.So clearly they do repairs, and they do resale.  Not sure if they sell new models, but my guess is yes but less so as I have seen some big presumably holding to-be-assembled-bikes boxes going inside.Next time you need some bike love, go here.  I think their hours are Mon-Sat 11-6, not sure if they have a phone.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,12/17/2011,201,188,5,7,3>I had REALLY high expectations for Milk Bar and boy were they met!  Totally and completely AMAZEBALLS!! -Sighs- I would really love another sandwich and shake right about now...and I just had it a few hours ago!  Milk Bar is located right by the Touro hospital on Prytania and like many other places around the area, it is street parking.  My advice would be to get there before 12 pm before the lunch rush comes in.  My friend and I came in around 11:30 and no one was there, but as we started eating, the restaurant started to really fill up!  Oh boy were we glad to come early and have found parking because this home girl cannot parallel park for crap.  Yes...sad but true.  I completely fulfill the Asian stereotype of not being able to drive...SIKE!  That's the only area I'm lacking in.  BUT ANYWAYS!  Getting off track.  Milk Bar is particularly small as you can see from other pictures, so make sure you come early!  Now on to the food:I got the Thai Chili Chicken poboy suggested by Le Thu and boy was it good!  Thanks for the heads up!  It comes with chicken, mozzarella, onions, tomatoes, a chili sauce, and sour cream.  MMHMM!  This sandwich was oozing with FLAVAAAA!  It was incredible!  I really hope the other sandwiches can live up to my expectations after having this sandwich.  My friend got the much talked about Psycho Chicken, which came with chicken, mozzarella, sundried tomatoes, calamata olives, pesto sauce, red onions, and red peppers.  The sandwich was good, but tasted bland in comparison to the Thai Chili Chicken.  It just didn't have the flavor I was looking for.  And of course, we got a milk shake!  A strawberry fields milkshake to be exact!  And OMG it was literally TO DIE FOR!  Their milkshakes add to the wonderness of the meal, instead of taking away from it like so many other heavy milk shakes.  It was light, refreshing, and will have you running back for more!  If you like milkshakes from Stanley, the milkshakes here will definitely satisfy you.  I'm seriously itching to try the banana milkshake.What a successful lunch date!  Milk Bar is affordable and delicious, so what's not to love?  This just might be my new favorite lunch/sandwich spot!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,12/16/2011,17,91,4,3,3>The esthetician made what could be a very uncomfortable situation, comfortable!! It was quick & their information on their web page gave great info (such as taking some Tylenol before hand) but a relatively quick - less painless process.They also have some cute cloths there as well!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,7/3/2013,42,66,,7,3>I brought my wife here for her birthday and I'm so glad I did. I wanted to bring her somewhere that was as New Orleans (specifically Uptown) as it got and not be a tourist trap like most restaurants downtown. The scenery was very intimate as we sat outside in the patio area underneath a starlit sky. The only light was our candlelight and the lights that lit up the garden surrounding us. I'm all about ambiance and this place has it. Our server was very helpful from the moment we sat down to the moment I paid the check. She was eager to please and very knowledgeable about the menu. I'm big on that. If you know your menu like the back of your hand, you'll know how to upsell and, in turn, you'll know how to make your patrons happy.We started out with a bottle of nice riesling and their escargot appetizer. The marrow bones came with a bordelaise sauce that complimented it so well. I made sure to keep the leftover bones for my dogs which they absolutely loved. Next up for our entrees, I had their famous Chicken Under a Brick which consisted of a maple glazed chicken with a potato and bacon hash cake and topped with a fried farm egg. It was absolutely heavenly. My wife had the Roasted Duck Breast which comes in a panang red curry sauce and served with herbed fried rice and a mirliton-sesame slaw.  We both couldn't keep our hands off the other's plates because both entrees were so wonderful. Everything about Dante's Kitchen was superb and it was definitely the right choice for the right occasion. I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,7/2/2013,141,497,4,6,4>HOLY CRAP. Boucherie has been in my bookmarks for a long time. I finally decided that before treating myself to a tattoo, I would also treat myself to a fancy meal. Walked in alone and was told that the only seats were outside or at the bar, the rest was booked. Great! I love sitting at the bar. After consulting with the bartender, she advised me to break up my meal and get two things instead of a large plate. So, I went with the boudin balls ($6) and the duck confit with roasted kumquats ($12). This. Meal. Was. Fucking. Delicious. Before my food came out, they brought me a garlicky green soup shooter. Amazing- wish they had an entire bath that I could lay in. Then the boudin balls. These wonderful fried things are filled with some sort of meat, a bunch of spices, and rice and come with a thick and creamy aioli. If you've ever been to Spain, this is the closest that I've ever come to the same garlicky stuff that they make which they just call ajo. The duck confit was a leg of duck with nice, crispy skin and tender meat. This came with what I think are turnips but looked like little logs of ginger that had been rolled in dirt. Pretty unappealing, but they were really good. The kumquats were roasted, but not enough to allow you to cut them open easily and put the juice on the duck. I think I would've enjoyed a roasted kumquat jam more than the whole fruit, but it was still very creative and delicious. The other stars of the show were the servers. It's easy to think that everyone would be uptight considering that you need a reservation in order to sit at a table and that these often need to be made days in advance, but everyone was really cool and easy to talk to. AND, they seemed like they enjoyed what they did and were having fun. I have to get one more lunch in there before I leave; I'm already fantasizing about the dish possibilities!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,6/30/2013,43,155,5,8,1>This place is the ish!!  But listen up or you'll get your head chewed off by the sassy women who make these delicious sandwiches.  Walk in... GRAB A NUMBER, LISTEN for said number, and know what you want to order.  I'll order for you... get the fried shrimp po-boy.  The first time I came here I got the roast beef and I was not into it.  There's some horseradish on there they don't tell you about, ick.  I took the parents here a few weeks ago and we all dropped dead on our way to food heaven.  Well first I died after I got chewed out for not hearing our number called.  Believe me, we're big eaters and were listening VERY carefully for this number... it was either said in sign language or... Not sure I needed to be scolded in front of the entire packed restaurant to "Go sit down and we'll call it again later" so I go sit down to only have her call it out about 5 seconds later... so after that verbal lashing we were on our way to a bomb sandwich.  This fried shrimp is coated in a crunchy, flavorful, greasy batter... Bread wasn't too dry... It didn't really need Crystal it was so good but let's be honest, a po-boy isn't one without it.  PS - Roast beef fans... my mom loved her sandwich so maybe it's just me!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,6/29/2013,53,105,3,5,5>I used to think that tools are worth spending a lot of money on.  Buy a high quality tool, take decent care of it, and it will last you for a long time.  When ever I needed a tool that I was unlikely to need again, or I knew that the job was going to be gritty and nasty, I would run over to Harbor freight and pick up a cheap 'throw away' tool.  I have since realized that while the tools at Harbor Freight are indeed cheap, they are not all crappy.  I'm not saying you should go pick up a mig welder there, but you can get a completely decent screwdriver or wrench there for half the price of other hardware depots.  Also, they sell bungee cords and tie downs that are just as good as any other bungees or tie downs for like one tenth of the price everywhere else.  I'm always discovering neat little odds and ends there that make my jobs easier.  The only reason that it's not a 5 star is that the help there is very hit or miss.  There are people there who seem to know everything and can easily direct you to anything in the store or give you details on all of the products they see.  There are also people there who seem to have no idea where they are or what they are doing.  One time a guy rang up my order which should have been less than $10 and he somehow ended up at $140.  I told him something was wrong and he told me I probably picked out the wrong things!  A manager came over and figured out that this guy had some how charged me for 20 of one of the items.  20!  How the hell do you accidentally do that and then not notice it?
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,6/28/2013,230,290,3,9,3>Thank you for FINALLY opening a restaurant near NOLA! IMO, NOLA seriously lacks in good Mediterranean food but thanks to Albasha, that is a thing of the past.  Sure, they are in Metairie (and Covington as well for that matter) but it is nice to have quick and delicious Shawarma/gyro/moussaka/grape leaves/etc spot relatively close by.  Trust me, the drive is worth it.I've been waiting for YEARS for these guys to open up a place on this side of the lake and finally my prayers have been answered!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/27/2013,397,256,4,7,5>I had to go back... it wasn't my fault.A friend with an impressive sweet tooth came into town, and she just had to be introduced to Sucre.  Plus, a local told me if I hadn't tried the chocolait (hot chocolate), I hadn't completed my first visit.There's dark chocolait, milk chocolait, or white chocolait with lavendar.  Afraid that the white chocolate option would taste like soap, I opted for the milk chocolait, and I ordered a s'mores skillet, which is served with vanilla bean gelato.If you eat there, the presentation is awesome.  The chocolait was beautiful, although it was so full that the cup had runneth over.  And yes, I spilled some on myself because it was so full, but you know it's good when you're okay wearing it.  It's like  a badge of honor.  The highlight was the s'mores skillet though.  A graham cracker crust, chocolate pudding cake, and melted homemade marshmallow on top and I was an EXTREMELY happy camper.  If they keep making this one, I could easily walk past the gelato case every time.  And the vanilla bean gelato was served on top of crushed chocolate -- creamy and delicious.  I don't get dessert very often, but when I do, I want a s'mores skillet.Stay sweet, my friends.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,6/26/2013,154,280,7,14,10>Ladies & gentlemen, I have found my new happy place in New Orleans! How much do I love this place? If I'm off, now that it's hot, I race my (bare) ass there the second it opens, & stay til the sun starts to set. That way I can get a good chair by the pool & set up camp for the day. Did I mention I'm borderline tanorexic in the summer time? Not Patricia Krentzil style because I wear sunscreen & prefer a natural tan. I just have a thing about tan lines.Of which you will have NONE when you go to the Country Club! I love it because it's peaceful, the drinks are strong, and they have pretty much every amenity you can think of. Towels, food, liquor, beer, heated pool, palm trees, good tunes, sauna, and a hot tub, it's a tiny cabana in the middle of the Bywater.Yes, you have to be ok with seeing every shape & type of person, in every form of undress. If it takes a few shots at the bar to get you back there, so be it. After about ten minutes, you hardly even notice anymore. This place has made me so comfortable with myself & also way more aware of every walk of life. It's like everyone's inhibitions are checked at the door & it's a lovely feeling, really.The facility is clean & well kept up, which is a huge plus in my book considering some of the pools in this city. The food is pretty fantastic as well. I LOVE the Asian chicken skewers & the crab cakes. The club sandwich is massive & works well as a poolside lunch to split with someone. I have yet to try brunch or sit at a table but no rush because I'm soooo ridiculously happy with just kicking it poolside.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,6/25/2013,1836,86,11,13,15>"Do you believe in God?" a friend of mine asked my colleague last Friday as we sipped on immaculately constructed Hibiscus-infused jalapeno tequila at the bar within the newly renovated Tivoli & Lee restaurant.  It was hardly the conversation one would expect to make an appearance on a enjoyable Friday evening after work .  However, alcohol has played the role of social lubricant for thousands of years so perhaps it was only fitting that we discuss existentialism."I'm an Athiest" replied my colleague.  "I just don't feel I've received enough conclusive evidence to prove that God exists."As I quietly perused the restaurant's menu, comprised of exquisite creativity and Southern-Creole fusion conceived by the head chef, Mike Nirenberg (previously of The Delechaise), the God discussion continued.  Considering myself an individual who possesses both a keen interest in science and spirituality, I was put in memory of Stephen Hawking's response when asked of his belief in a God-like entity so I weighed in:  "The laws of science may have been decreed by God", Hawking says "but God does not intervene to break those laws.  Because there is a law such as gravity, the universe can and will create itself from nothing."  I then added a similar statement by the late Carl Sagan: "I do not know of any compelling evidence for anthropomorphic patriarchs controlling human destiny from some hidden celestial vantage point, but it would be madness to deny the existence of physical laws." So, what we take from these arguments is that God is essentially just a sum total of physical laws that govern our universe?  Further, who, or what, created gravity and the physical laws which are apparently responsible for the birth of the universe?  Unfortunately, in this age of advancing technology, we lowly humans are in constant demand of tangible evidence; if we can't smell it, hear it, taste it, see it or touch it, it must not exist.  Perhaps God is much more than that.  Much more than a sum of mathematical equations.  Are our own perceptions the problem?  We tend to see things not as they are but as we are.I've often heard the excuses arguing against the existence of God as "he never answers my prayers", "why can't I talk to him?" or "why don't we receive direct messages from God?"  Well, historically, who has allegedly received contact from God?  Throughout antiquity, all prophets pure of heart and intention who severed a lifestyle of worldly pleasures with the aim of overcoming sickness, death and the cause of suffering have been granted an audience with God.  Selfless individuals, such as Buddha, dedicated themselves to a cause greater than who they were.  Is it possible that the enlightenment Buddha experienced was not only the steps required to eliminate suffering but also a means to communicate with a higher power?  Buddha believed that humans were so overpowered by afflictive states that we could never recognize the path.  Maybe the answer is that we, in fact, do receive God's messages everyday and in all forms but because of our ignorance, hatred, greed and defilements, we are not attuned to identify them.  For most of us, our intentions have not been pure so instead, we've ended up creating monsters.  That is what we have become.  It is important to remember though that while it is never easy, change is always possible.By this time, my order had arrived, delivered by the owner, Ken McGarrie and Kim, the astounding resident barkeep.  My Kale Ceasar with pecorino romano was absolutely delicious, as was my expertly prepared Chappapeela Duck Confit.  It fought for plate space with the andouille tots and braised greens beneath a savory pomegranate glaze.  As I dined, I admired the copper table tops, colorful wallpaper and stylized art work.  The interior decorations within Tivoli & Lee are as intoxicating as their menu selection.  This truly is a farm-to-table bistro.Suddenly, the conversation changed lanes.  "If God doesn't exist" my friend asked, "then what happens to our souls, or our idea of a soul, when we die?"  While I cannot offer physical proof, I do believe that there is a definitive energy which makes each of us who we are.  Following the First Law of Thermodynamics, it postulates that energy is neither created nor destroyed; it is simply changed from one form to another.  The total amount of matter in the universe remains constant.  Whether God is involved or not, I do believe that there is a greater form that transcends the boundaries of our mind which we achieve when this life has reached its intended destination.   While our engaging discussion failed to produce any scientific breakthroughs or stunning revelations, it did cause us all to think.  To think deeply about ourselves, the lives we lead and the world we live in.  Are our hearts pure and our intentions selfless?  Look within yourselves.  My wish for 2013 and beyond is for all of us to experience our own growth and enlightenment.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,6/24/2013,137,144,2,7,5>Fits every need for a bar in the city: -great cocktails and unique beer selection-downstairs with pool and TVs, upstairs with lounge space and a balcony-yummy yummy yummy bar food -strategically placed between the Lower Garden District (LGD) and Central Business District (CBD)/ French Quarter-Just off of the streetcar line-wonderful
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,6/23/2013,114,467,8,9,6>I HATE to give any restaurant 5 stars before my 3rd visit. If you've read many of my sad little reviews, you know that the Universe likes to Donkey Punch me on my third visit to a place.But you know... I'm feeling kind of confident in this one. Just want to say that I've eaten here two times and the first time, I got the Mongolian Beef. A totally non-traditional Chinese dish. It was still awesome. The Girly got the snails. She had no luck. She could not get the toothpicks into them correctly. Me...I just sucked them out and spit out the little door.  I loved them even though American snails are more...dirty tasting than I'm used to in that dish. The sauce was awesome, but the Girly gave up. She ate my Mongolian Beef. That was ok. I stole the leftovers that same night. Suck it Girly!Second time, she ordered the Mongolian Beef and I got the intestines in XO sauce. It made me so happy. There was nothing but clean flavor. The intestine had that awesome snap that you get from proper natural casing hotdogs or sausages. The spices were great and they happily brought me chili paste without looking at me like I was crazy. Our lovely waitress (seriously..if I was 20 years younger and not in a relationship...I'd still have no chance with her but still...Fatman can dream) actually recommended this to me after my first visit and after we spoke about my um...Enthusiasm for the real foods of Ethnic places I eat. She somehow KNEW it would be perfect for me.  I really hope they add more traditional items to the menu...or maybe make a special menu available to those of us with...er..more international tastes. :) I am looking forward to the all important 3rd trip. I am really sure it will not lose a star.I just jinxed it, didn't I? SHOOT!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,12/29/2010,120,120,4,12,13>Bouligny Tavern is a "winecentric gastropub" brought to you by John Harris of Lilette. This place is everything a wine bar (or a cocktail bar) should be- warm and intimate, modern yet classic. The renovated interior is beautiful- lots of dark wood, earth tones, accents of muted indigo and orange. There are shelves of interesting antique and modern glassware displayed above the bar. No detail was overlooked. It is a small space- just a bar and banquette seating and tables.The food was very good. My friend & I split several items. The GOUDA BEIGNETS are the star of the menu. Delicious, light, cheesy. I will order these every time I go- either as a snack or to begin a meal. The duck confit was excellent (served with scrumptious little potatoes). I've eaten duck confit several times recently, and this was the best version. The spinach gnudi was my least favorite item. This was way too heavy on the spinach, not enough ricotta, so it seemed more like calzone filling than gnudi. If you're craving gnudi, order them at A Mano.In the mood for something sweet? Lilette's pastry chef does double duty at Bouligny Tavern. We had the most incredible dessert- pumpkin panna cotta with caramel mousse, red wine reduction, and two delicious little shortbread cookies. AMAZING. Smooth, creamy, decadent. This would have been great with coffee or red wine. It was a special- too bad it's not on the regular menu.For a place that is supposed to be a wine bar, the list of wines by the glass is short (and expensive)- 6 reds, 6 whites, 4 sparkling. There is also a concise list of cocktails. I had an Aperol spritzer, which probably not the best pairing with food but I love them.Some of the menu items seem pricey at first glance, such as the crostini and bruschetta, which are priced per item. However, after seeing a portion, it is a better value than anticipated (it's a really big crostini).The service was very good. We sat at the bar and interacted with several bartenders. They were friendly and attentive.This would be a great place to go on a date or with a small group, or meet for drinks before or after dinner. I can already tell from tonight's visit that Bouligny Tavern will be the place where the beautiful people of Uptown congregate.The next time you are in the mood for a fancy winebar / gastropub, head to Bouligny Tavern. And make sure you get the gouda beignets.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,12/28/2010,157,66,10,9,9>FINALLY!!!I made it out to Kajun's! I had been wanting to check this place out forever. I used to be really big into Karaoke. Not to toot my own horn, but I might be the best you've never seen!Me and my friends would go at least once a week, sometimes twice. And then, my favorite karaoke place close... leaving me with a void in my heart where karaoke used to be.Then... some friends told me about Kajun's. I'm a fan of St. Claude. Some may be afraid of hanging out in that neighborhood. I think I actually put in another review that parking in the St. Claude area can be tricky. You park and you just have to hope your car will be there when you're ready to leave, but really it's not as bad as all that.Kajun's is a nice place as far as dive's go. The bathrooms are clean, it's spacious and they have a wide bar selection. Smoking is allowed, but it doesn't seem too smoky.But of the best part of Kajun's is the karaoke, of course! They have an extensive selection of music. I was in karaoke HEAVEN. I took my mom with me, which turned out to be a smart decision. She had men falling all over themselves to buy us drinks. One of them had no teeth, but his money spent just fine ;)I would recommend this to anyone looking to have a good time singing karaoke. And don't forget to invite me! I GETS DOWN with the karaoke :)
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,12/27/2010,161,1547,5,13,5>I've wanted to try Restaurant August for quite some time and kept hoping to find someone else to pay for the pleasure...  Unfortunately that never happened, but E decided it's where he wanted to celebrate his birthday earlier this week.  Reservations were easy to get on a Tuesday night and we were seated promptly.  First up was hot sourdough rolls and cocktails.  I love bread and the room temperature butter was welcome.  Then came an amuse bouche that looked like a soft-boiled egg.  Presentation was excellent but the flavor was a little flat to me.  E is not a big egg fan so he had a couple of bites & was done.For our 1st course we each had a salad, his came from the VEGETARIAN TASTING MENU.  (As an aside I was stunned that this was published alongside the meatier tasting menu.  Yay John Besh for being diverse compared to most NOLA fancy restaurants!)  Mine was more standard the blue cheese & greens.  E's grilled melon & heirloom tomatoes was the much more exciting choice.For our 2nd choice we each got a fish dish off the standard menu.  E got the redfish "courtbouillion" and I got the trout. E's dish was definitely not my Daddy's courtbouillion (pronounced COO-bee-yon in Louisiana).  It was a piece of redfish pan seared with an herb persillade crust plus crabmeat and shrimp.  The sauce was a bourride and poured over the seafood like a stew.  The sauce was so rich that it was not something either of us could eat with a spoon although one was provided.  Guess we're wimps.  My dish was a beautifully cooked piece of trout with lump crabmeat and chanterelle mushrooms with the best hollandaise sauce I've ever eaten.Dessert was the nougatine napoleon which was a wee bit too salty for me, but E loved it.  PLUS we were given some peanut butter brittle & fancy chocolates as a parting shot.Final tally:  Amazing food, -1 star initially because there was a large LOUD table in the same room with us who were very disruptive, +1 star for having a vegetarian tasting menu (although it was definitely not vegan) = 5 stars.  Now I just need someone else to pick up the tab next time...
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,12/25/2010,179,277,7,20,9>The best donuts in New Orleans.I've been on a 4 and a half year long pursuit of the best donuts in New Orleans. I've found it quite strange that there is such a shortage of donuts in this city. I guess the beignet is king here, but that's not what I crave on weekend mornings.  Its the yeasty glazed glory of a traditional donut.One morning, my co-worker from the 7th ward brought donuts to work from the Buttermilk Drop.  From the first bite, I was in love.  A few days later, I went on my own to the shop.  While it is out of the way from my usual uptown existence, it is worth the short drive.Inside, there are pastry cases spanning the entire room filled with donuts of all kinds.  Featured prominently are the name-sake creations the Buttermilk Drop.  I bought a dozen glazed and a dozen buttermilk drops through the small ordering window.  The lady dealt me a little sass along with my order, but I couldn't care less.  I could smell the sublime combination of sugar and grease wafting from behind the counter.Once in my car, I had one of each.  Just as I remembered.  Delicious.If you are wondering what a buttermilk drop is, its a spherical donut that tastes like a cake donut inside.  They're good, but I'm partial to the traditional glazed yeasty ones.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,12/22/2010,17,91,4,6,7>DANG!!! NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!! ohhh soooo good!!! took my honey out here for his birthday & LOVED IT!!! The Molasses Spoon Bread was freakin' awesome! We also ordered the Shrimp & Grits & OH SO YUMMY!!! (like one poster stated - get grits w/ a side of grits, so good!!) the seasoning/sauce (andoille red eye gravy) wasn't too heavy - it was flavorful & suited it perfectly!! My honey got the chicken under a brick & it was just ridiculously good - who would've thought??? SOOOO GOOD!!! I got the Lamb Mixed Grill - came w/ 2 succulent lamb thingies (that I swear the mint jelly was infused into & not at all overpowering!! AWESOME!!!) sausage ?andoille?? over pickled cucs I think it was - again nothing overpowering - very complimentary!!! amazing!! He also had the cauliflower which I didn't like so much - I got the broccoli which I liked!!! & then for desert key lime pie w/ the BEST whipped cream I have ever had!! SOOO GOOOODDD!!!! (I was just a bit heartbroken when all morning I kept looking forward to my leftovers - everything was there but my lamb, heartbroken I say!!) Oh yes we'll be back!! FUNNIEST thing... the menu gently states "no cell phones & diets" so very true!! While everything was just the best & I put calorie counting OUT OF MY HEAD - I never felt like the food was covered w/ gobs of goop - just incredibly flavorful masterfully put together seasoning & foods - very awesome!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,12/21/2010,68,9,2,6,4>New menu, new chef. This place is awesome. What a neat spot too, cigar room, wine cellar, lounge, private booths. I had some unbelievable food... Duck 3 ways, stuffed portobello, fabulous salad with fried goat cheese. You can't go wrong choosing anything from this affordable menu. Drinks were great too, specialty drinks. And a good wine selection of mainly boutique vineyards. Check this place out, nothing like it in New Orleans.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,12/20/2010,173,142,7,5,5>I have noticed this new addition to the Met-tropolis on many occasions as I bustled about on my oh-so-important business, so when my friend suggested we visit for a mid-week workday power lunch, I very importantly agreed.  Like a typical deli primarily designed for lunching, Caffe Caffe had the ubiquitous salad/sandwich/wrap/soup/quiche menu, with just enough choices so as not to overwhelm.  There was a gorgeous assortment of baked goods on display that looked so perfect I made a note not to (1) ever bring the children with me (easily another $15-20) or (2) come when I am depressed (easily adding a pound or two).I chose the Ants Marching Wednesday special - the cup of soup/ 1/2 sandwich combo. (If it had been Feisty Friday, I would have probably gone full monty with a whole sandwich and chips; and of course, on Mormon Monday, it would have been a dry garden salad, hold the fun.)  We placed our orders, took a ticket to the end of the counter, paid at the register and were given numbers, and then let loose to fill our cups and find a table.  It was busy with a nice mix of ladies who lunch and business types, which is much like the  1/2 sandwich combo on the menu-- too heavy on either side would have been too much.  I approved of the goldilocks crowd and found a table that was also just right.The split pea soup was very good, but I had to add a lot of salt and pepper to suit it to my Tabasco-addled tongue.  The whole grain croutons that accompanied the soup were PERFECT, and I will probably order soup alone next time just for those (most appropriate on a Penance Sunday).  The  1/2 turkey club was adequate- again, not too dry, not too dressed, but just right.  It was piled with shaved turkey meat, swiss cheese, crispy bacon crumbles, lettuce, tomato and mayo on toasted soudough.  My friend got the rather colorful quiche (and cup of split pea), which she said was very good.  I caught sight of a salad, but it didn't look like a Monday affair- it was piled high with avocado (and sin). I assume it was the Avacado Salad, which is described thus: "Romaine lettuce topped with sliced avocado, gorgonzola cheese & walnuts, garnished with orange slices & red onions, finished with our Mango Vinigrette"....mmmm....
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,12/19/2010,13,10,2,6,2>We went to the Celebration of the Oaks in City Park on Nov 27th, the second night it was open.It was a family event we all could enjoy, provided there was access for wheel-chairs and scooters.  Indeed, the parking lots are full of handicapped access parking spots.  The access ramps from the parking lots to the roadways or sidewalks have mostly been barricaded and torn up though, and there are no signs or maps or clues given as to how one gets from the parking lot to the Celebration in the Oaks without driving your scooter off a six inch curb or finding enough strong men to lift it up and down again.It seems to be a simple oversight, likely none of the organizers have tried to actually drive a wheel chair from the parking lot to the event without already knowing where to go in the dark without signs or a map.  For us it meant that our scooter bound person had to spend about 20 minutes trying every possible route out of the parking lot until it was blocked, then trying the next, all the while not sure if there was actually a way to get there or not.Meanwhile, the ones of us on foot are lined up to buy tickets, the line is on the roadway right through the curbside parking for handicapped, making vehicle access to drop off or pick up anyone in a power chair or scooter impossible.Nothing that a map on the website and a few sheets of plywood for temporary ramps wouldn't fix,  (instead of barricading all but one hidden access ramp to the sidewalk with construction signs)Once we managed to get across the road from the parking lot to the event, we had a great time.  Getting here was unnecessarily difficult, but well worth the trouble.  This event is obviously being put on by a lot of volunteered efforts, individuals and companies working for the public good.  Frequently individual labors of love are quite obvious and add to the charm which you just can't buy.  If you come expecting to enjoy your self, you will.  There is something here for every age and temperament to delight in.  I found, and think we all found, our Christmas spirit swelling up big under all the pretty lights and City Park experiences suddenly are big again on our list of gifts for giving and receiving here in New Orleans
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,12/18/2010,93,39,4,8,3>Ok, I've really been a member since 05?!? wow, guess I've been busy! Well, I guess it's time for my first review:Within minutes of walking in I was treated like not only a guest, but a friend. I was instantly introduced to several members of the team and look forward to returning to see their smiling faces soon! Bar Kim (of Bartender Wars fame) is a master mixologist. She created over 10 drinks for us, and left nothing to be desired. Her recipes were to die for! Very personable with just enough edge. Food We only had appetizers, but they were phenomenal. I don't remember the names, but steak tartar, duck, liver pate, mac n cheese were a few. The ONLY thing I would have liked was more flavor in the sauces (I'm pretty hooked on horseradish at the moment due to some stellar homemade sauce I received as a gift recently).
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,12/17/2010,25,135,3,11,4>New to Nola, I chose this dentist office because they were in my insurance plan, near my house and had a positive Yelp review. I am very nervous and scared of dentists and really did not want to go - but desperately needed some dental work. Dr. Michael Leggio could not have been more gentle, non-judgemental and wonderful with me. He has a plan to fix my dental issues that began with taking out wisdom teeth. I had the surgery last week and it was not nearly as bad as I expected, thanks to Dr. Leggio and his great assistant. Best experience with a dentist that I've ever had.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,10/7/2012,154,280,2,6,9>Sunday was a rough day for my husband and me. We got a boot on our tire because of a few unpaid parking tickets. It cost us dearly and the lesson was well learned. Our car was parked around Cosimo's and we literally walked up as the bartender opened the double doors. The rain began to poor down on us as we made a dash for the warm, red, comfy interior of the bar. We ordered our first round and the bartender, a cute, energetic girl named Stephanie, noticed the pathetic look on my husband's face & told him his first drink was on her. We ordered some delicious food, a few more drinks, and as the storm raged outside, we got comfortable. It wasn't too crowded, the regulars came and went, and Stephanie was super attentive. Although we weren't planning on it, we ended up staying at least a couple of hours. They had some random shows on a few different TV's, non-intrusive tunes on the jukebox, a great little window seat, and even an old Mr & Mrs Pacman table!  Between Stephanie, us, and the randoms that came in, some great conversations were had. Just when we thought it was time to leave, we ordered one more round, which turned into 3...I can totally see this bar being my local hangout if I lived near the quarter. It's not divey, but it's not pretentious. The people are friendly and charming and the drinks are stiff. I'd especially like to thank Stephanie for turning what could have been a disastrous day, into an especially fuzzy, cozy one.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/6/2012,56,171,3,8,6>Welcome to the home of the best Cannolis.  They are magically delicious!  I stopped in for a cup of coffee.  Good, strong coffee with a slice of Tiramisu.  The cake was delicious slice of heaven.Plenty of cafe-style tables are located immediately inside the doorway, with a slightly elevated seating area near the back.  This area leads to you the very clean bathrooms that have the sanitary seat cover that awaits you with a push of the green button.If you're in Mid-City and craving something sweet. Immediately, head to Angelo Brocato's.  The young Italian girls (some younger than others) will happily take your order to dine in or take out.  The case is filled with what I am imagine is decades of family recipes perfection maintained in secret and passed from one generation to another. You will find cream puffs, eclairs, prussians...stuff you expect in any bakery counter, but then you will spot all the wonderful Italian specialties.  Wonderful desserts you may not even be able to pronounce.  I'm always conflicted on what to select during my visits, instead of realizing I can always come back whenever I want.  Here are some things to try:  the gelato, they will hand pack it for you - for those time when a cup just won't do.  The coffee is really good and goes great with everything, including Italian fig cookies (every day can be St. Joseph's Day here); the spumoni, this is nirvana in your mouth and lastly, the cannolis.  They are absolutely wonderful.  Be warned you will be addicted.I love the neighborhood charm of this Mid-City jewel.  The service is great and the setting is great for a date or to catch up with a friend.  Angelo Brocato's is a sweet spot, for both the atmosphere and the menu. If you've been to NYC, this is a less-commercialized version of Ferrara's.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,10/5/2012,125,204,3,9,7>Great little sushi place!Fresh sushi, interesting rolls (try the Volcano roll - a favorite of the table!), and very good tempura.  Service is friendly and efficient and the prices are more than reasonable! Come on, how often do you get out of a decent sushi after a dinner for two for less than $50 (pre- tip)? How about 2 pieces of Toro for $8?Bottom line:   May not be the fanciest place in town but the sushi sure does make up for it.  Go! Now!!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,10/4/2012,526,986,,11,9>I've been to this place a few times now and it's more than a bar, it's a really nice place to relax with friends.  Sure, it's an older crowd, but on Fridays they have Phil Melancon on the piano and you can't resist having a good time as he sings classics from Nat King Cole and others from that classic era.The hotel and the bar have an old Hollywood history.  Celebrities such as Tennessee Williams, Frank Sinatra, Walt Disney, Truman Capote and many others have stayed (and drank) here when they were in New Orleans.  The Bayou Bar definitely has an old, classic feel and it's one of those New Orleans bars that makes you appreciate what the city has to offer.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,10/3/2012,894,496,4,12,8>One of the better snowball stands in the city! The texture of the ice is perfect. Soft and fluffy. I recommend getting condensed milk with your snowball. It just adds extra flavor to it and makes it all creamy fun.I only get a few flavors here and mainly just stick to Satsuma because it is quite delicious. Cream of chocolate also is a great choice. The flavors are kind of limited. They don't have 50 or so flavors like most snoball stands in the city but what they do offer are really great.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,10/2/2012,120,120,1,10,6>Fantastic seafood in a homey atmosphere only 30 miles away. The Crab Trap is a traditional seafood shack. Order at the counter, they'll start a tab and bring your food (almost immediately). This was the best boiled seafood I can remember- crawfish and crabs with sides of garlic, corn, and potatoes. The quality of the seafood was excellent- both the crabs and crawfish were a nice size. The crawfish and crabs are purged 24 hours resulting in "the cleanest seafood around." The boiled crawfish had great flavor yet was not overly spicy. The crabs did not seem to be boiled in the same liquid; if so, it was only for a quick boil, not a long soak like the crawfish. The crabmeat was firm and tasted pure and sweet, with a hint of salt. The only thing that would make the crab more perfect was melted butter. They were out of sausage and we didn't try the shrimp (next time!). Drink choices consist of a variety of canned sodas and 7 or 8 standard beers. There is casual communal seating downstairs and upstairs, including outdoors. The owner also runs a storage unit business so the place looks like a permanent garage sale. There are some wonderfully kitschy decorations, most of which can be had at a low price. This would be a perfect place to spend a sunny Sunday afternoon, outside overlooking the water. If you're looking for a great place to eat crawfish, take a drive to The Crab Trap.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,10/1/2012,23,494,,7,3>THANK YOU YELPERS!!! I was looking for a good tailor and didn't want to spend a small fortune and Brian's is the place.  they get you in and out QICK, the prices are great and the turnaround is great too.  basically everything you look for in a tailor.  The quality of work is very good and they do just about everything.  These people are great!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,9/29/2012,40,145,,4,5>Yum, hot dogs. It's divey and it's hippy and it's full of delicious gourmet hot dogs. I had a german smoked bratwurst with onions and cheese (there's a variety of toppings you can choose from). I generally don't like to put anything on my hot dogs just because I want to have the opportunity to taste the dog itself. This hot dog was awesome, and the buns that they use (steamed and toasted sourdough) made it so much better.  I was also in for a nice surprise with the golden browned fries, next time maybe I'll attempt to get the cheese fries.This will definitely be my go to place for hot dogs when I have a craving and I'm going to make it a point to try every type of hot dog they have, possibly the crawfish and the slovenia dog.  They do have more traditional choices, such as a regular german beef or pork weiner for those non adventurous types.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,9/28/2012,87,163,4,4,4>A friend and I dropped in here where we decided that we wanted coffee after roaming around a book store for a while.  We ordered the frozen because it was recommended on the review and WOW.  It was so good.  What is even better was the text message conversation that happened the morning after.K: Do you know what I was thinking about when I woke up this morning?Me: No............... PUCCINO'S?K: Yes!We are addicted.  Inside the place is very cute, and I am looking forward to trying to food in the future.  What struck me the most is that I almost didn't come because the place was only rated 3 stars.  However, I realized it seems to be that people love the frozen, but a handful of people give 1 star reviews because they don't have free WiFi.  I wasn't looking for internet so I decided to give the place a try.I don't want to sound like a jerk, but come on.  It is obvious that this is a restaurant.  I am sure they are discouraging people from studying in there because they need the tables for people who want to come inside and eat.  Honestly, if I went for lunch and I couldn't find a place to sit because people were sitting there with a drink typing on their lap top I would be really annoyed.  And its not that I don't understand being in school, not having a lot of money, and needing to do work, I'm a graduate student!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,9/27/2012,234,1331,2,7,6>I LOVE Deutches Haus so much I joined and became a member!  I'm German on both sides of my family so it just seemed like the natural thing to do.  It was a very sad loss when the old Mid-City location got "taken" by the hospital development that still isn't developing.  The current temporary location of the Haus in Metairie is certainly not as much fun as the historic location BUT the new location is going to be AWESOME and is right next to the Fairgrounds.  The Haus is renowned for Oktoberfest but they have MANY events and festivals throughout the year.  They also run the Haus like a bar from Wed-Sat so you can just stop in for some awesome German beer.  I think Deutches Haus is a fantastic organization and I highly recommend anyone that is of German ancestry, interested in German culture, or just interested in having fun check it out and consider becoming a member.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,9/11/2014,136,445,14,20,19>I am filled with pride every time I am in, or see, or even think about Jackson Square. The statue of Andrew Jackson on his horse gives me chills. I could spend hours here, and I have.I had my fortune told here when I was twelve years old and then again  years later with a date who wanted to marry me. He insisted I do it and asked the fortune teller if marriage was in our future. She said no and she was right. (He was too bossy and I'm too feisty) Sorry, guy.There are so many talented artists selling their beautiful artwork and playing melodic music. It's a prime spot for people watching. It is glorious and iconic. An absolute must see. This IS New Orleans.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,9/10/2014,37,132,4,4,3>For the love of sweet baby jesus.  I found this place only on a whim, logging onto Yelp this morning and seeing Alex S.'s review.  I had the Orange Creamsicle there, and it was awesome.  The place was not busy when I went, but it is the middle of the day on Friday, so hopefully that is the reason.  The gentleman working was helping another customer when I came in.  He was extremely helpful.  I purchased the praline bacon and whopper to go, because they all looked so good.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,9/9/2014,254,539,3,7,5>Um. Egg, Prosciutto and fig?? Yes please!Ok, so I created my own sandwich. Yeah-I'm that girl. I saw that they had prosciutto and fig which is a favorite combo of mine.  I don't really care for their sandwiches as designed but they were accomodating to my request and it was delicious. The egg is fried and slightly undercooked so its still runny.  What?! runny egg on a sandwich? "but it will leak everywhere when you cut it or bite it".  Its ok people.   Its not the norm but you will survive. The coffee was just as delcious.  Tempesta is as good as it sounds.  Lightly sweetened, perfectly strong and creamy, topped with foam.Parking is a nightmare and the line was litterally out the door on a saturday morning but service was very fast and the staff was friendly. Prices are a bit high for coffee and a breakfast sandwich but its no ordinary breakfast.  You get what you pay for and its worth it.The space is open, modern, and clean.  Its well laid out with the exception of not much room for a line from the counter before you're waiting in the doorway or outside.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,9/8/2014,46,255,,5,4>Great airport food????  Crazy!!!  I loved my ham and gouda  on pretzel.  Awesome.  Not too expensive either.  $9 isn't bad for a fancy airport sandwich.  big fan and I will definitely eat there next time I am in Terminal B.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,9/7/2014,341,178,5,11,11>I don't know a lot about art, but I love to look at it. I visited the Newcomb Art Gallery after seeing there was a show of old master's portraits at the gallery. It was well worth the visit. The gallery itself is small, 2 large rooms. The current exhibit was actually a combination of portrait work and engravings. Both were spectacular. If you visit, don't forget to check out the Tiffany stained glass windows on the entry wall. They are phenomenal.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,9/6/2014,24,154,2,7,8>So great to have Ziggy Cichowski open another location in the Irish Channel.In the former location of the now defunct Artz Bagels, Ziggy has remodeled the place to make the wall dividing the two small rooms more open.Along with his amazing pastries, cakes donuts and breads, Ziggy is offering sandwiches, coffee and bagels.  He also purchased Artz former wholesale operation and is continuing to make bagels (as well as the rest of his baked goods) out of that location.I have had pretty much everything Ziggy has to offer but my favorites are his apple turnover and his cinnamon role.The ham and cheese on a croissant is a great choice for a sandwich.His staff is always helpful and attentive and I'm sure they would be willing to alter any sandwich to be made on any of Ziggy's many awesome breads.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,9/5/2014,47,237,3,5,5>I purchased a used 125cc scooter (3660 miles) here about a week ago and paid less than a new 50cc scooter, even after tax and title.  The scooter seems to be in good working condition with only cosmetic blemishes.  I was told the previous owner traded it in for a more powerful model, so I can somewhat assume the scooter was taken care of.Greg (the owner I think) seems very knowledgeable.  At the very least he is friendly and willing to answer any and all questions you have (or don't have).  He knows his products and what they are worth.  He knows scooters and what kind of service and general maintenance they require.  He's willing to teach newbies like myself about all the controls and whatnot.  He even explained the process of getting a registration, insurance, and motorcycle endorsement on my license.  He told me he fully serviced the used scooter I purchased (new oil, fluids, etc.) and to bring it to him if anything comes up.  And he has a 30-day labor warranty if it needs any work.I highly recommend Scooters of Louisiana and Greg for any scooter needs.  I also think he's probably pretty good for the ATV's and dirt bikes he sells as well.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,9/4/2014,69,116,6,11,7>I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before! Although I swear I've got more reviews on here that somehow have disappeared. *cues Unsolved Mysteries theme song*Anyway, when I lived in Metairie, I used to eat here at least once every couple of weeks. Whenever the BF (now ex) and I would go to dinner or do date night, we knew it would be Fuji. Same with going on with friends. We all love this place. Why?Because across the board, they've got everything you're looking for. Will categorize by chronological order (in order of when you'll get to experience the awesomeness of Fuji.) Parking- in a crowded Metairie/Kenner parking strip, normally I would be screaming with frustration trying to find a spot there. Luckily Fuji has two reserved spots that are rarely taken. So they usually have nice patrons that go here too! (Case in point, myself and all my loved ones! And even not so loved ones! lol.)Atmosphere- they pull off the word cozy without feeling claustrophobic like Hana. Except for the Fox News blaring, (yeah, don't really understand how people can enjoy eating while watching the news. Chaos and Destruction does not make me hungry.) you would think you were transported into a Japanese sushi bar in Tokyo. Bamboo, cherry blossoms, and samauris artwork. All check!Service- AMAZING! A place that definitely prides itself on its repeat customer. For over two years, I was one of those repeat customers. And I still go there whenever I'm in the neighborhood.Food- I could go on and on, but I won't. Appetizers aren't really the bargain the sushi rolls definitely are. Their Hawaiian is one of my favorite things in the world. And I dream about their Rock and Roll II.Dessert- three words: fried ice cream. The best in the city. Lots of perfectly fried banana pieces and huge scoop of vanilla ice cream. Whenever I remember to save room for it, I am always happy. Bathroom- Clean, two stalls. Always stocked whenever I go. No complaints.So Fuji is definitely a class act. And in this rapidly over saturated sushi market, it's nice to see a place doing quality AND quantity. I heart you Fuji.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,9/3/2014,14,71,4,6,5>Slice Pizzeria. An amazing pizza parlor with a bar section. Pizza and alcohol? Yes please! Today we visited Slice Pizzeria during their happy hours(3pm-5pm, Monday to Friday) to take advantage of their amazing specials. Firstly, their happy hour offers 2 for 1 specialty pizzas, half off abita amber and seasonal draft, and half off wine by the glass. So you can get a very cheap meal here if you time it right!I ordered two slices of the meat lovers pizza because it is definitely a personal favorite of mine with a strawberry italian soda with cream. The meat lovers pizza has a variety of meat related toppings including bacon, pepperoni, and sausage. The pepperoni gives it a slight spicy taste but it is delicious even if you're not a fan of spice. The slice servings are very generous. As you can see by my uploaded photo, I had a lot to get through in this one sitting! The strawberry italian soda is also delicious. This is the second time getting one as I loved the first. It's a very interesting mix of flavors and textures that's too hard to describe. Just treat yourself and get one to try out!With many four+ booths, two seater booths, and tables available, you'll definitely get a seat here so no worries regarding that. There is also a TV in the corner visible by all the seating too for you to follow along whatever they have playing at the time. Finally, they have chalk boards located around the restaurant detailing all the available specials.I highly recommend Slice Pizzeria as they have never steered me wrong. Go get yourself some pizza!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,9/2/2014,242,340,4,9,7>Them: Can I take you to lunch?Me: Yes. How about Seither's Seafood?During my first visit, we sat in the bar section since the dining room was packed. It was great because our server was a hoot, and it wasn't as crowded. I ordered the Monster Salad featuring fried oysters, bacon and blue cheese dressing. It came highly recommended, and I enjoyed it thoroughly. Today, we tried appetizers including the Kung Fu tuna and Eggplant Harahan. Both were delicious and could be an entire meal. So far, everything has a sauce and everything is good.My entree was the BBQ Shrimp Pasta. I don't know how I'll ever order anything else because it was that good. It was rich, buttery, spicy, filled with shrimp and topped with juicy cherry tomatoes. Can't wait for another lunch here. Care to take me?
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,11/21/2010,166,165,2,6,3>My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our 4 year anniversary. The restaurant has a chic and sophisticated feel, the wait staff were extremely courteous and food and wine were absolutely delish!We ordered:- A half bottle of cab and received a generous pouring of easily 3/4 of a bottle's worth- Apps of shrimp and grits and calamari off their specials = both dishes were perfectly seasoned, good portion size and just mouthwateringly AMAZING! I would eat a dinner sized portion if they offered it!- Entrees were the pork belly and rib eye. The pork belly scrumptious! Esp when paired with the pickled veggies  on the side. I thought the rib eye and fries were waaaayyyy too salty. The meat itself had really good flavor once you got over massive sodium attack. The fries were just down right over salted. This is the reason why I wouldn't give the restaurant 5 stars.Overall, it was a wonderful dining experience and I would happily return to dine here a gain. Highly recommended!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,11/20/2010,109,66,4,6,7>Skate Country has consistently provided me with such fond memories that I'm smiling now as I recall how much fun I've had at this fine establishment over the years. I've been a fan since Skate Night at my elementary school and am now an Adult Night patron. I've got recent memories of doubling over with teary-eyed laughter which is a great workout, might I add. I love it when I can kill two birds with one stone! It's a shame that bringing your own skates no longer warrants a discount, but everybody's gotta make money right? Skate Country is still good ole clean, fun. Legend DJ Jubilee emcees adult night, but you won't hear any bounce. Go for the easy listening and the smooth moves of the old school skate pros.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2010,11/19/2010,48,32,3,5,4>My friends and I came here for an early dinner.  It's hole-in-the-wallish but I've been to crazier places.  XD  Definitely casual and fun.  The waitress was sassy, blunt, but helpful!  I ordered the crawfish etouffee and it was excellent.  It had a good amount of kick.  I let my friend from out of town try it and he said it was the most flavorful etouffee he had so far.  My other friend was really excited because she ordered the gumbo and it was chockful of okra which she loves.  She wanted lots of okra and she got it.Funny little place.  One thing I really appreciated was that it's a place for adults only.  No one under 21.  You don't have to worry about screaming children or anything.  So I know that later on when I start a family, I can't bring my kids here but I'll enjoy the food until then.  XD
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,11/18/2010,41,84,2,3,3>KATIE'S IS BACK!Pre-Katrina I used to eat at Katie's multiple times a week and I have missed her dearly in the years since the flood but, I'm pleased to say that Katie's is back and as good as ever!One of my old mainstays on the menu was always the Hamburger Steak and since it was on the new menu I had to have it for old time sake.  It was just as good as every, smothered in brown gravy and grilled onions.  The portions have always been large and that hasn't changed either.  The hamburger steak came with fresh mashed potatoes, a side of steamed veggies and a side salad.  The salad dressing tasted homemade, the mashed potatoes were great.  It was like coming home after being away a long-long time!She had the Iberville pizza and thought it was great too.  Pizza is something new to the menu and there has to be 10 different kinds of pizzas on the new menu.We ended up splitting the White Chocolate Bread Pudding for desert and it was also great.If you were a fan before the flood you will notice a much nicer interior but the same great food.  If you have never been to Katie's head over to midcity and check it out.  It's a hidden gem in the neighborhood between Canal St. & Bienville St.--great for tourists too being only one block off the Canal Streetcar line.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,11/17/2010,38,42,7,3,4>i'd like to give slice a bad review because i really can't stand listening to an entire motorhead album while i'm eating.  really after i've heard "killed by death" and "ace of spades" i've had my fill of lemmy.  the staff all appear to be on drugs and i'm certain one of the waitresses stole my sweater - i left it in the booth, came back to fetch it and it was gone - *shrug*.  probably the best pizza in N.O..  indifferent service, never a bad meal.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,11/16/2010,214,152,1,9,6>I'm still pretty stunned from my experience at Sylvain. Located in the heart of the French Quarter, this new restaurant is not only well thought out, but also warmly delivered. It is very apparent that the owner has put his heart and soul into the place. I envision that in a few months, it will be hard to get a table without waiting for quite awhile. The decor made me feel instantly at ease. The courtyard was beautiful and inviting. The building itself was obviously very old and lovingly restored to its former beauty. I couldn't stop staring at the refinished floors and amazing bar. Our service was exquisite, and they were very careful to ensure that my dietary choice (vegan) was catered to. The waitress even came back to double check that I was sure I didn't want something that the chef could whip up (next time, for sure!!). Our glasses were never empty and the owner moved from table to table to ensure that everyone was satisfied. My husband (a vegetarian) ordered the roasted beet bruchetta and the chef whipped up a vegetarian pasta. Our dinner companions ordered the pickled veggies, chicken liver crostini, the crispy pork shoulder, and the braised beef cheeks. I ordered the pickled veggies and the special salad (fennel, citrus fruit and arugula). We had absolutely no complaints about the food. I could eat 5 or 6 of the pickled vegetable plates in 1 sitting (I'm not joking, I love a good pickled beet), as they were all expertly spiced. Pony cans of Budweiser, epic cocktails, and Schlitz in a can for $2 are offered at the bar. I sipped on the 'final word' cocktail, and was surprised by how smooth and flavorful it was. This place is definitely worth trying. They put care into each ingredient. The bartender makes his own cola(!!!! sooo good!). The cook makes the sausage and burgers from scratch. These are the details that make this place a 5 star experience.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2010,11/15/2010,247,132,2,2,2>I'm kind of surprised that this costume store hasn't gotten much Yelp love!For Halloween this year, I made a bear suit. Yes, homemade. It's sick. I only needed a bear nose, and I couldn't find one at the shop on magazine. I noticed this joint on Camp St and stopped in to discover a plethora of animal noses/snouts and an arsenal of eccentric accessories! But of course there was the normal Halloween madness in the store. So to avoid theft, the store has a nifty locker system that really is to just satisfy the store owners than prevent theft. The bowl of keys is next to the register. The idea is to grab a key from the bowl, put your bag in the locker, lock it up and hold onto your key as you roam around the store. Thing is if you decide to buy something small like, oh let's say a bear nose, it's easy to merely go back to your locker, grab your bag, put the item in the bad and leave. Luckily for them, I am an honest buyer. The nose was only $3. They could have easily hiked it up to $8 or $12 due to the beginning of holiday season, but it wasn't worth stealing. Plus that's just bad karma. I wouldn't buy an adult costume here, but highly recommend it for children's outfits and any accessory you can imagine. It's a nice back up costume shop in a semi-convenient area as compared to the frantic Uptown Costume store during holiday season.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,11/14/2010,218,96,3,5,3>I had some friends in for the Saints/ Vikings game and they wanted "New Orleans" eats. We were staying at the Crown Plaza so I immediately thought Felix's or Acme. Acme's line was hella long... all the way to Bourbon to be exact and to be honest, the last few times I have eaten there- the food was not appetizing. So I jumped at the chance to take them to Felix's/ We started with raw oysters and oyster Rockefeller. Both were so delicious. Considering the recent BP disaster, the prices had not gone up and the oysters were fresh and delicious. I believe Oyster season has just started??? Anyway, we got the seafood trio.... Very common in New Orleans restaurants. It has crawfish ettouffe, jambalaya, and red beans. The red beans were bland but the others were delicious. The shrimp platter was great and the Bloody Mary's were fabulous! Our meal was about $70 bucks. Not bad for the French Quarter and we left feeling full and satisfied. I definitely recommend taking friends here. *On a side note- There was a Felix's uptown at one point and I am not sure if it was the same owners/ relation but that location was even better and cheaper... but on a trip back from Austin, it seems its no longer there ;(
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,11/12/2010,154,99,3,10,8>I came down for a job interview and Yuki Izakaya was the first place I had dinner in NOLA. As someone who has lived in Japan and been to many izakayas, this place is pretty authentic. Yuki-San was nice and helped me impress my soon to be boss as I spoke to her in Japanese. The food...oh the food was amazing. Really fresh & AUTHENTIC - I will be back.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,11/11/2010,3,14,2,4,2>Corks and Canvas was really Fun, it's a great place for a group of friends, A Lovely Date or Maybe just you by yourself. You can bring finger foods (meat and crackers, veggie tray, party sandwich, etc...) and drinks but the best part is  that you can bring Wine, now some folks had other drinks (FrozenDQ, Beer, etc...) but most ppl had a bottle of they favorite Wine. The Class we attended was 45.00 Not Bad. The class provides a Instructor, Paint, All brushes, Canvas, Cups and Paper Towels. All to say this was a great experience!!! And for most ppl that were there, it was they're first time ever painting so it's no sweat. Once you have a few sips of Wine suddenly you will feel a Zest of creative thinking and you will feel the need to paint the town.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/24/2013,41,215,9,10,9>Growing up, I rarely got the chance to eat meat.  For the longest time I thought bacon was fried baloney. Hot dogs were the closest thing I ever had to sausages.  And steak? The closest I ever came to that dream was a hamburger.  At the time I had no idea as to what I was missing. I will always remember the first time I ate ribs.  It was the high point of my tenure in undergrad.  I was sitting at on the edge of my chair with both elbows propped up on the wooden table, clutching the riblet like a fat kid on mardi gras.  My taste senses were so overloaded that I was completely unaware of the sauce that was gushing down my forearms, all over the table, and my white shirt. I swear that any second camera lights would hit me and I was going to find myself in the middle of a commercial for Tide. Needless to say, the memory of the experience wasn't the only permanent mark left by my first BBQ.If you have every found yourself with a similar problem, Fred's is the place for you.  Adjacent to the eateria is a state-of-the-art laundry mat facility, where you can keep your whites glistening. You'll definitely need it - the ribs here are quite saucy and delicious.  The sides too - everything tastes like your mom made it (well, not my mom. But a mom who makes good BBQ). Plus it's priced right - I got a couple ribs with sides of macaroni, potato salad, and pork and beans for $6.  Plus you can get an adorable cup of draft beer for $1.  The menu is HUGE - they also have burgers, wings, sandwiches, and freeze drinks.  Pretty much everything you could want, and more. Plus the service was fantastic - both friendly and quick.  I'm looking forward to coming back!Pro-tip: Be sure to note the pig mural on your way in.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,12/23/2013,161,103,3,7,6>Woo hoo another coffee shop on freret! First thing I look for whenever I go to a new coffee shops is if they have enough tables/seating and outlets! It is always a plus if they serve food there too. This place has plenty enough of tables for people to study/chill at and outlets. The coffee is great there I got the milky way and regular iced coffee. Great coffee and there is also sandwiches there I haven't checked out yet. Great atmosphere, it's quaint and comfortable. They have a lot of drink frap specials and regular iced latte, iced vanilla, etc. They also had other drinks besides coffee such as lemonades. Cool and chill place. Definitely my top study areas.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,12/22/2013,68,132,2,5,4>I am no refined appreciator of art, but the Sculpture Garden is one of my favorite places in the city. It's great anytime of year, home to some of my favorite sculptures in the entire world, and whoa--it's free! It's just the right size to walk around and feel like you got your culture in for the day, without spending hours and hours inside a museum. They also have several types of events here; I saw Beasts of the Southern Wild out on the big grass area and bawled all over the place. I think the sculptures got me that night. Perfect spot to have a picnic, spend an afternoon, take a stroll, have a first date, have a 10,000th date, take visitors, take friends, take your own fine self!In summary: Beautiful, serene, inviting, fantastic, engaging, and...FREE! Go out of your way to come here!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,12/21/2013,29,72,,5,1>My DIL introduced me to this wonderful place. I went in with her to see a dress she and her hub liked. It was perfect for her. I also found a few things perfect for me. The two dresses I left with have the vintage look I have been searching for. One of the owners met us at the door with a happy smile and pointed us towards the specials. I even got the cutest hand bag. I have finally found a place with the look I want and the sizes I need...
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,12/20/2013,67,176,2,9,6>Pleased to know there's a location closer to home. This one is right by the office. I was very pleased. Coworker and I went to grab something to-go. Woman helping us was very nice. Their options are AWESOME. I got the grilled chicken this time. It was a very large chicken breast, super juicy and flavorful. The wheat bun was also very good. Their price seems high, but it includes a side. I got sweet potato fries, which were cut and fried to perfection.This will definitely be a go-to spot for work lunch when I'm not concerned with the healthiness of it. Although, they do have salad building options too. So maybe I'll give that a go.(The fact that Phil is checking the reviews, just got them their fifth star.)
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,12/19/2013,235,222,8,13,8>How I do love a good hot dog, and with the recent advent of gourmet hot dog "restaurants" I am literally in hog (I mean dog) heaven.I actually found Diva Dawg by "accident" as I was stuck in traffic on Magazine St.  The culprit of the traffic was a car exiting a parking spot in front of Diva Dawg so I "ganked" his parking spot and opted to give Diva Dawg a try.  What a great move this turned out to be.I decided to keep it simple and ordered the "Diva Dawg", which is their signautre dog.  My idea of the perfect condiments are sauerkraut, chili, onions and a squirt of spicy mustard.  This premium beef dog had a subtle cajun spice and is made with what I think is a natural casing, as it had that "snap" when I bit into it.  The dog itself is as fresh as it gets, as Diva Dawg gets all of their hot dogs locally from Vaucresson's; which has been making their sausages in New Orleans' 7th ward neighborhood since 1899. Nothing can ruin a hot dog quicker than sad a$$ bun.  But Diva Dawg has the best tasting bun I've ever had.  In fact, I never knew how important the bun was to the overall experience until I tried this one.  Once again, Diva Dawg sought out a local bakery (Laurel Street Bakery) for their buns.  This bun was amazing.  I know you are all thinking, hey it's just a bun.  But you would be wrong to assume that.  Their buns are baked similarly to a brioche in that they are very light in texture  and are made with a high butter and egg content that imparts a wonderfully puffy texture and rich taste.  There is a subtle sweeteness to it that reminds me of a Kings Hawaiian sweet bread.  However, this bun is lightly grilled and the outer layer is reminiscent of Texas Toast or a lightly toasted grilled cheese sandwich, yet it remains light and fluffy on the inside.  Just trust me in that this is a great bun.I won't spend a lot of time on anything else as this was a quick lunch, and we were in an out in a hurry.  My co-worker had the Zapp's dog which contained crumbled Zapp's potato chips and was topped with chili & nacho cheese.  However, I did not sample it and cannot comment on the taste.  However, it looked solid and he confirmed my observation.The staff is super friendly and informative about the menu.  In fact, it was nice to experience their pride in their workplace, as they were almost bragging; and rightfully so.Can't wait to go back and 'get me some more'!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,12/18/2013,76,176,,9,7>This place is fresh out the box! I can't see why they wouldn't do good here! with private stations which are separated by columns it really gives you the feel of a spa! Marble floors and an actual front desk receptionist! The chairs are comfortable and everything just looks upscale! Prices aren't bad at all either. They are very compatible!!! They serve wine and drinks! The services include your traditional pedicure for $17! Or you can get the botanical herbal spa treatment for $55!!! They do great work and are very polite! If you're in the market for some highlights or a keratin treatment, guess what! They have that here too!!!!! Some of their other services include: facials, high lights, manicures, waxing and even eye lash extensions! Those are just some of the many things they do! I'm quite impressed!!! Definitely worth checking out!!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,12/17/2013,105,131,1,11,4>Same great food but with some added additions! I love the modern design all the silver tables and chairs. I love their new $7.95 option a baby pho,choice of half sandwich, spring roll, plus more and drink! You can smell the amazing food from across the street. I can't wait to return to try their American poboys. Good job can't wait to see what y'all will do with next location.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,12/16/2013,128,106,8,10,7>I was looking for a place to eat with my dad when he was in town and I gotta say, Charles H.'s description of "rich mahogany woods" and "candlelit dark leather seating" pretty much sold me on this place. After walking through puddles of bodily fluids amongst the stench of hot garbage, past some of skeeziest strip clubs and through the throng of hustlers, freaks and mouth-breathers that is the quarter, you arrive at the spinning door and I hate to say it, but you are actually "transported to another world".  Look, this place is expensive and the food, well to be honest, probably wasn't worth the price But the service and the ambience is so overwhelming that they could have served ham and cheese hot-pockets and  I would have eagerly lapped it up.  This is one of those old New Orleans restaurants that I can almost guarantee you that any night you come will be a special night.One block off Bourbon, one block off Canal on Iberville. Take your visor off in the dining room, stooge.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,12/15/2013,79,41,,14,8>This is SO overdue!!! These folks have cared for almost every single one of my seven pets at some point.Let me preface this with a quick factoid:LVRC has been Med Vet for quite a bit now. I filled out the form, emailed to Yelp, yada, yada & so on. It really doesn't matter! They are in the same location doing the same things.1.) LVRC/MED-VET is a veterinary referral & emergency hospital. This means if your regular vet finds cancer, a growth, etc... They'll most likely refer you to these doctors. Just like human medicine, there are specialists here. Oncology, orthopedists, etc.. They also have advanced equipment like ultrasound. 2.) Sounds expensive? It can be at times! Depending on your pets' diagnosis. On separate occasions I've spoken with several different Dr.'s here. Each one of them was honest, compassionate & presented the options. I never felt pressured to spend lots on anything unnecessary, ever. My little 2 cents advice- get vet insurance. I've been so glad I did!3.) These people are kind & good folks! From the front office- Andre' & Sunny know me well. They're always super kind, down to earth & nice to chat with. To the vet techs, assistants, interns & Dr.'s here. To Robbie who runs the Rehabilitation program. For pets to build back strength (specific manipulation/stretching/etc...)post-surgery. As well as dogs that need the underwater treadmill for maintenance. Seriously. These people are awesome.4.) Whether it's an emergency at 2AM, cancer or rehab for your pet(s), go!!!!5.) Several of my pets lived a longer, high quality life due to the regimen(s)/care from LVRC/Med-Vet. Thankfully, two of them still are!!!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,10/28/2012,42,78,12,7,5>Counterpoint.I've never been one to try to argue with a previous review, that 'to each her own' thing and all, but Joi B's review for the awesome Go Kart racing defies all reason and logic.How one could not know it was competive when her text message coversation earlier went...Joi: Im definitely coming!Person X: Just to lose?From what I hear the entire ride out to Avondale was filled with threats, taunting, and mockery. There may have been a comment or 2 about the use of automatic weapons to disable competitors cars as a wat to ensure victory, and we all audibly groaned when our friend showed up in his 1956 Porsche, because we remembered he knew how to do this, and suddenly we were arguing ffor who would be so awesome as to come in second, since we had all suddenly given up hope for victory.A pleasant ride around the track she still thought? Not possible, a certain driver ridiculingly flipped her the bird as he passed her. That is more than a clue. She could have picked up the pace anytime.Her review is ridiculous...the head wraps we were forced to wear were far from hideous; in fact they were pretty bitchin. The two things she got right is it was a top notch facillity, and its, true, she was humiliated. Her lap time was so slow she didn't even make it onto the nifty graph they give you post race to compare how we did which further egged on the worst in all of us.As a bonus its right by the Westwego seafood market...pick up some superfresh $4 a pound jumbo head on shrimp and a redfish on your ride home. Unless Joi is driving you in her go-kart, she'll drive so slow the fish will end up rotting by the time you reach Gretna.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,10/27/2012,102,210,1,10,4>Antoine's is to New Orleans like a good friend. It is always there supporting and helping you find your way, but giving you a few laughs and good times along the way. For 172 years, Antoine's has been a staple in New Orleans. A place to go to for a filling delicious meal, or just a drink with friends (see Hermes Bar).Some may consider Antoine's to be stuffy, but that is just its charm. It has been open for over 150 years, without changing that much, so relax and enjoy it. A few suggestions when going: where a jacket. If you don't, you'll be seated in the front room with all the other walk in tourists. If you wear a jacket, you're seated in the back, with the locals. This is a completely different experience. Much quieter and a little less rushed.Take the restaurant tour when you are finished. After 172 years, the restaurant has quite the history, including a door that was used during prohibition and an old jail. The building is also said to be very haunted...If stuffy and well mannered isn't your thing, don't go. But if you are looking for a meal at a New Orleans landmark, you will love it!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,10/26/2012,52,98,2,9,4>Moncef and Jamila are the very visible husband and wife team behind Jamila's, and their hospitality and warmth is the main attraction behind their popular little restaurant in the Uptown/Black Pearl neighborhood. But there is more to Jamila's than Moncef's familiar, charming front-of-house demeanor. And that "more" is the food, which is dynamite.While you're making up your mind, Moncef brings you a basket of warm pita triangles and French bread (a neat little symbol for the restaurant's blend of North African and French influences) with a delicious garlic-herb butter. For your appetizer, I highly recommend the brik au thon (~$6), a delicate filo pastry containing chunks of albacore tuna, olives, capers, mashed potatoes, and herbs, served with a tomato-basil chutney.If you want a very light dinner, why not go with soup and salad? Jamila's is the home of the absolutely stunning crawfish, zucchini, and spinach bisque (~$6.50), a creamy and delightful marriage of New Orleans and Mediterranean ingredients joined together with fine French culinary technique. I can also highly recommend the salads, which are refreshing blends of traditional Mediterranean staples. On one visit, I had a special of grilled eggplant salad with feta cheese and a balsamic dressing. On another, I had the Salade Tunisienne, a chopped salad containing cucumbers, apples, bell peppers, olives, capers, tuna, and a lemony dressing.For an entree, definitely stick to the fish of the day, the tagines, and the couscous dishes. The Couscous Au Poisson (~$20) features a generous portion of firm white fish (maybe swordfish? amberjack?) stewed in a richly seasoned, tomoatoey broth containing chunks of zucchini, chickpeas, carrots, and other delectable savories. It was served a generous bowl the warm grain, and a little ramekin of spicy harissa so that you can bring the stew to your desired level of spiciness. A few glasses of wine, a piece of baklava for dessert, and you've got a perfect meal.The decor is nothing to write home about: small, pleasant, unadorned. When the restaurant is busy, the two small dining rooms can get a bit loud, and service begins to slow down, but Moncef is never anything less than friendly and attentive to his tables. There's a reason this place has so many regular customers: It's a real neighborhood spot that even tourists can feel welcome in. The prices are reasonable, and the food is always delicious. Highest possible recommendation.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/25/2012,214,152,8,18,9>On my second trip to Dreamy Weenies, I was greeted outside by a break-dancing hot dog. I knew this was going to be an excellent experience. Inside, I was greeted by one of the proprietors he even remembered my name (from when I came in before with my business card)! I got the #2 meal, which comes with a dog, fries, and a drink. I got the garden district weenie (VEGAN and labeled as such) with vegan chili and waffle fries!  Husband got the same but topped with cheese.They also have sweet potato fries, if you wish. They have tons of sides, if you aren't into fries, like hummus, chili (vegan and non), chips, and many more. Their topping selection is ace too- curry and things like that- even cream cheese!?While sitting and waiting for my food, the ambiance was pleasant and friendly. Non-cheesy New Orleans music was playing in the background, while customers carefully chose which weenie they were going to consume. They have kosher, halal, and vegan options clearly marked. I think this is a first in this city (THANK YOU!).Our dogs came out, and they were epic. Better than the first time, the dog is now wrapped in a wonton skin (my guess, not sure), which makes it super crispy and YUM. I demolished it as fast as I could, until I was super roly-poly full. You gotta make your way over here. It's run by extremely friendly, gracious, and caring people. They really do care about giving customers the dreamiest weenie experience possible. Don't let the address scare you, this part of Rampart is super safe and populated. It's RIGHT near the Armstrong park arch, which is a great photo-op spot, my lovely tourists.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,10/24/2012,161,1547,5,10,10>What a bargain! The lunch prix fixe for $20.12 was a great deal for 3 courses at a super fancy restaurant. Dress was mostly business casual...with a few casual/casual people (yes, I was judging).  There were of course selections not on the prix fixe price and though there were only 2 choices for each course, I was more than happy with what I selected.The 3 courses last week were a lovely gazpacho blanco with poached shrimp, a gorgeous piece of fish with a light and tasty corn souffle and then for dessert was a really fancy chocolate pudding.  Delicious and a great way to get over the Isaac blahs.Thanks for the great idea @John LH.  My 15 year old niece was worried that the food would be too fancy but she loved it all.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,10/23/2012,98,1428,12,19,13>Mahony's may be my favorite poor boy shop. Sure lots of people complain about the wait, but every time I have been, my wait was reasonable. I think choosing your time is key. At 11:00 and 5:00 there was zero wait to order, and my food was out within 10-15 minutes. I did go once for take out at noon, but I had called ahead and my food was ready upon arrival. The food is very good to excellent. When I sampled the pot roast beef for the first time, I literally exclaimed "holy hell, this is the best poor boy I have ever eaten". Thankfully I was alone in my office and no one could hear me, but it was that good. Since then I have been back several times. While always very good, the roast beef no longer amazes me every time. It does still hold the title of John's favorite roast beef in the city.....for now.A few visits ago, I had a cochon poor boy to change my routine. They recommended I skip having it dressed since it came with slaw. I wish I had disregarded that suggestion as the sandwich was a bit dry. The slaw and pork were perfect, but I would have liked some vinegar based sauce or something similar. The dirty fries with cheese are the best I have had anywhere. The fries are perfectly cooked and topped with roast beef, gravy and cheese (optional). The order is huge, and so good that you will be licking the basket clean (don't judge me).I really like Mahony's. If you try it, I think you will too.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,10/22/2012,137,144,2,8,4>Vegetarians, fear not! OK, so the name of the place implies that it is more than a fine-dining establishment; it's a fine-dining establishment that specializes in meat. Not just meat, pork. So how did a Kosher girl and vegetarian end up here? Well, folks, that's the beauty of New Orleans. Nothing is what it seems and anything is possible.The catch? Ask and you shall receive. I assure you in most any good restaurant in NOLA, a chef will make you something vegetarian and that something will be damn good. From previous experience, I had learned that the bread was made with lard, so avoid snacking before your drinks or appetizers come out. We got the beet salad and mac-and-cheese to start (holy, flavors) and had the chefs surprise us with a "veggie plate" that came out to be fried green tomatoes, mushrooms, and sauteed spinach with a light cream sauce to compliment it all. Not to mention that the drinks were phenomenal and dessert was a perfect ending.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,10/21/2012,63,174,2,4,3>I have only been here once, but first impression was a wowza! Fresh-squeezed OJ was perfection in a glass! I tried one of their Raspberry pancakes and LoVeD it! My actual Bfast was the Green Eggs sandwich (Green because of the basil pesto). It was filling and full of great flavor. The staff was really sweet too! Thank you Satsuma!Just a note to other newbies: You order at the register and they bring the food to your table (by giving you a number). I can only hope that round two is just a wonderful!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,10/20/2012,352,744,3,3,2>We got the $45 tasting menu and added another appetizer and we considered it to be one of the best deals in the city. The $45 tasting menu came with a beet salad appetizer (pickled baby beets, burrata, duck ham, and aged balsamic vinegar), cochon de lait entree (melt in your mouth pork, sweet potato, sugar snap peas), grouper entree (melt in your mouth fish with veggies and creamy sauce), and an old-fashioned donut for dessert (with huckleberries, oatmeal crunch, and sour cream ice cream YUMMMM). On top of this we added an additional appetizer - the spring squash soup, with sourdough croutons and lemon oil. I also got a glass of red wine - the Rioja from Spain cuz Spanish red wines are such a win. For the two of us (one grown man and one grown woman) it was the perfect amount of food and a comfortable level of fullness, although about six hours and five alcoholic drinks later we felt the urge to snack on some Cheerios. The ambiance and decor is super cute and they have lovely chandeliers downstairs. You can sit outside when the weather is nice, although sadly the restaurant is right across from a Discount Zone gas station which kinda marrs the outside vibe. Then there's a bustling downstairs seating area with bar, and then upstairs is a quieter space with a classier vibe. We sat upstairs, which I liked better except I wish there was a bit more background noise because I'm kind of a loud person and I don't like when the table next to me can hear every word I'm saying!OH, and after you get your check they send you "gifts from the kitchen" which are pistachio treats and dark chocolate treats. These treats are excellent, unless you stupidly forget that you are pretty allergic to pistachios and then eat the pistachio treats and then have to rush home to alleviate your swelling throat, which of course I didn't do.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,10/19/2012,121,53,2,3,4>Absolutely love this place. I've been here for breakfast and lunch.. and hopefully happy hour (Tuesdays and Wednesdays!) someday soon.  They have really healthy breakfast -- which for me, is a great change of pace from my beloved breakfast sandwiches. Granola + yogurt + fresh fruit (and none of that cantaloupe crap -- strawberries and blackberries!). Amazing coffee. Free wifi. Clean bathrooms. Friendly staff.The best part?! Homemade giant oreos! I actually had a dream of it last night.. amazing. And their paninis are pretty great as well, and come with a little salad. I love a coffee shop where I can sit for a while and also have breakfast and/or lunch.  It can get really crowded sometimes.. but then other times it's completely dead. Either way, it's a great place to study.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,10/17/2010,196,337,9,13,5>Let me start off by saying, The peach cobbler is life-changing. On first taste It made me feel like I was rolling around in the grass on a country day playing with butterflies. Thats just the type of experience you get from this creamy "happy serum" peach cobbler.Now to the rest of the meal lol. We had a buffet style  setup for our private dining experience. The catfish, fried chicken, the jambalaya with a shrimp sauce, greens was so great and left us in a food coma.  Everything was done so good made me feel like I was eating something from my grandmother.The atmosphere was cool. The tables and dining was great for conversations and for hosting large parties for dinner. I like the scenery and the art on the wall.We even got a chance to meet Ms. Leah Chase. She is so fabulous and sweet. She even left us with a funny and inspirational few words!You definitely will leave this meal happy, it is equivalent to get a really good 60 minute massage.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2010,10/15/2010,147,473,1,5,3>Five Star Rating for the Bahn Mi at the Bakery. Three-four stars for the restaurant. The restaurant is a standard Vietnamese place. The bakery on the other hand is incredible. the fresh bread is wonderful. and the great meats they put on the Bahn Mi are fantastic. and dirt cheap too. like $2.50 for a 6" sandwich. (since there is a separate yelp article for the restaurant. I edited my rating to reflect just the bakery)
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,10/13/2010,425,213,1,7,6>La Thai, how do you make such delicious fresh food and also make me feel like a princess while I am served? I was immediately greeted by a friendly waitress and shown to a table. She informed us that although you couldn't tell, it was actually tiki night and a few of their more expensive drinks were $4. I had a bright blue drink that tasted like the Caribbean (see the photo attached). Being a vegetarian I was happily surprised at the "vegetarian corner" section of their menu. I love it when restaurants don't make me search through their menu in order to find something to eat. After ordering our drinks we were brought complementary appetizers. This particular app was not on the starter menu but was thought up by the cook for that day. And what a great way to start a meal- it was so good! I would order that every time I visited if it was on the menu. It was a crispy eggplant with tangy sauce. I had my favorite Thai meal- Masaman Curry and my friend had the Paht Thai (see photos). The Masaman had sweet coconut milk, a perfect curry spice, and loads of fresh vegetables. I have had this meal all over the US and this was my favorite so far!! There were sweet potatoes, slinky red onions, snappy green beans, crisp asparagus, red peppers, and triangles of lovely tofu. Served on the plate (which was beautiful btw) was a quarter cup of white rice. I really enjoyed this meal. My friend said that Paht Thai was also good. It came with chicken and shrimp. The waitress checked on us often and was very friendly. The interior is a nicer than I expected. However, there was strange mismatched art decorating the back wall. Apparently there is a private function room that is available to rent for parties or business events. I also noted a lunch menu, but was surprised to see that the lunch options were only $1 cheaper than the dinners and actually some were $1 more!Definitely going back here as soon as I can.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,10/12/2010,37,91,4,4,4>Went on a smoke-free show night, but it's not always that way (I like smoke-free, being a non-smoker). The Maison occupies the space that was once my beloved Fauburg Center, then Ray's Boom Boom Room, then La Maison de la Musique blah blah....I sure hope this incarnation does not fall victim to Cursed Space Syndrome. As it stands, Maison is a really well-thought-out, cool venue. For larger shows, the stage is set up in back, with a wraparound viewing balcony (where there is also a game room). For smaller shows, like the awesome CD release party we attended, the band is stationed up front in the picture window area, luring in passersby. There are plenty of tables, and the kitchen serves up standard bar fare at decent prices. Avoid the "specialty" drinks and get a regular cocktail or a beer. Really, the only thing I didn't like are the nasty couches. When will New Orleans bars learn that couch+humidity+drunk people= germfest. I am shocked I didn't catch some disease during college from sitting on couches at Snake & Jake's or worse...
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,10/11/2010,120,120,2,17,6>Lüke is one of my go-to restaurants for a nice lunch or a casual (yet upscale) dinner. It is in the John Besh Restaurant Group, a French bistro with German influences (an homage to Kolb's, a long-standing German restaurant that was located in the CBD). Lüke is moderately priced and offers something for all tastes (as long as you are not a vegetarian, but it is pescetarian friendly). The prices for lunch and dinner are similar, so it is an even better value for dinner than lunch.My favorite item on the menu is the Lüke burger- with Emmenthaler cheese, bacon, caramelized onions lettuce, tomato. This burger is HUGE- do not hesitate to split with another diner. The burger is accompanied with thin crispy fries served in a mint julep cup. If you split the burger, they will bring each diner his/her own cup! I used to work close to Lüke, so I have eaten this burger too many times to count. It is my favorite hamburger in New Orleans.Another favorite item on the menu is the flamenküche- a thin tarte with caramelized onions, Emmenthaler cheese, and bacon. This Alsacien onion tarte satisfies all cravings- it is crispy, salty, sweet, creamy, and cheesy. It is a perfect appetizer to split among two people during happy hour, or between several people prior to a meal. Other starters of note are the paté of Louisiana rabbit and duck livers (brought in a small glass mason jar) and the slow poached yard egg salad.I have enjoyed many other items on Lüke's menu, many of which are ideal for seafood lovers: the fresh gulf fish (my preference is served meunière), the crabmeat ravioli, and the moules et frites are all great choices. Lüke has great daily specials. The Friday special, a redfish "court-bouillon" (a seafood stew served with rice) is my favorite and an excellent rendition of this classic Louisiana dish. There is also an extensive "raw bar" selection if you enjoy cold, fresh seafood.Lüke also has an interesting wine selection (served in juice glasses, reminiscent of how people once enjoyed wine in their homes) and fantastic cocktails. If you enjoy bellinis, don't miss Lüke's champagne au peche. Also, Lüke serves the best French 75 in New Orleans- a perfect combination of cognac, lemon juice, and champagne, garnished with a brandied cherry. Lüke's happy hour is a well-kept secret-  1/2 price drinks and .50 oysters from 3-6. Their oysters are always of exceptional quality- typically Louisiana oysters when available.Whether you are visiting New Orleans or a local, Lüke is an excellent dining option.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,10/10/2010,53,45,7,8,5>The Big Easy Roller Girls are NOLA's spunky, elbow-throwing flat-track roller derby squad.  Their matches are brawl-time fun, and their monikers are amusing (like Big Sleasy and Ibeatya Amber and Archbishop Pummel).There are actually a few NOLA teams - the Crescent Wenches, Big Easy All Stars, Confederacy of Punches...  Often the cheap price of admission goes in part to some charity, and there's sometimes a theme (e.g. the next match is a "Mixed Bag" inter-league bout, themed Shrimps v. Oysters, and it's a fundraiser for the Gulf).  Audience costumes welcome.They used to hold the matches at Mardi Gras World in Algiers, but they've moved to UNO.  They also volunteer and are willing to add their sexy toughness to bolster other events, like the annual Running of the Bulls (where the roller girls are the bulls, with horns on their helmets and paddles in their fists).If you want to become a Roller Girl, it's a lot of training and sorority-like hyjinks to get in, so I'm told.  I'm too chicken-baby to try.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,10/8/2010,272,184,4,9,6>Friday night we had date night and after much back and forth ("No, what do you want?" "I asked you first, what do YOU want?"), we settled on Italian and then, as huge fans of John Besh, Domenica. (Full disclosure: Daniel N. now works at American Sector but we're not biased because of that). We called, made a 6:00 reservation, and biked down to Baronne with 15 minutes to spare. I had forgotten that it was in the Roosevelt because I always pass by on O'Keefe and don't usually see the restaurant on the other side. We were seated immediately at a table for 4 although we were 2 (a good amount of tables were open this early, but by the time we left, it was packed and there was a small wait at the bar). We started with drinks, a strawberry Bellini (dry and sweet; good) and a Battle of Pavia (Meyer limoncello, grapefruit, and something red). The bread were those long crunchy breadsticks (forgot what they're called), which I wasn't to into. In general, we opted for small plates so we could try a few more things. All the antipasti and primi come in small or large plate options; the secondi (entrees), looked good at the other tables too (braised goat!) We ordered: 1. Lardo, Coppa, and Talleggio meat and cheese plate: Cured pork fat, pork shoulder, and a soft cow's milk cheese. It came on a board with 6 panchan: a sweet&sour ratatouille, a pate/mouse (a little gritty), olives, Italian fruitcake, candied fruits, and an apple marmalade. The candied fruits were a huge hit; the aftertaste was of wasabi. Delicious! It was served with flakey dough puffs fried in pork fat, which tasted like a mix of Native frybread and Taiwanese cong you bing to me. 2. Fried squash blossoms with goat cheese: Alright. The goat cheese was Rayal's plain version, I'd hoped for a flavored one. The bruschetta tasted like salsa. Meh.3. White truffle & pancetta Risotto: This is more to Daniel's taste. I just don't understand hard rice. Flavor was pretty good, but I couldn't taste the truffle. 4. Stracci: Torn pasta, oxtail ragu, and fried chicken livers. PHENOMENAL. The pasta was spinach and had been pressed into the thinnest sheets I've ever had. The oxtail ragu was delicious, flavorful and fall apart tender with lovely bits of gravy and fat. I believe the kitchen braises the livers before frying, because I expected toughness but got tenderness. Absolutely delicious and both of our favorite. 5. Tagliatelle: Rabbit ragu, porcini mushrooms. I loved this one. Great flavor, very earthy from the plentiful mushrooms (you just can't go wrong with wild varieties), and the rabbit was lean and not at all gamey. The tagliatelle had the bright yellow of a perfectly mixed egg pasta, and had a lovely, toothsome al dente texture. 6. Brussels sprouts with guanciale: We ordered this side to try and get some fiber into our plump little bodies. Sauteed to the perfect golden brown, these still had a bit of bitterness and crunch (although some smaller pieces were fully mushy), which balanced perfectly with the salty and fatty guanciale, although I didn't catch any pork bits. 7. Gelato Affogato: We had been trying to save room for dessert and ultimately took the plunge with vanilla bean gelato and espresso. The coffee was good quality and the gelato was okay, not the thickest and best I've had, but certainly not the worst. The service was great and we had no problems. Our server was attentive and our food arrived promptly in the order we asked for, piping hot. Cannot wait to come by again with a larger group and my camera, since I forgot it this time.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,10/7/2010,157,66,3,6,11>All tourists ask the same question, "I've seen all the tourist stuff, but really, where do the locals go." My answer almost always includes the Carousel Bar in the Hotel Monteleone.Yes, it's a bar. And, yes, it's in a hotel; but this is more than your average Hotel Bar. Here, you are just as likely to find coworkers having a drink after work as you are to find tourists looking to relax after a long day of exploring the French Quarter.On one visit to the Carousel Bar, while having drinks alone, two older gentlemen from Texas asked me to join them. Pleasant conversation ensued. They explained how they were staying at another hotel, but they loved coming to the Carousel Bar. The older man told me the story of how he had gotten married at the Monteleone about 50 years before. Nothing much had changed. He said, "We spent our honeymoon right there."  While pointing to the bar. Then, with tears in his eyes, he went on to tell me how they would come back nearly  every year until she died a few years ago. Being gentlemen, they paid my tab (which included a few French 75s), excused themselves and went to catch their dinner reservation.This story, epitomizes all of why I love the Carousel Bar. There's history there. Memories are made. Strangers become friends. And they make pretty good French 75s.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,10/6/2010,162,269,22,14,10>Hey tourists, can we have a talk? I understand that New Orleans is your mecca, the site of your latest pilgrimage...and you have saved up [time, energy, money, sexy excitement] to be here. And now that you are here, you want to spend all that extra [time, energy, money, sexy excitement] in grand style. I'm completely down. (That's what it's like to live here! Imagine...!) We, as the citizens of New Orleans, are glad to welcome your [time, energy, money, sexy excitement] to our city. But you need to adjust some of your expectations about our institutions, and Cafe Du Monde is one of them. Please adjust the following: - We will not, under any circumstances, make beignets more healthy. Nor will we scale back on the powdered sugar. If you want beignets at Cafe Du Monde, you will get more powdered sugar than any one person should consume in their entire lifetime. You don't have to eat all of it, ffs. And you certainly don't have to come here if you want beignets. - Restaurants, cafes, and eateries are not the appropriate places to discuss things like bowel movements. Our mothers and grandmothers taught us what is and is not nice table talk, and poop is not on that list. So please, if you have a story about someone and their hot tub and what came out the wrong end, save it for when you are walking around the bits of the Quarter that smell like sewage. (It will be an interesting segue and add ambience to your story.) This is doubly true when the tables are packed close together. - Servers in this city are mostly unloved, in part because tourists like to run their servers ragged for very little tippage. Servers at Cafe Du Monde really get the short end of the stick because they are outside all day, on their feet all day, and dealing with the likes of your surly self while making Not Much Bank™. So unless you are ready to tip them enough to make up for the 8 other tables that stiffed them, please go easy on the servers. - We don't understand why Jackson Square smells like sewage and yuck, either. We suggest calling our good friend Ray N. for some answers; Ray know everything. Thank you for your understanding. Accessibility notes: Fully accessible for mobility devices. Tables are very close together, but there are aisles and spaces for devices to access a table. No braille menu or signage. Very loud at peak hours so potential difficulties for hard-of-hearing customers.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2009,10/4/2010,42,78,12,11,9>So I'm talking to some tourists in Washington Park, they asked me about gumbo recommendations and of course I gave them my 2 favorites, Coops and Liuzza's by the track. Well as usually happens, a stranger wanders into the talk...kind of dirty and kind of drunk at 10 AM and starting railing on Lil Dizzy's (of which I agree) and raving that the best gumbo in town is at Cajun Seafood. Well, I take the ramblings of pleasant drunks to heart as they usually know something...Fast forward to yesterday...and a monstrous hangover that I wouldn't wish on anybody, but probably did deserve.  The words of that man rang in my head as I left the bar I watched the Saints win at and I so I forsook the chicken wings at Manchu and headed here. Wow, just a classically great fried shrimp Po Boy...the Leidenheimer bread toasted just right for maximum crunch , a tasty batter, and utterly packed with fresh shrimp. They sell it up to 24 inches if your a fan of such things. 12 inches was a cheap  $6.99.   The gumbo was sickly good. Just stuffed with meat. The large was, I think $5.99 and enough for 2 people to eat twice...just stuffed with meat and seafood. Shrimp, Crab (be careful, it's home-style, crab shells are not to be swallowed) giant chunks of chicken and nice sausage. $5.99, ridiculous. Served with a separate side of rice so you get your full serving, too.Bought some corn cooked in the Crawfish boil, so will vouch for that, too.  Conveniently located right across from K-Does (which makes it inconvenient for most people besides me), but just about a mile outside the Quarter and worth the trip. Walk down, enjoy the architecture of Esplanade Ave and eat like the drunk man in the park advised...Just as I suspected, he was really on top of things.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2012,4/21/2012,91,53,7,9,5>I don't care for anything else than the Super Burritos in Felipe's, so this review will concentrate on this menu item.The Super Burrito:Felipe's Super Burrito is big and full and it will leave you felling big and full. I like the fact that they have a buffet style  serving station that has many options. This, of course  will make any healthy meal a feast for your gut. But who am I to judge? When ordering, I personally like the carnitas or the chorizo as my main meat ingredient but -be warned- if you do have the chorizo, it will result in a sleepy unproductive human being for the rest of the day. Moreover, as with any other good Mexican restaurant, beans are sure to make you fart like a champion. This is why I choose black beans, if you are going to fart, better go for the gold and the gold comes in small black "frijoles".Plus:They have good happy hours everyday but if you want to die, go on Wednesday and have their Margaritas. Blackouts will occur, fun is ensured.Enjoy!PS: After talking with my girlfriend I am giving Felipe's 3 stars. She says its Ok and I am giving too many places 4 stars. I, on the other hand, believe that 3 stars is too low so I'm going with 3 1/2.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,4/20/2012,673,327,8,16,11>My previous review for Vive! is totally the reason we're not allowed to write reviews and publish them from the Yelp smartphone app(s). At least I use full sentences and don't write in L33T speak, but still. Two sentence review? Bad Jess. Let's try this again. Yes, Vive! is in fact a chill, W-esque bar in the Le Marais hotel in the French Quarter. It's a part of the New Orleans Hotel Collection, and located on Conti Street, about a block away from where Patrick's Bar Vin will be when it opens. (Which I am anxiously awaiting, by the way. Ever since I heard about it last year. Soon I hope!) There's a courtyard attached with a small saltwater pool, and they've got this chic black wicker furniture outside. The bar itself has a bunch of huge, brightly colored armchairs, and the place is kind of colorful and slightly trippy in general. If you like the sort of hip, modern, funky aesthetic, you'll like this place. When I was there, they had some interesting drinks on the menu. I had some kind of purple martini thing that was tasty, and would make an EXCELLENT LSU drink if they added a lemon, and were into that sort of thing. There was also a lavender champagne cocktail that I wanted to try. Hopefully it'll still be on the menu next time. This place is super new, and in fact when I was there they had JUST gotten the courtyard furniture a day or two before. If you're in the French Quarter and are looking for somewhere chill and non-touristy for a drink, this is an excellent option. The bartender Shaun was super nice. Sometimes hotel bars can be kind of cool, and this is definitely one of those times.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,4/19/2012,526,986,2,15,11>I went to this restaurant weeks ago, and this review is so overdue, because I wanted it to be perfect.The entire experience here was definitely memorable, from the time I walked in the door until the time I left.  I arrived with a friend and I was immediately impressed by the fact that there was a valet.  It was a cold night and we definitely didn't feel like doing the "park and walk", so valet was perfect.  We walked in and sat at the bar as we waited for our table to be ready.  There was a piano player/singer in the bar area and we had a good time sitting and listening to him sing classic Christmas songs.  The music could also be heard throughout our meal.For an appetizer we decided to have the gumbo, which was a special that night and for my meal I had the pan fried drum which was amazing.  I was tempted to try a steak, since they are dry aged in house.  I guess now I just have an excuse to one day go back and try one.While I was here I got to try Bananas Foster for the first time and it was amazing.  They make it right in front of you, which turns out to be an amazing show.Everyone here is so professional and nice and helpful.  At one point, I wanted to go to the restroom to freshen up and the waiter actually let me take his arm and led me there.  The wait staff was extremely attentive and knowledgeable and really went out of their way to make sure that we had a memorable experience.I would definitely go back to Delmonico and I would absolutely bring someone here who is visiting from out of town.  It's definitely the "old, classic" New Orleans that people want to experience whether they are just visiting or they have lived here their entire lives.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,4/18/2012,1085,123,18,19,13>This is where I introduced my mom to po' boys in all their mighty crusted delicioutude...I brought her and my stepdad here when they visited from Washington state during Carnival. It was a tough decision, deciding just what would be their first ever po' boy experience, but I'm a huge fan of Guy's grilled shrimp po' boys and felt my mom would love them too, more so than something fried or involving roast beef or ham or whatever because she loves fresh seafood.So that was the plan, but a pleasant surprise greeted us however, in their special for the day which was called simply "The Bomb". This was a po' boy made not only with grilled shrimp, but also with catfish, and covered in melted swiss and cheddar. Eat this motherloving sandwich! Eat the motherloving hell out of it!I know what you're going to ask.Scott, did you love your special sandwich enough to introduce to your parents? Yes. Yes I did. And they welcomed the special sandwich with open hearts and expect nothing less than future special grandsandwiches.Final verdict from my mom...Scott's Mom: "It's about time you settled down with a nice sandwich. You're not getting any younger you know."
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,4/17/2012,58,144,5,6,5>"Those are good burgers, Walter.""Shut the fuck up Donny."Seriously though,  it IS a good burger.  Fresh, local ground beef and very lean.  So lean in fact, when my husband ordered it well-done, the chef came out and asked him if it would be OK if she cooked in medium to maintain the moistness. I had mine with bleu cheese and bacon.  I topped it with the agogo sauce and their home-made ketchup. Both sauces were great.  Agogo is like Sriracha spiked mayonnaise (mhhhh, Sriracha). The fries were also excellent. The first time I went I had the mixed green salad and clam chowder.  The chowder was a little thin, but the taste was all there.  Best tasting chowder I've had in a while.The staff is all very friendly and attentive.  I love the ambiance and I appreciate they try to stick to local ingredients.BYOB and you'll be set for a great meal.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,4/15/2012,56,171,,7,7>The Blue Tomato is one of my favorite go to places.  Be it Mexican, Italian or a big 'ole burger, this place can make it all wonderfully delicious!The waitresses provide personality and quick service...very friendly.  Portions here are more than adequate...you will not leave hungry and will likely need to unbottom your bottom before getting up from the table.  Some of my recommendations include:  the grilled tuna; burgers; enchiladas; fish tacos and carnitas are my usual rotation.  It's sooooo good, you'll be planning the order for your next visit before you finish your meal.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,4/14/2012,154,280,2,9,4>One of the best, most amazing wedding presents ever was bought from this kitschy shop of wonders, by me, for a friend. They raved about it so much it became our go-to wedding gift for everyone... and then birthdays, and anniversaries!  That gift is a wooden, wine bottle holder. A simple curved piece of wood with a hole at one end for the neck. It balances the bottle on it side in such a way that it's a truly fantastic work of art. Grab a bottle of wine to go with it and you're golden.I also like to buy all my friends' kids the train whistle from here. It's the coolest sounding one I've ever heard. They have all kinds of nifty, original, traditional toys for kids here. They have so many unique & interesting puzzles, carvings, and instruments! I love the wooden simplicity of everything. It's hard not to spend hours touching and playing with everything in the store.Although, it is a tad bit expensive, the "ideas" the artists come up with are all so original and you can tell a lot of work & craftsmanship went into each item, I feel the price is well worth it. Even if you're not in the mood to buy, it's definitely a fun, wooden, sensory overload.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,4/13/2012,120,120,,11,5>New Orleanians are passionate about their favorite poboy place- mine is Parkway. If I am craving a shrimp poboy, this is where I go. Parkway's poboys are overflowing with delicious medium-sized fried shrimp (not tiny shrimp that you might find elsewhere). They also have a great roast beef poboy, arguably one of the best in the city. If I'm splurging, I like to get a side of sweet potato fries. The atmosphere is very casual- order at the counter in back, and choose from three dining areas- outside on picnic tables, inside in the back, or in the bar area in front. Personally, I like to eat in the bar; if you're lucky, they'll put fresh strawberries in your Abita Strawberry. If you're visiting New Orleans, skip the line at Mother's and take a cab (or the Canal streetcar + walk) to Parkway.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,4/12/2012,148,326,5,7,5>I'm not a salon kind of girl. Now that everyone has picked themselves off the floor after that startling revelation, I'll continue. I went to get a pedicure last weekend after a friend suggested that she desperately needed one and I agreed that it had been awhile since my feet had received the appropriate TLC. She made an appointment for Saturday afternoon at Aristocat. It is right on Canal next to a convenience store which had me second guessing our choice, but after reading all the Yelp reviews I should have known we had nothing to fear. The salon is an oasis from the outside world! The décor is very attractive and makes for a calm yet professional atmosphere. The staff is great. Both Van and Jenny were so upbeat and hysterical. They provided us with a great treatment and tried (repeatedly for me) to get us to relax as much as possible. By the end of our pedicures, we were all chatting about things like we had been friends for years. With our newly gorgeous feet and relaxed minds, my friend and I stuck around even after our paint was dry to chat with the girls and owner Cat about the salon. Cat gave us coupons and also told us about upcoming events that the salon was holding. Overall a professional and energetic staff made for a relaxing girls' afternoon out. I will be back to try more services in the future.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,4/11/2012,162,269,9,22,11>Deep down in my soul, I want to be an elite bike snob. In reality, I'm a fat girl who doesn't know enough about bikes to be a snob...but I do know that I lust after really elite bikes. After a tragic (and all too brief) love affair between my front tire and a stretch of abandoned trolley tracks on Erato St, I was the proud owner of an unrideable bike. Even with a trued wheel, my confidence was shot. My sweet old roadie and I were no more. So the fat, scardy bike lover started a hunt for a replacement ride to get me back on the road. I stalked bike websites, made lists, and visited shops to scope out my prospective investment. Each bike--no matter how wonderful on the internet--wasn't working for me in-person. I resigned myself to buying a bike that I just didn't love, until a friend encouraged me to visit one last shop. Since I raved and drooled over Globe bikes, my friend thought it prudent to actually SEE some Globe bikes. The Globe shop in town? Bayou Bikes. As this review may have indicated already, I'm a pain in the ass. I'm annoying and opinionated and full of pointed questions. Salespeople really don't love dealing with me because I need to know EVERYTHING. Oh, and I'm a total snob-face. (Does this make me a hipster?)Anyway. Bayou is a bit of a hike from my digs, and it's not like I can hop in my car to visit. So I called. The salesdude seriously spent 30 minutes on the phone with me, answering the first round of my questions. Wow. He encouraged me to come by and actually ride a few bikes, because riding is believing. (It's true. If you have a chance to ride bikes before you buy, please do.) It's worth noting here that he didn't brush me off on the phone with a flip "just come in and ride the bikes instead of asking me" tone. He actually answered my questions without trying to pull me into the shop.My field-trip out to Bayou Bikes was...unexpected. It's a huge, warehouse-style space that's dark and cool inside, with rows of beautiful bikes waiting for a commuter to take them for a run. On the left is an accessory wall that blows every other shop in this city out of the water. The depth and breadth of both bike-branded (Electra, for example) and independent merch (Knog, for one) is stunning. I was enchanted by all the possibilities. Oh, and in the right front corner? They have a basket closet. It's an alcove devoted exclusively to baskets. You want basket options? Bayou Bikes has basket options. In terms of stock, their bikes focus on Globe, Specialized, and Electra. There isn't a lot of overlap between those three brands, which opens up Bayou's stock a lot. They have roadies, cruisers, cargo bikes, high-end beaters, and a vague category I call "city bikes." Their target audience seems to be people who use their bikes for transportation, be it low-and-slow to bars or brisk rides to work. The other, really outstanding part of being at Bayou was the empathy and general Not Douchy behavior from the sales staff. When I explained that I'm going through an annoying phase where I'm both a snob and scared of riding, my salesdude didn't push me to try bikes I balked at. He suggested bikes that would be a great compromise for my needs. He had a general attitude of, "Everyone falls, and everyone shakes. It's okay to need some help getting back on the road." And he pointed out that most people who are in love with bikes own multiple bikes, without guilt. Truth. I now own two road-worthy bikes, and I don't need to apologize. Turns out that's allowed. Who knew? Bayou, like other bike shops, encourages customers to take a turn on their prospective bikes in the parking lot...or further. (On their website, they mention test rides on Bayou St. John. And they mean it!) I spun a few different bikes through the lot and up Toulouse St, getting a feel for the power and speed. The shaded faux porch in front of the shop makes adjustments pleasant, even in our sultry August heat. The general sales experience was so low-pressure, so pleasant. I could have walked away without purchasing anything, no hard feelings. I did buy that day because, yes, I did fall in love with a new bike. A quick cruise through the accessory wall meant a pile of little things to make the bike really mine (new grips, fenders, a bell, a flasher, mounted locks) as well as installation time. The bike was promised in a scant 24 hours later, with all of my bells and whistles attached. Picking up the next day was seamless, perfect, wonderful. The ladywife and I supped at Parkway Bakery (a block away) and had a leisurely bike parade back to our part of the city. I don't love that my chosen bike shop is a heck of a hike from where I live, but I do adore my shop enough to make the hike. Accessibility notes: Door opens in. Small curb in front of the shop. Interior is dim. Floor layout is open, although some customers with mobility devices may have problems. High counter. Unpredictable loud noises from mechanics area.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/26/2012,42,99,1,14,9>At $7.2 million, the space is absolutely breathtaking.  Sophisticated yet unpretentious throughout.  There are several dining rooms all connected by pocket doors. One is even tastefully modeled after the old Solari's on Royal, featuring hanging meats and pickled vegetables in cases.  We were seated in the center parlor, which features murals depicting colonial New Orleans in beautifully muted tones.  The wide leather chairs are very comfortable, inviting you to a leisurely dining experience.  Our head waiter, Eric, was very friendly, knowledgeable and professional.  I think the best way to describe Restaurant Re'evolution goes like this: imagine all the best attributes of all of the Brennan restaurants melded together, and you get this unbelievable place.  I described it to James and Pam as "Commander's on mescaline." Must have apps: Death by Gumbo- it arrives covered with a silver lid- a server uncovers the lid while another server places the stuffed quail in the bowl.  I have gumbo in my blood, and this was the best I've ever had.  We also had the sizzling Oysters Re'evolution and the Beer Battered Crab Beignets with four remoulades.  Both of these were equally excellent.For entrees we had Sheep Ricotta Gnocchi with Lobster with Vanilla, Tarragon, Lobster Roe- amazing and perfect.  The Crawfish-stuffed Flounder Napoleon overArtichoke and Oyster Stew with fried Crawfish Boulettes was outstanding.  We also had the Petite Filet, which was the best I've ever tasted.  For sides, the Creole Cream Cheese Potatoes, Dirty Wild Rice, and Grilled Asparagus with Parmesan Espuma (whipped up into a foam) were all incredible.  I don't typically like Asparagus but I loved it here.At this point the meal was completely out of control in a very good way.  Here comes the waiter with a giant lidded cart containing about 20 varieties of cheese from all over the world.  At this point, I don't remember what we picked specifically, but they were great.  One was of a brie consistency made with Goat's milk by John Folse.  A note about service: I have to add that there were about 20 different servers doing different things for our table under Eric's supervision- french service at it's finest, and not intrusive or distracting at all.  Service was amazingly flawless throughout the meal considering the restaurant recently opened.For dessert: Banana Cream Pie à la Mode with-Butterscotch Pudding, Lemon Buttermilk Sherbet, Burnt Caramel Foster Sauce, -Coffee and Beignets Chicory Mocha Pot de Crème,Coffee-infused Beignets, Black Fig Jam-White Chocolate Bread Pudding Crème Bruleé Lemon-scented Apricots, Salted Bourbon Caramel SauceAll of it was as tasty as it sounds.As if we weren't stuffed enough, here comes some Profiteroles for my birthday, which were wonderful... and then the waiter brings over what looks like a jewelry box filled with about a dozen different house-made candies.All of the above were a fresh and unique take on some of our classic creole and cajun dishes.  It was definitely the best birthday dinner I've had and the three of us agreed it was the best meal of our lives.  You know that's not a saying people who live to dine throw around lightly, and it's the truth.  Afterwards, Eric gave us a tour of the whole restaurant, which is so stunning that it's surreal. The whole experience was like a dream.  I'm still pinching myself.  A huge THANK YOU to my sweet mother-in-law Pam for taking us there for my birthday.  I'll remember it forever.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,8/25/2012,151,90,4,18,7>First impressions are everything. Most of the time. I asked people in my social networks if they've tried this place yet, but Little Korea was pretty new (the server said they just opened a few days ago. the owners are Korean, just FYI). I've also never eaten at a Korean restaurant in Louisiana. Ever. So please don't ask me to compare it to Korea House or The Wandering Buddha...AtmosphereThe music playing is Korean music, naturally. Big windows and cool lighting fixtures make this little place hip, comfortable, and casual. I think it's a good size; you don't feel too out in the open or too close to the next table. Brown and pink is definitely not a color palette I'm used to for a restaurant; it reminds me of a bakery (Sprinkle to be exact). FoodWe ordered korean ribs and dumplings, and some other food... I really can't remember because my friends ordered the food before I got there. However, overall, the ribs were great, but I loved the dumplings! They weren't steamed, though, but I still liked the crunchiness and flavor. The Korean ribs weren't too chewy or hard, so eating it didn't stress me out (lol). I wasn't too fond of the side dishes (each person got a plate of 3 things), but what can I say... I never really liked kimchi to begin with -- I know! it's blasphemy, but I've tried so many times to like kimchi :[ and thumbs up for the rice for not being too sticky ^_^ServiceThere are a few things they missed here and there, but it's not a big deal. They were still attentive and accommodating. The bus boy refilled my water only once though :( Why 4 starsOverall, I liked everything, but it has so much potential to become well-established. I look forward to dining here again. On another note, I feel perfectly safe dining here, but maybe that's because I was here in broad daylight where vampires can't get to me (unless it's the Cullens, then we'd really have a problem).
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,8/24/2012,419,77,8,3,2>It is what it is. A guilty pleasure den of many things to satiate the fat boy in all of us. A cornucopia of late night snacks to cure most cravings. Not bad, but awful for you, but they make it up to you with fast service and a friendly smile.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,8/23/2012,40,138,5,7,7>I came here with friends, to see what's the fuss;I'd been to its sister; that wasn't a plus.But I'd been told it was different; new and exciting.So try it I would, then sit down; and start writing.My cocktail was fresh; Beauregard was its name.Bourbon, orange with mint; destined to have fame.My spouse had a wine, light yellow was its color.Chardonnay was the type, price was only five dollar.Grilled Oysters to start, with garlic and butter;Popped one in my mouth, my heart went a-flutter.The entree was shrimp, andouille it was stuffed.Green beans fresh and crisp, the potatoes were fluffed.The prices are high, but portions are large.You'll head out all filled, or bring home to Marge.The downsides were few, the views of the Street Car;We'll return to this place.  Superior Seafood will go far.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,8/22/2012,13,91,5,10,6>I walked in to the new Fresh Market store at St Charles and Louisiana this morning during the grand opening. While I'm a big fan of our local Breaux Mart, Fresh Market is a few blocks closer to me.  The store reminds me of Whole Foods, and has a large fresh meat, poultry and seafood area.  There is also a nice produce section, fresh sushi bar, bakery and a cool 2nd floor with beer, wine and a nice sized area of table to sit and have lunch or a snack.  Overall, the prices were a little higher than Breaux Mart, but pretty comparable to Rouses or Robert's. I paid 6.99 lb for Turkey Breast, 2.99 lb for fresh, free range never frozen chicken breast( a great deal), 2.98 lb for grapes, and 1.99 lb for creole tomatoes. Overall, I'm giving it a four stars. The only thing I didn't like is the large plastic containers they put my sliced turkey and cheese in. They are cumbersome and I prefer paper rather than plastic.So I just couldn't stand it... I went back this early evening when I had more time..and I PIGGED OUT!  I tried the sorbet(Lemoncello basil is to die for), gelato was sweet, the apple pie tastes like momma's, the tomato bacon pasta, is... well I ordered a half pound to fix with our dinner tonight and ate all of it as soon as I got home...After a long day of work, the employees all seemed so nice and friendly. I really like the place and will definitely got back.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,8/21/2012,19,46,11,6,7>Having recently moved into a place a couple of blocks from the Rampart Food Store, it was just a matter of time before my culinary curiosity kicked in.  My first time in,  I was greeted by a row of dusty seasonings, vegetable oils, and a very cute small child who turned around, saw me, and exclaimed, "WHOOAA!"  and smiled really big.  I guess he wasn't used to seeing ghostly pale guys with long black hair, but I though it was cute.  A quick perusal of the store and its merchandise made me think this was the NOLA equivalent of the bodega from "Half Baked."  Then I remembered why I came in.  Oh yeah, food.  I ordered a couple of burgers, took them home, ate them, and thought, "Wow.  That kinda sucked, but for $3 a piece, not too terrible."  But while I was waiting for the food to cook, I noticed a NY Times article on the wall that recommended the shrimp po-boy.  Mental note:  taken.  Diana C. already linked the article, so I don't have to.       So, I returned a few days later to try this po-boy.  After all, there's no excuse for the NY Times to know more about po-boys in my 'hood than I do.  This settled the debate regarding who makes the best po-boys:  Italians or Cajuns.  Turns out it's Asians.  My love of Cajun Seafood on Claiborne already informed me that Asians boil some mean crawfish, but po-boys too?  Casians, maybe, or is that wishful thinking from my partly Cajun self?  That shrimp po-boy has been described ad nauseum in the other reviews, so I'll just mention how exciting it is to have such a great sammich a couple of blocks from my pad for only $6.  This trip was even more amusing.  The store was mostly dark.  Some guy came in and asked why the lights were off, and the cashier said in broken English, "It save money."         The customer, apparently a regular visitor, asked, "Didn't pay the light bill?  You know they cut 'em off when you don't pay the bill."          "No. Power no off. See?  Cooler on.  We just save money."   That's awesome.        But wait!  There's more!  There was also a young woman wandering around the whole time I was waiting trying to buy as much as she could for as little as possible.  She went to the order window and selected which piece of chicken she wanted, bought it, and continued to shop and inquire about prices at the top of her voice.  She pointed to an Ohana soda and asked how much it was.         "79 cents," I said less to be helpful than to be snarky.  The price is printed in large print near the top of the can.         She repeated the question until the cashier replied, "82 cent."       "He said 79 cent.  I like his price better."       Now thoroughly amused, I remarked that I didn't include sales tax.  HAHA.  I love this place.  Once again, this place is cash only.  What does this city have against plastic anyway?
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,8/20/2012,137,178,3,7,5>I am so happy that this theatre exists. It is the *only* movie theatre that I can access on my bike.Went here with two of my friends yesterday to see the Hunger Games. My friend F had been very excited about this movie and the preview looked interesting, so I decided to go see the film with her. We bought our tickets in advance, which I think was a very good idea. When I got there, F had already retrieved our tickets from the box office and D was inside saving our seats already, but when we left after our showing, we saw people lined up around the block for the next showing.Before the movie begins, they play the funniest clip that says to go to the lobby and get a snack. Then we had one preview, and the movie started. No time wasted.It did get a little annoying with the people who couldn't stay in their seats, probably because it's not stadium seating, but that's a minor annoyance I can deal with for the convenient location and the cheap matinee price of this theatre.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,8/19/2012,93,281,3,6,4>Impressive artistic designs with New Orleans being the foundation for the creations. Great customer service on a friendly personal level. There is a program based on what you spend that will activate a future discount on new purchases.Large dog on the premises that will attack shoplifters but to regular citizens like me is one very friendly canine. Another fantastic New Orleans store on Magazine St. that should keep you happy and contented with your unique jewelry selections.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/18/2012,161,103,,8,5>I came  here for a friend's birthday dinner during happy hour. All pzzas, wine, and cocktails are all half priced!We had a large group that day so we decided to order a bunch of pizzas for everyone to try out. I am in love with this place because of their pizza now! I am not too crazy for pizza in general, but this place changed my mind about that.we got the: PROSCIUTTO                    GORGONZOLA                     QUATTRO FORMAGGI                     WILD MUSHROOM (my favorite, cause of the added egg in the middle)They weren't overly greasy like most pizzas. Also I loved how each pizza had it's own unique taste to it. There were other pizzas too, but of course I forgot. I must come back here! half off pizzas and drinks? C'mon, it can't get any better than that.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/17/2012,22,200,2,6,5>Great Coffee + cute location/vibe + friendly staff = awesome go to coffee houseA friend suggested we check this place out.  We went and we were the only ones there so it must be flying under everyone's radar.  I got a medium Mocha and we sat outside on their brick patio.  Our coffee was brought out to us and it was awesome!  My soy mocha was great and it came in a mug so no wasteful to-go cup!  They have a sun room and plenty of seating inside as well.  A good amount of books and snacks too.  I highly recommend this new gem!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,11/9/2010,152,91,2,4,2>For what it advertises, it is indeed as good as it gets. The bulldog is one of our favorite spots for several reasons. One, we can bring the pooch. Our pup loves the special attention he gets here as do we. You should note that they are only allowed outside though. The Libations: The beer is excellent, they don't call themselves draft freaks for nothing. Glasses are perfectly chilled, beer is perfectly poured, bartenders are appropriately knowledgable. You even get to take home your glasses on Wednesdays! The Food: The cheese fries are excellent and everything else is just pub food, but who cares when you are allowed to bring in outside food from anywhere! Grab a muffellata from Regginellis next door or a bag of boiled crawfish from Big Fisherman caddy corner and you're set!WARNING! If you're trying to bring your dog and it's a Wednesday night, beware! It's packed Wednesday nights for pint night. Still enjoyable, just a heads up.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,11/8/2010,257,566,3,9,3>Upon purchasing our first house, I realized that there was one thing missing from apartment life... scheduled pest control service. I decided to do some research and pick a local company to take care of this for me. They sent me a quote both via phone and email, which was incredibly helpful. Lewis came out to our house for an inspection and initial treatment. This was only $125 for the first visit and he was great! Apparently, each subsequent one under their quarterly program is only $75, which I think is a great bargain for knowing that I won't have to see any creepy crawlies around here. Ick. Great experience this time around, and I assume it will be equally great next time!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,11/7/2010,123,22,4,4,4>This restaurant is literally across the street from my house, and so I've been there a few times. The people that run it are super nice, and all of the staff are friendly and very knowledgeable. The atmosphere is cozy but with a good energetic vibe that's not too crazy. They're open for Friday lunch and Sunday brunch, both of which I highly recommend.  The dinner menu is awesome too.They take reservations through open table. If the weather's nice you should request the outside table. That way you can look at my house, and if I come out wave to me!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,11/6/2010,61,97,4,5,5>Oh pho!  My heart beats faster at just the mention of your name!  Syllables o deliciousity!I've been a fan since my old bosses took me to the midcity store before the storm.  Imagine my dismay upon returning here only to find that my new neighborhood no longer held my comfort food destination.And this is my comfort food.  If I'm upset or sick for any reason I just have to frive over the bridge, catch the right exit, and drive into that deserted looking strip mall area to sit down to a meal that is gauranteed to bring at least a half smile to my face.I have taken so many out of towners here it's incredible.  I always warn them about how it looks like I'm driving them into some sort of west bank ghetto but that they will be amazed and thrilled with their food.  They never really belive me when walking in but they have raved over afterwards.  My mother is always depressed during her christmas visit when they close for the holliday week.  My sister ate her full pho at the restaurant and then attacted her bun upon arriving home because she just couldn't wait... her fullness be damned!  The other volunteers have begun stopping here without us dragging them... even going so far as bribing us to drive on over.This is seriously the only reason I will happily drive to the west bank without looking for reward... this is the reward.When I can go in to a restaurant and order an app, an entree, and my favorite non alchoholic drink and pay for everything and a decent tip for under $20 and the food is amazing I often feel I've opened the door to heaven.The buns are amazing... fresh, tasty, perfect weather you're a spice freak or just a purist like me.  Throw on the eggrolls for an extra thrill and their char broil is amazing.  The spring rolls and peanut sauce are the stuff of fantasy.  And of course a soda chan always makes my day.  And the pho ap chay is amazing as well as the beef dish that's extremely similiar (that sauce is enough to make me drool).  The pho itself is perfect for the chill in the air and curing what ails you.  I have numerous times almost gone for the fresh squeezed lime juice... but as I said soda chan is my favorite thing ever.  And the coffee!  Oh lord the coffee!  My heart may explode even thinking about it......  how I could go on....I've never tried the friend rices, but have heard rave reviews.  Never had the ban mi's either... but I know I will when I'm ready to branch out a bit more.  They look and smell fanastic and we usually wrap one up for someone who has requested we pick up for them when they can't go with.As has been said before the decor is rather utilitariun... but who cares?  You're there for the amazing food.  And I always enjou sitting next to strangers when I'm at the big tables, it's always nice to meet someone new.  Bring cash if you're going in a big group... the owner lady does NOT like to split checks on credit cards and will sometimes refuse.  The wait staff are really nice though and her husband and son are super friendly.  The bathrooms aren't specacular... but they are clean.  As is the entire restaurant.  The food always comes out fast and as it's cooked so you may not all start at the same time.  And I didn't know this til a few months ago, but if you ask they'll give you silverware... I just enjoy chopsticks far too much.  Oh.. and celebrity watching is always interesting.  Rumor has it this is steven segal's favorite restaurant and I've seen ani difranco here a couple of time, and her daughter, enjoying more than a bit of bun.  Plus random occasional other recognizable faces from tv and the like... not that it'sin any way a reason to go.  Just an interesting fact to go with all of the other amazing facts.I love you pho....I do wish you would come back across the river though.... I would like to be able to walk to your front door.... I might just end up living there...
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,11/5/2010,22,29,3,9,4>I write this review from my officeplace while craving a shrimp po'boy.  I should have been forewarned before my first Ignatius trip as to the size of their po'boys. The massive number of grilled shrimp were bursting out of the sandwich wrapper.  I am never one to complain about generous portions, but there is no way to gracefully eat a po'boy here.  Best not to wear clothes that you don't want stained.  My boyfriend's roast beef po'boy was even larger than mine!A restaurant also wins me over when it serves Barq's in a glass bottle.  Barqs and a po boy is the perfect NOLA lunch.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,11/4/2010,26,23,3,5,4>I recently had a wonderful experience with Papier Plume that warranted a yelp review.I was given a pen by a friend whose father is a pen manufacturer. The fountain pen that I received was somehow dysfunctional, but I didn't want to call my friend and complain... as it was a generous gift and I didn't want to appear unappreciative. I went over to Papier Plume, (which admittedly my family has purchased many things from) and informed them of the issue with the pen. They spent a solid week tracking down the necessary parts and emailed and called me with updates. I was extremely impressed with their professionalism. This is the kind of service that you find where people really care about their product and service.I was a fan of this place before, but now I would refer anyone I know to their little gem of a shop.If you have a pen need or problem, give these guys a call.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,11/3/2010,24,43,3,6,3>My favorite clothing store in New Orleans by far. After shopping all the "cool" neighbourhood, its a fact, the best area is Marigny if you're vegetarian, not a 'tourist type' visitor or into street fashion at all. Gnome had an amazing selection of canvas shoes from $10! (this is new stuff people) and I got several shirts off their sale rack that I will treasure till they rot off me. I'm especially fond of their UZI selection, me and my boyfriend bought 4 of those alone. Sunglasses, jewelry, shoes and a bag of tees for under $100 and I will be back again and again. Friendliest staff ever, helpful and interested.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,11/2/2010,98,1428,14,16,13>The street car is as close as New Orleans will ever get to a real light rail system. That being said, it is a wonderful treat for locals and a great touristy thing for visitors. If your a local, I suggest parking at the foot of Carrolton (by the river)early in the morning. Grab breakfast at the Camellia Grill and then ride up St. Charles and take in the scenery. Once you've had your fill, head back to the foot of Carrolton, go to Cooter Brown's and drink some beer. When I was a kid I attended a birthday party on a streetcar. It was incredible. The RTA will rent you a private streetcar for a party or event. I am sure it is expensive, but you will have a great time. Its a long story and I wont incriminate myself with the details, but I got the chance to drive a streetcar one day. It was on the riverfront line and it is one of the coolest things I have been able to do. The tourists who got on may have been scared but it was still awesome.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,11/1/2010,9,24,7,7,4>Butcher will be the death of me.  It will lead me down a path of meat worship that is no good for anyone.  It's meat/pig-primacy aesthetic combined with it's damn-factor (as in every bite of smoked or cured pig parts makes you go "damn") will do that.  And I will have heart disease and die.  And I won't care because, damn.They know how to smoke pork perfectly and make high-end bbq, and they understand that bacon just makes everything better.  They also make a mean sazerac.  And they don't care that leaving a decimated pig belly-up next to the bathroom might freak some people out.  I try to save meat-eating for special occasions and what not, but if someone asks me to go to Butcher, I will every time.  And then I will die.  Happy.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,10/31/2010,149,410,2,6,3>Best barbecue in the South. That's right! Way better than Alabama (Dreamland, Full Moon.) Get the ribs. Good lord they are amazing!!But then again everything is good! For sides I like the beans and potato salad. The pot salad is a bit bland but has egg. Beans aren't that special but good enough. The sides are definitely overshadowed by the greatest meats ever!! I don't recommend the Mac and Cheese.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,11/18/2012,36,300,3,6,4>The Black Cat is a cool little place for some good Mexican style food.  (  I refuse to get into the whole "Aunthentic versus non Authentic BS argument....is it good or not is all that matters).  The place is little with only about 10 tables inside.  There are a few tables outside in the front and another 4 tables in the courtyard out back.  Beware though sitting outside will have you singing "La Cucaracha" as this is New Orleans and I think they are the official state insect.  The inside has no such issues so eat without any worries.The food is really good with really good ingredients.  I mean Filet Mignon tacos!  We started off with the table side guacamole.  They cut the avacados, added the pico de gallo, and limes all together right in front of us.  You cannot get much fresher than that!  I had the chicken mole which was completely different than anything I have ever eaten.  Delicious.  There are tons of different tequillas and margaritas to chose from.  All the margaritas are made with fresh fruit.  My girfriend got a pineapple and cilantro margarita which was good but a tad too sweet for me.  There is even a 175.00 shot of tequilla if you are a complete moron who has too much money to waste.  Overall a really good place to eat, I just wish Mexican food didn't always come with the usual bland rice and beans everytime.  Do Mexicans not have other side items?  No vegtables in the entire country?
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,11/17/2012,37,103,5,7,5>I like being told what to eat.  My original order of dol sat bibimbop was overruled by what I assume was the owner.  "You like short ribs?  We'll give you short ribs."  Yes, ma'am.  Sure, I like short ribs just fine, but my favorite part of any Korean meal is the assortment of small plates and fun fermented goodies.  They served me a good one made with glass noodles, sesame oil and black tree ear mushroom, which I was told is typically a holiday dish.  The kimchi definitely had kid gloves on, though.  Could have used some more punch from the fermented chilis. Open less than a week and the place was packed at lunch.  Fast service, fair prices.  I will give them many more opportunities to tell me what to eat.  In fact, I look forward to it.  If I could afford to live in the fancy nouveau Magnolia housing projects right across the street I would eat here all the time.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,11/16/2012,419,77,,8,4>Well so far, not so good, took 13 mins to be greeted by a hostess that said my server would be with me Soon. I ordered the Philly sandwich and garlic fries. I felt weird ordering a pizza by myself.  The sesame seed roll the sandwich is on is nice and fresh and there is a great amount of steak with a nice amount of veggies and cheese. I'm quite delighted actually.  The garlic fries are kind of light on the garlic and the roast beef poboy lover in me is longing for some gravy here, or really any sort of dipping sauce.  The decor is modern and simple and there is a nice view through the massive four windows on the south side of the building. The music is a bit out of place. As I'm writing this, the sever Hollyn, recommends that I try the fries with some ranch and jalapeño! Nice.the prices here are moderate, especially the wine list. 5 bucks for a glass 15 a bottle...for everything. All in all , I'll be back. I hear the bread pudding is incredible. I need to try it, but not today.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,11/15/2012,40,138,12,11,10>The Falafel aren't awful, in fact they're divine. Gyros and Shawarma, but they don't serve wine. Tabouli and Kibby, tea with nuts pine. Kebabs off the grill, it's here you must dine.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,11/14/2012,52,242,5,9,6>my first time here was outstanding!Kyle was our server, and he allowed me to sample two wines, since i know absolutely NOTHING about wine (i like communion wine if that says anything).i ended up enjoying a glass of Moscato, so at least now i know what to go to if at a wine place. we ordered a four cheese pizza: EXCELLENT. nice thin, crispy crust.also shrimp pesto fettuccine.. amazing.Mondays they have half off bottles of wine! my friend enjoyed that.anyway, the ambiance is exquisite, and would be a great place to go if you want to be secluded outside.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,11/13/2012,97,145,,9,5>I am a huge Chris de Barr fan and will follow him to any restaurant he goes to! I first discovered his food at the Green Goddess which became my favorite restaurant in all of New Orleans.  The food is creative, inventive, unusual, and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  I feel like there are always things on the menu that sound like they would normally clash- like mushroom bread pudding (at Green Goddess) or lamb baklava (at Serendipity) but turn out to have such a surprisingly wonderful balance of savory flavors.  Some of my favorites at this restaurant are:The grilled peaches appetizer- with bacon and bleu cheeseThe ravioli that are made out of beetsLamb BaklavaTuna and watermelon skewers, andFoie Gras dessert.I mean, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu and their growing cocktail list is always fun.It's only been open for a short time but I've already been a handful of times! Delicious.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,11/12/2012,48,200,3,9,4>Stumbled into this superb gem hidden in the quarter a couple of years ago (2008 I think)Anytime you have a place that makes all sorts of different sandwiches on Croissant you are doing something well IMO. Chicken Salad on croissant? I've died and gone to heaven.Quiche Lorraine? YESWill I be back here again.......hell YES
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,11/10/2012,95,242,3,5,2>Overall - a nice experience! There were more then 15 of us in the party - so we were seated in the little alcove in the back (the one behind the piano). This was nice because we were isolated in a little world of our own. The unfortunate thing was that this also meant the service was a bit in a world of its own too... The waitress was quite sweet and helpful with suggestions, but she forgot drinks, brought food to the wrong diner, switched bills/credit cards, and didn't bring our cards back after bills for like 25 min or so. These things aren't the end of the world, but little things make the difference. Points for whomever came by and apologized to one of my friends for forgetting his drink earlier in the evening and giving it to him on the house. Also points for the great opera singers who made an effort to sing in various parts of the restaurant. We had a lovely serenade during the evening. It was quite clear that they took their craft very seriously. The food was yummy and cooked well. I had salmon with crab piled on top resting on a bed of wilted spinach (I think). I loved the salmon since it had been cooked to perfection - but they covered the lovely crispy outside with the crab and it got soggy. In addition, the crab was nice in size, but didn't really have a taste - which is too bad in my opinion. BF got grilled shrimp and scallops - he states that "it was yummy." A few friends got the fried soft shell crab, which looked well cooked. However, there was not a lot of consistency with the plates. All in all, it was a bit expensive for my taste, but I think I might come back again with a smaller party.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,11/9/2012,100,147,6,6,4>Went back to Maurepas a few weeks ago, and once again had a pretty nice time. My only real complaint was that damn cheese plate, which is WAY too small. We got the large plate, split it between four people, and they brought out five small slices of bread. Requested more bread (they were kind enough to oblige) and got four more small slices. With four or five different types of cheese on the plate - even given the very tiny portions - how are four people supposed to use five pieces of bread about the size of a Triscuit and a half to each have a taste of each of the cheeses? The answer: it doesn't happen. It might be possible in some universe, but in our situation we gave up after the second bread supply ran out and ate the rest of the cheese with forks and knives. Not too weird if you're at home, alone, devouring a half pound of brie and watching chick flicks, but a bit weird at a dinner party with your significant other's boss. Luckily, after this second irritating round with the cheese plate, my nerves were suitably assuaged by the next thing to hit the table - my helping of grits. Thoughts at the time included "OMFG, are these really grits?" This was quickly followed by, "No, other diners, you can't have any, and stop asking before I get stabby." They're that good. Great, now I'm craving grits again.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,11/8/2012,216,410,2,5,4>The owners pain stakingly taste -tested everything in their store which is nice if you want to try something new -they have first hand experience!    I was impressed with the prices and selection. They have something for every budget. At first I thought they may be high end only because of the location but it wasn't the case. Very friendly customer service. They also have cool accompaniments that you may not find elsewhere.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,3/10/2012,37,103,2,6,3>I quit Elmwood about 2 years ago to join Nola Fit. By paying in advance the price per month worked out to less than the Elmwood membership, but the location for me is far better. The weight room on the second floor has a great balcony over Magazine St. (good for fresh air between sets). The layout is spacious and has everything you really need (squat rack, bench press, dumbbells) and a whole lot of other machines and levers and inclines and pulleys that I wouldn't know what to do with but I'm glad are there. Weights should only have one distinguishing quality: be heavy. Cardio equipment on the other hand can run the gamut from total crap infomercial garbage to top-of-the-line training equipment. Nola Fit has the good stuff. Brand new, high-end treadmills, elliptical, and Espresso "virtual reality" exercise bikes. I was really into those bikes until Nola Fit's subscription ran out and they no longer had access to the Espresso server to track your workouts and keep logs online -- but that in itself is a minor quibble that only serves to indicate how high-tech their cardio room is. If it burns calories, doesn't break down, and is never so occupied that you can't get a machine, then the cardio room is a good one. There is a rock climbing "tread-wall" in the interior courtyard (think vertical treadmill for climbing). I love it, and no other place around has it. That item alone sold me on this gym. I'd like to see the steam room get repaired, as it has been out of service for over a year now. I can't offer any opinion regarding the massage, spray tanning, or body building supplements offered. I don't go to the gym to "sculpt guns" or get a "situation" of any kind... I go to pay penance for my gluttony and keep from becoming an obese mess (as the food in New Orleans is wont to do).
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,3/9/2012,62,70,2,8,8>I usually don't run right home and write a review on a place, but this time I need to capture how bad of a day I was having, and how much this sweet lady, Meg, made it better. I am notorious for hating to shop, and really wasn't looking forward to having to stand under some unflattering fluorescent lights, trying on 500 different things, in 6 diffrent sizes. Oh, did I mention that I had my 2 year old daughter in tow? Haha. That usually results in some fairly rude sales people.Meg. You made my day. There is a little playroom in the back, that's for her little girl, but she was generous enough to let my girly play with the toys and crayons while I got to try things on. Usually, I have to rush because I can try on like 1 thing before meltdowns of epic proportion happen. I could've tried on everything in the shop because my kid was so occupied. Don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to imply that you need to bring all you and your friends kids to her shop. Anyone keeping my child occupied for the duration of my "trying on" was really above and beyond what I would ever expect from anyone. And the best part. Meg pulled out all kind of things for me to try, and eventually grabbed this leopard print romper that I would've never, and I mean never, would have thought would be so cute on me. She has mad fashion skills, with a great eye for what would look best for my figure.I usually don't dress up very often. Usually the fanciest place I go is Snake and Jakes. But, I think I may find a reason to, just so I can stop in again. Oh, and she doesn't just have fancy things. She has casual, shoes, and accessories. I spied a bunch of cute bags too.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,3/8/2012,54,438,2,6,4>Previously I've reviewed ONOR Distillery for the tour and tastings, now it's time to update the review to reflect it as an event venue. Specifically I'm talking about the wonderful fund raiser I attended several months ago. I'll start with the downsides: it was very hot since it was summer but the free drinks helped to quench my thirst. Wait, let's back up a minute. The fund raiser was for Leukemia (if memory serves) and the ticket price allowed entry into the distillery. The regular workspace was set up with tables all along the walkway and at each table was a bar/restaurant/hotel providing their take on a rum cocktail featuring Old New Orleans Rum. Man were those cocktails tasty. Some tables had delicious rum deserts, like rum cake or rum raisin ice cream! So, other than the heat the only other real problem was the port-a-potties. It's not tha they were dirty (they weren't) or that there weren't enough of them for the people (there were) it's where they were placed. Unfortunately the area they were in was not well light and the inside of the facilities were dark. Really dark. Like hold up my cel phone as a flashlight to relieve myself dark.However, I won't let something like that lower my rating. This was a big event and appears to be the exception rather than the rule. Usually the air conditioned front office with the nice bathroom is used for events when the place is rented out. If you get a chance to attend one of their events, don't miss it.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/7/2012,42,99,,8,5>Tonight was opening night.  Offered were little samples of what's to come.  The menu is well thought out and innovative, and the cocktails very creative.  Very friendly service, and it's a charming, comfortable restaurant.  It was festively noisy, and full of characters from the neighborhood and probably elsewhere.  This will likely be a place we frequent, so an update to come soon- they're officially opening tomorrow with the full menu.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,3/6/2012,83,254,4,7,5>Excellent chili cheese fries (although I wish the cheese was melted!).  I had the bratwurst, which was fantastic, as was the bun.  At first I thought it was too much bread but the lightly toasted, slightly sweet bread won me over.  I got a little carried away with toppings though and I think the guacamole was a)overkill and b)not really a great iteration of guacamole anyway.  Next time I will practice some restraint.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,3/5/2012,62,448,18,6,10>i have a confession to make: the famous door is one of my guiltiest pleasures in new orleans.i don't indulge often, but once in a while i get that itch to go to bourbon street (don't judge!  just read), drink unnaturally-colored nasty things from test tubes (hush!), and sing along to a journey cover band with a room full of tourists who you just KNOW are having the BEST TIME EVER.  i mean it.  sincerely.  i'm not trying to be an asshole about the tourists.  they're so fucking cute!  they're all blowing off steam and wearing their hawaiian shirts and drinking like they don't have work tomorrow and they live in places where there aren't awesome bands.  not even awesome journey cover bands.  and they dance!  they dance with each other - they dance with complete strangers and you can just tell this is NOT how they would behave if they were anywhere that someone might recognize them from their church group or pta board or aa meeting.and i'm not just happy for them.  i'm happy WITH them.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,3/4/2012,181,479,4,8,6>This is a great little neighborHOOD food store that has all of the typical corner store supplies. You can get beer and lotto tickets, a decent selection of basic food and snack items. They also have the largest selection fortified wine beverages I have seen in a long time. But what makes this convenient store better than the rest is the selection at the hot food counter in the back. The menu has breakfast, po-boys, a selection of Asian cuisine, salads, sandwich wraps, and a daily hot plate special.  Upon the recommendation of so many fellow yelpers,  I had the Beef Pho and my partner had the Chicken Pho. Both soups had a very flavorful broth, a decent quantity of meat and noodles, plus a little sack of bean sprouts, jalapeno and basil all packed in individual containers to take home. I love the easy of getting hot pho on a cold day without trekking to the West Bank or the East.YAY!! I am a Fan!!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,3/3/2012,235,222,4,11,5>Located at the corner of Julia & Baronne, I never imagined that a motorcycle dealership could flourish here.  However, I am glad to be wrong.This isn't your typical Honda, Yamaha, Suzuki or Kawasaki dealership (no disrespect to the Japanese big 4). From the minute you walk in the door you can tell that this place is a cut above the rest.  Although I've never been to Europe, this is what I envision their dealerships would be like.  There's not just a clutter of bikes on the floor.  It's an actual 2 wheel experience as you are surrounded by bikes, pictures (art), accessories and a friendly and knowledgeable staff.I'll digress by stating that I am an avid motorcyclist who currently rides a Japanese liter bike.  For those of you who are not motorcyclists, that means I ride a bike with an engine displacement of approximately 1,000 cc's.  To make a long story short, it's a "crotch rocket and it's hella fast", but let's get back to the review.The Transportation Revolution sells Vespa scooters, Triumph motorcycles and Ducati motorcycles.  To me, it's all about the Ducs (Ducatis).  A Ducati is the ultimate sportsbike manufactured in Bologna, Italy.  It is the Ferrari of motorcycles, and this is the only dealership in the area.The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable, yet they aren't pushy at all if you just want to look around.  At least twice a month, I'll walk over during my lunch break to do a little window shopping.  I even bought my SoCal Yelper friend Ticha B a Ducati shirt from here as a souvenir.  Maria, one of the friendly sales staff, has been there every time I visited the store and knows my M.O.  I keep telling her that it's just a matter of time before I finally get my new Duc.I haven't had any dealings with the service department, but I've met a few of the mechanics (technicians) and they are happy to answer any questions you may have.  If you own  motorcyle or scooter, are in the market for one, or are just a fan of 2 wheels, go check this place out.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,3/2/2012,257,566,4,7,6>FYI - OnStar navigation has a heck of a time finding this place. The address listed on Yelp apparently doesn't exist (or so they claim). OnStar has an address on Rampart Street listed, which is close, I guess, except you need to drive around the block to find parking. However, this isn't a review of OnStar, so I won't complain about that... just be sure to get appropriate directions if this is your first time going to the Mahalia Jackson Theater.My first time was a few days ago, as a birthday present to my daughter - Yo Gabba Gabba Live. We were running a little late, but so was everyone else. Parking was relatively easy and nearby, with the Mahalia Jackson parking lot charging $10 per car (or you can try to find cheap/free street parking). The staff still politely ushered us to our box and we had time to spare before the show began. My only real complaint with the service here is the lack of concessions. They had a full bar (yeah, it's New Orleans) for a kids' show, but not many kid-friendly options. There was a "kids pack" for $6, but the package of Capri Sun sugar water, pretzels, and fruit snacks left something to be desired.The seats aren't comfortable at all. This is the major reason why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5. Other than that, the show was enjoyable, the view was decent, and the theater itself was clean and well maintained.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,3/1/2012,214,152,4,12,11>I have been here a few times, and keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. There is NO WAY that a place in Nola can be this perfect. No way. However, I am starting to believe that there is no other shoe... This place is perfect. I heard about this place having vegan food awhile ago via yelp, and checked it out on a Saturday afternoon. I got the vegan rico, a mock meat sandwich to go, and some fresh juice. I have since been back for several other items, but haven't tried everything yet. I said YET. The vegan "pork" was amazing. Seriously, it puts every mock meat I have purchased/made to shame. I don't know how they did it. I'm wagering that it's ground up unicorn and magic dust. The dressing complimented the light greens, diaya cheese, and perfectly prepared plantain. I also had a slice of banana cake, and i thought i was going to implode, it was banana-licioua. The staff is just as wonderful as the food. The owners are both extremely friendly and knowledgeable about vegan options and Brazillian food. The other staff are awesome, always happy to see me, and clearly love their jobs. That, my yelpy friends, is a rarity in any city, especially New Orleans!The specials sound delicious, and I get them through facebook (or the analog way: the board outside the restaurant). Their soups are inventive, which will be nice when winter rolls around!Apparently dinner hours are coming SOON, and I can't wait!!! I will be a regular here for sure!!Thank you, Carmo, for showing me that delicious, elegant, and beautiful vegan food IS possible in New Orleans!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,4/10/2011,257,566,2,5,4>Like Kelly H., I also never would have known about this place had it not been for the Yelp Elite event held here not too long ago. I live in Marrero - so, obviously not within a short drive of Mid City - but Swirl is definitely worth the drive. They have an interesting selection and exceptionally knowledgeable staff. I left this time with some great wine selections for Christmas gifts and Christmas dinner. The space is small but very well laid out. There are tons of wines that you won't find at Rouses (my usual go-to on the Westbank for wine purchasing), and if they don't have something, they can apparently get it for you at a reasonable price. I'll be back!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,4/9/2011,214,152,6,6,7>Ah... Flanagans... Where would I be without the place? Hell, I could be the mayor or possibly even just a functioning member of society. Sadly, instead of studying to become the pope or cure cancer, I sit in Flanagans and make fart jokes. Every day.We have a long history together. I met my husband there. I ate my first po boy there. I blacked out and slept there. I even had my wedding reception at Flanagans. I love this bar. (OBVIOUSLY)The food is consistently delicious, the staff is inconsistently amazing, and the decor is...... questionable in a cool way.The staff knows what a vegan is, and the red beans and rice are delicious and vegan. The soups on the special bar make me want to cry wtih delight, as each one is epic (latest: vegan tortilla soup... mmmmmm). My craft group and a pool league meet on most Wednesdays. Pluses that I don't care about, but others do: Ghost tour out of the back of the bar, megatouch, cheap pool table.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2011,4/8/2011,58,144,10,8,8>Let me preface this by saying I actually love this bar. I also realize my review is a little snarky.I came  here for Foburg, and it was great.  Cheap drinks, awesome bands, and a packed house.Let's list the ways that I am tragically not cool enough for this place:1. I do not have bangs.2. My Converse are not "worn in" enough. (and they are SO last season)3. I am not wearing an ironic Mr. Rogers sweater.4. I do not wear a beanie in 70 degree weather.5. I do not wear black plastic Woody Allen glasses.6. My jeans are definitely not skinny enough.I'm sure I'm missing much more of the hidden nuances of hipsterdom, but those are the blaring sins I committed. That being said, I still loved this bar.  "Why 3 stars?" you ask? The smoke.  This is coming from an occasional smoker--I came out of this place with stinging eyes and smelling like an ash tray.  I had to leave earlier than I wanted because I couldn't take it.Go expecting a smokey experience and you'll be OK, I didn't realize what I was in for.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,4/7/2011,62,70,2,8,6>This place is just fantastic. It is hours worth of fun for children of all ages.  They offer hands on learning(Seriously!  They can and are encouraged to touch everything!)There are planned activities, like storytelling, art projects, and little festivals.  They also offer different things for the toddlers.  Literacy and language development, motor and cognitive development, music and movement, and sensory activities.  They have a huge walled off area for the little ones to run amuck.  No holds barred, no big kids allowed to run over them.  And toys, soft steps to climb, a good night moon room, tunnels, slides, soft toys...The other area is more for older kids, they have a bubble room, a little grocery store, and so many other things to explore.I highly recommend the membership package.  The prices range from $55-80, for just the regular no frills memberships.  My kid has an absolute blast here and doesn't ever want to leave.They are occasionally  opened mondays during the school year, but are always open everyday during the summer.My two beefs with the place. The grumpy lady cashier.  She is kinda bitchy.  They really should put a cafe of some sort in there.  There is plenty of room for one, so why not.  Moms NEED caffeine to keep up with wild children and said wild children  need snacks.   Parking sucks too.  No lot close by, so ya have to park on the street.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,4/6/2011,147,39,12,10,7>Today, a coworker and I tried to go to Cochon BUTCHER for lunch, but the crowd in there was OBSCENE at 1pm (consider that my mini-review of Butcher), so we went next door to regular ol' Cochon.I have to say, it was pretty freakin' good! The prices are not the cheapest for lunch (b/c they basically use the dinner menu all day), but the food is delicious! I didn't mind a little splurge, all things considered.First thing's first: THE ROLLS. Oh my Lord, the rolls! Imagine the little ready-to-bake dinner rolls your mother made you when you were a kid (only in my mother's case, they were the rolls she used to BURN for me when I was a kid) . . . now imagine they are NOT the cheap & dirty variety, and that they are really squishy and doughy. Can you say CRACK? I couldn't, because my mouth was full.Our server was precious (and just my type . . . tall and fuzzy! He got a good tip for being eye candy). I knew I wanted to order the poached yard egg with roasted mushrooms & grits, but when I asked the cute little server if that would be enough, he said a side of macaroni & cheese casserole would probably be a good idea. So I went with that.The poached egg with roasted mushrooms & grits = UH-MAZING. My only complaint is that they literally drowned it in green onions, and not being an onion fan at all, I had to spend a great deal of time picking them off with my fork (I just couldn't handle it . . . there were so many! It was embarrassing, but yes, I'm that picky. To a debilitating degree.). Once I got the green onion situation under control, the dish was decadent and delicious. That yolk was bright yelllow and pretty runny, which is fine with me. I'm sure they would customize that if you like a firmer yolk, but you would have to specify. The grits were more like a grit cake, and the mushrooms were layered underneath the egg. The whole thing was topped off with something resembling a meuniere sauce. My cute little server overestimated the size of my stomach, so I ended up having to box up almost all of the macaroni & cheese casserole . . . but not before having a quick bite! Holy flippin' YUM. I know they use cheddar in there, but there are other cheeses in there I couldn't quite identify, but added a fantastic bite to the dish! Portions are small, but filling. I could have made a meal out of either one of my choices today. Once you factor in the crack-filled rolls, that is.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2011,4/5/2011,272,184,3,10,6>Drove out last night for my friend's birthday dinner; apparently, there was an article about Mosca's in a recent New Yorker and as yuppies, we are required to do as it says (also applies to the New York Times). Fun fact: the first school I ever taught at is located only 3 minutes from there. I had no idea when I made the trek past Avondale to Waggaman for 6 months that there was non-fast food in the area.The drive wasn't so bad, although I felt vindicated that it took half the time to get back via Huey P. and Jeff Hwy, as I suggested, than the 35+ minutes via the expressway. We called at 545 to reserve for 630 and strolled in right on time. With all the implications of mob/mafia ties, I expected a swarthier atmosphere. Instead, the clapboard house is clean and sparse, with their framed James Beard award featured prominently among other clippings and a few black and white photographs. The house was pretty quiet on a Tuesday night, with about half or less of the tables seated. We were quickly seated and brought menus and toasted bread with pats of butter. After a short peruse, we ordered: - A bottle of the house chianti: $26, mellow and warmed the three of us up. - Chicken a la grande: 1/2 a chicken sautéed with rosemary and special seasoning, whole garlic cloves and white wine. Lots of butter to be seen rising above the sauce, but it was moist, with flavorful skin, and soft, caramelized globules of garlic. Delicious and recommended by the New Yorker article (as were the window treatments, and ATM, and bathroom...) - Spaghetti and meatballs: A misnomer-this was a large platter of angelhair pasta, not spaghetti, topped with roasted tomato marinara and 2 large meatballs. Hearty and filling, with simple and satisfying flavors. The sauce was perfect, not too sour, not overly sweet, and smelling of many spices. - Roasted potatoes: Huge peeled chunks of potato roasted to an extremely tender consistency. The texture was almost too soft, considering you couldn't even stab a piece with a fork without it falling into mush. Still, a good accompaniment to the chicken, and absorbed the flavorful sauce. Service was prompt and fairly attentive; when we asked for more bread, she had already put more in to be toasted, and the food came out clearly prepared to order and piping hot.For the three of us, the total came out to about $77, split among 2 as it was a birthday. A little pricey for the amount of food actually ordered, but we were all full and satisfied with the meal. CASH ONLY.  Closed Mondays. 50+ minute wait for food (as warned on the menu and the website). Pretty good. I'd come back.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,4/4/2011,74,83,3,6,6>I kind of love Oak Street Cafe. The cafe is small and quaint, decorated in fun art (I especially like the bunnies doing people things. Know what I'm talking about?), most of which you could buy if you were so inclined. There is live music, sometimes just a piano, sometimes with an upright bass or a singer. They have outside seating for nice days (but should maybe move their tables a little bit farther from the road.. I really thought one of my friends was going to get hit by a car while she ate her hashbrowns). For the most part, the staff is pleasant, and I used to see the owner every where, and he was always very nice. I've enjoyed most of the dishes I've ordered (except the pancake, which is huge but sort of strangely flavored), especially the breakfast sandwich (not recommended if you want to look at all attractive while eating.) And I LOVE their donuts! All of them! All the time! Donuts!The few things I don't like about Oak Street Cafe...-- You have to pay for parking to eat there (unless you are like me and are willing to park on a small road in a pot hole). Rude, Oak Street. That's just rude.-- When the only table is right next to the piano, so you can't hear your partner in dining talk.-- When it's crowded.-- When they're out of donuts, and also that they don't make donuts on Sunday. Sunday is donuts day, Oak Street! How did you miss that? Donuts!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,4/3/2011,173,142,4,10,6>Spectacular.  A dear friend of mine and I ate here tonight.  He had been several times, but it was my first.  Here's what we got:1. Chicken Liver Crostini - amazing: sweet and savory and makes long-unwoken nerves come to the surface and remind you you're alive2. Shaved Brussels Sprouts - ok. nice and airy and perfect texture.  could have used a stronger dressing of any kind3. Crispy Pork Shoulder - holy pig this was yum.  they take shredded pork and make it into crab-cake type thingies, and serve them with watermelon sweet yummy vinaigrette and sauteed spinach. soo good.4. BEEF CHEEKS - I had not had beef cheeks before tonight, and I was told that they are the most tender dish you can get.  this entree came with five equally-sized portions of braised meat that had the texture of the best pot roast ever, but this time with fat.  the sauce was like a thick stock - gravy reduction and it had amazing mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach, and a few lima beans. 5. Pappardelle Bolognese - perfectly crafted handmade pasta accompanied by old-fashioned bolognese sauce and reggiano.  very nice.6. Chocolate Pot de Crème - perhaps the best thing besides love I have ever put between my lips. that's all there is to say.7. Daily Selection of Sorbet - very nice, but overtaken by #6The ambiance was perfect and romantic - intimate and quiet.  Being in the quarter lent a magical air to the evening.  Not enough people know about this place yet to make it super busy but I would recommend a reservation all the same.I don't know what to say about this place.  It's like reviewing nature or church or life itself, even.  Maybe I don't get out to good restaurants often enough, or maybe I don't see dear friends often enough. Whichever the case may be, I found both in perfect synergy tonight at Sylvain, and I can't wait to go back.P.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,4/2/2011,30,32,16,6,7>When I was reading an electronic mail the other day, I got to the signature. "Dance like no one is watching, love like you'll never be hurt, sing like no one is listening, and live like it's heaven on earth." And then like a bolt of prosaic lightning, the weight of the signature hit me. You might balk at the suggestion that an electronic mail signature can change a person's life, but it can! At that moment, like the protagonist in a feelgood holiday movie, I resolved to start doing things differently.Why is this life-altering event relevant? It was the afternoon before Tales of the Toddy. Keen to try out my new lease on life, I arrived at the Nouvelle Ballrooms in the Hotel Monteleone. Unfortunately, after the fateful turn of events that evening my new lease on life would turn into a mere sublet. The event itself was fabulous. In addition to the opportunity to imbibe delicious cocktails created by some of the city's most talented mixologists, everyone could sample a variety of dishes from local chefs. Tales of the Toddy also featured a Bourbon Milk Punch competition this year, so attendees were able to taste interesting interpretations on a quintessential New Orleans cocktail and vote for their favorite. Of course, all of the "spirited" (*snort*) attendees took this responsibility very seriously. The event had booths with local artists, providing everyone the chance to holiday shop while liquored up. In addition, the men of the 2011 New Orleans Firefighter Calendar made an appearance and had their calendar for sale. After 9 Bourbon Milk Punches, 6 cocktails, a partridge, and a pear tree, I finally got up the courage to set my new life plan into motion. And then things went awry. One minute I'm grinding on the Pelican Club booth and belting out "If you want my toddy and you think I'm sexy" to the tune of that Rod Stewart song, and the next minute some burly men are hauling me out of the Hotel Monteleone. So much for dancing like no one is watching and singing like no one is listening. I never even had the chance to love all over those New Orleans firemen like I planned.  I did, however, fulfill the "heaven on earth" portion my life plan. That's pretty much what attending Tales of the Toddy is like.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,4/1/2011,1085,123,16,23,19>I'm tempted to give this place 5 stars after a single hot dog, but I think I should wait until I've had a few more of the... ah fuck it. 5 stars!Holy meat tubes! My alligator sausage dog was a thing of beauty. I took a photo. Feel free to salivate over it here. You know you wish it was your mouth it was hovering in front of like the delicious junk of awesome it was. I was tempted to be all purist and just get the alligator sausage on its sourdough bun of toasty heaven, topped with a bit of mustard, kraut, and maybe some onions, but again, I thought "Fuck it! Let's do this!" All the toppings are free anyway, so I got mine with chili, cheese, onions, tomatoes, guacamole, kraut, and mustard. ZOMG, right? And when it was brought to me, it was just beautiful! Seriously, it was a work of junk food art, painted with condiments.I love how there are multiple local sausage options along with the great imported options. Locally, there's hot sausage from Harrahan, smoked sausage from Jefferson Parish, and even crawfish sausage straight from the swamps.And this oasis of dogs Ignatius Reilly himself would make his new bedroom, in a work of fanfic I'm suddenly now contemplating, is even open till midnight on Fridays and Saturdays! Ohhhh yeahhh... ohhh yeaaaah... chick... chicka chicka.Day bow bow.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,12/15/2011,87,163,5,11,9>The Pool:I have been coming here for over a year now and I love this place!  My husband and I just find it to be a great way to get out of the house and unwind.  He particularly loves being in the hot tub and I love floating around in the pool at night staring up at the stars.  For pool time, we always go at night and its rarely ever that crowded.The clothing optional part is great.  There is no pressure to be nude if you aren't comfortable, but I have seen many people ease into it over the evening.  For ladies, its nice that you can be either totally nude or just topless.  The drinks are a pretty decent price, but if the bar isn't open outside its important that you just go ahead and order a large double.  Otherwise, you'll find yourself having to get dressed to fetch another drink. The Food:I have only had brunch here, but I love it.  My favorite dish is the creole eggs benedict that comes with potatoes and peppers.  The coffee is always good and they have $10 bottomless mimosas.  The service can be slow, but as long as they keep the mimosas coming I'm fine with that.I am so happy that I found this little gem in the Bywater!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2011,12/14/2011,284,730,7,5,5>Who wanted crab-stuffed redfish for Thanksgiving? Who was crazy enough to haul to Castnet Seafood because she wanted to make sure she was serving the freshest fish that wasn't outrageously priced?Did I mention it was the day before Thanksgiving?Loins girded, brass knuckles on and a steely gaze for the intimidating, take-no-prisoners staff, I enter the mosh pit, aka the storefront. Not having witnessed such a shopping frenzy since the heyday of Cabbage Patch dolls at FAO Schwartz, I was unsure if this was worth the hassle.Bottom line? While it seems you've emerged victorious from a cage match after making a purchase here, the taste and quality of the seafood make up for the mental bruising.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,12/13/2011,1085,123,25,12,8>"Did you just order a five-dollar shake?""Sure did.""A shake? Milk and ice cream?""Uh-huh.""It costs five dollars?""Yep.""You don't put bourbon in it or anything?""Nope.""Just checking."This is the Tarantino conversation that took place in my head upon looking at the menu and just as Vincent agreed after enjoying it, I don't know if it's worth $5, but it's pretty fuckin' good. Really, for the size of the shake (which is the perfect size mind you), about a can of pop's worth (pop not soda), they should be charging $3 to $4. I mean what are they blending back there? The ball sweat of Ben and Jerry?But this review ain't about the shakes my friends, it's about the meat. And whereas the burgers themselves are usually $6, on the day I went they had the mansion pillaging Burger Rossini, topped with tortured duck livers and tree dirt shrooms for a low low price of $18. Granted that included fries but still, come on now. I'm here for a tasty burger.  What do I look like? I said what do I look like? Do I look like a bitch??So I ordered the standard cheeseburger/fries/shake combo for $13 and went home very happy. Everything was excellent and unlike similar complaints my meat was handled perfectly and by nobody named Zed, with nerry a ball gag in sight.I love the promise of this place and how they present a brand new burger every week. I love the idea that I can get a different experience here every single time and I love their Twitter presence (@MVBurger) and how this place is practically down the street from me. If I could afford it, I'd make this a weekly stop, but at these prices, I'll have to settle for a monthly treat.I just hope they make a Big Kahuna burger so this review can go all meta and shit.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/24/2011,12/12/2011,61,118,3,4,3>I love Ethiopian food, and we lost our only purveyor of injera borne yummies after Katrina, until this slightly hidden spot appeared late last year. The space is, to be kind, charmless-housed in what might once have been a laundry room for an apartment complex, there are scant few amenities, but most fans of Ethiopian food are used to "lo-fi" surroundings; what we care about is the food, and the food is very good here.    This cuisine is one of the most vegetarian friendly around, and not just because of the variety offered, but because the presence of so many legumes offers actual protein without tofu or nuts-delicious and nutritious!    The sambusa appetizers are tasty, but the size of the entrees precludes needing a starter unless you have a mob with you (which is the best way to eat this most "family style" of foods). All of the veggie selections are great, so just go all in and get the combo, with extra injera bread and stroll next door to Garden District Shoe Repair to get an extra hole punched in your belt afterwards.    My one gripe, that keeps this from four-stardom is there is no lunch menu with lower prices/smaller portions; that makes it prohibative for me and my movie folk ilk. Maybe after a few more visits, I'll embrace profligacy mors than I already do and big up this little (unpolished) gem.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2011,12/11/2011,23,494,,16,8>If you are in New Orleans East and are looking for some Soul Food this is your spot.  This is the "sister" Restaurant of Two Sisters Kitchen in Mid City. This joint is in a former Pizza Hut location but has that cozy mom and pop atmosphere deep in Da East as they say.The menu changes every day and offers a full array of soul food dishes like fried chicken, shrimp oyster and catfish platters, collard greens, turkey necks, smothered chicken, red beans, cornbread... you get my drift.  The portions are huge and the prices are reasonable.  Some of my favorite things here are the gumbo, stuffed bell peppers, and the collards.  The fried chicken is good a well.  Everything is well seasoned and tastes just right. This is a cash only spot so don't come in with credit cards, hit the ATM prior to.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/1/2011,12/10/2011,1836,86,15,4,5>Like a couple of nomadic Visigoths scouring the Balkans for conquest and settlement, my friend and I were also on a similar quest; a migration period that would eventually lead us from Uptown to a lively, late-night French Quarter establishment.  There, we would bask in our newfound good fortune with drinks, girls and the kind of victory dancing that would cause many to believe we, ourselves, brought on the Sack of Rome in 410.  The evening's theme: "Party Like It's The Fall of the Western Roman Empire!!"  Drop it like it's hot!Our journey concluded with a siege launched on Mojitos Rum Bar & Grill.  Immediately, I made a crazed dash to the bar, ducking and dodging loitering bar patrons like a prize fighter.  My friend showed what a true sport he was, attempting his own approach to the bar from the left side and paying no heed to its many inconveniences, mainly its congested proximity to the restroom.  The barmaid delivered to us two mojitos, which were more watered down than the Eastern Coastline during the lashing of Hurricane Irene.  My friend and I sampled a variety of mojitos on this particular evening but alas, they fell shorter than Sarah Palin's serious bid for Vice President in the 2008 election.We did not partake of Mojitos cuisine therefore, I cannot offer an opinion.  There were a great number of individuals seated in the adjacent dining room but the greater numbers were in the outside courtyard.  As I stood under the starry sky near the fountain, my keen senses detected a restlessness in the air; a nervous energy.  As my eyes panned the crowd, I noticed a chalk board on the wall behind a band that was preparing their instruments.  The main event was Fredy Omar.  Seemingly minutes later, Fredy and his musicians erupted into a Latin groove, which shot the bar patrons forward out of their seats as if ejected from a cannon!  The courtyard turned into a feeding frenzy of uninhibited male dancers, scanning the crowd for single ladies like a shark picking up the scent of blood in the water.  Rolling, spinning and bouncing off determined dancers like Barry Sanders on a punt return, I threw down my anchor at the bar and proceeded to people-watch.The bulk of my review lies with what I witnessed before me: The male bar patrons were scary, indeed!  Absolutely nothing deterred them, not even the word "no", which was typically followed up with a few choice expletives from the girls.  Beside me, a couple of men were discussing a table nearby that featured an all-girls group.  They had made up their mind that the table was quite obviously comprised of lesbians and plotted a strategy to convert them to "the other side".  These guys had the sexual politics of a Viking attack!  Everything about them that night was pure sex!  They must have been part rabbit.  I wonder if I should have rubbed their feet for good luck?Later in the evening, a drunk female insisted that I dance with her, literally prying my hands from the bar counter and dragging me to the courtyard.  What really disturbed me was not her disgraceful movements on the dance floor but her desire to continue dancing long after the music ceased.  I wish I had a shepherd's crook to whisk her off like the Loony Toons of old.  Throughout the course of our evening, the woman continued to paw at me, despite my aggressive attempts to steer her into a willing nearby male.  Why me??  I began to doubt that even if I engaged her as captain of a steam-propelled ironclad warship, equipped with Constantine's own heralded "Greek fire", that I still might not escape her evil clutches!  Luckily, a man nearby took interest and they proceeded to grind upon one another near the tables until she suddenly pushed him away, yelling "I need space!"  If I was that guy, I'd take outer space!The music was terrific and I commend Omar and his musical entourage for that saving grace.  Parking is a pain and the drinks are much, much less than stellar.  Come to dance and move on.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,12/9/2011,425,213,5,10,6>This is the only snoball shop. Don't even think about going anywhere else. Hansens does everything right. Which makes sense, they've been open since the stone age and have had time to work out the kinks. It is the real deal.Here's the good stuff: They have lovely staff, the prices are appropriate, there are so many syrup flavors you never get bored, the syrup is the best tasting in town (not artificial, no bad aftertaste, it's just right), the ice is the consistency of freshly fallen snow, and I like the cups that you can take home and make you nostalgic all winter. Sometimes the wait is 20min, but who cares? Strike up a conversation in line and make a new friend. During the week when people are working there is no line at all. So now that you're on your way over to air condition your tummy let me suggest the satsuma with vanilla bean and a vanilla ice cream scoop in the middle, aka hot rod. You're welcome.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,12/8/2011,42,99,2,5,7>Where to begin?  City Park has so many amenities, and it's beauty is beyond description.  Big Lake, NOMA, the Peristyle, the lagoons, the paddleboats, the arboretum with it's "mountain," Storyland, Popp's Fountain, The Great Lawn, the new tennis complex... the list goes on and on.City Park consists of 1,300 acres and is the 6th largest urban park in the U.S., and about 50% larger than Central Park in New York.  City Park holds the world's largest collection of mature live oak trees, some older than 600 years in age. Its founding in 1853 also makes it one of the oldest parks in the country.Prior to Katrina, much of City Park was neglected and underutilized.  Katrina came in and damaged the park immensely.  Not long after Katrina, there was a group called the City Park "mow-rons" who took it upon themselves to tame the overgrowth after the storm.  This group was started by a 12 year-old boy who was upset that the park was just left to fester. "Mow-rons" grew to quite a size- lots of New Orleanians who are passionate about the park would come out every Saturday to help mow and beautify the park, all while rebuilding their own lives.  I remember how much it energized me to focus on the greater good of the recovery, and "take a break" from the arduous task of rebuilding personally.  All of us were going through the same thing.  You can still volunteer with "Mow-rons" today.  Visit neworleanscitypark.com/v… for more information.Since then, there has been a renewed interest and pride in the park, and the improvements just keep coming.  City Park has not looked this good in all of my life.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,12/7/2011,214,152,7,7,6>The classiest of dirtbag bars. This is a place of epic history, and not to be missed when down on that end of bourbon street (C'mon, don't deny it! Everyone goes to Bourbon every once and awhile!!). I probably have my ass in a barstool here about once a week, because it's one of the few bars in the french quarter that I ALWAYS enjoy. The large windows by the front of the bar make a perfect frame for people watching. The back bar is intimate and fun when it's crowded (or just opening, which I believe is at 10 PM). The crowd is always such an amusingly odd mix of service industry, plastered tourists, and the elder French Quarter regulars. There is also a fryer in the back bar, so if you're drunk and starving, they can fry you up some mozzarella sticks or jalapeno poppers. Can't really give my opinion on the food, as all fried stuff tastes the same to me. The staff are great, all of them know either my name, my face, my drink, or all of the above. I used to come in right after work (when I worked downtown) if it was raining and I didn't want to bike in the rain.... I truly miss my days of having completely random and fascinating conversations over a few drinks in the afternoon. Oh, they also have frozen coffee, which my BFF loves to death. I tried it once, and found it evil/refreshing. It was sooo tasty, but I got an ice cream headache AND drunk.Oh, and don't come here if you are prissy or want some fancy 7 ingredient drink. This is a REGULAR bar for REGULAR people who drink normal shit, like WHISKEY and BEER. If you are easily offended, you might be better off on Bourbon Street soaking up the vomit on your socks, as sometimes the conversations can get a little racy.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,12/6/2011,23,80,4,4,3>I had lunch here, and it was really pretty tasty. Being unadventurous when it comes to food I'm not super familiar with (like Thai food), I had the simple Pad Thai w/ Chicken. I asked for it spicy, which may have been a mistake on my part. My last couple of years in New Orleans had made me a bit cocky about my spicy food tolerance, and I felt confident in my ability to down some tasty hot goodness. Unnnnfortunately, I was mistaken. Don't get me wrong, the Pad Thai was delicious, and I finished pretty much all of it, but my tongue was on fire, my nose was running, and my eyes were watering for the majority of the meal. This isn't because the restaurant necessarily made the dish like fire, but rather due to my own weakness as a spicy food connoisseur. I have to note that the whole Thai/breakfast fusion does seem like kind of a weird mix, but I really don't care. As long as what they make tastes great (and my experience here supports this), they could be mexican/canadian and I really wouldn't mind.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,3/21/2013,526,986,4,19,9>I would like to start off my review with a little lesson on how a business works. When a new place opens it needs a minute to find it's groove. You can't go into a place on the first day and expect everything to be flowing like clock work. There are going to be hiccups. To go into a place on the day it opens and then rate it two stars when everything doesn't go perfectly is a little unfair in my opinion. Yes, they are going to run out of things. Yes, they are going to be a little slow. If the place has been open less than a month, please go in prepared for that.  Just putting that out there.Today I had the delight of trying the new burger place in town: Charcoal's. As soon as I heard about the unique menu, I was in. I couldn't wait to try it out. Among some of the items besides the basic beef are antelope, elk, bison, salmon, venison and veggie.Being the adventurous spirit I am, I decided to try the antelope burger. I got it topped with cheese, lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mayo on the brioche bun. You can get all kinds of fancy ingredients on it like bacon and avocado and grilled onions, but I decided to keep it simple.The burger itself was so good. It didn't taste crazy or anything like that. It had a bit of a "gamey" taste, but nothing overwhelming. It was a really thick, juicy patty and it was cooked to perfection. The bun was soft and flavorful and really good. I got a side of sweet potato tater tots. I had never had them before, and they were obviously house made and delicious. They were almost like small sweet potato hash browns. They were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. All in all, really good.Although a little expensive, I would definitely check out Charcoal's again when I am in the mood for a special burger treat.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/20/2013,894,496,9,18,15>The cancer survivors plaza located along Loyola Avenue is beautiful and inspirational. They have a bunch of cancer survivor plazas throughout the US and Canada (24 in all) that were all funded by Richard and Annette Bloch. Richard is the co-founder of H&R Block but more importantly a lung and colon cancer survivor. After overcoming cancer, Richard spent the rest of his life helping others overcome cancer as well.All of the cancer survivors plazas have statues that look similar (you will notice it if you've been to more than one of their parks). The park here has special meaning to Richard and Annette though. Annette was quoted as saying, "Of all our parks, New Orleans was my favorite." It is a beautiful space filled with unique columns, a fountain, palm trees, beautiful landscaping, and some benches. Look closely at each column as they each have their own theme.I love it here. It is one of my favorite public spaces in the city. It is a wonderful tribute to all cancer survivors and to all those who are battling cancer to have hope that they can win the battle too!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/19/2013,53,105,7,9,6>I like leather.  I like the way it feels, the way it smells, the way it's no longer attached to a living creature...  Anyhow, the wife wanted to get in to some leather working because she's so damn crafty.  Seriously, she can craft the shit out of anything.  So we take a trip to Tandy leather to learn some basics and get some supplies.  It's a pretty big store.  They have dozens of racks of rolled up leather, dozens of racks of pieces of leather and dozens more racks of rivets, buttons, tools, glues, dyes, etc.  The price on the leather changes daily, so you have to take it to the counter to get it priced.  They have so much stuff that it's easy to get overwhelmed, but the employees are really helpful and not overbearing.  I checked the prices with various websites and found them to be fair, especially considering that you can inspect any piece of leather at the store, which you obviously can't do on the internet.  I'm hooked.  I'm working on a leather bag, a holster, a sheath and a guitar strap.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,3/18/2013,139,94,2,7,4>All I have to says is peach cobbler. That's what I usually have my heart set on when I'm out in Kenner. The food is pretty okay in my book and I have yet to try everything on the menu. My friends would recommend the steak and eggs breakfast while the BF loves their chicken fried steak. I've had the meatloaf, pulled pork sandwich, country breakfast, and a burger. It's all been pretty okay so far with no complaints about the food.The service however is a different story. The time I normally hit this place up is late at night. They don't have a lot of people working and it does get busy. So I sympathize with one waitress waiting all the tables and bringing out orders. My BF however when he's hungry gets a bit impatient. I was a bit disappointed the last time we went they ran out of peach cobbler. I always look forward to a warmed up cobbler with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top. Breakfast is breakfast for me, but the country fried steak seems like a winner in the BF's book.Overall the decor is pretty cool. It takes me back to the day and I always find myself amazed by it all each time. I have to admit I love coming out here even though it's nothing out of this world spectacular. The people are friendly and I usually run into EMS or cops stopping by for a meal. The waitresses are sweethearts and I've never gotten a wrong order from them. I would totally recommend giving this place a try if you're out and need some late night grubbing.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,3/17/2013,114,467,5,8,5>Why do I keep reviewing this place even though I know it won't change the score? Because I love the damned food, so Shut it!I've been sick for the last week. So this morning I drag my sick butt over there and thankfully, they open at 9am.SO I order a bowl of tendon, tripe and rare beef. And I wait...for about 2 minutes. That's all. And my lovely bowl of comfort is there, in front of me, like natures perfect antibiotic.As I'm self medicating, Pam comes in. She and her husband own it. She finishes patiently explaining the simple way credit card machines work to an old fart who didn't want to listen and then sees me. She walks over and starts to give me a hug. I'd have let her but I would hate for her to get this bug of mine.But that's just how the people there are. Friendly, fast service, sweet people who make a wonderful bowl of pho.And their Thai dishes like drunken noodles are awesome. The Girly swears by that and their bubba tea.So do yourself a favor and go get a bowl. Stay healthy and have a Happy New Year.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/16/2013,34,251,7,11,8>Ok, here's the deal, like many Asians, I am lactose intolerant. If I weren't so stubborn I would take some lactaid pill to help me digest lactose since I love everything dairy (cheese, yogurt, ice cream etc.). Hey, at least I drink almond milk and not real milk, that really causes me pain.Anywho, with all that TMI, I must say that Creole Creamery is the best darned local ice cream in NOLA hands down! My go to flavor is a small cup of half lavender and half red velvet. But on this fine occasion they had King Cake flavor which I had many moons ago, read maybe last year around Mardi Gras time? Point being, I had to have it. Plus they're so friendly letting you try the flavors. But once I tried the king cake I was done, game over, it was a wrap!One of the things I enjoy about this place is that they have a variety of seating with booths, tables, outdoor benches, a diverse group of folks from young kiddos to the elderly, etc.! Plus they have a whole front case filled with chocolate flavors, what's not to love? If you like spicy flavors and chocolate then I highly recommend the Mexican chocolate flavor-delish! Also, you can ask them what the new flavors/rotating ones are. Keep in mind though that the one in Lakeview doesn't have the same flavors as the one on Prytania in uptown so you may want to call ahead if you more craving something specific!And don't forget it's cash only! It's also located near yummy eating places like Kyoto (great sushi), La Thai (elegant Thai joint, La Crepe Nanou (so damned romantic it makes my heart ache), St. James Cheese Company, and my favorite yogurt joint, Yogurtland!Happy Ice Cream Devouring!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,3/15/2013,19,96,2,5,5>I just adore Dante's Kitchen. It's the quintessential uptown restaurant, right by the river, so peaceful. I love eating out in the backyard with the trees and the lights. This is my idea of good food with a Cajun twist.The only thing you need to know: CHICKEN UNDER A BRICK... A staple at Dante's and undeniably one of the best dishes. I've never been disappointed with it. It is so savory and sweet at the same time -- nothing short of amazing. They start you with warm gooey spoon bread -- it tastes like corn bread with magic inside. It holds you over when the food takes a while to come out. The local farm vegetable plate is an unlikely home run! Get lucky if they have turnips in season ;)
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/14/2013,1085,123,8,8,8>(This one's inspired by good ol' Shel Silverstein...)The Sushi PirateSo, you wanna eat sushi and pirate(The verb, not the noun, ya nerd),Where the manner's not sullen or irateAnd your wants are asked and heard.Ahoy, on the menu's a boatFor two people (or one if you binge).A boat full of sushi take note,For cheap, on a date, it's a sinch!Sushi, sashimi, tempura,Teriyaki, rice, and fruit.Lest I forget the soup and salad, huh,At a price to save you your loot.Do you need some other reason to go here?Okay fine, I'll come up with something.Try the premium nigori sake not beer,And leave so happy and smiling.What's with the poem you ask?About pirates and boats and sushi?Get your ass here, it's no task,To find out for yourself and thank me.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/13/2013,280,118,,4,5>This is my local library, well there are three, but I prefer this one as it was there for me when I first came to the bayou.  I have always been a library person, I have fond memories of my local libraries in Southern California.  When I first moved to old Gretna in 2005 I used the libraries there and after Katrina, I sought out the library here.  It was initially located in a run down looking library not far from the new building now.  I borrowed movies, borrowed books for me and my young son, attended their events and when they built a new library I followed them there.  They have a wide selection of movies, a vast number of computers, a teen section and children's' area and computers for the young ones.  The staff is great and it seems funny to realize that I have know them all for 7 years now. They have displayed art from local artists and had art competitions, there's a little area in the lobby that has books and mags for sale, the meeting room is a good size and can be booked for your needs ( i used this to recruit people for Census work :))They have a new Librarian now, Jasmine...she rocks...not sure what happen to that other one she was kinda scary...told me once that if I ever walked off without paying for copies (i never actually took them I just forgot)...I wouldn't be allowed to use the computers again...really?  ok...she's gone anyway....I love my library and will teach my young one to love it too.....when's the last time you went to the Library?  I think i hear it calling your name......
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,3/12/2013,41,249,2,7,3>After passing by this place no telling how many times and saying "we need to go there sometime," we finally made a point to eat at Courtyard Grill. I think one of the reasons it took us so long to finally try it was because it always looks deserted. Come to find out that's because the dining room is actually in the back. A-ha.I'm a fiend for Middle Eastern cuisine. LOVE. IT. And this place knows what's up. It was one of the best meals I've ever had. Started with the falafel appetizer,  ordered a kabob and a doner dinner and, of course, ended with baklava. Everything was absolutely perfect. The service was good, maybe a tiny bit on the slow side considering there weren't a ton of people in there, but not terrible either. The server was nice and very helpful.I'll definitely be going back.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,7/16/2013,148,326,9,8,8>I don't often feel fancy. Truth be told, given the chance I'd always be in a T-shirt in jeans. But when the occasion arises that I need to don my Sunday best, I like to have a fancy cocktail to accompany me. I also like to sit in a bar that reminds me of something that I would find in the mind of Jack Nicholson in "The Shining". Enter the Sazerac. I think I'll start with the namesake drink, Lloyd. I sip my sazerac in one of the comfy booths in the dim light, thinking of another time. Maybe an old fashioned for the road, Lloyd. I pay my bill, which is way more than I should be spending on drinks, but the delightful atmosphere inside the bar and the Roosevelt Hotel has put a strange calm over me. Now I'm off to kill Shelley Duvall.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,7/15/2013,46,106,11,16,11>Lets face it - Jazz Fest is essentially the Festival in which all other fests are judged from.  That's both good and bad.  There is something for everyone at each stage.  The most difficult part is making the decision on who you are going to experience.   The Fairgrounds are extremely accessible and you can get to any stage in a matter of minutes (use the outside track).One of my highlights from the opening weekend wasn't the amazing bands or the super cool new friends I made (everyone is so friendly), but returning from the Fairgrounds where a group of random adults sang along with a toddler the "ABC" song in the back of the shuttle.  lolAnother highlight occurred at the Acura stage where JF volunteer staff berated and cajoled "homesteaders" trying to set up camp not 3 yards from the front barricade for general admission.  My freaking heroes! What is the point of sitting down and laying on blankets at the foot of the stage? GTFOSome tips:** If you don't plan on dancing or having a good time, do everyone a favor and don't get near the stage.  Enjoy the concert from way in the back.** If drinking makes you a belligerent douchebag, just stay on Bourbon Street.  Don't drink or learn how to have fun with other people.** Good music = good times.  Don't get in the way of that.  No one wants to listen to you talk and blabber during a band's entire set.  Shut up and enjoy whats taking place in front of you.** DO take advantage of the Second Line Shuttle ($18 roundtrip) at the Sheraton on Canal (ACROSS THE STREET FROM THE WORLD FAMOUS ARBY'S ON CANAL!!) or on Toulouse. Roughly the same amount as you'd get for a cab without the headache.  Be sure to allot at least an hour to be processed through the ticket line then the boarding line (then the search and JF ticket line).  Be social - enjoy the other groups participating like you are.** DO bring a water bottle with you.  Just fill it with vodka, though.  Yeah, do all the health stuff of protecting your skin, but keep your fun muscle limber by adhering to a strict alcohol regimen during Jazz Fest.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,7/14/2013,341,178,2,11,7>I don't often give 5 stars to a restaurant, but this one deserves it. A chef who can make the ubiquitous spring roll stand out like a shining star merits the most praise he  can get. The Rooster crows on Baronne in the DMV between the warehouse district and the CBD in the space of an old diner. It wears new clothes now, and is a fun place to visit with a great center bar I will def sit at the next time I come. I went to dinner here with 2 great friends. The husband of this couple has been obsessed with coming here since he first heard of its upcoming opening. He was right to be obsessed. We all felt the food was outstanding. The better half ordered the best so I'll start with her meal. First those spring rolls. How many times can you say "get the spring rolls?" I promise you this-- you won't be disappointed. You may have to guard them with your life if your dining companion(s) get a taste. They are shrimply delicious, with a great crunch. She also got a seafood based soup which was outstanding with a capital O. The obsessed one ordered ribs for an app, and I ordered the chicken wings. Both were excellent though I must say the ribs were better. We split 2 banh mi- the pork and the beef with pork belly. Both were gobble down good. And to top it all off, the wines by the glass list has excellent reds and whites at very reasonable prices. The bottom line is- I can't wait to go back, the best compliment any restaurant can get.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2013,7/13/2013,107,129,12,6,6>Want to see a vegan with a taste for blood? Even look like you're about to fuck with her french fries. My Favorite Vegan was feeling a little crazy after being out in French Quarter Fest and not having enough starchy carbs throughout the day. She needed french fries. With the lines making it hard to scan food booth signs for the simple sliced potatoes we attempted to find fries at Somethin' Else cafe only to discover their fryer was broken. The line was out the door at Oceana (must have been due to all that advertising on WWL radio) we ducked into here and got lucky to snag a table because a guy got fed up waiting for a drink.And then we waited.And waited.And waited.We waited a while and started wondering if we were going to catch Jerry Embree play but finally we were able to place a quick order for a large order of fries for MFV, some fried mozzarella for me, and a couple Abita Ambers. The waitress brought out the beers quickly enough then said."It's going to be a while."O_oO_O10 out of 10 for honesty but minus 1 million for "a while" since it seems like a long time for fries.Fortunately, a while wasn't that long and everything came out quickly much to the satisfaction of MFV.Then it started getting weird. (Not weird by New Orleans standards especially during a festival but weird none the less.)One older guy walks out from the back, stops at out table, looks at MFV's fries and asks "Are you going to eat all of that?"  My Favorite Vegan is nothing but polite and was able to confirm that she was in fact eating all of those even though she still had a rather crazed look in her eye.5 minutes later drunk frat guy walk by the our table screaming "FRENCH FRIES!" If he took one step closer we may have had a vegan with a taste for blood on our hands. In the end, the only red in her basket was ketchup and we made it in time to see Jerry.The lesson learned, never mess with my favorite vegan and her fries.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,7/12/2013,113,44,5,12,14>Wow!  I am very impressed with this krewe!  Their 2013 parade, only their second parade ever, was amazing.  The Ancient Krewe of Druids preceded Nyx on the route, with their theme being phobias related to the other carnival krewes.  The last float of Druids was their Nyx-themed float.  In turn, Nyx led their march with a band of "Druids" who ostensibly missed their floats.  It was good mutual lampooning - very clever.  The Nyx krewe members were super generous with the throws!  One woman lobbed a big ol' bag of beads at me, causing me to lose hold of my drink.  She saw and mouthed "sorry."  No need for that!  I had brought back-up.  :)  We caught a TON of beads, doubloons, cups, koozies, glowing things, stuffies, toy purses, and even one of the fabulous hand decorated purses!  The crowd was light, probably because of the weather, but that caused my kids to catch even more.  Adults in our vicinity, including The Friendliest Police Officer in New Orleans, brought their fun catches over to share with my kids.  How nice is that?!Nyx has rounded up some of the best marching groups in the city to enhance their parade.  Of note were the Sirens, the Muff-a-Lottas, the Pussyfooters, the Nola Cherry Bombs, and one group whose name escapes me but who had a nice group of black & gold clad dancers, followed by their own rather large brass band.  Oh, yes, and the fabulous 610 Stompers, one of whom ran over to high-five my son as a "future Stomper."  Cool!  And, Nyx recruited the best of the city's marching bands to dazzle the crowd.  Chalmette, Warren Easton, OP Walker, Helen Cox.  The John Ehret band was great, and the Xavier Prep band was also excellent.  While St. Aug only drummed by where we stood, I still got a lump in my throat as the long line of dad-volunteers marched before the band, moving the ever-encroaching crowd back to the curb to accommodate the Marching 100 (sorry, FAMU, in these parts, that's NOT y'all).  I will definitely be on the route next year.  This new parade really is too good to miss.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,7/11/2013,71,130,6,12,12>Oh Rusty Nail. Thanks for being you. I don't know what I would do without my trusty neighborhood bar, besides go home before 2 AM. The vibe of the Rusty Nail is not what you are expecting when you initially happen upon this place. Kinda dark, yes. Behind the warehouse condo, yes. Is this a dive bar? No it most certainly is not a dive, despite some people's allegations.The inside is cozy, the outside has a great patio. Both have excellent vibes. It has great music acts here, along with Opera on Tap when it's in season. Also, I like the food trucks and pop up kitchens that visit often. Drink prices are on par with the area, except the Crispin Cider draft. For some reason it costs $7 here where everywhere else it's $5. Also, like Lindsay A., I love me some Disco Lemonade... sweet disaster awaits......
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,7/10/2013,162,269,8,13,6>When my go-to pizza delivery place started changing their menu for the worse, I did what any sane fan would do and sobbed myself delirious. In my delirium, a menu for Magazine Pizza floated across my field of vision like a message from the gods. (Okay, so my roommate held it between me and the ceiling I was staring at despondently. There was no sobbing, either. Just grumping and acting like a lazy frat boy.) Let's be honest; when there is a pizza craving that powerful, curiosity is worth the cost of a little delivery. I took a chance my first order and tried one of their set specials...wow! I don't even recall what it was I ate that night, but I remember the after-glow of the dinner. There was a warm haze and so many happy sighs. I caught myself petting the pizza box and wondering (aloud) how I could have been so misguided to avoid this place before. So many facts about Magazine Pizza have crossed my memory and slipped out. It is owned by someone who has another restaurant in town--but which one? Where? No idea. All I know is that Magazine Pizza is not the only venture for this talented family. The suggested specials (the pizzas printed on the menu and loaded with all sorts of powerful flavor combos) are all charming, with a slightly unique spin. I felt like I was peeking at someone's favorite pizzas, not a chain-store list of trite topping suggestions. My roommates swear by the cheese sticks, garlic bread, and chicken wings. Me? I'm a pizza purist. Sadly, most of their salads need to be modified to handle my food allergies (which doesn't make me very happy). I have a new pizza love, and oh baby, is this worth it. I will run an extra mile for a slice of Magazine Pizza. Accessibility notes: (Based on delivery only.) No braille menu. Delivery options make this more accessible.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,7/6/2013,137,178,2,4,3>I absolutely loved my po boy fest experience yesterday. Going earlier in the day is definitely the key! My day started out with me being a little too hung over at first, so I went and got some Yakamein from Miss Linda, then I had to go find the Habanero Ginger Pork Belly po boy I heard about. The line was long, but my girl K was very strategic and got in a couple of other lines while I stood in line at Squeal. Going with at least one friend or in a group allows you to try many different po boys and if y'all are good strategists, it would drastically shorten your time spent waiting in line.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,7/5/2013,51,44,,4,3>Came here last month for my birthday- can't believe its taken me so long to review! I've only had brunch here, so I can't speak for the dinner menu, but it was fabulous! Love the interior of this building. I will say it must have been a slower day because the atmosphere wasn't too lively. But 5 stars for the food. The crab beignets are delicious. We had two orders of them and it wasn't enough. Perfectly golden fried, but so light. This app comes with 4 different remoulades, each one beneath a different beignet. I was selfish and tasted them all!I had the ricotta gnocchi with lobster. It doesn't look like a large dish when your first see it- but those ricotta gnocchi really hit the spot. It's not traditional gnocchi but literally ricotta. Very rich but really pillowy. The lobster and the sauce perfectly counter the rich gnocchi. Highly recommend. i also tried the shrimp and grits  and the grillades- also delicious. Brussels are a great side. I'm not a huge dessert person, but everyone at the table really dug the chocolate cake and peanut butter ice cream. My personal favorite was the grapefruit and rosemary house-made sorbet- so fresh! Looking back I wish I had tried some cheesecake... Overall a great experience!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,7/4/2013,166,165,,9,3>I recently served as a model for a technician training for a full set of lash extensions at NaturaLashes and I cannot rave enough about this business! First off, Sheila Cao (owner) also owns the Pure Skin Care & Lash Loft in the West Bank and she was a registered nurse for 12 years before pursuing her passion in beauty. Her lash extensions are specifically designed by her and manufactured for her - they cannot be purchased by other salons or technicians.  There is an obvious mutual respect between Sheila and her technician-in-training; Sheila was patient, gave constructive criticism and praised the technician's work; it gave me the sense that the business is drama-free and efficiently managed. It was also evident that Sheila cared about developing her technician's skills to ensure that her clients receive the best results. The salon is located in a strip mall and the inside was cheery and clean. I was escorted to a private room with a comfortable cushioned table/bed, leg pillow and blanket (in case I was cold). The technician played soothing music and there was minimal chit chat, bc talking makes your eyelids twitch which can impact the technician's work. It was an extremely relaxing experience and I'm sure I nodded off a time or two.  End result: longer, fuller lashes that make me feel like the prettiest girl! It's truly an art when you get good lashes done; the tech really paid attention to how the lashes should frame my eyes, chose the appropriate length and degree of curl - my final result does not look fake or tacky and I feel like they naturally accentuate my eyes. I was given extensive information in how to care for my extensions, what types of products to use and what not to do. I really have nothing bad to say about my experience! What astounded me was how busy they were; there was a constant stream of clients that came in out for the two hours that I was there. Clearly women love this place! I definitely plan on returning to have my lashes filled and would highly recommend their services!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,5/4/2011,147,473,4,8,7>Number four with smoke, yet to the onions. and a chili cheese fries.If you've been to bud's more than two or three times, you know what number you are. This is the original location, and also the only to accept credit cards. and now god has smiled down on us and made this location 24 hours.Thinking about the hamburger just pulled off of the charcoal grill mere feet away from me while I have a belly full of beer, well after midnight... yeah I think I need to change that from 4 stars to 5 stars.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,5/3/2011,161,1547,7,11,8>Droopy's has been in a couple of locations on Jeff Hwy over the years.  In the 90s they used to be closer to the parish line, across from Riverdale Middle School.  Now they are further out in Harahan.  Droopy's is a family run business and they know their repeat customers.  My oldest niece doesn't even have to order; she just says hi and out comes her favorite.  What reminded me to actually write a review was that my 13 year old niece recently had them make her a pickle snowball.  I was not with them to be grossed out, and I'm not entirely certain if they used syrup and then put a pickle in snowball or if they used pickle juice.  Maybe it's better that I don't know.  But it does show the lengths that they will go to please their customers (even if they are crazy).
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,5/2/2011,42,72,4,6,6>TEAM PARKWAY! Yes, I will take out my earrings and fight dirty in defending Parkway! What can I say? My passion for Parkway brings out the hood in me! (I'm from Oakland, CA).  Okayyy, so nothing is really "hood" about Parkway except parts of the neighborhood behind it. In front of it though, is the incredibly relaxing Bayou St. John. I live around there and the proximity to Parkway was definitely the cherry on top. My po'boy of choice is the fried shrimp po'boy dressed. I'd do some jaw stretching before you think you're going to get all of that bad boy in your mouth. Those pesky shrimp always find a way out of my bread, but they always end up back in. I challenge you to try and eat all the shrimp they overstuff in that sandwich. The fries are definitely worth getting and maybe splitting with someone-- or not! I've had many enjoyable nights at the bar with an Abita Amber and splitting a batch of fries. Word of caution: be careful when splitting a batch of cheese fries with a friend. It could cause tension over who gets the last fry with cheese on it. They are definitely worth broken friendships. I love the various seating options: either at the bar, restaurant style inside, or outside on the patio. Or heck, take an order to go and eat on the Bayou! They also do pick-up at the bar if you'd prefer the comfort of your home.CLOSED TUESDAYS! (Which is ironically always the day I want to go! You always want what you can't have!).
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,4/30/2011,211,183,2,6,4>This to me seems like it  is a super upscale version on the old Movie Pitchers.   Its pretty and fresh with BIG comfy seats.  We went first thing in the morning on our day off, so yes,  I had a drink!   We had lunch plans elsewhere, so we opted not to eat, but the menu looked appetizing enough.The customer service was stellar!    These are kids though, making no doubt the minimum one could possibly make in a movie theater and they made us newbies feel like most welcomed guests (unlike that shrew at L'occitane-see my review for THAT debacle). Very nice concession sales, bar sales, usher, server, all so very nice and well mannered.  Quite possibly  the nicest workers in New Orleans.  I enjoyed a great movie in a great seat in a modest screening room.   I am glad  I went, I am going back soon, as it was just such a great experience.First showing was only ten dollars, which is only 2.50 more than regular price at one of the megaloplexes.  And such a nice place too.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2011,4/29/2011,63,50,,9,4>This review is for the HAPPY HOUR only.Lum had a chance to leave early from work so we decided to take advantage of the opportunity and actually make it in time for a happy hour special.  Hard to pass up on $0.50 oysters and half-off drinks, amirite? Fun new fact, at least for me: P&J oysters (the ones offered for Luke's happy hour) are from a local oyster shucking company in New Orleans. I still have so much to learn about this city.FOOD: Oyster heaven (at least in quantity).Over the course of our stay, the two of us ordered six-dozen oysters. The majority of them were on the smaller side, but thats probably more a result of the oil spill ramifications than anything else. However, what Luke can control is the amount of water still left in the shells. To an extent, all oysters will have some water residue as a result of cleaning, but these were literally soaked in water to the point where slurping the oysters down wasn't really an option since you'd get a mouthful of liquid to go with them. On the plus side, they were very clean. I was also hoping for another sauce besides the basic cocktail and horseradish, but it wasn't as big of a deal as the water issue.Lum's mint julep was definitely on the strong side so depending on your drinking preferences this can be a positive or negative. Luke has a couple in-house brews available as well, and the Luke Fru (blonde) I tried was actually pretty decent as far as blondes go: "wheat-ie" taste, smooth finish.SERVICE: Professional but absent-minded and over-extended.Our server was nice, engaging, quick with jokes, and seemed like he knew what he was doing. The problem was that it looked like he was the only server for the entire front room so it took awhile to get anything from him. Even when he seemed like he had a spare moment it was almost impossible to get his attention. Case in point, I was more than willing to order at least another drink or two and another two dozen oysters from him, but with all the long waits in-between service (drink sitting empty 15 minutes, finished oysters on table 10 minutes) happy hour was unfortunately over and we had other engagements. From my viewpoint, it looks like they need more staff.While the staffing issue is pretty much uncontrollable by the staff on the floor, short-changing customers on oysters is not. Good thing I counted our oyster orders because we were short four on the first order of two dozen. That's pretty unacceptable, but kudos to our server for taking care of it and adding the missing ones to our next order.ATMOSPHERE: Like stepping back in time.I like it. Newspapers hanging from wood poles at different sections of the restaurant, cherry wood everywhere, hunting trophy head over the bar, sweet bar stools. With the music playing overhead it felt like a scene from Boardwalk Empire. It's one of those restaurants where someone could have a nice relaxing meal but it wouldn't seem out of place to see higher-society types getting a little boisterous. Noise suits Luke.RELATIVITY: How does it compare to expectations and other restaurants in its class?Slightly not as good as expected, especially when considering the class of restaurant that Luke is embracing.  One glance at their regular dinner menu and it's clear what type of clientele they are catering to and what style of dining they're wanting to provide. The quality didn't match up with the expectations, I guess.OVERALL: Three stars overall, no bonus for relativity.This is probably one of the best happy hour deals you're going to see in the city value-wise, but if a place wants to convince me to come back for a dinner experience then even the nitty-gritty parts of happy hour should be up to snuff. I guess based on Luke's pedigree, I expected better-prepared oysters and a bit better service than what we received.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,4/27/2011,23,494,3,10,10>If you happen to be on Fulton Street, want to patronize a place owned by locals, desire a casual place to hear yourself have a conversation and later on listen to some great live local music, this is your place.  The venue is split between a cozy bar area (complete with a HUGE blues guitar above it made in a very creative manner) with TVs, great lounge areas (one with comfy sofas the other with sofas, a big screen TV, and a pool table) both with amazing artwork by local New Orleans artists. On the other side, is a very cool space with high tables and exposed brick to hear live music in a "shotgun" style room. During Christmas they hung a decorated tree upside down in this room and it was perfectly awesome.I have been to 12 Bar on many other occasions; attended their opening night with Treme Brass band and the 101 Runners (which was freaking amazing), to hang out with friends, attend a Birthday party celebration, keep the fun going after a Christmas party, and just to stop in and have an adult beverage. The bartenders are hilarious, always extremely nice, and consistently accommodating no matter how big the crowd gets.I also happened to be here on New Years when Bonerama was playing with a group of friends and it was a lot of fun  We got the VIP package and were treated just as that.  They reserved a lounge area for us and it was complete with bottle service, party favors, and an overall good time. It was a really great night.  We sat, talked and mingled until Bonerama came on and then we rocked it into the New Year with one of the best bands New Orleans has to offer.  They played "The Ocean" which I honestly think doesn't get any better.Like Susan said, they don't have food (sometimes they have crawfish boils).  But honestly there are plenty of places on Fulton that you can grab a bite if that is what you want.  This place is a live music venue/bar/lounge you don't see food at the Maple Leaf or the Spotted Cat do you?  Not that I am trying to compare those atmospheres because they all have their own vibe, as does 12. This is a perfectly unpretentious, cool, casual, New Orleans spot.If you haven't been yet, I suggest you drop in and give it a whirl.  Right now, Sundays are Salsa night and on Wednesdays you can catch the Bass-a-holics.  They always have something new on their event calendar and local live music playing here.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,4/26/2011,83,80,4,5,7>Not only is this where I had my a-ha moment of clarity that I had to move to New Orleans, in November of 2009 during my umpteenth visit to the city, sitting on my suite's beautiful balcony overlooking the oak trees on Esplanade, this guest house was also my first home in this city. The Rathbone, or "The Bone" as my friends and I lovingly referred to it after my 8 week stay during "Summer of Fun 2010", will always have a very special place in my heart. I will always refer my out-of-town friends who don't want to crash on my air mattress, and also plan to spend every anniversary of being a resident, here.Tip: they do weekly rates in both their "B&B" rooms and their "efficiency" rooms. If you're NOT coming here for special events like Jazz Fest or Mardi Gras, but are planning to spend some time, that's certainly worth looking into. The efficiency rooms are in the Rathbone II across the street, but you have full use of the pool in the back of the main mansion, and trust me, my friends and I took FULL advantage of that with many a pool party. The off-season weekly rate was $275 for the efficiency, quite reasonable, although I didn't have access to laundry and the shower had fairly low water pressure. You get a microwave and fridge, no frills and basic, but I wasn't spending much time in my room - uhm, did I mention the pool?!Dog friendly and Renee, the manager who run this place, truly demonstrates good ol' southern hospitality at its finest. In fact, the first place I rented in Mid-City ended up being a total nightmare, and had to get to out ASAP. My money was tied up in the security deposit and first month rent for that place but I called Renee, explained the desperate situation and lack of available funds - he replied without missing a beat: "Girl, you want your keys back? I'll leave them in the mailbox and you just pay me when you can. You're family now."
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/1/2010,4/25/2011,284,730,3,5,3>Went last week for a birthday celebration to this lone outpost in this neighborhood's restaurant wilderness. I was quite apprehensive when I first arrived, as we were the only diners in the place. For Halloween weekend in New Orleans, this was a big red flag for this diner.Our server was very attentive, helpful and patient with our questions and queries. We ordered the following:Fried Green Tomatoes with a Cajun seafood sauce Barbecued Shrimp Chicken and Andouille GumboCream of Squash soup Grilled Choice Rib Eye SteakFried Soft Shell CrabShrimp & Catfish platePork Ravioli Vegan mish-mash offeringThe pluses:Generous portionsThe soups were rich and flavorful.The steak was one of the best cuts I've enjoyed in quite some time!The ravioli was quite good, despite its description (pineapple? really?).The crab was succulent and fresh!The minuses:The breading for the crab, fish and tomatoes was identical.The tomatoes were bland and too greasy. Also, the same sauce was offered for the tomatoes that was on the crab - which didn't work.All the sides were cold.The Barbecued Shrimp were inedible; the sauce was basically a thinned roux mix, and the shrimp were cold, too.I passed on dessert, as I'm not a bread pudding fan. We were told by our affable server about brunch, but their website (which could use serious proofreading and updating) doesn't list those hours.All in all, I'd come back here for a steak and martini, and perhaps fried seafood and sit at the bar. From the location, it screams to be the place to go when you shouldn't be with the people you're with...
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,4/24/2011,154,280,5,5,4>I had about 2 days of recovering to do after Krewe Du Vieux! This included moving around at the speed of a sloth and having more spaghetti and meatballs delivered to my house pronto! (I mention this affliction in Nonna Mia's review!) I called Nonna Mia first but they said they were completely slammed and brushed me off. So I crossed my fingers and checked with the Olive Branch and they were friendly, prompt, and delicious. The spaghetti was great, thinner pasta and not mountains of it like a lot of other places. The sauce tasted like it was from scratch, it also had a few layers of spice to it, with which I was pleasantly surprised! The meatballs weren't too dense or too bready, but just in between which is perfect for me. However there was no parmesan cheese in sight and it really needed some... Well, a lot of things taste better covered in a fine blanket of parmesan!! But it did have two slices of grilled garlic toast which was pretty tasty, and there was so much food I couldn't finish- all for about $12! I think there's gonna be some serious "sketti delivery" competition going down in Mid-City over the next few weeks! ; ) *Stay tuned to find out who wins the delivery challenge and how many times Miss Elaineous desperately dials out for her favorite hangover comfort food!!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,4/23/2011,154,99,5,10,7>First I want to apologize to the staff of Twisted for not writing this review sooner. I have been there twice and I will keep coming back. My girl, Gerlaine has cut my hair twice and I'm always happy with the results. She even trims my beard!The other staff here are friendly and like to talk with the customers. I actually stayed there for an extra 20 minutes just hanging out. The Atmosphere is pretty cool as they converted a house-type building and made it funky. Twisted is a perfect balance of avant garde, sophistication, and professionalism. Plus, they give you a discount if you mention Yelp.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/25/2013,37,139,3,7,5>The bf and I decided to stop in last Sat night for a Cuban sandwich. What we got was a friendly welcome from the owner (Andy, I think) who shared his family's story while making our sandwiches. I was admiring the coffee menu and as I walked away to sit down, Andy must have asked my bf if we drink coffee. A few mins later, I was being summoned back to the counter to try a coffee he whipped up just for me to try. It was called Cafe' Cubano and it was a little piece of heaven. He gave me a piece if French bread with butter to dip in it...saying that's the Cuban way. It was delish as well. Now to the sandwich. Amazing! Perfectly toasted and pressed. I'm not a fan of too much bread so this was perfect for me. I look forward to trying more from the menu.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,8/24/2013,68,72,,6,3>I've been here three times already and I have no intention of slowing that frequency down!  I think this place has a lot of potential.  I really hope that people catch on to it and help to make it successful.From the outside, you're not sure what to expect.  It was once a Shoney's so it's hard to imagine it as fine dining spot.  However, when you walk in...you can sense the attention to detail in decor.  It's a wide open space so not very intimate but a generally pleasing space.  Now to the food...The blue cheese chips - OMG delicious!  The salmon dip - YUM!I had the ribs on my first trip and was very pleased with them.  Second time around, I had the chicken and waffle.  I've been to Roscoe's in LA (more than one location)Gladys Knight's in Atlanta and Sylvia's in NYC and I must say, Legacy's version of chicken and waffles is outstanding!!  It was my pleasure to devour this meal.  It is extremely filling though so be prepared to feel like a porker when you're done.  I actually saved some for dinner and was equally happy eating it the second time.I had the Legacy Burger as Mmy entree on my third visit was not impressed, unfortunately.  I found the burger to be overcooked and the fries not very tasty.  In spite of this last experience, I still recommend this spot.  They offer a nice change from some of the other chains out in Metairie and truly serve delicious meals.  Check it out!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,8/23/2013,118,98,5,6,5>Great neighborhood bar with friendly bartenders, a great juke box and a fabulous men's room.  Be sure to check out Taco Tuesdays!  Eat Mah Taco pops up and serves some amazing grub!  She changes the menu every week, so there's always something good to try.  Highlights are the Baja Ha fried cod taco, the Masala Holla chicken tikka masala taco and also the Squeal Blue Big BBQ pulled pork with blue cheese and cilantro slaw.  She also offers a "2 for $2" taco every week.Note to the owners:  Please upgrade the women's room to look as nice as the men's room!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/22/2013,87,163,,4,3>It turns out that for this place the third time was indeed the charm.  The first time I tried to come they were closed already (after 3pm), the second time they were having a staff meeting and had just changed their hours, and the third time was today.  I am guessing... but I would say that it is taking them a while to figure out what days/hours will work best for them in their Lakeview neighborhood.  Today I had a latte and an almond biscotti.  The coffee was actually really good, and I liked the biscotti too.  They had what appears to be some amazing looking desserts... specifically I want to eat a piece of that strawberry tiramisu.  I will have to wait for another day. My only complaint is that it was 11:00 AM and there were several things that appealed to me as dessert, but not really breakfast.The inside of this place is Victorian style cute... it fits with the Victorian style house theme.  There is a good amount of seating with both small and large tables.  They also have 2 coffee bars (counters with sugar/milk/etc.) which means that it should be quick to get your coffee together during a morning rush.  The staff was also very friendly.If I could give a suggestion to this place it would be... create a more cohesive identity.  When I think of Victorian I think of tea and pastries.  Clearly, based on the reviews, the pastries are the highlight.  There should be more pastries.  How about some tea cakes/ scones?
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,8/21/2013,105,131,3,7,5>Just go there for yourself you will see what I mean, decor, food, drinks,service,ambiance and Chef Dominque is an ultra talented who can say they served Nelson Mandela his first free South African citizen after his major jail sentence a South African Shrimp Remoulade??
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,8/20/2013,58,253,4,4,4>Love Thoth! If you've felt a little sad because of how few beads you've received during Mardi Gras, well make your way to Thoth so you can acquire a bead-induced neck ache. We took some MG noobs to Thoth who were really excited about bringing beads back to their classrooms (out of town teachers). They left with four tote bags worth of beads. Beware of heavy objects - Thoth is a huge fan of throwing giant unopened bags of beads. Although I never catch it that early, I really like that Thoth rolls near the children's hospital and some other spots not on the regular route so people can enjoy the parade.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,8/19/2013,15,434,7,19,12>Here's a little background info about the Cemetery.  In the mid 1800's it was the site of a Country Club and Race Track. If you google map it, you can see the the outlines of the oval track. It was a popular place with the wealthy elite at the time, and they refused to allow a man named Charles T. Henry to become a member. (This was because he was nouveau riche, having gained his wealth from starting the Louisiana State Lottery).  Because of this rebuke, he vowed that he would one day buy the club and turn it into a cemetery, which he did after the Civil War.Metairie Cemetery is one of my favorite places in the world to spend a day. I don't know how many hours I have spent here and I never get tired of it.  It is, in my opinion, the most beautiful and interesting cemetery in New Orleans. There are many notable people buried here (Louis Prima, Jim Garrison, Mel Ott, and numerous soldiers and historical figures), however I found the "regular" people's crypts much more beautiful and interesting.This place has something to offer for everyone- whether you're a history buff or not.  It's very well maintained and lovingly cared for.  The grounds are immaculate.  The office will provide you with a free map, and they will provide you with directions to the most interesting monuments. There is a self-guided audio tour, also free. I love just wandering around.  Every time I come I find something new.  I think the grounds are around 180 acres, with paved roads, and large grassy areas, so if you're looking for a peaceful place to run or go for a leisurely bike ride you will love it here.  It's also a great place to take photos!It is also easily accessible from the Quarter.  Board the Canal Streetcar, and take it to the end, where Canal St and Canal Blvd meet. The Cemetery is about a 5min walk, you will see it on the other side of the I-10 overpass.  There are other smaller cemeteries to visit there as well.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2013,8/18/2013,21,332,9,13,6>PASSÉ CONCEPT IN A VERY 2009 ANTISEPTIC & hackneyed, no-frills, cavernous space. There are long lines here at lunch (by the uninformed) as well as a lack of seating.  I guess they're a victim of their own past success. But, that shouldn't last much longer, the cool kids are now migrating to...BETTER NEWLY OPENED "ON TREND" BURGERS AT:  Phil's Grill, or District Donuts & Sliders; both opened this year, both buck last decade vapidity and opt for genuiness, and both offer a more varied high quality, less expensive product.WORSE, THE HUBRIS HERE IS LAUGHABLY PRETENTIOUS: from the cashiers to the cliquish chefs, Company Burger is one of those pompous hash houses staffed with condescending shop girls.  C'mon CB, sell Oprah the handbag.  You're just a fading burger joint not a Rodeo Drive bistro.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,8/17/2013,214,152,5,12,9>From the ashes of Pravda, Cane and Table emerges as a new and exciting alternative to the dive-centric lower Decatur street. It's beautiful, bright courtyard, pleasant atmosphere and creative rum-centered drink menu lead to a pleasant night out. Much hype and excitement had been building since the creators of Cure purchased the absinthe bar Pravda many months earlier. Nick Dietrich, one of my favorite bartenders from Cure, was tapped to become the head honco, so I was excited to check it out as soon as possible. Let me also mention that they have a full kitchen. The hummus was stellar, and I will definitely be back to try more of their offerings. I noted a large selection of vegetarian options, as well as rice/peas/sausage, and other Caribbean dishes. Their drink menu does feature rum, but there are also gin and whiskey drinks, so fear not, rum haters! There is also the exciting/adorable option of having your drink in a pineapple, for only $5 more. I had the Colada drink, and instantly regretted on passing up the pineapple. I can't wait to go back and update this review, as there are SO many more drinks for me to try!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,8/16/2013,154,99,1,13,10>Way back, 4 years ago, this place was pretty dive-y. Dark, uninviting, and cramp...really cramp. They basically converted a house on Lee Circle into a bar with live music. But they left it looking like a house so you had all this negative space that wasn't be utilized properly. If you came to see some live music, you were basically in the band's play space.Then Circle Bar closed for a good time as they made some renovations and boy did it make a difference! It has kept some of its dive-bar-ness but infused it with a touch of style. The whole bar area with the expose brick really gets my attention every time I come. It reminds me of One Eyed Jack's front bar area. Not only can you get your fancy mixed drinks but you can also get $2 PBR. The live music area was also expanded but it still feels like I'm on top of the band as they play. This is fine with me because I know most of the bands members that I come here to see. Their sound system is alright; nothing as sophisticated as Tipitina's or Howlin' Wolf but it gets the job done. The more I think about it, the more I assume that the musicians themselves enjoy this space and sound system.Overall, I enjoy Circle Bar very much and it's a great place to start an evening or go see some great live music in a more intimate setting.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,7/26/2013,93,281,8,15,14>I am a person who really makes every effort not to dine out alone. But of course it happens as it did today. After a small biscuit for breakfast I was longing for a good burger. Read the reviews of burger places in my neighborhood on YELP and decided to check out Cowbell at the end of Oak St. in Carrollton. Parked nearby on the street and observed people enjoying the milder weather on this day dining en plein air. I entered the odd neighborhood type of business and was immediately greeted by a server. Asked if I wanted a seat at the bar I took one of the many empty seats. This was after the general lunch hour. The ambiance is gritty. All kinds or artwork, signs, bottle tops, and just weird stuff in a nice New Orleans kind of way. The music was a bit loud and hard for my taste but it did not interfere with my enjoyment of this one of a kind burger establishment. The bar seats are made for some small ass people. That I am not. And there is no foot rest. But I was able to rest a foot on the chair next to me since I was after the lunch crowd. No real problem. They do not take reservations and that is something that normally keeps me away from a place for dinner. The reason was explained to me and with the small size of the place inside I understood. There is community seating inside the restaurant. Not a bad selection of Bourbon and Scotch but limited on the Vodka choices. Good selection of beer and wine and the prices are reasonable. My pour of Maker's Mark was not bad. The iced tea really taste good and has to be home made. The service, and I did have the owner making sure I was taken care of on my first visit, was the best. Informative as to what is available with great recommendations for a newbie. And also attentive at the right times without being overbearing made the lunch even more pleasant.Well I did write I went in for a burger. And I ordered the special Turkey Burger that came with green chili BBQ, bacon, white cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes, onions and fries. When I asked about whitewash Krista did not know what I wanted. Explained it was a term used in the restaurant industry in the days before she was born for mayonnaise. She then explained that two sauces come with the burger to use as a spread. After she explained the ingredients in the ketchup and the mayonnaise base sauces I left the regular mayonnaise alone. Of the two I preferred the ketchup base sauce and I am not a big ketchup person. I enjoyed my lunch very much and had a good time using and mixing the sauces on each and every bite of the burger. It was all good.On Wednesdays there is a special of Chicken and Waffles dish. Had I not had a hankering for burger that would have been my selection. Will be back to test out that one in the future. The serving was sufficient to fill my appetite but when Krista described one of the homemade desserts I gave in. It is a Creamsicle; ice cream pie with a meringue topping. Now I sent back a few French fries to the dishwasher but this dessert was not going to the bust pan no matter that I was quite contented with the amount of food I had enjoyed. The dessert plate went to the dishwasher quite clean. And the bill came in a tin can. A first for me to ever receive the charges in a tin can and I like that. The overall experience at Cowbell lifts my rating to a Four Star. This includes the food, very good and friendly service without being overbearing, the crazy ambiance and décor, and the uniqueness of the entire dining experience.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,7/25/2013,98,1428,3,19,13>I may have just discovered my new go-to coffee spot.Early yesterday I was driving down Magazine Street and noticed sign outside of Stein's that advertised a new coffee shop. Always on the lookout for new places to try, I parked in Stein's lot and headed inside.Because it was inside of another business I did not expect such a variety of offerings. I decided to start with an iced coffee. Prior to adding sweetener, I took a sip. I am quite glad that I did as this was the best iced coffee I had ever tasted. I am not sure how she did it, but the owner was able to do what no other coffee purveyor has done. It was so well brewed that it did not need anything other than ice. Because I wanted to see what else this new shop could do, I ordered a latte. While not a huge fan of lattes in general, I realize it takes a certain skill to make designs in the froth. My design was heart which was very fitting since I now love this shop.The owner is also the barista and besides making an excellent cup of coffee, she is very friendly and knowledgeable. I thoroughly enjoyed standing around drinking my coffee and talking with her about her business.Don't be put off by the fact that the shop is inside of another business. The concept works very well. Because Stein's has lots of tables, you could get a coffee, sit down and work or study. Then when lunchtime rolls around, order a sandwich and continue working.I really liked Cherry Coffee. If you are looking for an excellent cup of coffee and incredibly friendly service, i encourage you to check it out.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/16/2013,7/24/2013,29,142,1,9,4>Alright, I know it seems like everyone is giving 5 stars, but I'm aiming this writeup at parents.  If you are going to take a baby in a stroller, GO EARLY.  The first 2-3 hours on Saturday (2013) were great, but the crowds really picked up and by early afternoon, there were many places we physically couldn't walk our stroller through.  As with any NOLA festival, you'll have to contend with the drunks too.  Not an issue if you don't have your family with you, but not ideal when strolling my baby girl around.  We will definitely keep going to NOLA festivals, but will go early and leave when things pick up.  Sadly, in this case, we found ourselves stranded in a sea of bodies.  Almost like being stuck in a flash flood.  Before we knew what hit us, it was too late and we were having to move folks out of the way to get our daughter to an open area.  This event is good for kids if you stick to the streets and avoid the more crowed areas around Jackson Square and Woldenberg park.  This is definitely a 5 star event if you plan on getting a babysitter and going native.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/23/2013,33,141,5,5,4>This place is architecturally significant!  It says so in a textbook I have from the one college architecture course I took (which of course makes me an expert).  A little history helps put this place in perspective.  Constructed in 1978 and restored in 2003, it is a very well respected post modern piece of architecture.  Visitors and residents were to emerge from the tight confines of the surrounding streets and emerge onto an open Italian style city square.  Well, it didn't quite work out that way (more to do with the surrounding area than the Piazza itself), but it is still probably my favorite spot in the entire city, a serene oasis.  Next time you are close by, check it out and do me one favor.  Stop for a couple minutes and really soak it in.  Walk the steps, dip your feet in the water, look at it close and from afar.  Maybe you'll fall in love with it like I did.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,7/22/2013,48,200,,6,5>Defintely the best tapas option in New Orleans. I love the area as well.It's definitely not as stuffy as Salu, and the menu feels more authentically Spanish.Lots of options, great for lunch or dinner.We came in the middle of a rain storm and the power actually went out while we were there. Needless to say we were set to leave but they were like "we have candles and a gas stove, sit down". They cooked our meal by candle light on a gas stove and it was excellent. That alone will make me come back here again and again
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,7/21/2013,69,47,3,5,3>Have a weird vintage bike?  Take it it FX motorsports.  They're the only place in town that doesn't shy away from (or mess up) old bikes.  They're helped me with my '82 Honda Passport C70 and my far more normal '96 Honda Rebel 250 many times.  They're pretty fast, friendly, and reasonably priced.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,7/20/2013,43,77,3,8,4>We love Maurepas. I brought my folks in last night and realized I had never reviewed them. I love that they have the menu organized into veggie/starches and meats/fish. They have great cocktails and an affordable wine list. They seemed to have upped the decor a little from the last time I was in and it is a nice improvement, cool art made from old window frames hangs all over the walls.  We ordered the small charcuterie and cheese plates to start, and they were really awesome. Crawfish and basil mousse, housemade bread, foie gras, some kind of cured duck. You so have to eat the brussel sprouts and strawberry hot sauce. They were flash-fried and had lamb belly mixed up in there and we really could have ordered another round of them. The beets were also incredible. Oh, and dessert. I wasn't expecting to have out of this world dessert for some reason here. Then the strawberry, blondie, and almond semifreddo dessert came out and oh. my. god. Skip: The mussels. The mussels were in a beer broth, which now that I think back on it doesn't sound very appetizing to start with. And it wasn't. It was super hoppy and none of the flavors blended at all, thought it would be way more subtle. It wasn't. Also, skip the squash and pickled mulberry starter. Baby squash are so in season right now so I expected them to be out of this world but they were nothing special. Our server was SUCH a good sport. He had on a fedora. My parents were in vacation mindset aka we can take pictures of this server and be ridiculous because we are on vacation and he played along so well  :-) Go in and order right now: Those brussels spouts. The redfish and creamed oyster andouille. I get really redfished out living in NOLA, but this dish was really on point. The pork shoulder and goat tacos were also delicious. Oh, don't leave without eating the strawberry and almond dessert. Actually, go in right now and order two.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,7/19/2013,61,118,4,6,3>Talk about a double threat! Anybody who knows me or has had read my reviews knows I loves me some Lilly's Cafe....my fave low priced Vietnamese in N.O.La. Now, two doors down, Lilly has opened a great nail salon that is inexpensive and has really impressed my tough customer (on her nails) of a girlfriend as well as me.    My sweetie Paige wanted a manicure before we went overseas in January and tried the "gel manicure" and is now a true believer. Not only was she very pleased with the look, she was blown away by the durability (as I said, she is really tough on her nails and normally reapplies polish more than once a week). She has since returned for another (Mardi Gras purple!) and is straight up a fan.    I loved my deluxe pedicure...so relaxing!...and will be back again.    Added bonus: they'll bring you a lemonade,Vietnamese iced coffe or other tasty beverage if you ask nicely.    I love Lilly's assorted businesses!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,7/18/2013,54,438,3,12,5>Previously I've gone to Taj Mahal for dinner but now I've had the great fortune to experience the buffet. The buffet may look small but that actually works as an advantage. You can be sure that everything is fresh because they're bringing out more of it almost constantly as it runs low. There are several selections for both vegetarians and those of us that eat meat. Typically there's naan, 4 or 5 entree selections, rice, salad, and dessert. Don't fill up too quickly or you'll miss out on killer rice pudding. Yum.Overall it's a great deal. If you want to sample different things before coming back for dinner or want to save some cash vs the slightly pricier entrees you can't beat the lunch buffet.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,7/17/2013,196,337,4,9,6>The lady bartender in here is AMAZING. I can't remember her name but she has not done me wrong yet! Every-time I visit she makes a superb cocktail that makes me want to come back.  I love me some fancy and Swizzle Stick did not disappoint. I went once during happy hour and got very cheap Sangria that was amazing. Also she made this delectable drink called Halle Berry that was just yummy! I have no complaints about the cocktails.The location is great, located inside the Lowes. It's actually easy parking area in my opinion. ALSO.... VALET PARKING which was free (Does a dance) Normally you can find street parking long as no special events are in town. If you get hungry and want to live it up a little you can visit Cafe Adelaide connected right to it. This can be a good location to go have a drink alone or meet up with some folks after work in my opinion. Some hot men in suits can always be found in here too so that doesn't hurt either.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,8/5/2013,142,98,4,10,11>This was such a fun (and delicious) event!Featuring tasty offerings from La Cocinita, Frencheez, Empanada Intifada, Rue Chow, NOLA Girl, Brigade Coffee, Dat Dog, Grilling Shelling, Beignet Roule, and NOLA Pie Guy. Whew.I had an empanada stuffed with pulled pork and some sort of zesty grapefruit sauce from Empanada Intifada, as well as muffuletta beignets with a spicy remoulade from Beignet Roule and capped it off with a blackberry handpie from Rue Chow.  Everything was fantastic!  There were long tables set up for communal-style dining, tables selling beer and mixed drinks, and live music playing. There was even a film screening (This Is Spinal Tap) inside the adjacent Bayou Treme Center.Thanks to My House NOLA for organizing this series, which is currently happening every Tuesday in May, in a different neighborhood of the city each week. In light of the struggle for food trucks to gain fair legislation in the city, events like this really help to legitimize their cause and show that they're valuable (and delicious. Did I say delicious?) assets to the already-amazing food culture here!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,8/4/2013,100,147,3,7,5>I've been training with Eric Capers at Pro Fitness Trainers for a week now, and even though it's too early to see major changes, I'm definitely a fan of the process. For the past 10 years, I've been trying to lose that stubborn "freshman 20" I put on in college, and eventually I came to realize that I'm just not dedicated enough to push through the pain and discomfort of a decent work out. Yeah, that sounds bad, and it is, but I've realized my weakness and I'm moving on - to PFT.The first day I went in for a fitness assessment with Eric, he took my weight, recorded my body fat (eek!) and put me through a battery of exercises to see how much of a workout my body could handle. The answer? Not very much at all - apparently I have about 2 muscles in my entire body :-) But that's how great Eric is; he's got a great sense of humor, and the ability to motivate me to try harder without being a bully or even losing a beat. He never makes you feel like a loser for not being He-Man, something that I've experienced (and hated) at other gyms. He's also always smiling and cheerful, and knows when it's OK to push you harder and when it's time to give you a little break. Considering the fact that doing a side plank makes me cry like a baby, I love that he knows when I'm just being my normal mess and when it's actually time to give me a breather. You can tell he's been in the business for a long time.Since starting I've moved from doing three or four lousy pull ups to 25+ reps (OK, so it's on an assisted machine, but whatever, I'm going to celebrate the little things). I can feel muscles in my arms that I didn't know I had...so I'm pretty sure this is going to work. I'll check back to review once my "transformation" is complete, but just wanted to let Yelp know that Pro Fitness Trainers is a winner in my book!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,8/3/2013,222,108,5,6,5>Service was amazing,  They really took care of us.Food was amazing.  We had the meat platter for starters and I had the Turkey Melt.  Damn good.  Some others at my table had the pizzas and the mac and cheese.  Everyone was very happy with their meal.Beer selection was amazing.  They had 6 beers on draft and  I loved that EVERYTHING on draft was local.    I also loved that their beer bottle list was bigger than their wine list.  Awesome.Overall this is a great restaurant!!  Loved the food, atmosphere and service.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,8/2/2013,58,365,5,5,5>Holy sex on a po boy! That was AMAZING!I had heard about parkway originally from a coworker months back. But, to be honest, I've always considered po boys to be glorified subs. Sandwiches at best. Nothing special. I couldn't understand the hype! After coming here, I can understand why I thought that. Because no other po boy has ever been or ever will compare to the surf and turf po boy at Parkway. It is delicious! Succulent, rich, and flavorful roast beef with tender huge shrimp on crispy yet soft, fresh bread. Wow. Just wow. Get it to go and go eat it on the bayou!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,8/1/2013,254,539,4,7,5>I had to experience what everyone was talking about...Taceaux Loceaux, Taceaux Loceaux, Brisket, Taceaux Loceaux...is all I've been hearing. A Taco Craving was in full effect, so I jumped on twitter to find their spot for the night.  They tweeted 45 Tchop approx 7pm.  So the mission began.  Hours passed as I waited for 7pm. I tried to nap but had visions of tacos dancing in my head. Once I arrived to the less than desireable part of town, I safely parked in Rouses lot and staked out the truck.  Upon arrival, they weren't open, but I could hear the chatter from the open door of 45 Tchop less than 2 feet away... if I'm going to wait, I might as well have a drink *uhem* I mean, stay out of the cold... into the cloud of smoke I went as I patiently waited their opening. A quick 15mins later, they were open. With no line, they so kindly allowed me to split the double taco tray into 2 types of tacos. --I'm a girl who can't make up her mind -- one BBQ pork and one infamous brisket.  A steep $7 and a couple minutes later, I scooped up my plate and rushed off to my car.  I normally take photos for the yelp crowd, but these tacos didnt last.  The BBQ sauce was so unique - not sure if they make it themselves but its DAMN good!  The brisket, slightly charred flavor with a light oil coating on your tongue. Crisp radish and fresh cilantro add texture and another layer of flavors. I loved these tacos!! I actually thought the BBQ pork was better than the brisket.  I sat in my car gazing at the truck wanting another taco. Just one, a little more BBQ sauce is all I need.  I resisted and quickly regretted it. Rule #1: 2 tacos are not enough. Double up!Rule #2: These tacos are worth great lengths.Rule #3: You're likely to get BBQ sauce all down your shirt - check your clothing before you continue on with your day.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,7/31/2013,216,410,3,15,11>Fresh clean atmosphere. Very friendly staff. We even had a table visit from a manager in a chef coat. I ordered the salad with grilled shrimp option for 6.95. You also have the option to add 6 items besides your salad dressing.  I love that they carry fresh kalamata olives and not the canned ones like Izzo's and Subway, etcAll of the ingredients were extremely fresh actually. We tried the chips with artichoke dip and connoli pieces with a cream cheese and chocolate chip dip. Yum! the sides were reasonably priced at $3.Three different types of teas. Peach mango, lemon green tea(unsweetened) and raspberry.  Another nice feature is that you can place your order online before hand and choose dine in OR take out. This feature starts when they open at 11. Parking lot is on rear of building. We were there at 11:30 and had no problem. My next visit I want to try their spicy tomato cream sauce over angel hair and maybe add artichoke hearts and shaved parmesan;)Overall everything had a very good fresh flavor and priced right.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,7/30/2013,295,505,7,6,5>4/5 I AM SINGING. I AM SINGING. I AM BEING LOUD.i love it. love love love it. and that check in offer for a BOGO? love that too. combined with a heavy pour, i was hitting notes that only dogs could hear. it was music in my own damn head. there is some real talent and community going on here folks, and the song choices are true gems. just give in, start tapping that foot, bobbing your head, singing along...softly. like an embarrassed whisper.then louder. and louder. and with the throng of a thousand drunk angels, give into it. melt into melody (or tonedeafness) and let it be.there is no shame. only superstardom.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,7/29/2013,64,156,9,16,10>Oh Canine Connection, how I love you! Let me bust out a list to explain why:1) Your hours are great and, dare I say, better than any other doggie place in town. They open at 6am on weekdays, which is perfect for sad me who has to leave my sweet baby fur child with yall and commute up to Baton Rouge at an unholy hour in order to get to my 8:30 class on time. Plus, they are one of the only places in town with daycare on the weekends.2) Speaking of my fur child, Daisy loves yall. When I drop her off, one of the workers comes out and carries Daisy inside. She goes with them without even a second look at me. Once she's at Canine Connection, mom is choppped liver, and she is pumped to go play with her friends. Daisy is a mommas dog, so this is a big thing.3) Further more, the staff members here put a nervous dog mom at ease. I know that they will take care of my baby, and don't mind me checking on her via Facebook or phone during the day.4) Their prices are very reasonable. $24 for 11 hours of play for my doggie, who comes home exhausted at the end of the day? It's worth it for me. In addition, their boarding prices are some of the most reasonable in town for the quality. I won't say it's cheap, because it's certainly not, but you get what you pay for here. We're tried a few other daycare places around town, and my dog is always the most tired when she comes from Canine Connection.5) They have a SWIMMING POOL for dogs. I can't wait to see how cute Daisy looks in a life jacket. hah!You rule, CC.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/28/2013,99,352,7,15,9>IF I'm going to eat a fried piece of bread thats been drenched in sugar, its going to be from here. Forget every place you thought had good donuts and come here, now. It is right off the Loyola exit in Kenner.  This is a locally owned joint and they do donuts right! Open 24/7 they will have hot donuts all morning, afternoon and in the middle of the night. It doesn't get much better than that. If donuts or pastries aren't your thing, they also have hot breakfast super cheap!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,7/27/2013,71,63,4,11,7>Take a stroll through the south side of City Park once the sun goes down, and you're bound to see the one light that actually works.  Our "city" park resembles a country campground due to the lack of adequate lighting.  Thankfully, Morning Call has occupied the beautiful old Casino building.  A massive coffee mug shines like a beacon to all those craving fried dough, powdered sugar.  Weather you show up at 9pm or 4am, Morning Call is there for you.  And by show up, I mean make a point to go there.  If you're in the park during the day, then you might happen upon it.  However, it's not a place that you would stumble upon during your nighttime activities.      Inside you'll find their signature "arch bar".  A long marble countertop with stools on either side sit underneath a wooden arch bedazzled with incandescent light bulbs and the coffee stands namesake.  As far as the food goes, it is what it is.  Decent beignets and coffee.  As a bonus, though, they do offer some watered down versions of basic New Orleans dishes.  The beignets here are served without the powdered sugar as opposed to that OTHER place that serves them pre-dusted.  Don't despair!  Powdered sugar is set out tableside for you to sprinkle (aka dump) as much as you want on top of your yeasty gourmandises.      I recommend visiting in the daylight, mainly so you can better appreciate the location.  The century old Casino building sits at the intersection of two of the park's lagoons.  It's surrounded by mature live oak trees only steps away from the Popp bandstand pavillion and the NOMA sculpture garden.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,8/5/2012,20,50,,4,3>Went here last night. The room is small but comfortable. Music was amazing. Kermit was leading but had several people step in to sing. The food is fantastic. The red beans & rice and the potato salad were spot on. Pricing is definitely reasonable. Kermit walks the floor and talks to everyone. My only fear is that this place will turn into a destination for people that watch the TV show & not the neighborhood bar that it could be. I'm glad we went a little early so that we could avoid this crowd. Will definitely try to make this a weekly thing on a Sunday or Monday night, which is when Kermit plays. The bar gals are all really sweet & patient.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,8/4/2012,105,131,2,8,4>Yay! Let me review this place before it gets too popular after recieving their  well deserved 4 Bean Review this week!I love this place decor i dont know what was Original and what was left over from Feast. I was mesmerized with black and white granite stone bartop! Their barstools are the most comfortable seats my toosh has ever touched i could probably sit there for hours with no problem. The bathrooms very nice i love how the mirror is not above the sink like other places.The food was great! Since it was Lent i had to settle for ordering the Cornmeal Oysters. Im glad i did cuz they were Delicioso i told the manager/supervisor how i would be so happy if the dish was made into a Poboy!I cant wait to return to try other dishes such as the Korean Wings and Bone Marrow!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,8/3/2012,21,139,2,7,7>I had hinted at my boyfriend that it would be so nice to get surprised with chocolate someday...it was half serious, half joke. I had never been to Blue Frog, although I had heard of it. Well, my oh so sweet boyfriend took the hint and surprised me with a box of crawfish shaped chocolates and a blue frog. Being one for silly humor, I got a huge kick out of getting a blue frog from blue frog. I now had to go to the store and see what else they had.Blue Frog is absolutely adorable- the place felt so cozy, really friendly employees, and a few rooms full of all sorts of chocolate and candies- you could find something to please everyone here. They offer shaped chocolate (in pretty much every shape possible), boxed chocolate, jelly beans, gummies, etc. They had items perfect for baby showers, birthdays, weddings, or just because. They had a lot of local and seasonal items as well- they make really cute gifts. At the counter they had a case of chocolates to buy..you can buy 1 or a variety! Love, love, love Blue Frog!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,8/2/2012,13,34,,4,4>Surrey's was full so my hungover side kick and I wandered over to Delta Angel inside St Vincent's Guest House. The staff is nice and laid back. The elders and squares might raise eye brows with the servers' fashion sense but I'm used to it so bring me my coffee tattoo face girl! Shared a breakfast plate and a blueberry pancake. Food was good and the price wasn't bad. Wished there were more blueberries in the pancake but awesome they cooked it inside of it instead of smothering it with sugary syrup. Side kick thought the food was heavy but probably what we ordered. What do you expect from a pancake? I will bring friends. It's also a plus I can walk there from my apartment.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,8/1/2012,368,74,2,9,2>A specific section of the Mississippi River Trail that offers views of the Mississippi River, New Orleans' West Bank and provides roads for joggers, bikers, walkers and hikers as well as pathways for fishermen and dog walkers.PROS:- Incredible views- Picnicking - Pathway paved in asphalt which is solid enough for bikes and vehicles but soft enough to jog and hike.- Access to river pathways and fishing spots.- 3000 miles of trail! Which span numerous states, counties and jurisdiction.- Great wildlife viewing; rabbits, cranes and ducks! There is also a horse ranch with stables open to and facing the trail and often horses being ridden near the pathway.- A beautiful view of the under belly of the Huey P. Long bridge and it's on going construction.CONS:- Very little shady spots. - Sporadic picnic and rest spots.- No lighting at night = sketchy.- Biking at night means bugs in the mouth, eyes and other places...
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,7/31/2012,48,200,,8,5>First off the pecan pie and accompanying caramel sauce is heaven on Earth. I love the old school charm of this place. Built in what looks like an old home it is quaint and welcoming. I had the seafood platter, which was very very very very good. I will be back definitely.The butternut squash shrimp bisque is the best soup I've ever eaten in my life.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/30/2012,9,73,2,4,5>I have been going to Camellia Grill for twenty years, and this old time diner has not changed at all. It was probably there before I was born roughly twenty years before that. I am glad they have not changed because it is a solid gold diner of the highest caliber. Breakfast or brunch, whether before a big day or after a long night. Their famous chilli omelet, their kick-ass burgers and fries, their damn-that's-good shakes, their fountain drinks, and club sandwiches. Wearing old school uniforms even in the hottest month of a New Orleans summer, the staff takes pride in the quality of your breakfast, their service and their own personal connection with you as another human being. Tulane students, the eccentric bourgeois who reside in this neighborhood, and a few streetcar stranglers visiting from out of town--all commune here perched on stools behind the zig-zag counter.  The atmosphere is intimate, and this being New Orleans, you'll probably get to chatting, and might just make friends. Thankfully though this place is too far from the quarter to have been ruined by tourism although it might not be long. There is a CG in the quarter. Tourists, kindly stay there, alright?Go late in the evening or very early in the morning to avoid the crowd although there might be a few partiers ahead of you in line. If you are lucky, you will be one of them.  Maybe you are just a voyeur and get your kicks watching and whispering. If so, you're likely to  have plenty of antics to gawk at here, a nice little show while you eat your pancakes. At the very least, you'll have yourself an outstanding breakfast and leave feeling very happy. It might be from the twenty cups of coffee you just ingested, granted. If a greasy-spoon world champion were awarded, it might very well be given to Camilla Grill.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,7/29/2012,161,1547,7,12,9>Bacchanal really is a lovely slightly bohemian place to share a bottle of wine and chat with friends. Yes the mosquitos are ridiculous and it is nice that there are bottles of bug spray scattered about...but how about hanging some sort of deterrent devices around the perimeter? I would love to see an old school purple bug zapper. (Do they even make those anymore?)The wine selection is good and the food is tasty and diverse.  I'm also grateful for the diversity of non-alcoholic beverages that can be purchased for the non-drinker/underaged patron.My only other bit advice is be careful with some of the chairs which are perhaps not as sturdy as one would like, even for the slightly built.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/28/2012,98,1428,9,15,11>I just ate what was quite possibly the best po-boy I have ever had.I have heard both good and bad about Mahony's, but wanted to try for myself. The talk of lengthy waits always deterred me, but yesterday at 5:00 p.m., there was no wait. I was even able to park directly in front which made the experience even more perfect.As I entered, I was immediately greeted by two very friendly employees. I decided to go all out and I ordered a pot roast beef po-boy plus an order of dirty fries with cheese (cheese fries with roast beef gravy). In about 10 minutes my food was ready, and I headed back to work to eat.When I opened the container of dirty fries, I was surprised at how large it was. It was easily enough food for two or more people. I highly recommend splitting it. The fries seemed to be fresh cut, and were covered in their amazing roast beef gravy with chunks of beef throughout. These were the best example of gravy fries I have ever had.When I unwrapped the po-boy, it seemed like a normal run of the mill roast beef. When I took a bite, holy hell, it was incredible. The roast beef was tender, plentiful and tasted so wonderful that I wanted to lick the paper it came in. It was the best version of roast beef I have ever had. If this sandwich was an example of what they regularly put out, I may be willing to wait hours to get one as long as there was a steady supply of beer to keep me occupied.The total for both items was $16 and some change. While not cheap, it was more than worth it.In summary, I am in love with Mahony's roast beef.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,7/27/2012,62,70,3,6,5>While eating in the Quarter isn't a "destination" for a local, I am always down there for work, or when I have company on town an have to do the obligatory Bourbon Street thing. And when a tourist ask me where I eat in the quarter, I often point them to Felix's. It's a casual oyster joint, which also has a huge regular menu. They also have non-seafood options too (think, Hamburger steak).The Oyster shuckers are all so very cool! Mike is my favorite.A good solid choice for the amazing char broiled oysters. Oysters drenched in butter, Parmesan, bread crumbs, served with plenty of the perfect Nola style French bread. It doesn't look like much from the outside, the dining room furniture a little worn, but looks can be deceiving. The food is really some of the best the Quarter has to offer.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,10/3/2010,242,340,6,6,9>Okay tourists...just because this review is going to be amazing, don't get any ideas. Don't trek across the river to the Westbank in droves and hike up the already steep $21.99 per person prices. Rewind to earlier this afternoon....I had an AMAZING time at the French Quarter Festival in the gorgeous weather, and my dad says, "well, we could go have some boiled seafood at Salvo's". Sure. Fine. I never turn down boiled seafood. It's Good AND Guiltless. Well, except for the butter and remoulade dipping sauces. So we go to Salvo's for the boiled stuff. I mean, you can get good fried stuff anywhere. But here for $21.99 (usually) you get ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT Snow Crabs, Shrimp, Dungeness Crab claws, potatoes, corn, mushrooms and garlic depending on the nightly special sometimes it includes crawfish for $2 extra. You eat. You enjoy and then you go on with your life. Weeeeeeell tonight was different. Tonight was special. The snow crabs were HUGE!!!! AND AMAZING!!!After pigging out, my dad and I looked over at each other, breathed a sigh of relief and both decided that tonight could be our last meal and that we would die happy.....well, after ice cream of course. ;)No, but seriously we both coincidentally had that exact thought.Goliath-sized lumps of juicy crabmeat! What a way to go! Sometimes I wonder if God hears, "Okay, now I can die happy", he thinks, " Oh okay, I'll make that happen." I hope not. So I whispered it. And I'm whispering whilst I type. Anyway, it's a freak accident that these crabs were so good. We were lucky. That is all.P.S. Forgive any incomplete thoughts and typos...I am in food-euphoria.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,10/2/2010,161,1547,5,7,4>I had to have lunch at Il Posto today because I was craving the roasted beet & gorgonzola salad.  Amazing delish combination.  Sometimes I just need a beet fix.  Yes, I know that's odd.I recently stopped in for breakfast with a small herd of family members and about 1/2 of us were immediately drawn to the orange cranberry scones which were fresh out of the oven.  Yum.We may go here a little too often...I sometimes feel like Norm! as I walk through the door.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,10/1/2010,100,207,5,7,8>Some people I know loved it. Some people I know hated it. And after my first visit, I now know why the lovers loved and the haters hated.Yes, this bar is a bit pretentious. But here, it kinda works, for me at least.  It's akin to being at the grown ups' table. I do like the space very much, very sleek, hip and modern - though that leads to a severe lack of seats, but then again, if they are going for a "relaxing chill out come get your fancy cocktail on kinda joint" then they succeeded. The liquors available are not widely known by the usual bar crowd, so if you're going for a High Life, they probably will laugh you out of the place. They seem to be going to the higher end stuff and judging by the way the cocktails were made, these people take the art of cocktail seriously. I was kind of impressed actually. We had a couple of the cocktails from the menu and they were pretty damned good. Small, but I think that's the point. The staff was cordial and was glad to describe the beverages they carried. A good spot for a romantic (or at least adult) drink or pre/post dinner cocktail is what Cure is. If you are looking to get 'yer-drink-on' or if you are thinking this is just another New Orleans bar, you're going to be disappointed. When I went it wasn't to crowded, so the ambiance was very nice, especially with the house, chillout music they were playing.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,9/30/2010,179,277,9,11,11>The inside of PURE Yogurt Culture feels like the future.  Stark white, frosted glass, a bubbly looking ceiling, and techno music playing in the background.  If PURE is in fact what the future is like, then I am quite excited for the years to come.The setup inside is self-serve frozen yogurt with a toppings bar.  Unlike the now closed Yougurt, the yogurt machines are behind a wall with just the business end visible to the customer.  I hate all the noise and hot air those things make, so this is a great touch to make for a more enjoyable experience.  There are about 6 flavors available including tart, green apple, mocha, "who dat," and others.  I went with tart.  The toppings bar was well-kept, clean, and fresh looking.  The usual assortment of fresh fruit, MOCHI (yay!), and candy were all there.  The price is $0.45 / ounce.  I kept running back to the scale to see how much I was up to since I have no concept of what an ounce feels like - I think this confused the cashier, but I stand by my craziness.The tart yogurt was pretty darn good, but lacked some of the creaminess that Pinkberry has.  It was slightly icier than most frozen yogurt.  I don't think this is a problem, just a difference.  I found it very delicious and considerably cheaper than Pinkberry.  I filled up their largest size with yogurt, then piled on fresh fruit, and paid about $7 for the most massive creation allowable.  It was HUGE and well worth the price.There is practically no place to sit, which is unfortunate, but they are limited by the size of their space.  There's a table outside and one inside, but the inside one would be awkward to eat at because its kinda in the way.The name sounds more like something you might order from a laboratory than a cool snack stop, but I'm willing to let that slide.I wish these people well!  PURE lacks the polish of Pinkberry, but also is missing the pretension and pomp that surrounds Pinkberry and makes it an awkward experience.  And that is a very good thing.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,9/29/2010,1085,123,30,23,18>I've been holding off writing a review for this place for over a year now, my sweet creamy love of my neighborhood. Any trip to my bank involves a trip across the street for ice cream, which is pretty much officially the only reason to bank with Chase by the way. I think their ATM machine is the official enabler for Creole Creamery.Look, there are Cold Stones out there, and Pinkberries, and then of course your Ben & Jerry's and your Haagen-Dazs, and your classic 31 flavored Baskin-Robbins, but Creole Creamery is in a class of its own. Scratch that. It didn't even go to school with those others. While they were in class, Creole Creamery was in their homes playing hide the waffle cone with their moms.31 flavors? Creole Creamery sees your 31 and raises you 3100 gajillion billion. Then it winks at you and leans back, not even caring if you think it's bluffing with a made-up number. It's Creole muthafuckin' Creamery and it'll take your cash money either way. If you want to keep your green, you're sitting at the wrong table in a casino you just aren't ready for.Remember that episode of Seinfeld where they fell in love with the non-fat yogurt place? Well if you say you're sorry you can't, well you can just stuff your sorries in a sack, Mister! Creole Creamery dares you to compare it to anything non-fat, while flashing Newman for beads... Newman!!Here, look at some of these flavors they've concocted thus far:Avocado w/ Mint & Sour CreamBanana & Brown Sugar CheesecakeBlueberry Maple PecanButtered Lemon & Pine NutButterscotch - Pumpkin Bundt CakeCandied Bacon & CinnamonCayenne Lime ButterChocolate Pineapple ChipCreole Cream Cheese w/ Wild Blueberry - Pecan CornbreadDark Chocolate w/ Coconut & Fresh MintGorgonzola & Toasted WalnutHoneydew w/ Ricotta & PistachioHoneyed Pear w/ Goat CheeseLavender-Pecan ChocolateOrange Peel Ginger CheesecakePeach w/ Champagne & MintSmoked GoudaStrawberry Jalapeno CheesecakeSweet Corn w/ Cracked Pepper & Raspberry CoulisSweet Potato Sassafras PralineVanilla-Bourbon w/ Brown SugarWhite Chocolate Bread PuddingI know right? It's like you're pretty sure you just smoked something green and leafy just reading that list. And that's only a fraction of them. Don't deny yourself the experience of a visit to Creole Creamery. And definitely don't go with just Vanilla. That's like going to Paris and eating dinner at McDonalds. That's a pimp-slappable offense on all 7 continents by the way.Basically, you can't go wrong with this place. Taste the rainbow and Skittles be damned. This is flavor country.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,9/28/2010,205,261,10,17,10>A great spot to come on Thursday night and a MUST if you are just in town for a visit. This is what you HAVE to do on Thursday!! Come here like it's your job!Actually any day is a good day here but Thursdays are particularly special because Kermit Ruffins plays every Thursday... for hours and hours!!Kermit and his band (BBQ Swingers) and not only super duper talented and charismatic but really just about the funnest band to catch in New Orleans. They'll get the biggest wallflower out on the dance floor cutting a rug.Come hungry...Kermit brings a big pot of food!P.S. Totally, completely worth the $10 cover. I am not kidding! I am not fond of paying covers but this is money for the musicians and they are fabulous.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,11/4/2011,98,1428,20,13,8>Cafe Du Monde is New Orleans. If you don't like it, you just don't get it.In New Orleans we love Cafe Du Monde. We know it only sells one main item, but that item brings back so many memories for New Orleanians. Going to Cafe Du Monde as a child, I will never forget blowing the sugar on to my parents or siblings. I tried this feat in later years and my date was less than impressed.I love Cafe Du Monde because of what it is. In my mind, there will never be another place that compares. This is the original, and will always be the best place to get begniets and coffee.Those of you who don't like it, or don't get it, can politely kiss my New Orleans ***(yelp edit).
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,11/3/2011,143,66,2,4,2>Drago's where the charbroiled oysters were first created. OMG, I think I died and went to heaven.   Give your tiny taste buds a tantalizing treat!   The oysters are grilled on a half shell in a garlic butter sauce topped with Parmesan cheese.  Yes, it doesn't sound like anything special until you try them. YUM!!!   You just can't go to Drago's and not order a dozen oysters that's just absurd.  Ok, you don't like oysters, I promise after you try these you will change your mind.    For lunch, they downsize their menu to a few of their top dishes and po'boys.  The dinner menu is what keeps you coming back for more. Personal favorites Seafood Pasta and Shrimp and Grits w/Tasso.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,11/2/2011,62,66,1,6,4>This is based on women's cut, pedicure and full set experiences. First off, the salon is beautiful! It's decorated with pretty and it's well-kept and clean. They have an old-fashioned vanity mirror with the big soft light bulbs that I love-love-love.I hadn't found someone who could cut my frizzy, curly hair until I met Kristal at Aristocat. She did a straight, dry cut on me that turned out fantastic. She was able to fix mistakes in the layers that my last stylist had made (and she was a lead-stylist?) Kristal was really laid back and cool - I'm definitely going to her again. On to the nails. I was in desperate need and Van, the lead nail specialist, saved my toes from the turmoil of chipped nail polish and abuse from wearing heels all weekend. I was pampered with a foot soak, scrub and a short lotion massage. After, she let me pick out which set I wanted to get on my nails after explaining all the differences - I had no idea there were so many options. It was refreshing to go in and talk about it rather than pick straight from a menu I wasn't familiar with like at other nail salons. She is a perfectionist, and I'm glad she is: My nails turned out great and I left feeling pampered and refreshed. While I was getting my nails done, my guy-friend even enjoyed a foot soak and foot detailing. And this is a big burly firefighter! He was skeptic at first and didn't know what to expect, but he loved the massage chair and treatment. He left very pleased and even wants to make an appointment to come with me next time. I found my regular salon and nail spa for sure. One-stop shop!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/6/2011,10/31/2011,526,986,11,15,11>I like wine.  I like cheese.  I like fancy food for super cheap.  Bacchanal is a place that has the potential to grow on me.  Pros: insanely huge wine selection, they also offer beer and water, they have a cheese plate, a "guest chef" from a fancy pants restaurant cooks food and it's cheaper than you could ever get at said restaurant, the place has live music and a cozy atmosphere.Cons:  it's all outside, it's all outside, no seriously...it's all outside.  I love being outside.  Ok, that's a lie.  This is New Orleans.  I love being outside during the months of November, part of December, the end of March and April.  During the summer...outside is hot.  In the winter months...outside is cold (yes, 30 degrees is cold to me).  Also, what happens when it rains?  Where do you go?  Does the place shut down?I don't want to rain on anyone's parade.  This IS a cool place.  I can definitely see going here for a romantic night out, on a date.  Otherwise,  I would probably avoid it, at least during the summer.  I can put on a coat in the winter, but the good folks at Bacchanal might frown on me showing up for wine and cheese in a bikini, in an effort to stay cool.  I'll admit it, I hate to sweat.  And in New Orleans, in July, you're gonna be sweating... even at night.  It's called humidity, people.It's a cool idea, might I suggest a really big fan?  ;)
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,10/30/2011,152,91,,6,4>Absolutely best of the best!To be honest I don't frequent salons/spas at all really, but this place makes me want to be a regular. Having worked in an ad agency the first thing I noticed was the beautifully thoughtful design that was carried throughout the entire place, from the gift certificates, to the buisness/appt cards to the signage. Then upon walking into the place we were warmly greeted by the owner and another employee who made us feel so welcomed. Half of the reason I don't go to places like this is because of the awkward encounters I typically have. I'm not used to being in a salon and everything seems a bit foreign to me. Then to top it all off I never end up having anything in common with the stylist and we both have to endure awkward conversation (or worse, silence) with a complete stranger for a half an hour or more. This experience was the complete opposite! The owner gave my girlfriend and I our mani/pedi and was absolutely wonderful! She was a wealth of knowledge about the area, local businesses, etc and the conversation never died out because her dynamic personality made everything seem so fun relaxing. Please give this place a try, I have never been so impressed with a buisness.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,10/29/2011,148,326,4,11,11>It all started on a boring Tuesday night. I was talked into attending a Stupid Time Machine show at the Howling Wolf Den. I laughed so hard I cried. Next thing you know, I'm saying "Sure, why not?" to taking an improv class. And the rest...is history. Well, maybe not history but I am now taking Level 1 improv class from The New Movement and having a blast. I have found everyone in TNM from performers to instructors to be extremely friendly and pee-your-pants hysterical. The classes are a well worth the money, not only for the eight weeks of instruction but also the bonus of getting into their comedy shows for free! I highly recommend trying out the Level 1 class, which is comprised of people from all walks of life so there is no need to be intimidated, just go have fun.  Take advantage of one of the few times in your adult life where you will be encouraged to play. Chris and Tami are awesome and welcoming from the moment you meet them. Overall - Funniest group of people in NOLA. Whether you are looking to laugh on a boring Tuesday night or you want to learn how to express yourself better through comedy, check out all that The New Movement group has to offer.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,10/27/2011,218,209,4,9,11>Victory I can't get you outta my head, my head, my head. My legs are still sore from dancing on the bar {don't judge me}. Blame it on this crazy gorgeous blackberry mojito Daniel made for me. The piano guy played nice ballads for the intimate crowd. The truffle popcorn was stunning. I can't describe it, you should just try it for yourself.  The cocktail menu in this gastropub is pretty comprehensive for the localholics. Guys, I give you A++++ for bringing a refreshing new vibe to New Orleans.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,10/26/2011,179,277,7,13,9>I found Canal Boulevard Auto Service here on Yelp. It didn't have many reviews (just two), but they were both from Yelpers whose opinions I trust, so I went ahead and called the shop for a quote on getting my brakes serviced.Happy, the shop's owner & mechanic, fielded my call and gave me a quote that beat both the Honda dealership and another well reviewed mechanic on Yelp by about $50. So far so good.  Then he explained in layman's terms why I shouldn't buy "cheap, chicken shit rotors" & pick at least mid-grade ones so I'd save money in the long run.  Hilarious, unsolicited advice!  I was sold and brought in my car the next day.Upon driving up to the shop, I was hesitant. It is a little...quaint? Don't expect a waiting room, a complimentary bottle of water, or a TV tuned in to CNN. In fact, there isn't a waiting room at all - just a single repair bay and a small office inside where Happy and his wife have their desks. Happy's wife offered to give me a ride home after I dropped off my car, but I opted to hop on the Canal streetcar which is about 2 blocks away.The brake job was done the same day and now my car stops like a champ. When I picked up my car, Happy & I had a chat about mechanics and the business of car repair. He mentioned that he used to work at a dealership and found their repair tactics (like pushing unnecessary services) so distasteful that he ventured out on his own. Now he's enjoying being an honest mechanic like they used to be in the good ole days.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,10/25/2011,196,337,3,8,6>I FINALLY had the chance to visit Shamrock, I was beyond excited. I want to begin with the most important thing, PARKING.. There is a lot, I parked, no need to worry or stress finding parking, that is extremely important to me! Also its on Carrollton, where it's not crazy amounts of traffic at night and across the street from the interstate you can get to your next location right away.Soon as I got in, the bartender made me a Rum punch, yummy she knows her drinks and had no problem making my and my friends drinks happen properly. I tried some food from the grill, I went with the fish and chips; fried cod with some fries and cole slaw and it was yummy! I loved it and didn't think I could like cod.So after eating and more drinks came the games. I had sooo much fun, I got to play darts, ping pong, skeeball, boxing, basketball, table hockey. It was so fun to play them all, even though I sucked at it... Note: Try to balance out your drinking between games so you have a better chance to win than me.This is a great place for group outings with your friends.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,10/24/2011,129,52,5,8,7>I admit that I'm terrible when it comes to local bookstores.  Being a computer geek who reads mostly from his Nook, I buy a lot online.  Still, I love going up to Maple Street Book Shop.  Their selection isn't as broad as a big-box store or the online vendors, but that's not a problem.  These days, what I want from a brick-and-mortar bookstore is inspiration.  A new local-interest book, perhaps, or a cookbook from a chef/author I've never considered before.  A novel someone mentioned on GoodReads that I otherwise might not pick up is now staring me in the face.  I've noticed a couple of comments about service at Maple Street, and they confuse me.  Maybe it's because I'm the type that prefers to be left alone with my musings while wandering through shelves of books, and these folks let me do that.  Still, I've always found the staff to be attentive.  Last spring, my second book for Arcadia, "Brothers of the Sacred Heart in New Orleans" was released, and Maple Street Book Shop was kind enough to hold a book-signing event for me.  I'm no Drew Brees, so the lines weren't wrapped around the block, and that left me with a bit of time to observe the comings-and-goings of the shop.  When folks came in with questions, the staff gladly helped them.  This was consistent over the 2 hours I was there.  When someone wanted a book that wasn't in the store, they offered to get it for them in a couple of days.  By Amazon standards, that's not bad.  Yes, it's not coming to your doorstep, but between the lovely ambiance of the book shop and the coffee shop across the street, there are worse outings one can make.And while Maple Street is a brick-and-mortar indie bookshop, they also have a great social media presence.  They're on Da Twittah at @fightthestupids (the shop's long-standing slogan), as well as on Facebook.  They're also moving into online e-book sales, so that now I can stock my nook from them rather than using nameless/faceless corporation.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,5/27/2011,196,337,8,10,7>First Off.....This place has done me the honor of ordering me Dirty Mind's by Prince on vinyl! Do you realize how epic that is! Prince original artwork with him in a black bikini. When that guy told me he could order me and will call me a tear of joy fell from my eye. I almost heard birds singing that someone would help complete my Prince love/stalking.Okay now the rest....The store is freakin pink! How can I not love a pink store! It's easy to find and its pink and makes me happy to go inside. Its all neat and wonderful and very well organized and they have Billie Holiday!!! I just love this store and the staff was beyond awesome and sooo helpful. My first time in Euclid was enjoyable for this female audiophile. It was one of those experiences that will go down in the record books. VISIT NOW.Plussssss they accept cards!!!!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,5/26/2011,17,57,9,5,6>While I have never personally experienced Aidan Gill's services, I can vouch for what it did to my boyfriend.I waited on the boyfriend to get a shave and a haircut. First mistake. I mean, it's a men's haircut, it couldn't possibly take that long. Right? Wrong. I was so wrong. I waited an hour plus on him to finish. Not because A.G.'s is slow, but because it is literally a process. Now, I don't really know what happens behind that closed door where men go in an 8 and come out a 10 (on the hotness scale of course), but I can say my boyfriend walked out glowing. Like, I was slightly concerned for a split second that Aidan's was a cover for illegal sex activities. Boyfriend walked out with afterglow. I will seriously pay for every crazy-ridiculous-expensive-trip to A.G.'s from now on.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,5/25/2011,42,78,14,12,7>$5.99 is not a lot of money. I'm looking on my desk and see a can/bottle opener, a pepper grinder, an empty bottle of some organic raspberry beer, a broken fleur de lis antique table lighter and a few valiums . Each one of those things cost about 8 bucks each and they all just pretty much suck when compared to the $5.99 all you can eat buffet meal I just had.Now if you blindfolded me and we played - Which gumbo came from Creole King and which came from Liuzzas by the Track, it is admittedly no contest, but you can whop up your plate with a big freaking pile of a variety of New Orleans and try above average, if ot incredible versions of all of it. Or several plates.Theirried chicken is better than the much overrated McHardys around the corner, mac and cheese is passable, fried catfish as good as most joints and boiled spicy  sausage is delicious wherever you are, its not sublime (whatever that means,) but it is good, especially with their home made tartar sauce). They had veggies if that's your bag, but luckily they cover the broccoli in so much cheese sauce you cant even see the green. With lettuce, chicken, hard boiled eggs and bacon bits and vinegar I even invented what I now call the Seventh Ward Cobb Salad.The sweet Asian cashier was singing along to the 89s lunch power hour so I got to hear her renditions of REO Speedwagons Keep on loving you. that was worth $4 right there making the meal really just $1.99.When I left, I didn't walk , I waddled. Sometimes I think New Orleans isn't the healthiest city.If your heading to Jazzfest its right along the way...so take a stop and support a local business and see and taste a day in the life of working class New Orleans food, Really $5.99 is insane. I ran the numbers, it makes no sense. Even if they are fishing their own catfish and frying my escaped chickens, I dont see how it is so cheap.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,5/23/2011,157,66,6,11,8>This is NOT your average hotel bar.I feel so very grown up when I'm here. I'm not actually sure how old it is, but there is definitely a "lost in time" kind of feel here. It's sophisticated without being pretentious.The bartenders can make a mean cocktail; and there is nightly jazz. It's a great place to hang out, have a few drinks and just mellow. I've gotten to see Anais St. John a few times, and she is always wonderful. If you like jazz/blues then I'm sure you will love her.A word of caution, the drinks are not overly expensive, but this is definitely not the place to come if you're looking for $2 drinks. However, they are definitely worth it. One of their bartenders, Roger, is well-known as one of the best bartenders in the world. And I'm not exaggerating. He has actually been covered in magazines. Also, check out the mixology classes. (They may technically be from their restaurant The Grill Room, but they're connected). You get to sample and learn about different drinks. I've done about 5 so far...you know, for learning purposes. :) I will definitely be attending more when they restart this fall.Hmmm... I just realized that I have never had a French 75 here yet. Adding that to my to-do list.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,5/21/2011,21,83,,12,6>People like me and other New Orleanians are so lucky to have Louisiana Running Company! These guys are awesome, very friendly, really know running, and give lots back to the community.The owners, Pat and Jen, are both runners and really get it.  They are not salesman, they are peers and runners.  They absolutely care about your running and enjoy seeing people enjoy running.  The service here is way better than any running store in NOLA and the prices at the store are completely fair.  Everyone here is friendly and just nice.They carry a different selection of shoes than other stores do and what they carry is really good.  Unlike some stores, they actually analyze your gait before making a quick recommendation.  I don't see how you can recommend stuff without watching people run.  They're sure to put you in the right stuff and do what they do very well.  As a runner who's had less than stellar experiences at other stores in NOLA, I can for sure say that this is the best running store.  It's just above and beyond.The final great part (aside from everything else), though, is their focus on the running community.  These guys are at like every local race and have great run groups and community activities.  They give a lot back through their store.  Thanks guys for everything you do, and happy running!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,5/20/2011,107,129,4,8,6>What is there to say about Katie's that Lyndsey Y. won't put in her review. This was her first trip and my second, first being in 2004 with some friends from the Hash House Harriers. Which is kind of funny since today before we left I ran into the person who suggested we go to Katie's back then.Sunday brunch was still going on so while they did not have onion rings on hand, the brunch menu was filled with plenty of choices. I am a simple person so I went with Steak and Eggs with a side of hash browns. Now I'm kind of picky when it comes to eggs. I've had bad eggs almost every time I end up eating the complementary breakfast in a hotel on business trips because I have to catch an early flight. It's simple: Scrambled and not runny. They came out with just the right done-ed-ness and the steak was in that nice range of medium - medium well. No need to ruin it with ketchup. Okay maybe a smidge of A-1, but I like A-1. (Don't judge me.)It was enough to feel full without that "bloated over-ate and then go walking in the sun all day at the Earth Day festival" feeling. Which is good because I was about to spend the next 4 hours walking around in the sun for the Earth Day Festival.I'll give you one word about service: SametriaOne more: Awesome. She's a total sweetheart, if I didn't know better I would have thought she and Lynds were BFFs by the way they were getting along. Heck, even on the way out we got to have a chat with (I think) Scottie's mom who checked to make sure we enjoyed everything. You tell me, how do you not like a place where you get to meet one of the owner's mother? I mean, are there people that heartless in the world not to forgive a mistake and say it was anything less than great? Hell no. It's even easier to say we enjoyed everything since today confirmed my memories of that first visit so many years ago.Hopefully, I won't wait 7 years for the next visit. And next time there will be onion rings.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,5/19/2011,216,410,5,5,2>Ive been a fan since the 80s.  I think thats the last time they decorated the place. I like the fact they have classic rock in their JUKEBOX.    Flour tacos are unique and gooood  just dont eat them while ur driving or u will have a taco salad in your lap(2 attempts)  the deluxe enchilada and the flour tacos has been my order for 2 decades and it never lets me down.   I like the taste of their meat and real chives
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,5/17/2011,230,290,4,7,3>I was so ecstatic when I discovered this spot because it meant I didn't have to go to the dreadful uptown USPS office anymore. HOORAY!! This place is awesome and efficient for those who live uptown. NO MORE USPS VISITS!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,5/16/2011,70,96,5,4,3>You know what's awesome?  Pizza.  You know what else is awesome?  Beer.  So, if you want a place where you can stumble drunk and eat that late late night piece of pizza while on the latest pub crawl you should definitely check this place out.If you are cruising around and decide hmmm pizza sounds good this place can really help you out there too!We eat a LOT of pizza and I mean a LOT.  We came here at random and I was happily surprised at how much I really liked this pizza.You know what else is super awesome?!  Cheap pizza, and if you keep an eye out on campus menus you can probably find some kind of deal going on!yay for yummy yummy pizza!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,5/15/2011,61,96,3,4,4>Beautiful place! It's clean design paired with a large wine list, creative specialty drinks and delicious tapas is a a great addition to Oak St.  Perfect date night, but not first date, it's too loud.  And speaking of loud, the acoustics in this place are out of control.  Please add some decorative dampening, such as, rugs or wall hangings.Disclosure***I was really sick and couldn't taste anything.  Can you believe I wasted my taste buds?!I tried the Edith Piaf and Satchmo.  Edith Piaf was some sort of champagne muddled with grapes. Tart but delicious.  Satchmo is a spin off of an old fashioned with Knob Creek and brandied cherries.  Strong but give is a few minutes for the ice to melt.  I also tasted my friend's drink the Moscow Mule.  I will definitely order this next time I come.We ordered several plates, like the fries with aioli, fried baby artichokes with edemame hummus, hangar steak bruscetta and the black bean-beef-pork pepusas.Bonus: they have a side room for parties, in fact there was one happening while we were there.  Cute.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,12/4/2013,154,99,5,16,8>I will stop by Camellia Grill when I'm heading home from hearing great music at The Maple Leaf. It can be either crowded or not but the people who work here make my experience fun and engaging. They make me feel that we have been life-long "brahs" and treat me and my order as such. The menu is your typical dinner-style food; ranging from breakfast omelets to Hamburger and fries. I highly suggest ordering a chocolate milkshake as it pairs really well with the salty food you're about to consume. The food is good, the people are engaging, and the atmosphere has character.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,12/3/2013,35,17,4,6,5>I live above Lilly's, and it takes a lot of self-control not to just outsource all our cooking to them. I can safely say that it has gotten better since its opened. The menu has better and more diverse options. The atmosphere is more comfortable. The grilled pork blows my mind. The owners are good neighbors and good people. Its a business that's definitely worth your patronage.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,12/2/2013,87,163,,8,2>You have Lavazza espresso for my latte?  YUM.  That is enough for me to give a 4 star review.  Lavazza make a fantastic coffee.  I would even say it is worth a visit just to drink the lattes.  The gelato was good as well.  I had the rum raisin gelato, which went really nicely with my latte.  The lady behind the counter was really nice as well.  I'm sure I'll be back soon.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,12/1/2013,142,98,6,10,7>Kitchen Witch is one of my absolute favorite places in New Orleans and I insist on bringing out of town guests here whenever I have visitors. It's a used bookshop that only deals in cookbooks, and as a collector of them this place is perfect for me.  Maybe a little TOO perfect. Books are organized by style of cuisine, and just about every aspect of world cuisine is represented.  Even the most remedial of home chefs (I'm looking at you, people who somehow manage to burn water) are sure to find something that piques their interest (and caters to their skill level) here.  There are rare prints of classic cookbooks and antique/vintage publications (one of my favorite finds a while back was an herb cookbook from the 30's) and neat spiral bound rotary club compilations from the 70's. Swedish meatballs, anyone?If you've somehow found yourself in this place but don't actually like to cook (and if that's the case, what's wrong with you??) there's a section in the very back with some used LPs. A decent selection of classic stuff and also a pretty good selection of harder-to-find releases by old New Orleans artists. There are also homemade Cajun spice blends and vanilla extracts and locally made mustard. And a dog who hangs out and has his own bed in the corner!The couple that run the place are both veterans of the food service industry so they know their shit when it comes to cooking. And they're also probably some of the nicest, friendliest folks I've ever met. I came here for the first time a few years ago and Debbie and I chatted at great length on the logistics of opening up a grilled cheese restaurant. I went in there this past weekend and Philipe stopped what he was doing just to complement me on my haircut. Now I'm not the sort to expect random flattery when I do my shopping but that was awesome!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,11/30/2013,127,182,1,8,7>My condo was like a disco inferno, without the fros, music, or gold lame... just the inferno heat.  I called Mike's at 4pm Wednesday to explain my emergency and ask for the earliest appt.  He was at my place 8:15am Thursday!  Mike was EARLY (I had explained I was missing work)  and had the ac fixed and cranking within 30 mins!  Super expensive you wonder? I honestly don't know I rent so Mike billed my condo owner, BUT Mike showed me the broken part he replaced and explained the impact on my ac, which really says allot about his honesty as a businessman!Mike's Air Conditioning rocks (or should I say is SO COOL)!  Since he fixed my ac fast and efficiently I don't anticipate having to call him anytime soon, but I strongly suggest you do if you're air conditioning isn't up to par!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,11/29/2013,42,66,,12,7>Being as how my wife and I had eaten here when it was Little Tokyo, we decided to see what this new sushi restaurant had to offer. First off, the decor is a lot more open and everything seems brighter and more fun. We immediately noticed that two hibachi grills were added which is something we plan to try during our next trip. We decided to try the Geisha roll and Super Bowl rolls. Oh.......my god were these rolls delicious. It's been a very long time since I have had sushi this good. Now I know why folks rave about Johnny, the head sushi chef. He is an absolute artist. I have never ordered a second helping of a roll before but I couldn't help myself this time around. Everything tasted so fresh and so so SO delicious!!!After our meal, our server gave us some lightly fried banana slices drizzled in honey and sprinkled with powdered sugar. "Dessert for you! On the house!" I was absolutely floored. But it wasn't just for us! The server gave dessert plates to the other tables that were there as well! Very generous and a very nice gesture! We both agreed that we found our new favorite sushi restaurant. Even as we left, Johnny and his fellow chefs made sure to say thank you to us and goodbye. Other sushi restaurants should take note. Uchi Sushi is the real deal!!! Love it!!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,11/28/2013,68,72,,6,4>Best kept secret!!!  Or at least it was a well kept secret from me...  I've walked by this place a thousand times on my way to the much younger and louder Rock n Sake next door.  Each time I passed, I thought to myself...I must try this place.  Well, I finally did and it was even more than I expected!  Every single thing was delicious.  We started wit the Gaucho Plate. Which consisted of Chorizo, Beef Skewers, Sweetbreads & Empanadas.  All delicious and a nice sampling of food to get started.  I then ordered the flank steak for my appetizer.  it was really good but definitely not a "juicy" cut of steak.  I knew that going in to so was happy with my selection.  My date ordred the bone-in ribeye and it was to die for!  Easily one of the best I've had in the city.  We ordered the fries to compliment our entrees and they are truly all people rave about.Not sure what it is or why but they are the real deal.  It's a pretty small spot so hard to get in there early unless you've already reserved seats.  In spite of it's quaint atmosphere, it's a really cool spot that feels very comfy and relaxing.  Can't wait to go back and do it all again!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,11/27/2013,121,53,3,5,5>I may be biased, but this is my favorite coffee shop. It definitely helps that it's in my neighborhood, and it's a perfect short stroll through the park to get there. It also has the best hours, especially for students.. 6am til midnight! Really?! It's amazing. And I hate to admit it.. but I have been known to be there til closing on a Friday night (sigh.. life of a med student.. hmpf). And it's cozy.. just perfect in my book. Also, it's local. And the staff is extremely friendly, and make a mean cup of coffee. And even though caffeine runs thick in my veins, sometimes I need a little bit of a change.. especially at 10pm at night. Their handmade lemonades and limeade (and my favorite is the ginger lemonade!) which are amazing. And they've got a huge selection of teas if coffee isn't your thing. Oh, you're hungry too? They've got SNAACKS! And freakin' good ones. Cookies, cakes, muffins.. the usual coffeeshop fare. But they're also pretty unique too.. and delicious. If you need something a little more to keep you fed through those long work sessions.. they've got sandwiches. I've never had them, but if they're anything like the rest of what they have here, I bet they're pretty good.All in all.. I love this place. [Cash only, btw. But there's an ATM inside.]
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,11/26/2013,95,242,1,5,5>Love Krewe Du Brew and try to take new people here to introduce them to this great coffee spot as well. This is a little coffee shop done right! The owners are really nice, very knowledgable, friendly, and helpful. You can tell that they really invest in their customers and the community. Wifi is free, so it's a nice spot to relax and get out of the house to do work or hang-out and chat. There's plenty of off-street parking, so that's a bonus as well. I would recommend checking this place out if you're tired of the box chains and want to great coffee in a nice atmosphere.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,11/25/2013,136,445,7,14,13>You guys. Seriously. Can you say fun? Not just your normal everyday yeah, it was fun. We're talking off the charts fun. The Red Dress Run in Nola is one of my favorite things. First of all, all of the money is donated to local charities. That kicks ass. It's sort of reminds me of Mardi Gras minus the floats (not minus beads though..errybody always has beads to throw here) and everyone is in red instead of purple, green and gold.  The party starts early (10am) so pace yourself with that free flowing beer. You don't wanted to be schwasted by the time the race starts at noon.  It's an easy two mile run but starting at noon in August it's going to be HOT.  That's part of the fun, however because articles of red clothing start to get removed by some of the less modest (or maybe they're wasted?) race participants.  One year I was behind a guy who had on nothing but a red speedo with the word "Chomper" across his derrière. It was a pretty nice view. =)In addition to all of this there's free wine and wine coolers, yummy catered food, and unlimited beer. This year the entertainment will be provided by Cowboy Mouth and Dash Riprock.  Whoo!!Who's coming with me?!!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,9/16/2012,56,189,2,7,3>This is the place to go for crawfish and all the fixins'. Whether you're planning to boil your own crawfish or want to get them already cooked, Big Fisherman is the place to go.  We had visitors who wanted crawfish and we were able to get everything we needed at Big Fisherman to give them the full experience. We got crawfish, potatoes, corn on the cob, andouille sausage, and roasted garlic; all cooked and ready to be eaten. Everything was seasoned very well and delicious. The prices were pretty reasonable, although the crawfish were almost a dollar more per pound than they were going for at like Rouses at the time (this was in mid-April). However, the convenience of having everything available in one place was definitely worth the additional cost. This isn't a restaurant, so there's no seating on site. That's alright! We picked up some beer along the way and took our Big Fisherman goods to Audubon Park where we could eat and drink under the oak trees. We'll definitely be returning to Big Fisherman in the spring (if not sooner) and I recommend you do the same for your next crawfish boil.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,9/15/2012,61,118,3,7,3>What joy to have two new Vietnamese restaurants near my hood open in the space of a month (and one more is on the way, if Pho Moi Viet ever unbars their doors)!   While Lilly's is not quite as chic-centric as Magasin (see previous review), it also strays from the traditional Westbank/N.O. East model of bare bones, stultifyingly drab environs encasing the clean, fresh, bracing and picant flavors of Indochine cookery. I, for one. am happy not to have to contend with that particular cognitive dissonance as often (though I still love you Pho Tau Bay)...but I digress.Lilly's has treated concrete floors, modern rattan & steel chairs and spare but thoughtful wall dressings.    The eponymous proprietor of Lilly's is so warm and her staff is not far behind in the friendly and efficient departments. While the traditional canon of Vietnamese fare is represented (Spring rolls, pho, bun, rice plates & bahn mi), there are little tweaks & additions like Lilly's special spring roll (with pork, ham,avocado & strawberry [!!]) and garlic eggplant and spicy tofu appetizers.      I know the produce is fresh as I usually eat lunch late and they are often out of an item or two (Lilly out shopping for the dinner service is not unusual) and all the dishes I've tried support that notion. I particularly like the grilled shrimp rice dish and the tofu spring rolls. It is a snap to eat heartily and spend very little and I implore you all to visit the lovely Lilly and her sweet little cafe.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,9/14/2012,193,41,7,3,3>Hmm I wonder why this place doesn't have more customers! Maybe cause I didn't go during peak dinner hour? And also on a random Tuesday...BUT I'm a fan :) our server was friendly, service was fast, and CLEAN bathrooms! Places with a blargh (word that I use to describe stuff sometimes :x haha...) bathroom are a big no no.Funny story though... So I came here with my mom and since we came to America when she was in her 40's, her English isn't the best; and this is what happens when we're at our table.Mom: Let's order the F**ky roll.Me: ... (o.o)" Mom it's pronounced "fuNky."Mom: Ooo OK the F**kING roll.Me: ... (-.-)"Anyhoo, we ordered the funky* margarita roll (along with the special crunchy roll), and it was quite delicious; fresh, flavorful, with a lot of seafood like crawfish inside the roll itself :) and their portions are generous! Appetizer and 2 rolls were enough to satiate our hunger; but since they had tempura ice cream (fried green tea ice cream [vanilla is offered too] in tempura batter with (I think) a blueberry sauce drizzle; yumm), how could we resist?? :D
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,9/13/2012,83,254,,7,2>Fantastic, I'm never getting my eyebrows waxed again, it's all threading from here on out! The young woman who did my brows was great; thorough yet quick. I admit I was a little skeptical about her skill level, she looked like she was in high school but I was very pleased. $10 is an absolute steal.  I didn't have to wait at all and they accept credit cards.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,9/12/2012,114,467,6,8,5>As I mentioned in my last review, it's been a bad week, so we were off to get a happy crawfish and seafood fix.After a disappointing taste-test at Cajun Corner, we stopped here. I asked for a crawfish to taste, mentioning I was looking for something with a little spice. THE FOOD:The crawfish he gave me was large enough to name and possibly spoon with on Joshua's Couch.I pealed and pinched; Good stuff!  Sweet tail meat that compares favorably as a cross between good shrimp and lobster.. So I sucked the head and coughed from the spice. Now THIS is more like it. There is something wonderful about the mix between sweet tail and spicy heat that gives you two wonderful flavors each crawfish. And if you are lucky enough to crack and eat the claws, you get this third, very meaty flavor to boot. 2 Lbs, please.The girly ordered a small Oyster Po boy and at 7.50 or so, it was a good price. She devoured it and probably could have done the full sized one, she liked it so much. She also ate different bits from my crawfish. She liked the flavor a lot.The only thing that could have made this experience better would have been a nice cold beer.THE BUSINESS:This is a small, clean, spartan storefront, but a few tables. The people running it are Vietnamese and have great attitudes, each joking with me about the spices when I coughed. Each glad that I liked them.Is it my imagination or have the Vietnamese taken over the seafood boil/fry shop type businesses one delicious bite after another?  Like many, these guys got their start in NOLA East. Their family has a shrimp boat so they get the freshest seafood in and can offer them at good prices.So next time my beloved Seafood Zone is too crowded or out of their fantastic crawfish, I'll happily come here for my seafood fix. And if they aren't open, Well it's right by Hong Kong Market and my also beloved Pho Dahn 4.SO it's win, win, win.Oh...and if the Evil Girly has her way, there is also a new Mexican place right next door that she can drag me into. At least that will give me something new to review.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,9/11/2012,17,91,3,7,3>Such a great place for your best friend!!! I have a small dog with ALOT of energy & this is the place to be!! They have created a great place - a separate place for small dogs & a BIG park for the big boys!!! They have created it so very well - built up so it drains well cuz you know it rains alot here - so that reduces the mud puddles.They have water fountains for the dogs as well as a place to wash your dog if he/she indeed does get a little messy!!There are always a great group of people who are there with their best friends & so you can have alot of great conversation & learn alot about dogs - & people as well!!They have installed lights & will have extended hours soon too!!Don't forget to clean up after your best friend though - it's the right thing to do!Such a great place!!!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,9/10/2012,44,123,4,4,3>Sunday morning when I wake up, I am usually suffering the dreaded double hangover.  A phenomena that comes from going hair of the dog instead of facing Saturday's hangover like a man.There are only two cures for this type of hangover.1. Take an extremely strong prescription strength sedative, drink a bottle of pedialyte, and veg out on the couch until sleep overtakes you2. Go hair of the dog yet AGAIN and get to bed early so by Monday you just feel mentally disabled, but not like a war victim.I take option # 2.  I always take option # 2.  That's why I don't schedule things on Monday.Calling my friend Peter, who I can tell by the cotton mouth and raspy voice is in equally dire straights I tell him "we are going to Parkway for bloodies".He obliges gladly and next thing you know we are sitting at the crowded bar ordering drinks and Reuben sandwiches with sweet potato fries and extra dressing on the side.The bloodies were epic, but they are practically a meal on their own.  It is almost too thick to suck through a straw, which isn't exactly the way I like my first hangover drink to be textured, but the second one went down like the Hindenburg.  The Reuben came out and was everything I needed it to be.  The fresh corned beef, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese and dressing were the perfect compliment to salted sweet potato fries.  Their fries are the crispest in the land and they give you so many that you should split an order.  By my third drink, an Abita Amber my hangover was gone, my salt stores replenished and I was actually feeling pretty drunk again, which is why I came in the first place.I have had just about every other sandwich they offer, but the Reuben seems to be my new favorite and I'm on some kind of corned beef bender that I don't want to recover from.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,9/9/2012,164,215,3,8,5>Went while my mother was in town for her 62nd birthday [which coincidentally is the age for a senior discount...score! and me being a student, we got the student discount as well...double score!]. Loved the exhibits, not much of a selection for souvenirs but it was definitely an enriching experience and a beautiful, cultural and historical landmark. I'm glad I had a chance to visit before leaving the city in May. And it only set us back $10 for the both of us! Well worth it. Be aware that they have VERY limited business hours Wed. - Sat. 11am to 4pm.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,9/8/2012,230,290,2,8,4>I've only been here a handful of times, actually less (like 2), but it has yet to disappoint me.  Their bun and pho is good as well as some of the rice dishes. I don't live in Slidell, but I'm pretty happy there is an awesome Viet stop close to where my Mom resides. I definitely can't say it rivals any wank Viet but for being outside of NOLA, this place is pretty awesome. Service is great, food is tasty and reasonable... if you have issues with this spot, question yourself and not the restaurant.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,9/7/2012,169,65,4,7,5>My darling & I stumbled upon this intriguing new spot last night on our way to dinner in the bywater. We popped in for a quick drink and found the place packed on what we found out was opening night. We grabbed our drinks at the bar and chatted with a group of friends who were waiting on their dinner. I perused the menu and while it is limited, it offer an assortment of fresh, local dishes. Everything coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled delicious. The space is small, dimly lit and modern (reminded me a bit of Bar Tonique - which I love). We'll surely be back for dinner or brunch soon at which point I hope to give the place 5 stars.  Check their website for hours.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,11/24/2013,21,119,3,6,4>We had a friend tell us a couple times that we should try this place and tonight for my partner's birthday, we decided to give it a try. I really was not expecting much- people rave about their burgers- but I don't eat beef. But my partner does and it was his day, so we went to Cowbell.It was Wednesday, so they had a special available that was Grilled Chicken and Waffles for $13.95 and that's what I decided to try. It sounded good but weird at the same time. It was waffles, REAL Maple Syrup (I'm from Vermont,it's Important!), grilled organic chicken breast with a sausage white gravy and greens which were collard and something else.First, the Greens were salty and flavorful. I've never really had collard greens before and had no particular expectation of their flavor so I was pleasantly surprised. They were salty and a little smoky. The chicken was flavorful, juicy, and out of this world tasty with that heavenly gravy. The waffles had a pecan butter and with the sweet Maple Syrup on top, oh what a heavenly combination the entire plate was. I might go back every Wednesday for this weekly special!My partner really loved his burger and fries and is also enthusiastic about going back whenever I want. There are other items on the menu that also look really good so at some point I'd like to try more of their food and if what we had tonight was any indication, then I expect to be wowed! Why did we wait so long to try this place?
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,11/23/2013,64,156,6,11,8>To say that my fiance is obsessed with all things kawaii is an understatement. I think her deepest darkest wish is to magically transform into an adorable Japanese school girl. So when a shop opened, catering to all things adorable and Japanese, I knew that she would be their best customer.Their first day open, she bolted over there the minute she got out of work and went on a spree. She took me back the next day and bought even more stuff.Her haul? Some really adorable tops (my favorite is one with seashells over the boob area and it says I'm really a mermaid), two sets of really awesome decoden nail art, some tattoo tights, a hat with surprisingly subtle cat ears, and (yay!) an awesome free gift because she actually filled up one of their punch cards within two days of them being open. The deal is you get a stamp everytime you spend over $20, and at the end you get a free gift. Our free gift ended up being a Momiji doll worth ~$19. Not a bad deal there!The woman that owns the shop has her husband and older sister helping out, and everyone is so nice and willing to chat endlessly. You can tell that everyone is genuinely thrilled to be there. What's more, they really transformed the space. We were told that they painted the whole house themselves, and they did a great job.I can definitely tell you that there is nowhere else in New Orleans like Kawaii NOLA. They are an official Sanrio retailer if you're into Hello Kitty and friends, but they also have a great selection of toys, books, jewelry, some badass sunglasses, some BEAUTIFUL wigs, and even lolita wear! There is even cute stuff for mini humans aka kids.My one wish? DOG CLOTHES. Pleaaaaaase, Kawaii NOLA, my chiweenie needs some cute doggie wear!Anyway, it's definitely worth checking out even if you think that you might not necessarily be in their demographic. There really is something for most people here.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,11/22/2013,99,352,5,10,9>High five to Fat City Franks for being a part of the revival of Fat City, their colorful inviting restaurant is a breath of fresh air to the area.  Parking is limited, but we were able to find a spot fairly easily during lunch. As we pulled up, we saw a boy in a hot dog suit jumping around waving people in, now that's how you make the most of the last days of summer vacation.  He was doing an awesome job welcoming everyone inside. When you walk in the door you are in the bar area and its dimly lit. At first, it looked like they only had bar seating and high top tables, but fear not. There is a nook of additional seating area that can host larger parties.  They have a chalk board featuring all their locally made dogs and all the "fixins" They also have some specialty dog options that will change the way you thought you had to eat a hot dog. The Banh Mi, Bali Hai, Tokyo Joe Dawg are just a sampling of the outside the box selections.  We had a few questions about the menu before we ordered and the gentleman behind the counter was eager to talk to us about everything. Once we mastered the menu, we ordered at the counter and excitedly awaited our order to arrive.  I opted for the chipotle veggie dog, and with so many toppings to choose from I ended up getting gauc, sour cream, tomato, onions and jalapeños. One topping kept pulling me was the Cajun monica sauce, but I wasn't sure how it would go with my concoction so I asked if he could put some on the side and he happily obliged. None of the hot dogs come with a side but an order of fries is large enough to share with 2-4 people.  My veggie dog was bursting with flavor and had just the right amount of spice. The bread is perfect for an overloaded hot dog. It's soft, fresh and does not ever get soggy so you aren't on a race against time. Huzzah! I am so happy I got the Cajun monica sauce on the side. I dipped my fries in it and its now my latest foodgasm discovery. I hope more placed like this keep opening in Fat City. If you haven't ventured out this way in a while you may be pleasantly surprised by all the changes. It's a work in progress, but it seems to be shaping up nicely.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,11/21/2013,93,281,9,11,8>I have in the past received assignments that were handled with ease. Whether that was chasing a bad guy up a dark alley or dealing with a hostile Judge. However today my wife gave me a task that caused beads of sweat to appear on my forehead. To seek out and find a fun toy for a two year old and it has to be done today. I have not shopped for toys since I had a full head of hair.Turned to my trusted backup: YELP.Typed in "Toys" in the Nearby link and up popped The Magic Box. Immediately made my way to the target and entered with three words on my lips and looking for someone to tell them to. Those words were "I need help."And there was Malcolm who had the knowledge, patience, and friendliness I was seeking this morning. Got the job done with a very large smile on my face. And they do gift wrap for a $1.00 and they do it quickly. Great gift, birthday card and the toy gift wrapped in a jiffy.Of course I am going to take all the credit for my expert knowledge in finding great toys for children along with the most professional wrapping that I have on the gift. Just hope no one at the birthday party reads this review.Only reason The Magic Box is not a five star for me is that I have no other place to compare it to.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,11/20/2013,48,200,,6,3>Finally I've found a great pizza place in Metairie. Found this place totally by accident on a late night hunt for dinner through Yelp. Looked over the menu and called in an order which was ready pretty quickly.They have all types of options on the menu, Pizza, Sandwiches, Calzones, etc.The dining area inside is fairly small, but there's enough space to sit and relax or wait and take your order to go.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,11/19/2013,126,102,2,15,11>Let me start out by saying that I am that crazy cat lady. My cat is my baby, my child, whatever. I've had her for 11 years and she means the world to me. So when she started feeling sick I brought her in to the Cat Practice.I had seen their mural on the side of the building but multiple friends of mine told me this is where they brought their cats. Since I was new to the area, I was glad to have multiple recommendations to anywhere.Wow. I was seriously impressed. They took in my baby right away...no week long wait. They did an exam and deduced that she'd need to come in for an ultrasound...they suspected liver cancer :(They scheduled the ultrasound for Friday of the same week when an ultrasound specialist from the LSU Vet school in Baton Rouge would be in town (Right!!). It was the Friday before Memorial Day weekend. Apparently these people don't work because they called me that Saturday to check on my baby girl, AND on Memorial Day when they got the test results back. Seriously. Who does this nowadays? During this whole ordeal they kept in touch almost every day, checking on my baby and making sure she was okay after the ultrasound.They let me take as many free samples of their Science Diet food when I was distraught from the potential cancer diagnosis and told them it was the only food my kitty was eating. They said she was too skinny and needed to eat, so take them. I called for a follow up appointment this week, a few months later, and they could take her the next morning. Not only that, they would keep her for me during the day until I got off of work!! What kind of service is this!It turned out my little girl only had nodes on her gall bladder and not cancer, yay! I feel so lucky to have these guys close by. I can't imagine taking my moochie snookums anywhere else. Top notch place. They really care about your feline friends.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,11/18/2013,181,479,1,8,8>The ONLY place we take our scooters for any repairs, maintenance or supplies. ALL the guys here are very knowledgeable in their field, plus they are super nice, not pushy about making you spend more than you need to, and, they offer some seriously sound advice if you are waffling on what to do with your scooter that has lasted longer than it should have.The garage is off the beaten path and is not fancy (or air-conditioned for that matter), but their sweat is our savings cause they don't have the huge overhead that some fancy shops on busy streets might have to pay.BIG Thanks to Dave for keeping our scooters on the road and for getting it off the side of the road a few times too. I trust Dave with all of my scooter repairs and decisions, and I have for almost 10 years!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,11/17/2013,78,67,2,6,4>So, living down the street, I happend in to this litle place one evening.It is AMAZING.Seating at the bar was quick.If you had wanted a table, well, the wait would have been longer.I ordered an Old Fashioned, which came quickly, and was beautiful.The menu prices are about average for the moderately high variety, ezxcept for the Veal, which I ordered.The Veal, came with Mashed Potatos and gravy, with some greens.Ohh, such comfort food, I was instantly in love.I feel like I am the last person in NEw Orleans not to have eaten here, but will come back again and again, and again.Good service, amazing drinks, beautiful food.What's not to love.Staying Big and Easy..and still..Your Daddy
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,11/16/2013,7,21,13,14,8>CON: Shake Sugary is only open on the weekend.PRO: Shake Sugary is only open on the weekend.No really. Thank God I'm limited to two days of Shake Sugary a week. I live very close to this place and every weekend I stumble over in my pyjamas with a mason jar for dollar coffee, a gunny sack for whatever treats I fall victim to, and a sense of impending doom. Because I'm about to lose a battle against willpower in front of some nice progressive ladies who bake for a living. Shake Sugary's got a lot of delicate and whimsical sounding things. I can't remember specifics [because what am I a scientist] but it's always stuff like gluten-free lavender pear tarts or a vegan ginger blueberry turnovers or whatever. I'm not a vegan or a gluten-free person but we live in America and it's 2013 and I am trying. They also have really good quiche and sweet potato and bacon biscuits and how am I supposed to resist any of these things am I Superman or Jesus? No, I am a flawed human being. I will have the day-old pecan covered sticky bun on discount please, to be scarfed above the New York Times magazine on my kitchen table. Everything is good. The miniature key lime pies especially. Generally, I just choose something with a pleasing color and size because it's only going to exist for another five minutes until I transform that gorgeous morsel into crumbs, shame, and calories. Stay well away from Shake Sugary. Or just go every goddam day it's open. Your choice.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,11/15/2013,34,86,5,8,6>This is where I live and work at times.  I moved here 2 years ago from Baton Rouge.  I truly love the slower pace of Slidell no traffic from hell, definitely lower crime rate,  a great place to raise kids.  There are so many treasures that are hidden. From small boutiques locally owned, family ran restaurants like my fav. ..Pecks and Christopher on Carey, and big city things like Wally World and Target all wrapped up in a small city world.  I have yet to discover all Slidell has to offer but I must say I love this city and I look forward to discovering more ttreasures in the city in which I dwell.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,12/5/2011,62,448,5,6,4>having lived in larger cities with more active gay communities, i'm used to getting the cold shoulder in men's bars.  i know it's nothing personal, it's just the way it is.  they ain't there to meet new girls.  or serve them drinks.  but life is friendlier in the big easy.  and the lack of girl bars means we all gotta share from time to time.  i appreciate this place because it's not an out-of-control disco even when it's as noisy and crowded as one.  and on afternoons, it's the most pleasant neighborhood bar you could hope to wander into.  upstairs is quieter than down and the balcony is a most pleasant way to while away an hour or two on dauphine.i've been there for everything from chili tasting contests on sunday afternoon to strippers on the bar on saturday night and i've never felt out of place or unwelcome.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,12/4/2011,83,254,3,7,4>I am mad at myself for living around the corner for a year and never coming here! And now I've moved out of walking distance. Anyway, I finally made it and I'm glad I did.I was very pleased to see how many fresh juices they offered. I had the Ginger Hopper, which I didn't find gingery at all, plus it was too watery for me. But my friend's True Blood with beet juice was quite tasty. I was pleasantly surprised with how good everyone's food was. My chicken salad was perfect and it came on a toasted croissant with a lovely side salad. Their champagne dressing is fantastic. I also sampled the chili con carne, the rice looked boring but the meat was flavorful and falling apart.  I didn't get a chance to have a bite of my other friend's crab and brie panino but since she finished it in 4.2 seconds flat, it's safe to assume that she really enjoyed it. I was worried that service would be poor but it was on point and our server was very informative about menu items and how they do things to be "eco." Nothing for dessert really grabbed us, although they did list Clif bars as an offering, which I thought was pretty amusing.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,12/3/2011,235,222,4,10,6>I drove by the Butcher for nearly 18 months before I finally decided to stop in and give it a try.  Actually, if it hadn't been for a coworker's recommendation (thanks Joey), I may have not tried this place yet.  Upon my 1st visit, I knew this was someplace special.  In fact, I vowed not to write a review until I had been here a few times so that I could review several items on the menu.The "restaurant" is definitely small, but I have to agree with Marielle S. that this place has an upscale diner feel about it.  It exudes an immediate cool factor as soon as you walk in the door.  There is a small counter on the left with fresh meats and sausages.  Just behind the counter are 4 sandwich presses and overhead is a small cabinet where they cure their own meats.  The staff behind the counter are friendly and talkative, and they immediately puts you at ease; especially if this is your first trip to Cochon Butcher.My 1st recommendation to anyone would be to go with a friend.  That way, you can split two sandwiches, or split one sandwich and a side order (or two).My 1st trip was a solo trip and I opted for the "Cubano" sandwich with cochon de lait.  For all my California friends who may not know what cochon de lait means, I digress.  The French translation is literally "pig in milk".  However, it's simply a marinated pit roasted young suckling pig, and there is nothing more tender.  Now back to the Cubano, which is simply a traditional Cuban pressed sandwich stacked high with fresh pork (cochon de lait).  I am a voratious eater, but had a tough time knocking this down, and it was simply delicious.On my 2nd trip, I ordered the "Gambino".  As the name implies, this Italian style sandwich features cotto salami, sopressata, coppa (capicola) and fresh herb vinaigrette.  This is yet another great sandwich, and the kicker is, that they cure all the meat on premises. On my 3rd trip, I heeded my own advice and opted not to go alone so that I could try more than 1 item.  We split the pork belly sandwich on white toast with mint and cucumber, and it was awesome.  Don't shy away from the pork belly as it's nothing more than a thick cut bacon (kind of).  Since we were sharing, we had the hot boudin sausage appetizer (bar food), and I am honestly telling you that this is the best boudin I've ever eaten.  For those of you not familiar with boudin (pronounced boo-dan), it's a traditional cajun/Acadian pork sausage that is stuffed with a pork rice dressing, similar to "dirty rice".  Even if you're not hungry but find yourself in the neighborhood, stop by and get the $3.00 boudin sausage.  Lastly, we tried the pancettamac 'n' cheese.  Another big winner here.  The panko style crust and infused pancetta (Italian bacon) make you want to lick the bowl when you're done.  It's really that good.On my latest visit, but definitely not my last visit, we split the cochon de lait sandwich with provolone cheese.  There must have been 12 ounces of pork on this sandwich and it was so juicy that you needed several napkins just to keep clean.  No disappointment here either, as it was delicious.  For an appetizer, we ordered the duck pastrami sliders, for no other reason than to say we tried it.  Even though we are both pastrami fans, the duck pastrami was a little gamey.  Not bad at all, just a little taste of the wild.Now that I have bragged about the food, let me say a few words about the staff.  The sandwich "artisans", although very busy, manage to greet everyone as they enter the restaurant and are willing to tell you their favorites and most popular sandwiches.  All food is ordered at the counter, but the food is brought to your table by a server who will refill your drinks and bring you anything else you may need.  The staff is courteous and attentive and have been so on all 4 of my visits.If you haven't been, you need to go.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,12/2/2011,160,165,8,6,8>I never reviewed Snake's? WTF is wrong with me? This is my favorite of all favorites, dive bar. Oh how I like you Snake and on occasion Jake (when he is there)..My chihuahua frequents here more then I do. I've been in here in my pajamas. Ice cold cheap ass fuck Schlitz. I wonder how much their electric bill costs.You can always find someone you know in here. I wonder what the place looks like with the lights on. Wait don't turn the lights on, I'm looking like crap right now. Oh okay, Christmas lights.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,12/1/2011,242,340,,7,4>I like the location and proximity to St. Charles and Tulane University.Good neighborhood store for the folks around there that need household items and food quickly. I come here when I need good cheese, and I am heading to a party Uptown. The Better Cheddar is outstanding.Today I went for a king cake and was very pleased with my selection.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,11/30/2011,58,65,1,5,5>I'm a big fan of the bushwhacker drink they have. It's coconut, chocolate-y goodness. There might be banana in it, I don't know. You can get it frozen or on ice and it is a treat.The place is always full of Tulane and Loyola students who act like they own the place. It's only a few blocks from campus so it's within walking distance if they want to "get off campus." VC accepts Tulane NOLA bucks which also attracts students. They're studying, talking and looking at people who order coffee.  The lot next door has about 10 parking spaces. It's a bit tight when big trucks park there or someone doesn't park within the lines, but I've never had to walk far from where I've parked.I'm not a huge fan of the latte, but you can't go wrong with a black coffee (if you like it that way), a cafe au lait or ice coffee with lots of milk.  VC has an assortment of breakfast cakes and bagels (not the best bagels) as well as some lunch stufff (sandwiches and soup/salad I believe).
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,11/29/2011,257,566,8,9,11>I woke up and decided, "yeah, sick of long hair, time to chop it off." That's exactly what I did on my lunch break. Well, I didn't do it, Robin did. I called NOLA Hair Salon around 11am and booked a 1pm appointment for a cut and some highlights. Awesome. Since I had a vague idea of what I wanted, but nothing concrete, Robin helped me pick out a photo for her to sort of follow. She then made her own suggestions to personalize the cut/style. The highlights were a great finishing touch as well. Overall, my new super short hairdo looks fabulous and I couldn't be happier.She and her staff are professional and friendly - oh, and the salon itself is really nicely decorated too!Want a Daiquiri or a Smoothie while getting your hair cut? There are both options in the same little strip mall. If I hadn't been returning to work, I definitely would have taken advantage of the daiquiri shop next door. I'll be back for a trim soon, I'm sure... hopefully on my day off so I can sip on a daiquiri too!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/9/2011,11/28/2011,54,438,4,4,4>Piccadilly is one of the those places where you can find something for pretty much everyone. Throw in under $10  for an entrée, two sides, bread and a drink and it's a win for me. It's not the best in cuisine, in fact it's closer to home than haute, but it's filling and you can find something you'll think is tasty. I like the chicken fingers.The only down side is how early it closes. Shut down for 8:30? That's barely dinner time for most people.  As a result, Piccadilly tends to attract an elderly crowd. But I'm not here to pick girls up, I'm here for a meal. Who cares if old people are sitting nearby. Last time I checked, people of all ages at even the fanciest of restaurants.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,11/27/2011,272,184,5,9,7>Those who frequent the Freret Street corridor have probably noticed the tiny yet brightly Simon Hardeveld painted building that's popped up between the apparently rarely open nursery and the reconstructing/revamping of identity Ensign storefront. Perhaps you were drawn in by the European flags waving merrily from the ceiling, the Hawaiian shirts of Loyola-student employees, or the friendly owners sitting on a bench calling you to come try a delicious Dat Dog.Or mayyyybe, you listen to Louisiana Eats on WWNO and have excitedly been following the opening of this German wieners meets New Orleans flavor endeavor ever since the broadcast, when the store was still in the midst of renovation.Dat Dog is the project of Skip Murray and Constantine Georges, NOLA born high school buddies, who combined Skip's former career as London's "hot dog guy", serving the International Little League a taste of a "real" American baseball game, with George's interest in the up-and-coming Freret neighborhood. The menu reads simple: your choice of specialty sausage (German bratwurst, Polish kielbasa, Louisiana crawfish, hot, or alligator), and a plethora of toppings. The French Fries are seasoned and crisp; a bottle of Coke or Barqs finishes off your cash-only meal.The wait isn't long, the service is friendly, and the proprietors are chatty, happy to retell their respective stories and hear your thoughts on the product. Which, I must now state as fact, is totally awesomely rad. This is the true all-American product: non-bastardized immigrant fodder meets Cajun ingenuity.My buddy's alligator sausage was topped with just about everything but wasabi. That is to say: ketchup, mustard, relish, onions, diced tomatoes, cheddar cheese, sauerkraut, chili, and andouille sauce. The thought of all that personally makes me ill, but he seemed to really enjoy it.I tend towards simpler flavor profiles so my smoked German bratwurst was merely topped with an artful squiggle of Creole mustard. The flavor and texture of the sausage is unbelievable; firm and supple with a burst of flavor (I'm realizing that one probably shouldn't talk about wieners in this way.... oh well). Again, the toasted sweet bread in lieu of bun complements the hot dog perfectly.One feature I would like to point out we have all raved about to this point is the bread that the hot dog comes in. No generic white-bread cookout bun here. The bread is grilled to a crisp toast, leaving the insides soft and a little chewy. It never breaks apart and soaks in all the toppings, providing a perfect hand-hold; the flavor is distinct but mild enough to complement the sausage, making for a wonderful eating experience (unlike barbecues of yore, when ketchup crumbled your bun).The fries are another highlight of the meals I've had here. Crispy and seasoned, I call these "un-curly fries" in my head; they have an additional flavor but are crisp and hot all around. You know what I'm talking about, when curly fries are all mushy in between when you pull them apart? Wait, no one else is bothered by that?Open till 12 AM on Fridays and Saturdays and 9PM most other nights (although closed Mondays), Dat Dog is the perfect addition to the Freret neighborhood. Remember, it's cash only, so stop by the ATM before boozing it up at Cure and then soaking it up with some all-American bread-encased meat.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,11/26/2011,181,479,2,9,4>This little oasis on Esplanade avenue is the sort of tranquil park that everyone wishes they had in their neighborhood; a place to sit and picnic, gather with friends, or just sit alone and read a book.This park is the result of wonderful individuals, planning, planting and caring for a spot that had been ignored for many years (before it was this lovely oasis some used to call it dog s#*t park). The result is something amazing for everyone to share. Thank YOU, caring wonderful neighbors!!!Once a year the neighborhood has a tiny festival as a fund raiser to support the needs of the park. This year's Fortier Fest featured Walter Wolfman Washington and had a special guest appearance by Allen Toussaint.Go across the street, get a bottle of wine, or an iced coffee, and a sandwich, come back and have a lovely picnic!!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,6/8/2011,68,31,,4,3>I've been to Three Muses three times. I only went for cocktails the first two times. I loved the atmosphere and the beer selection. I'm one of those people who always has to ask what 's on tap. The bartender did a fabulous job recommending a beer that I truly loved. (And now I'm kicking myself because I can't remember which one it was. I do know it was a NOLA Brew.) Last night was my first culinary experience at Three Muses, and it won't be my last. The feta fries are amazing, as are the lamb sliders. The portions were just right. I felt full without being overstuffed...which means I had room for the incredible Mexican chocolate ice cream. Oh my, how I do love chocolate with a kick. Three Muses has become quite popular, as the place was packed by 6:30.  Sweet Home New Orleans provided traditional jazz, including Christmas carols. They were great, and the crowd loved them. If you haven't tried Three Muses, you're missing out.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,6/7/2011,143,66,9,8,4>Ok, so you're not greeted at the door with a friendly,  "Hello, how may I help you!" I can live with that, as long as, they can fix the iPhone!  These guys are awesome!  Knowledgeable, quick and reasonable.    They fix my friend's iDock on his iPhone in less than 15 mins and under $100.  Yay!As for the store, it was clean and enormous.  They could fit a live band with a dance floor on one side of the room.  Not sure if they need that much space, but it works!  To be honest, I would crawl in a cave, naked, in the middle of winter to get to anyone that could fix my iPhone.   Its like losing a limb to be without a phone, so I understood my friend dire need to get the phone fixed immediately. :D   My overall experience earn them 4-stars!  Kudos to Jessica R, reading her review is why I chose to go there!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,6/6/2011,526,986,3,14,8>Man, this should have been my 200th review!  Oh well, a bit over #200 will do.I would like to start by saying that I am a PROUD alum of The University of New Orleans.  I not only received my Bachelor of Science in Psychology here (as did my father), but I also came away with a well rounded education that included classes, not only in Psychology, but in Geology, Biology, Arts, Anthropology, Art history, English, Foreign Language, Computer Science and three different Maths (one of which nearly killed me.  Trig is the devil.).  Am I bragging?  You bet your bow tie I am!  That was a lot of hard work, man!You can take classes online, which makes it really easy to work around your schedule.UNO offers a huge and gorgeous campus with buildings for classes, student housing (apartments and dorms), a student center (in which a student bookstore and eating area is held), a library, a performing arts center, a gym and an arena where sports events and concerts are held.Did you know that UNO has a children's center that caters to children of faculty and students ages 1-5 years?  They are called the petite Privateers!  How cute is that?Parking at UNO is really convenient.  Buy a parking pass at the beginning of the semester and park in the parking lot closest to your classes (planning classes by day that are all in close proximity to one another is an art all it's own).If you are interested in social activities at UNO, they offer everything from Basketball to Football (for 2 years now) to Greek life.  There are a lot of organizations that you can get involved in, in the arts as well.When I go for my Master's degree, my plan is definitely to return to UNO.  UNO alums be heard!  Review today!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,6/4/2011,34,41,1,3,1>Build your own burger? Yes, please! I was surprised when I looked at the menu and saw a removable sheet in it for circling options. With these options you can customize the burger of your dreams. I'm a big burger fan in general, but I loved being able to choose exactly what it was made of from the bun to the dressings. It's a little pricey for my taste, but it was a damn good burger (all hamburger joints should give the option of wheat buns). The service was a little strange though. It took a while for someone to come to our table to take our drink order; so long that we ordered our burgers then too. Then we waited for a really long time without any response from our waitress. It's a good thing we weren't dying of thirst, because we didn't get our beverages until our burgers were put in front of us. After that the experience was wonderful. Despite the lack of attention, our waitress was very nice.An added bonus about Phil's Grill is that when you check in, you get offered a free topping for your burger. Normally you get a choice of three, and after that, the additional toppings are  $.75 more. With this deal, you can add that icing atop the cake and make your burger extra awesome without the added expense. Yay Yelp benefits!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,6/3/2011,62,66,7,6,6>Dear St James Cheese Company,I am so glad we still make time to see each other once a week-ish. Tucked on Prytania Street amidst a couple of other shops, you sit loyally. My Chase Bank across the street introduced us. And since I tasted the warm delight that was your Croque Monsieur special a few months back, I look forward to our lunch dates. Your specialty sandwiches are always fresh and notably hand-crafted. Your cheese plates (sold in 3 more cheeses) are excellent. The side salad is the perfect combination of spring mix dressed with honey dijon sprinkled with parmesan. Never lets me down. I'm sorry if you feel like I am smothering you. I know it hasn't been very long, but when I'm with you, I feel amazing. After all, this day for lunch, you offered me an experience I could not refuse under sane pretenses: $22 Chocolate plate with cheese pairings. I felt guilty for keeping this to myself, so I shared our secret with my good friend, Austin. Holy heavens, it came on a humble slate lined with triangles of crisp Mexican chocolates and a variety of hand-selected cheese pairings. 5 generous (never miniscule) share-size servings of cheese paired with their chocolates made the skies open up so I could cry tears of culinarily satisfied joy. Favorite pairings were the Cashel Blue and vanilla chocolate (I even dared to put a dab of fig jam you so pleasantly included in the mix) and the Humbolt Fog paired with cinnamon chocolate. The chocolate was stone-ground and light with bold flavor. Surprisingly complimentary combinations and very good. Your staff is so very friendly and knowledgeable, but could be a little more attentive. They're never snooty, though.  I guess you pretty much just rock my cheesy world. Can't wait to explore your salad menu next! Just letting you know. But, I'm sure you are aware of your glory: you know what you are doing, and you're doing it very, very well. Much Love,JulesFresh and delicious saladsDelicious, savory sandwichesCheese... Chocolate... Wine... !!!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,6/2/2011,75,24,2,10,4>Ninja is my go-to for "regular" sushi. If I'm feeling fancy, Horinoya. If I'm feeling douchey (just kidding - but the pulsing dance music is so lame) Rock'n'Sake. My boyfriend and I go here probably once a month. The quality is consistent and the service is great. The chefs are friendly and helpful and always willing to make adjustments for you. We always sit at the bar and I've noticed that service is a bit more detached when you choose a table. Edmund is the chef we normally pick, but the owner Momo is pretty masterful as well and we'll always have a soft spot for Moriaki (he left a few years back, but the special roll that's named after him? AMAZING) We rotate through a number of favorite rolls and dishes, so here's the skinny on our faves:*Tuna Box - pressed crab & rice topped with buttery tuna, roe & green onion*Special Crunchy Roll - crab roll topped with fried tempura and 4 sauces*Spicy Salmon Roll (add cream cheese) - spicy fresh salmon with cream cheese and avocado*Moriaki Roll - tuna, salmon & yellowtail with clover sprouts*Goma Miso Roll - crab mix served with a unique miso dipping sauce*Rock'n'Roll - tempura shrimp served with a tangy roe sauce*Cajun Tuna Tataki - seared tuna with cajun spices served with ponzu sauce and green onion*Okra & Asparagus Tempura - deep fried split okra and asparagus spears*Baked Yellowtail Neck - crispy, meaty and flavorful baked yellowtail*Ninja Salad - cucumber and crab-based salad with roe and creamy wasabi dressing My boyfriend also raves about their udon, but I can't seem to order anything else when I go there because the sushi is so delicious. I've heard a lot of mixed stuff about Ninja, but as someone who has been a regular for over 5 years now, I have to say it's the best value for quality sushi in New Orleans.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,6/1/2011,160,165,,8,4>Completely amazed by what they have done with this small space. The coffee is great here. Tastes better then PJ's I must say. The tea cakes are delish! I scooped up a deal on living social and got a dozen for $6. I'll actually pay retail for these tea cakes. I also tried their velvet ice drink. It was good. Strong yet suttle with the right amount of sweetness, not too over powering. The teacakes have such unique and creative flavors. If you are around this area, check out this place. You will not be disappointed. Its the quaint yellow building across from Whole Foods.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,5/31/2011,114,467,4,9,4>[Edited to add one more star. After all. It was a perfect experience of its kind]Can't believe I'm writing a review about a tire place. How nuts is that?Ok. The reason I'm writing this is that I have a tiny car. Hi. My name is Bobby and I have a tiny car.(Hi Bobby!)Ok. I have a tiny car. And the tires on it are the same as old VW bug tires. Little things. Well...after about 150k miles, I decided there was just enough tread to make it somewhere to get some more. But I'm a cheap-o and didn't feel like spending 400 bucks on new ones special ordered and shipped from Pluto (Or wherever they make tires...Uranus?..hehe). So I tried for used ones. Wow are those hard to find. And those I did find were still really expensive. Now my whole car is valued at 360 bucks so I can't really abide paying that much for the tires.So after checking about 20 places all over the area, I was getting ready to turn around and go back to a place that had a pair of expensive tires and just deal with it. I saw this place as I was looking for a turn-around.Just thought I'd give it a try.Not only did they have the tires, they had used ones. They installed the tires (looked new) and balanced them all in about 30 minutes. Total bill? About 75 dollars.Seriously cool guys.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,5/30/2011,148,326,9,12,12>At first I thought that I walked right into an art film I didn't understand. As I sat down and looked at my surroundings; watching the movie screen show black and white pictures of the restaurant itself, and glancing over my head at the odd shaped light bulbs listening to a weird industrial/techno beat, honestly I was afraid that there may be a mime behind one of the brick pillars coming to scare the beejeezus out of me at any moment. There wasn't. And actually after getting over my initial feelings about Eiffel, I had a very nice evening meal. I had a living social coupon, so we went a little crazier than we normally would have. The cocktails are a major highlight here. Fresh ingredients, all of their mixes are made in-house by talented bartenders. I had a Dixie Down which was a combination of bourbon and honey and lemon. It was delicious. I didn't really even taste the bourbon. That's not a great thing because I love bourbon, but a nice variation on a bourbon drink to have with a meal. I also had an Old Fashioned later in my meal. It was a little heavy on the cherry, which funny enough is how I prepare my own, but it may not be a winner for a traditional Old Fashioned drinker. The food was also much better than I expected. The mussels in the coconut broth and the chicken and waffles were the low lights. The mussels were cooked well but I wanted something to keep the broth with the mussels besides some (kinda stale) bread. I really wanted to like the chicken and waffles, the chicken had a good crispiness to it but, as the other Lindsay mentioned, I wanted more syrup. The poached and grilled shrimp were done nicely. The star of the food show was the hangar steak and frites. Holy taste explosion Batman! This was delicious. Perfectly cooked steak with amazingly flavorful fries, I would get this again any day. All in all my, trip to Eiffel was much better than expected. I won't be running back here because it's just not my scene. However, if someone wanted to go experience it I would be happy to oblige them. I recommend going earlier to avoid later crowds and they have Salsa on Wednesday nights which makes it hard to hear your dining companions after 7pm. 3.5 rounded up to a 4 for that steak.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,5/28/2011,179,277,6,8,7>I wandered in here one night well after 2 AM. I was the designated driver / chauffeur for my friend's bachelorette party. I'd fulfilled my responsibility by dropping them off at Mimis but had several hours to kill while they did whatever women do at bachelorette parties.  I walked around aimlessly and found a door cut into the side of a metal warehouse marked cryptically with only the word MARKET. The light was glowing from inside on an otherwise dark street.  I had to go inside.  I definitely wasn't expecting what I saw.This place is FILLED with quality groceries. Quality might be an understatement. They are high-end groceries. Fancy teas, organic crackers, Bob's Red Mill mixes, stevia, foreign sodas, seemingly every product from the Ginger People, & much more. Surprisingly, the merch seemed to be priced lower than Whole Foods.  And the items aren't dusty! This place is one huge, delicious oddity.Mardi Gras Zone is now my go-to place to pick up a few items when throwing together an unplanned dinner.  It won't ever replace my schlep to Rouses, but it fills a certain need very effectively.The grocery area is open 24 hours, but I'm not so sure about the deli area.Edit: They added a wood-burning pizza oven. In a grocery store. Awesome!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,2/7/2012,19,46,14,3,4>So far, this is my favorite breakfast spot in the city, and as a friend once told me, "You're really into breakfast."  That, I am, mostly because I so rarely eat it.  When I do go out for breakfast, it's an event.  That's right.  NOCC&B isn't just a coffee shop, folks.  It's a damn event!  The first time I popped in, I didn't get anything special - a cup o' joe and a bagel which were definitely good enough.  I really dug the atmosphere, so the next time I hosted a friend from out of town, I took her here.  I got the bacon, ham, sausage, & cheddar cheese omelet.  She got the spinach, bacon, & brie omelet.  My omelet was fantastic and fantastically huge.  Her omelet was even better.  So now I know that the food is as good as the atmosphere.  Awesome!So, almost excited to be going to work, I stopped there today for a bite and a coffee.  I ordered the Breakfast Sandwich Special this time which is ham, egg, & cheddar on your choice of bread (mine was that great bagel).  It was simple, but definitely worth the $5.50 price.  Also on my order was - you guessed it - a red velvet cupcake.  It took a few minutes to get the sandwich, but the cupcake was there immediately.  I was going to save it for dessert, but then I began thinking about how good it would taste with my coffee.  Decisions, decisions.  Then my mind began to wander, as it is prone to do.  I was thinking about breakfasts and ridiculously red things when I swear I heard the cupcake talking to me.  It said, "Do you know how popular I am?  I am so popular.  Everybody loves me at this cafe."  Sarcastically, I replied, "Poor baby."Then, the cupcake, who told me her name was Claire, started talking about her parents, which I thought was odd.  She said, "I don't think either one of them gives a shit about me. It's like they use me just to get back at each other."  The coffee laughed and the cupcake told it to shut up.  "Remember how you said your parents use you to get back at each other?" I asked her.  "Wouldn't I be OUTSTANDING in that capacity?"  Then, I ate her.  No wonder she's so popular.  She was delicious - perfectly sweet and moist.Then, I heard my name called and snapped back into reality.  I left so  happy, full, and sated, (for a whopping $9) that on my way back to my bike, I jumped into the air and pumped my fist.  Defying the laws of physics, I got stuck that way while some old Simple Minds song played for a few minutes...AWKWARD.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,2/6/2012,6,19,41,17,18>The older Asian gentleman who delivers for them is a straight-up G. I live downtown and always see him haulin' ass, splitting lanes, and running red lights into opposing traffic on his rusted Wal-mart bicycle with two giant order bags balanced on the handlebars LIKE A BOSS. 2 miles uphill both ways in a torrential downpour.Also, WARNING, he'll pretty much knock down your front door if you don't get there in ~2 seconds. Don't bother yelling "Just a minute" or whatever, dude's gonna deliver his next PuPu Platter at the optimal serving temperature and doesn't have time for your BS. He'll go Boxer Rebellion on the entrance to your domicile and you'll love it and tip him 20% for the privilege.The highlights of the menu are the Dragon and Phoenix, General Tso's Chicken, and Mongolian Beef.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,2/4/2012,147,39,12,12,10>Am I really the first person to review this fantastic place? Unbelievable! Before you can understand my love of Vianne's, you must first know a few things about me: * I am a tea snob. (a boyfriend used to call my beverage "snobby tea" while he sipped his frap-a-whatsit) Usually a purist, with a strong preference for the tried and true Earl Grey. * I am a die-hard Janeitte. For those of you who are unfamiliar with the term, it means I adore the entire body of work of Ms. Jane Austen. Pride and Prejudice? Yes, please! * There is at least a small part of me that remains a country girl at heart. * I love hats. LOVE THEM. Have about a million. Okay, now on to Vianne's. I was planning my birthday party last year, when a friend recommended we have high tea at Vianne's. Being an uptown girl, I don't make it to the North Shore that frequently, and had never heard of Vianne's before. So I called to ask a few questions and book my party. That was the first time I spoke to Keri. Keri owns and operates Vianne's, and is pretty spectacular. She answered all my questions, was very friendly, and I booked the party right away. On Sunday, we all piled into cars and made the trek over to Old Mandeville. It was a gorgeous day, and that area is so pretty in the spring . . . you drive around right by the lakefront to get there, and it's just a fantastic drive. When we pulled up, I squealed, because Vianne's is just the cutest place you will ever want to see. Perfectly quaint and charming! We walked in, and were greeted by Keri. Before showing us to our own private tea room (we had the Oriental Tea Room during that particular visit, but I think I like the Russian Room the best!), she let us pick out "fancy lady hats" to wear during high tea. I picked the most off-the-wall hat I could find, and it looked adorable. We did the big package, and I honestly can't remember what exactly it entails, but we got several pots of tea, scones, savories, and deserts. The teas are enough to reduce this tea snob to tears of joy, and the scones are absolute scene stealers! Keri's husband mans the kitchen, and he makes the best scones I've ever had in my LIFE. And the clotted cream! And the lemon curd! Could you just die from the happy? The answer is yes. Yes, you could. My all-time favorite discovery at Vianne's combines my tea snobbery with my love of all things Austenian. "Mr. Darcy's Tea" is a rooibos (red tea) blend, with notes of chocolate, rose petals, and features little sugar hearts! (I'm missing some components, but you get the idea) It is DELICIOUS, and totally seduced me away from my old faithful Earl Grey. Now, since I live a good 45 minutes away from here, I am very lucky that Keri sells loose tea in the little shop attached to the tea salon! Reasonably priced, awesome selection, and all the accoutrement you could possibly desire. I don't know about you, but I completely dig an establishment where the owner is part of the package . . . part of this experience is definitely hanging out with Keri and shooting the breeze (when it isn't too busy in there!) . . . our group had a lot to talk about with her, because in addition to operating my favorite tea salon EVER, she also founded and runs the Jane Austen Festival in Old Mandeville every year (it's actually this weekend, but work is preventing me from going. Boo!). They serve regular old lunch here too. I've never been here wanting to do anything but high tea, but I imagine if I lived closer, I'd be trying out lunch pretty frequently. If the scones are any indicator, I'll bet it's delicious! In summation of this LONG ASS review: Best day trip EVER. Best tea EVER. Best hostess EVER. If I could hug a business, this would be the one.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,2/2/2012,173,142,7,10,9>Look at Metry stepping up its game!  Once again, I was lucky enough to be invited to Cafe b with a group from work.  I had heard a lot of raving about Cafe b and I was not at all disappointed.  The ambiance is bright, clean, and cheerful, and the decor simple. The staff is friendly and efficient. The lunch menu is not extensive, but I think that anymore than what they have would be overwhelming.  There is a very nice drink menu that is designed to accompany lunch, with choices between $4 and $5, including a "skinny" option that is perfect for the "ladies who lunch" clientele.  If you are not down with valet parking, then park up the road and walk.We ordered the Creole Crab Dip, the Cajun Pork Duo, and the Deviled Shrimp to start.  The boudin ball on the Cajun Pork Duo was the best I've ever had, and the house-cured pork belly was out of this world- not greasy like others I've had, with a sweet, almost Indian flavor. It was spectacular.  I would advise ordering one Duo for each diner and forgoing the others because it is THAT GOOD.  The deviled shrimp were pretty good, but nothing like the other two.  I had the Wedge Salad that was as good as any I've ever had with big chunks of bleu cheese, thick and lean bacon crumbles, and a subtle dressing that was just right.  For my main dish, I had the Seared Steak Salad that was phenomenal.  The rare and tender steak was topped with caramelized onions, jack cheese, and  the most perfect sauteed wild onions imaginable.  The bread held up very nicely and I was over the moon happy about the whole thing.A number of people in our party ordered the Shrimp & Lobster Ravioli, and they said it was good, but I wasn't particularly impressed with its anemic appearance.  One person got the Cafe b Burger that looked and which he said was) fantastic, with a killer presentation of fries served in a cup. The Chicken Pot Pie also looked amazing.Bottom line: go here and go here often.  Let's revel, fellow Metry-ites, in our own chic brand of culinary coolness! Go us!!!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,2/1/2012,151,90,4,16,7>I am now really happy to say that ToT's new location in River Ridge is now open! Of course, I went to the grand opening (which was today, 1/12/12). Upon entering, I was told that a table will be ready in about 30 minutes, but I was seated in 20 :) this location's size looks about the same as the original, only prettier. The bar area was nicely designed, but the dining area is a little tight. However, when sitting in a booth, I was a bit too far from the table, so I had to sit at the edge of the chair to eat :( Before getting started with anything, the server brought out clear soups for my table. What a great way to start dinner on a cold night! We got started with the edamame, which was covered in salt. I don't mind it though. I ordered the Birthday Cake and the Filet Mignon roll for my mother. I really enjoyed the Birthday Cake (4/5), but it contained just slightly too much snowcrab. It's a pretty big roll too so be prepared to eat like it's your birthday. Secondly, I don't think meat and sushi mix well together, but I gave the Filet Mignon roll (3/5) a try since we ordered it. The small piece of filet mignon melted with the rest of the sushi, and I almost changed my mind about meat and sushi. Almost. I didn't like that it was peppery or that it didn't have enough crunch to it. I think it could've used something crunchy to give it some texture, like cucumbers or asparagus. Besides those two items, I must say that everything I ordered from my first visit to ToT tasted exactly the same: fresh and delicious. That makes me happy because it means that the food will consistently taste awesome. The pepper tuna sashimi, upside down roll, and calamari crunchy are my favorites *insert heart here* To read my more complete review on their Destrehan location and other menu items, go here bit.ly/z01QWi
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,1/31/2012,66,78,3,3,4>This is a little treasure right next to Blue Frog chocolate on Magazine.  The owners are so friendly and helpful and their french bulldog also helps show you around.  They have adorable clothes at good prices, great prices on sales.  I can't wait to go back once the weather decides to stay warm and load up on spring attire.Just be sure to get your chocolate after you shop here, so you don't feel guilty if you go before :)
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,1/30/2012,30,33,8,9,9>Pho cures all ills. Seriously. When I feel icky, a bowl of pho is a sure pick-me-up. And Pho Orchid makes a darn good bowl.After increasingly disappointing experiences at Pho Nola, Dennis G. and I decided to try Pho Orchid. We made a wise decision. The pho is packed with meat, and their broth is delicious. Grilled pork spring rolls are huge, and I would drink the peanut sauce on its own. My personal favorite is the Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio (vermicelli with grilled pork and egg roll).They're also open later than most Vietnamese restaurants, which is nice when I have a late evening craving for some tasty noodles.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,1/29/2012,57,187,4,6,5>All my previous reviews for Mahony's were 4 stars.  So why 5 stars this time, especially when the prices went up (thanks BP)?  Well, after seeing all the whiners on here complaining about price, I think it's time I set a few things straight.  When you order a po-boy at most other po-boy shops, even Domilises (ew), they drop frozen shrimp in a frier, then put it on your sandwich.  Those shrimp are TINY, not from the Gulf, and not very tasty either.  At Domilises, which everyone seems to love (I have NO idea why), I've actually gotten pieces of just fry on my sandwich with no shrimp to be found.  Quite disgusting.  Ben Wicks gets his shrimp in daily, and they are local, Gulf shrimp, that are LARGE.  Yes, the prices are high, but prices for LOCAL seafood are WAY up post oil spill.  All ingredients used are local, and sauces, like remoulade, are made in house.  Most po-boy shops don't bother with the little details.  So, for those of you who don't want to pay what Mahony's charges, go somewhere else and enjoy a mediocre po-boy.  The lines will be shorter for me that way.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,1/28/2012,56,189,1,15,4>This morning I had the best bagel that I've had in New Orleans and I got it at Artz Bagelz. For starters, I kind of love the bright, modern feel of the place (see photos).  I instantly regretted taking my bagels to go and not having the boy along to dine there with me.I had a plain bagel with plain cream cheese and the boy had a jalapeno cheddar bagel with garlic herb cream cheese. The bagels are chewy, which for me equals perfection. The bagels were fresh and get extra credit for actually being made in the city of New Orleans. The boy said that the garlic herb cream cheese was some of the most flavorful cream cheese that he has ever had. Yeah, the bagels are kind of small, but the price is right (breakfast cost me $4.34).I'm going to keep this review short and sweet. Artz Bagelz has my new favorite bagels and I'll be back for sure next weekend. The prices are reasonable, the bagels are fresh and delicious, and the place is bright and welcoming.Helpful hints: -Enter on Ninth Street, which is also where you are likely to find parking.-Gluten-free bagels are available.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,1/27/2012,374,290,2,8,7>I came here last night with my boyf. and two other couples. I got here a little earlier than the meeting time. I put my namee down for a table of 6 and sat at the bar. It was packed. The only reason I got a seat at the bar was because a kind gentleman, who had finished his drink, gave up his seat for me. I ordered a Long Island iced T... delish! I was expecting a $10 drink but to my lovely surprise it was only $6.50. So, what the heck? I ordered another... then I added a shrimp cocktail to my mix. Mmmm... waiting is expensive. Finally, the rest of my party arrived and not too long after, we were called to be seated. What I loved about this place was the ambience. Everyone was having a great time and enjoying themselves. The appetizers were awesome. We had some hot boneless wings, some loaded fries and fried pickles/jalapeños. The only bad thing that I could nag about is the service, but even then I don't think it would be fair for me to talk about that. My server was really busy and I had to ask her for water about 4 or 5 times before she brought it over... at the end of my meal. Oh, and also, don't get the shrimp with bacon. Not good. The bacon was bad really fatty. I had to take the bacon off to eat it. Even still, the sauce that it came with wasn't settling well with my stomach. I had to wipe off the sauce and try dipping it in cocktail sauce. Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. Oh! and I almost forgot to mention, there is complimentary valet! How convenient! That was probably one of my favorite things about this place. Check it out!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,2/3/2014,98,1428,6,16,10>When I was on a quest for coffee last night around 4 a.m. I had no idea where to go. Suddenly it struck me. I remembered some yelp friends checking in here late one night, so I checked the listing to confirm they were open, and off I went.Imagine my surprise when I pulled up and saw there were at least four police cars out front. I took great comfort in knowing that New Orleans' finest would be inside and I could get that cup of coffee and feel safe. Since it was pretty late there were only two employees working. One to take orders, and one to point out the person who would take my order. Once he arrived I asked for an iced coffee and he disappeared into the back. After around five minutes he returned and handed me a great cup of iced cafe au lait. I handed him cash and was out the door. I will probably try and go back tonight if they are open. If you find yourself in need of coffee at an odd hour, check out Morning Call.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,2/2/2014,61,118,,6,5>I don't know why I've not Yelped this superb cafe sooner-they always satisfy and delight. This is a great combo of a Sucre'-like patisserie/choclatier along with a first rate donut shop plus killer sandwiches and top flight coffee drinks, all in a chic and cozy environment-not enough spots in N.O.La. have couches/comfy chairs nor big communal tables-Manhattanjack has all of the above.    They have deservedly gotten raves for their take on the cronut known as the dossant; if you have the chance, devour one (or ten) but this cornucopia of comestibles doesn't just present you with sweet treats (the chocolates are also killer though). Savory breakfast croissants (egg, cheese & bacon or egg,cheese & sausage) are flaky little butter-bombs of joy (so I've been told by my meat eating pals) and the local take on a lobster roll made with crawfish is an awesome lunch option any day.     The cappucinos I've enjoyed are textbook tasty and their iced tea is perfect.     Besides a cool environment, Manhattanjack is staffed by a gaggle of friendly and helpful folks who complete the scene of an ideal landing spot for a snack, lunch, coffee. or sugar orgy.     Full disclosure: I am acquainted with one of the owners but didn't realize he was involved until my fourth visit, when my affection had already been won.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,2/1/2014,201,188,,12,10>Exactly what the Mid-City area needed!  Even better that it's a few blocks from my work place!  Mid-City has been popping up with great new places within the last year, and I'm extremely excited to see we have a quality Vietnamese restaurant in the area!I've been anticipating the opening of Namese since I saw the sign up a few months ago, and I have to say that it definitely lives up to my expectations.  Of course there's still a few kinks to be worked out, but that's completely normal considering they've just opened about two weeks ago.  Namese's location has been completely revamped, and it looks incredible.  I especially love the contemporary decor and such a great ambiance.  The fact that they have a beautiful outdoor seating area is even better (I'm a sucker for eating outdoors when the weather is nice).And now to the food.  I tried the Banh Mi Pho per recommendation of a good friend of mine.  I loved it, because I have yet to go to a Vietnamese restaurant that has something similar to this.  It's basically a Vietnamese version of a French Dip, so my friend described it to me.  The Banh Mi is filled with brisket and add in's one would put into a bowl of pho, and you dip the Banh Mi into the pho broth.  Delicious!  My boyfriend had the Bo Kho, which is a beef stew and that too was tasty.  We also ordered the grilled pork buns to share.  Only complaint is that I wish the bun were a bit softer and warmer.  The pork did have great flavor though.  I also ordered a green tea boba tea to drink, which definitely sated my cravings.  I also tried the cream buns for dessert on another occasion.  They were good, but I definitely was not wowed.  I've also heard the calamari and Bo Luc Lac were fantastic.Namese offers a pretty extensive menu, with many items I look forward to trying.  They do a good job of incorporating modern flavors into authentic Vietnamese cuisine.  The service was quick, and we also had a great conversation with the manager.  They even moved the heater near our table without us having to ask!  Great service will always receive high marks in my book.Quality Vietnamese food at reasonable prices with a lovely ambiance, what more could you ask for?
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,1/31/2014,17,87,,7,7>For the first fifty-odd years of my life, the Civic Theatre languished either empty or as disco club in which I had no interest.  Then the floodwalls failed, and New Orleanians both native and new set out to "make it right", as one of the more famous new local denizens put it.Count the Civic Theatre in that number.  I watched the excellent James Booker documentary "Bayou Maharajah" in a full house, late-night New Orleans Film Festival screening.  For movie viewing, the theatre worked well. There appeared to be no bad seats (I was happy with my tippy-top seat in the first balcony).The screening was accompanied by a q & a with the film maker, with the stage revealed.  That stage hosted quite a few notable theatrical performances, including the original touring production of South Pacific.  (For the younger among you, imagine WIcked or Phantom as performed at the Saenger, only with better music and no last minute, budget-driven digital keyboard substitutions in place of live horn players.)  Just that alone is history enough for me.The Civic's gorgeous sign now marks the condominium conversion on the back side of the property.  The nondescript (or just less-descript) official entrance is now on O'Keefe.  At night, the original sign is worth walking around the block to see.  Five stars, because New Orleans has great theatre and film communities that deserve these kinds of historic and irreplaceable gems for their performances.  With this restoration, the owners definitely did their civic duty.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,1/30/2014,29,142,12,9,8>Yep, this place is exactly what the doctor ordered.  With a throbbing head, I wandered in and took a seat.  It was 10 am so the place was empty.  My previous night's exploits required the nutrition that only a breakfast burrito could provide.  I was promptly greeted with chips and spicy salsa.  Ahhhh, yes.  That combined with the gigantic water they provided me began knocking the cobwebs out of the corners of my brain instantly.  My breakfast burrito arrived before my first bowl of chips was depleted.  As the plate hit my table, I'm pretty sure I heard an angel's harp playing in the background.  It was big enough to fill the plate and tasted every bit as delicious as it should have.  The eggs, chorizo sausage, and potatoes went straight to work on my hangover curing that strange craving you have the morning after, but can never seem to satisfy.  As for the "authenticity" of this Mexican food, well, I don't care.  I didn't grow up in Mexico nor am I from Southern California where apparently Mexican food is better than in Mexico.  I walked out of Los Panchos a more whole person and that's good enough for me.  I will definitely be going back.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,1/29/2014,127,108,4,11,11>Wow is all I can say! I have been wanting to try this place out for awhile now and my man friend and I finally did! First of all, the place is really cool and cozy- nicely decorated and a very cool vibe!! But, let's get to the main thing.. The food!! We started with some pineapple mojitos- Yum!! For an app, we had the blue chips- kettle chips with this amazing blue cheese dressing/sauce! I will be dreaming of those chips tonight.. Yes, they are THAT good!Onto the entrees.. I ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp.. They had remoulade slaw and perfectly fried shoestring fries!!! My man had the Tuna Tango salad.. Sushi grade seared tuna with a perfect mix of greens.. I ate mine, some of his, and neither had a chance!!! There were so many things I wanted to try, but even a girl my size couldn't do it all in one visit, but like the terminator says.. "I'll be back!" Service was awesome... This place is a must visit.. We each had cocktails, app, and 2 awesome entrees and only spent 74 bucks!!!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,1/28/2014,78,192,4,7,5>I didn't feel like packing my lunch for work one day - and I've been on a smoothie/salad kick - so I turned to Yelp and found this d'Juice Bar. I couldn't locate prices on the website (or in the actual building) but winged it. My medium It's Not Easy Being Green smoothie cost right at $7.I don't know if this is a pro or a con but when I walked in the whole building smelled like cookies. Delicious, homemade cookies. Of course I'm trying to be good and I didn't ask if the cookies were ready or for sale, but now I wish I would have gotten a cookie.The smoothie is good - the company juices the veggies then uses frozen fruits to make it a thick smoothie. They use the Blendtec blender -- which is really good, but I still found chunks of frozen banana in the smoothie. I read in the other reviews that people scored a 5 smoothies for $15 groupon and I wouldn't mind scoring that groupon so I can try all the smothies!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/27/2014,40,90,1,7,4>Anyone who has read my previous reviews or knows me, can vouch for how much I love Tru burger and consider it the best burger in the city. But the burger at Baie Rouge has made me change my mine. With a fried egg and amazing arugula mix, the Baie Rouge burger is simply outstanding. Our waitress was super sweet and asked if we wanted brie on our fries which was equally outstanding. Apparently, they use the same brie they use in their omelettes during brunch, which and I hear is equally amazing.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,1/26/2014,229,100,8,11,6>First off, there's construction happening on this street so be careful and take an SUV or a raggedy car. You're welcome. I started writing a story but realized no one cares about that. So here:Teaser plate (free)! Omg, what a freaking tease! Two small two bite biscuits with the best melt it anywhere on me pecan maple butter and strawberry jelly. I would've eaten this if it fell on the floor and was stomped on. Seriously. Andouille and Chorizo Sausage Gravy over Biscuit.// I was very excited to try this dish because I love gravy and all I ate was the gravy. The dish comes with your choice of potatoes, grits, or fresh fruit (all brunch dishes come with this). I ordered potatoes. Reason why I only got to the gravy was because of everything else I ordered so continue reading..Potroast and Debris Gravy over Biscuit add fried egg.// Adding 2 eggs cost 3.50. Overall value was a steal. Enough meat to fill your pie! lol The meat was tender. I pour the chorizo gravy all over and it was perfect ! Definitely something you have to try!Blueberry and Brie Waffles add Chicken Tender// Just to add 1 chicken tender was 5$. That's a bit ridiculous. Well, at least it wasn't puny but still not worth 5$. Don't try to be all complicated like me and get the waffles as it comes. I ordered mines with grits (grits were creamy! Need to add your own butter and salt). Back to the waffles, amaze balls! Brie brought the perfect amount of creaminess. Blueberries fresh and tasty especially when it was all mushed up against the Brie and waffles! But what really made the waffles was the syrup!I made a mess, got it in my hair and everything! Final words are.. Run and have a taste for yourself ! It's gonna get jammed pack because of what it's offering!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,1/25/2014,91,251,,6,4>The quintessential NOLA breakfast eatery. Perfect in nearly every way! Fresh squeezed juices, of course. Great coffee. Friendly service. Inspiring, creative & delicious breakfast offerings, including the often mentioned banana fosters french toast and banana pecan pancake, but where Surrey's really shines is in their daily specials, like the one-of-a-kind Shrimp Vera Cruz omelet, served with fresh corn tortillas. It's just so freakin' good!Don't let the crowd on the sidewalk scare you away. They will be happy they waited, and so will you!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2013,4/1/2013,397,256,3,6,1>The restaurant is within walking distance of my house, and offers everything that you would expect from a Chinese restaurant.  I tend to order takeout here, but I've noticed that the folks that do always seem to have issues with the wait, the service, and the pickup.  I have no problem with the food.Walking in, you're immediately greeted and asked if you want to dine in.  Or, at least, I was.  Apparently there had been a woman standing there before I came in, and she had been completely ignored.  The hostess proceeded to take my order, but I pointed out the lady and said she was first.  If I hadn't, I think the hostess would have continued to ignore the woman -- I don't know what that was all about, but it bothered me.Anyway, the food takes 15-20 minutes, and then they pack everything up for you.  I had to remind the hostess to charge me for my food.  The restaurant was busy, but not so busy where you forget to have folks pay for their meals.To the food itself:The won ton soup is flavorful.  I enjoyed it - plenty of veggies, shrimp, and dumplings.  Comforting on a cold night.The broccoli beef is pretty standard.  Meat's tender, and the broccoli isn't overcooked.Pork fried rice, once aided by some soy sauce, was pretty tasty.  Not greasy, and you receive a large portion.The moo shu was tasty -- hard to go wrong there.  The meat and veggie mixture was uber savory, the crepes were nice and thin, and the plum sauce just made everything work together.  Yum.I'll go back and try again.  I'm sure the service that night could have been a fluke, and the food is worth another visit.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/31/2013,115,336,3,5,2>Best breakfast I've had in NOLA in 8 months. If you are going to pig this is the kind of place where it's worth doing.I had Eggs Cochon with potatoes on the side and mom had special lemon curd pancakes. I'm fat and in need of pepto now but getting myself into this situation was truly fantastico. Even the potatoes were great and such a side at many restaurants are sort of an afterthought. We also had the Ruby Slipper Mimosa which didn't seem that different from every other mimosa I've had.The restaurant itself is pleasantly noisy and wakes you up with its energy. I love the high ceilings and arched windows of this very spacious restaurant!In spite of the crowd waiting outside we had a table in 5 minutes.I can't wait to go back!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,3/30/2013,166,165,3,5,2>What a lovely alternative to Cochon! I got to eat awesome pork at half the price. Bueno! Call me crazy but I was expecting the pork belly to be fattier. In Vietnamese cuisine, pork belly is SUPER fatty - like heart attack fatty, like 70% fat chunk with some meat interspersed and I looovveee it.  I only work out so I can eat terribly delicious things. That being said, I didn't think this pork belly sandwich was fatty at all, which is probably best for the average American but I found the meat to be a little dry. I was underwhelmed, but I fault myself for having out-of-the-box expectations. I did LOVE the mac n cheese! Would definitely eat another vat of that.I liked the whole casual and comfortable feel of the diner - order at the counter, seat yourself, semi-open kitchen. Would definitely come again!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/29/2013,100,133,3,4,3>"Lawd." was the only drunken tip I could muster when I checked in to this bar one drunken night a few weeks ago. The bartenders were nice from what I could remember and I ended up slow dancing with a stranger who kept petting my hair. I have a friend who spent Thanksgiving night here and insists it is the best hidden gem in the city. I've also heard that it is an unofficial gay bar although the jury is still out on that. They *do* host Deep Lez here which I've yet to check out but am very excited about. Drinks are much cheaper here than Mimi's across the street and the crowd is way less pretentious, too. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/28/2013,51,44,2,7,3>Favorite Vietnamese place on the East Bank- my only complaint? They're not open on Sundays! Great atmosphere and it's always busy, but worth the wait. BYOA last time I checked. But if you're not drinking, get some lemonade- its delish!They've really got the pho down here, you can't go wrong with rare steak and I even like the ox tail! I also love the steamed pork bun- that sweet green dough with just the right pork fillings and hard boiled egg. I can't decide if they make them on site or if they are from Duong Phong in New Orleans East- either way they are delicious. I also like most of the bun dishes here, but I find it too hard to skip out on the pho. In the rare case that i do, I usually go for the fresh shrimp spring rolls and any of the delicious (and cheap!) bahn mi.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,3/27/2013,180,463,3,8,3>Their produce selection of vegetables and fruits are a little sparse, but I like that they have the Asian vegetables such as bok choy and gai lan that isn't available anywhere else. They have a great seafood selection. My favorite part about coming here? The snack aisles. Yes, that's right, aisles, as in plural. This is why I come here. and for the fresh young coconuts. I also love that they have a whole aisle dedicated to ramen and other noodles. Be careful if you get something from the bakery section. I bought a jelly roll cake, and left it on my counter over night (its the winter, so its cold) and it was moldy the the next day. Otherwise a great selection of all things asian food related.You can also get a freshly made banh mi here. at $2.50-$3, its a good deal for lunch. Protip: If you check in, they won't honor the $5 off $50 purchase. But if you go onto their website to print out the $5 off $50 purchase, they will accept that.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,3/26/2013,154,280,3,10,5>Best hot dog in town, and I mean it! Sagging and draggy after some red dress run festivities, we were practically scooped off the curb, by a break dancing hot dog with yellow contacts in his eyes no less, and deposited inside this cheery little eat place. As we shuffled inside, the owner (manager?) was excitedly filling someone else in on the goodness of their fresh baked buns. I was practically drooling at this point. The ac was blasting, the place was bright and clean, and my heart was set on some waffle fries!My husband & I ordered the classic beef hot dog meal. We topped it with only ketchup and mustard so as to really get the full effect of flavor. But the toppings they had to offer were outrageous! Next time I will be a bit more daring. The food came out fast and as my face was buried in crispy, golden waffle fries, my husband exclaimed that the hot dog was perfect. I took a few bites and was surprised to find that the dog itself was much larger than the normal size you get elsewhere. It wasn't lost in the bun AND it had that delightful snap that is both rare & sought after in a genuinely GOOD dog. The bun was fluffy & fresh, not overly toasted or bready. I could go on and on about the deliciousness of this simple hot dog meal but you will just need to see for yourself. Granted, parking around here is kind of hell but it really is worth it. Look for the ingenious break dancing hot dog and get in there to build the hot dog of your dreams. For real.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,3/25/2013,71,130,3,11,5>New bar in the Warehouse District, I'm there.... two nights in a row.... I reallly like the concept of Barcadia. They have a respectable selection of draft beers and bottled beers, as well as games! They also have my favorite video game of all Big Buck Hunter, which I don't believe I've ever played pre 4 AM before this weekend. In terms of layout they have a big front bar with the larger selection of draft beers, as well as a back bar with a more modest offereing. There are three large rooms as well as two patios for smoking and lounging. Otherwise the place is delightfully smoke free. Also, it appears they will soon be offering food, which I will definetly be trying!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,3/24/2013,23,436,5,10,9>The food at Galatoire's is pretty good but it's not intended to be cutting edge and you come here for the experience - particularly at lunch, on Fridays if possible.  If you make a reservation online you'll be upstairs which has a much different ambience - to get a table downstairs you either have to know somebody or wait in line.  That's just how it is.I was fortunate to visit Galatoire's for Friday lunch and sit downstairs courtesy of a friend in the wine industry.  You need to be there at 11:00 but then after your name is on the list (or you can confirm it's on the list from your connection) everybody gets moved next door to the bar in what will be the new Galatoire's Steakhouse.  Must start your lunch with a cocktail at 11:15 AM of course.  At some point between 11:30 and 1:00 you meander over to the restaurant and they'll seat you where they wish - of course there are regulars who have their standard table but unless that's you it's necessary to just sit wherever you're told.  Tables are a bit tight but it's a much more social environment than I would have thought, especially by 2:00 or 3:00 after many bottles of wine are consumed.  Lunch at Galatoire's is an all day affair, the last tables are there past 4:00 while the first tables to leave appear to be around 2:30 or 3:00.  I honestly only saw one table that even had menus (they sat down in the "second shift" around 3:30) - first you need to order some Champagne and get to know your server and then by the time you're ready for food they will suggest options and you just let them start bringing out food.  But first another bottle of wine.  Then some food.  Then order more wine.  Then more food.  And more wine.  Repeat as long as you wish.  And check out the scene and the fashion.Honestly, the food is pretty good - of course in an old school way.  If you just want the food I would suggest Hermes Bar at Antoine's where you can get a great cocktail as well as virtually the same food such as traditional gumbo, souffle' potatoes, shrimp remoulade, fried oysters, trout almondine, etc.  If you want to spend some money though and watch a combination of New Orleans Society and high-fashion individuals ejoy themselves (and get louder and occasionally more wild as the lunch goes on) then Galatoire's is your place.  It's about the people watching (or hob-nobbing if you're one of the afforementioned locals with connections) and there truly aren't too many places in the world as unique as this.  Just don't go on a budget, they've got a truly amazing wine list and you just have to go with the flow - our bill was over $1,000 for 4 people (including 3 in the wine industry so we had a lot of very good wine) and if you choose to have a Friday lunch at Galatoire's that's how you should expect to roll.  I'm a fan, for a splurge every once in a long while.  Or especially if someone else is paying.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/22/2013,272,184,5,11,9>I have a hoi cho problem, you guys.Every year, I tell myself I'm going to save some money, not eat so much, not drink so much. And every year, I end up going to two or three of these things, spending hundreds of dollars over 48 hours, filling myself to the brim, and bringing home eggrolls and porridge to  freeze for next week when THERE WON'T BE ANYMORE FAIR AND WHAT AM I GOING TO EAT NOW. What's up with that?! Vocabulary lesson, for those of you not in the know (don't worry, I'm not Vietnamese either): Tet = Vietnamese New Year/Lunar New YearHoi Cho = New Years Festival Marrero Hoi Cho = Occurs across the river, usually the weekend before Versaille's fair. Woodlawn Hoi Cho = Also across the river, in the Woodlawn neighborhood of Algiers Versailles Hoi Cho = The biggest of the three and the best of the best.Picture 3 full days of celebrating, eating, drinking (Heineken or Budweiser being your only two choices... and I guess soda), gambling, entertainment, AND a car raffle? Crowds of Vietnamese aunties and uncles gossiping, their kids running and weaving in and out, shooting silly string and firecracker-poppers at your feet and (literally) on each other's bodies? Booths upon booths, some with cheese fries, some with ticketed games, many with beer or pho or card games. That's just a snapshot.Versaille's fair is held at Mary Queen of Viet Nam Catholic Church, in the New Orleans East Vietnamese neighborhood. The entire festival is both a cultural celebration, replete with lion dances all weekend and community performances (local Latino and Taiwanese dance troupes perform every year, in addition to traditional Vietnamese fan dances and hip-hop routines from the Viet-Am youth), an eating destination, and a fundraiser for the church, which acts as a local community center, hosting cultural classes in addition to Catholic catechism. Don't forget the Vietnamese pop stars, flown in from Viet Nam or, more sensibly, Southern California's Little Saigon. You might not understand it, but you WILL dance. Food you can't get any other time of year at any restaurants are readily available, from tiet canh (gelatinous raw goat's or duck blood with liver), goi with goat tendons (essentially, goat and herb salad), to hoi vit lon (fetal duck eggs) and chao long (my FAVORITE- rice porridge with all kinds of pork offal--liver, heart, gizzard, intestines). Be prepared to pay, however, as these items are priced at that specialty rate. Also, the cheese fries are weirdly one of the best part. Nacho cheese from a dispenser is greater than melted cheddar or whatever. It has been written. There are booths and prizes for the kids, and even a little gardening/nursery section where you  can buy flowers and miniature orange trees (are these called kumquats or something? I choose to believe in their bonsai-orange nature) and concrete vases. The location stays the same every year while the date varies according the actual date of Lunar New Year; the 2013 fair begins tonight, February 15, and lasts until Sunday, the 17 .
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,10/25/2013,48,158,3,8,6>This is by far one of the best meals my husband and I have had in New Orleans In a while and we just went to August two weeks ago. We tried:Burrata- one hundred percent recommend. Cheese was so soft and just amount of salty served w fresh tomatoShort rib rigatoni- delicious , would order a large next time. Wish we had more bread to sop up the sauce. Was like a stew but with really good pastaDuck pappardelle - good but preferred the short ribWhole fish- snapper was fish of the day. AWESOME. Recommend. Delicious. And such a great price. Would be $35 in the quarter Duck confit- comes w one leg but a good size after all the other dishes. Perfectly done and paired with a very savory and sweet salad w a light vinegar être dressing. Loved itWatermelon sorbet- tasted like frozen slushy watermelon. So good. A big serving and only $5Chocolate terrine- basically chocolate soft fudge topped with sea salt. Recommend getting both desserts and mixingAll this plus a glass of wine and top shelf Martini was $103 with tax. Pretty amazing. And VERY GOOD. A lot of newer restaurants we try once an maybe don't go back. We will be back.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,10/24/2013,224,517,1,6,4>Stopped here to get some gumbo and a half poboy with a friend from California and I order the usual awesome gumbo with that for the first time I got the BBQ shrimp poboy and wow was that good. Though a Liuzza's staple, I had never ordered it before since there was no way I could eat the whole thing. Wow was it good and highly recommend it if your real hungry or has someone you would like to share it with.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/23/2013,72,112,4,7,6>What a great gallery this is! The place is so bright and the art is amazing. The guy  who talked to us in there was super friendly, not pretentious at all, like I've experienced in other galleries and he knew his sh**. The art in there today was incredible, I loved the variety of styles and the work is just out of this world on some of the pieces!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,10/22/2013,107,129,4,7,5>Beignets so hot and fresh i burned my lip.I've been here a few times to meet a friend out. Not too well traveled, clean tables, and the tables get bused pretty regularly. So it's a nice place somewhat close to my place to meet for a nice café au lait and some fresh (and very hot) beignets.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,10/21/2013,54,438,4,8,5>It's a rare thing to see a retro styled soda shop. Old Town Slidell Soda Shop is one of those rare places. Adorned in dozens and dozens of ice cream scoops on the walls, here you can get some old school dessert. Ice cream? Check. Toppings? Check. Floats? Check. Sundaes? Banana Splits? Double check. House made sodas? Check.I'm sorry, are you diabetic? They even have no sugar added ice creams and sundaes. I'm really digging this place and wish I was in Slidell more just to visit the Soda Shop. I only tried the ice cream sundae and not the typical cafe style food. For me this is the kind of place to finish off the night, especially after having dinner across the street at Tacos and Beer.Next time I'm in Slidell I'll make a special stop just to visit the Soda Shop.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,10/20/2013,36,180,3,9,7>Rarely do I venture out of Orleans Parish for food, but when I want Indian this is definitely the place to go!  I've eaten Indian food all over the world and theirs is pretty close to some of the best I've had.  Lamb Pasanda is my fave Indian dish.  Giant lamb chunks swimming in a spicy yogurt sauce served over fluffy Jasmine rice  *drool*  This isn't a place to go for atmosphere or ambiance, but the service is outstanding!  These guys do not know the word "no."  Their menu has new items.  I asked about one and I was told not to try it because he wasn't getting good feedback!!  You don't find that kind of honesty everywhere.  Best Indian food in the Metro area.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,10/19/2013,43,77,7,6,6>This place is a bright and colorful spot in the Bywater. I never really think to bring friends or family to a BBQ joint in NOLA... to me BBQ is something to do road-tripping through the Carolinas or Tennessee. But, I ate my words last night. Also, I ate a bunch of Mac and Cheese. I didn't have the ribs but consensus was they were nothing compared to the brisket and pulled pork. I also just loved the atmosphere in here... it is new orleans all the way down to the rusty porch chairs lined up outside. There was a house cat who seems to live on pieces of dropped brisket which might make him the luckiest restaurant cat I've ever had the pleasure of meeting.I had no idea it was so cheap either... we will be back more often :-)
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/18/2013,78,192,6,7,6>Holy Moly! I wish I had enough room in my stomach for a Milkshake but I could barely finish my lunch!I was thinking about getting a salad then saw someones sandwich and HAD TO HAVE one. I decided on the Occidental Oriental - Marinated chicken, fresh red pepper, cucumber, carrot, beat sprouts, mozzarella and peanut satay sauce - $8.50. First, when I got the sandwich I thought that it was adorable that the waitress drew faces on the two O's singling that my sandwich was the Occidental Oriental. Second the sandwich was so big that I knew I wasn't going to be able to finish it, the left overs were just as good out the fridge as they were right out of the oven! In fact, I was trying to convince my family to go there for dinner that night so I could snag a milkshake!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,10/17/2013,159,87,2,6,3>Six Fortune is now under new ownership. I had eaten here a few times during it's previous ownership and it wasn't so great. Things are different now though. The new owners are super friendly and the food is really good and more fresh tasting then before. They have a big buffet with a pretty large selection including a couple of things I haven't seen before like a meatball shish kabob which is pretty tasty.What hurts this place is they're in a not so great location. The restaurant is in the corner of a small shopping center and I don't think most people even know it's there.Give it a try. The prices are right and you won't leave hungry for sure.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,10/16/2013,46,106,3,12,7>i honestly don't do 5 star reviews.  If it happens, it means the place really knocked a homerun on various fronts for customer service, experience, and quality.  Killer's is a small place that does food extremely well and they feature a bar WITHIN A BAR!This would be difficult to pull off let alone do head and shoulders above competitors in the industry.  Erin Rose is a wonderful welcoming bar tucked away just off of Bourbon Street.  This is the backdrop to Killer Poboys facade. In the back of the bar, you'll find the entrance to Killer Poboys. A single service window that serves as a portal to high quality interpretations of the New Orleans standard sandwich.  These really aren't poboys, per se.  They are unique omnivore takes using the poboy formula as a template.  We tried the "Dark & Stormy" (pork) and the "Guinness & Garlic (Beef)" Poboys.I really hasten to classify these as poboys, because there really isn't an equal to the type of sandwich you're going to find here. The Dark & Stormy was extremely sweet which accented the tanginess of the smoked pork impeccably.  This is Carolina type barbeque pork on the borderline of 'sweet and sour' Asian pork.  The flavor is balanced with an even sweeter slaw to pull the fatty pork flavor together. Very interesting and they really pull this off wonderfully.The Guinness & Garlic stuffed beef sandwich is PACKED with meat.  Be warned.I am not sure what the aoli base is used for or if I even tasted it, but the horseradish dressing on this sandwich is potent.  Which is sorely needed in a steamed beef flavor.  Many places are aiming for the horseradish and beef pairing, but most fall short of the needed kick/punch. the sandwiches are relatively small in size (around 6") but immense in flavor.  Completely worth it!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,8/11/2011,61,96,4,4,3>Ok, I'm just going to say it...this place is sexy. The kind of 50 year old man (in the Dos Equis commercial but instead of beer he's drinking Absinthe) who knows what he wants and knows who he is-sexy. With over 30 different Absinthe and a bartender who takes the time to describe and price each one, the service is excellent. The ambiance and decor here is stellar, you could come here all by your lonesome and just stare at the walls for entertainment. I remember them also having books if I'm not mistaken, but that could have been the Absinthe talking.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,8/10/2011,157,66,5,11,2>I don't know about the name. With only about 7 tables and a small sushi bar, I don't think this place is happening enough to warrant a "good time", but the food is definitely good.Can't beat the location... well for me anyways. There are few restaurants in my neighborhood and I am definitely glad to have this one nearby. It is frequented by many a UNO student as well.In addition to the sushi, they also serve a variety of hibachi menus. But don't think you're getting dinner and a show. No shrimp-tossing, onion volcano-making chefs will be found here. What will you find? Quality sushi. Delicious hibachi. Exceptional service. and all in the Gentilly area.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2011,8/9/2011,107,129,7,8,7>First of all I have a confession. I think I'm cursed. I don't remember going to a Z's game where they've won... I know. Me and sports teams, I dunno. I didn't go to any Saints games the year they went to the Super bowl. You're welcome for that New Orleans...Parking is $5 and the lot is vast. So much so that the JPSO has a new building in the stadium lot near Lasalle Park and it does not seem to put a dent in the number of spaces. Tickets are cheap, and once you make it in, the games are usually not packed so there's some freedom of movement. Concessions are all over and are your standard ballpark fare. Draft beer flows freely at $4 for a large. Just keep in mind, the concession staff cannot serve more than 2 beers per person, so if you are buying a third, bring a friend. There are a couple suites along with other amenities, including along the outfield: a levee, pool, and hot tubs.Fireworks on Friday which after living in the area since the stadium was built, they are pretty and loud, they're pretty loud, but pretty...Go to a game and do it before the days start getting too hot as summer approaches.P.S. Kudos to Canadian Jen for hooking up tickets this past Thursday they were greatly appreciated.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,8/8/2011,42,78,13,12,8>For all those Yelpers who were debating going to Cafe Du Monde thinking-mmmmm, I dunno, they only have 1527 good reviews...can we really trust that...maybe we need to research more before we toss down our 5 clams- worry no longer. Here is the 1528 review. The last apple, the one  that flipped the cart over and into sugar and hot chocolate hevan.Actually I am only reviewing Cafe Du Monde, the 3 AM Version, because thats all I know. Just saying that if it the sun is out and you are waiting on a long line and the people next to you are wearing fanny packs, you are doing it wrong. Now it happens sometimes to everyone, that you are there amidst the crowds, I know  that is how I  have to roll when mommy comes back to visit, but the daylight Cafe Du Monde gets 3.14 stars. 3 AM CDM is where its at.Sat by the river taking pictures and saying -Damn, the river is high- until the rent-a-cops rolled up in their golf cart, we played innocent (What, its not legal to have a few bottles of wine in my hands here at 2 AM? Why if anyone had told me that sir....) and since we were within 25 feet of CDM, of course we went for it. Wearing a camera around my neck, I got a tourist eyed view, and I loved it.Other tables were having sugar fights, people were passing out in their beignet plates, waitresses were in a great mood, it was 85% empty, no wait, some other locals were flailing about...I always go for the hot chocolate beignet combo, like Hall and Oates, their individual powers multiply when they work together. I sneezed and sugar blew everywhere, I got to read -boooooobs- in the ladies room. Really a perfect cap offOnly the weak drink red bull for that 2 AM refresh. Fried Dough, sugar and hot chocolate. Decatur Street speedball.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,8/7/2011,120,120,4,22,12>Ladies, this one is for you. Have you ever been professionally bra fitted? Have you recently gained or lost weight? If you answered no to the first question or yes to the second, you need to get to Basics Underneath. I've been a Basics Underneath customer for several years. I was professionally fitted years ago (I was already wearing the right size, less common than you think). However, I recently lost weight. I thought I just needed new lingerie, but NO, my size had changed (went down a band size, up a cup size). I was shocked.The ladies at Basics Underneath worked with me to find a "bra wardrobe," new bras for a variety of purposes & in several colors, all in my correct size. They will not let you leave with an improperly fitting bra. Also, not every style within your size will work for you; they will work to find the ones that fit and look best. The level of customer service at this store is outstanding.Basics Underneath also carries a variety of Spanx items, including swimwear (who knew?).Gentlemen, you can pay attention now. Basics Underneath carries some beautiful lingerie, not all of it is basic. There are many items that would make great gifts, not only lingerie but also loungewear.Ladies, do yourself a favor. Stop buying bras out of catalogues and get professionally fitted. Do not wear ill-fitting bras. Dress yourself for the body you have today, including your undergarments. Go see the ladies at Basics Underneath. It will change your life.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,8/5/2011,129,52,4,8,7>In many ways, I'm a creature of habit, and when it comes to dining in Mid City, my "habits" are Mandina's and Liuzza's.  I'd been saying for ages that I'd go to @katiesmidcity, and never got past Bienville Street.  I finally did, and I'm a changed person.Katie's is a classic NOLA neighborhood place; the decor and menu reflect this, right down to the "Bring the Wood!" bat (from the Saints' Super Bowl season) hanging up behind the bar.  They've got Abita Amber on tap, cementing my relationship with the place solidly.My first trip to Katie's was lunch with a friend.  She grazed on the Grilled Chicken Salad while I had the "Terranova" pizza.  More on the pizza later.  It was good, friend was very happy with the salad, and the first visit was a win!  A week or two later, I decided to come back for lunch, and sat at the bar.  I ordered the mushroom-swiss burger with grilled onions.  As you can see, it was a winner, a solid half-pound patty, a good bun, and fresh toppings.  Gotta love the Saints paper lining the basket!  Even though Katie's does a most-excellent burger, that may be the last one I get.  The reason is simple: there are other places that do a good burger and Katie's does so many other things so well.  Third trip to Katie's was with family for dinner.  They were skeptical-you think I'm bad about Liuzza's?  You should hear my boys.  We started with basic cheese fries (no debris gravy).  The boys both had the hickory burger (hickory sauce, swiss cheese, bacon).  Wife had a shrimp po-boy and I got the fried green tomato and shrimp sandwich.  The boys killed the burgers and wife's sandwich disappeared almost as fast.  I found my sandwich a bit dry, not enough remoulade sauce.  I tweeted as much, and not five minutes later, Chef Scott came by the table to see what was wrong.  I've never seen such a fast reaction in my life!  I was extremely flattered when he offered to bring me some more remoulade sauce (which is one of the best in town, to be sure).  Alas, I had eaten all of the po-boy already.  It wasn't bad, mind you, I just thought it could use more sauce to balance the french bread.  As an appetizer (sans bread), it would've been just right.  The combination of the flavors is fantastic.  If you get this sandwich, though, be sure to ask them for extra remoulade sauce.My most recent visit to Katie's was last week, another business lunch.  My colleague had the chicken quesadilla, and I got another Terranova pizza, since the photo of the first one didn't come out well at all.  I'm glad this one did, so not only can I include it in this post, but because I'll be writing a second one where I proclaim this pizza the Best in New Orleans.  Just look at it-wonderful!  Chef Scott did point out that, to make this one hit home with me (I'd been spotted coming in), he brushed the crust with his olive-oil/garlic sauce before putting the marinara on.  (He said anybody can ask for that, btw.)  Even without that extra touch, however, this is a wonderful pizza.  Others I know swear by the Yardbird (chicken, onions, tomato, feta, with the olive oil/garlic sauce), but I refer sausage pizzas when I know it's good sausage.  The Terranova gets its name from Terranova's Supermarket over in Faubourg St. John, and their most wonderful Italian sausage.  Chef Scott also treated us to a wonderful cheesecake for dessert, but alas, my batteries died before I could get a picture.  We'll give dessert a better treatment on the next trip.Katie's is more than just a solid neighborhood place.  There's some tasty and creative food here.  We go to a neighborhood restaurant for comfort food, or to have a beer with friends.  Katie's is a destination for more than just those things--it's a place for a truly enjoyable dining experience.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2011,8/4/2011,70,8,8,4,5>I visted R Bar last night during the Krewe Du Vieux parade. As a humble northshore-er I had no idea what I was getting in to. A group of Yelpers were apparently meeting here so my search for the elucid Yelpers began downstairs (which was packed as hell.) Apparently swinging around the side of the bar here works better than trying to shove your way through the crowd. While the place had plenty of bartenders, it was still pretty difficult to get someone's attention. For my first move of the night I overheard one of the bartenders name when they were speaking to each other. Steve, you are my best friend now. I called out 'Steve!' to this stranger bartender and asked him how he had been since we last spoke. He did not know what I was talking about, probably because we've never met; Then I proceeded to place my order, six Miller Lites for the crew I was with.As I meandered about trying to find the Yelp group I decided they may be on the balcony above the bar, so I asked around until I found the *hidden* entrance was strategically placed outside behind the bar. The gatekeeper for the balcony was rather friendly, but maybe a bit naive. I tried the same trick I used earlier and told her "I'm with Steve." She didn't know who Steve was so I made up some other names. Jeremy, Alex.. you know who you are. After some discussion the girl was confused and afraid she was barring me from entry when I was supposed to be allowed upstairs, so she let me in and I continued my quest for balcony goodness and walked up the stairs.Apparently this is kind of a private party, because I had to walk through someones bedroom in order to reach the balcony. Thankfully no one was sleeping there at the time but I felt somewhat awkward walking through a stranger's bedroom. Also, whoever lives here... way to go!As I made my way up to the balcony I discovered a few friends (non-Yelpers, to my disappointment) and I watched the extremely perverted, extremely entertaining, Krewe De Vieux parade. Impressed with my feat of making my way up the balcony I decided to tempt fate by heading downstairs to bring the rest of my crew up to the balcony. Unfortunately they decided a group of six might not blend in with the ten or so people on the balcony and wanted to move on.R Bar, your balcony is in an amazing location, regardless of the bedroom situation. Your staff is attentive and considerate, but tricky. Thank you Steve, for the drinks. Your services were greatly required, and I apologize for my manipulative tactics (was that really neccessary?) in order to get drinks.I give R Bar 3 stars, mainly for their balcony; but you must be cunning to enter; or at least say some random names to get in. Try Steve, I think that seems to work.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,8/3/2011,70,96,3,8,2>I have been to this cafe more times than I can count.The first year that I lived here I was frequenting this place on the way to school nearly every day.  My trips were for one reason, the AWESOME iced coffee.  Obviously it's a cold drip coffee, it's so delicious I loved it.Another thing that's awesome here.  The waffles.  They will basically do whatever you want and one of the best things is apples, walnuts, and peanut butter.  SO GOOD! yummy!It kinda sucks that they close by 2 or 3, but if you like early breakfast than go go, but if you like brunch time they will be super busy and you will have to wait.  Later in the day they tend to start running out of things so make sure and get there early!They do take credit.  :)
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,8/2/2011,162,269,4,8,6>Some people have to be up at 8a on a Tuesday for work. Some people have to be up at 8a on a Tuesday for class. Some people have to be up at 8a on a Tuesday for appointments. Me? I have to be at 8a on a Tuesday for the Zulu parade!When it comes down to reasons to leave your warm, cozy bed and face the hangover from Lundi Gras, Zulu is one of the best. A lively parade with unique throws? Yes! Years of history and tradition? Of course! As a krewe, Zulu is active year-round as a social group so Mardi Gras isn't the only time the name Zulu crops up in New Orleans. Because Zulu runs right before Rex (and the truck krewes of Elks-Orleans and Crescent City), it tends to attract a good crowd of families and young people who aren't fighting the alcohol-related maladies that tend to crop up around Le Mardi.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,8/1/2011,152,91,3,6,6>Amazing little joint. If you go anytime after 7 expect a hefty wait but don't fret, buy a bottle of Sangria and enjoy yourself on the patio outside. The hostess even offered us bug spray! Once inside you'll appreciate a quaint little restaurant with EXCELLENT food. We got and amazing crabmeat app, a caprese salad, and of course enjoyed their bread and garlic Aioli that is to die for. By the time we got our vegetarian paella we were already stuffed but it was so incredibly flavorful we couldn't stop eating it anyways! Service was excellent as was their homemade sangria. It's been a long time since I've been to a restaurant where I loved EVERYTHING about it.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/16/2012,33,13,20,10,12>I honestly don't even know where to begin. I cannot even breathe because my dinner at La Boca tonight was straight up, hands down the best meal of my friggin' life. Ron, our waiter, is a steak angel sent from heaven. Heaven is missing an angel, because Ron is literally perfect. We all told him what we were looking for in our perfect steak and using words like "intramuscular marbling" and "fatty" he made suggestions for each of us. And each steak was literally the greatest steak I've ever had. My heart hurts knowing its over...But before we even delve into the steaks can we just talk about melty provolone cheese appetizer?! WHAT WAS HAPPENING IN MY MOUTH!? It felt like I was eating some sort of ambrosia that steak angel Ron had brought down from a cloud made from unicorn milk and virgin tears. And then I got my steak. 20 ounces. Rib eye. Boneless. Medium Rare. I can't even talk about it without crying a little bit. I ate every bite and I ate it in a maxi dress. It was all class, guys. All class. For sides we got asparagus (big, fat, grilled, buttery), fries (they have to sprinkled with cocaine its the only way they can be that delicious), and FRIED brussels sprouts. Remember the time you realized you actually kind of like brussels sprouts when they're cooked right? yeah me too. AND THEN I ATE THEM FRIED. you don't even know yet. you can't even understand it. but you will. And there are three sauces- a chimmichurri, which I put on literally everything and rubbed behind my neck as a spicy perfume (just kidding but I should have in retrospect), a creole mustard based sauce that I doused my sprouts in, and a roasted red pepper (again most likely made with trace amounts of cocaine...it's just the only explanation). The bottle of wine we chose- a merlot, malbec, petite verdot, and cab blend was SO on point  that wine list is impeccable and then we got dessert and I literally almost passed out from sheer joy. Get the sampler. Just do it. Don't ask questions. Ron even brought us strawberrycello (YOLO, amirite?!) and ice wine because he is a beautiful beacon of light in this dark,dark world. If you do not eat at La Boca, your life will start spiraling out of control and you will not know why. The reason is because you haven't visited steak angel Ron for some fried brussels sprouts and the most perfect piece of meat to ever take the express train from delicious town. And last but most certainly not least is Ricky Lane Banks. If Ron is a steak angel Ricky Lane is steak Jesus. Praise him, y'all. He is glorious. He was knowledgeable, funny, hospitable, and best of all I get to see him again next time I go to La Boca. Which will most likely be tomorrow. La Boca is perfect. Thank you to the steak holy spirit who cooked my steak and who I did not see, but whose presence I felt with each bite. Te amo...
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,8/15/2012,216,410,2,9,5>Let me start with the fact they have happy hour 7 days a week from 3-6pm ! $2.50 abita drafts(including andygator,my fav) and .75 sliders and meat pies!  The restaurant is a contemporary take on the WWII era. Lots of comfort food options but with a modern /John Besh twist. Kids menu is avail at $7 and cute ice cream soda options.  Atmosphere was airy and unpretentious. The decor is modern but the hostesses are wearing polka dot dresses from the 40's. A huge chrome  bar takes center stage and tables are half booths along the outer walls. Service was personable. This just may be my new favorite place.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,8/14/2012,19,127,2,6,4>Found this cool little shop by accident. What a neat place! It's not easy to find quality wooden toys, boxes, and other items anymore. A couple of things looked like they might have been mass-produced, but many seemed to be handmade. I picked up a beautiful wooden box for my dresser, and I love it.My only complaint was the guy at the counter... he was incredibly rude! If the rest of the store wasn't so awesome I probably would've taken off two stars.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,8/13/2012,37,103,6,4,8>I took advantage of a work-free weekday morning to get breakfast at Stanley, which I have avoided on the weekends for the past few years due to the crowds and wait time.  I learned long ago that breakfast here is greater than Stanley's non-breakfast foods.  So I tend to shy away from lunch foods and stick to breakfast.  There are benedicts of various types - my favorites being the fried oyster and fried soft-shell crab.  And don't be shy about ordering gumbo for breakfast, because Stanley's has a pretty good one (andouille, oyster and shrimp).  One last comment: anyone can drink alcohol over a boozy breakfast.  Lots of people do it in New Orleans.  I do too, probably too often.  But you can show you have real balls (or lady-balls, as the case may be) by ordering a giant milkshake with housemade ice cream to accompany your breakfast.  The table full of bloody-mary-drinking tourist bros gave me mental daps when they saw my man-sized breakfast of gumbo and fried oysters & eggs benedict washed down with a frosty chocolate milkshake (cherry on top).  It is a solid choice.  Your waiter will compliment you.  Fellow diners will gaze with jealousy.  You will be happy.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,8/12/2012,71,63,5,7,7>What is it about ice cream that always makes everything better?  Having a bad day?  That's nothing a waffle cone stuffed with butterscotch can't fix.  Think that glazed douhnut is pretty good?  Throw a scoop of banana crème pie on top and see what you've been missing.  I'm convinced that we can achieve peace in the Middle East if we could just get enough refrigerated trucks out there and give away free ice cream.  Even my lactose intolerant lady finds solace in a Lactaid pill followed by a scoop of cookie monster.The Creamery has a sumptuous array of flavors to satisfy any craving.  The original location on Prytania might have a few more varieties than this one, but the Lakeview location definitely fills the need.  It's also less crowded, but closes an hour earlier.  Every flavor I've tried there has been awesome.  Is there even such a thing as bad ice cream?  No, not really.  You even get free tastes to see exactly which scoop of awesomeness you want to commit to.The only thing bad I can say about this place is that they only take cash.   However, they will give you the tastiest brain freezes in return.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/11/2012,173,142,13,11,10>Wine? Yes, please.Delicious wine that is housed in a super fancy, high tech yet old world Willy Wonka-esque fantasy endless vending machine? Yes yes yes.I love me some wino.  Here is the deal: you belly up to the little service counter that is located in the center of the store and you load up a pretty little pink credit card with some loot (don't worry about having too much or too little - you can never have too much and you can always add more loot to it.  Trust me on this one.).  Then, you spin around in a wonderful boozy haze and take 1, 2, or 3 oz shots of a gazillion different varieties of whites, reds, sweet wines, dry wines, dessert wines, b'fast wines, all the wines you can imagine from all over the world.  Some wines are a little spensy, but they have many wines that are very low price, so you can have the best of both worlds!  It's like a drunk Goldilocks story except there is no family of bears coming to get you when you wake up!  Oh, wait, actually that may sort of happen, depending on how many of the less spensy wines you have...sometimes they get you in the morning...
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,8/9/2012,32,64,2,5,4>This place is everything you want in a hamburger joint in New Orleans. Its dark, its divey and if you pick the wrong time you are waiting in a line. But, the wait is worth it cause they have some strong drinks and they Hamburgers are messy and delicious. If you leave after eating a hamburger and you didn't use about 10 napkins then you are eating it wrong. Being that I live right around the corner, I do try to avoid this place on the weekends and tend to go at off times on the week days. Just to get in a little quicker. But, When that urge hits I dont care what day of the week it is Only Port of Call will satisfy that burger hunger.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/8/2012,58,253,3,6,6>I finally went to the Company Burger for a solo lunch date this weekend. The Company Burger is a gourmet burger place that does its thing really well without being too frou-frou. You order at the cash register, and then take a seat. After a while, they'll holler your name and you pick up your food from the counter. It took a while for me to get my burger, but they were slammed (Saturday lunchtime), so I understood.Pros: *Counter staff was SUPER nice and helpful (I was obviously very confused about how to navigate when I arrived). *Menu is pretty simple (a pro in my book - I'd rather go somewhere that does half a dozen things very well then 30 things okay)*Good beer selection*Burgers tasted super-fresh. So good that I wish I had gone without the bacon on my burger so I could taste more of the burger. *BASIL MAYO!Cons:*I'm trying to dig deep here, because I really enjoyed my lunch here. Maybe my only complaint is that a burger + beer + tip set me back just under $20, which seemed pricey for one person. So I wouldn't do this all the time, but once in a while - definitely would go here again.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,8/7/2012,107,129,3,7,5>My Favorite Vegan has declared this the best yet when it comes to the chef "putting something together."Every once and a while we get the wild hair to dress all fancy-pants make reservations out somewhere and have a big date out. Martinique was the choice for our date night of post drinks dinner. It's situated on Magazine with really nice outdoor dining and a pretty "cozy" (tight) inside. Because of the weather being iffy we opted to eat in the dining room and were seated immediately for our 8:00pm reservation.Bread, wine, starters: Bea had a salad, I had the gumbo. Gumbo was good, with a nice thick base and a good distribution of sausage and shrimp.Entrees consisted of the Drum for me, and a vegan compatible dish which included sweet potato slices and a gravy.. She was impressed with their ability to come up with something off menu and really enjoyed herself. The drum was also wonderful in a pinot noir reduction with the mushrooms and spinach. Also the fish was huge compared to other places I've been to and left me full. Overall, I was impressed and while Bea was equally impressed she left still feeling a little hungry. Waitstaff was great, checking in without helicoptering around us and even calling us a cab to whisk us away to our next destination.Great food, good wine choices, and very popular outdoor dining along Magazine. I can see us going back,
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,8/6/2012,87,388,3,7,6>A group of us went to the restaurant to help a friend celebrate 30 years with the same company.  That is getting to be a rarity these days.  He wanted someplace special and this is where we went.My wife and I both started off with the crab and shrimp bisque.  It was nice and creamy, with plenty of shrimp in it.  I enjoy trying different baked oysters dishes so I ordered the Pelican Club baked oysters.  They were good, topped with bacon, Parmesan and a garlic flavored butter.  My wife prefers crabmeat, so she had the lump crabmeat and shrimp cakes.  They sat atop a fried green tomato and was covered with remoulade sauce and more crabmeat.  She raved over them.For the main course, I had the fillet Mignon with mashed potatoes and vegetables, decorated with a Bearnaise sauce.  The steak was cooked just as I wanted it.  My wife ordered the paneed drum with lump crabmeat.  It was a good size fillet covered with crabmeat and a Creole Meuniere Sauce.  Both dishes were fantastic.We wanted to try a dessert, but were too full to order our own.  The couple next to us suggested that the four of us split the bourbon pecan pie with vanilla ice cream and chocolate decadence cake.  Great idea as we all got a taste without regretting the decision.Everything was just excellent: the food, the service and the atmosphere.  Be careful, you can run up quite a wine bill if you are not too careful.  The waiter was very attentive about keeping the wine glasses topped off, rather than waiting until the glasses were near empty.  In other words we probably drank more than we should have.It can sometimes get loud in here but we were probably part of the problem this evening.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,11/28/2012,68,139,3,4,3>i've been going to Siberia a lot since i moved closer (and i feel sorry for them losing their band privileges) and i've gotten a new appreciation for it.i never really went to many shows here because i only dig angry, raw, noisy music and the smell of unwashed flesh in small doses and that seemed to be the scene here (though i'm glad we have a place for that.)  But as a neighborhood bar and a place to eat it's awesome.  They've always been cheap and (possibly to drum up business) they've had some damn good specials.  it's definitely turning into one of my regular stops.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,11/27/2012,9,73,3,14,4>Sunday brunch at Saffron in the strip mall in Gretna was indeed like walking into India itself. Complex, well researched, well rooted in Indian traditions, yet creative and colorful cuisine. Tasteful, clean and dignified decor. Friendly, well trained waiters and cooks that seem passionate about their little treasure of a restaurant. Bill rather high without the full wow factor achieved; otherwise would have given it five stars. I am not whining, just that we just cannot afford to visit for another five years (and we probably go for Indian at least once a month). And probably would not come back for another "special occasion" ever, so that might be the end of our relationship with Saffron although it was nice once. Talk about a one night stand! Uh, afternoon. Just that....When you do the math, you figure out that you could eat three times at Taj Mahal in Metairie (and I believe just as well) for the same price as one time at this place, and you sigh and you say it was a nice treat, and you wish them luck. But they are only open twice a week, and full of folks, so they probably will not miss us at all. They seem to be charging what will make it worth their effort and not particularly concerned about paying the bills. At Nirvana on Magazine, you could eat twice for the same price as once here as well and have the virtually the same fanciness and better grub--in my humble, uninformed but often hungry opinion. High end? Yes, the decor is a bit nicer, but we honestly enjoyed the food more at Nirvana and Taj Mahal even while paying less. At both locations the naan is fresher and better made.  Still, some part of me respects the effort at Saffron, the nice atmosphere, and what they are trying to do. They sure do give life to the broken down Gretna strip mall where they have set up shop! There is a really sketchy bar next door, and nobody even seems to notice. Once you enter the door of Saffron, you are whooshed away into another land. In appearance, this place is quite pretty on the same level as NOLA for example, Emeril's modern bistro, except in Hindi, so I guess their price is the goin rate. Plus there is the fusion thing. This place is not Indian in the strict sense of the word although they do have traditional dishes on the menu. Only open Fridays and Sundays. These guys are busy catering on other days apparently. All in all, it's fun place for an adventurous meal. But for Indian food in NOLA, we have tried better places at half the cost and on our side of the river. If you want a video visual, here is the unknown FC: wwltv.com/eyewitness-mor…
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,11/26/2012,51,274,4,6,5>Bruno's is not a place I go to hang out.  It's a place I go to get cheese fries.  Specifically the loaded cheese fries.  They're waffle fries with CHEESE on them.  Oh, and they also have sour cream and chives... but mostly cheese.  Real cheese, not nacho cheese or velveeta, but REAL CHEESE.  Also, the food is half priced after midnight (and they won't make it to go).Otherwise this is an obnoxious frat bar.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,11/25/2012,233,391,,9,6>Wow, I really loved this place... I had steak with a coconut curry sauce... I was a little hesitant to go out on a limb not only with this dish, but with the entire restaurant... glad I did, I LOVED it and will definitely be back. BOTTOM LINE: Seriously good Vietnamese cuisine.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,11/24/2012,137,178,3,8,5>Went to see Ellis Marsalis on Friday. The quartet was RIDICULOUS. Everybody was extremely talented and working very hard to show it. I was especially impressed with the saxophonist. And every time Ellis played beautiful melodies in minor keys I was on the verge of tears.My only complaint for Snug Harbor is that I was freezing my ass off upstairs. I know some folks here keep the AC on strong, but I felt like it was unnecessarily cold.As for things I didn't enjoy that is out of anyone's control, the guy two seats away from me had the nerve to answer his phone and continue talking when the show was *just* starting. And there were people who were talking loudly at times. I didn't understand why they weren't just at the bar outside watching the TV screen and enjoying their conversations instead of being inside and treating the music as if it were background noise.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,11/23/2012,93,281,2,14,3>René Bistrot is one of our newest restaurants located now in the Warehouse District. Chef René Bajeux, one of only 55 French Master Chefs in the United States, has opened his restaurant in the Renaissance Arts Hotel on Tchoupitoulas St. The space was previously occupied by La Côte Brasserie. Chef Bajeux has operated the former René Bistrot in the Pere Marquette Building prior to the failure of the federal levee system in 2005. And more recently was the Chef at the Rib Room in the Royal Orleans.And so my fiancée Bethany and I decided to see what the new restaurant and Chef Bajeux had to offer. The restaurant is large and with separate seating area for the bar. Although no major changes in appearance has been done so far, there will be some updating in the future. We were made to feel very comfortable by Laura who handles the bar and we stopped there first for a before dinner drink.  This would be a nice place to go for a drink even if you are not having dinner. Wide selection of beverages and a knowledgeable person behind the bar is a big plus. Antoinette is the hostess and with the personality that every hostess should have but doesn't always.We were pleasantly surprised to run into a waiter that has been around for a very long time. Nick who has put time in at Broussard's and Tamarind is the kind of waiter that can guide you through the menu and wine list if you request it with knowledge and concern. He also knows to give you the space you need when you wish to have that quiet romantic dinner with the love of your life. Also met and chatted with a younger and outgoing waiter named Chad. He would be a wise choice to request when making your reservations here in addition to Nick.Now for the food we decided to enjoy. First there was the Tarte Flambé. This is a traditional Alsatian tart consisting of fromage blanc, onion, and bacon prepared and served on a cast iron skillet. Very tasty with the spring greens on top and the skillet does keep the serving warm while eating. Very delicious and big enough for two people.Should also mention that olive bread was served with butter and a garlic pesto olive oil dip to keep you happy while waiting for your first selection. For the wine selection we enjoyed a French Bordeaux, Marquis de Chasse 2010, and it went very well with the food. The wine list is diversified and the price varies from moderate to expensive. The wines by the glass selections are also good and the prices are reasonable.The entrée we finally decided to enjoy was the Basque Seafood Ragout. This consisted of mussels, clams, shrimp, white beans, chorizo, and a tomato broth. The dish was very flavorful and tasted more like something that you would have served at someone's home than a restaurant. Chef Bajeux has always made me feel that way with his food preparation and choices for his menu. I would just add that a few more white beans would have added much to the dish.The dinner came to a conclusion with a so called single serving of Baked Alaska that is really made for two. Very good and decadent with some very strong coffee capped the night. Before leaving took a look see at the Sunday Brunch menu. It is a menu brunch, the only kind I consider, and it is three courses served with champagne of course. Every choice of the three courses on the brunch menu is under $30.00. Not a bad deal with the quality of the food and service at this restaurant.This place has my Seal of Approval.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/22/2012,169,65,7,9,7>Man, oh man, I can't tell you how much I despise using the "V" word. No, not "vagina" or "ventriloquist" ...I referring to"VEGAN" but alas, I must.Recently I switched on over to a vegan diet for many reasons, but my health being one of the most important. Now, as most of you know, I love to eat. So being a vegan has presented some obstacles, especially when going out with friends. While I'll admit, every restaurant has been very kind in respecting my choice, I often feel like an *sshole when I have to say "Is this vegan?" I mean it's New Orleans, where we deep fry our vegetables and our turkeys. I worry that people will whisper about me at other tables, "Oh, look, that's the vegan. I've never seen one with an ass so big."  I also sympathize with my dinner companions who don't always want to have to fret over whether the menu will be appealing to vegans and meat eaters alike.So what's a girl to do? Head on over to Carmo! Seriously this place has absolutely delicious food, vegan and otherwise. And I might add that the vegan food isn't just acceptable, it is downright plate-licking quality. Bonus points because you never have to worry about sounding pretentious when you want it vegan, they already make it that way! I whole-heartedly encourage even the most blood-thirsty of carnivores to give there vegan Rico a try. Your taste buds will thank you.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,11/21/2012,42,99,,5,3>Go there knowing it's a noisy, yatty, kinda old school place.  It seems like it's family run.It was jammed in there- the three of us thought we'd never get a seat, but we were seated very quickly and greeted by a really friendly blonde yatty woman who seemed to be in charge- really sweet, like your mamma.  The waitress came shortly thereafter, and she was really pleasant as well.Our order came out quickly, which was a surprise considering the crowd.  Don't let the bland name food you- this is classic, artery-clogging yat food- right up there with Mandina's and Katie's.  Get the crawfish and corn soup- it's awesome.  I had a special which was a giant soft-shelled crab over "pasta Lafayette," which was this cream-based, seasoned sauce over angel hair- loved it.Located next door to R & O's, it's on the list for a return visit.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,11/20/2012,24,87,2,6,3>This is my favorite bar in New Orleans.  They have an amazing outdoor space (with huge fans so it's temperate even in a Nola summer).  The beer selection is ridiculously large and they're always featuring new brews.  They serve great pub food made on the premises.  There aren't  many places in this town that meet all of those criteria.Not only that, but it gets a decent crowd even on weeknights (especially Wednesday with the free pint glasses).  AND you can bring your dog.  I don't have a dog, but if I did I would be pretty happy about a bar that I could take it to---that cuts out half of the work of meeting people using your cute dog.Also, the raspberry vinaigrette goes great with everything (it comes on the California Fire Grilled Chicken Sandwich).  I don't usually eat at this location, but at the Lagers that these guys also own, I put the raspberry vinaigrette on the blackened chicken sandwich and it is awesome.The only thing that would make me happier is if they opened a Lagers style eatery in Mid-City with all of the outdoor space that the Bulldog locations have.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,11/19/2012,122,52,7,5,6>Oh, I don't want to be addicted to a place where the dishes and drinks can run a po' grad student like me into food debt. Yes, that's a real thing. I have a lack of willpower, especially when it comes to ALLIGATOR AND SHRIMP CHEESECAKE! In fact I have a message for this dish: Don't talk so dirty to me, cheesecake... Jesus, we're in a room full of people and you get all dressed up with your creamy goodness, and you know I can't resist! What's wrong with you? NOTHING, that's what. I will dream of you and lick the plate when no one is watching, but that's it! This is only going to happen once every now and again. I'm not an addict, you dirty dirty tasty dish. Everything else is good too. Damn.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,9/9/2011,65,92,3,13,7>Just had my first visit, and first Juicy Lucy.The previous restaurant in this location was pretty mediocre. In fact, there are quite a few mediocre (yet successful) restaurants in this area. With all of that in mind, and despite being ecstatic it was open, I was expecting Juicy Lucy's to be mediocre as well. Much to my surprise, it was far from it. The second I heard a burger joint was opening in Mid City, I immediately thought about how great of an idea it was. There are 3 fairly mediocre Mexican-themed restaurants, 4 Pizza/Italian restaurants, and a few higher end places within walking distance. I'm tired of all that crap--some of it's great, but if you live or frequent this area, you might get frustrated at a lack of variety. Which is why serving burgers is probably the best idea any restaurateur has had for this part of town.Juicy Lucy's is probably one of the most solid restaurants I've visited in awhile. We had three people at our table, and everyone thought the food was pretty good and would come back again. I think for a brand new restaurant, in a brand new place, that few have ever heard of, that is pretty damn amazing. This place was good and smoothly landed me into a ground beef euphoria. The concept here is stuffed burgers, so basically they throw some cheese, and a variety of other things and wrap it in a ground beef patty. It comes out being a burger with a pocket of melty gooey goodness. They have about 5 or 6 different types of burgers to order stuffed, and you can also get a regular burger and pick your cheeses and toppings. Burgers come with a side, onion rings, fries, or sweet potato fries. For an added 2.50 you can get truffle fries! And of course, beer is served. The down side for me was the decor. It was kind of dark and drab, which put me into a tired mood. A mood that is hard to break regardless of how good the food is. I also think it would be great if you could choose what you want stuffed. Obviously the kitchen probably doesn't want to over-complicate things, but I'm sure you could let people mix and match some things quite easily. Go eat here, and eat here often. If a restaurant starts out serving solidly good food, it can only get better. I'm already planning my return visit.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,9/8/2011,242,340,3,6,8>Quite possibly my guy's favorite restaurant in NOLA, well besides Always Open Poboys out in the East, which doesn't say much for his taste. :)I took him here the first week that he moved here, and I think it might be the reason that he stayed. He had a fried roast beef poboy, fell head-over-heels for the crawfish and alligator cheesecake, and the jalapeno cornbread sealed the deal. We ran into the owner one night, and he admitted that the cheesecake was an Emeril invention, but he said, "We perfected it". And boy did they. This place always has a line, which is why we hardly ever make it. Quite magically, there was no line that night that I first took my beau. That's how you hook 'em. ;) As an added bonus, we sat at the bar and got to make friends with the bartender, Kiss. I was raving about Strawberry Abita and how I couldn't wait until it came out for the season. Well, in a hushed voice Kiss told us that he had two cases in the back that had just come in. He offered to cool one down for us since my guy had just moved down and all. It was really sweet of him, and we enjoyed the first of the strawberry goodness before any other patrons. And lived happily ever after.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,9/4/2011,147,39,9,15,11>I love Fleurty Girl, and the new location in the French Quarter is super cute! The day I went, the sign wasn't even outside yet, but I meandered toward the door when I saw a display of Feelgoodz Flip Flops (my college buddy's product) . . . then I noticed the "Fleurty Girl Green" accents and realized where I was! Yes, the color is pretty iconic now . . . great branding!Lauren (the owner) was in there, and was very sweet and gracious in helping me pick out a summer hat. I actually went with this awesome big floppy stripey hat . . . she called it her festival hat, but I call it my Great Gatsby hat! It was only $20, and is now one of my favorite hats . . . and I have about 50 hats in my collection!This store is a great example of why we should support our local businesses . . . why wouldn't you want to help out a place with such charm and creativity? It's what New Orleans is all about!P.S. If I'm not mistaken, this location sits below the studio apartment where Tennessee Williams wrote A Streetcar Named Desire. I could be wrong, though. I am sometimes. Very rarely.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,9/3/2011,21,98,4,8,3>I'm so thrilled to live down the block.I'll most likely have to buy new, bigger pants.I had a smoked sausage today. It was crazy delicious. & large.  I got sauerkraut, onions, mustard & tomatoes on mine & will return and resist the urge to get the same thing. I want to try their traditional hot dogs that they get imported from somewhere across the seas.  I'm also intrigued by the alligator dog and crawfish dog.Also - their side of fries is large. I'm munching on them as a study snack hours later. & this may sound odd but their ketchup is really, really tasty. Serious ketchup. & Serious dogs. I win!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,9/2/2011,173,142,5,10,6>Martin Wine Cellar makes me feel fancy.  And thirsty.  I must have tremendous resolve, though, because I have only ever had salads at Martin, but Sweet Baby Jesus they know what they're doing at that place.  My favorite is the Sena Salad, which is pulled (not chopped) warm oven roasted chicken, raisins, and field greens, bleu cheese, and pecans tossed in the most amazing Tabasco pepper jelly vinaigrette.  There is something about this salad that will make you dream about it all day and all night, too.  It's insane.  The Martin Special is awesome too, but you have to be hungry to eat it.  It is a heavy, cobb-type salad with green leaf lettuce, bacon, avocado, tomatoes, boiled eggs, radish, and crumbled blue cheese.  It is over the top rich and so super yum.  The spinach and chicken salad is also wonderful - It is what you would expect: spinach, (cubed) grilled chicken breast, eggs, cucumbers, and tomatoes. But, what makes this salad special is the warm, freshly-grilled onions and peppers. KAZAM!The last time I went (and the only time I have dined in), I was SO impressed by the appearance of all the food I saw on display and on other diners' tables.  I wanted to go into hoover mode in a big way, but I resolved instead to go back as often as possible and eventually try it all....YAY resolve!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,9/1/2011,30,32,25,13,14>Given the naughtiness of the business they are in, I don't think the couple that owns this place would ever qualify for sainthood. But they clearly have the patience of saints. Hot Chocolate is located in the French Quarter and has *a ton* of bachelorette stuff (which is how I ended up there). As you can imagine, the WGPSF (woo girls per square foot) ratio has the potential to reach dangerously high levels. So kudos to the owners for putting up with that crap so bachelorette parties throughout New Orleans can be graced with a plethora of penis products. And let me tell you, they have penis products galore. The biggest hit of the party we threw was Mr Pecker, a 6 foot tall inflatable penis. You can fill the base of Mr Pecker with water so that he always stays erect. And that we did. Mr Pecker graced a couple of Grand Isle's finest watering holes with his presence, was an animal on the dance floor, and became the object of affection for many ladies throughout the night. And he handled it all like a champ. We also bought a variety of penis party favors and decorations to ensure the bachelorette party had a deluge of dicks. I really liked the penis light switch covers (which were actually repurposed erasers/peen-cil toppers. genius!). Every time you turn on/off the light, it's like giving a tiny hand job. They also make penis cakes here, but we didn't get one because someone else graciously volunteered to bake one.In addition to the bachelorette wares, Hot Chocolate also has a variety of products for your sexytimes pleasure. The customer service is excellent. They were a huge help as we selected our penis purchases and were extremely patient with our lack of decisiveness. Hot Chocolate will also order anything not in stock. Check them out, ya'll.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,8/30/2011,100,5,22,11,5>I'm a little pissed they decided to open this so close to my house. I am fat enough. ugh. Went yesterday and it is fucking delicious.  Bacon Maple Donut, jeeezus...so good. like when your bacon mixes with your pancakes, but your pancakes is a donut.  We also got coconut, glazed, blueberry, sprinkles...no complaints at all. They were out of the Red Velvet, which is my favorite cake. They seem to be getting a lot of good press, so get there early. I have a feeling they will consistently sell out of donuts. Really good.Coffee was ok, service was delightful. a few tables, nice place for a cheap business meeting or lunch date. This place made me make Homer Simpson noises all day.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,8/29/2011,118,34,7,9,7>How do I begin to describe my love for Kajun's?1. Karaoke 7 nights a week. The people that run the karaoke are 100% awesome and the selection is pretty good. With the VERY mixed crowd of this place you get to see a pretty good show. After a few jell-o shots, just TRY to pry that mic out of my hand.Which leads me to #2.2. Jell-o shots. At a bar. They are $1. You can't go wrong.3. Pitchers of beer are $5.50. What kind of beer? I have no idea. But they're $5.50.This place appeals to so many aspects of my personality, it's like it was made just for me. Thank you Kajun's. See you soon.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,8/28/2011,53,45,6,11,7>This is one of the local establishments jam packed with contradictions and suprises that give NOLA that je ne sais quois that makes some of us never want to leave this town. It's demure and not easy to spot, with just a little sign out front (it's across the street from the Supreme Court building, and next door to K-Paul's).  The place looks small, and a little dingy, with characters hanging around at a table by the front door.  But Vieux Carre Wine & Spirits is one of, if not the, finest wine purveyors in town.  The Sicillian Todaro brothers really know what they're talking about, and they deliver in the neighborhood (on a flat-bed grown-up tricycle).  This made a major difference when I lived in the Quarter - you have to haul everything around in your arms.  When I threw a party and needed a couple of cases of wine, it was no problem:   I stopped by, got their recommendations for what to serve at the prices I was thinking of, paid, and they showed up in about half an hour at my door.Just tell them what you want, and they have it.  If it's not out front, it's in the back, or in their offsite warehouse somewhere in Lafayette or something, or they know where they can get it.  It's a little weird - no one else can get it, but the brothers can.  It makes one wonder if they've discovered a way through or around the powerful Louisiana alcohol distributors' lobby (they really do rule the world around here).   I'm just saying they know how to procure.  They have an excellent variety of champagnes and sparkling wines, and keep a decent choice of them cold for your emergency celebrations.  And the brothers give the best recommendations for both wine and spirits. They also sell imported cheeses, meats, and other Italian delicacies found on the shelves and in the coolers at the front of the store.  But when I asked if they sold caponata, one of the brothers looked at me in a sort of bewildered way, and said something like, "What?  Caponata?  No, we make that at home.  We don't buy Caponata.  Do you buy Caponata anywhere?  No, you make it at home."  It never occurred to me that I could make it myself...so I went home and found a delicious recipe and learned that It really is better to always do as the Todaro brothers advise.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,8/27/2011,348,319,2,4,3>Jackson was such a fun surprise. Came here on a whim with my roommate early Sunday afternoon, apparently determined to undo all the hard work we put in at the gym.  The plan was "salads.". The end result was boozey, starchy, fried awesomeness.  I just love surprises, don't you?The interior of Jackson is old brick, contrasted with some rad Picasso-esque cubist artwork (Carnival themed, of course).  The restaurant is multilevel and a gentle jazz band was playing upstairs.   The hostess asked if we had a reservation and I imagine this place can get crowded.My brunch was out of this world. Fried green tomato Benedict with sautéed shrimp and a side of jalapeño cheddar grits.  I mean...just wow. It actually wasn't too rich or too large which my waistline humbly thanks Jackson for. My vegetarian roommate had a more difficult time with the menu, as they were only serving Sunday brunch.  The regular lunch menu looks absolutely amazing and I can guarantee we'll be back to give some more tantalizing dishes a whirl.  The waitstaff seemed to be constantly apologizing, which was a little strange. I know we arrived in the middle of their rotation/shift, we were "that" table with the vegetarian, but honestly once we made the decision to have a casual Sunday cocktail, any hiccups in the service were not evident to us  (there must have been something..our waiter was saying "I'm sorry" every trip to the table). That is the sign of great atmosphere and a delicious meal!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,2/13/2014,64,34,3,9,4>Ah some of the best food I have had in New Orleans thus far. We had 6 people in our party. Two people had the burger, one had the rabbit, one had the shrimp and grits and myself and our other guest had the lamb. Needless to say all the plates we licked clean!Also, try the blue crab beignets they were pretty tasty. Emily our waitress was fantastic!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,2/12/2014,95,242,2,9,7>Great experience. The office is right off Canal near the Womac law building (have never been inside, but I always see that office/house for some reason). They have dedicated parking off to the side. There was plenty of street parking, however, so I just parked on Canal. Inside, the decor is relaxing with an open layout and the bilingual staff is a nice plus. Mostly, I just appreciated that they didn't judge my coffee/tea stained teeth. Melissa did a great job and it wasn't awful (after not going for 2+ years, I thought my teeth would be much worse!). They reviewed my xrays and the doc came in to check for any potential spots I'd need a fix up. Overall, very professional. I was in and out, once I got to the cleaning part, in about 40 minutes. I will definitely be back in 6x months for a regular cleaning and will recommend this place to co-workers/friends who have the same insurance. Hints: Saturday hours! If you cancel w/in 24 hours, they will charge you (you'll sign paperwork on it when you are in-house) - which is a great idea. They send you a text message reminder of your appt, which is helpful.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,2/11/2014,42,10,3,13,9>I am a fan of Tandoori Chicken restaurant!  In my opinion it is the best Indian food in the NOLA area.  Not a fancy atmosphere by any means, but the food is amazing.  This is a small family-run restaurant with just nine tables.  Get the lamb curry (spicy)!  The lamb here is slow roasted and falling apart in the curry.  So soft and tender... not the chewy cubes you get at some Indian restaurants.  The spice level heats you up but is not so much as to ruin the flavor of the dish.  I have been here several times with other people who aren't into lamb as much as I am, and I have sampled their dishes (chicken korma and shrimp curry among others) and they were delicious as well.  The shrimp curry was completely different and unexpected (not just shrimp thrown in your basic red curry) but complimented the shrimp perfectly. The garlic naan does not skimp on garlic and is chewy yet crispy at the same time.  Yum!Sweet lassi is delicious creamy slightly-sweet goodness! The prices are on-par with other Indian places in NOLA, and although I've never had it, the daily lunch buffet is only $10.99.Lunch take-away specials are $8.99.  I would totally be taking advantage of this if I worked nearby. For me, Tandoori Chicken is worth the drive to Metry.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2013,2/10/2014,117,11,1,12,8>I make it to Faubourg Wines at least twice a week. The $5 glass of wine paired with the best bread ever and some cheese is oh so tasty!There is a bar where you can sit and enjoy your wine or have a wander and pick out a reasonably priced bottle to take home. The Pinot Noir Pali Riveria 2010 is on sale for $16.99 and def my fav at the moment.Every Wednesday night there is a wine tasting and on Friday night the food truck Empanada Intifada sits outside (food truck review coming soon)  - Check this place out!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,2/9/2014,137,178,4,10,6>I finally tried this place with my K and Oh. My. God. We were not disappointed. I am not a BBQ expert or anything, but K is a little more particular with his BBQ and he enjoyed it very much.I support pop up operations and trendy food options, but lately I have felt that a lot of these places are quite expensive. When we first arrived at Finn McCool's and looked at the menu, we thought it was a little on the expensive side, but K and I ordered a combo meat plate and nachos with pulled pork to share and it ended up being perfect in portion for the two of us.Like I said, I'm not a BBQ expert, but do you know what I did fall in love with at Boo Koo BBQ? Their pickled jalapenos on the nachos. I think they pickle their own and they are ridiculously delicious. I mean, I already love jalapenos to begin with, but these weren't just spicy and sour. They had some sweetness to them as well.I need to get back here soon so I can eat more of these jalapenos!!!Oh, and K says their pulled pork, brisket, and ribs were all very good too. :)
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,2/8/2014,224,517,,7,6>Some of the best bbq I have had in the city. The pulled pork was moist, the sides were great which is a big change from other bbq joints around the city. They feature a vinegar slaw which I prefer over a mayo slaw. The highlight was the molasses collard greens which were great. They have every sauce you can imagine even some I have never seen before. I will be back soon to try the ribs.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,2/7/2014,83,254,1,11,7>My husband I I were lucky enough to be invited to dinner here, which was great because I'm quite sure our hosts spent a pretty penny.We started off with cocktails and charcuterie. A+ on the cocktails! Inventive but accessible list and tasty to boot. I liked all the pickled things on the charcuterie plate and DEFINITELY the lardo; everything else was fine but no wow factor. Then we moved on to appetizers; of those I tasted, I'd say the deviled eggs were my favorite.My smoked scallops were as delicious as I'd hoped. Husband predictably ordered pork belly. It was good but what I really remember was this smoked vegetable ash smear it was served on. WOW. I thought the desserts were more about presentation (and at that, they excelled) than taste. We had the peach crumble and the blueberry clafoutis. Neither impressed my palate. I was really looking forward to the peach buttermilk ice cream with my dessert but it was icy and bland. Ice cream, or gelato, whatever they call it, is pretty easy and they didn't get it right at ALL. However, if I were to go back for anything, which is unlikely since they charge $16 for deviled eggs, I would go back for the Indian falooda. Oh! It was a terrarium of beautiful, edible flowers and accouterments swimming in a pool of geranium milk. I thought this sounded a little crazy but I loved it. Appetizers and desserts were overpriced and fell a little flat. Drinks and entrees, while pricey, were worth it.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,2/6/2014,162,269,7,10,7>Without tolls, this bridge is a lot more fun. There are two components I need to review: the view and the drive. A) The view. Maybe the CCC is ugly to the untrained eye, but I am a discerning consumer who loves the view of the bridge all lit up at night. It's part of the New Orleans skyline, and I think it's vital to understanding our beautiful city. Scanning from the Dome and the CBD to the CCC with a beer in hand is a stunning introduction to the city. It's also a great way to really "feel home." Get beer, view skyline, sigh happily. Many thanks to the YLC crowd for spearheading the relighting of the bridge. That's the 5 star part of the review. B) The drive. It's not perfect. It's a bottleneck of terrible sometimes, actually. (See also: the day John LH and I were stuck in the same parking lot situation and were trying to out "old lady" each other but were only using our cell phones when our cars were at a stop. We got a lot of comments in despite technically being driving.) The barriers on the sides of the bridge are high enough that we can't see over them to enjoy the view, but I think that's a safety perk. Safety first! Still better and less scary than the Huey. ::shudder:: 2 stars. Save your dollar, enjoy the view (from the ground), and don't grump about the traffic at rush hour. Accessibility notes: none necessary.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,2/5/2014,21,332,6,14,10>SEVEN REASONS WHY THE DAILY 3-6 PM HAPPY HOUR IS SO POPULAR AT DOMENICA:1)  The pizzas are thin crust and fire roasted so you taste the filling not the dough.2)  All ingredients including the sausages and pepperoni are house made.3)  Each pizza is a full 12 inches and only $6.50 at happy hour: cheaper than Domino's.4)  The space is large, well designed and has great acoustics (although it's a bit reminiscent of Greg and Marcia Brady's 70s-ish rumpus room).5)  If you go early it is relatively quiet and sparsely populated. But, the closer you get to 5 it fills up faster than the first seating on a Princess Cruise.6)  Seamless, invisible yet welcoming service is among the best in the city (Joby is awesome);7)  And finally, the tab!  Easily feeding 4: two large hand crafted pizzas topped with house made ingredients (some of which went in a go-box) and 4 glasses of wine were just $40!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,2/4/2014,88,299,7,17,11>This here is a wonderful place to get some breakfast! No, I really truly mean it. Since I contracted a case of Mid City madness I was looking up new restaurant hot spots. I found this place on yelp when I was looking up breakfast places. Since it had rave reviews on here I figured I would give them a try. It was a decision that I do not regret.The lady at the front counter was pretty friendly. When I asked her about the special she was very explanatory. The little waitress lady I had was very nice. When I say little I mean she was about 4 foot 8 inches tall. Still she was pretty nice though.I ordered the Ghost pig special. It is a breakfast special that has chorizo sausage, cheese, and ghost pepper jelly on a fresh baked english muffin. A bowl of grits was also with the order. The ghost pig sandwich was very good! It was a very spicy but good sandwich. The grits were phenomenal as well. I could tell they were real grits with real butter. The beverage I ordered was a glass of orange juice. The best part was that it was fresh squeezed with no pulp, just the way I like it.What Kind of baffled me about this place was the fact that they deliver! They deliver all through the mid city area. The reason I asked is because someone asked me about it. I really wouldn't ever call for delivery. I would either drive their or walk, (I do live close by). The menu is quiet extensive. Besides Breakfast,and lunch items they have baked goods and pork sausage for sale. The only problems you may encounter is finding seating or parking. Most of the seating is outside it is a small building after all. The parking is street parking and we know how difficult that can be in New Orleans.In short fantastic food, and great service. But parking and seating might be a little tricky.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,8/12/2014,16,70,1,7,2>We went here today for the lunch buffet. I was impressed with the pretty and clean atmosphere and with the variety on the buffet. There were only a couple vegetarian options and lots of chicken items. My favorites were the spicy basil chicken, the green curry and the veggie lover's mix. It was a lovely way to celebrate my husband's birthday. I'm sure we will eat there again.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/11/2014,103,37,3,10,5>Best biscuits I've ever had. Period. Not lying. Other than, everything else is also delicious! I had the watermelon sandwich, grilled watermelon with arugula and brie (I think?), which was good, but not great. I didn't really like the warm arugula, but it was a cool concept! Friends got the chicken and watermelon, brie and blueberry waffle - SO good, and the waffle with pancetta - also good.Will definitely be coming back. The staff was SUPER friendly and even gave us biscuits to take home. They have a great menu at pretty good prices and the vibes are great, super chill and in a cool little neighborhood. They even let you bring in drinks from the bar across the street!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,8/10/2014,299,312,9,12,9>Hi Barrel Proof, Im just going to come out and say this: I live across the street. Therefore, this is a dangerous situation for me. I have a strong affinity for whisky and such. Why do you have to be such a good bar? Classy and badass in every way.From the animal heads on the wall to the animal hides on the floor to the spacious warehouse-prohibition-saloon-edison lightbulbish feel your place gives off. I dig it. I dig it a lot.I also dig $2 tall boy PBR's (offered all day, everyday). Also offered everyday is a $5 can of Schlitz with a shot of Bourbon. Gotta love a good ole' Boilermaker. The selection of whisky and scotch is without a doubt, top notch as well. Order them neat, on the rocks or stirred with your favorite.I know what you are thinking though, "Do they have Pappy?" Nope. They have to draw the line somewhere. I don't blame them, I wouldn't likely pay for it anyways.Music? Black Keys, Arctic Monkeys, Johnny Cash... need I go on?DISCLAIMER: They make a mean Sazarac. Perfect in every way. Even the cost...$6 (that means Ill drink more than intended).Word on the street is they are very very close to launching a small bar food menu. Ive received some hints from the staff as what to expect. Lets just say that Ill be first in line when they launch the menu. Try me... Im already salivating.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/9/2014,24,31,4,6,4>Love. This. Bar. Their drink menu is extensive and creative. The bartenders are always really nice and attentive with the exception of maybe one. It's very dark,  intimate and quiet which I like for a date or having a drink alone. They do allow smoking in the bar which doesn't bother me but I realize that may be a downside for some. The drinks are always perfectly balanced with the right amount of alcohol and mixers. My favorite thing to do is come here with a friend and have them pick random, new drinks for me to try. I'm working my way down the list. The daily drink specials are also pretty great. I love $5 Pimms Cup Monday.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,8/8/2014,87,163,4,8,4>This place is so cute!  A waffle restaurant with a waffle facade, YUM.  I went in today and tried the waffle with sausage and gravy and a waffle with cream cheese and strawberries.  They were both delicious.  The waffles are a little bit on the sweet side.  I think I would prefer a slightly less sweet waffle, but they were very good anyway.The coffee they have is very nice too.  They use a Nespresso machine which means that yes, the coffees are small, but they are good strong coffees for those who prefer espresso drinks.The staff was very nice, and I am sure I will be back.  I forgot to get the card punches though :(  Maybe next time.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,8/7/2014,154,280,7,10,11>This really is as good as it gets for us lately. I know I've mentioned before how difficult it is for a date night to truly deliver for both me and my chef husband. ANd this meal did just that and more by providing the perfect atmosphere and menu items thought out so well that the chef couldn't find a single fault. two thumbs up!At first glance, there wasn't anything on the menu that we didn't want to try, so the sampler app was a given, and it did not disappoint. I expected it all to be dense, sitting on that thick tortilla of sorts, but it wasn't heavy at all. We blew through those, the pork being my personal favorite. I would recommend this item to everyone who goes to this restaurant. I must add that I am a huge fan of plantains in EVERYTHING and there was no shortage of this here. The slow cooked beef sandwich had just the right amount of soft, ripened plantains that practically had me in tears of gratitude. We ate here after a long day of pub hopping so the rest of this experience is quite hazy around the edges.  But for my husband to say this is literally THE BEST QUALITY restaurant he's happened upon this year is HUGE and I absolutely can't wait to go back.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/6/2014,526,986,2,8,5>Updating and bumping to five stars because not only do I now eat here once or twice a month, but it's my favorite place for Pho and I had the BEST PHO OF MY LIFE yesterday!So, let me start by telling you what I get. I go with #14 which is the eye of round and brisket. I have found that this combo has the most flavor and adds the most flavor to the broth. It's so amazingly good and for some reason, yesterday it was the best I have ever had. I mean, the best Pho I have ever had in my life! I have no idea what they did. It's always super good, but it was ultra good this time.I also get the pork rolls, which I really like because they include a huge piece of pork and are ultra generous with the greens. An order of spring rolls and a small bowl of Pho is definitely more than enough for lunch.Service here is always top notch and the staff is friendly and is always eager to make sure that everything was to your liking, I am here all the time, so of course I will be back over and over again.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,8/5/2014,257,566,4,10,6>First off... 5 pupusas for $5. Can't beat that. Be sure to split between at least 2 people, though, because they are super filling! Convenient location for me, right near the corner of Williams & Airline in Kenner. Friendly staff, great value, and fantastic food. Highly recommended, especially for lunch - dine in or takeout.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,8/4/2014,128,106,5,11,6>Good sushi at a fair price with a range of selection varied enough to satisfy everyone from the connoisseur to the uninitiated. Only advice that I have is that you don't sit at the bar. There are a lot of nuances in the Japanese code of etiquette, and let's face it, you don't know all of them. So if you accidentally show off your cultural ignorance and dishonor the establishment by rubbing your chopsticks together or trying to eat a whole, live octopus even though you saw it in a movie once, at least you won't be sitting in front of the sushi chefs. Those guys can really throw some harsh glares.Right off of the street car line or if you need to park, they have a spacious lot on the other side of St. Charles.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,8/3/2014,113,44,4,8,5>I've only been to High Hat once for dinner, and I got a reuben.  It's my favorite deli sandwich, so it's a good barometer for me.  But what's this?  They use manchego on their reubens?!  I am a traditionalist.  I was alarmed.  I ordered it anyway.  It was delicious.  I got greens with it, which were also excellent.  The next time we went to the High Hat was for brunch.  Brunch starts at 11 on the weekend, so early birds, you have been warned.  I ordered the pulled pork and grits with eggs and salsa.  I have been back many times since, always for brunch, and I always order this dish.  It is that absurdly good.  I don't need to try anything else.  I don't want to, because it'd mean missing out on the bliss that is this ridiculously filling meal.  The meat is smoky, and the grits are coarse yet creamy, and there's something slightly sweet about the dish that compliments the mild pepper puree perfectly.  My boyfriend is equally addicted to the cornmeal pancakes with cane syrup and eggs and bacon.  It is delicious too.  But my dish is better.  They have a full bar that includes my brunch time favorite - the seasonal mimosa.  In the summer it was peach, in the fall, spiced apple.  Always an interesting twist on damn fine breakfast libation.  And, I've always been pleased with the service, never felt forgotten, never had to wait long for anything I ordered.  Also, the floor is just the same as when it was Bill Long's, so there's a real old-school feel to this place.  I'm sure I'll go back for dinner someday, but for the time being, the High Hat is one of my very favorite brunch spots in town.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,8/26/2011,98,1428,7,12,10>I am upgrading my rating of the American Sector based on another awesome meal. There was a VIP event for the unveiling of the new expansion, so there was a flyover by a B-17 bomber. Needless to say, that was incredible. I wasn't invited to the VIP event, so I decided to have a great meal instead of schmoozing with the Mayor and other politicians. We ordered the cheeseburger sliders and the shrimp and spicy sausage po-boy. I had the po-boy and it was excellent. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and tasty. There was some sort of sauce that did make the sandwich too messy and unstable to pick up and eat, so I used my fork. Like most of the sandwiches, it comes with homemade potato chips. I don't even like plain chips, but these are really good. I was told the sliders were also good. It is considered an appetizer, but it is really enough food for a meal. Every meal comes with complimentary spicy pickles. These are my favorite pickles. Try some. You will enjoy them. Service was good. Our server was training, so he was a little over the top, but the drinks were never left empty and he was very attentive. The restaurant is attached to the WWII museum. The museum is truly incredible and it is a wonderful thing for the city. If your a local, this would be a great spot for lunch. If your a tourist, make sure to stop after you visit the museum.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,8/25/2011,143,66,2,4,5>This locations dubs as my office during the week!  It's hard to find, since it's adjacent to Saulet Apartments (off to the left).  The sign is way too small and if you blink you can miss it!   PJ's is your standard coffee shop, which offers a wide range of coffee, ice coffee, teas and pastries.  This is a great location to work or study.   The music is always low key, not blaring like Starbucks (Magazine location that's for another review) where you MUST wear earphones just to study or walk outside to talk on the phone.  I give PJ's 4-stars not only because of their coffee, but because it's based here in New Orleans.  Today, they have grown into a franchise, but still remember their roots.   PJ's roasting facility is located somewhere around the French Quarter and on those rare breezy days, the aroma of fresh roasted coffee beans fills the air!   Ahhhh!  If you have a Blackberry, iPhone or Android, download PJ's Mardi Gras App!  It's a great tool to have during Mardi Gras!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,8/24/2011,62,66,3,6,4>My friend and I have decided to go out for Friday lunches every other week and due to reputation via Yelp, we decided to make this our first stop. And I am SO glad we did.We heard about the $20 3-course lunch and decided to each order different things so we could try several dishes. I ordered the oyster appetizer, the pork belly and beignets, which I was dying to try. My friend ordered the bibb salad, lamb neck and beignets (we each were feeling greedy). Oysters: Yum-yum. The onions on them could've been cooked a bit longer, but the flavor was interesting. We couldn't pinpoint the spice that made it so delicious, but kept thinking it must be something Indian. Very good.The Bibb Salad: Fresh and perfectly dressed, sprinkled with pig ear atop a soft boiled egg. The combination of flavors and textures was delectable. The Pork Belly: Plate came as a do-it-yourself wrap kit. Again, very fresh and well-balanced, savory blend of flavor. *Runner up* The Lamb Neck: Hearty, but not greasy. Kind of like a stew. Definitely hit the spot, given the cold weather. The Beignets: We got ours with Irish Coffee. Each order came with 5 fluffy clouds of delicious-ness sprinkled with powdered sugar, served with a tiny cup of coffee mousse and a caramel dipping sauce. They were definitely the best beignets I've had in town since I moved here. THE BEST. *Winner of Dinner... er... lunch!*Their glass wines are also delicious - great selection. I'm partial to the Willamette Valley reds and fruit-forward varietals, and was very happy with their Pinor Noir. I didn't order any of the specialty cocktails, but I'll be back on a Wednesday when they have a $5 special on them. They look creative and interesting. It's a favorite on here for a reason - delicious, innovative, not overly complicated, savory dishes and great wine pairings in a quaint, classy neighborhood bistro.I didn't really notice the service a whole lot. The hostess was nice, but we sat at the bar. The bartender was busy, but took care of us. When each runner dropped food, they made sure to ask if we needed something. They have their service down. Boom. All creative, not over-thought dishesAll deliciousGreat bistro atmosphere in the LGDBEST BEIGNETS evahhhh!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,8/23/2011,74,83,3,8,5>Piece' a Work is an "art gym." What is an art gym, you ask? From the Piece' a Work website, "an art gym is a new concept, though very much in line with the old tradtion of going to a work out gym. It's a place for you to go, forget about the day's stress and work on a craft you used to be excited about or are newly intersested in. At the core, we are an art center for artists of all ages and skill levels to come and learn, work and show."Piece' a Work is a decent sized space (half of the old Canine Connection on Magazine St.) that opened in January that caters to artists and wannabes (like me). The owner, Katheryn, teaches classes for adults and kids in a variety of mediums. In addition, the space is open for artists to come in and "work out." While I was there, there were two artists working, one drawing and one painting. There is also a gallery space in the front where artists can display their work. The place is pretty plain, with a few tables set up for painting during classes and paintings along the wall. Easels and paints are available for use. You can buy a membership for $80 or a day pass for $25.My roommate and I (and two other friends) set up a "replipainting" party for this Sunday afternoon. Katheryn was incredibly accommodating and allowed us to choose the day, time, and the painting we wanted to do. The four of us arrived at the gym, ready for action. The process was pretty similar to a painting party at a place like Corks n Canvas (and yes, you can bring your own booze and snacks!). Katheryn led us step by step in the process, offered stencils for the background and central fleur de lis, and gave us each individual attention. She mixed colors for us and gave us helpful tips. Each painting turned out vastly different despite the central idea (we each chose our own colors, placement of background pattern, etc.). The cost for the class included all the supplies we needed including our canvases, paint, and brushes. The classes are a bit less structured than Corks n Canvas, which I really enjoyed. And Katheryn was great -- she helped us just as much as we wanted, complimented our paintings even when we were feeling discouraged because of mess ups, and was incredibly friendly and pleasant. Our class lasted three hours, and we each left with a fun fleur de lis painting to hang in our homes.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,8/21/2011,526,986,,13,7>I had been wanting to try Rum House for a while, and tonight I had the chance.When I walked in, I was shocked at how packed the place was.  This was obviously a secret I was last to find out about.  I sat at the bar and I started with a margarita.  It was so good and perfect with salt.I then ordeedr a cuban sandwich for my meal.  Now, I'm super picky when it comes to Cubans, but this one was delicious.  Fantastic ham and cheese pressed into bread.  It was so good.  It came with sweet potato chips (which I have never had) and that were so good. On top of that, my dinner was only $10!   I was so happy with my whole meal, and I ended up taking half of it home. See picture!I can't wait to go back to Rum House with some friends.  It's so good, there is bound to be something for everyone here.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,8/18/2011,21,83,3,3,3>Elio's is a good spot for big drinkers (like former me) and not-so-big drinkers(like current me) alike.  Their selection of liquor is good and fairly priced but not cheap, as far as I can tell.  I really like their selection of wine the best.  The area by the cash register is half off wine is awesome! Lots of bottles to be had for $5-10 that are perfectly good for a nice evening.  Sometimes it's bad wine, but usually stuff that they are just getting out of their store.  I assume they do fine, even well, on this stuff--I wish they could teach other liquor stores to do the same.It seems like a good one stop shop if having a party.  My only major gripe with the place is the hours.  I'm rarely done with my day by the time they are closed, and they are closed Sunday.  It's okay to not be a midnight liquor place, but even by my standards they close early.  All in all, a good place, with nice ownership, and my proximity to it makes me a regular.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/16/2011,8/17/2011,148,326,8,10,6>Sucre has great coffee. Great coffee, in fact. It is dark and full of flavor. The pastries that they have behind the counter are beautiful. The chocolates that they make are spectacular and full of all kinds of different flavors. So why three stars you say? I have given you the good. Now here comes the bad and the ugly. The bad- Those beautiful pastries? Yeah, they don't taste that great. Some are kind of stale, others just sort of lack. The cupcakes are pretty good, but too much icing for me and just not worth it. For the money that you will shell out for an apple tart, you'd be better saving it and getting dessert in a restaurant or going to a place like Maple St. Patisserie or Croissant D'or and getting a yummy pastry. The gelato? Good but not great. Give me Creole Creamery or Brocato's any day. The chocolate? Delicious, but overpriced. If I wanted to get a special gift for someone this is a neat idea, (the little purse or box is a nice touch) but for a Saturday afternoon? It's just not practical. The ugly - The crowd. If you head into Sucre on a Saturday afternoon beware of the tourists. You will be trampled by twenty 14 yr. old girls hoping to try every flavor of gelato they can get their grubby Ugg boots-wearing hands on. It gives me the chills just thinking about it. Sorry Sucre, you're just not my thing (although I really love your coffee). Some people adore you.  I respect you and you're beautiful. Enjoy the tourists. I'm heading over to Brocato's.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,8/14/2011,218,209,,5,5>If you need something to do on a Friday night, visit La Maison. The funky band made me wanna jump on stage and dance with them. There is a cover charge *cringe but worth it. The guy on the drums...looks like Lil Wayne but plays the drums like Travis Barker. Unbelievable!!! The hype man is also pretty entertaining. Take a trip to La Maison before 2012!!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,8/13/2011,179,277,4,13,6>I can't count the number of times I've driven by Crescent City Steakhouse without stopping in for a hunk of meat.  That streak ended last night.  A group of 4 of us went for a meat-loving friend's birthday.We called ahead to make reservations, but on a Wednesday night at 7:30, they were unnecessary.The interior is somewhere between old-school steakhouse (fancy) and business casual power-lunch spot.  Charming, but not stuffy.  Little hexagonal tiles cover the floor and go halfway up the walls. There are booths along one wall and 2-4 seat tables set up across the floor.  We had heard there were booths you could close the curtain on and have a private dining experience, so we excitedly sat down in one of those.  Turns out the booth isn't really a booth - its like a miniature room created out of oak partitions. Inside, its just another table and chairs, not an upholstered bench like I was expecting. Its actually a but of a squeeze to seat 4 in there, but we stuck it out for novelty's sake.We wanted a giant slab of meat, so we asked if the Porterhouse for 3 would serve four. The waitress let us know that they actually have porterhouse off the menu for up to 5! So we went with Porterhouse for 4. She also let us know that cows don't grow big enough to provide a Porterhouse that large, so its actually one Porterhouse surrounded by additional strip steaks and fillets (the component meats of the Porterhouse).  Crescent City Steakhouse is one of 3 restaurants in the city that dry age their own beef (says Tom Fitzmorris), so I was more than eager to try our giant steak.My friends enjoyed the onion rings while I ate my side salad with the house French dressing, something they sell in bottles. It was decent, but nothing profound.Then came the Porterhouse.  It was a massive platter of meat covered in pan drippings, butter, and more butter.  The waitress pointed out the filets from the strips and we dug in.  The steak was perfectly cooked - the textbook definition of Medium, even throughout every piece. That alone was impressive on such a large piece of meat.  The texture was great, not grainy at all.  And the flavor... Practically indescribable.  There was great debate at our table over which was better - the filet or the strip. I generally favor strip, but the filet really won me over at Crescent City.The only side I had was the spinach au gratin, which was acceptable, but not standout. The rest had potatoes lyonnaise, which they devoured. Must have been good.  Note that the sides come in side dishes and should be shared, but order one side per person to have enough to go around.Everybody seems to be talking about the service, so here's my take:  The service provided by our waitress was completely acceptable. Our appetizers, salads, and entrees were well-spaced. She explained things from the menu clearly and from memory. She was prompt on refilling our drinks. And she was generally cheery. While it is true that their waitstaff seemed to lack the high-end polish that you might find at Delmonico, there was nothing lacking about her skills or demeanor.If I'm ever feeling wealthy and craving a giant slab of melt-in-your-mouth beef, this would be a top choice for coming back.  And since the restaurant website doesn't list prices, here's a sampling from what I remember:Ribeye - $23Porterhouse for two - $59Porterhouse for three - $79Off the menu porterhouse for four - $119 (our pick)Veg/Potatoes - $5Side salad - $4.50Onion rings - $5Wine by the glass - $7-15
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,8/12/2011,196,337,1,10,5>I gave Redemption another try. The service was better this time around. Attentive staff and fast service. My meal was delicious, which was the      Crispy Paneed Chicken Breast, Pancetta gravy, macaroni & cheese, creamy spinach. I have never been a spinach person, but I must say this spinach I ACTUALLY ate and could have probably ate a whole plate of by itself. The food here is great. This is a wonderful location for a business lunch.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,10/1/2014,23,436,3,6,3>My wife LOVES this store, she said it reminds her of when she lived in Paris.  On an initial visit she walked out with a bag but no umbrella, however we've been back for her mom and she's already shown me a few umbrellas that she would like (subtle hint).  It's not cheap, but quality rarely is.  And they RENT umbrellas for weddings and other occasions too, who knew?
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,9/30/2014,71,63,6,8,8>"I just got back from this bar on Tulane Ave...."Way back in the early aughties, if you told someone that you went to a bar on Tulane Ave, they probably thought you were a closet crackhead or some peddler of some type of controlled substance.  Back then, Tulane was, for lack of a better word: sketch.  The kind of street that you didn't want to be strolling down after dark.  Today, well, it's not exactly Uptown, but the change is palpable.  With a massive hospital complex on the way, investment and optimism has returned to this long neglected part of the city.  Hundreds of brand new apartments have been built, a swanky new Vietnamese restaurant has sprung up at a prominent corner and then there's Treo.This place represents everything that the old Tulane Ave was not, and that's a good thing.  As soon as you walk through the door, you're in a different world.  It's an amazing space the considering the condition of the surrounding blocks.  The owners of Fin McCools decided to double down on the neighborhood and it seems to be paying dividends.  This is Mid City's not-as-pretentious version of Cure.  The menu oozes with ambitious cocktails, top shelf liquor and tasty plates but nobody is going to ask you to exit should you decide to let your knees breathe.  The bar feels spacious thanks to the high ceilings and soft paint colors.  Light and airy come to mind.  Everything seems pretty muted and minimalistic until you look up.  Sprawled across most of the ceiling is a complete ward map of New Orleans.  I'm sure that just about everyone has heard of the infamous/famous 9th ward and most locals probably know about the 7th and 8th as well, but did you know that there's actually 17 total?  Upon closer inspection, you'll notice that the center light fixture is the geographically correct Superdome.  The entire 3rd ward, where the dome sits, has each neighborhood street lit up.  If you look even closer you'll notice the exact location of Treo and Fin McCools highlighted.  Very cool, indeed.  They have unknowingly set you up for future bar ceiling dissapointmentUpstairs there is a decent sized gallery space complete with a wraparound balcony overlooking, well, the still improving Tulane corridor.  There's even a large outdoor 'patio' area minus any concrete or pavers.  At the moment it's a grassy knoll with strings of lights and a few picnic tables, but potential abounds.  Now some might decry this entire effort and start throwing around the G-word.  One only needs to look around the city to realize that there is not exactly a shortage of struggling, lower income neighborhoods that are not recieving the same attention.  None of the residents along Tulane are crying foul.  #1.  You don't get to complain about gentrification when you're one of the gentrifiers.#2.  See #1.  What's the alternative?  Do we want to go back to the Tulane Ave of the 90s?  I don't think so.  I live here, I've always lived here and will contiue to do so.  I want to see more residents, more businesses and more Treos.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,9/29/2014,216,410,6,7,5>Its always a treat when you get to go to kupcake factory. Pay attention to their flavor calendar if youre picky. The popular flavors like choc and red velvet are offered every day though. I ordered 3 dozen for a coworkers bday over the phone at their kenner location and was able to pick it up at this location. There is no seating in the one, pick up only. I tried the new salted caramel flavor today and it blew my mind. So good that I couldnt stop thinking about it. Its a chocolate cake with salted caramel flavored icing. They may cost alot for a cupcake but theyre rich and big enough to share with 2 people and feel content. Im saying this after I ate 2 whole ones by myself today. Im feeling the guilt after being so indulgent. So my recommendation is to share;)
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,9/28/2014,42,78,9,8,7>I'll just go against the person who is angry that they open at 3 and say 'Boy Im glad they were open at 3.'Three is a really pleasant time to open; you get to have a nice cup of coffee, maybe make an omelets then walk the dog before work, maybe you just get to lay in bed with a companion for awhile talking about what's on your mind before heading to work to start prepping the Kebab. OK, I'll just say it, you can have lots of sex in the morning to then, and even some at noon...is that so wrong?Im sure in New York kebab places are open 24 hours, and at 7 AM the Kebab workers don't even have time to wipe last nights grease out of their ears before hauling themselves back to their Kebab place and working 11 hours kebabing to make sure kebabs are always available in the city that never stops, but that's no way to live. Kebabs are awesome, but so is non Kebab time.I went in at 3:40 and it all seemed normal to me.Yeah, there may be people from the neighborhood that others who review don't believe have a right to eat in a restaurant because they are dirty, but that's why the American's invented the Garden District, so they could cloister themselves up there rather than deal with the poorer immigrants. If you don't like it you can do the same.Anyway, I seem to just reviewing other reviewers who got my goat (yum, goat Kebabs, remind me to be angry they don't have them) thereby saving everybody the time to hit the 'useful' button.PS the kebab platters were both awesome, fair deal and whoever is the genius who came up with the odd pricing that turned out to make everything cost a neat number; you are a genius. The location is a historical landmark as it was once the best 2 AM poboy in the entire city. And a delicious quick cheap takeout place in that areanot in a bar? totally perfect(the togo little plates were hard to deal with, sorry, that's my only complaint)
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,9/27/2014,120,138,5,6,7>Bud's has pretty good burgers for a decent price. They also have hot dogs, chicken sandwiches, fries, onion rings, hand held pies and shakes.We recently went to this location to get take out. The staff were very friendly and got our order out real quick.  I like to get their cheeseburger dressed and with their sauce. Their fries are not bad either. My boyfriend and I were interested in the crab burger. We had never tried it. It was really good. I'd say it's a toss up of whether I liked the crab burger or the cheeseburger better! We wanted to try a shake too, but they said they currently weren't making any. So, we split a peach pie and an apple pie. Good...but greasy!I would definitely come back here again. Convenient that they are open 24 hours too! Not that I really see myself coming here at 3 in the morning, but if ever the chance arose, then that's cool.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,9/26/2014,29,114,1,4,2>This is a small, unassuming little shop with some pretty solid barbeque. I had the two meat platter with the pulled pork and brisket. The pulled pork was decent, the brisket was awesome. The potato salad is mustard based and excellent; the BBQ beans were made from mixed beans instead of the navy beans that are typically featured in the dish and quite good. So far it's one of the best BBQ places I've been to here in New Orleans. The prices are great; two big entrees with sides for about 25 dollars. You can get a sandwich and a side for under 10 bucks.The restaurant itself is pretty cozy, maybe 8 tables in a seat-yourself arrangement with a couple tables outside for nicer weather. Beer isn't served but the restaurant is BYOB so feel free to pack in whatever. The service is very fast and friendly and takeout is available.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,9/25/2014,10,82,4,6,5>Loved Marcello's!  The food, service, and ambiance is absolutely perfect!  My wife and I dined here for a date night and had one of the greatest meals that we could remember.  This is a fairly casual restaurant with a vibrant bar scene in the main dining room.  The food is a welcome example of truly amazing, home cooked, hearty Italian favorites.  We started with the grilled artichoke appetizer which was absolutely delicious.  The sauce was a garlic flavored creamy sauce served with greens (we paired this with a vintage Washington Syrah blend, but should have chosen something much lighter - I think that a White Burgundy would be perfect with the artichoke dish).  The combination of flavors of the cream sauce and greens with the grilled artichoke worked perfectly.  We then had the house Italian salad with fried eggplant croutons- which were simply delicious!  For entrees we had the chicken cacciatore - which brought back fond memories of my own mothers home cooking and the lamb ragout pappardelle with lamb lollipops.  The lamb dish was simply to die for!  I will be back soon to have it again.  It had a true Italian hearty, rustic, quality that worked amazingly with the bottle of vintage Bordeaux that we paired with it (it would have been delicious with a Super Tuscan as well). Simply put, Marcello's is my new favorite Italian restaurant in New Orleans!  I can't wait to return, as my mouth is watering while I type this review!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,9/24/2014,139,94,1,6,4>Glad to finally find a snowball place in the Westbank that I can go to. Saves me a trip across the river for whenever I'm craving a frosty treat. Even better is that it's close to work and closes late. I was able to bring my mom for my second time there. It's always a plus when I can take my mom to try places out with me.It was busy just as I expected on a hot Sunday afternoon when we pulled up. The last time I stopped I was one out of two people in the lot than the rush came in right after me. So you know this place has to be worth it! They have quite a menu of flavors compared to some other snow ball stands I've been to. I opted for a turtle snowball this time because I've heard so much about it.I'm not a huge chocolate person so I wasn't too sold on it but it was good. I'm glad I did try it other than my usual nectar stuff snowball. My mom chose the pineapple stuffed snowball. I hope she enjoyed it because I finally talked her into trying it with some ice cream. I hope to bring her back often to treat her to more cold treats. Not often I get to spend time with my mom outside of our work so it's a good place to bond some more with the mommy!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,9/23/2014,84,153,6,6,4>Close to perfection as a sandwich can get.Where would i be without those trusted, high definition pictures of these wondrous creations to help me decide exactly what i ought be eating?!Shrimply the Best was the winner of the picture show. I find it hard to believe that i could have made a better choice. I wanted to take a picture myself, i truly did, but ordering take-out and that aroma in the car ride back to my house left no time to do anything once i got there but to bust down my front door, claim the nearest seat, and commence the assault.Bravo guys, really, bravo. I've already got my eye on the next sandwich i'll be trying: Thai chili lamb poboy. I love everything about every word in the name of that sandwich and it will be too much time until it Gets In My Bellyyy(Fat Bastard voice). Updates of all updates, coming soon.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/22/2014,98,1428,9,14,11>La Petite Grocery is as good as all of the stellar Yelpers who came before me make it out to be. No matter what others may claim, New Orleans, Louisiana is the best city for food on the planet. We do things differently here. Often times our conversations, and lives, revolve around food. That may seem odd to outsiders, but I think locals will understand what I mean. Sometimes a good restaurant is just what the doctor ordered. A great experience can turn around the most dour of moods, cheer you up when you're feeling down and, even if only for a moment, make you forget anything but that food experience. La Petite is one of those places.It is also one of the places that does an impressive, yet reasonable lunch menu. In fact, I am beginning to think that fancy places for lunch are even better than at dinner. It's less crowded, less expensive and you get the same top notch experience.My experience here began somewhat oddly. As soon as I parallel parked, I was approached by a street denizen asking me about a job. I humored him despite his obvious narcotic intoxication, but after a few minutes, I had enough. As soon as I brushed him aside and walked into the restaurant I was impressed. It wasn't over the top like some end places, but its subdued elegance immediately made me feel  comfortable. This is the kind of place I would have taken my dad had I known about it back when we used to eat lunch every week. In fact, this restaurant reminded me a lot of him despite us never having visited it together. I even think part of the reason I came here was because of his influence. OK, that's enough philosophical jibber jabber. On to the food!Get the cheeseburger. I realize you're in a high end restaurant and that seems counterproductive, but trust me on this. The burger at LPG is among the best in the city. If you had told me a few years ago that I would be drooling on my keyboard over a burger topped with arugula and onion marmalade, I would have laughed in your face. A few years ago I wouldn't have even known what arugula was, much less ordered it on a hamburger. But LPG knows what they are doing. One bite into this burger and all prior burger experiences disappeared from my mind. It was that good.The ambiance, food and service were beyond compare. If you can, you need to visit this restaurant as soon as possible. As for me, I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,4/4/2014,180,463,6,14,10>I'm a fan because of the seafood gumbo. They use real seafood pieces in the gumbo (There was some crab shell pieces in there, but I think it adds to the authenticity of the gumbo.). I've had other things here, but the seafood gumbo is my favorite things to get. Paired with some garlic bread, its a perfect solution to the cold weather. This is my favorite place for gumbo. - You should know that I don't use that phrase lightly.Pro-Tip: CASH ONLY. Don't get sucked in by the ATM monsters.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,4/3/2014,72,112,9,14,12>I couldn't believe my eyes when I walked into Blue Dot this morning. My eyes were still puffy from being rudely awoken by my 6yr old this morning saying, "MOM I WANT DONUTS!! You said we can get donuts on Saturday!" So I dragged myself out of bed at 7:30 on the one day I could be sleeping late this week and put on a jacket and headed to Blue Dot. I saw the line hanging out of the place last weekend so it's probably good I got there so early. The two cases of baked deliciousness are filled with so many donuts. It's really a beautiful eye opening sight! I got 6 glazed, then a variety for the other 6, the glazed wedding cake donut was really good, so was the apple crisp. The glazed are really good too! I won't compare it to District Donuts because theirs are just a different class of donuts, but for a regular non fancy style donut shop it's fantastic. We really needed something like this uptown. Haven't had fresh baked real donut shop donuts uptown since the Makenzie's on Prytania when I was a kid. I sure did make my boy happy when I brought home that box of sugar, and then I was awake from the yummy cup of coffee I got that went so well with the donuts. I will become a regular for sure!!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/2/2014,894,496,6,18,11>Why do I love Family Gras? Well I love the fact that the main focus of Family Gras is on the concerts and the parades. Where else in the world can you listen to FREE concerts while enjoying a Mardi Gras parade? Only in Metairie I say. I go to Family Gras every year and it's one of my favorite times of the Mardi Gras season. Since Family Gras started I've seen the Zac Brown Band, Little Big Town, Gavin De Graw, Natasha Beddingfield, We the Kings, Taylor Swift, Hot Chelle Rae, and some local singers (Amanda Shaw and Cowboy Mouth).This concert festival is very family friendly as the name suggests. They usually have a  kids area where they can do arts and crafts plus the kids love the parades. There are also food vendors to satisfy those cravings we all get when we are out and about. This is just a wonderful wonderful festival that caters to the whole family. Located on the huge median across the street from Lakeside Mall, Family Gras brings to focus what I consider some of the very best things about our city....MUSIC, MARDI GRAS, and FAMILY.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,4/1/2014,53,16,2,14,7>This place is SO awesome. I'll tell you why.1) The sushi is FRESH. Oh-so-fresh. Nothing worse than sushi that isn't fresh, and they are on point. And simple. They don't need a bunch of crazy ingredients to cover up poor quality fish, because it's not poor quality at all.2) Everything is DELICIOUS. Try the tuna cheek. And Pesce Hamachi. YUM!!3) Everything is made with love, and presented beautifully. You can tell they really put their heart and soul into what they're doing.4) The staff is extremely friendly and thorough.5) It's AFFORDABLE. Seriously, nothing is overpriced; especially for the high-quality ingredients which they very apparently use.This is, hands down, the best sushi in the city. I have found nothing even remotely comparable. It keeps getting better every time I go, too.The location is out of the way, but it keeps it from getting too busy (and keeps the price point low due to low overhead). It's worth the trip, though, and I really want this place to succeed so I can keep eating there. So, get your ass in your car, and go, for the sake of me and my sushi cravings!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,3/31/2014,15,123,2,6,3>I have run the 5k on Friday night for a few years, and it is by far my favorite local race. The races in NOLA have the standard post race snacks, water, beer, etc. Greek Fest also has gyros, baklava sundaes, greek music, and is a night race (bring some cash for the food). There is no better post race experience than sitting on the banks of Bayou St John drinking beer and eating a gyro. I have never gone back later in the weekend, but I can't imagine the experience would be much different.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,3/30/2014,35,70,,10,4>I love this place so much! I come here quite often, but not as often as I'd like.  Service is always great. The waitresses are so nice and make you feel at home. Food is delicious and not that expensive either! I always get the fried pickles as a starter and a Cup of Soup and 1/2 Po Boy combo - Shrimp and Corn Chowder with an Oyster Po Boy fully dressed. My favorite! Never had a bad experience here. Great food.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,3/29/2014,15,37,5,9,5>I'm from Los Angeles, so I'm really picky when it comes to good, authentic Mexican food. Juan's Flying Burrito is surprisingly refreshing and delicious. I've only been here twice, so I don't really understand the whole "punk" theme thing they have going on here. Some of the burritos have names like Veggie Punk burrito and the Squatter Punk Burrito or whatnot, and the bartender looks the part, but living only a few blocks away-- this is definitely a great place to come for a good meal. The frozen margaritas are pre-made in a daiquiri machine, and are really great as well. I recommend sitting at the bar for speedy service, but this is usually the case for any food joint. During the evening hours the waitresses are tattooed and sexy, but I don't have time for all of that. I sit at the bar and my burrito is typically made within 2 minutes. Not bad!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,3/28/2014,82,98,1,11,5>This place is a gem!! It incorporates two of my favorite things: weird art and walking outside. I can't believe I've lived here for over 3 years and never visited. Anyone visiting City Park or NOMA should take a detour and spend a while in here. The grounds are lovely and the art is interesting, at the very least. There is also a really nice bathroom facility at the front of the gardens. Major plus.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,3/27/2014,24,31,2,14,6>Went here today for the first time and it was a great experience from start to finish. Just FYI they mostly work by appointments so call ahead. I made the mistake of just walking in but Heather was really awesome and squeezed me in. They have a wide selection of colors and look as if they stay updated with the latest ones. The girls are all awesome as well. It felt like I was hanging with girlfriends. It's very laid back and the conversations are flowing leaving no topic off limits. They also had my favorite show streaming on the TV and are willing to change it to a certain episode or show if you like. Heather took the time to get to know me and reference me by name. She seems to have a relationship with all of her clients which is really important  in any business.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,3/26/2014,67,157,3,9,6>This is my favorite place to go when I'm drinking and watching football at publiq house down the street. You can't get anything bad. The selection is limited, but don't think that's a strike against this place. You can't get anything bad. The margarita is excellent, and I usually finish it off with a serving of the beignet bread pudding, which is out of this world.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,6/14/2012,348,319,4,4,6>Praaaavda.  A dark, skulky bar in the back of the French Quarter where you pound fine vodka and wear babushkahs.  I kid.  But it is Russian (think Ivan the Terrible, not Gorbachev) and dark and quiet.  I effing love it.  So do my parents.  Whenever they come into town, we always end up at Pravda.  My mom and dad have been coming to New Orleans on the reg for 10 years now and are less than impressed with the overweight tourists from Floribama showing their tittays for Bacardi Gras blinky beads.  We need order.  We need class.  We need fascinating conversation. And evidentially, we also need absinthe and an Irish coffee (both of which can be found at this fantastic establishment).Is this a 5 star bar? Nah, probably not.  But heavy usage has turned it into one of my all-time favorite hangouts in the Quarter.  With an atmosphere as rogue as the Red Army and hospitality enough to melt a thousand Siberian winters in even the most Soviet of hearts...I even bought my mom a gift certificate here for Christmas!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,6/13/2012,83,254,2,5,4>I have always loved this building and grounds but for some silly reason, never visited. When I was trying to figure out where I wanted to have my wedding, this lovely place popped into my mind. Did you know that beyond the main building there are several smaller buildings that feature rotating exhibits? Me neither! The paintings and photographs on display are wonderful examples of local art so I highly recommend a visit just for that.If you want to plan an event, Jonn and his staff are outstanding. Everything went better than I could have imagined and together we danced the night away to the sounds of the brass band. Perfection.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,6/12/2012,147,473,,9,4>In Italy one cannot walk more than a block without passing a couple of places like this, yet some how here in New Orleans (a city with a sizable Italian ancestry), this is the only place of its kind. As the competition is limited (also because of the use of what seemed to be quality ingredients) the prices is a bit higher than one might expect -- Paninis start at $10 here for example. I really like the food and it is just a couple of blocks from my house, but I just can't justify paying twice as much as a poboy for a sandwich here very frequently.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,6/11/2012,64,156,3,8,6>om.nom.nom.Just ordered a cheese pizza and two orders of garlic knots for my roommates and I. Even though I was a little late picking it up, my order was ready and all of the employees were super nice and helpful.Once I got home (after a torturous car ride) my roommates and I immediately descended upon the pizza (which was more than enough for four people with big appetites). It is, without a doubt, the best pizza I have ever had in New Orleans. Hands down. Pizza Delicious, you win.I'm a New Yorker. I'm snobby as hell about my pizza. But this was effing. delicious. My Philidelphian roommate agreed that it's just like the pizza up North.The garlic knots were small but an order is plentiful, and they were deeeelicious (though really, is it possible to mess up garlic knots?)It was $20 for two orders of garlic knots and a gigantic (18") pizza, which I think is pretty reasonable for the quality. I will most definitely be back. Pizza Delicious has ruined me for all other pizza in New Orleans.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,6/10/2012,257,566,9,14,11>Oh my goodness. Thank you, Yelpers! I grew up in Kingston, Ontario. There, you will find a different Chinese restaurant every few blocks. Real, authentic, delicious Chinese food. Something I haven't been able to find since moving to New Orleans... until today. A run-down strip mall in Kenner has the best Chinese food in the Metro area. Who would have guessed??? I never would have found it, had I not seen the amazing previous Yelp reviews. My in-laws swear by Five Happiness, which in my opinion is just glorified take out quality Chinese on a plate at 3x the price of any hole in the wall take out joint.This is 100000x better than Five Happiness.There is a separate Chinese menu, but until I learn how to read Chinese, I think I'm out of luck for that one. Luckily, I was able to find several delicious options on the regular menu. The portions were large enough that I have leftover Chinese food for lunches this weekend, and everything was reasonably priced. For 2 of us, we managed to leave with a $29 bill before tip. That included drinks, soup for two, and two entrees. Not bad at all! The interior decor leaves something to be desired. However, everything was clean, and the staff is friendly. The older lady, who I assume may be one of the owners, made sure to stop us and ask if everything was good on our way out.I will definitely be back... repeatedly.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,6/9/2012,42,99,8,12,5>First, let me say a few words regarding the negative reviews.  I think, for the most part, those writing these reviews just don't get it, or maybe even don't get New Orleans.  This place is a time-warp, and an endangered species.  I can understand that some people do not like old-school places like Dempsey's- I would suggest that you just don't go if you're built that way.  Now, to the reviewers who felt they didn't get quality food: I really question that sentiment, having been a regular here for at least 20 years.  In those 20 years, I've never had a meal that wasn't at least above-average, and I can be highly critical.  I'll be the first to bitch the second Dempsey's lets me down, but 20 years of consistency is a damned good track record.  The place is like the fried yat version of Galatoire's.   Ok, got that off my chest- now to the review at hand.I don't think I mentioned it before, but Jack Dempsey's clientele is always an even mixture of white yats and black folks, mostly from the 9th ward, Bywater, and St. Bernard parish, with a sprinkling of occasional yuppies, guppies, and yat yuppies looking for some good cholesterol.  We're all sitting comfortably together, like a good gumbo. Old photos of St. Pat's day celebrations, TV sets, and neon signs adorn the walls.  Tables have red plastic tablecloths with huge squeeze bottles of tartar sauce and remoulade on them.  This is serious blue-collar eating, but very high quality.  Let me explain how I know this place is 5 stars- growing up in New Orleans, my parents dragged me to virtually every fried seafood joint in town, and I've been to many since. Dempsey's blows them all away, except for one- I'd say they're in a tie with Middendorf's in Manchac (which is really not in town- it's a pilgrimage, but that's for another review) quality-wise.  The fact that Dempsey's is right down the street from our house makes it even better for us.  Tonight's meal was perfection, as usual.  Had the "1/2 catfish, 1/2 erstas plattah" with a side of mac and cheese.  Perfect color, crispness, texture, and flavor.  Also had the obligatory frosty mug of Abita to go with it.  Our usual waitress, Cherine, wasn't there tonight.  A new waitress named Tammy served us, and she was awesome too. They're really all very friendly.  As we were leaving we were pushing on the door, and it wouldn't open. This yatty waitress says "pull the leavah!"  I had forgotten that the door locks after 9, and you have to crank down on this lever lock that came right out of the 1950's.  She jokingly said, "Ya gotta stay if it don't work.  At least we got a lotta food. heh heh heh heh."  Indeed they do- great food, and completely New Orleans.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,6/8/2012,62,448,6,9,7>My new neighborhood bar, I am proud to say. Found it on a walk to Carrollton and thought at first it was a garage. Peeked in and saw a fabulous woman smoking a cigarette in a long Cruella Deville-type holder, sitting at a bar being served a martini and knew where we would be later that night, when the Thirst was upon us.A TV in the corner and a couch against the wall add to the "basement bunker" vibe but the bar - the physical bar itself, is wider and longer than your average bar. It's like space has been stretched on the inside, like in "House of Leaves" or something - how can all THAT fit in THIS little shack? It was quiet as it was early when we arrived. Had a nice chat with the bartenderess, who made me a lovely, buttery, cheap hot toddy, followed by an awkward chat with the very drunk fellow to our right, and then off we went on our merry little collective way. New favorite bar.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2011,6/7/2012,55,78,4,29,15>Ok, so I'm probably going to catch hell for this, but...This place is pretty cool.  I like the new Wild Lotus yoga studio, and hopefully I will like the Food Co-op that I've been a member of for the past five or so years.  I think it's open now, so I'm gonna go by there soon.  This place seems really cool, for what it is: a resource for the higher-income white people who are slowly but surely taking over the Marigny and Bywater.This place is supposed to be some kind of "healing" facility for the community (also, what is this supposed to be "healing?"  Are we still trying to capitalize off of Katrina?  Look, most of you were only tangentially affected by the storm, if you even lived in the area at that time.  People aren't loling about in gruesome throes of misery because of a disaster that happened 6 years ago.  Those who ARE suffering are suffering in poverty, as they always have, because we live in a fundamentally unjust society.  A building isn't going to change that.).  Now, I do think that's an honorable purpose, but really, when I step back and look at it, it ultimately just seems like a symptom of gentrification.  The patronage is decidedly white, middle-class, educated non-natives.  Sure, they might be low-income, but we all know that we were raised with a certain level of privilege that the community we're pushing out of the area were not.  Granted, I'm broke, and I'm from New Orleans.  But I won't deny that we were at least lower-middle class for the majority of the time I was growing up. Does this really contribute anything to the residents of this area who are NOT middle-class white artists?  I'm not sure.  As for the Co-op, it's NOT the first grocery store in the area since Katrina.  Sav-a-Lot is right down Franklin, and it is CHEAP.  I can hear people screaming "BUT YOU CAN'T GET POMEGRANATE TEA AT SAV-A-LOT!!"  Well, you know, when you have kids to feed, and generations of systemized oppression have kept you and your family in a state of poverty, your parents AREN'T professionals, a Bryn Mawr education WASN'T in the cards for you, and you don't have time to create art because you have to work your ass off at a shitty job that provides no benefits, the availability of organically grown fair-trade coffee isn't a dealbreaker when you're choosing a grocery store.  Sav-a-Lot is cheap as hell.  I bet the Food Co-Op is awesome, and I'm glad to have another grocery within walking distance besides Mardi Gras Zone, but really yall, don't make this out to be some kind of answer to the neighborhood's food-desert problem.I've thought about what this place could do to be a community center that genuinely benefited the residents of the lake side of St. Claude.  I think it would be cool if there was a low-cost childcare program that operated not only during the 9-5 workday, but in the evenings as well, because most low-income people don't get those sweet 9-5 shifts.  I also think it would be cool if there were some kind of adult literacy classes and maybe some kind of service where people can get help making a resume and filling out job applications...and a lot of people that totally qualify for assistance in one form or another (Medicaid, etc.), but they can't figure out the application system (understandably).    It would also be helpful to have volunteer tutors/homework help for students, and  maybe some kind of teen center/program/basketball goal in the parking lot/whatever.And look, I love Wild Lotus, but those prices, while discounted, are in no way within reach to people who are actually low income (and NOT choosing to live in a warehouse and make art while working as a bike delivery guy).  I mean, the by-donation classes are super cool, but I've never seen anyone attending them who, you know, wasn't someone I also see buying gourmet coffee drinks.  Is this stuff advertised?  I live 2 blocks away and I have an internet connection, and I'm not sure, so I can only imagine how much of this information is actually making it across St. Claude into the homes of the residents it claims to want to benefit.  The building is beautiful, and I really, really hope it ends up doing what it promises.  But really, I just don't see this uniting the neighborhoods in any real way, or serving the majority of the community, who I'm guessing doesn't really give a shit about a trendy juice bar and another quirky cafe.  I see it being a wonderful addition to the Marigny/Bywater, I see it helping to revive that dying commercial stretch of St. Claude, and I see it bringing a lot of convenience and joy to those of us who, frankly, find those two things relatively easy to come by.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,6/6/2012,58,224,5,6,8>Man this place is cool to walk around. Its free, its open most days, and sometimes they have private events at the park which are pretty fun too. The pieces are pretty interesting and fun to look at and pontificate on what the artists were thinking. My favorite is the ladder to nowhere. The park is well taken care of, and you can even do some paddleboating around the garden if you want. It's def a place to check out and show off to visitors.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,6/5/2012,34,31,7,6,6>"5 stars?? Really?? Nick did you hit your head??"  Come on!  it's a bar.  Lets give it five stars for doing a $h1t hot job at its only roll in life, being a bar.  What defines a five star bar?? Glad you asked...Smoke...  checkEnough alcohol to kill a herd of elephants...  check156 televisions...  checkCrazy Neanderthals screaming at those 156 televisions (see above) even though the televisions can't hear them...  checkOh and we can't forget, oysters...  check5 star bar ladies and neanderthals!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,1/22/2011,247,132,3,4,3>The name may elude to the idea of high-class, fancy-pants-ery; but then the mismatched geography of the bar sets into mind and you realize it's a mockery. At least, that's what happened to me.       It's in the middle of Mid City. Better yet, it's in the middle of a neighborhood of Mid City. Located a few blocks from Canal on St. Patrick's Street, it's anything but fancy-pantsy. Therefore, I'm all for it.   Basically the MCYC is a 2 story house, with a fully operational bar on the bottom level (someone's obviously got a Peter Griffin in their family). Parking is throughout the neighborhood, and the clientele are mostly neighbors and kids looking for a new low profile hang out.   There's a cute, small dog that roams around the bar, and I get the feeling it's there to scope out the crazies. It works too. This dog has a sharp eye for weirdos. It's very affectionate to the right people though.      MCYC has a strong, warm vibe to it. Maybe it's because it's in a house, or maybe it's the run down neighborhood feel. I'd like to go back sometime soon to play some pool and darts. I can see my crew and I becoming regulars here.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2010,1/21/2011,218,96,5,6,6>This place reminds me of  what it must be like when you need "A FIX". You know you need to be going home because 1. you haven't been able to walk for the last 2 hours 2. they have stopped serving you on Bourbon (that's really bad) and 3. your ride left you at 2 AM... BUT being that party animal you are, you can NOT fight the urge to come here. So, you go... you pay $10 cover at 2 AM. You dance to the best New Orleans hip hop (and really they do have the best stuff) and it feels like its 12 AM... and you don't stumble out until 6AM.Drinks are still cheap cause you just left the quarter where a well is $7. You may even meet a late night hook up, if your into that sort of thing. If you're up for it and still have anything left in you, go. Although KNOW its packed before you waste your time... one time I paid the cover for it to NEVER get packed. NEVER. The bathrooms... eeekkkk. They may or may not have doors. And you may or may not see two people of opposite sexes getting it on. Other than that, Good Times. Good times.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,1/20/2011,154,99,2,4,3>Too many times Ive gone to Japanese resturants and no one who works there speaks or are Japanese. But this place is different. I order in Japanese, the food is authentic, and the karaoke is fun! If there is one thing you must order, it is the ramen. This is not your typical cup noodle either. This is real, big bowl with big pieces of meat and real noodle, ramen. It's the same stuff you would find in Japan. Another thing to keep in mind is that you can rent a private Karaoke room where food and drinks are also served. This is great for parties and impressing future partners with your lyrical skills. Just remember that the more you drink, the better of a singer you become. Now, the only criticsm I have is that I would like to see more variety on the food menu and more authentic Japanese Izakaya dishes.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,1/19/2011,62,70,5,4,5>I have the convenience of living walking distance from this fine institution. While it was a place I used to frequent in my pre-kid days, I hardly ever grace the doors of SNJ's. But, oh how I miss it. I work service industry and I also have a dog. My old routine was come home, change into something comfy and walk my dog, stopping off in here for my post work beer and shot of Jameson. This place is very dog friendly.  It's also so dark in Snakes that you can wear no makeup and sweat pants.  And look hot!  Christmas lights are very flattering.Anyway, I digress, the beer is kept on ice so it's always cold.  The bartenders range from surly (Andre), to entertaining (Andrew), and Lori plays the best music.I've sat by Chris Rose, I've sat next to WWOZ dj's, and I heard a tale that Jeremy Shocky was in there pretty recently.  The crowd can also vary from SIN workers, Students (they have 1$ Schlitz), neighborhood folks to local celebrities.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2010,1/18/2011,83,254,2,4,2>Highlights were the shrimp and pork meatballs on the lemongrass skewers and creamy crab toast. The breaded artichoke was pretty boring and awfully stringy but the lemon aioli was a bright spot. The steak tartare was fine but there was so much caper and pepper and so on that it detracted from the beef. If there was actually even any beef at all, I'm not sure. I'm kicking myself for not trying to soup of the day, a hot and sour soup with duck dumplings.My dinner was perfectly passable, fish "Muddy Waters" (which is a meuniere with jalapeno and anchovy) with roasted potatoes, except I didn't care for the fish of the day...tripletail.  I usually hate five-spice powder but T's Chinese duck was very tasty, if a little small, as was the accompanying turnip cake. C. got a steak with bearnaise and OOOOH, I cannot get enough of tarragon lately. I don't even know how the steak was because I focused on those lovely, licorice-like, grassy bits of tarragon in the sauce. E.got a lovely lamb with ricotta agnolloti that might be what I order next time I'm in. For dessert, lemon tart, coconut sorbet and sweet potato-pecan pie with almond-sherry ice cream. Sorbet (good) lemon tart (uh, lemony?) sweet-potato pecan pie with ice cream was STELLAR. I really liked the ice cream, the sherry complemented the almond so well and the almonds tasted deep and toasty.All in all, a very nice meal, although we wanted a perhaps finer dining experience than they offer. We were looking for some port or sherry after dinner, no such luck.   Anyway, next time I'll forgo the high-brow meal experience and sit at the bar with a glass of wine and a pizza from the wood-burning oven. Oh, and those meatballs!d
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2010,1/17/2011,272,184,3,8,4>Drove past on my way to brunch (cupcakes at Cake Cafe for Lady Gaga's birthday, just so you know!), and walked over afterwards. I had never seen this before, but apparently it's been going on since last October! A little gathering in a parking lot of various vendors, the Marigny's own outdoor market is sponsored by Old New Orleans Rum (whose banner waves above the rum punch booth) and Artist Inc. Vendors sell everything from handmade and vintage clothing and jewelry to antiques (lots of cute hats and glassware), books and political pamphlets, a little bit of food, and a little bit of music from two calm looking hippies. I believe a xylophone was involved. (There's a full list of vendors at the Facebook event linked as website). I got 3 things from the book vendor man: 2 Edward Gorey reissues and a Showdown in Desire (about the Black Panthers and NOPD showdown in the Desire projects in 1970) for $5 each. That's half the price of those books themselves and they were brand new. It's open both Saturday and Sunday from 11am-3pm every week! The location is the corner of Chartres and Elysian Fields.By the way, the Categories is getting really confusing. I spent way too long trying to figure out how to find "Farmer's Market" before giving up, so someone please change it?
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2010,1/16/2011,22,29,5,9,6>Gentlemen of New Orleans,   If you have a special lady (or man) that you want to wine and dine without maxing out your credit card, take them to La Crepe Nanou.  I had been admiring the restaurant from the outside every time I had downgraded my dinner plans to Pizza Hut.  A year and a half after moving to NOLA, I finally made my first trip to La Crepe Nanou, and I anticipate many more visits.  The atmosphere and ambiance is romantic, intimate, and very NYC.  From the curtain at the entrance, the mostly 2-4 tops, dim red lighting and mirrors, I often thought I had been transported to a chic Greenwich hotspot.  One of my favorite things about La Crepe Nanou is the unpretentious wine list.  When entree prices do not top $25, there is no need for a $50-$100 wine list. We enjoyed a White Burgundy which was not memorable, but not bad and complimented our dinner.  We started with the mussels, and were not disappointed.  For dinner, I ordered the Crepe aux Ecrevisses (crawfish tail crepe w/ lobster sauce) and my date had the Crepe au Poulet (chicken in white wine sauce).  The crepes were large and stuffed to the brim.  I assume my date enjoyed his, because it had vanished from his plate in a matter of minutes.  The crawfish crepe was savory and delicious and a big enough portion for me to require a to-go box.  For dessert, we again ordered a crepe, the Crepe Calvados, with the sweet brandy and apple flambe.  The presentation of lighting the crepe was great, however if the brandy portion was halved, I could have eaten the crepe without my eyes watering and feeling like I am taking a shot of whiskey with each bite.    Last, but certainly not least, the service was perfect.  Attentative, timely, and not at all imposing.  Our server was helpful in recommending dishes.   I will definitely be back to La Crepe Nanou.  I am excited about exploring both the crepes and entree items while I am living here in NOLA.  So if there are any gentlemen callers out there, you know where to take me!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,1/15/2011,26,23,2,2,4>MVB (Most Valuable Burger) is something of an oasis. In a city of amazing and gluttonous eateries, it is rather hard to be surprised by a restaurant. Food quality is important, and these guys can make a very quality burger. However, my attraction to this new pop-up restaurant is... FUN. There is something about the gorilla food scene that makes dining a little more adventurous. While the truth is that the secret about this place is largely out, you still feel a little "in the know" when you walk through the doors. These guys are clearly in it for the love. They aren't trying to be the most extravagant burger in the city or the next franchise to-be. They are holding true to their mission of bringing a moderately priced quality burger to New Orleans that isn't produced by a bar.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,1/14/2011,162,269,7,10,7>Any store with the quality and style of merchandise that this particular Buffalo Exchange has runs the risk of turning into a hipster island, filled with holier-than-thou 80s fashion and lots of noses being looked down. Instead--quite refreshingly--this store is stuffed with hip, sexy, cool stuff and staffed by people who just like fashion. Sure, they're hip looking. Yes, they may be hipsters. But damn if they weren't actually nice instead of pulling the "Gosh, I'm just cooler than you" shit. The woman at the cash register was bouncy and straight forward, explaining the pricing system and the token thing. When we questioned the price of a pair of shoes (on the wrong rack), she was polite and professional. Not once did she make me feel stupid. It was so nice. I was a little disappointed in the selection of fat girl sizes, but I know that depends greatly on the day. I'll check back for more good stuff in the future, and I may even sell some of my own clothes that have long bored me. And how do I know there wasn't a large selection of my size? Because everything was where it should be. Magical. Accessibility notes: Step up into the store. Narrow doorway. Changing rooms are large enough for mobility devices or assistance. Shelves extend up the entire wall so some items may be out of reach for seated customers.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,1/13/2011,30,32,10,9,7>I'm currently sampling neighborhood bars before I commit to a regular haunt. In a process reminiscent of my freshman year of college, my intention was to take my time, play the field for a while, and then just maybe, allow myself to be wooed. And also like my freshman year, my best (ahem) laid plans were sabotaged by my early interaction with an irresistibly charming contestant. (Lets just hope I don't regret this one.)First impression: The name. Lost Love Lounge. Swoon. Second impression: Has got it goin' on. Tuesdays - ComedyWednesdays - Spelling BeeThursdays - Massage or manicureSundays - TV night (often HBO shows) / Pinewood DerbyThe pinewood derby is a newer offering, and the weekly lineup for these events could change, but their website is regularly updated with info on events and drink specials.  Third impression: Has lots of books. And a *big* bookshelf. The plan was to have a book trade thing going. But I talked to one of the owners (who initially stocked the entire shelf with his own books!), and apparently romance novels were being traded for good books. He was concerned about the quality of the collection deteriorating, so I'm not sure what the policy will be in the future. Fourth impression: Pho King is good.I'm no expert on Vietnamese food, but so far I've enjoyed Pho King (in the back of the bar). And I'm sure you'll enjoy Pho King as well. In fact, I bet you won't be able to get enough Pho King. So, yeah, I'm sold on Lost Love Lounge, and expect that it will continue to hold my affection, making it difficult to play the neighborhood bar field.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,4/10/2012,352,744,2,7,4>I just started taking classes at Life about two weeks ago and I love it so much. First of all, the classes are only $6 for students, which truly can't be beat. As much as I may love other studios (Balance Yoga Wellness!), I can't always afford a $15 class. They only have one room, but it is a beautiful, spacious, well-lit room. I have so far had a fantastic experience with all instructors. The Pilates Mat and Disco Sculpt (Lela is amazing) classes are great workouts. I love the Vinyasa Flow classes, and I just tried Funky Flow with Alexis which was so fun. This morning I tried Jivamukti with Libby which may have been my favorite one so far. It was fluid and challenging and the aromatherapy and singing parts were the final perfect touches. They have $5 community classes on Saturday and Sunday mornings, and make every effort to get involved with their students. They have a blog with detox diets, 30 day yoga challenge program (which I really hope I can do in September when I come back to New Orleans!), a twitter, etc. This is a great studio and I highly recommend it. Also, park on Octavia!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,4/9/2012,68,139,7,4,4>Man...I really neglected my Yelp duties...I've got plenty of catching up to do.Yeah...5 stars, I know...but I have to somehow justify the amount of time I've been spending there.Cheap-ass beer is a requirement for me, as I am a man of simple means, and these folks got it.  3 different sized draft cups AND pitchers!  You could (and probably will) get pretty shit-hammered on just what's left in your pockets from earlier in the night.  Because Kajun's is best experienced later-on.  I've been going "earlier" and I still try not to get there before midnight.The people here are generally nice (and incredibly diverse), which is good because there's often a whole bunch of 'em...another reason I like to go later...weeds out the light-weights and opens up more places to set your drink.  Carrying around a pitcher of beer just makes me feel like too much of a drunk....but I saved the best for last:  the karaoke.  They got the fancy touch screen so you can search though the catalog without hassling the DJ and you get your own login and everything.  This comes in handy because you can browse your history and fill in the gaps of your spotty memory.  They also have wireless mics and two conveniently located screens.Basically, this is THE karaoke bar as far as I'm concerned.  The atmosphere is laid back enough that you'll enjoy embarrassing yourself and the clientele is varied enough that you won't hear the same bullshit over and over.Just don't blame me if you end up staying until they shut the machine off and wake up in some random place in the Bywater.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,4/8/2012,42,78,10,10,7>I'm working on a movie idea (financiers take note). Its called -Get me to the Piazza d-Italia, and step on it...With cameras filming, we get into cabs all around the French Quarter and even within a block of the Piazza, we toss the driver a fifty, tell him that its an emergency and we must get there immediately...and then film his shrug of confusion as he likely has never heard of what was once to be one of the most important tourist landmarks in New Orleans and now is a symbol for what is so lovably wrong with our city. Comedy gold.Ambling about drunkenly through the CBD me and my besodden friends bumped into it and my friends (who amongst them have probably lived here a total of 80 years, were all like: WTF? What is that? Forget about cherishing what is called Post Modern Architectures first ruin, many have no clue it even exists. Nobody except me, the Yale Architecture school, and various drunken vagrants (I fit 2 of those categories).Piazza d-Italia rules. Its a swimming hole, Its a sitting park, It even has a giant clock. And columns. Since that was not quite enough, a few years ago they added a bunch of neon. Cant have too much neon. Somehow this oddity was supposed to have led to the redevelopment of the entire CBD, become a jam packed tourist attraction and serve as a tribute to the contributions of Italians and Sicilians to our city (muffalettas, St Josephs day, WOP salads, Irenes and naked ladies on Bourbon Street to name a few).Its actually a really pleasant place to relax, city fenced it in so its closed after dark now. I took that personally, as near as I can tell I was the only person who was ever there at night, but it is another key component in understanding New Orleans...mainly that if something wasnt built by 1936 in this city, it is doomed to failure. 4x over budget, looted for copper many times, and just a crazy idea that shockingly didnt catapult New Orleans into the future.Not sure if this review expresses my love for the Piazza, come to think of it, dont bother going out of your way to see it, its charm is in the fact that for all intensive purposes, it doesn't really exist.(PS, someone finance my movie...for serious, itll be awesome.)
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,4/7/2012,71,130,6,13,11>Coming off my third visit here, I can't say enough good things about Arnaud's French 75. The ambiance is both inviting and romantic with the decor harkening from 1920's motifs and designs. Since there are only a few tables open at any time, I have never seen the bar "packed" only full. My favorite seat being in the back corner near the cigar case, so you can get an entire view of the space and people. All these aspects make it ideal for unwinding and enjoying the company of friends. Also, with the relaxed atmosphere it is easy to strike up a conversation with neighbors, and learn new things about the city.  My routine for the French 75 always seems to include an Old Fashioned and cigar after a dinner in the Quarter. Although, during my last visit I branched out and explored the cocktail menu, which were all well made and enjoyable. The bartenders all know their craft, and wait on you attentively. As always I'm looking forward to my next date at Arnaud's French 75.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,4/6/2012,114,467,9,13,13>It earned the final star! Went here today even though the girly wasn't 100% behind the choice. She wanted to go to Gatusso's...go figure. Anyway, I was driving so for once, I won. *Yay for winning!* One or two eye-rolls later, we got there.When we walked in, it was about 3/4ths full. A pretty good mix of people. While our waitress was not great, the rest of the experience was awesome. The girly ordered a pulled pork and meatball Banh mi and I got a bowl (pho) with everything. We decided to split some bun with grilled shrimp.Of course my pho was beautiful. Seriously...I said beautiful. Perfect except for my normal need to add fish sauce, a bit of hoisin and chili paste...but not normal chili paste. It seems someone makes this stuff at home and it's like chirashi but it's actually better.The girly loved her sammach and we both liked the bun (but the girly wished there were more grilled shrimps in it. Let me just say that even if she had the bowl all to herself, she wanted MORE grilled shrimp). She even ate the tails...btw, the tails were AWESOME. The fried red onion was perfection in the bun.There was some kind of food show filming bits there. We probably won't be on there due to the HUGE pile of napkins I had to use due to slurping on some awesome pho. While I was there, I saw someone at the counter talking to one of the owners. Some people call him Uncle (After this visit, I just might do that too). Being me ( a chili-head) I saw two people talking about a pepper so I HAD to invite myself into the convo. The guy let me cut the pepper in half and try it as long as I saved the seeds for him. I managed to cut it and save 10-20 seeds and still gave the man back enough to make him happy. He talked to uncle and then stopped by our booth to chat. I mentioned that the chili was tasty but not hot enough for me to even drink my tea...Once "uncle" got the idea that the pepper wasn't hot enough for me (or the Girly, who put her Tomboy pants on and just grabbed some for herself). He went back into the kitchen and cut up what I can possibly identify as an orange habanero.and gave it to us to try. I think he was surprised and also disappointed that we both liked the pepper but didn't sweat .Later on, the girly decided that since she was a mac daddy, she could totally eat just the pepper. Almost burned herself into the booth...I love this woman and was so proud of her Tomboy balls..I am still not sure she properly regrets it yet. Tomorrow morning, we will know. I do know that her Tomboy-balls failed and she had me get her some flan because she needed the dairy to sooth her hot mouth. :)Here is the thing...you can be treated like a regular or even family in this little unassuming restaurant that is really becoming a country-wide favorite and has been featured in movies and tv and my fondest dreams for 20 YEARS. Just have an open mind...don't be a purist since the best restaurants understand and adapt to their clientele instead of dictating to them what they NEED to like. Don't be racist and complain that the "owner is white so it's not "real" Pho. He's married to a lovely Vietnamese woman and it's her family recipes. Good solid food at a good price.This lunch not only fed our tummies, but the peppers actually gave us such an endorphin rush, we stayed in a great mood all day.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2012,4/5/2012,107,129,5,10,8>Three. Dollar. Sandwich.Sure I've had takeout from the restaurant, and it was good. I can't complain, but if you have $5 and want to be in and out while still having enough money for two lottery tickets then this is the place for you.Maybe not that simple, since they do make your sandwich to order and allow for custom choices and there are a lot of menu choices. Personally I'm a fan of the Vietnamese pork, it has done me well on several occasions. If you're stuck in the east this is another good stop for lunch.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,4/4/2012,218,209,3,14,7>My favorite new spot! Love Love Love boutique hotels. Kind of reminds me of  a Miami spot..It is located directly next to the SAVVY Ritz Carlton and other prominent hotels. Who Dat wouldn't love a hotel named  'Saint'?  Shortly, people will be buzzing about this place.  It's gorgeous and oh so fabulous. The theme that comes to mind is "Ambiance with flair'.  We had a drink at the Burgundy Bar. Can't miss it!! It was Burgundy.  The bartenders had personality and knowledge of the cocktails they served. We had the best time. The bartender even gave us a tour of a room.Here's a night for you: Streetcar ride to Canal, Conversation and quick bite at (Teddy's) Roosevelt, Drinks and live music at the Ritz, then more drinks at the Saint Hotel. Start during daylight, it will be fun - I promise. Halo Rooftop bar -Can't wait to check you out! This place has style. I would love for you to give it a whirl.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2011,4/3/2012,179,277,7,10,9>While I mean no disrespect to them po boy, I often grow weary of 6 inches of French bread topped with fried seafood. A good non-poboy sandwich isn't easy to find in this city, but I do believe I've found the sandwich mecca: Cochon Butcher. The menu here is simple and to the point: bar food - which are basically appetizers, sandwiches, and cocktails. I opted for a daily special, roast beef with blue cheese, braised greens, blue cheese and fried onions on rye. Truly sublime. A worthy competitor to the 'wiches at St. James Cheese Company with less pretention and fewer "ladies who lunch."Looking forward to coming back and having a few of their creative cocktails.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,4/1/2012,27,136,2,7,3>Sunday morning driving around looking for a new place for breakfast.  Here enters Fat Spoon Cafe!We had a good idea that maybe this was just the place to be as we saw cars entering and exiting, the parking lot was pretty filled up.  Do we have a winner here??To answer that question, why yes, YES we do!  We were warmly greeted as we entered and informed sit where ever we like,  Quickly someone was at our table taking our drink orders.  Very quick and prompt service for sure.Checking the menu there were several items we were wanting to try but for me to find out if this is going to be a "go to" breakfast place for me, they need to have good eggs benedict and that they did.My BF gave the Fat Spoon Stackers a try and oh my, lets just say the plate is loaded with food.  The biscuit looks to be about a mile high and delicious.I also upped my side of grits with debris and now were talking.I've included a few photos of our meal.  Needless to say my BF's plate was cleaned while mine, I just couldn't get it all down.   But I did give it my best try.Everyone was friendly, social and very welcoming.  Service was fast, food was excellent, honestly you can't get much better.I'm looking forward to giving their lunch menu a try.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,3/31/2012,53,105,11,8,8>Don't hate, appreciate this all girl conglomerate.Muses is where I gets my shoeses.  The pussyfooters and the camel toe steppers ascension definitely keeps all the men standing at attention.  The floats are amazing, the themes are witty, and pardon my phrasing but the crowds are shitty.   An all girl parade the way it should be done; glamorous, funky and a whole bunch of fun.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,2/12/2011,37,68,2,3,2>A great little Mid-City cafe/breakfast joint worth checking out if you're hungry for a tasty, Tex-Mex(y) breakfast for cheap.If you're looking for a small boost to start your morning, I recommend the "Blue Bird Special", a breakfast burrito with egg, chorizo, salsa and a cup of joe for $5.  It's perfect.  Any of their other items are delicious and affordable as well, especially the omelets and donuts.  BIG note:  If the place is crowded, be prepared to potentially wait a while!  I know I will ask ahead next time if there is a long line of tickets ahead of my order because I waited nearly an hour for a burrito.Stop by and check out the scene.  If it's looking slow, or you have a lazy Sunday, stop in and enjoy some great breakfast food with a subtle Tex-Mex twist!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,2/11/2011,180,463,3,7,3>I usually wait for reviews until after i've been a few times. But I think this place deserves a review now. i was warned that the food can be a bit pricey, which is true. I ordered the Cheesecake with pomegranate sauce. So good and creamy, and large enough to share even if you are a piggy (which i can attest to being every now and then.) - about $8. The chilled corn soup with vidalia onion relish was really good - about $5 for a cup size- but really worth the money. very good and refreshing. People in our group ordered a few other things, and they said it was all yummy. I arrived during happy hour, and thus only ordered from the happy hour cocktail menu. They offer pimm's cup, sazerac, some sort of monkey/mule named drink, some sort of house white and red wine, and about 2-3 more drink options. I started with a Pimm's and it had a bit more juice than i would have preferred, but it was a good way to start the night. Next, I didn't know what a sazerac was, so I ordered that. After a sip, i knew it wasn't my kind of drink, all whiskey with a splash of other stuff. I passed it onto a friend who loved it. I finished my hour with another pimm's cup. Yum! best of all, the waitresses were patient with out group of 15, several of whom had separate tabs.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,2/10/2011,23,494,4,6,8>For my 200th review I had to choose something fun, girlie, and totally NOLA. What better than a review of the Krewe of Muses?  This is one of my favorite parades for several reasons, some of the best/creative throws of all the parades (aside from the beloved ZULU coconut) for me, it's a celebration of women in NOLA, and its a night parade (which I love). Muses does not disappoint. I was involved in Muses in the early days 2000, 2001 and 2002 and I dearly miss it.  Has it really been 11 years?  They always highlight amazing women.Such an great experience to even be on a Mardi Gras float, not to mention on one with a Krewe that truly loves the city.  Muses is one of those Krewes that really strives to glorify NOLA, Mardi Gras, and give back all at the same time.  Cheers to the Muses ladies as I cant wait to see what they have on tap for us this year, and I will be trying my hardest to get my daughter a shoe!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,2/9/2011,83,80,2,10,5>My roommate and I have almost finished an entire cream cheese king cake from this awesome gem in NO East (way out on Chef) within the last 24 hours. Definitely the freshest, yummiest king cake I've had. The icing on top is light and fluffy - not goopy, sticky and heavy like most, the sugar adds texture and somehow actually tastes good not just like food colored granules. And the cake is moist and delicious - not dry or overly sweet. While I'm a new resident, I've had my share over the years and I believe their king cakes must be one of this city's best kept secrets. Plus, at $12 they are even affordable!Not to mention, I am uber excited about my new gig at a school out in the East this winter cuz I get to have their slammin' banh mi sandwiches for lunch at least once a week. They fill their freshly baked baguette on premises (which you can buy 3 for $1 while there to make your own sammys at home) with a smear of butter-tinted mayo, nice hearty slice of cucumber, healthy handful of carrots, full sprigs of cilantro, several slices spicy peppers and delicious meats (I always get the grilled pork). I love me some banh mi, and this is about as good as it gets. $2.85 is average price, but head and shoulders above others I've had in NOLA and elsewhere.Make the trek out to the East, it's worth it!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,2/8/2011,42,72,3,6,7>Looking for a sequin bra? (Don't be ashamed, I was too). Well, you're in luck because Uptown Costume has a very nice selection of them in sizes S, M, and L for around $30!! Beautiful wig selection of short hair, long hair, curly hair, in a variety of fun colors. AND you can try them on, which is extremely helpful if you'd like to see what you'd look like with short neon green hair. (Don't be ashamed, I did too). I think the prices start on those at about $20 and up, mostly in the $25-$35 range. Pretty reasonably priced accessories too! An assortment of tights for about $6 and fun vintage earrings (about $14 and under). Many are clip ons and you just might see the same pair on a drag queen. My friend and I were basically having a small heart attack every aisle we turned at seeing the next fun thing. They have a bunch of costumes, but not really what I was in the store for, so I pretty much just ignored them and searched for the next shiny thing I could find.YAY for Mardi Gras costume shopping! I got a bunch of inspiration from stepping into this store!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,2/7/2011,154,280,4,12,8>What I love most about this place, and why I'm slightly afraid to write a review about it, is it's mostly empty all the time. People either think they are a fitness equipment store or a gym strictly for training athletes. I was skeptical as I am far from what you call "athlete" material. Granted, they do specialize in training athletes, as the somewhat intimidating website will show you, but it really is a gym for everyone. So for this reason, there is almost never anyone there to watch you do your routine, to compare themselves or vise-versa, no loud testosterone grunting, no roving eyes, and the equipment is fairly clean as well. They have cable TV attached to each cardio machine, as all the equipment is new, hardly used, and state of the art. So you can just plug in your headphones and go. This may or may not be a good thing in some cases as I tried to watch 50 first Dates last time I went in and ended up laughing out loud and trying to focus on catching my breath half the time! But no one was in there to see this foolishness... and that's the main reason I love it so. They have really good rates and contracts also, and the employees are not all macho or snooty either. Not to mention it's in the same shopping center as Shamrock. So I can reward my hard, giggly workout with an ice cold beer and some ping-pong right next door! And yes, because it's a couple of blocks away, I can then, of course, stumble on home....
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,2/6/2011,230,290,2,5,2>Oh man. Zara's is my neighborhood "jernt!" I love this place because it saves me from Rouse's, Whole Foods and WALLY WORLD! Granted, they don't have everything on your grocery list... but I guarantee that they will have everything except for that dang tofurkey that you have to go all the way to Whole Foods for. Plus, they have great prepared foods and the people that work there are SO nice and just genuinely pleasant. I'm a huge fan of Zara's... it is so nice to have a quick and easy spot to run into for milk (etc) and also get a hearty hello from their awesome staff. I have lots of love for them!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,2/5/2011,100,207,7,6,6>How have I not reviewed this place before? One of my all-time favorite places to eat in New Orleans! Went there for a Reveillon meal recently and it was stupendously good. I took one of my NASA buddies there and we ate and drank like kings. Soon after we ordered, the owner, JoAnn, came over and talked to us for a minute (like she always does) and make us feel right at home. I started off off with a cup of a dark roux Creole gumbo. Dark, smoky and meaty. Next I had the Duck and Andouille Etouffee with the hot and spicy pepper jelly. Pure heaven. I could smear that damned pepper jelly of my girlfriend, for, err...yeah... At this point we had finished the bottle of The Prisoner and then moved on to Stag's Leap Winery's petite sirah. Both bottles were fabulous. The Roasted Duckling entree was succulent and very good as was the Honey Pecan Bread pudding...what a decadent but delicious meal! My friend had the lamb shank for his entree and it was so good, he went caveman on it: picked up by the bone and wrapped his mouth around it to get every morsel off! Get your minds out of the gutter people!!!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,2/4/2011,160,294,6,10,9>Moo-oo!  Whatever your calendar says 2011 will be the year of the cow.  Oak Street's newest addition Cowbell works and on so many levels, primarily with regard to pedigree, location, and concept/execution.  Brak and Krista are seasoned pros with a rich history of front and back of house food establishments in and out of New Orleans.  Their culinary passions are presently served up in an old gas station right at the parish line, at the end of Oak once known as Station 8801.  So visible - if you drive into New Orleans via River Rd you can't miss this site.  Finally the wow factor: how these two have transformed this space visually and a menu to match.  It's an American diner experience for the 21st century - burgers, fish tacos, lime chicken, apple pie, flourless chocolate (city) cake - and on.  I actually ate/shared/tried all 5 last night, and I think the cheeseburger and the fish tacos are duking it out in terms of which is better.  Finally until the city graces Cowbell with a license to serve alcohol you can bring your own, but I'm uncertain of if there is a corkage fee and/or how much of one.Make Cowbell your next must try, and go back for seconds!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,2/3/2011,73,25,3,8,5>They've got a great mix of clothing, gifts, and accessories for both guys and girls (guys, head up the stairs). The owners have been doing their own original t-shirts and screenprinting business called Ichabod's for years before opening this store, so expect lots of original and New Orleans themed t-shirt designs. As far as other clothes, they prices tend to be really good (the first time I went in and looked at a price tag I was actually a little shocked that it was so low). It sort of has a Magazine Street feel, at Oak Street prices. This is the kind of place where locals shop, but it's right off of the St. Charles/Carrollton street car line, so if you're a tourist, you can easily hop off at Oak Street. There's plenty of other great local shops around here too, so it's a good place to get a feel for the local vibe.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/1/2014,25,124,5,7,4>I must be on a Mexican kick today because I just reviewed the place down the street.  The tacos here are incredible as are the fun times to be had.  I always have a great time coming here with a friend or a group and the staff is always nice.  I'm a taco nut so if I say they have good tacos then I would believe me.  :)If it gets busy then your tacos may come out not as hot as you'd like but they're still very good.Try a variety to find your favorite!  My least favorite is the duck taco and even that is very good given that I don't like duck.Quack
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,8/31/2014,121,53,4,8,5>Reams and reams of fabric? Check. Fabric covered in glitter?! Check. Sequins, feathers, appliques?! CHECK CHECK CHECK. Everything you need for making any costume (or in my case, tutus and headbands.. as I'm not that crafty). They sell glitter in bulk. They even have hat forms for all your needs. I am absolutely obsessed with this place. The staff is great and knowledgeable. They've got every type of fabric I'm looking for and more.. Also for mardi gras, they have tons of throws and beads and decorations. Being here inspires me to what I could make -- I just wish I had the skills to back up my big crafty dreams. I guess that's what pinterest is for.. I love this place.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,8/30/2014,115,336,4,11,7>How the process works...you walk in and get in line to order your food and bevs. They may hold up letting you order until there is a table coming available for you.  We went around 8 on Saturday night and only waited 5-10 minutes to order. Long story short - don't immediately run in and plop down at a table. The process and service were going VERY, VERY smoothly especially for being such a new establishment. Obviously the Besh folks know what they are doing!Fresh, fresh, FRESH quality ingredients, great olive oil, and good beer options. A higher quality pizza experience - I left here having enjoyed the pizza more than just any old pizza and I felt much LESS like a fat moose - it's all about showcasing those ingredients not weighing you down in mountains of so-so cheese and mediocre toppings.Our order: Garlic knots, 1/2 Wild Mushroom and 1/2 Smoked Pork pizza, one order of 3 crust dipping sauces.If you are a major garlic-lover like me, I recommend the Garlic Knots FOR SURE. They come with a foamy  "provolone fonduta" dipping sauce. While both types of pizza were delicious I preferred the Smoked Pork as the pig was complimented with delicious salsa verde which made for a very balanced slice of pizza!The interior is upbeat and modern. This is definitely a PERFECT casual Saturday night spot, just has the fun but intimate vibe that you want when you head out to eat with friends before a night out. I heard DMX "Ruff Rider's Anthem", Eminem's "Real Slim Shady" and various other circa 1999 hip hop, so I suspect they are targeting my early to mid 30-something demographic. :) They have some interesting beer options. Check out some of the Italian bottled beers they offer. I'm really excited Pizza Domenica in my neighborhood! Peace out Slice.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,8/29/2014,17,87,3,5,5>This is what apple fritters are supposed to taste like:  strong cinnamon, nice apple taste in the background, and a crispy texture with a moist interior.  With hot donuts behind the counter, I had to really force myself to go for the fritter. I didn't regret it.  This is an old-fashioned donut shop along the lines of the old Tastee shops around town.    They also make great buttermilk drops that will have you remembering Dick Bruce taking a bite and moaning about it on TV.  (If, that is, you can remember New Orleans TV from 1965).
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,8/28/2014,224,517,3,6,5>Wow what can I say, I now see why this bar is so popular. We had an after party here and we had so much fun. They feature the best frozen Irish coffee ever. The drink feature fresh coffee grinds on top and wow is it good. Don't mention Killer Poboys in the back how good that is. A great bar to hang out with friends though it is a little crowded, I will definitely be back.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,8/27/2014,37,139,8,8,7>We ate here last Saturday and I still can't stop thinking about this place. I had it bookmarked forever and just kept passing it by.... no literally....we pass by this place all.the.time. It's really close to Gabe's house. You know how you just have this fave lil spot you always like to go to? The place that makes you feel cozy and comfy? Well this may be mine!Doesn't look like much on the outside. It's connected to other businesses. Even a yoga studio upstairs. I walked in and thought..... "omg! soooo cute!, look at the lights, where do we sit? Booth or cozy table for two?"I picked the booth since Gabe likes lots of room to spread out his plates, smh. Next time, it's the cozy two top near the bookcases so I can smeeeellll the books.....mmmmm. There were candles at every table. Christmas lights strung throughout. They give you a paper menu with only about 5 main dishes and a few apps. Right up my alley! I don't like too many choices. I don't want to spend too much time deciding on food.  I'm there to stare into my boyfriend's eyes as they scan the room for ninjas that may be hiding in the shadows. Just kidding. He's past that. We had a talk. I just freakin love this place! It's a feeling, right? **light bulb moment** . Sure the scallops where delish and the bf's pork chops were more delish (I always wish I'd have ordered what he ordered). And the Malbec was mmmmm smooth and didn't bite back.... my new way of describing red wine. It's fancy/casual..... not busy.... GREAT MUSIC, OMG ALMOST FORGOT ABOUT THE MUSIC. If you're 35+, you'll love it. Staff was so nice. I think there's an outdoor patio but wasn't opened that night. It was kinda cold. And a bar you can sit at. And ladies, the bathroom was cute and clean.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,8/26/2014,83,254,3,12,8>Of all the places we've dropped a lot of cash for a swanky dinner, this was one of my favorites.  Definitely enjoyed this more than Stella or Commander's.  I've been here twice now, once for lunch and once for an over-the-top, wildly decadent anniversary dinner.My first visit was my birthday lunch. At lunchtime, they feature dishes of long-gone New Orleans classic restaurants. My birthday this year happened to fall on a Wednesday,which is the day they do oyster spaghetti bordelaise. This was outstanding. We also split a salad which was ok but overpriced. The white chocolate bread pudding with apricots and pistachios was unique, beautiful and delicious. I also had some cucumber-St. Germain cocktail that was quite nice.Last night, we visited again. Since it was our anniversary, I started out with a $16 glass of cava.  Our team of servers really were a highlight of the meal. They were informative about the food, gave great suggestions (even UNDER-SELLING us a few times) and gave us a history lesson to boot. We started out with the solo meat board (plenty for two if you're doing other courses). The pate was my favorite, oh and all those pickled vegetables. Fantastic. Second course was espresso-crusted venison carpaccio and sweetbreads with an Herbsaint reduction.  If we weren't already stuffed, I had a lamb shank with squash, sage and pistachios and the husband has a beautiful veal chop with bone marrow sauce.  I was quite full at that point when they brought us an anniversary treat (pate choux filled with ice cream, chocolate drizzle), plus my husband wanted the chocolate souffle. The souffle was really rich but wonderful (way better than the one we had at Le Foret). Finally, they brought over a little jewelry box that had several drawers you could open to reveal little sweet treats. Adorable. The only thing I didn't like was a house-made ratafia. Way too sweet for me.It was really a lovely evening and although I may not ever be hungry again, I'd definitely be into going back for more!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,8/25/2014,159,87,4,7,4>I couldn't be more impressed with this place. I went there to get some scratches buffed out of my back passenger door and they did such a great job that I went back a few days later for a full detail, inside and out.Wow! I couldn't believe what a fantastic job they did. I had actually thought about selling my vehicle and getting something else but after the job they did I feel like I have a new Explorer! The inside was spotless and looked like a brand new vehicle. All of the seats and the floor were shampooed. Under the hood was cleaned and is shiny and spotless. You couldn't find a spec of dirt or dust anywhere on the vehicle. The outside looks amazing! They washed and waxed it and took out a few scratches and scuffs that I thought were there for good.This was a FAR better job than I expected. My front driver side wheel had a lot of brake dust that had baked into it so it was looking pretty bad. I had tried a few different things and couldn't get it off and was about to buy a new wheel. I didn't think it would ever come off but they even took care of that. It looks like a new wheel!I could go on and on but you get the picture. Take your care to All Day Car Care!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/24/2014,48,158,2,7,3>I've been here twice now. The guy who owns?  The place is very friendly and knowledgeable. The plants are like half the price of Lowes and look healthier. I will plan to be back and do much of my shopping here for plants.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,8/23/2014,52,77,5,7,6>Love, love, love to bring guests from out of town here for a brunch after a night on the town. Here's what you need to know:- Praline bacon. It's diabetes in a bite, and you're going to love it.-Bloody Marys. The dilly beans have a hint of cinnamon to them. It's weird and wonderful.-Wait. You might have to, especially if you're a big group. Just hang by the bar and drink, you'll get a seat eventually.The brunch menu is inventive and fun, with a good mix of unique house recipes and New Orleans brunch staples. A lot of things have a florentine or Hollandaise sauce on top, knowing that can help you make the tough call at ordering time.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,7/5/2012,148,326,7,12,11>Dat Dog is amazing. Sure, the price maybe higher than what you think a hot dog should cost and the wait maybe longer than you want, but the outcome - a hell of a way to spend lunch. Their variety of hot dogs and sausages, the numerous free toppings, the delicious toasted buns; this is no Lucky Dog my friend. I suggest dropping by late in the afternoon to avoid the serious crowds, order up a dog and some chili cheese fries to share (sooo good!), grab a Barq's and find a seat outside and relax. Your food will get there and it will be delicious. I can't wait until they move across the street to the bigger space. Remember - CASH ONLY.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,7/4/2012,1085,123,35,8,12>Welcome to the soft rock soundtrack of budget Vietnamese on Magazine...(This review is based on the exact songs playing my first time here - IN ORDER)I've been waiting for a place like you to come into my lifeI've been waiting for a place like you, your pho will surviveI've been waiting for some place new to make me feel aliveYeah, waiting for a place like you to come into my life.(PAUSE Foreigner | PLAY Heart)OhhhhhTill now I always got by on the WankI never really cared until I met youAnd now it warms me in my boneBut how come I couldn't check in on my phone?How come I couldn't check in on my phone?(PAUSE Heart | PLAY Cyndi Lauper)If you're lost you can Yelp - and you will find meTime after timeIf you want cheap food I will feed you - I'll be waitingTime after timeTime after time(PAUSE Cyndi | PLAY Chicago)Just say you'll stay here for the rest of my lifeI gotta love for Vietnamese and I don't want to go WankWill you still stay here for the rest of my life?'Cause I can't go Wank, no I can't go WankI can't go Wank if you're Uptown(PAUSE Chicago | PLAY Eagles)Cause I love youNothing's wrong as far as I can seeRestaurants make it harder than it has to beAnd I can't tell you whyNo, baby, I can't tell you whyI can't tell you why(PAUSE Eagles | PLAY Phil Collins)So take a look at me now,Cause there's just no empty walletAnd there's something left here to remind me,Just the memory of your costTake a look at me now,Cause there's just no empty walletAnd good Vietnamese coming to MagazineIs against all odds and that's what we've got to face(BONUS CHORUS)$7.50 chicken pho$1.50 coconut juiceJunior high dance musicMy ass coming here againMy ass coming here again(EXTRA FOR SPOTIFY USERS)I made a soundtrack for this review. No seriously. Shut up.open.spotify.com/user/2n…
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/3/2012,137,144,2,4,4>While strolling the Quarter in an evening supper hunger daze, we searched and asked for places that might hint at having vegan or even vegetarian options to no avail. Every known place had about 2 salads and one "market vegetable pasta" dish but when you're looking for a nice dinner, those types of things are simply compromises, not a meal. I thought hard about what I had heard of that would also be open at 9:30 at night and upon a coincidental comment, and Yelp searching on our phones, we found Eat.How cute is this place? Let's start with the pastel walls and black and white drawings and continue with super friendly servers that did their best to accommodate to our needs. Despite having a mushroom burger and other vegetarian dishes, we opted for what would be our version of tapas: two people, five side dishes, one dinner. We split the collard greens (vegan!), sauteed veggies, mac and cheese, garlic mashed potatoes and of course, fried green tomatoes. We kept trying each dish and saying, "No, this one is my favorite. Definitely. Wait, try the potatoes WITH the greens.. Yeah, that's the best." Despite the server majorly hooking us up by making our potatoes and greens extra heaping-ly full, we finished every last bit. Highly recommend for a dinner after strolling the art galleries and before Bourbon or Frenchmen in the evening. Side note: they don't charge a corkage fee for the first bottle of wine! Bon appetit!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,7/2/2012,87,163,3,9,3>Shaved ice covered with evaporated milk, sliced fruit, condensed milk with a scoop of ice cream on top!  Move over snoball, this is sooooo much better!Since I saw the sign for Honeydeux I could not wait for this place to open.  I have had similar dessert treats out on the west coast, but there is nothing like this in the New Orleans area.  Offerings: wraps, bubble tea and shaved iceI only had a shaved ice today, but it was soooo good.  It was exactly what I've dreamed of.  A regular size comes in a huge cup (6 inch diameter) and is filled with ice.  I had mango and strawberries.  The fruit chunks were big, juicy and perfectly ripe.  On top of all of that fruit was a generous topping of condensed milk.  Yum!  I can't wait to try the bubble tea.The decor is very trendy with clean lines.  There is a bar area with stools, a couple of tables and a couple of comfy chairs.  This is a fantastic place to sit and enjoy a shaved ice.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,7/1/2012,122,39,9,6,6>Envie is a bad influence. No, not a bad influence... "Negative Encouragement"Pros: Well-prepared espresso and coffee. They don't even blink or falter when I order off-the-menu items like an iced coffee with eggnog foam. (hey, don't knock it til ya try it)Plus, they serve alcohol.Cons: I keep putting Frangelico or Baileys in my coffee at inopportune times. Because of this, I prefer its sister cafe The Bean Gallery when I'm in a studious mood. It has the same caliber coffee and no bars or alcohol within eye or ear range.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,6/30/2012,181,479,4,8,5>My visitors requested Soul Food, so we came here for lunch.We started with a pile of fried pickles. Everyone loves fried pickles!! Even the two folks in our party who don't like pickles liked the fried pickles! Other favorites at our table were the pork chop special with red beans and rice, the crowder peas and okra, corn bread and greens, and the fried chicken is always a hit!I ordered the jambalaya for a change of pace, and while not horrible, it was weird, and I won't ever order that again. Peas and corn don't belong in jambalaya in my opinion.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2011,6/29/2012,23,494,3,13,6>This is the old Little Tokyo renamed and under new management and owners.  It's an ok sushi place, I stick with basic rolls for the most part and was not disappointed with their offerings.They have a Sushi loyalty club which breaks down as so:You will get 1 Star point for every $20 sushi purchase (before tax) on your card.9 points, you will receive a complimentary special roll or up to $15 at the Sushi Bar.18 points, you will receive a complimentary special roll or up to $20 at the Sushi Bar.27 points, you will receive a complimentary $50 gift certificate at Sakura of your choice.over 27 points, you will be replace with a new card (s) and the used card will be place in to the box for the $1000.00 drawing at Christmas.They also have both sushi and hibachi lunch specials.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,6/28/2012,218,209,7,7,3>You are now entering the adventures of Elle...my alter ego. She is the cool, NOT calm, collect but  a back it up in ya face chick...she loves to partay, dance and drink. Have you met her? Imagine Vivica mixed with Taraji. YAS!Elle is constantly looking for a great mojito and/or lemondrop. She loves red rooms- red room CHECK. Lynn is constantly reading and analyzing hr stuff. We like Lynn but love Elle. We love to party is her mantra. The drops at Bellocq are muy loco...The cheese and date plate mixed with a drop= owww. I would totally recommend a happy hour..yes I said HH at Bellocq. I would even recommend a first date or a night out with the girls. The parking is comp, so what does a girl have to lose. Elle wants you to hit the Bellocq scene soon!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,6/27/2012,1836,86,4,14,4>Seeking out a new physician can be somewhat of a daunting task.  There are so many factors involved; obtaining positive referrals from friends and colleagues, conducting background checks and to top it off, hoping your choice medical practitioner is firmly situated within your health policy's network.  I find the process comparative to the games we played as children where we spun the desktop world globe, closed our eyes and thrust a finger down upon it, thus randomly selecting a country.  Many times in the past, I have thought about utilizing this uncomplicated selection method in a great number of scenarios when I feel I'm overwhelmed with a magnitude of options: purchasing a new car, what type of cat litter to buy or even what movie to watch on the weekend.  It's times like these that one simply wishes to be a passenger, with a competent leader at the helm and a course clearly laid before them.  This provides the foundation for my story as I embarked on a quest to seek the council of a skilled optometrist regarding the replacement of my slowly degrading eye glass lenses.Obviously, it should be a well known fact by now that most optometrists will not concede to new lenses without a new eye exam.  I don't blame them, do you?  One could be sporting visions more foggy than a Miss Cleo prediction so I fully support checking one's eyesight annually.  Eye care is easily neglected for some reason, as are dental checkups, which I also find a tragedy in society.  Personally, I feel dental hygiene is incredibly underrated.  I find few things more initially startling than a row of teeth so uncared for, it's like the person has a mouthful of dice.  Every time they smile, you want to cry out "snake eyes!".  Seriously, why do people's teeth have to be so deserted over a lifetime that it looks like they have a mouthful of Indian corn?  It's the severely crooked ones that really get to me.  I once saw some teeth so crooked, when they smiled, it looked like their mouth was throwing up gang signs!  And how about the teeth that are so gapped, the front tooth has a sign that reads "Next Tooth-1 Mile"?  As I said before, what a tragedy! Getting back to my narrative, I decided on Uptown Eye Care.  Upon checking Yelp, I found many of the recent reviews on the establishment less than stellar.  However, the location was terrific, it appeared clean and trendy and when I made the initial appointment, the administrator was more than cordial.  I admit at first, I felt a bit of unease regarding the reviews I had read.  To put my mind at rest, I looked up the business website and read the doctor's biography.  Dr. Brown opened the clinic in 1999 and has participated in mission trips to provide the needy with eye care.  He is also a member of the New Orleans Contact Lens Society, which acts as an eye care provider for Tulane athletics.  His clinic also accepts a colossal range of health insurances, which is an added bonus for many.I arrived promptly at 11 AM and was immediately greeted by a polite staff member, who gave me a short form to fill out, since I was a new patient.  As soon as I returned the paperwork, Dr. Brown was ready to see me.  I found him to be a very kind and sincere individual, having sat with me in the exam room for some time, speaking on a great number of topics.  I think this is a great trait for any medical practitioner as it relieves any stress a patient may have and allows them to connect, as well as quickly eroding fears based on previous experiences.  I found the exam extremely comfortable and Dr. Brown was very gentle.  I have high sensitivity to activity near my eyes so Dr. Brown patiently administered drops in my eyes for the glaucoma test and allowed me time to get settled.When the procedure was completed, Dr. Brown directed me to his administrator, who then assisted me in finding some new frames.  I am very picky about my frames and I greatly appreciate the female perspective on what looks good.  I have a good eye for detail but you just need a woman's touch sometimes.  The administrator was very helpful, took her time and made some great choices.  I am proud to say that I am now the owner of three unique frames to accessorize my attire and I will most definitely be a return customer.I feel it my responsibility as a solid review contributor to also add this disclaimer: while it has been previously noted that this establishment is a bit pricier than others, I subscribe to the notion that one get's what one pays for.  Dr. Brown uses very high quality medical equipment and conducts a much more thorough examination than many of his competitors.  While one may opt to travel a cheaper avenue, don't be surprised in six months if your frames fall apart, lenses or contacts quickly degrade or you make return visits because the prescription isn't correct.  "You get what you pay for".
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,6/26/2012,71,130,6,11,7>Current holder of Larissa's best duck in NOLA award. The Duck Julia at Tomas Bistro reigns victorious, the dish comes with both a generous portion of breast meat and a confit duck leg completed with a rich raspberry sauce. The duck is served with swiss chard and wild rice, which balance out the meat nicely. At Tomas I've also tried the Beef Tournedo , the special dish of the evening, and the goat cheese and crawfish crepes. Both dishes were also amazing. The Beef Tournedo came out the perfect temperature, and I loved the creme sauce that covered the crepes. Along with the food, Tomas has a good service team. Both times I've come here the waiter described the dishes well, and answered all questions easily. On my most recent visit to Tomas, the bartender even made me a special mocktail even though there were none on the menu. Looking forward to my next fine dinning experience here, and *maybe* I'll try something other than the duck.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,1/14/2014,72,112,1,9,5>I'm in love! The espresso here is friggin amazing! It has this nutty flavor that I look for in an espresso and only a few places achieve this goodness. These girls at Hi Volt have a little gem of a shop, perfect stop on my way downtown to work, and they are open at 6:30 unlike some of the other locally owned coffee shops who open at 7, I gotta be at work at 7, I can't wait till then. The prices are a little steep, but it's so darn good they are probably using very high quality beans. I would prefer a little less ice in my iced beverage since I am paying $5 for it, I sucked that iced mocha down in like 5 minutes. The pumpkin cream-cheese muffin was awesome!! I appreciate there variety of gluten free baked goods. They have this crazy Japanese drip contraption called Oji drip, they are serious about the coffee at this place. Anyway, I am loving this new find!!! Hi Volt=Hi Quality
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,1/13/2014,526,986,8,18,15>This place is amazing! I had such a good time.So, I was wondering exactly what "boutique bowling" is. Apparently it's fancy pants bowling complete with a waitress who will regularly check to make sure that you have everything that you need, food and drink wise. Pretty cool.Me and a friend played for an hour and we had a great time. The bowling was a lot of fun (I was on my third game when I discovered that I work best with the 8 lb ball) and the wait staff was super attentive in making sure that we had everything that we needed.So, what did I score in my first ever game here? Um...geez. What's with the questions? I haven't bowled in ages, so why don't you just chill out and mind your business? It's not all about winning, you know. Jeesh!Bonus points for fancy sliders and extra fancy beers. Also, every bowler seemed to be in a really good mood. All in all, this place is a win...or a 300, if you will.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,1/12/2014,147,473,3,6,3>THE BEST HOT DOGS EVER SERVED IN THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS. The bun is fluffy cloud of carbohydrates that I want to curl up in and sleep for a year the eat my way out. The selection of topics mindblowing. the sausage options all delectable (though, I'm still usually just drawn to the basic beef frank). For some reason, maybe its the lay out or maybe its that they take credit cards,but for some reason I like this location better than Freret.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,1/11/2014,115,336,4,7,4>Intimate din-din with friends. This is your spot. Cozy, homey atmosphere that facilitates good conversation over a good meal.You may not be able to park in front of the restaurant but you can easily park a street over. Check out the street car depot - kind of cool to look at for a sec. As my bf put it, this is heaven for Mr. Rogers.They gave us a little before-dinner snack that consisted of a shrimp on a little piece of something that looked like rye toast (it wasn't rye but looked like it). It was the best shrimp I have ever tasted so fresh and delicious. So that is what fresh shrimp is supposed to taste like!! WOW.We ordered several small plates to split and then large plates as well. The duck was delicious and tender (night and day compared to my Clancy's experience). Two of my peeps ordered the scallops. My friend is pregnant and didn't enjoy the texture of the scallops, but my boyfriend thought they were very good. Like other reviews said, Boudin balls are a good option for a small plate. Very attentive service. The desserts were just ok. Next time I'd skip dessert. We tried three different desserts including the chili chess pie, sort of like a brownie texture with a chili kick. Nice cocktail menu and a small yet good selection of on-tap beers. If you like dark beer, try the 1554 by New Belgium. It has a mild flavor and is not overly heavy.My one gripe: I wish they did not have foie gras as a special. Overall, very good experience!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,1/10/2014,180,463,5,11,9>I've never been to a Tales of the Cocktail event and this wasn't an official TOTC event. I SEVERELY underestimated how awesome this event was going to be. With over 20 bartenders and snacks at the ready, I was not prepared for its awesomeness. There was a large crowd, but not so big that I couldn't get a drink easily. Oh, there's a person in front of me? I'll just go to the next table. I'm a girly drink kinda girl, so I often don't get things out of my comfort zone. I was grateful for all the friends I had at this event where we were able to share the various drinks. And they knew my tastes so they were able to point me towards some of the tables that I would like. There were so many drinks to choose from, I can't tell you what I drank. Even though some of them weren't me, I enjoyed trying them. I'm excited to do this again next year!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,1/9/2014,34,251,7,11,10>A Latin American friend recommended this restaurant to me and said it was authentic Colombian food. So when a girlfriend asked me to think about where I wanted to eat dinner this joint was on the top of my list. Especially since I had never tried Colombian food.Since my friend is my Weight Watchers buddy we tried to order something relatively healthy and ended up splitting two appetizers and saying them family style. We ordered the ceviche which was delicious but be forewarned it has jalapeños so it has some kick! Then we ordered the sample Arepas and let me tell you it was pretty darned good! My friend normally avoids bread like the plague but liked the Arepas "bread" so much that she ate it! We tried the Arepas in order from the chicken which was ok, the pork which was delicious and the mechada (beef) which was frogging mind blowing! You know how you eat something so good that you actually close your eyes and savor it? Yeah, that good! Now I know why they run out of the machada Arepas! The service was also excellent with Jocelyn helping us decide what to order and being attentive. Plus the thee waitresses pitched did and made sure our water glass was never empty. I enjoyed it so much I asked Jocelyn if I could meet the manager and she told me both of the owners were there and introduced me to Alex and the other co-owner. Overall I really heart this place! They have a bar with drink specials and the restaurant is romantically lit which would make a great date night! Happy Colombian Eating! Can't wait to go back and try more food!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,1/8/2014,894,496,14,22,14>In New Orleans more than any other city, appearances are deceiving. This city is an old city with some buildings dating back to the early 1800's. What looks like an unappealing building may in fact be a refuge for one's soul. Fahy's is such a place. It is non-descript and unassuming from the exterior but once you venture inside it is a place where you will end up spending a few hours without even noticing the time.The walls and ceiling are decorated and have cool items such as trophies on the wall and posters on the ceiling. I also like the Christmas lights all over the bar. This isn't one of them modern fru fru bars. This is a classic bar that doesn't change much (if at all) through the years. The pool tables that are here will still be here 10 yrs from now. The cheap drinks will still be cheap when I am 60 yrs old sitting at the bar. Yup, this is a bar with staying power. You will always find more regulars here than tourists even though it is only two blocks from Bourbon Street.Pretty doesn't last. Try keeping that shiny new car looking like new (believe me I've tried hard with every vehicle I have ever owned). You can probably keep it up for a few months or even a yr or two but eventually the dreaded ding or scratch happens. After that you lose hope with trying to keep it perfect. Fahy's is like our cars after 5 yrs of use. It is still steady and reliable and now you have an emotional attachment to it that you didn't have when you first got her. Fahy's is a bar that I feel attached to. I love it here moreso now that when I first came here. It is a place where memories are made!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,1/7/2014,83,52,4,8,5>THIS PARK MAKES UPTOWN! Love it love it love it. There is something for everyone here. Paved walking and biking paths, an outer dirt loop that is awesome for running or walking through the oaks, animals, places to play games, pavilions, benches, ponds, spanish moss, YOU NAME IT!If you are visiting NOLA you have to spend a few hours walking through this gem. If you're really adventurous continue across the street, pass the zoo, and hit up "the fly" overlooking the mighty Mississippi river and pack full of college kids, families, soccer teams. This is the go-to recreational resource of the neighborhood and it is awesome... also it was designed by the same guy who did Central Park and Golden Gate Park... who knew?!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,1/6/2014,24,31,9,12,9>Let's talk about sandwiches. Sandwiches and I are cool. I'd invite them to my party, however I wouldn't be disappointed if they didn't show up. I walked in to Stein's with butterflies in my stomach, very nervous kind of like I was on a first date. Was I dressed appropriately? How does my hair look? Anyway, the guy at the counter was pretty awesome as well as the waiter. I can, however, see where Elaine M may have gotten the snobby vibe from. I think I won him over with my girlish charm though. He even gave me a free bag of chips because it was my first time. I wish I'd have gotten his name but all I know is he had a "I love Intercourse (beer)" shirt on. Now lets talk about the sandwich itself. I think it came out to be about $11 and some change but OH MY GOSH was it worth it. Do they sprinkle Jesus tears and everything else dreams are made of on those things? Okay, maybe I'm overreacting but really I'm not. I'm no sandwich connoisseur but never will I ever again be satisfied by a  Subway sandwich. Thanks for ruining my $5 footlong game Steins. I'm not complaining though. I'd gladly fork over the cash for this sandwich any day.  I had The Rachel which is hot pastrami, swiss and sauerkraut on rye with Russian Dressing. I brought it to work and was bombarded by my manager who had died and gone to heaven after having a bite. The last time I had a food epiphany like this was over a year ago after making a roasted chicken during my stint in culinary school. Great experience, great food.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,1/5/2014,257,566,4,12,8>I attended Lark in the Park with Jen L last month. It's a fundraising event for Friends of City Park, and a fun event at that.The Botanical Gardens are beautiful. I originally thought I hadn't been to the Gardens before, but upon wandering around, found some places that looked familiar... probably from Celebration at the Oaks. Regardless, it was nice to see everything without the Christmas displays, and to check out some places that were probably supposed to be off-limits (rainforest adventure at 10pm?)I think this is something that my kiddo would enjoy, so I think a daytime tour of the Botanical Gardens is on my to-do list.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2010,10/1/2011,1085,123,19,5,14>Twas the night before Halloween, when all through the QuarterNot a creature was sober, not even Trace Porter.The women of Frenchmen, as if dressed on a dare,Had hopes that Old Spice Guy soon would be bare.The students of Tulane all charged to their plastic,Their pursuit of law degrees were kind of bombastic.Some girl with her friends, I don't quite know who,Had all gotten back from a night at Voodoo.When out on Frenchmen there arose such a clatter,I sprang to review, tripping over Mad Hatter.Away to d.b.a. dressed as The Flash,I stood in their line and threw Bouncer some cash.(The moonshine on the menu you must give a go,At least try the great bourbons or you really blow)When, what to my wandering eyes did I ball,But a girl with three boobs, from Total Recall.She spoke not a word, but went straight to her dancing,I filled up my beer cup, and pondered a drunk fling.Sadly she told me to please just get out of her way,And went back out to Rue Frenchmen, plum left d.b.a. I pray to this day, this bar never close ever,Go away, no way, for some other endeavor.And now I proclaim, for Prop 19 I alight,"Happy Halloween y'all, and to y'all a good-night!"
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,9/29/2011,48,13,5,9,6>Camellia Grill, I still give you five stars!You are amazing. You have melted butter in a syrup container. I could literally guzzle this down with nothing else.My freeze was delicious and I actually drank/ate the entire thing. We ordered three, I am being so serious when I say this, three chef specials and licked the plate after each one. The chef gave us a funny look.Keep being you!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,9/28/2011,23,494,1,9,9>For my 300th review I really pondered what I was going to write about.  This one is special to me on a personal level and hence will be my 300th in honor of my grandfather.  I was able to come here with my family and my grandfather who is a WWII vet.  The experience, needless to say, was something I will always treasure.  To have past present and future generations of our family share in the visit and have my grandfather tell tales of his experiences during the war was priceless.  He actually guided us through the museum.  The people at the museum treated him with honor, and he was given a special beautiful wallet and a few other items in appreciation for serving our country from the museum.  I am sure plenty of people enjoy visiting here for the history but it really went to another level to go with someone who was actually in the war.  He showed us on maps where exactly he was for parts of the war and one of the planes hanging from the ceiling in the entrance exhibit area was one he had on his carrier.  There were several exhibits and artifacts he could relate to and it was just absolutely wonderful for him to share the memories with us.  There were several emotional moments for him and us during our visit.The exhibits are wonderful and very informative and you could easily spend an entire day here soaking in the history.  The museum breaks down the war into the timelines and also the geography of events that happened.  There is a beautiful gift shop and a theatre.  You can also walk across the street and dine at the American Sector.This museum really is something everyone should experience.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,9/27/2011,1836,86,8,15,10>Before I get deep into this review, I want to say that sometimes the Yelp star rating throws me off a bit.  I tend to judge an establishment more on whether or not I could see myself coming back again in the future.  To me, that's really the deciding factor.  That being said, yes, I would come back here again!  While Luke Restaurant may not be a pioneer in the culinary world, the kitchen does deliver sound dishes that cannot be ignored.Luke Restaurant is located on St. Charles Ave. in the CBD, directly across the street from One Shell Square.  It shares the adjacent space with the Hilton Hotel, which, if anyone remembers pre-Katrina, used to be the boutique Hotel Monaco.  Luke Restaurant used to be The Cobalt, a hip and modern lounge/restaurant owned by Susan Spicer, where great cocktails, as well as amazing eats could be found.  While the restaurant has changed owner, chef and style, the quality of the dishes has not diminished in the slightest.  Luke Restaurant advertises itself as a fine dining Bistro and I would say this description is accurate.  I've been frequenting this restaurant off and on since it's opening in 2007 and I've never been given a subpar product.I would like to draw special attention to the detail of the interior design inside Luke Restaurant.  It reminds me of a social steakhouse ripped straight out of New York City in the 1920s.  Heavy and very ornately carved wood cabinets, doors and bar surround the dining area.  The floor near the bar is completely tiled in black & white while the dining area is situated upon what resembles vintage wood flooring.  To the front and left side of the restaurant, there is a large wooden board containing various newspapers for businessmen to peruse.  Above dining guests are slow-moving ceiling fans which are operated via a pulley; a system no longer common these days.  The restaurant sports a very vintage feel and I believe this works in Luke's favor.  The only other steakhouse resembling Luke Restaurant in terms of interior design and dish offering that comes to mind would be Anthony Bourdain's home base, Brasserie Les Halles, located on Park Ave. in New York.The last two occasions that I dined in Luke Restaurant were over lunch with colleagues.  I am somewhat a slave to routine so I placed my order for the Luke Burger, a monster of a burger that attempts to contain tomatoes, Allen Benton's bacon, caramelized onions and Emmenthaler cheese within the confines of the bun.  It also comes with housemade fries.  Now, believe me when I say that while this burger is steeply priced at $17, I dare you to eat it all in one sitting.  I typically cut the burger in half and take the rest home, as it easily can feed a single person twice!  It is delivered to the customer on a cutting board and you are given pocket sized bottles of Ketchup, Mustard and Mayonnaise.  This is one heck of a huge burger but it's worth every penny!Before diving into the burger, I also placed a starter of the gumbo that, when paired with the fresh rolls, is out-of-this-world!  The rest of my table ordered various dishes and starters but all who had selected the gumbo also stated it was terrific!My burger later arrived and it looked amazing.  The flavor was breathtaking.  The large cuts of bacon, the delishus swirl of caramelized onions and cheese created a sweet aroma so thick, one might say you could swim in it!  The meat was perfectly seasoned and cooked and the flavors came together in a manner that literally created an orgiastic feast of the senses.  In the nature of a true wine connoisseur who takes most pleasure from a vintage's distinct scent, I thoroughly enjoy breathing in the fresh smells from a dish produced by a kitchen.  At such times, one could wish for the olfactory powers of the canine.  It's often occurred to me that pulling a dog away from a scent is akin to seizing a scholar at the museum by the scruff of his neck and dragging him away from his studies.As I've said before, Luke Restaurant may not be groundbreaking but what it does deliver is exceptional quality and great service.  This is a wonderful place to pop in by yourself or with a small group for lunch or dinner.  If you find yourself hungry and within proximity, do yourself a favor and visit Luke.  Your tummy will thank you!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,9/26/2011,122,352,3,5,4>I made a habit of coming here with the same group of friends nearly every  Saturday last summer and my only regret is that I didn't just get a seasonal pass.  If you are nervous about the clothing optional part, I can tell you that you don't have to be. Plenty of people keep their suits on and nobody thinks twice about it, so if you aren't the type that's comfortable with it, it's really ok. I found people less gawky and more respectful then they are in most bars, so even though I don't take advantage of the (rare) opportunity for "northern exposure" very often, I find that when I want to, it's never awkward.The food is pretty decent and for a decadent experience, you really can't beat the poolside service.  Having two full bars helps too.Get there early on the weekends because it really does fill up, particularly if there is a holiday.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,9/25/2011,284,730,7,5,4>A welcome addition to this section of Magazine St. I walked in haggard, hot and exhausted. I was greeted with a warm and friendly smile and was promptly seated into a spa chair. I'm a nervous Nellie when it comes to germs; the copper basin is a great upgrade in terms of cleanliness. I stopped myself from reading the weekly celeb rags and just allowed Trish to work her magic. She turned my feet from the verge of late Howard Hughes to those of a mere female.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,9/24/2011,425,213,4,10,3>If you do one good thing for yourself today, make it a yoga practice which is good for your mind, body, and soul. Not sure where to go? Try the newly opened Shanti Yoga Shala. Beloved New Orleans teacher, Nathalie Croix, recently left another yoga studio to start her own! Nathalie has practiced in California and has travelled to India to study under Sri K. Pattabhi Jois. Most recently Nathalie was the director and primary teacher at New Orleans' Life Yoga Studio.Shanti Yoga Shala is currently housed on Freret Street above Cure (the bar) in a lovely room with great light from big gorgeous windows. Nathalie is keeping her usual schedule and has also brought on one other teacher to offer different types of classes. With classes offered at times like noon and 5:30/6pm (lunch and after work) yoga can be accessible to people working during the day. Nathalie also offers various types of classes from vinyasa flow, led ashtanga, and restorative classes. Classes are also the most affordable in the city at $10/single class, $6/student single class, $40/5 classes, and $80/10 classes. Private lessons are available, email shantishalanola@gmail.comThe current schedule is:Tuesday-      12:00 to 1:15pm  Lunch Flow with Nathalie (all levels)      6:15 to 7:30pm   Vinyasa Flow with Nathalie (level 2/3)Wednesday-      6:30-7:45pm      Led Ashtanga with Nathalie (all levels, beginners      welcome).     8:00-9:00pm       Yoga Sadhana with Nathalie -     Every other Wednesday there will be meditation and yoga sutras studies and open discussion- 11/10, 11/24, and 12/8.Thursday      6:30-7:45pm        Vinyasa Flow with Nathalie (level 2/3)Saturday      11:00-12:15pm   Vinyasa Flow with Nathalie/Daria (all levels)Sunday       4:00--5:15pm      $5 community class with Nathalie (all levels)       5:30-6:30pm      Restoratives Yoga-Relax Deeply with Daria (all levels)
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,9/23/2011,214,152,4,11,10>Dear Wandering Buddah,I am so proud to have you in our hood. I have been stalking you every week, eating whatever delicious goods you shoved out. Now, you have a menu. I am happy. Last night, I had the tofu stuffed lettuce wraps and the dumplings. I killed the dumplings. They were perfectly fried, and the dipping sauce was neither too spicy or too mild. It tasted like the healthiest fried item I have ever eaten (one of the owners explained that this is because they fry them in rice bean oil, which is much healthier!). The lettuce wraps were a perfect harmony between fresh and spicy. The sauce was amazing. One of the owners uses her family recipes to carefully craft each item by hand. This is not some crap thrown into the fryer from a box. There's even courtyard dining, if you enter from the side!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,9/22/2011,25,90,5,5,3>Capdeville gets five stars for the bar atmosphere alone.  The barstaff are friendly, they have a nice selection of house cocktails and beers, and the jukebox rocks... what's not to like?Then one weekend my family came into town and every restaurant in the city was booked from 6pm to 9pm.  Capdeville had just a few tables by the bar.  It was a little loud (gearing up for the evening bar crowd) but great ambiance--dim candlelight meets British rock. As for the menu, quite a few steps up from bar food.  Their truffled mac n cheese has become my standard to which all other cheesy noodles are compared.  Reasonably priced too.  Love this place!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,9/21/2011,61,118,2,6,5>A great, casual spot for lunch or dinner when you want a change from local or our more heavily represented ethnic cuisines. Baru is a true nuevo latino bistro, with riffs on Carribean, Mexican, Central and South American cuisines.The Mazorca is a play on a traditional Mexican street snack made simply of roasted corn, fried shoestring potatos (I know!), queso fresco and a mayonaise-like colloid called "pink sauce"...and, I believe, crack, because it is addictive. Other stars of the small plates section of the menu include the guacabello (portobello + guacamole + housemade tortilla chips=yummy) and the atun tartare, a light yet satisfying tuna delight. They also serve salads, sandwiches, and full on entrees, all imaginative and unique in New Orleans.No liquor license, but fresh squeezed juices (and spritzers made with same) and the flexibility to bring your own hooch make this a relaxed, casual spot to enjoy anytime.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,4/24/2014,42,78,4,13,8>4 and a half years since my review, and as the city has gone through an incredible amount of change in those years, but still remains the same, the same goes for the Candlelight .Still sweaty, still great music, more musical nights, such as the added music on Sundays (anyone visiting should always be using the WWOZ.com music calendar). Treme brass band, no longer has the beloved Uncle Lionel, as he sadly passed last year, but the energy is just as high, and Ive still never known anyone to have anything less than a great time going to see music there. No longer free, it hasn't been in years, but what is...and still very much worth it
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,4/23/2014,50,58,3,12,6>This place NEVER fails us!i've come here a few times. Each time, the group I've gone with try almost everything on their menu and we all share pieces of our entrees so every one can have a taste. Everything is amazzzinngggg!My favorite:1. SHRIMP & GRITS! The best in the city! The best I've ever had! The best EVER! Nothing compares. Cafe Amelie's shrimp and grits were the first I ever had, and I fell in love. I thought all shrimp and grits were the same. I went to the festivals, other restaurants, and all have failed, most probably because Cafe Amelie has set the bar so high that I've always been disappointed since. After countless failed attempts of finding a decent "shrimp and grits," I've finally chosen to not order it anywhere at all anymore and if I really want some, I would just make a special trip to get them here. THE BEST. My son inhales it in minutes. 2. Tuna. Cooked to PERFECTION.  The portion was quite filling also!!! 3. Salmon. Also very good, but the tuna won! Just by a little...I love this place. This is a place I would definitely recommend to anyone, a native born New Orleanian or a visitor. Such fresh food, a fresh atmosphere, and good time!!!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/22/2014,37,139,3,10,6>This is a nice, intimate bar, Seating includes anything from large circular booths for a group, to 4 tops and 2 tops. Plus seating at the bar. I've been here on a Monday night which seemed to have more business type people and again on a Saturday night which had more casual but older, mature people. Saturday night had a live band, jazzy type music. The bar is small and dark but very modern and cozy. Music not too loud. Perfect for a girl's night out, double date or just a couple who wants to talk, drink and listen to great music. Currently one of my favorite bars in the city.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,4/21/2014,113,44,4,14,9>This place is popular.  I had an experience last night, a Friday, not unlike Joi B.'s in her review, but minus the serious hangry of a low food day.  Still, if you go on a Friday or Saturday night, you must expect to wait.  When we arrived, we gave our name to the hostess and were seated in the lounge, which was almost full.  The lounge has a somewhat unfinished feel, like they are going to put a bar back there in the front part or something.  Still, it was comfortable and far preferable to trying to squeeze into the cracks of the dining area during our wait.  Plus, drinks!  So, yay! They were out of cava, but they gave us what they had, gratis, and we had a longer chance to explore the lengthy drink menu.  It turns out they have two selections of mezcal that I've not seen at local stores, so that was fun.  The first time I went, the memorable dishes were the "cauliflower steak" and the cioppino.  The cauliflower steak is roasted cauliflower with a nice cheese served over buckwheat with a little pureed beet sauce.  There really are no words that can explain this flavor combination, but it works so well.  It was a big hit.  The cioppino was more deconstructed and broth-y than other more stew-like versions I have had, with easily accessible big shrimp, fish, etc. and crusty bread to sop up the tomato-y broth.Last night we split the duck pate, which was served with a grapefruit Abita-infused mustard, a pear spread, pickled shallots, and toasted bread - so rich and delicious.  We also ordered the sweet potato poutine - soft chunks of sweet potato with melted cheese and the occasional meaty bite.  I really enjoyed my tomato salad, which was as much burrata as tomato, and thus all attempts to be slightly virtuous were thwarted in a most-delightful way.  The service was a really mixed bag.  This place seems to operate on an everyone-works-the-whole-house system.  So, it makes sense that a mixed bag is the result.  But all of the servers were polite at the very least, if not warm and attentive, which some very much were.  Also, the music, which is fun, is played sort of loudly in the front of the house, but the acoustics of the building itself don't seem to pose a loudness problem.  All in all, I really like this new restaurant, and I look forward to patio dining weather even more now, thanks to Oxalis.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,4/20/2014,341,178,7,18,9>The Pelican Club is one of those places off the beaten path literally and figuratively. The literal is that it's situated in beautiful Exchange Alley which doesn't get the traffic it deserves. The figurative is people tend not to think of this place when they think fine New Orleans dining, which is a mistake. I have been to the Pelican Club several times over the years, and I have always had a great meal. This last time was no exception. I took a friend out to celebrate a career move and wanted to make sure the food was up to par. A celebration with bad food is just no fun. We started out the night at The French 75 Bar at Arnaud's then wandered over to the Pelican Club on what was a very cold and windy night.The first thing I did was order us a glass of champagne so we could toast the event. As we did, I looked around the dining room. I love this type of bistro looking place, tile floor, tablecloths, and some nice artwork on the walls. We both chose the 4 course Reveillon menu which was a good deal at $52. I ordered the oyster soup with mirlitons and a fried oyster on top. It was awesome with a hint of herbsant. My lovely dining companion ordered the turtle soup which was a great version of a New Orleans classic. Our next course was crabcakes and a fried green tomato with remoulade sauce and baked oysters. The crabcake was the better of the 2. The oysters were good, but a little overwhelmed by the bacon. Next the lambchops for me, cioppino for her. Both portions were HUGE, actually a little too big. They were also a little difficult to eat. The lamb came out as 2 racks which were a little difficult to carve at the table. The cioppino was excellent but contained unpeeled shrimp which were  a mess. As I told the DC, "good thing this isn't a first date!" Criticism aside, both dishes were excellent. Finally for dessert, creme brulee and white chocolate bread pudding. Again well executed New Orleans classics.The DC and I lingered over our meal and enjoyed the evening for a long time as we usually do. One hindrance to a good time was the noise level. It turned into a shoutfest. The owner needs to do some sound dampening. But it was a lovely dinner with a lovely DC. I will definitely be back.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,4/19/2014,93,281,3,8,7>This is the ultimate music place in the Crescent City to see local musicians and hear some great Jazz. And from the musicians who have produced this unique music for a lifetime. It is also a restaurant and the service is very attentive. The entire experience here is very upbeat. Food is acceptable but you really don't go here for a gourmet meal. It is for the music.Located in the lower end of the Vieux Carré I find the parking lot across Esplanade Ave. and the old U. S. Mint to be ideal. The walk is just a couple of blocks away and in a well lit lot.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/18/2014,161,1547,5,16,15>I love the Endymion fiberoptics and that they parade AWAY from my house. I was able to catch the parade across from Warren Easton HS this year and it was a great spot. Lots of alums were out to cheer on the band as it marched in the parade. Love seeing the local pride. The bands were great and, of course, the riders were super generous with their throws. This year was extra awesome, I brought my niece to see her Daddy ride AND I got to bring awesome PDX Yelpers Melvin & Merilou to their very 1st carnival parade. It was really fun to see the parade through their eyes and my niece  had a ton of fun and the crowd was not too aggressive or pushy.Plus I love the esoteric themes, so Endymion goes to the opera was right up my alley. Definitely a great parade...to see away from Orleans Ave.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/17/2014,397,256,2,9,8>Now that I've lived in New Orleans for over a year and a half (and visit this cozy restaurant every chance that I get), I feel compelled to update my review. Years after my first review, the oysters here are still out of this world. Fresh, plump, and local.  The same guy is there shucking oysters that I remember from my first visit, and happy hour still includes $.50cent oysters and half-priced cocktails from 3-6pm. My cousin came to visit, so her stay had to include an homage to Besh (my chef crush). Alas, no Besh sightings this time, but stellar meal and service all the same. We walked in with a reservation, were immediately seated, and quickly two servers joined us to take our drink orders, water preferences, and recommend starters. We started with the baked P&J oysters that came out piping hot, along with crispy pork belly with roasted Brussels sprouts and beets. Savory, herbaceous, briney, and delectable. We immediately wished we'd ordered more oysters. For cocktails, we both had the New Orleans streetcar - pear vodka, St. Germain and a little lemon. Light, but still with a kick. My cousin ordered the shrimp and grits, while I ordered the moules et frites. Big, sweet Gulf shrimp in savory sauces over creamy grits. Ginormous portions of mussels with a light, garlicky wine broth and perfect, salty frites that we couldn't stop eating. Now, THAT was a meal.  See pics.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,4/16/2014,87,163,2,9,7>When I want a good hot dog this is where I come.  The menu is simple, dogs and fries.  I often choose the classic beef German style.  The nice this is that the condiments don't cost extra, and the possibilities are endless. However, when I am feeling indecisive, I will go for whatever the special is.  For example, I got the bacon werewolf last week, a Slovenian sausage, grilled onion, tomatoes, mustard, and bacon.  It was so good!  I have tried almost all of the fries too, they do not disappoint either.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,4/15/2014,23,43,4,8,6>I really like this place and not just because Bogdan is a fellow Romanian! I had eaten at his food truck in Baton Rouge many months ago and remembered it being quite good so once I heard that he had a spot in New Orleans I had to check it out. I had the Bianca and my roommate had the Margherita. Both were delicious! We especially enjoyed the thin crust, and the cheese was excellent. The food left me satiated for a long time. I did not have enough room for dessert but nutella tiramisu sounds amazing so I will definitely leave room the next time I come here. Bogdan is so friendly and really wants everyone to have a good time and leave happy. He told us about some new dishes he is going to try to make that sound fab. One star off for decoration, but they haven't had their grand opening yet so we'll see how that improves over time. It was pretty busy on a Saturday night so people seem happy. I will definitely be making this a regular pizza place. A great addition to the downtown pizza scene!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,4/13/2013,61,118,2,5,4>It is hard to describe the anticipation my girl Paige and I experienced during the gastropodic crawl of months prior to the grand opening of the new Fresh Market on Saint Charles....palpable vibrations for a deluxe grocery within walking distance of our home....whee!      Considering we have the utilitarian Breaux Mart even closer, all we need from the Ohio based competitor to the Whole Paycheck is a spot for luxury and treat foods. On that count, Fresh Market mostly delivers-I do not recommend them for the paper towels, detergent and milk run.       Fresh Market is almost wall to wall treats, with a plethora of pastry, globs of gelato and infinite ice cream, clots of candies, chests of cheeses and chips and...well, you get the idea and I tire of alliteration.       The produce is top notch and the bakery pumps out some lovely breads. A nice selection of prepared foods and seafood round out a fine selection of comestibles and the staff is almost ridiculously friendly...seriously, some of the kids here are sweet as molasses.        Paige and my only gripe is the wine selection, and I don't for a second blame the estimable wine & beer manager Mark Funti for our issue-I think this is a corporate philosophy thang. The problem is an almost exclusively American (i.e, either sucky, expensive, or both) wine list and there could be more Louisiana beers considering some of the fine brews being crafted here lately. That aside (and who knows, many of you folks may enjoy overly oaky California Chardonneys ), we love this place and they are responsible for my worsening popcorn jones.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,4/12/2013,64,156,2,8,5>My girlfriend wanted to have a romantic, semi-fancy dinner together and, having heard about this place from yelp and others, I really wanted to go. We were mostly not disappointed.We had made reservations and were immediately seated upon arrival. We were offered drinks, and the waiter anticipated my need for a cocktail menu. Sadly, I did not get a chance to try the delicious sounding cocktails, but perhaps another time.The ambiance is romantic yet modern, and it definitely tips towards the fancy dress side, although not overly dressy. Once my beer arrived, my girlfriend and I were pretty much ready to order. That's another thing: one of my pet peeves is when waiters don't get the timing of ordering, bringing out dishes, and checking on us correctly. I liked our waiter because he was knowledgeable about the menu and did not make us feel rushed, yet was attentive. Anywho, we ordered the jimmy cakes to share to start off with, and I ordered the Malaysian Red Curry Goat Empanada while my GF ordered the lamb baklava.The jimmy cakes were just meh, room temperature and flavorless, although the topping was quite good and fresh. I wouldn't order them again, they really didn't do it for me.However, both of our entrees were fantastic. My empanada was just the right amount of spicy; it wasn't so spicy that it burnt my tongue off so I wasn't able to truly taste the flavors, but still had a nice kick. I can see this dish being too spicy for people who are generally wimps about that sort of thing, but I love spicy food. The accompanying rutabaga fried in duck fat was the perfect sweet flavored compliment, and perfectly crunchy on the outside. The basil, mint, and cucumber raita was good for cooling off if the spiciness was too much.Likewise, my girlfriend loved her lamb baklava so much that she practically inhaled it. She did say, however, that she would have liked a bit more meat in it. I sadly did not get a chance to taste it. Neither of us were too into the pickled mirliton, but that is just a matter of taste.At this point, the chef was nice enough to walk around and chat with the diners, checking that everyone was enjoying their dish.Finally, for dessert, we finished off with the Baked Hawaii because, um, FIRE! Sadly, it wasn't as on fire as we were hoping, with a few puny flames not fully engulfing the dessert, making the surrounding unburnt meringue heavy on the liquor taste. However, what was inside was delicious! The sherbet was heavenly, the pineapple sauce a perfect tart compliment, and the cake was flavorful. I actually wished there had been more cake, less sherbert. It was a great dinner with interesting tastes and perfect portions, for what I considered to be a reasonable price. We will definitely be back.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/11/2013,196,337,3,11,7>From the outside I would have never guess this would be the type of place I would enjoy, but I was wrong.  This has to be one of the most amazing outdoors bar courtyards in the city. It's pretty simple but has lots of tables and  huge television. It's a great chill out spot on a good weather day to hang with a big group of friends or even just one. I just love it.The drinks are reasonably priced and strong enough so you won't go wrong with that. I go with the Rum and Coke but the Disco Lemonade is definitely a nice treat to at least try one time.It's a little hidden so look up the location beforehand to make sure you get to your destination without much hassle. On a Friday/Saturday night expect parking to be a little scarce so prepare to walk a block or two to get to the Rusty Nail.This is probably may favorite bar and I normally don't like them so this is definitely some place to check out.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,4/10/2013,54,438,3,5,5>What's not to love about Oktoberfest? Let's see:Great German beers? Check.Plates of German food big enough for two people? CheckLively music? CheckChicken Dance? CheckDachshund races? CheckOktoberfest is the annual celebration of German culture and heritage as well as a fundraiser for Deutches Haus. For a small fee ($6) you gain access to a fun festival. Dress in lederhosen on certain weekends and you get free admission! The food here is fantastic. Tons of great grilled German sausages along with cabbage rolls, red cabbage, German potato salad, and (my favorite) beef goulash with spatzel. Wash it down with some hefeweisen and you're looking at a fantastic meal.This year's highlight for me was the day of several heats of dachshund races. Starting with the puppies and going on in older age groups, five or so adorable dachshunds at a time race across a small fenced in area to the cheers of the crowds and delicious treats waiting them at the finish line. It's all in good fun and the dogs have a blast with all the love and attention from the crowd.Oktoberfest runs pretty much every weekend in October, so don't miss it.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,4/9/2013,43,155,7,5,2>Great place for a hot date.  I love the fancy drinks and the happy hour.  The daily punch changes up so it's hit and miss but I love that they keep us on our toes.  Not a fan of the trick lock in the bathroom...  you may think you pulled the lever over but little did you know that the door has been ripped open enough times that it serves no purpose.  Wear your cutest underwear just in case.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2012,4/8/2013,42,66,9,7,6>Alright, Snakes. You and I have been on this on again off again relationship but I think it's about time you and I had a talk. The last couple of times I've come to your place, I've noticed that the clientele just aren't the same as they used to be. Younger, perhaps? Some are just so out of place that they make YOU feel like you might have stepped into the wrong bar. It's almost like that scene out of Fight Club when Brad Pitt says, "I look around. I look around. I see a lot of new faces. Which means a lot of you have been breakin' the first two rules of Snake & Jakes." A lot of my friends who were VERY loyal regulars there have even thrown their arms up in frustration at the kind of people who go there now. But don't get me wrong, I still love the amount of Schlitz I consume there, the amount of times I grin at the poor young woman who stumbles into the men's bathroom to find someone finishing up their business and then promptly walks away with that look like, "I could have gone my entire night without seeing that.", and of course, watching some guy try to impress his buddies by getting naked to drink for free, only to realize that he has just become, "THAT GUY." I dunno, Snakes. I just don't know. Perhaps in the near future we can try and make it work, but......I guess we'll see. I haven't given up on you just yet.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/6/2013,230,290,1,7,5>Thanks to Cameron K for turning me onto this AWESOME restaurant! I wish I had more things to do on the Northshore so I could stop by this place more often... Friendly service (a flower at the end of your meal, hello), GREAT food and if you ask for "Thai hot," they COMPLY! Sure, it doesn't seem like a big deal but most Thai restaurants (in my experience) just overlook the request and dole out the mildness. I'm pretty sure the staff at Sala would happily make a dish "Thai hot plus 1" if asked to do so. Who knows, maybe I'll go back sooner (rather than later) and test my hypothesis.  Food worth mentioning: Coconut soup. Which subsequently is my "gauge" for discerning if a Thai restaurant is good or not.... if you can't make this simple soup taste incredible how are you going to excel in more complicated dishes?Thai basil, papaya salad (get it thai hot!), Green curry and the mee grob (can't remember the exact letter lol)
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,4/5/2013,141,497,3,10,4>Unfortunately, the majority of my reviews for the past couple of weeks have began with, 'if you're in New Orleans right now, you know it's cold.' And so I will begin....It's cold. Though it might the increase in complaints and cars on the road, it doesn't stop anyone from going out and hanging out outside. Came here last night on the premise that 3 friends of mine (who don't know each other) claim that this is their favorite bar. Walked in and spoke to the chatty owner who steered me in the right direction for the type of wine I like. We bought our glasses ($6-8 ea.) and headed to the back to find a seat to listen to music, talk, and grab some food. The band was playing smooth jazz...not my favorite, but whatever, it was fine. The menu offered about 5 plates in each category (soups/salads, seafood, meat) and were priced very fairly. I ordered the red fish which came with caramelized leeks, cilantro and red onion and pecan vinaigrette ($16). The food was pretty good and the wine that the owner suggested went very well with the food.Bacchanal apparently changes a lot, so here is how it was as of last night: outdoor seating space, window in the kitchen for food (cash only), wine store in the front that supplies wine by the glass or bottle (you can use your debit/credit card here), and a PERMANENT cocktail bar upstairs. The bar just opened Saturday and it will be open all the time. This place offers something for everyone: wine snobs, music lovers and foodies. Wish it was a little warmer but nonetheless, can't wait to come back!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,4/3/2013,169,65,5,7,6>Because every once in a while I like to pretend like I'm a baller, you know a shot caller, I hit up Commander's Palace for lunch and SoBou for dinner. I wanted to see if there was a family resemblance.I'm a huge fan of Commander's, mostly because I feel they offer the most impeccable service in New Orleans, I was happy to find that SoBou honors this tradition as well. The service was fantastic. The staff is kind and knowledgeable and seem to genuinely like their jobs. The cocktails were inventive (but not off the chart weird containing ingredients you have to inquire about) and delicious. We sampled a variety of the menu, sticking to seafood items and we were exceptionally pleased with our choices. Especially dessert - chocolate indulgence achieved. The ambiance is much more laid back than that of the other Brennan's restaurants and both my man and I agreed we preferred this to the stuffiness that can accompany the other locations.I will definitely be returning as I have seriously been fantasizing about the Blue Crab mousse in a jar.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,4/2/2013,1836,86,15,4,14>"How had I gotten here?", I wondered to myself.  "Curiouser and curiouser", I repeated in my mind as I cited the inquisitive nature of Alice from Lewis Carroll's novel, "Alice in Wonderland".  I reached into my waistcoat-pocket and rather than retrieving the White Rabbit's pocket watch, capable of reporting time in an impeccably accurate fashion, I took forth my chap stick and began applying the soothing agent to my arid lips.  How I longed to be lounging amidst a brilliant sun glimmering above, setting the water's surface of a nearby creek ablaze with a boundless exhibition of twinkles and sparkles.  Instead, I sat alone patiently at my table, staring out the window into the maelstrom as voluminous droplets of rain shattered against the panes, eerily warping my reflection.  The seemingly frustrated waiter card, dispatched by the Queen of Hearts, had returned again; his third visit in nearly thirty minutes.  "Do you think your other party might still be dining with us this evening?", he inquired in his most tolerant tone.  "One mustn't be late for a very important date" I replied, consulting my pocket watch for the last time.  "We venture on with my culinary exploration!"  In quite dramatic flair, the waiter card presented me with a starter comprised of delicate and flavorful Veal Sweetbreads sautéed with scallions and diced potatoes in sherry mustard, which I found most delectable.  My wine, a bottle of 2008 Ridge Vineyards Zinfandel Lytton Springs, was paired and introduced with the evening's signature entrée, medallions of lamb loin with a goat cheese and zinfandel demi-glace.  For dessert, I was granted a rich mocha banana torte with caramelized pecans.  The dishes tasted of perfection but you see, I expected nothing less of Bayona and its Queen.  If the waiter cards had gone to the trouble of painting the white rose trees red in an effort to match the surrounding décor, surely not a single flavor would find itself out of place.The end of my meal brought about a somewhat hustled cleanup effort by three new waiter cards.  "Look out now, Five!", one of them cried out.  "Don't go splashing any remnants over me like that!""I couldn't help it", said Five, in a sulky tone; "Seven jogged my elbow."Seven sternly looked up.  "That's right, Five!  Always lay the blame on others!""You'd better not talk!" said Five.  "If you carry on about, the Queen will have your head, for sure!"Suddenly, the ambient sounds around me began to fade, lulling me into a dreamlike state.  When I came to, I found myself within Bayona's lovely courtyard, lying beneath an enormous mushroom.  Climbing out from underneath its sprawling cap, a large hookah-smoking caterpillar queried me.  "Who are YOU?", he asked amid a puff of smoke.  "Good question", I replied.  "How very strange the circumstances of this evening have been.  I was to meet a very fine girl for dinner but it appears that she changed her mind.  Can you believe that she didn't even call me to let me know?".  The caterpillar seemed as perplexed as I was.  "I do not understand.  Who are YOU?" he asked again.  I began to work out the question in my mind.  "This has been a dating trend of mine, I'm afraid and one which leads to grisly and often nightmarish outcomes.  On one date, a seemingly delightful girl attempted to grope me so relentlessly and aggressively, I felt as if I were Heracles fending off the multiple heads of the Lernaean Hydra.  Another called late for a dinner reservation on a first date to explain that she had been arrested and requested I post bail on her behalf.  One attempted to conceal the fact that she had three children.  Don't get me started, Caterpillar, on the one who presented me on our fourth date with a duffle bag full of her intimacy enhancing devices, which resembled Inspector Gadget's junk drawer!  Go, Go Gadget 240v nipple clamps!"  "Keep your temper", said the Caterpillar .  "Is that all?" I pleaded, doing my best to swallow my anger.  "No." replied the Caterpillar.  "Maybe it's something subconscious about me which draws out these soul leeching succubae?", I asked.  "They sense a life force and suck me dryer than a camel's urethra!"The Caterpillar responded.  "So, you think you're changed, do you?""Serpent!", screamed a nearby Bourbon Street pigeon, swooping above my head.  "I'm no serpent", I said indignantly.  Let me alone!"  "Serpent, I say again!" repeated the pigeon.  "I'm not a serpent!" I hollered.  "I'm a--I'm a--""Well, WHAT are you?  I can see you're trying to invent something!", said the pigeon.  "I've seen a great many men in my time but never one with a neck such as yours!  You're a serpent; and there's no use denying it!"The Caterpillar peered down at me and shrugged, exhaling a mystical cloud upon my person.  "Perhaps you should find out WHO you are", he said.  "Then, you may finally be able to answer these questions.""Yes, I think I shall", I replied.  "I think we all should."
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,7/26/2012,272,184,2,6,5>This is a small, clean, and secluded playground and sports field in a quiet section of Metairie. They offer recreational sports such as baseball and football for neighborhood kids. It was recently renovated with a new playground and play equipment that I think was done in collaboration with Kaboom. This is probably most appropriate for younger elementary age kids, and fortunately, it hasn't been discovered yet by middle school ruffians who find it hilarious to break springs and set fire to mulch. (*Note: This is not some sort of suggestion, teenagers) There are shaded benches for adults, as well as an area with some picnic tables for lunches or snacks.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,7/25/2012,214,152,3,15,13>This place is fantastic. They have a veggie po-boy that is fantastic, as well as many salad options (watermelon salad that was spicy, and a local cucumber salad that was SO FRESH/YUM). I pick up from here about once a week, and love being treated like family by the owners. I call in, plop down at the bar for a soda (the restaurant is in the back of a bar), and chat with the bartender while Cam, the chef, works on my awesome sandwich. The po-boy keeps getting better. Every time I come back, it tastes better and fresher. He really does care about vegan/vegetarians, as he has a separate grill for us. That's not to say that he doesn't have meat-y options. My dinner guest got the rum and chipotle braised pork and proceeded to inhale it. Added bonus: they work with local farms/gardeners to buy as much local stuff as possible. This is awesome! They even list who their providers are on the back of the menu! I love this place. I love these people. I know you will too. If you don't, you have no soul.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,7/24/2012,242,340,2,6,6>Our city is lucky to have this place. They usually stock just about everything that we need for the brews that we want to try. We've made several recipes and they've provided most of the ingredients. The owners is very knowledgeable and helpful. However, don't walk in there knowing zero about beer. Do your research about the process and have your recipe sorted out beforehand. The have books, equipment, and ingredients in this one stop shop.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,7/23/2012,146,418,3,7,4>There are so many good restaurants in New Orleans, but this is the first one that has me impressed enough to say that this may just be my favorite restaurant in town. That's not to say I like absolutely everything on the menu, but this is the first restaurant I've ever been to where even for the dishes I didn't quite enjoy, I understood why the chef did what he did. Although I may have preferred something done differently, I was able to appreciate what the chef was trying to do and see why someone else may enjoy these flavors. I like to cook, but I have no formal culinary cooking. My palate is above average, but hardly sophisticated. With every dish here though, my taste buds were taken on a journey of flavor. Nothing is wasted here. Every item on the plate serves some purpose and flavors interact beautifully. For instance, the pickled vegetables plate came with kettle chips and a horseradish sauce. The sauce and the kettle chips offset the acidity of the pickled items perfectly. On the crab dish, the garnishes interacted wonderfully with the perfectly spiced meat.I was with a friend and we ordered a bunch of small plates to share. I was initially disappointed because I saw that the plates were really small and psychologically I felt that the small portions would lead to an underwhelming meal, no matter how delicious the food was. My feeling is that if I like something, I want lots more of it, and although the food here is delicious, the size of the small plates is not intended for sharing. I admit though, after sharing an appetizer plate, three small plates, and one entree, I was filled, even though I didn't not think I was.Service is great and they give you new plates and silverware with each course. The restaurant is part of the Saint Hotel so is smaller than I expected - basically it just occupies some space in the lobby. But it is tastefully decorated. You wouldn't think to come here just by walking by, but it's certainly worth the experience.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,7/22/2012,162,269,5,8,4>When Mia's opened, I was skeptical. Watching the construction and all the hype gave me a healthy dose of skepticism. New restaurants pop up all the time in my neighborhood, all trying to be The One True Restaurant or some malarky. So I put off even trying new ones if they give me a bad turn. Turns out I was wrong. There is no One True Restaurant any more than there is One True Best Mardi Gras Parade Throw, but there are some good ones out there. Let's pretend that Mia's is a string of medallion beads: fancy enough, more fun than the usual string of beads, and a bit novel...but no Muses shoe or Zulu coconut. It's worth jumping for but not worth scrambling for. You see where this is going? I've only done brunch here, but I've done it multiple times. Friends, I believe in brunch. I think brunch has power, and it certainly colors my entire weekend. Starting out on the patio (in January!) without my coat, having a low-key server who appeared when he was most needed, good cocktails, and a lavish menu of solid brunch fare was enough to win me over. Everything I've noshed on was great, although the clear winner in my book is any and every dish involving poached eggs. (I love poached eggs. But can I poach eggs? No. Heartbreaking.) I also discovered my new favorite brunch cocktail at Mia's: the dazzlingly simple poinsettia. Would I eat lunch or dinner here? Sure, when I've run out of other recipes to cook and restaurants to visit. For now, I'm a devoted bruncher. Poached! Eggs! Poached! Eggs! Accessibility notes: Ramp up to the main patio. Can get loud with TV noise at bar. Stairs up to the second floor dining area. No Braille menu or signage.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,7/21/2012,48,158,2,8,4>Today my friend Karen and I made a trip over to the Bywater for some Filipino food.We started off with the appetizer plate which was 5 lumpia shanghai rolls and 2 large lumpia rolls as well as 2 longanisa sausages for $14. Everything was great. The lumpia is just like my mom's and the Longanisa was good although I would have liked some vinegar served with it.It was also a little more expensive than I was expecting, all that being said, it was still very good and just like Mom'sWe then had spam rice which was basically pan fried small chunks of spam mixed with fried rice, green onions, fresh tomatoes and topped with a fried egg for $8. It was DELICIOUS and the pricing was spot on.  I know Spam sounds weird, but try it in this dish, it's awesome.We also had the chicken adobo. It was pretty good and the sauce was sweet and garlicky and wonderful on top of the white rice. It wasn't a ton of food but it was a good amount of meat. I would love it if they had the option of serving this over garlic rice with a fried egg. The price for this was $11 which is the norm for a meal in New Orleans but was hoping it would be a little less expensive.For dessert we had Halo Halo. it was definitely true to taste Halo Halo and was very good. I didn't taste the ice cream, although Ube (sweet taro) ice cream would be perfect on top. Also I was hoping for a larger dish. I guess I'm just used to the big ones they give you at that Filipino fast food restaurant in the Philippines.I recommend this place to ANYONE and EVERYONE. Filipino food is hard to come by in the south and this place is delicious. It's a little expensive, but there's no where else you can get it in New Orleans. I'd love to see some additions to their menu including both kinds of pancit (bihon and palabok) and more -silog dishes (longsilog, tocino-silog, adobo-silog). I know Crispy Pata (pork with fried skin) is probably asking a lot but that would be awesome too. Would also recommend making a larger portion halo halo with some ice cream on top and add condensed milk.  It would also be great if they were open all the time and I wish they would consider doing a pop up somewhere uptown. It might be hard to start a full time restaurant in this town since ppl don't know what filipino food is and how good it is but giving them a little taste throughout town would be perfect.I would DEFINITELY recommend starting a booth at the different festivals around town to give people a taste of your food too. (freret street to start...)Try it - open sundays 2 pm until, they take credit card
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,7/20/2012,61,97,2,6,4>so i read some of the reviews on here, and I've heard several reviews from several friends. most of my friends loved this place and most of their friends did too, however, just like on here there were a few people that had a "meh" experience with the food.  i think i may have discovered the explanation for this in that word on the street is that the menu is purposefully vague so that whomever is working that night can put their twist on the dishes. i TOTALLY agree with this theory in theory, however i think in practice it runs the risk of being inconsistent. So maybe if/ when people go back they should track the days they have great meals versus not so great and see if maybe that means they just happen to like whomever is behind the stove that day more than someone else... then again.. they requires paying attention and math and likely a  chart or something, and let's face it, not everyone is nerdy enough to do this... i might be.i had a WONDERFUL meal.  as did my three friends with me.  After a harrowing day of listening to free music in the sun and then running over to the country club to relax in the pool and the hot tub we found ourselves starving at 9:00 pm and faced with the conundrum of where we could go to catch a good meal and not be completely under dressed in our sundresses and bathing suits and also not be those annoying customers running in at the last minute.  the only guy with us, poor thing or lucky depending, reminded us that Maurepas was right up the street and a unanimous loud and resoundingly happy yes followed from the rest of us and off we traipsed just the few blocks towards deliciousness.it is loud. i won't lie. the surfaces are reflective, but in an extremely comfortable way, it was somehow homey and yet modern. our table didn't have a problem hearing one another, but i could see how with a packed house it might get to be too much. the lighting was great, enough to see what we were about to devour and not so harsh as to show off our sunburns and frizzy poolside hair.the service was wonderful. our waiter was friendly and funny, insuring we had what we needed and laughing with us when we had the inevitable... ummm.. it all looks so good i don't know what i want moments...  the rest of the staff seemed to have a great outlook as well which is wonderful.we ordered the cheese plate and drinks first.  now, we got a large cheese plate and this felt a little under on portion size, but it was damn delicious and the candied walnuts, it turns out, might be baked with crack. (seriously, even now i want them.)  our drinks were awesome. my friends all ordered the Japanese one, and i tasted it, being that i dislike all of the flavors in the drink it wasn't my cup of booze, but it was well blended and balanced and had i liked lychee or any of that it would have been killer. i went for the gent and the jackass. it was top notch. bourbon, paprika, basil, and lemon...it called to me and it was delicious.  delicious. and strong. yay!we ordered a whole bunch of food:me: grits (I'd been craving them for a week), grilled shrimp (came with a small bit of salad and potatoes of deliciousness and were very crisply grilled, i even overcame my fear of eating things with the eyes still on them) and the shortcake for dessert (lots of strawberries, biscuit like shortcake just how i like it)d: orchietti (i took a bite and looked at it and said "i want to put my face in that" and restrained myself from reaching over him to spear more), goat tacos (i didn't try these but he swears they are awesome, they looked and smelled great), and pecan chocolate pie (rich, seriously, but tasty and the sweet potato ice cream ROCKED)m: roasted beets (like candy without the sweetness), the mussels (as a woman raised on my grandmother's mussels i always look forward to them done well, and these were done so freaking well. the broth was incredible seriously delicious) and the mint ice cream sandwiches (the mint ice cream was like spearmint, i kept sneaking bites of it out of her bowl... seriously could have stuck my face in that too. want more right now)m: strawberry salad (hello plethora of strawberries, like a farm on spring greens), and the quarter chicken leg (holy crap was that huge plate of food, with the greens and the grits and the poached egg.. it was where it's at.)d told us after we ordered dessert that there is an option when you order the cookies and milk to get it with one of their cocktails that is bourbon and cream and some other deliciousness...and i can totally see myself doing that next time i go.  because there will be a next time.  and i will be getting the orchietti.  i will.  and also, hello, we all basically got a 4 course meal for a little over $30.00 a piece including drinks.  normally in a place like that it would be double the cost.  umm.. yes!  i think i may even have the ladies from the office ready to go this Thurs.  i know my taste buds are already doing the food happy danc
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,7/19/2012,91,53,7,6,3>Let me start talking a little about myself. I am  a Puerto Rican (one of the real ones not the ones that come from the NYC or the MIA) and for the last 3 years I have become accustomed to feeling a little out of place in most of the places I go (even in the Latin places). I am too white to be deemed a latino and my accent gives me away every time (to what people call a "European kind of sounding accent). This is why I was extremely weirded out when I came in to the "Neutral Ground Coffee House" and felt more out of place than I have ever felt in the city.This place has a weird crowd -to say the least- and a weirder atmosphere. It's like the 60's stood still in this place and while doing so, they took a couple of hippies that swore to keep this place fighting the power all the way to the 21th century. As a result, the place and the people are warm, welcoming and a little high (and this is all good with me), the have poetry readings, open mics, and a little seating room for reflection.Don't come for the coffee, its not their strong point. Come for a good time and get out and fight the man, cause the man is keeping us all down.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,7/18/2012,154,280,5,6,5>I'm giddy, I'm 100% stupid excited right now. I've just had the crappiest week that nothing can fix except sushi. I ordered delivery & am now waiting for my soup, salad, and 3 ROLLS for $26!!!!!!!! Y'all, it doesn't get any better than drinking ice cold beer on my big red couch while looking forward to some decently priced, fresh sushi... I don't care how long it takes to get here or how much rice they used. This, my friends, is what they call a very good situation.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,7/17/2012,56,171,6,12,11>If you like fast food chicken, this place is going to blow your mind.  Since this is the debut month, it's incredibly packed, but worth the wait.I had the grilled chicken with sweet plantains, two torillas and Rosa Jamaica (Hibiscus tea).  OMG, it was wonderful!  I couldn't wait to devour every last morsel and thought about licking the cardboard box the chicken was in.  KFC should brace for serious profit losses, because this chicken is juicy and flavorful.  For $8, I was sold on this Guatemalan treasure and cannot wait to return!Be warned, the drive thru is in Spanish until you stumble and say, "uh, can I get a number 3".  But don't fret, the employees are bilingual, so you'll be good to go.  The only issue is that it is located at a busy intersection.  For an extra tidbid of weird confusion, the Pollo Campero LED sign also advertises for the laudrymat next door, so if you're scratching your head wondering, "free dryers?"  "What the hell?" Clearly, the PC and the laundrymat are owned by the same person...weird, but what can you do.Go get you some, it's soooo good!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,7/16/2012,58,144,4,6,6>What a great little Mediterranean cafe!  I took my husband here for dinner with a restaurant.com certificate that I bought for a bargain.When we walked in, the place was completely empty except for the owners/server/cooks.  (Yikes. Red flag?)We started with the falafel and dolmathes; both were very good. (A couple more customers walk in.)For an entree, we split the night's special--a slow roasted lamb shank.  (Many more customers walk in.)The lamb was FABULOUS.  In fact, you could tell the owner was very proud of this dish, he came over to ask us if we liked it. "This is what my family eats at home," he said.  Umm, excuse me, can I be invited to your house for dinner?By the time we left, the place was quite busy.  It turns out my husband and I must eat like old people and wanted dinner really early compared to most.Great food and great laid-back service.  I definitely recommend.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/15/2012,201,188,2,5,4>What a great fest!  Roadfood Fest was nice and small and not crowded at all.  Basically it's the complete opposite of French Quarter Fest, and as much as I love FQF, I enjoyed this fest too.  There were a good 20 to 30 vendors I believe at decent prices, which allowed my boyfriend and I to try a variety of the foods offered.  Like every food fest there were hits and misses.  Overall, I enjoyed this small-scale festival.  It's nice not to be rubbed against someone when walking around in the hot sun.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,7/14/2012,254,539,,6,4>I had one of the best things I ever ate.It makes me sad to realize it was only a special and I can not get it whenever my heart desires...Brunch on a Sunday had a bit of a wait but once we added our name to the list it was a quick 15-20min wait for a table.  Go next door and grab a bloody mary to go and enjoy while you wait.  Ridiculously moist and flavorful mound of pulled pork (I'd love to eat this on a sandwich as is, but this too isn't a regular menu item)...this oh so amazing pulled pork was ontop of over easy eggs, ontop of jalapeno corn bread, drizzled with chipotle cream sauce. You got all that??  I'd be tempted to give Surrey's 5 stars for that meal alone but it was my first visit so I wont jump the gun.My friends seafood fritatta was delicious as well, and had lots of fresh seafood.I'm definitely coming back!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,7/13/2012,224,517,1,6,4>One of the best gunbo's in the city served with a great shrimp or oyster poboy. Something truly New Orleans about this place.  My stop before work on Starlight Friday's at the Fair Grounds.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,7/12/2012,54,438,2,6,5>I have a bit of a special relationship with City Park. For three  years I went to school at Christian Brothers School, which is located in the park. That means being there five days a week (at least while school is in session). And yet it never got old. The amazing oak trees are a majestic sight.Not only does it contain a school, City Park also has botanical gardens, a small amusement park for kids, refreshments, and New Orleans Museum of Art. That's not an exhaustive list, there more to find at the Park; those were just off the top of my head.One last note: every winter (or at least what passes for winter here) the Park transforms for Celebration in the Oaks. The park is decked with lights and displays and becomes something amazing to behold.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,7/11/2012,526,986,3,7,8>The Saints may not have made it to the Super Bowl this year, but they get to be my 300th yelp review, so that's something!Since I was born and raised in New Orleans I am, of course, a life long Saints fan.  I was lucky enough to go to my first ever (can you believe it?!) Saints game this year, and I had such an amazing time.  The energy in the dome was indescribable and you could feel something magic in the air.Even when I don't have tickets to a game, I watch every Sunday with friends and cheer them on no matter what.  Saints fans are some of the best in the world.  Win or lose, Saints fans will go down to the airport and welcome players home from their away games.I don't have to talk about how amazing the Super Bowl win was and what it did for the people of the city.  You already know all that.  You already know all about the victory parade that stopped the city and the fact that there wasn't one report of violence that evening.The Saints definitely do something magical for New Orleans, and for that we will always be grateful.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,7/10/2012,152,91,7,6,3>Who out there hasn't thought to themselves, "I wish they had a Chuck E Cheese for adults." Well here it is, complete with alcohol and delicious bar food. Skee-ball, Bowling, Nudey Photo Hunt, Ping Pong, Video Poker, Pac-Man, you name it they got it. It's definitely not for everyone, but if you're an alcoholic kid at heart you should definitely drop by. Try the jalapeno poppers and a burger if you're stomach is grumbling! Everything is priced well, and we've always left happy. As for the smoke, I've never been there when it was that awful, but then again I'm never one to go out on crowded nights.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,7/8/2012,120,120,3,6,6>Everything you love about Satsuma- cute, funky, eclectic atmosphere; light, fresh, delicious food; and friendly, low-key service- is now available in the evening. I already knew I liked Satsuma for brunch and lunch but was really impressed by their dinner menu. I would give it a 4.5 if I could.The dinner menu is fairly small and seems to change based on availability of ingredients. Last night, there were 4 "bites," 6 appetizers, and 6 entrees- a vegan option, two vegetarian pasta dishes (available in small or large portions), lamb, chicken, and fish. My friend and I split the Gougeres, which was a nice size portion for a "bite"- 3 Gruyere puffs with prosciutto and tomato jam. Next, we shared the shrimp ceviche, which was accented by smoked paprika, followed by the zucchini salad. This salad was one of my favorite items, with ribbons of zucchini intermingled with feta, frisée, lemon vinaigrette, and pistachios. For our entree, we shared the larger portion of gnocchi. This was really tasty- pillowy gnocchi sautéed with sage, slivers of butternut squash and Tuscan kale, lightly coated in brown butter, and topped with Parmesan. Everything was really flavorful yet still not overly heavy, so we each ordered dessert. I concluded my meal with a lovely cinnamon apple cranberry crisp topped with cream, accompanied by a huge mug of decaf coffee.Our total bill for all of this wonderful food was less than $60, including tax and tip. If you want wine with dinner, Satsuma is BYOB with a mere $5 corkage. If you're in the Marigny or Bywater and are looking for a fresh, healthier alternative for brunch, lunch, and now dinner, check out Satsuma Café.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,7/7/2012,673,327,9,13,7>OMG I love this place. So much so that I cannot believe I haven't written a review for it yet. What a slacker I've been! For shame. Merchant is totally the venue of my dreams when it comes to a place I can go if I need to get out of the house and work. It has EVERYTHING.All the other coffee shops and bars I frequent for quality time with my laptop have one or more failings - small tables, too few outlets, inconvenient hours, inconvenient location, no caffeine, no booze, crappy wifi. However, Merchant has everything I could want from a coffee shop. And then some. First of all, the space is gorgeous. I feel like I'm in another city, somewhere in Europe, because the design is very, well, designed. In a good way. You'll see what I mean when you step inside. The coffee they serve, Illy, is a fantastic brand. High octane and delicious. And perfectly prepared by extremely friendly, helpful and customer-oriented staff. Everyone I've encountered at Merchant has been a delight, which is certainly not always the case at most places.In addition to great coffee, they serve food (I've had breakfast, lunch AND dinner there by now, since they're open all day until 8pm), and although I haven't tried it yet, I know they serve booze (because what else could "grapes" stand for in the "Coffee, Crepes, Grapes" that serves as their tagline). Speaking of crepes, I'm so glad to have somewhere other than the places Uptown to get a nutella filled crepe when I have a craving. All places should sell nutella crepes, but that's another story.So. Merchant has coffee, food, booze, and ambiance. The attention to detail is apparent in the way the tables are set up in the corridor area (just off the main bar where you place your order), because each table has power outlets next to it on the floor, and there are potted plants that serve as dividers between the tables, which afford some privacy if you're there for a meeting (or just don't like people staring at you when you're hunched over the computer, posting status updates to Facebook about how you should really be working). The wifi connection is good, in my experience. On top of all that, the tables themselves are large, so you've got plenty of room even if you've got coffee, plates of food, and two laptops spread out in front of you. Which I know because I've tried this. Cannot tell you how happy I am to have found THE perfect coffee shop for the freelancer who sometimes wants to be around people (instead of cats) and wear real clothes (instead of pajamas). This is definitely a place I can spend hours and hours being productive, without having to leave for food/coffee/functioning internet, etc. Hooray for Merchant! You'll be seeing me there again soon.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,7/6/2012,53,105,18,11,11>This is a review of the food only. I cannot vouch for the rest of the insectarium because I always go straight to the cafe to chow down.   The following is a break down of all of the dishes. Mango chutney with meal worms and or wax worms - This delicacy is mildly spicy with a sweet and tangy kick from the fresh mango. I prefer the wax worms with this dish because the smooth texture plays well with the chunky chutney. 4.5 starsBeer pairing recommendation: a citrusy IPA would compliment the complex flavors presented here.Salsa with meal worms - My least favorite dish. I think this is just pace salsa with toasted meal worms. The meal worms add a crunch which is weird since salsa is normally not crunchy nor does it usually make you pick legs out of your teeth. 1 starBeer pairing recommendation: Light lager, mostly to get the taste out of your mouth.Cucumber mint yogurt with meal/wax worms - Phenomenal.  The meal worms are crunchy and that's good, it compliments the crunch of the cucumber.  My only complaint is I wish they had some warm naan to dip with. 4.5 stars Beer pairing recommendation: Doppelbock, the warm alcohol presence contrasts pleasantly with the cooling cucumber and mint.  Roasted cajun crickets - These little guys are pan roasted and sprinkled with what I believe is Tony Chachere's and the result is one of the best tasting snacks in the city.  The crickets taste like sunflower seeds with an extra smoky, oily pop to them.  Sunflower seeds of the Gods perhaps.  They are also much better for you than sunflower seeds.  5 starsBeer pairing recommendation: What ever your favorite session beer may be, these will go along as perfectly as pretzels or peanuts. Roasted cinnamon sugar crickets - Amazingly, these lack the meaty, oily smokiness of the cajun crickets.  They remind me a shoe sole; that crispy pastry covered in cinnamon sugary goodness.  Crisp, delicate and delicious. 5 starsBeer pairing recommendation: A coffee stout, the roasted coffee flavors highlight the sweetness of the crickets. Chocolate chirp cookies - It's a simple chocolate chip cookie but with crickets baked in.  I've never been a big fan of chocolate chip cookies but it turns out that this is what they were missing the whole time.  The crickets add a buttery nuttiness to the cookie as well as that slight burst of oil I mentioned earlier.  Perfection.  Don't miss out on this treat. 5 stars.Beer pairing recommendation: A smooth stout or lager would work here, but I would recommend a simple glass of milk as the perfect companion.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,3/28/2011,118,34,13,9,6>Yes, it is a liquor store. Yes, it is in a dodgy part of town. Yes people panhandle right out front. And yes, I absolutely love it.I am giving this place 5 stars to make myself feel better about how much time I spend here. The fact that a liquor store is probably my favorite place in town might indicate a personality flaw, but I'm going to ignore it for the time being. My experience with their po-boys is limited only to the breakfast one, and it is definitely worth it.Yolanda works here every night, and she and I have a great relationship. She will pretty much make you anything you want, which is awesome, but lately I have been getting the cheeseburger, which is a big, sloppy, delicious mess and perfect for drunk devouring, no pictures please. I have no idea how much anything costs here, because I am always completely inebriated by the time I make it through those sacred doors. I recommend eating whatever food you buy on the curb outside the door. I promise you, you will not meet such an eclectic and interesting group of people ever again, or at least until you come back.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,3/27/2011,53,45,5,11,8>What can I say that hasn't already been said?This:  the $20 3-course lunch is the best client/business lunch.  Or just any reason lunch.  First, most people don't know that August serves lunch, so it's not packed.  Second, um, $20 for a three course lunch at August?  Um...yeah...we're so foolishly spoiled in New Orleans.  It's rediculous.  So I can take 2 people out to lunch, three courses plus the little egg-mouse-caviar pre-lunch lagniappe, for nothing.  Rediculous, I say again.  In a good way, of course.Today I had the little lagniappe, some shrimp pot-stickers in a broth that was presented in a small french press (love their presentation always), the crab ravioli, and a chevre/fig/honey dessert.  I could go on and on about each dish, but I think you can get the gist by reading the rest of the reviews on here that I'm only vaguely beginning to tell you about these complexly luscious things.  August is perfect.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,3/26/2011,65,92,9,10,10>Like Mr. Chad below me, I had passed by Crescent City Steaks a million times. It wasn't until I heard Tom Fitzmorris talking about it on his radio show that I paid it any mind. According to him this is one of only three places in the city that serve grade A prime dry aged beef, the others being Emerli's Delmonico, and I think Domenica? From the stories I've heard Crescent City Steaks was once one of a few steak houses in that area, patronized by hungry gamblers going to and coming from the racetrack. I have even heard stories that Ruth's Chris got it's recipes and start from this place.Anyway since I heard all that info over the past year or two I had been hyping this place up in my head. Imagining a utopia of steak, cut and served by beautiful seductive siren's manipulating all with huge slabs of well cooked rich flavored beef. And guess what? This all came true! Ok, not all of it, while certainly the staff is very attractive they are not steak sirens. Our table got a porter house for 4 along with some sides. I've never ordered such a large piece of meat before, I had no idea what to expect. I've also been disappointed so many times after I've hyped a restaurant up. The steak was absolutely cooked perfectly, like, I've never tasted a better steak ever in my entire life. In fact it was so good it has really changed my opinion of steak. Apparently they cook there steaks in like butter or something, on top of that it is dry aged meat which adds a really deep flavor to it. Like the steak was so tender and hot, I just wanted to shove the entire porterhouse for 4 in my mouth and stab anyone who wanted to take it away from me. As far as steak goes, you won't be disappointed, I've eaten many cuts of meat in my day, I'll say it again and again, this is the best steak I've ever eaten.We also got a few sides, none particularly memorable, but they weren't bad. They also have a Hurricane here with actual fruit juice! None of that pat o's powdered/syrup mix crap. The wine and drink list is also very extensive.The interior of the place is great, like clearly hasn't been renovated or changed much since it's opening in 1934, and if it was it was probably like 1944. Floors are tiled, it's got those metal tile things on the ceiling, and closed boths you can eat in! I've heard the closed curtain both thing used to be common among high end resturants back in the day. I suppose people now want everyone to see them wolf down some meat, I encourage you to hide that behavior in one of the booth areas. It's cool, and you'll probably never eat at another restaurant like it anymore. Service was perfectly fine, efficient, friendly, quick. Anyway only downside is, this place is expensive, but luckily it was my birthday, so I didn't have to pay. But unfortunately that cost will probably prevent someone like me from ever eating there again.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,3/25/2011,242,340,4,11,4>Like the Open Table online reservation service. Luckily I used it because this place was packed on a Sunday morning. Jazz brunch was kicking. Even though we had a reservation, we weren't seated quickly, and we could barely hear the hostess because the jazz band is practically on top of you when you walk in the door.But this is NOLA and loud in your face jazz comes with the territory. Most people need the pick-me-up after a long night of drinking anyway. Dishes are from $13-20. I got the namesake dish with fried green tomatoes, poached eggs and lump crab meat. Next time I'd ask for grits instead of homefries because I'm not into potatoes. I wouldn't recommend the green tomoato part because they weren't ripe, but the crabmeat was fabulous. Next time, I want to try the crabmeat salad. mmm.There was a serve yourself bloody mary bar which looked like lots of fun. I recommend giving this place a try, but don't expect star treatment if you are in a small party. We never saw our waitress after someone dropped off our food. I had to ask someone to get her after I was done with my entree to bring me jam which I had requested early on and to refill my water. My dining partner asked for more coffee three times before she got it. In the waitress' defense, her other table was quite large, and they were getting all of the love. I'll try it again sometime because the atmosphere was sunny and upbeat. Speaking of sunny, I felt bad for the two tables out front. I bet they got a sunburn. ouch.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,3/22/2011,9,58,7,6,6>Some day in this place, the wrong butterfly will land on the wrong bookcase, which will tip over, and the whole joint will go down in a cloud of book dust and really heavy hardbacks.Meaning, this is the most chaotic, crammed, beautiful bookstore in the city. It's like a portrait of the whole project of reading/knowledge: messy, hard to make sense of, and full of more than you'll ever have time to take in or understand.The proprietor, however, is shockingly put together and squeaky clean, and luckily he seems to know what he has about as well as I can imagine anyone would.Their foreign language selection is by far the best I've found in the city, particularly in French and Spanish, but they also seem to have a great deal of German, Latin, and Russian (none of it any use to me).
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,3/21/2011,143,66,2,6,6>Love, Love, Love this place.  I'm a sucker for historical dive bar and this is one....hands down.   There's only two words to describe this bar "eclectic dichotomy" a strange mixture of old and new; rustic wood, brick walls, stone floors and a A/C window unit.   The front half of the bar is filled with locals mixed with a sprinkle of tourist all sitting around the rustic fireplace centered in the middle of the room.   The beer is flowing, the jukebox is playing and everyone is laughing and having a good time.   Then before you know it, you turn around, walk 10 paces (while trying to find the bathroom) and you discover the piano bar.  A small, even more dimly lit area of the bar filled completely with candles.   Everything just slows downs here as the ambiance of the room takes over.  If there's any chairs available around the piano I would suggest you grab one, sit down and enjoy Angelle (the pianist) spurring out Billy Joel, Elton John, Stevie Nicks, and whatever else you request.    She's a true Nawlin's girl, saucy but charming....haha   She will definitely let you know how she feels about the fools in the front of the bar pouring money into the jukebox instead of her fluted glass jar resting on top the piano.   Rather you're a local or tourist, I promise you will love the experience!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,3/20/2011,34,41,4,8,6>Stein's is, by far, one of my favorite sandwich joints in town. They have a fantastic selection of food as well as beverages that you won't know what to do with yourself when you first walk in. It can be a little overwhelming if you go at a busy time (like lunch), so make sure you don't let that turn you off. The staff is nice, but they're pretty no-nonsense. They want to get you your food as soon as possible without stinching on quality. That's partly what I like about it. They work like a well-oiled machine, but they're sorta laid back at the same time. My usual? The Sam sandwich with an Abita Root Beer. Pastrami, swiss, russian dressing, and cole slaw on rye (if you want it) bread served hot with a kosher pickle on the side. It's absolutely one of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever tasted. And that's just one sandwich on their list of deliciousness. There are a bunch more that you have to check out as well. It's a great deli with a cool atmosphere. And they're picnic tables outside, so you can enjoy the lovely Magazine Street while you eat. So get yourself to Stein's, pick your sandwich, and go talk to the funny little guy behind the register. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,3/19/2011,62,66,7,7,6>Nom-effing-nom. I love hitting this place up in the late-night for my crepes fix.Staff is awesome - always friendly, witty, and talented with a crepe pan and spatula-thing-a-ling. Dessert crepes here are just like any other.The chicken-based ones are better...The breakfast crepes are what rock my yelping world. The Salmon Benedict is to die for... I would die if I had a craving for this and could not have this: Melted cheese (of your choice, I prefer swiss) and one egg wrapped around fresh salmon slices that bake with the hot cheese and a slather of hollandaise. I might have to pause this review to go get one. 2 Crepes for about $12 (always tip your rad creper - not mad creeper)Passing the drunk Tulane kids also makes me feel better about my life. Not gonna lie, that is one obnoxious part about going here, but it's laughable. Always fresh!Lots of selections.Nice staff.Great for late night.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,3/18/2011,179,277,5,14,10>I walked into the small coffee shop at the corner of Arabella and Magazine with absolute skepticism.  I'll just come out and say it: I'm a coffee snob. Yes, I drink the swill served at diners across this city, but it hardly even registers as coffee in my brain.  Its... breakfast drink. Good coffee is in a wholly different category. It hangs out at La Divina, Fair Grinds, and even sometimes at Angelo Brocatos. You can drink it without milk or sugar and truly enjoy it.  It only appears maybe at 1 in 5 visits and it is a beautiful thing.I sat down at the tiny bar inside. It only has about 4 barstools. There is a brief menu on the wall. I can't reproduce it exactly, but it is rather bare-bones - something like espresso, cappuccino, latte, and drip coffee. The drip lists several different methods of extraction, all which yield slightly different results. After some deliberation, I opted for a double espresso. The barista (Tamara) assured me I haven't had espresso like this anywhere else in New Orleans. It sounded pretentious as hell. But I sat patiently as she ground, dosed, tamped, and pulled my shots.I watched as the golden nectar dripped from the portafilter for nearly 25 seconds. I had never seen a shot take that long in New Orleans. Usually, the machine is squirting the damn espresso out like milk from a cow's utters around here. Its the slow, glorious drip that makes the shot great (among other things).She served it up in a demitasse cup with a glass of sparking water. Never seen that done anywhere else before, but it was a nice touch. The espresso was phenomenal. I'll leave it at that. And at $2 + tax, I could come back every day of the week.As I was sitting at the bar, I observed a young woman come in and order a cappuccino, to go. The barista presented her with a small cup, appropriately sized for a real cap (1/3 each of steamed milk, espresso, and foam). Of course, she balked and wanted a larger size, which would actually be a latte, since she's still just getting a double shot. Anyway, it seemed rather undignified to put such a delicious concoction into a paper cup and walk down the street with it or worse yet, put it in your cup holder and drink it half an hour later, lukewarm, at the office. This coffee deserves to be consumed at the bar. You could easily enjoy your espresso in all of 2 minutes, so do it! Turns out Tamara wasn't being pretentious when she told me I'd never had espresso like hers. She was just being honest. My skepticism has been wiped away by great espresso.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,3/17/2011,196,337,15,14,11>My first visit and Im already SOLD. It's everything I ever dreamed of for the perfect people watching expedition.So I had a free day so went day drinking with a friend and ended up at the Country Club. Walked into the House style establishment amazed with how they transformed each room which was awesome.  We went to the bar and ordered some mimosa's and truly enjoyed the drinks and the bartender who was absolutely friendly and great! Apparently only Friday's its Dynasty Watching!!! Did you hear me I got to watch freakin Dynasty and drink mimosa's, the only thing that was missing was my pearls. Drinking and laughing at the awesomeness that is Dynasty made for an EPIC FRIDAY.   What made things better, men walking around in speedos... Yes I said speedos, I didn't even have words for the ability to people watch speedos. There is a pool and you can buy membership even daily passes, I thought  that was pretty awesome.I will definitely be back for some food, more drinks, and hopefully a little more speedo Dynasty action if Im lucky.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,12/28/2012,43,155,,5,3>I really think this is the best sandwich place in New Orleans, hands down.  Which obviously says a lot.  Since it's a new location expect longer wait times for now but it's definitely worth it!  I tried Clooney's Choice with avocado, tomato, roasted red pepper, onion, mozzarella (LOTS), cilantro, lemon mayo (delicious), and instead of chicken I asked for hummus.  The ciabatta bread is warm and maintains a slight crunch.  A friend of mine said she hates ciabatta bread (WHAAAT?!) because it's too crusty... well it's not crusty like that.  It's perfect.  These sandwiches are gigantic and are probably meant to eat in two different servings BUT they're so amazing I don't think it's possible to stop at half.  Maybe that's just my fat kid problem. Oh AND since all the sandwiches cost the same I don't feel like I'm getting totally ripped when I order a sandwich with meat :)My only complaint is that they aren't open on Sundays!!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,12/27/2012,368,74,6,3,5>The coffee cave of Oak St. makes me feel like I'm entering the set of Mad Max when I go for a cup of joe.PROS:- Double strength iced coffee- Several milk variants including RICE MILK- Vegan pastries- Lots of seating, including an area in the back which is kinda outside, kinda under tarps...(read tent city)- Great bathroom graffitiCONS:- Seem to be a hot spot for people off their meds. I have been randomly approached and spoken to about the Huey P. Long bridge conspiracy, the assassination of JFK and the existence of extra terrestrials etc. etc.I work and receive my education near Zotz and on many a sleepy day they have saved me from certain destruction... I am and will continue to be regular.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,12/26/2012,71,130,3,11,9>Best avocado smoothie, ever! They cut open a real live avocado, not a mix. Best strawberry smoothie, ever!  With boba, yes please. I would go as far to say addicted.... No trip to Hong Kong Market is complete without one. They offer sandwiches as well, which I have yet to try, but they look delicious. The prices are amazing considering my super smoothie is $5
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,12/25/2012,83,52,5,6,5>This place will be my new go to hair cut destination. Modern Men opened recently and fills a big void in the uptown hair cut option list. It is a small place, three barbers, and I liked that a lot. I had the male barber, Jason, and he was extremely nice and super professional. I have really curly hair and he dry cut it which no one had ever done before but it came out way better because you can see what the curly hair will actually look like when it is being cut. Complimentary wine, beer, or drink are provided while you wait and get your cut, which is awesome. While this place is a little pricey I used a yelp check in coupon for $5 off which was great. Also, other places around that are top hair cut establishments charge similar prices, and here you get a free drink, so I think it evens out. Also, I loved how they use a straight razor for the back of your neck, such a cool treat.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,12/24/2012,152,91,6,10,8>I have had many wonderful evenings at Bacchanal, which is why I'm so very surprised that I've yet to write a review! The staff is always super helpful with wine and cheese selections, and though I've yet to try food from their kitchen, I've been with groups that have and they had nothing but wonderful things to say about it. The prices on their wines and cheeses are so incredibly reasonable I don't know how they do it! After purchasing your booze you head to the backyard where there are plenty of mismatched tables and chairs to choose from. Every time I've had the pleasure of coming here they had a live band that was playing some killer mood music, torches lit, and lots of seating. They really know how to create a nice atmosphere. There is a cocktail bar if beer and wine aren't your jam, and be sure to bring cash or be prepared to use the ATM if you want something from the kitchen  because the counter you order food from is cash only. But whatever you do, don't pass up on Bacchanal.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,12/23/2012,34,251,3,10,8>I discovered Lilly's Cafe in Yelp and Urbanspoon and am thankful I did! I've been there three times in the past two weeks and have eaten in twice (during lunch diring the week and then dinner on a Saturday night) and ordered takeout once. As an Asian-American I'm very picky about my Asian food and have to say that Lilly's Cafe has one of the best combination pho around! I also enjoyed their eggrolls (with homemade plum sauce) and crab Rangoon! Both times I dined in I had NHI as a waitress who was quick, friendly, and efficient. Also, the owner, Lilly was very professional and pleasant! I'm a regular now and will keep driving from Mid-City to the Lower Garden District for awesome Vietnamese food!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,12/22/2012,894,496,3,9,9>My second favorite restaurant in the city!! I love Upperline!The food is simply amazing! The service is wonderful. The atmosphere is perfect. Ms. JoAnn is the owner and treats you like family. Creative menu. Beautiful artwork covering every wall.This is my go-to restaurant when my out-of-town friends want to try NOLA's finest.Recommend:- Roast Duck (tender as can be)- Fried green tomato with shrimp remoulade- Lamb Shank - Watercress salad- Gulf fish with hot & hot shrimp - Duck & andouille etouffee with corn bread & pepper jelly - Bread puddingOf all the amazing dining options in this fair city, Upperline is just a step above the rest.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,12/21/2012,526,986,11,13,12>Giving this one a "divey five".  A dive five.What it has:Miller High Life for $2 served to you out of an ice chest... just like your grandpa used to give you.Low ceilingsA pretty cool jukeboxA pool tableA diverse cast of charactersBright lightingWhat it doesn't have:A dance floorA tolerance for foolishnessUppity beer like Stella ArtoisBig screen tvs: Are you here for drinking or are you here for tv watching?Credit card machinesA "close" time
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,12/20/2012,64,156,5,7,5>Guy Fieri, my soul mate and spirit animal, would never steer you wrong. Granted, I had been to Surrey's twice before I realized that Guy had graced this establishment with his porcupined hair, backwards sunglasses presence. Admittedly, I've only been here for breakfast/brunch. I'm sure their lunch offerings are just as delicious, but I just love love love breakfast food all day, every day. And damn, do they do breakfast right here.Obviously, the juices are yummy. They don't call themselves a juice bar for nothing.What makes me happy is that the coffee is good. It really annoys me when a place tells me that they are a breakfast establishment and then the coffee turns out to be flavorless.As for the food, I have never had a bad meal here. The eggs with boudin is insanely delicious, though probably leading me to an early death. Their bagels are made in house and are the doughy deliciousness that a bagel should be.The service has been great every time I've been here. The servers are always sweet and are great at doing their job, which is getting me what I want in an efficient way yet also anticipating good timing. They are very laid back, like the establishment itself, which I love.Granted, I almost never eat here when it's super busy, so perhaps take my review with a grain of salt :)
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,12/19/2012,114,467,7,9,7>Oh China Doll. How I wanted to love you (Don't you hate when people use  that phrase?).The fact is...I do love you. I first visited China Doll (To be known as CD from now on) just weeks before Katrina.I had coconut shrimp and it was awesome. I used to live in California so I know Chinese food (Don't you also HATE when people use THAT phrase?).But I did and no...that doesn't make me an expert.Anyway, What I took away from that first experience was a heartfelt belief that I had a dependable, if slightly expensive, Chinese place to eat. (I hadn't discovered the joy that is take-out from China King).  The second thing I took away was sciatica. Seriously. I stood up after my delicious lunch and felt something *Click*...Didn't hurt at first but by the next morning, I couldn't walk without wanting to cry. That was my first experience with it.Sadly, I held a grudge.Yeah...I'm a douche-bag about silly stuff sometimes.So...since Pixie moved here, I've been trying to take her to CD and every time, something messed us up. Either coming before they open...or after...or on their closed day or on a day someone messed up and they didn't open on time.Since I have been trying so hard to find good Mexican for the Girly and failing miserably, I decided that after 4 bad tries, I'm gonna get SOME KIND of Asian food.So we came to CD. The Girly was anything but excited when I pulled in. She tends to put all Asian food into one category ( I'll keep working on that).But oddly enough. She not only LOVED her crispy chicken meal AND the crab Ragoons(sorry, she never remembers there is an N in there) and she even liked my dinner of oily Moo shu pork enough to say she might order it next time.The Girly also said she would love to bring her parents when they come to visit. YAY.My only down-vote has to do with ego. I failed as a fat-man. I ate one crab rangoon and a small bowl of THICK crab and corn chowder and by the time I got my meal. I was 4/5th full. CRAP-tastic!As for the girly,.\She got the crab rangoon. I ate one and it was really good, even if there were only 4 for 6 bucks. The 4 were more stuffed than 6 usually are..plus, they were smoky as well as having real crab.I got the crab and corn soup which, unlike most Chinese places in the area *Cough*5 Happiness *Cough* used giant lumps of actual crab. It took me by surprise.So...Ambiance=4Waitstaff=4 - She rockedFood=4 - almost perfect.Ambiance=5 - It's in a strip-mall type place but you would NEVER know it.Value=3 - It was good and the portions made me feel like a fat man failure. I was too full to eat 3/4ths of my meal. The Girly had a similar issue. Our lovely waitress boxed it up for us. So as LOCALS, the value would be 4 but for tourists, it may not be worth it.Would I recommend this restaurant? F_n A I would.And I won't even hold a grudge about that whole sciatica thing.I know you didn't mean it, doll...
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,9/20/2011,83,254,3,9,7>Love, love, love it!  I had an oyster appetizer that may be one of my favorite dishes of 2010.  It was poached oysters (and I usually only like them fried or raw) with Herbsaint, fennel, bacon and a hint of cream (and I usually don't care for fennel).  But this dish was so luscious and aromatic and I could have ordered three more.  Very nice with my Spy Valley Sauvignon Blanc.I liked my duck but wasn't wowed.  However, the BF's lamb shank made me swoon.  It was so meltingly tender and the tomato sauce it was cooked in had a bit of mint in it, just like my grandmother would have done.  This might be what I want to eat for my last meal on earth.They brought us a baked Alaska for dessert even though we didn't order it.  I have never tasted a meringue so creamy!  So much so that I was sliding it on the roof of my mouth to savor the texture longer.  Go to Bistro Daisy.  Take your beloved.  Order the oysters and the lamb.(FYI:  The online menu is not up-to-date)
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,9/19/2011,235,222,4,12,9>Upon our return to New Orleans after living for 7 years in Los Angeles, we moved to Lakeview and had to decide at which church we would attend Sunday mass.  There are several churches in the Lakeview  / Mid City / Bucktown area and we went to every single one of them.  However, we truly like Our Lady of the Rosary on Esplanade Avenue.  Father David Robicheux is a young energetic priest with a passion for his job and also for the community in which we live.  I'm not trying to be a "holy roller" but he actually translates the gospels into real world scenarios that we can all relate to.  Auxillary Bishop Shelton Fabre is also in residence and often presides over the Saturday vigil mass as well as the Sunday evening mass.The church itself is beautiful  and the few pictures that I have posted do not do it justice.  If you are a visitor to this city or just looking for a catholic church in the Bayou St. John area, then check it out.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,9/18/2011,0,9,24,13,9>Prepare yourself for the sketchiest, most rewarding dining experience you are likely to enjoy this week.  In terms of ambiance and ease, Manchu Chicken makes Popeye's look like an evening at Commander's (I would have thrown in the phrase "hole in the wall" except that holes in the wall don't usually come with so much bulletproof glass).  In terms of seriously addictive chicken wings, the place cannot be beat; there's a reason the word "crack" appears so much in the reviews for Manchu.I'm not even going to write this review properly.  I'm just going to throw out some key facts and let you make the right decision.1) The best chicken wings in the city, hands-down, at 50 for $20.2) Totally passable and sodium-laden fried rice that somehow complements said chicken perfectly.3) A location so charming that you simply have to visit it during the day so you can fully appreciate it.  4) No, seriously, please just go during the day.5) I think they've found a way to sell every beverage ever made in tall-boy form, so there is plenty to sip on while you play this carnival-style quarter gambling machine and wait for your obscenely large order of chicken wings to take home and eat alone while listening to Hank Williams, Jr.'s cover of 'All By Myself'.  Or you could share them with those you love.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,9/17/2011,61,97,11,4,6>Oh snake and jakes...... oh the brain cells, moments of dignity, and days of productivity you have cost me......I don't think you can really say you spent your college days at tulane or loyola without having spent at least one night inside the darkness that is this serious institution of a different kind of higher education.  Maybe that sounds elitist.  I'm not meaning it to.  If you've been there you have to know I can't possibily be saying snake and jake's is elitist.What it is is packed, dingy, dark, small, comfy in a garage sort of way, and full of memories.  This place is where we first discovered our friend's ability to nap anywhere at any time, this is where I've had the worst lemon drop I've ever had in my life, this is where I always learned to carry sunglasses because sometimes when you walk outside and you realize the sun has been up for over an hour you just can't handle the reality.  Don't go here expecting to dance.  To be served promptly.  To enter a clean bathroom, or for that matter not walk in on some people making out (if you don't find more) in there.  To not be smushed against a wall or crowded by one of the local characters.  Do expect to get a stiff drink at a fair price.  See locals and old folks (which after a recent visit around 2 am I realized I was) mingling with undergrads, hipsters, art students, local cops, and army dudes.  And definately expect to seriously knock off some brain cells.Snake and jake's serves one main function.  It'll get ya drunk.Secondary to that it'll get you into some really interesting conversations, maybe a fight, and if you want ... a hook up.  Though the snake and jake's hook up is always a story for another time.  Or one sometimes people don't tell their friends for years.The bartenders are all serious about their jobs.  My favorite is of course: andrew.  Mostly because I've known him since his days at tulane and he always serves his drinks with a smile while listening to some pretty awesome tunes.  And of course the fact that he's serious about the bar, the behavior, the drinks, the clientel, and keeping the place as in line as you can. And then again he does make a terrfific post snake and jake's oh god I'm too drunk to make it home breakfast partner and occasional get you in a cab buddy.  Every other bartender has been plenty nice enough and good at their job and have never let me down.  Except for that lemon drop and that's what I get for drinking vodka after an all day trip to greek fest.If you're looking for a quiet dive bar to just hang out with a few people get there for when they open and plan on leaving when the hoardes start arriving at midnight.  Or heading over for 2 and watching the seriously drunk stumble their way out the door down oak street and the somehwta more sober trickle out.  Above all... the one lesson I can seriously impart when related to this local landmark.  Do not, I repeat, do not ever trust that single square window in the door to tell you how late it is.  It will lie to you every time.  It's a trickster that window.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2011,9/16/2011,58,65,4,10,4>The only thing that is standing in the way of earning 5 stars is that it is not smoke free. The bartenders are smart, down-to-earth, knowledgeable, talented and will talk to me. You can play along with them and the tv contestants to Cash Cab, Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune while getting $1 off the house drinks and draft beer.Start with the Twelve Mile. It's comparable to a Cosmopolitan but with different ingredients and more delicious. As you drink your way down the list of house drinks the drinks get more adventurous. The cocktails are amazing. My favorites are the Twelve Mile, the Great Idea and the Baudin. The Great Idea tastes kind of like an Arnold Palmer/Pimm's Cup but that description doesn't do it justice. I believe the Baudin has honey and hot sauce so it's sweet and has a spicy bite at the end. Yummm. And strong too!There is always a nice selection of draft beers to go with the food. Speaking of the food... Mmmmm. If you like Barbeque, check this place out. Chris is the chef and his brisket or pork sliders are delish. He makes the best cole slaw, and the smoked chicken wings are amazing. If you like your wings wet, ask for a bit of barbeque sauce on the side. The wings are served with ranch dressing.A pool league meets here. So, clearly there's a pool table. There are seats at the bar, tall tables, regular tables and a couch. There are also a few slot machines in the back.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,9/15/2011,257,566,2,7,4>2 years after moving to New Orleans, I finally find someone who knows how to deal with my stick-straight blah-colored hair. Yay for Savannah!She was exceptionally helpful, especially since I had no idea what to do with my hair. All I knew is that I wanted a change in style and some highlights. After discussing it for a while, we came up with a plan, and she went to it.The highlights look great, and so does the cut! It's still stick straight, but now at least has some personality and texture to it... and it's definitely far from blah-colored.Love it!!! I'll be back. Oh, and you can book appointments online, so that's a plus. Also, note that they will be moving to a new location within the next month or so..
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,9/14/2011,54,438,3,7,4>I've had Taceaux Loceaux from their truck on night in front of The Kingpin. I wanted to write a glowing review for their iSupercabre! goat taceaux but a mobile truck doesn't really have much of a listing, so I included it on my review for Kingpin.Where to start? Best. Fries. Ever. They call it the BFE and they are right. Sliced fried avocado lightly fried and served with chipotle aioli. WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALL MY LIFE? I can't praise these enough.What about the taceaux? the iSupercabre! is a truck only so this night I decided to go with the Seoul Man, "Bulgogi Chix, Shredded Cabbage, Cilantro, Pickled Red Onions, Sriracha Aioli on Flour Tortilla". The flavor profile on this is incredible. The pickled onions work amazing against the aioli and cilantro. This is my second favorite taceaux.So we've got the what and the who, now for the where. Normally Taceaux Loceaux is served from a truck but this kitchen is set up right inside Chickie Wah Wah, a pretty nice bar/music venue. Only been there this once and it was loud, but it's a music venue so that's expected. They have a patio area I didn't try since the New Orleans heat was in full effect. Combine the bar with delicious taceaux and this is a good place to get some grub and listen to some tunes.One last note: Best. Fries. Ever. And only at this Taceaux Loceaux location.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,9/13/2011,272,184,4,14,8>On various drunken nights at Red Eye and/or Republic, I had stumbled by Beauty Lounge's red sign and never given it a second thought, until various Asian American New Orleans friends recommended it to me. Like, literally; I put out a query mentioning that I needed my super thick, straight, limp, uncut-for-a-year hair to be styled and layered and three people gave me the same recommendation: Phuong at Beauty Lounge. So I made an appointment and I'm now a loyalist.The first time I came here, I parked and paid on the street, without knowing that there is complimentary valet. Only that one time, though! The salon is upstairs, you walk through the door, up leopard-print carpet, and into a clean, bright, interior space. Rustic beams and a gold and turquoise wallpaper accent the space. I can say with honesty that I have never been as satisfied with my haircuts as I have been with Pee's. The first time I came, he spent time asking me about my hair, how much length I wanted to keep, and was very understanding about the way I needed my hair layered and lightened due to its thickness, unlike many experiences I've had with people who do not understand the volume of my particular Asian hair. Phuong is quick, professional, and a good conversationalist. Since then, I have come every few months and have have been extremely happy with the outcome every time. Last time, I was complaining that my hair was boring but I didn't want to damage it with coloring, so Pee suggested a feather extension. I was hesitant because, to be honest, there are 3rd grade students at my work with cheesy neon yellow feathers and I felt silly. The feathers he had, however, were some of the coolest yet subtle looking I've ever seen, and not only that, they were only $30 each. There are places on Metairie Road and Magazine Street that charge up to $75! The pricing is excellent, the service and product wonderful. Even when I visited California, I waited to come back to New Orleans to get my hair did. And if that's not a great rec, I don't know what is.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,9/11/2011,181,479,3,9,7>I wanna be a Roller Girl SO bad, but, I couldn't skate well at 14, so I can't imagine things have improved with age. Instead, I volunteered for their first season, back in 2006, and got a taste of the action without any risk to my limbs. Each of these woman is an athlete who spends hours and hours each week training for their once-a-month bout. This is real action with real danger and occasionally a fall or collision which results in a real injury. It is the REAL deal!!A night at the Roller derby is High Speed Fun  with Super Fierce Women and a guaranteed great time. GO!!!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,9/10/2011,62,70,4,5,4>I admit it.  I was the table that servers hate to see coming. I have been in the service industry, in all aspects for all of my working life. And if I woulda been my table I doubt I would have been nearly as patient.Cranky toddler, frazzled mom of said cranky toddler, and frazzled moms friend in tow. I don't always roll in LPK like that. My disclaimer is I have been coming here for years and have always had good/great service and always enjoyed my meals. I would easily, anyway, give them 4 stars.  But, after my last trip our server earned that coveted 5 stars.  I really am not the kind of person that brings a disgruntled child to a restaurant on a normal basis, but it was unavoidable. I'm not going to go into all the dramatic details, but that sweet waitress didn't roll her eyes, run away, or flinch at any of the shenanigans that my kid inflicted on us all.   I always enjoy my food here.  It is consistently good.  Pizzas are tasty, they offer whole wheat or white crust.  It's thin and crispy, as they have a wood burning stove.  I tried something new last time.  The goat cheese chicken pasta.  It was almost like a chicken picatta, but with goat cheese and artichokes rather than Parm and capers.  My friend had the Spaghetti and meatballs.  It was delish, huge, with a ton of big meatballs.  Both great comfort foods, and perfect choices for a cold, nasty day.The decor is cute and New Orleanisy with lots if local artist on display.  They have a full bar (thank you Tom Cruise and Oprah Winfrey!).I also really enjoy the French Quarter location as well.  The atmosphere is better there IMO, but this location I think is more family friendly.  My only real complaint is that this LPK doesn't do the Parmesan beignets with the Spinich and artichoke melt, like the FQ location.  They give you crappy bagged tortilla chips.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,6/2/2013,1085,123,23,27,18>(This review is rated "Prasad" by the Yelp Review Association of Bollywood)May a bare minimum of 330 million deities forever bless this somewhat hidden forehead jewel of Metairie. It's like Costco's immigrant stepbrother - a place where the quantities can be large, the selection nice, the prices low, and as a bonus: cheaper liquor than you can find inside even the best street rat trench coat storefront.Here's what I suggest you do. Go to your everyday grocery store and find the ethnic section. See those packets for "curry" and "tikka masala" and more? Yeah, those things are pouches full of lies. Their lack of flavor deserves their own evil transplant mustache. Never buy them again. They must be destroyed, forever banished from the face of the Earth. Our collective savior are stores like International Market, for they are a bounty of the real stuff. You know how you drink a Coke and think, "Damn, that's the good shit", and then someone tells you Sam's Club Cola is the same thing? No. No it's not. Destroy the dreams of their children for even suggesting a partial similarity.Want a small list of what we've bought here? Molten lava curry, frozen naan bread, Winston's Irish bacon and white pudding, Heinz beans, almond flour, $4 wine, soybean drink, allspice berries, ghee.There's the good stuff, and there's the wannabes. International Market is no wannabe. And if you go here to see for yourself, and bring some stuff home, the only wannabe involved will be your toilet for not being a bidet.Dance number time! youtu.be/5uacfOaJr_4
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,6/1/2013,173,162,8,7,6>"Donuts. Is there anything they can't do?" --Homer SimpsonWhen talking about Blue Dot Donuts, Homer says it best... anything goes! This place has donut flavors and toppings I've never seen before, but are sure to please. Their traditional glazed donuts also come topped with a variety of icings, there are at least ten different filled donuts (apple, cherry, raspberry, icing, Boston cream, chocolate, etc.), and a whole slew of cake donuts of varying flavors and coatings. But it is their speciality donuts that attract the masses.(*superhero theme plays here*)PRESENTING: THE MAPLE BACON DONUT!I will not be the first or last person to mention these babies in a review, but let me give you an example of how good they are... when I worked for an architecture firm in Mid City, we were in a meeting with a client and things were not going so well. All of a sudden, my boss looks at me, says "Donuts, madame. We must have donuts forthwith!" (yes, he was quoting), then sends me to Blue Dot with money and an order of a dozen maple bacon donuts. Needless to say, the meeting continued in a happier light and conflicts were resolved peacefully over sugar comatose.Also, for you double donut eaters... get ready. These donuts are BIG! One will fill you right up!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,5/31/2013,52,242,2,6,3>i feel like i need to update my review to another FIVE stars, because, well... their number is programmed in my phone (from february when I first tasted their delishusness).I have discovered HOT SAUCE on my shrimp po boy. Yes, I may be slow, but hey, at least I got it.Also, their fried catfish is delicious. OHHHH, AND the shrimp pasta - omigash. it's got a litttle bit of spice, that grows as you eat it, but is only a hint. I can't even talk about it right now, because they're closed, and now I'm thinking about it. Their fried rice is great, their cake - ohhh, the cake.. so sweet, and melts in your mouth...Tony (he's the guy, the only guy there, usually) is high comedy, and super sweet! And, the girls there are into Korean movies/tv - how do I know? Because I am Korean! I LOVE this place!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/30/2013,233,391,,8,5>Commander's Palace is quite simply the best restaurant in New Orleans, and one of, if not the, best restaurants in the United States. I travel all over the country for work, and I eat at some of the nation's best restaurants, and I have yet to come across a place that is on par with Commanders. There is not much that I can add to the hundreds of generally glistening reviews that precede mine, so I will just conclude by pointing out my favorite dish: the Shrimp & Tasso Henican. It is an appetizer made with butterflied white shrimp, tasso, ham, pickled okra, and a five pepper jelly, all covered in a Crystal hot sauce beurre blanc. It is spectacular and something I never miss out on when at Commanders. BOTTOM LINE: In the top 10 best restaurants on planet earth.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2013,5/29/2013,234,1331,3,10,9>The people of France gave the golden bronze statue of Joan of Arc to the City of New Orleans in 1959.  Unfortunately New Orleans was unable to find a way to pay the  expense to erect the statue so it wasted away in storage for eight years. Fortunately private funding was secured and the statue was was finally placed on a 17 foot pedestal in front of the International Trade Market at the foot of Canal Street.  When Harrah's Casino was constructed in 1999 the statue had to be moved to its present location of the "Place De France" on Decatur Street in the French Quarter next to the French Market on Decatur Street.This statue is an exact copy of the 1880 Emmanuel Fremiet equestrian statue of Joan located at Place des Pyramides, Paris.  The inscription on the pedestal of St. Joan of Arc's statue reads as follows:JOAN OF ARCMAID OF ORLEANS1412 - 1431Gift of the People of FranceThere is an annual parade in the French Quarter honoring Joan of Arc on her birthday every January 6th which also happens to coincide with Twelfth Night which is the official beginning of the Carnival Season.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,5/28/2013,181,479,3,13,9>I wasn't exactly sure what I was in for when I won tickets to "Tales of the Toddy" at recent Yelp Elite event, but I am sure glad that I did!! It was a great way to start the long Christmas weekend and a sweet reward for finishing up my Holiday shopping!This year, this event was held at the lovely downtown Hyatt Regency in a beautiful ballroom with some amazing new renovations to the facility. (I want one of those chandeliers!!) The huge space was completely encircled with tables dispensing holiday inspired libations and nibbles. Some were fantastic, some were a little curious, but all were deliciously created by some of the finest chefs and mixologists the city has to offer.Next year I am definitely going back to this fabulous and festive affair. For three hours of exquisite tastings, SO worth the cost of admission!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2013,5/27/2013,883,544,11,12,9>Sometimes you have one of those mornings after a night of too much fun, and your makeup is old and sliding off your face, and you smell like last night's spilled beer.  You might stumble upon Melba's, and it would be your lucky day.  I got the hot sausage poboy.  It was like $3 or $4 and it was awesome and HUGE.  As we already know, size matters.  A LOT.  I could only eat a a third of it which, if you knew me, you'd know that sandwich was no joke.They had cherry bombs 3 for $1.  The strongest fucking alcohol you'll ever taste.  I choked and my eyes teared up as I gasped for air.  The guy behind the counter was from the 7th Ward and had all these tattoos and a thick Southern accent.  Bullet proof security door so don't even think about messin' around tryna steal some fried chicken.  Bathroom had no toilet paper but they improvised with some napkins upon request.  Love this place.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,5/26/2013,36,300,4,4,4>Lafitte's Blacksmith's Shop is one of those places that is on every tourist agenda when they visit Nola if not for any other reason as the preferred watering hole of one of those ghost walking tours.  As a local, I thought I had pretty much been everywhere in town at least once but somehow or another I skipped this place for years.  Being as it's one of the oldest (or the oldest depending on where you are from) bar in the country, I figured I should give it a try.My girlfriend wanted to go one Sunday night so what the hell.  The 1st thing you notice is how dark it is.  The place wants to give the vibe of how it was say 150 years ago so  it's completely lit by candles......and a flat screen tv, and jukebox, but I digress.  We ordered a few Abita Ambers and sat down at a table.  The drinks are a little pricey for small draft beers.  No biggie, I just figured wax must cost more than electricity.  They have a piano inside the bar and the night we were there, a elderly lady was jamming out requests.  She played everything from the Charlie Brown theme song to Proud Mary to The 12 Yats of X-mas.  Quite fun.There is an outdoor patio as well but the expereince is inside.  Of course on weekends that's usually not an option as people are in the streets waiting to get a drink.  It defintely has a spooky old vibe to it and while a little touristy also feels like a comfortable neighborhood bar on off nights.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,5/25/2013,257,566,4,7,5>Yet another place in NOLA that I had never been, until just recently.Today was the Zebra & Ostrich race. I knew my daughter would love it, so we decided to attend. Besides, what better place to spend a Saturday night than taking a 3 year old to a race track/casino??Anyway, apparently the entire city had the same idea, because parking was a nightmare. When I first arrived, I found quite a bit of street parking, but decided not to park in a not-so-wonderful area with a small child. We waited for 30 minutes in the line to enter the parking lot, only to be informed that it was full. Boo!After driving around for another 10 minutes, and almost deciding to give up, I found myself a good spot reasonably close. The Fair Grounds was, of course, packed full of people for this event. However, it was easy to get around, well maintained, and lots of fun!It would be nice to have some sort of "betting for dummies" book on hand. We just pressed some buttons and made a bet. Luckily, you can just put your ticket back into the machine after the race to see if you won (we didn't).This is actually a good family activitiy, and a good value at $10 (kids free!).
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2013,5/24/2013,154,99,11,9,7>I'm not the one to go hang out on Bourbon Street. It can be so much better than what it is right now. Bar, titty bar, daiquiri shop, bar, titty bar, daiquiri shop, bar, titty...you get the idea. Now enters Saints and Sinners; kind of like the new kid on the block but the owner looks like one of the members of the boy band. Oh Channing Tatum, how the ladies scream your unique name as they swoon over your chiseled abs. Actually, I've seen Channing in New Orleans more than Brad Pitt...but my score card reads 1-0 so Brad better step it up. But I digress.Saint and Sinners is probably the only bar I would go to on Bourbon. I would probably make it my pre-party location before heading out to dance to live music off Bourbon. The décor is edgy and just gaudy enough. I don't remember the price of drinks but I'm pretty sure that they are overly expensive. If you want to claim that you have been to Channing Tatum's bar on Bourbon Street, go check out Saints and Sinners.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,7/13/2014,82,98,,6,3>I feel like it's time to update and add a star. Brisbi's has been here long enough and we've had another two really good experiences here. This past Saturday we came to eat and drink here for a late lunch. It was such a beautiful day and the deck was packed. They had the garage door-style wall panels open, making the inside of the restaurant into an open air dining room. The atmosphere is really nice. And the food was even better! The menu is much bigger than it was when they first opened. Fried green tomatoes with remoulade, Shrimp & Grits, Triple Stack BLT with Shrimp, Turtle Soup, Sesame Crusted Tuna, and Shrimp Poboy were all delicious! No complaints from anyone. Even on an ugly day, Brisbi's would be a good place to hang out and have lunch or dinner. We like.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,7/12/2014,34,251,2,13,8>I gotta tell ya this is the Asian market on the westbank or perhaps NOLA for that matter. Growing up down here there were a few scattered Asian markets to buy the Filipino stuff my family enjoyed eating. We would have to drive to Vietnamese markets or Aling Ely's Filipino store but all that changed when Hong Kong Market opened. Everything Asian foodish you could possibly want is here!Now don't get me wrong I couldn't do all my food shopping here bc I need a salad bar and almond milk with flavors etc but darned if I don't love their banh sandwiches, frozen food (especially the mochi) and snacks (love me some Pocky!) etc. And my mom loves the discounted produce which she ends up freezing some of them or cooking right away. She tells me it is much cheaper than the regular grocery stores and I believe her. The best is when they get the fresh mangos! Nothing tastes better than a Filipino mango but these come pretty darned close! Happy Asian shopping!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,7/11/2014,87,388,3,10,9>It was that time of year again, the New Orleans Wine and Food Experience's Vintner Dinners.  Each year we look over the list of restaurants and paired wineries, then make our selection.  This year we picked Ralph's and Stag's Leap Wine Cellars for the dinner.  We hit another home run.  (It's not like you can go wrong at one of these dinners, unless the chef prepares something you don't like or can't eat.)The dinner started with a little socializing on their balcony overlooking City Park.  We sipped on Sauvignon Blanc while enjoying the passed appetizers.  My favorite was the tomato and Gruyere tartlets.  The crab beignets and smoked redfish rillette were nice.  We were eventually led into the dining room and served a crudo of lemonfish paired with a chardonnay.  The pineapple flavor (from both fresh pineapple and Big Shot soda) contracted nicely with the crispness of the chardonnay.The main part of the meal started with a small plate of ya-ka-mein accented with a slow poached egg and shiitake mushrooms.  A bonus bragging point was that this dish captured a gold medal in the NOWFE food competition. The dish was paired with their current release "Artemis" Cabernet Sauvignon.  It provided a nice contrast in flavors. The entree was beef tenderloin marinated in a Cabernet Sauvignon, served with pureed carrots and roasted broccoli.  The flavors were awesome.  The wine was a library vintage, the 2006 "Fay" Cabernet Sauvignon.  It was smooth and totally accented the meat.  The entree and wine was the highlight of the evening.Dessert was a Swiss chocolate mousse with candied pecans and fresh berries, served with their Merlot.  A nice sweet ending to the meal.  The wait staff was great, handling the small crowd easily as the night became noisier.  Plenty of attention as the meals were served and between the courses.  Jennifer, from Stag's Leap Wine Cellars, explained each wine and gave the expected history of the winery.  And some history it is as they were the American winery that won the red wine award at the 1976 Tasting of Paris which put the Napa Valley cabs on the world stage.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,7/10/2014,25,135,3,6,4>Gorgeous and delicious! Went for lunch and had drinks, tacos, dessert. I could have stayed there all afternoon! Wait staff a bit surly and a lot slow. But the chefs were more than making up for their inattentiveness (and by inattentive, I mean after 25 minutes of waiting I had to go over to the bar where the staff were just hanging out chatting to ask if we could see the dessert menu). But still...tacos!!! Yum!!!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,7/9/2014,894,496,6,18,12>My ideal kind of diner....quick service, friendly servers, cheap prices, and quality food.This diner has become one of my favorite places to eat breakfast aside from Waffle House. The menu is simple but everything I have had has been delicious. I love breakfast food especially hash browns, sausage, and eggs. The hash browns are some of the best around!! The servers and cooks are all really friendly and they don't try to talk your ear off even if you are the only person eating there at 3am (like I tend to do sometimes).If you like omelets, pancakes, biscuits & gravy, grits, and hash browns then you should try Tic-Toc.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,7/8/2014,58,144,3,8,4>I love Felipe's for a quick and casual meal.  Everything is made fresh in front of you, and they have a great salsa/pickle bar.  Because you pick all of your own ingredients, you can be as healthy (or, ahem, unhealthy) as you want.  They also have fantastic, in-season roasted veggies as a non-meat option for filling.Check out their website to find their daily drink specials.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,7/7/2014,166,165,1,10,7>I absolutely love the Metairie restaurant so I was stoked when this place took over Le Viet Cafe. The owners did a great job fixing up the interior - it's easily 1,000% better than before.  Decor is modern, minimalist and most importantly, clean! I only got a spicy beef noodle bowl to go - so I can't speak for the dining service or any of the other dishes, but their to go packaging was AWESOME. They really take that extra step to maintain presentation and I really appreciate that. I got a styrofoam container for the hot broth, a fancy plastic bowl with the noodles and meat and ziploc bag for sprouts and herbs. The soup was not as good as the Metairie restaurant, but overall, I was still satisfied. Looking forward to trying more of their dishes and hitting up the happy hour. I appreciate that they employ servers who speak English. I wish that they would add delivery to their services, which would definitely make this a 5-star joint!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,7/6/2014,17,62,6,10,5>I am getting backed up with reviews piling up, so I'm going to consolidate several visits to this establishment into a single review.  Almost every time I visit this place its crowded to the rafters, and rightfully so.  I am addicted to two particular menu items, the House Salad and a slice of Pepperoni Pizza.  I like to wash this down with a Blood Orange soda drink.  The nice thing about going here is that they alternate their sliced pizza offerings and this is great, because even though the slices are big, I can always use a second slice.  Thus far, my second slices have been a slice of Meatball Pizza and a slice of Hawaiian Pizza.  I am a voraciously carnivorous being and the meat portions on the Pepperoni Pizza and the Meatball Pizza are plentiful.  I was also pleasantly surprised with the chunks of pineapple and Canadian Bacon on the Hawaiian Pizza.  I like that the pizza crust is thin and therefore doesn't overpower the cheese or the other ingredients.The most beneficial item I get every time is the House Salad.  The salad includes mixed Spring greens, grape tomatoes, Provolone cheese and a terrific Balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  I like to sprinkle more Provolone cheese and crushed red pepper on the pizza slices and the House Salad.Composing this review has me realizing I'm overdue for a return visit to Pizza Delicious.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,7/5/2014,126,102,3,7,4>I love Marie's and if you like divey hole in the wall bars, you will too. It's tiny but the jukebox is free with great tunes.The waitstaff is always courteous and there's a pool table, but it is smokey so beware if this isn't your thing. The drinks are cheap and the crowd's usually a mix of young and old.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,7/4/2014,95,242,1,9,6>Yay! Thank you Little Korea for giving me a little taste of home! I have been longing for some good Korean food for so long and they totally satisfied the craving. The banchan was tasty and they kindly offered some more kim chee without us having to ask. The mandoo wasn't quite what I'm used to (the wrapper was different), but it was hot, the filling was good, and the sauce was tasty. The bibimbap was wonderful. I mean really. There is something about getting that bit of cruchy rice at the bottom that reminds me of only good memories. The bulgogi was seasoned well and the bf enjoyed his kalbi. I had enough food left for the next day, which was also a bonus. In my eagerness for bibimbap, I didn't see sundubu on the menu. So we'll definitely have to come back on a cold day in the future. I'd also like to their dukboki (another fav I haven't had in a while). It was our fault for not looking at the price of the mochi ice cream. I'm glad they had azuki bean (bf's fav), but 2 pieces should not cost $6 or 7. The box it comes in costs that much and there are usually 6 pieces if I remember correctly. For that price, looks like we'll be going back to the Orange Cough for our ice cream mochi fix from now on in the city... That's honestly not that big of a deal, just want other peeps to be prepared when they see their bill. Small criticism: the decor needs a bit of help. The plastic table covers on the side of the restaurant we sat on don't seem to be doing well with the heat and weight of the stone bowls. Additionally, some of the paint is peeling off the walls. Those are easy fixes that don't detract from the food or the service. Tips: we don't really care for metal hashi (chopsticks), so they were kind and accommodated with wooden when we asked. They also don't serve pho anymore. Don't be afraid of spice, it's good for the soul.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,1/24/2014,48,158,4,11,4>I love Parkway, and for some reason, especially on Sundays. We probably come at least once a month.Recommend the following: Shrimp Po Boy (Regular size will do it for 1 person if you're ordering a size of fries but get the full size if you want to split bw two ppl)Surf and Turf (Fried Shrimp and Debris on a po boy)Debris Fries with pepper jack cheese (not on the menu but just ask) - it's loaded with debris meat. My FAVORITE debris fries in the city. You can get them anywhere - whenever I visit a po boy joint I just ask them to top it with debris and cheese. Crabby Jacks actually tops it with cochon de lait. Again, not on the menu. Anyways, getting off the subject.Alligator and Sausage Gumbo - although it's hard to get gumbo and fries and po-boy, that's a lot of food.Also good to know they've started serving oyster po-boys again. They used to serve them before the spill then started on Mondays about a year ago. Now they're going to do Mondays and Wednesdays. I've never tried their oyster po boy but I'm looking forward to it.The bar has some pretty tasty sounding reasonably priced cocktails. One of them had St.Germain and basil and another with Pimms Cup and Cucumber vodka. 'Tips for tourists:1. Sit at the bar and you don't have to wait in line, it's table service.2. Regular size will feed 1, Large 2 3. Order the Debris fries with pepper jack cheese.4. Order po-boys dressed if you like mayo and add a squeeze of lemon and some drops of hot sauce if you like it a little spicy.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,1/23/2014,216,410,3,10,7>Yum yum yum. I ordered a catering platter of assorted sandwiches over the phone recently and they were so helpful and friendly! The price wasnt bad at all compared to the quality of sandwiches and other places I have ordered. Really good bread and gooey cheese is all you need and they have it! If you're looking for an awesome sandwich this is your place. Split one and a milk shake and your day just became spectacular
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,1/22/2014,295,505,4,7,6>5/5 alcohol is a lifestyle.oh my goodness. thank you yelp/joi for that tasting room band, greatest bday present this year. i had heard about this "festival/conference" last year, i literally moved to new orleans the same weekend (my flight was full of excited soon-to-be-drunks), but never made it to an event. and here i was, with a red piece of plastic that let me into magical room after magical room where i could bathe my liver in vodka, rum, tequila (and mezcal), brandy, cognac, absinthe, egg whites, juice (to get in that vitamin c), more rum, sazeracs, and on and on and on and !!! i understand that there are seminars and whatnot also, and that those are actually super informative, but i'm happy with the education i get from the mixologists who are making the drinks in the tasting rooms. everyone is so friendly. i think the particular winner was batch room's (hyatt)  tasting on friday, which had some great food elements, and a small take-home bottle. looking forward to next year (my liver is not, but it doesn't make any decisions).
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2013,1/21/2014,196,337,7,12,7>This place is perfect for day drinking (Not that its something I do....like every day at least....) It draws a nice day crowd and drinks are pretty cheap. Laid back atmosphere and ample seating to accommodate you and friends.  This location also has BooKoo BBQ connected if you need some good eats while you drink. Also if you are the type of person who likes to gamble video poker machines are also located in this locations.Things to consider: This bar is not smoke-free so be prepared for that if you don't like smoke. This is a neighborhood establishment, where the parking is all on the street so it can be a little scarce but also be conscience of actual residents in the area. Location is not too far off of South Carrollton located right in Mid-City and pretty easy to get to from any area of the city.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,1/20/2014,148,326,5,12,6>There is really nothing like hitting a diner, late at night, after you have been out having a great time with friends. Unfortunately, there is kind of a shortage of diners in NOLA. Camellia Grill and Clover Grill would qualify, but they can get pretty crowded on the weekends and not exactly the perfect diner atmosphere. However, should you find yourself in lovely Metry on a late night craving some good old diner goodness, haul your butt on over to City Diner. Complete with the necessary booths and stools at the counter, City Diner is a setting pulled right out of the East Coast. Their menu covers everything. Sandwiches, burgers, hot comfort food, and of course breakfast foods are all accounted for on its pages. The waitresses are the sweet yet no shit-taking ladies you would expect them to be. I highly recommend the freaking pancake served on a damn pizza tray! Seriously, a pancake the size of a medium (maybe large) freaking pizza! I had a chocolate chip one last time that kept me fed for days! (Pro tip: Reheat pieces in the toaster oven) This may be the best place you can be in Metry late night on the weekends. It maybe the best place in Metry period.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,1/19/2014,341,178,3,18,7>This is a review I have no qualms about writing. I often write a review after only one or two visits to an establishment and feel a little like I'm not being fair. I do try to address that issue in those reviews and make it known it is a preliminary review.Such is not the case for Rue 127. I have dined here many times with different friends and with family as well. I have never had anything less than a stellar meal here, and I have never heard any complaints from any of my dining companions.My last visit was a few weeks ago with a lovely friend after a wine tasting. We were hungry but had trouble deciding where to go. My friend pretty much left it up to me , so I chose Rue because I knew the food would be great. The dining room is small but comfortable with a banquette on one side and tables on the other. We were allowed to choose our seating which I love. One of my pet peeves about hostesses is when they immediately seat you at the worst table in the house, usually near the WC or a bussing station. Then you have to ask for another table and they make you feel like you're a PITA. Anyway, we chose a nice banquette seat. My dining companion is not a big eater, so we chose two entrees to split--scallops with roasted cauliflower and an orange vinaigrette and a veal chop with a beet and parsnip (I think) chiffonnade or something like that on top and finished with a  nice demi-glace. Both were awesome though splitting a veal chop can be a little, well, neanderthal. We basically looked like two dogs fighting over a veal chop. In my past visits to Rue I have had the following and recommend them ALL - mussels, gumbo with horseradish potato salad, fried oysters with jicama slaw (awesome), duck breast, duck confit (no longer on the menu which is a dommage because it is as good as any in town), grass fed filet. The only dessert I've had is the deep fried cupcakes which were not up to par with the entrees.Two last comments, one good, one bad. The Good - The food here is as good as any in town. A national publication, don't remember which, rated it as New Orleans most underrated restaurant. I agree.  And given all that, the prices are extremely reasonable. The Not So Good - I have a problem with the wine list. It's not the quality; it's the slim pickings, and there are not enough bottles in the $25-$35 range. At my last visit, I saw a Bordeaux on the menu which was in that range, but they were out of it. We ended up getting an Italian red, I think a tempranillo, which was fine but not what I wanted. Oh well. Maybe they will improve on that. Even if not, I will be back.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,1/18/2014,71,130,12,20,19>WOOT WOOT, ONE HUNDRED!In keeping with tradition I wanted to use my 100th review on something special, and I couldn't think of a place more special than New Orleans. 2 years ago I arrived to New Orleans on a prospecting visit to find out if I wanted to move to the city. Yes, it was the middle of July. Yes, it was hot and humid with downpours in the afternoon, but I instantly fell in love. The architecture, the music, the food, the culture, the quirky way that the world works here. Everything resonated. Since that day I have been living strong in NOLA. Every day is an adventure and you never know where the city will lead you. A simple walk to the coffee shop can turn into new friends, that invite you to a party, where they suggest a new restaurant that you see a fantastic new band. On the flip side, a simple drive to work can turn into a flat, that turns into calling a tow truck, where you meet the driver who tells you about his life growing up in the city. Never a dull moment, and for those who can handle the extraordinary this is the city for you. Along with the extraordinary, New Orleans is a place that will test you. The bars are open 24 hrs. and the distractions don't stop. NOLA is a harsh mistress and will kick you to the curb if you are not careful (the stream of tourists can attest to that), but she will pick you up if ask for help. And help she will give. Never have I seen a city with such an active volunteer and activism culture, even the festivals are staffed almost entirely by volunteers (for a small food/drink bribe). So New Orleans, here's a review for you; the biggest small city that I have lived and loved. A toast to you and to 2+ more great years!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,1/17/2014,54,438,,6,5>This is a great area for picnics and barbecues. Located on the far side of Audubon Zoo, there's plenty parking, open fields and games, and big trees for shade. There is also a great view of the river, completing the experience.New Orleans has some great park areas for gatherings and The Fly just might be the best one.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,1/16/2014,36,180,4,10,5>The pork tenderloin is a must, MUST have!!!!  The interior screams Latin-NOLA style.  You can tell the place is different just by looking at the outside.  The sign isn't your typical signage.  Make sure to check out the metal work on the left side of the building.  Also, make sure you scope out Hugo's truck.  Speaks volumes as to what to expect when you walk through the door.  Hugo, his wife Linda and the entire staff we warming and welcoming which one would expect from a Mexican establishment.  I LOVE the interior!!!  The architectural details which I am assuming are mostly from the Green Project and other local salvage places.  Religious art, posters, albums, guitars, metal concert shirts... it was all eye candy to me.  The bathrooms were lined with recycled old wood from houses either kept in it's state when found or sanded down a bit.  And FINALLY a sensible Euro-toilet in this city!  There was a Latin jazz band playing on a small stage in the corner.  Hugo and Linda showed off their made dancing skills.  Very impressive. Having a live band play really adds to the authentic flare!  Our waitress was eager, but not real accurate at first.  I ordered one of my old fave's, a Caipirinha, the waitress talked one of my friends into ordering the drink special and my other friend ordered a Corona.  She brought me some that wasn't a Caipirinha.  The drink special was waaaay to strong.  So we switched drinks.  Unfortunately, one of the drinks was served in a super tall glass with a straw that wasn't nearly long enough... so we pitched the straw.  Then, instead of a Corona, my friend was brought a completely different beer.  The waitress replaced it with a Corona.  We just rolled with it, but it was a bit crazy for a sec.  She handled it well though.  No more hiccups after that.We decided to order three different dishes and we'd share all of it. The food ordered was fish tacos, chicken flautas and the pork tenderloin and share.  I started with the fish taco... which was snapper, if memory serves me correct.  I have to say it was one of the best fish tacos I've ever had.  You get two good sized whole wheat tortillas with generous portions scoped on top your typical taco.   The only downside was they only give you a tiny scope of guacamole which the dish really needs to have that to complete the layers of flavors.  Next I had the chicken flautas.  Hate to say, but I'm not a fan.  I'm used to another places flautas which are super crispy, full of flavor and not greasy.  The tortillas were way to think so it wasn't very crispy but definitely greasy.  Because the shell wasn't crispy it was difficult to bite off a piece and even more difficult chewing.  The chicken filing was one note... chicken.  No seasoning flavors whatsoever.  The filing should be savoy.  This dish definitely needs a little tweeking.  The upside to this dish was it was easy to split because there were three.   The best dish by far was the pork tenderloin.  The dish consists of two large pieces of pork that were tender and juicy covered in a wonderful sauce with smoked apples and potatoes on top.  I thought we were going to start fighting over the plate it was so good.  The portion size is so generous there was enough to bring home.  We stuffed ourselves so much we didn't have any room for dessert. Before leaving we peeked out back at the small patio.  I can see myself hanging out there a lot in the coming fall.  I used to live across the street and moved last November.  Oooh those lucky people who DO live across the street.  Job well done Hugo, Linda and your staff!!!  CHEERS!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,1/15/2014,117,201,8,13,8>This is a old school automotive parts store.  The employees are a complete hoot.  They know their stuff, and I mean they really KNOW!  Im talking part numbers know. And the second part that is kinda attractive to me.....all women!  The on hand stock isn't immediately apparent, its cluttered, scattered and in a seemly disheveled disarray.   Its not.  They know exactly where it all is.  Its the type of store like say the old Tony's auto parts in Westwego was.  Not so much for you to help yourself, you tell them what you want, and they get it. Now if for some reason they do not have the part, they can get it for you by the next day.  The big plus is the prices.  Im talking sometimes items are cray cray cheap.  Like batteries.  And its not bootleg no name brand stuff.  Its commercial industrial quality items.  For example, a Carter rotary fuel pump used in VW dual carb engines typically can run between $75-100 in known VW online stores.  This place does it for $60  Same thing. Warranty and all.Anyways, if you have a little time, and you aren't afraid of black toy poodles (guard dog)  and like to flirt with some great women, pass by and tell them Eddie sent ya
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,9/6/2012,50,26,10,6,6>M.R.B: A Tale of Mystery and IntrigueThe heels of her knee high patent leather boots clicked on the sidewalk.  She walked deliberately, with a mission.  Although the night air was cold, and humid; she didn't mind the rain hitting her face.  She was running late as always to meet a Frenchman in the French Quarter, just across Esplanade from Frenchman Street.As she walked down Decatur, she called the Frenchman.  His apartment is right underneath a hanging shop sign with two white skulls against black.  The place he took her to was just around the corner.  They made a right on St. Phillip.  And there it was the off-the-beaten-path Quarter neighborhood eatery.  The dive looked more like a bar than an eatery.  She hesitated to go in, and then she looked down at saw a pit bull with three legs licking her boot.  Endearing.  She had to go in.What does MRB stand for?  She doesn't know and neither did the Frenchman who spoke limited English.  Then soon after, a tattooed, dread-locked hair broad came to the bar to take our order.  She was a friendly, efficient and knowledgeable woman.  And she seemed to know the Frenchman, but forgot his name.  His lady companion did too for a minute, so that was forgiveable. She bought out the two items the two diners ordered.  Through deductive reasoning the female diner came closer to cracking the riddle of the acronym.  It was all connected to the debris fries.Listed below are some possibilities:More Roast Beef (than any other place in the city)Mounds of Roast Beef (on top of melty, gooey cheese)Either way, the point is the slabs of at least 6 ounces of meat were tender; mushrooms complemented the cheese well, all piled over crispy, thin fries.The fried green tomato shrimp remoulade had six large green tomatoes underneath a healthy-size shrimp, doused in remoulade.The nachos did not disappoint.  Neither did their crawfish and boiled shrimp.She may still be perplexed about the mystery of the acronym.  "That will just give me more occasion to come back," said the satisfied 95 lb, gluttoneous woman.As she walked out of the dark bar, she felt more clued in to the city, with a meal from another hidden gem sitting in her stomach.  It was getting pleassantly difficult to keep her eyelids open.  She suddenly realized the food released natural seratonins in her brain so swiftly she will soon fall into a deep disco nap.  It was the onset of a euphoric food coma.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,9/5/2012,127,182,,5,5>I've only been twice, but so pleased each time.  The lunch, dinner and brunch menus vary drastically, but each have such good options, its hard to order to order just one thing!  Mayas is perfect for sharing and sampling  among your table!  Try the Mayas sampler!The Sunday brunch menu rocks!  They have breakfast items (egg quesadilla) and lunch items (guacamole app), offering a pleasant diversion from your typical eggs, meat, mimosas, jazz, etc brunch.  I will say there was one night during the week we came in and they had a specialty menu, everything contained meat, so I'd suggest calling ahead on weeknights if you dont enjoy eating innocent animals.The service is fast, professional, but so friendly and the prices are ideal for the quality and quantity of food, and their phenomenal margaritas..... PHENOMENAL!  Seriously, so good and pack a quite the punch!I look forward to returning to Mayas for another Sunday brunch!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,9/4/2012,143,66,2,4,4>Love, Love, Love Verti Marti!!!  Ok, it's a corner grocery store, located in "da Quarter" which includes a variety of sandwiches to temp even the most fickle taste buds.  They even cater to vegetarians.  Besides sandwiches, they have Daily Specials and a array of side items.  My personal favorite is their Baked Mac n Cheese.    Verti Marti is open open 24 hrs a day.   For all you die hard bar hoppers who are hungry at 3 am, don't forget this little gem.   Please note: It's a small grocery store so it can get crowded during lunch with a long wait, but worth it.    Don' forget to bring "CASH" they don't accept credit cards, but they do have an ATM, in front the store.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,9/3/2012,51,274,4,5,4>Tiger's blood.  Stuffed with vanilla ice cream.  Fantastic.  Sometimes I drive from the Westbank to Ro-Bear's to fulfill this craving.  It's heaven.  BUT... if you haven't been here before, DON'T GO - it will RUIN all other snowball stands!  Forever!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2012,9/2/2012,23,23,18,12,9>This is a good place to go after a bad breakup. The bar is dark, so nobody can see your tears. The music's loud, so nobody can hear your sobs. The mac and cheese is reliable and nourishing, everything the lover who spurned you is not. But it's also cheap ($3), so they have that in common. The drinks are stiff yet nuanced. It's smoky and just a little dank inside, so you don't feel like a downer when you're weeping into your Praying Mantis.Not that I would ever create such a spectacle of myself.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,9/1/2012,47,159,3,4,3>Cool, funky coffeehouse. I have a funny story about how, many years ago, I almost gave myself caffine poisioning here. I was taking an essay test online and had been studying. I had the following; a 20oz diet coke, an iced mocha (delish), and 10 chocolate-covered expresso beans. I regret nothing.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,8/30/2012,14,96,5,4,2>I don't know the first thing about pho but I'm quickly becoming a fan, and Pho Orchid just launched itself to the top of the guilty-as-charged list. The family was starving and we were actually headed for Izzo's for a really late lunch when we saw this place, which we've been wanting to try. Pho! YES! Way better than gluttonous portions of greasy goodness, at least for the mood we all seemed to be in today anyway. Did a quick search, saw 4 stars from 55 of you kids here and we were sold, with not a lot of arm-twisting in the process. I did a super-quick scan of the reviews to find out what the go-to menu items were so we weren't going in blind. I'm new to this whole pho thing, remember? DON'T JUDGE. :)We were one of three parties there when we arrived, and quickly ended up being the lone rangers. It was definitely clean inside with a decidedly modern asian flair, even if it was a bit incongruous. No "very loud" traditional music -- instead our ears were assaulted with Kenny G. I should take points off just for that, because really - MAKE IT STOP!! Our food was lightning fast to come out, though, and yummy delicious when it did... so I'll let it slide this time in the name of a welcome and timely distraction. So the FOOD. Huge menu, most of which I have never heard of in my entire life. Yay description for each menu item! We ordered the grilled pork spring rolls as an appetizer - not at all what I was expecting but really tasty. The meat was well seasoned, moist and delicious. Maybe a little too much of the plain noodles in there, but that may have just been that I was having trouble navigating the huge roll and the dreamy peanut sauce that came for dipping - I didn't get nearly as much as I would have liked because the entire thing was threatening to spill out at any moment. I should have just gone "fork and knife on plate style" and dumped some sauce on top to get that perfect ratio, but no. Pride is such an ugly thing to contend with sometimes. I ordered a small bowl of pho with eye round steak for the kiddo, and the bun (vermicelli) with grilled pork and egg roll for myself. My guy ended up with the lemongrass beef bun. The entrees came out really quickly as well, and holy cow was everything huge. I could have easily split a meal with my kid and probably had some to spare. The pho came with an enormous plate of sprouts, basil, peppers, and lime, all of which were really fresh and crisp (and with which my boy had more fun than anything else). The broth itself was SO rich and delicious and deep, not at all like the (one) pho I've had before that was really pale and weak in comparison. There was an odd note that I couldn't quite put my finger on, that may have possibly been cilantro (tastes like soap to me, yuck) but it wasn't strong enough to slow me down in the least. The meat itself was sliced really thin and really tender, but I honestly could have done without it and been just fine, the broth can easily stand on its own. My noodles were good, the egg roll was great, and the house special sauce that came along with it all was mouth-wateringly delicious. What on earth is that stuff, anyway? Vinegar, something a little sweet, a tiny bit of heat... so so good. All the veggies were crisp and delicious, and the seasoning from the grilled pork added some amazing depth and richness when everything was all mixed up together (are you even supposed to do that?!). The pieces of pork were pretty tender, but bigger than I was really comfortable stuffing into my mouth all at once and not easily cut in the bowl with the side of a fork. AND (dun-dun-dunnn) it's pork so there was plenty of fat which I absolutely Can. Not. Handle. Eating. I picked around most of it in anticipation of doing it up right with the leftovers. You would think this no-fat-freak should try the grilled chicken next time, but the flavor alone imparted by all that pork being stirred around with everything was worth the price of admission so I may not be that tempted to stray. I also had a passion fruit bubble tea that was way sweet and ghetto just the way I like it. Probably too sweet for most people, but I'm a bit sacrilegious like that. I hadn't had that before either... but I've been reading about it for a while so I knew what to expect and was anxious to try some. The tapioca? I could take it or leave it really. Odd gummy texture that didn't do much in the way of adding flavor, but the kiddo thought they were cool. The guy's lemongrass beef was yummy, too. He keeps saying he's going to get on the Yelp bandwagon, and I keep glossing over his portion of the meal as a result, so don't be hatin' on me! After all was said and done, our bellehs were oh-so-happy-big, and we still had some of my bun left and a LOT of pho as well. I see delicious leftovers in our future, and couldn't be happier about it. Yummy food, pleasant atmosphere, and capable service.  Will we be going back anytime soon? *shakes Magic 8 Ball* It is decidedly so. :)
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/29/2012,36,300,3,8,3>I finally made it to what is the biggest cult following in Nola dining.  Everyone I know raves about this place and being the contrarian that I am, I expected to be unimpressed.  Jacques-Imo's made me a believer.The first thing to know is there's a wait, a very long wait, so long that you expect to be next in line for Space Mountain when they call your name.  There were literally 20-30 people standing outside when we arrived at 8:30 this past Saturday night. (6/23/12) plus another 20+ waiting inside at the bar.  While you stand outside waiting the wait staff is zooming by in almost riff raff attire and dropping F bombs left and right. (Not in a bad way but more like a "Hey how the f#%@ are you?" kind of way)  To clarrify there are 2 buildings next to each other that are Jacques-Imo's plus a few tables outside.  The owner even came out wearing what looked to be swim trunks, a t-shirt and a hawaiin print shirt over that.  He resembled a Dead Head that had to go to work once Jerry Garcia died.  We finally sit down at 9:45.  The tables are congested and the music and place in general is loud.  At this point in my mind the best they could pull out was 3 stars. Then the waiter comes over and gives us a free Andoille sausage and alligator cheesecake appetizer.  I'm assuming it was because of the long wait but have no idea.  It was delicious!  We ordered our entrees and BAM! out come an order of fried oysters with some sort of sauce.  Apperently they ran out of salad mix for our side salad so they just gave us these too.  I typically do not like fried oysters but WOW these were good.  By far the best I have ever eaten.  The entress come with 2 sides and are huuuuuuge!  I barely ate any of it until Sunday for lunch.  Overall a really good experience,  The wait staff is fast and attentive.  The free apps were a really good jesture and the food was 1st class all the way.  I wouldn't bring my grandma here and I think the place is better for groups than just a date type night since you really can't talk across the table with all the noise.  The only other complaint is there is not a single entree under $20 so the prices seemed a little high but they give you a lot of food so it evens out.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,8/28/2012,23,436,,8,2>We've been wanting to check this place out ever since it took over the former Dominique's space, and after dinner at Apolline I can say that without a doubt it's one of the best restaurants in New Orleans.  We did the COOLinary August 3-course tasting menu for $35 and each course had 2 choices so I was able to try everything on the tasting menu. Here are the results:Watermelon & Feta Salad:  Very nice, refreshing salad although not quite as spectacular as a similar salad at Maya's a couple months ago.  Still very good though and I'd get it again, I just have a high bar these days for watermelon salads.Sweet Potato & Andouille Bisque:  Seems a bit heavy for the summer but this dish was unique and WOW was the flavor spectacular.  Who knew?Pan Seared Gulf Fish with Fried Green Tomatoes & Crabmeat Remoulade:  A bit underseasoned and lacking punch, everything was prepared well and we enjoyed the dish overall but it was definitely our least favorite within a fairly spectacular meal.Rabbit Fricassee:  Amazing braised rabbit meat served on top of polenta triangles that looked like melon but were perfectly textured and complemented the rabbit very well.  I could eat this every day, the only potential negative was 2 bones that were in with the rabbit meat - common with rabbit so just be careful as expected.Grilled Peaches a la Mode:  Excellent dessert with great ice cream and the pound cake underneath the peaches & ice cream was really good - slight hint of anise (of which I am not usually a fan) but here it gave the dish nice added flavor.Brioche Bread Pudding:  Truly one of the best bread puddings I have ever had.  Praline sauce, candied pecans, homemade ice cream, and great texture.  Spectacular.The decor was well done overall, service was very good, cocktail list looked nice (although we didn't try any) and the wine list was excellent - the sommelier or wine manager here definitely knows what they're doing so I'm also looking to check out Wine Down Wednesday at some point.  Apolline isn't the cheapest place in the world at $25-30 for an entree but trust me if you have the cash it's worth it - and even better when you have a deal such as the Drink Deck 20% off coupon or a $35 prix fixe meal such as during COOLinary August or during Restaurant Week when I presume Apolline will be participating.  DEFINITELY check it out, I can virtually guarantee you won't be disappointed!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2012,8/27/2012,55,78,3,10,6>I had no idea this place existed, but apparently it's been around since mid-2010!  I've been needing to print about 150 pages for like a week now, but the printer has been broken at the Elysian Fields UPS store (where I usually go to print stuff out).  Seeing as it's Carnival season, I REALLY didn't want to wanna deal with going downtown to get to the 24hr Kinkos on St. Charles.  A friend of mine told me about this place, which is just over the bridge on St. Claude and Reyes.  It's literally like 3 minutes from my house--so convenient.  Besides printing, they do UPS, FedEx, and plain old USPS there, and they have mailbox rentals.  And the hours are awesome (9-7:30 on weekdays, 10-3 on Saturday).  The lady working there when I went last night was super cool and helpful.  They had this article posted at the counter:  neworleanscitybusiness.c…  Anyway, I look forward to giving them more business.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,10/23/2011,157,66,6,4,3>The only reason I'm NOT giving La Boca a 5 star rating (see bottom), is because I drank so much good wine that I don't know if I truly had such an amazing experience or if that is the wine talking.Anyways... I had never heard of this place before but, a friend brought me here for dinner. She knew I'd like it because... well, because I like meat and wine. We had a fantastic time! I guess I should start by saying we had spent about an hour or two imbibing different wines at W.I.N.O before heading to La Boca. So we were already feeling pretty good by the time we got there.When we got there we were greeted by a delightful old man.The place itself is small, very intimate. Perfect for a date. My friend had made reservations for 9:30pm on a Wednesday. (They stop seating at 10pm) and the place was pretty packed. but again, it's pretty small.First thing we did was order more wine...I got to try a few different south american wines before settling on my favorite, which, of course, I can't seem to recall right now.We ordered the Garlic Fries and the Provoleta which is the baked cheese. And that's all it is... baked cheesey goodness served with bread. YUM!I can't remember what kind of steak my friend ordered, but I ordered the Ribeye, my favorite cut of steak. It was delicious. I have to say, I didn't enjoy the accompanying sauces all that much.I'm a purist when it comes to steak. No need for A1 or fancy sauces. I just need a good, quality, well-cooked cut of beef. Maybe a red-wine reduction if you have it, but not too much.Our steaks were cooked to perfection.The only downside to the evening was the waiter spilled the last of our bottle of wine over the table. ALCOHOL ABUSE!!!  :(  Luckily, it did not get over anything important, And our waiter was so apologetic, he came back from the bar with a nearly full bottle for me to take home. WAY more than we actually had left in our bottle. Then, he took the wine off the bill completely.AHhhh... hell. I'll go ahead and give it the well-deserved 5 stars. Getting me drunk on good wine can never be a bad thing,
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,10/22/2011,107,129,10,9,8>I brought shame to my Italian heritage. A whole menu full of Italian and I can't speak a lick of it. Grandpa Tony would be rolling in his grave.Domencia is another John Besh joint, this time located in the Roosevelt Hotel (what was once called the Fairmont, and before that the... well Roosevelt Hotel... go figure.)Back to Domencia, very Italian with a shifting menu and the ability to customize for the picky vegan in your life (who, by the way, described this restaurant as "cute"). Upon first look this seems like one of those places where the wait staff will look down upon the various clientele but I didn't get that feeling... well not completely, our waiter was *really* tall so any looking down was completely justifiable.The space is well lit, with wooden tables, and hanging light fixtures. I can see where it may feel a little tight to navigate to the hostess stand having entered from the hotel lobby, but the restaurant wasn't so crowded on a Wednesday that I had that cramped feeling making my way between tables of dining guests.While dinner went longer than expected it was still an excellent meal. My date had a slightly customized vegetarian pizza, and I had what amounted to a big bowl of  various shellfish in a spicy soup. Both delicious, and enjoyed very much. All this was made better by the fact my date was taking me out that night. And yes, she expected me to put out.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,10/21/2011,42,78,13,8,7>Again, a review for a bar that does not need another, but since I am fairly self centered, and use reviews mainly to talk about myself, I will toss in my 2 cents...A few years ago my friend who, is pretty much the cities number one grumpasuarus, about 105% Eeyore, asked me if I had been to Bar Tow-Neek. He scowled and said it represented everything he hates (Hes the kind of fellow that lives in a house missing a wall or 2 but would hock his library to drink gin all day at Galatoires) and since loyalty trumps all, and I hate everything my friends hate, I decided that I hated it too. For years. Id make faces while biking past it, even though I couldn't remember why.Fast Forward to a year ago...after a hard afternoon of eating muscle relaxers and taking a long sauna, I decided Id try the place out. I do try to drink every Ramos Gin Fizz in the city, and I knew they made them there, and since I was gonna crash my bike into a pole if I biked any further, now was the time. I woulda bellied up to the bar, but I immediately realized it is not a bar to belly to...more of a sidling bar, so with a quick change of approach  I was in. And a friend (who should have been at work) was there next to me. Tanked. I ordered the Ramos Gin Fizz, and gosh be darned, it was the best I ever tasted. For True. Good company and good drinks and the place didn't even look modern and gross and stuff. Bricks!Still my favorite Ramos Gin Fizz in the city, and I may have had them all. That they put one more drop of orange blossom water on top makes the drink 6% less masculine, but 9% better than all the others is what it is.Any bar located between my gym and my house that serves drinks with eggs and cream is perfect. Its my own personal muscle milk.(Anyone who rates this review useful should have their rating privileges revoked...it is also neither funny nor cool...sometimes I wonder why I even bother).
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,10/20/2011,120,120,,25,14>Sylvain is one of the hidden gems in New Orleans. Literally. Located on Chartres Street, steps away from Le Petit Theatre and Jackson Square, Sylvain is marked only by the logo on the windows. Enter by walking down a side alley, which leads you to the door at the back of the restaurant. The alley continues down the length of the building, past the kitchen (with big windows, great for looking in on the action) to a lovely, intimate courtyard. There are tables located in both the wide alleyway and in the courtyard, perfect for mild evenings.Sylvain is the latest offering from Robert LeBlanc (LRG), partnered with Sean McCusker. It has been beautifully renovated, utilizing all of this French Quarter building's charm. It reminds me of a pub that has been there for 200 years, without the wear and tear; think dark wood- tables, floors, and exposed beams. There is a variety of artwork, including a huge old flag that is the focal point of one wall. The ambiance is warm and intimate, upscale yet casual. It would be great for a date but would also be good for small groups.I dined at Sylvain with a friend last night. For starters, we shared the Fried Eggplant with parmigano reggiano and lemon aoli (and lemon zest too?). The lemon added a real brightness to the dish. This was a very large portion, and could easily be split between four people. This would be great to order as bar food, to accompany drinks.For an entrée, my friend ordered the Crispy Duck Confit with stewed white beans, petite arugula salad, and roasted beets. This dish was very flavorful. Every component of the dish was good. I had the daily fish preparation- a Seared Puppy Drum served over buttered spinach with a black-eyed pea and corn relish- which was very good. I loved the fresh flavors of the black eyed pea and corn relish. The sweetness of the corn was great with the fish. All of the elements worked very well together.In hindsight, I wish we had also ordered a salad. As I watched each one come out, they all looked amazing. I can't wait to try the Chick-Syl-vain sandwich and the Sylvain burger (I was not craving either last night).The bar at Sylvain is gorgeous, and it seems like there is already a booming bar business. Around 10 PM, the restaurant switched from a quiet little date place to a lively bar crowd. Sylvain has a carefully chosen (but short) wine list. I really enjoyed my glass of pinot noir. There is also a concise list of cocktails. Sylvain's bartender was my favorite bartender at Bar Tonique. We drank champagne cocktails, which were delicious.The service was very good. Our waiter was friendly and attentive (but not too much so). Every person at the restaurant (the owners, manager, chef) was warm and gracious. There are so many things to like about this restaurant. I look forward to returning soon.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,10/18/2011,70,96,5,7,4>I feel like I should pull out a hula skirt and start dancing. The hula girl pizza it's like a song in my mouth. Like I open my mouth and some hawaiian music starts playing. Open song close chew open song close chew open. You get the idea. Delicious awesome and clearly a new favorite. I am in love with your pizza Katie.      I will come back for you I promise I won't be gone for long. Oh and your garlic fries I'm gonna need some more of that too thanks!I'm not a traitor theos I love you too I'm just spreading the love!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,10/17/2011,162,269,6,16,12>Despite our best efforts, life gets cluttered and stressful and difficult. Pets get sick; weird in-laws visit without notice; your normally lovely wife turns into an angry vampire during finals...you know, stuff. Then you discover a place that looks like a movie set was plopped down out of nowhere, and it's exactly right. Enter Cowbell. My ladywife and I were both pretty wobbly when we got off the streetcar at Carrolton and Oak. We agreed to walk "all the way to Cowbell", but it better be worth our time. It was so tempting to stop at any of the restaurants we passed (Jacques-Imo's with no line on a Friday night? Ninja isn't busy?), but we promised each other a dinner of veggie burgers and hand-cut fries. A promise is a promise. As we staggered in, reeling from a condition known as FEED ME FEED ME NOW, Cowbell looked more like a gas station from New Mexico than a restaurant in New Orleans. As I reflect on that memory, I have no idea why I even thought such a thing. I do know that I told at least one server that information. Our drinks were prompt, and the service was...hrm...simple. It seemed like they were employing high school and college aged kids, which I approve of. (I waited tables in high school, too. It was a good job.) There wasn't the usual New Orleans flash, but we were taken care of by good folks. We both ate the same thing: veggie burgers with lots of their house-made agogo sauce. This is the best veggie burger I've had in a restaurant thus far, and I've been poking at veggie burgers for neigh on 16 years. I doubt there was any soy in this patty; it was beans (but not the spicy black bean patties that taunt me) with something sweet potato flavored in there, too. Maybe that was the bun...? No idea. I only know that I was floating in very happy clouds made of agogo sauce. Speaking of agogo sauce, I was actually given the recipe to make it because the restaurant doesn't sell it. But they should. (Our server told us at least one customer has stolen a bottle of it by slipping it in a purse. And that customer wasn't me, but it might be me in the future.) This stuff is serious goodness. This sauce made my "No, I don't use sauce on anything, Trinidadians don't like sauce" wife beg for more sauce. The dessert menu is also simple and sweet. They have a great flourless chocolate cake, and the apple pie is actually an individual serving that resembles a small danish. I ordered my apple pie with a slice of cheddar melted on top, and the servers were really entertained by my weird tastes. I was entertained by them. Please tell me I'm not the only person in New Orleans who enjoys some cheese on their apple pie.I liked the family-style dining. I did not like the big tvs on the walls, even though they were turned off. I liked the decor. I'm not sure how I feel about the restrooms being right by the kitchen. The long walk down Oak Street felt like going to a different world, where nothing bad ever happens and nothing can bring me down. It was nice. Next time, I'll bring my favorite beer, too. Accessibility notes: The only entrance to the restaurant is up a narrow set of stairs. No braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak times.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2011,10/16/2011,230,290,4,5,1>I haven't been to Palace in close to two years.. well, that was until last week when I happened to go there twice in 4 days. I have to say, the Palace is a pretty standard, if not slightly above standard New Orleans dining experience. I honestly don't think this is a bad spot. Sure, I don't visit on the regular but after going there twice in less than a week with a few out-of-towners, their reaction was enough to possibly land Palace on my "where to take people who aren't from NOLA" list. The service is okay. Some servers are definitely better than others, but all-in-all it is good enough... and the food? Well, let's say it speaks for itself. Yes, I personally find a lot of the dishes to be borderline Copeland's (a lot fancier, though) because there is no shortage of butter or cream.  But, if you aren't fortunate enough to eat NOLA style cuisine often, the Palace's offerings are a treat for your mouth. Just steer clear of the soups and you will be fine! They usually sound delicious but then fall flat when it comes to taste.  The stars of the show definitely were the: oyster pan roast, crab cheesecake, andouille crusted fish, the pork shank (HUGE portion), crab finger app and of course.... bananas foster!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,10/15/2011,105,131,1,9,6>Omg I am soo happy to have discovered this gem Wednesday after culture collision. I've always wondered where in city park was the LOVE art piece so I was so thrilled to find the answer myself!Anyone that appreciates natural beauty should do themselves a favor and drive out to city parks sculpture garden.  This place made me feel like I was not in New Orleans anymore and transported me elsewhere! In my opinion this would be the perfect date spot.If anyone in town is looking to throw a great party outdoors this would be the perfect spot that will be sure to please your guest. I am so in love this place that I wanna bring all my friends here!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,10/14/2011,114,467,3,4,3>We liked this place. Went to the library in the American Can building (Where some dude was checking out porn in plain view of everyone).We checked out their booze selection (A little higher than Rouses but a good selection) and then the beers. We ended up doing a mix and match beer 6-pack they were selling for 6 bucks. While I didn't love all the beers we selected,  I loved the ability to pick and choose different kinds to try. The staff was great and were very willing to answer any questions we had. They weren't overly-clingy and let us do our thing. All in all, a really great experience.and we look forward to going back.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,10/12/2011,127,182,7,11,10>Its finally here!!! I'm the first to review it too, suckas! If you live in the area you know how long we've been waiting for Poeyfarre Market to open! Well it was totally worth the wait and exceeded expectations! This is not a dusty little corner store, it really is a mini Whole Foods, only its right next door, in walking distance and nicer! In addition to a variety of organic and local foods, they sell liquor, beer and wine. The prices are a little bit steeper than other stores, but you really are paying for the quality and the convenience! They even have these hard to find vitamins I love! There are also tables out front, so you can leave your dog outside while you grab a few things, then sit out front and enjoy them with your pooch! Whether you live, work, or visit the Warehouse District you must check out this store! Also, the owners and staff are beyond friendly. If there is something you'd like to see in there, bring it up, I'm sure they'll welcome the ideas, they're super accommodating and cool! I'll def be seeing more of Poeyfarre Market, you should too!!!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,7/31/2011,230,290,4,8,5>Oh Patois, I love your brunch. Your dinner offerings are pretty awesome too but this review is dedicated to my favorite meal: BRUNCH.Anytime I have friends in town, Patois is on my list for "things to do on Sunday." I love the ambiance of the restaurant, the great service, the incredible cocktails and the coma-inducing food. What better way to break someone into New Orleans then forcing them to eat rabbit while washing it down with a mimosa or French 75? This place is also great for: Moms, parents in general, dates, hangover remedies, meeting your sig other's parents, etc.If I could make a few suggestions (I know their menu changes from time to time) I would definitely recommend the spinach salad with fried oysters on top (so.good.), the gnocchi small plate, the fried rabbit tenderloin, the pulled pork and biscuits and the almond crusted fish. These items are so good I find it hard ordering anything else when I am there. So, next time you want a really good brunch experience definitely do yourself the favor and make a reservation here. You can thank me later!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,7/30/2011,36,19,4,10,6>Is there anything you CAN'T improve by adding Bud's signature hickory sauce? Well...maybe their Milkshakes.  I'm sure several of my friends will disagree with me on this point, but I don't think their milkshakes would be improved by that combination.So, I go to Bud's Broiler fairly frequently. I am an omnivore and sometimes I just crave that smoky flavor and the greasy goodness of some fresh french fries or onion rings.I could go on for hours about why I have always loved Buds, but I will try to make it simple for the average reader.Things that I love about Bud's (especially the one on City Park)THE LOCATION ITSELF:The atmosphere has all the lived-in attributes I associate with great local flavorThe wooden benches and tables at the average Bud's has been carved by endless lunch-time artists, with keys, pens, sharpies and pocket knivesEach table tells a story of the people who have come before you, journeying to different Bud's locations depending upon their originsCity Park is frequented by the MId-city dwellers, non-health nut yuppies from Lakeview, Delgado students and City Park adventurersThe City Park location butts up to 2 small cemeteries, a fact that just says "Home" to me as a native New Orleanian and something I can't imagine existing anywhere else in the country.This particular Bud's now accepts Credit Cards (before Katrina all Bud's locations were cash only, including the Clearview 24 hr Bud's which remains that way)It's 24 hours and never frozen or microwaved, always made to order - where else can you claim that in this city at 4 in the morning when most French Quarter bars have closed their kitchens?Although the inside can be loud during lunch rush, you can sit out at the Patio chairs and enjoy the view, or make it a picnic in the Cemetery!They have an intercom system that will call to guests both in the upstairs dining/ art gallery and outside to announce when orders are up!THE FOOD:Going back to my opening for this review: The Hickory Smoke Saucethis stuff may in actuality be nothing special, but somehow when I taste it in my memory it feels like a sauce created especially to make my mouth water and to be compared to the best southern BBQ ever tastedThis stuff just makes your mouth go "Oh snap!"Don't go into Bud's expecting the juicy gourmet burgers that cost 15 bucks at Port of CallBud's is not that kind of restaurantI hesitate to call it anything but a "Burger Joint" although they carry Crawfish Pies, hot dogs, chili, fried fish and chickenTheir burgers are thin but not lacking in flavor - for y'all Californians think of In and Out Burgers but betterAll the meats are prepared over a true Charcoal grill Seen from the tables it appears as though the flames of hell are roaring forth to envelope your food and create the Sinful goodnessIf you still have room in your tummy after an amazing (and cheap!) meal of burgers, chili dogs and french fries or onion ringsthen you have to try a Milk ShakeShould it even be called a Milk Shake when it's so thick and creamy that it's like having softened icecream?Is there such a thing as Heaven in a cup?For people who don't like rich and creamy things - or for the unfortunate Lactose intolerant reader, this is not a treat for youI am so Sorry.If you think Wendy's Frosties are good, you just don't even know.  Go, bring friends, see what i mean. You'll be happy you did!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,7/29/2011,127,182,9,10,5>I had zero intentions of stopping in this place, but the gentleman reading his paper at the fire hydrant/table stopped me to discuss how adorable my dog is (this happens regularly I must admit). Then the bartender starting luring Duncan in with treats while the vodka starting luring me. I had a drink while my dog napped on the floor and got at least 5 treats out of the deal. The bartender, dressed in a purple LSU shirt, red bandanna around his neck, red Chucks and red Sally Jesse Raphael style glasses entertained everyone with his sarcasm, but even asked if there was anything in my shopping bags I would like to put in the frig while I had my drink (so sweet!). I stayed and watch the NBA game discussing basketball with the Celtics fan sitting next to me. Everyone was so friendly, I seriously talked to almost every person in there! The place was a riot, honestly I would've stayed for hours if I didnt have to walk all the way home! On the way out the bartender asked me if I was returning for their crawfish boil on Saturdays during Jazz Fest, I told him that I couldnt make it the first Saturday, but I would try to come in Friday later, he cuts me off with "Hey, I'm not taking damn notes, we'll see you next time" ahahahahah! I will SO return here! It was a blast! Just please note it is cash only and although all the doors and windows were open it was a bit on the smokey side, luckily smoke rises and Duncan was laying on the floor, otherwise I dont think I wouldve felt comfortable with him breathing in the air.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,7/28/2011,251,35,3,8,5>I'm a pretty big fan of shopping at boutiques, particularly when there are located in a nice areas close by my house. I also wised up and decided not to pay real high prices for the super trendy pieces, and Blink is the perfect balance of really trendy pieces for really reasonable prices, and the quality of the clothes are not cheaply made. So it's the perfect 360 win all the way around. Dresses, Jackets, shoes, and accessories.I got my favorite pair of knee high wedge lace up boots for $49. Case in point.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,7/27/2011,180,463,4,7,4>I brought my car in in the late afternoon to get my flat fixed. I called ahead to see how long the current wait was, and she said an hour. I arrived, I showed them what i needed, and they took my information, and my car in right away. They did a complimentary 21 point check, and let me know how my car was. They explained to me that they were going to do a patch instead of a plug so it would last longer. They were very nice and gave me updated as we went along. My wait was actually less than an hour. And the patch was $20.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,7/26/2011,41,215,19,9,9>Listen up y'all ?  Cause this is it.The yogurt they be servin is delicious.Freezalicious definitionMake them hands go so cold.If you want sprinklesyou better put another scoop on.You can taste it, you can't smell itIt ain't skeasy,it just freezy.Deeze the reasons why it please 'emBoys just come and go with the seasonsFreezalicious(So delicious)But it ain't year round biznessAnd if you was suspiciousAll that **** is fictitiousTry the Who Dat(Mwah)That flavor rocks my sock, sock.And they be linin down the blockJust to watch what I got(Four, tres, two, uno)So delicious(Not hot, hot)So delicious(I load them treats on the top)So delicious(You want a taste of what they got)It's freezaliciousT-t-tasty, tasty!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,7/25/2011,225,347,7,17,11>Café B. is a new Ralph Brennan restaurant Old Metairie.I was so excited to be at Café B on the night of their grand opening, Tuesday, 10 May 2011!! I found out that I now hold the honor of being the very first customer to eat a meal at their cool bar! The bar is where most of us single people tend to gravitate to vice a table, which can be a bit isolating for one. I'm so glad this bar is spacious and comfortable. My only recommendation is to add bar hooks (for purses and such).The decor is light and fresh, with hints of the Bayou area reflected in the artwork. The bar is well stocked, with a decent wine list, which boasts wines from the 1920's, 30's, 40's, 50's and 60's+. The staff was attentive and curious about whether the guests liked each dish and cocktail. The staff was casually dressed in starched white shirts, blue jeans and striped waist aprons. Parking is either in the adjoining lot or via their valet service (which is a nice feature if the small lot is full).I started with the "drink and 'b' merry!" menu and had the sparking pear. It's made from Absolut Pears vodka, a hint of peach schnapps and topped off with sparkling wine and floating pear orb. Overall, a refreshing and subtly strong cocktail but it could stand a hint of sweetness or possibly a muttled pear vice an orb. My orb was turning brown. Eric, at the bar, made me a second one and added muttled pear and a splash of simple syrup. It made ALL the difference.$8.50Next, I chose the Creole Crab Dip, which boasts Lake Pontchartrain lump crabmeat, housemade Creole cream cheese, scallions, toasted chevre and brioche points. Overall, the delicate sweetness of the crabmeat was masked by the heavy use of scallions. Interestingly, the culminating flavor was bland. Also, for a dip, it was VERY loose, akin to a sauce, not a dip. $13The soup and salad course was two-fold for me. I first had the Crawfish Tomato Bisque made of Breaux Bridge Crawfish, roasted Louisiana tomatoes and hints of brandy. This was very light, bordering on bland. It reminded me of the reason why such soups are started with a seafood broth vice water. Since this is a "Bayou" dish, they might consider adding a generous dash of Tony Chachere's seasoning, or the like. $6By contrast, I thoroughly enjoyed the Pear and Pecan Salad, which celebrated the marriage of ripe pears, farmers market greens, toasted Louisiana pecans, Steen's cane syrup vinaigrette and manchego cheese. This was delicious! Fresh, crunchy, bitter, sweet and savory, all on one plate. The salad is accompanied by two warm, delicious rolls that are clearly the rich cousin of croissants. Flaky and light.$8On their 'b' sweet eats menu, I ordered the Pecan Praline Bread Pudding, which featured housemade pralines and bourbon toffee sauce. It was warm and tasty and garnished with strawberry, blackberry and delicious chunks of pralines. A beautiful presentation. The texture of the pudding was perfect- the bread was not overly heavy and the pecans added a nice layer of flavor and texture. The sauce was a well-executed complement. I highly recommend this dessert. $8Like many of us younger folks living in Old Metry, it's so nice to have a dining option in the area past 9pm! On Friday & Saturday evenings, Café B plans to be open until midnight, serving a limited bar-type menu.This would be a great place for a Yelp event!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,7/24/2011,58,144,3,4,3>I love this theater. I've been to Canal Place multiple times and have always been happy. I've ordered food once: the crostini and the grilled tuna salad. Both were great.  Try the crostini--how can you go wrong with gorgonzola and prosciutto?  So good.They also make a good cocktail. I haven't tried any of their signature cocktails although I'm always tempted.The first time I went was for Harry Potter. I insisted on it in order to avoid a theater full of kids  (no offense to anyone, I swear).  I find that as the age limit in a theater goes up the screaming/talking/texting goes down.  Especially when viewing a youth-targeted movie. The theater has always been full and I've been to sold-out shows, so definitely book your tickets online.  The only downside?  The price.  As long as your expecting it, it's no big deal.  All the prices are online.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,7/23/2011,166,165,8,5,3>Came in to have my highlights touched up by Kristal and SO SUPER DUPER HAPPY I did. I look amazing. No really, I do. Call me conceited and superficial and full of myself... but if you saw me in this exact moment, hot damn! You'd agree too. LolIn all seriousness, Kristal is fantastic! I really cannot praise her enough. It's evident she's technically trained and executes flawlessly. She was easy going, fun to chat with and really listened to what I wanted done with my hair. I am currently the perfect shade of blond. I might even pass for a natural Asian blond. ;DThey are running a special currently for $5 eyebrow wax and $25 off hair treatment - both of which I took advantage of (in addition to getting my toesies pampered). I would most definitely recommend Kristal for any of your hair needs and you should just swing by to check the ladies out. They're all easy on the eyes and oh so nice. The only thing that would make this place better is if they served some vino while I was getting dolled up. Hint hint Cat :)
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,7/22/2011,211,183,5,8,7>Just came back from day one.  It seemed a lot like what Jazzfast used to be on Thursdays, for the locals, quiet, laid back, uncrowded, navigable.  The vendors were full, food and beverages were fresh and so were the sounds.   We walked around for a while, made the loop around near the IMAX theatre and walked some more.   We hade a Mango freeze and some of Quintens ice cream, which was very good-I had a brandy milk punch flavor, with a homemade chocolate syrup.  You could tell, it was NOT Hersheys.   It was a beautiful day, and French Quarter Festival is a beautiful gift from the city and its vendors.  Thank you FQF.   You are ruining me more and more for Jazzfest, Memphis in May, and other "pay for it" music and culture festivals.....
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,5/24/2012,161,103,,7,6>finally got a chance to check this place out!I got the calamari with snowcrab, upside down roll, and burning man roll. My favs would have to def be the calamari with snowcrab and the upside down roll! The sauce for the upside down roll was delicious. Words cannot describe it aha.There were a lot of other special rolls on the menu that I wanted to try, so I shall be back soon to finish off that list for the special rolls.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,5/22/2012,374,290,,8,5>Very friendly service. Good to see educated young boys put to work. It's a great place for young first-job high schoolers to get some experience. I had my dog in the car and I was greeting by a young man who asked me what I was interested in getting and he pet my dog. So cute! My car was pretty dirty. I mean I drove to NC and back and it was a mess. I got the regular $5 car wash and that did the trick! I'll be back. I wish there was a location in Kenner or Uptown, but I'll have to take a detour now and then on my way home and go through W. Esplanade.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,5/21/2012,25,23,6,9,13>I hate to be handin' out five star reviews, but this place ranks up there for two reasons: service, and the mango hookah.This place popped up out of nowhere it seemed.  We saw it on the way to Juan's, which is across the street from it, and decided to look in and check it out.  It looked cool, with leather couches, tables, TV's--new but tasteful.  More like something from my native city of Orlando, very clean and a big space.  It looked good, so we said we would be back after eating at Juan's.  We ate, got back, and asked if they served drinks, which they do not.  We asked if we could bring beer, and they said YES, so we said we'd be back, walked to Rouses, got a twelve pack, and returned, and finally we were ready to roll.  They have many flavors of hookah, some of which have funny names like Sex Pologne.  I've tried a couple now, some of them mixed, and some are smoother than others, all were generally good.  Let me add that, I have some experience with hookahs, there are several popular places in Orlando,but not many in New Orleans.  So, this place fills a niche for me, as the only other hookah place I know of is a club in the quarter, which is not really what I want. The servers (are they brothers?) are about the most attentive waiters I've had that I can think of off the top of my head.  They keep fresh coals coming, which helps keep the smoking smooth.  They blow and clean out the ashes from time to time.  They'll give you recommendations on flavors (which you should follow).  And they do all this in a laid back, I'll get you anything you need if you just ask manner--not in an annoying, never leave you alone way.  So yeah, they're great.  And they seem young and new at this, so they'll definitely be getting better if they keep up the great attitude.  Next, the mango hookah.  It's not just mango flavored tobacco (I'm not sure what flavor they use in it).  It is a special hookah you can get that is twice as much as a regular one--$17 or &18 dollars--and it is totally worth it.  It will blow your mind.  It is this:  instead of the normal metal hookah top where they stuff the tobacco, they pit a mango, affix it atop the hookah, stuff the tobacco in that, and cover it.  Then you smoke through the mango, and receive your first whiff of heaven.  It is so smooth.  It tastes so good.  I feel like an idiot in trying to describe it here, it is just that great of an experience.  Stop reading this and go try it right now.  And remember, BYOB.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,5/20/2012,23,40,3,10,5>Being a NEW bagel place in the Irish Channel naturally puts it in competition with the hallowed Stein's mere blocks down the street. I want to start out by explaining why I believe they should NOT be compared. Stein's is amazing, but I consider their bagel business a side note to their amazing sandwich menu. Therefore comparisons between the two seem false to me. A more appropriate comparison for Artz would be chain restaurants like Einsteins.On to Artz BagelzOne Star - LOCATION. Yes, you get an entire star for merely being located blocks from my house and IN the Irish Channel. Two Stars - Friendly service on a crazy opening weekend morning. Everyone seemed to know what they were doing and the place seemed to be running smoothly. Three Stars - Delicious cream cheese spreads. I tried the Spicy Cajun, which was essentially hot sauce in cream cheese form... delicious. Also, they did not pile a ton of cream cheese on my bagel, which is a common complaint I have at bagel places (including the aforementioned hallowed establishment). Four Stars - Super fresh and super delicious bagels. They were the right about of crispy after being toasted and the salt bagel was the right about of salty. I really enjoyed the quality of these bagels. Minus One Star - a mixture of the chain-like feel of the place and price. It seemed to be a little pricy. It also seemed like it was on the verge of being franchised, which is fine, but I like places with a bit more individuality.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2011,5/19/2012,56,189,,12,3>This might just be the best pizza that I've ever eaten. The boy and I had lunch at Midway Pizza yesterday and I absolutely loved it. We couldn't agree on a signature pizza, so we opted to "build your own pizza". (Sidenote of helpful information: a 10 inch pie is the perfect size for two people.) We topped our pizza with pepperoni, sausage, roasted garlic, mushrooms, basil, and roasted pepper aioli. The pizza was so incredibly flavorful and you could taste the freshness of all of the ingredients. The cheese to sauce to toppings ratio was perfect. The crust was thick and soft. The pizza is also very reasonably priced at $12.75.We were disappointed to find out that the Freret Jet Lunch Buffet (your choice of a house salad or caesar salad and as many slices of pizza as you can eat for just $8.95) is only offered on weekdays from 11am to 2:30pm, despite the menu stating that it is offered everyday. Our server told us that it would not be the case and that they would be changing the menus. That is an awesome deal (take note!), but we just felt that it should have been honored since it was posted on both the Midway Pizza facebook page and menus. Our server also seemed kind of inexperienced and could have been more personable.The pizza was absolutely 5-stars, but the kinks in the service take this review down to 4-stars. It was only the third day open, so I am confident that the service kinks will work out naturally. Honestly, though, the pizza is so delicious that I don't care if they make me serve myself.Highlights:-Open until midnight.-Offers an affordable lunch buffet option.-Reasonably priced.-Pizza is fresh and delicious.-Good for groups, big and small.-Local beers on draught.Love, love, love Midway Pizza.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,5/18/2012,19,127,3,4,3>Love this place. Love it. LOVE it.After letting my hair grow out for one too many months, I went loking for a salon to give me that new style that said "hey, look at me!". The one I found gave me a style that said something like "hey, look at that poodle dressed like a lady!" So I turned to Rocket Science for help... and I got it, in spades. When I walked in for my scheduled appointment the person I was supposed to be meeting with was still busy with another client. Rather than making me wait, another stylist (Katherine) offered to cut my hair right away. She was fantastic! She listened to what I wanted, made me look amazing, and did it in under 30 minutes. I'm used to a salon visit taking an hour and being slightly disappointing. Not this one! 5 stars, all the way!
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,5/17/2012,30,33,4,5,6>One of the great things about my apartment is the fact that I'm 3.5 blocks off of St. Charles and can take the streetcar to work in the CBD. The monthly RTA pass is so much cheaper than a parking contract. Unfortunately, I do have to drive to work twice a week, due to needing to be somewhere directly afterwards.Now let's get one thing straight. The streetcar is a charming and inefficient mode of transportation. It's not the fastest way to get around town, and is vulnerable to delays and breakdowns. However, in the morning I can depend on there being a streetcar at my stop around the same time every day. The afternoon is kind of a toss-up, especially on Fridays and holidays with tourists in town.It is not air-conditioned, but with the windows open it works up a nice breeze. And in the winter, as long as the windows are closed it's not too cold. It is also, sadly, not wheelchair-accessible. Pro tip: Have your money or pass out and ready when you board the streetcar. Move all the way to the back after you pay. And in streetcar vs. car/dumptruck/anything, the streetcar wins. Every time.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,5/15/2012,147,39,7,7,6>I'm kind of in love with this little coffee shop, which is saying a lot, since I don't drink coffee.But you know what I DO drink? Bubble tea! Sometimes I will wake up and just NEED some all day long. Well, Mojo is the only place remotely near me that I know serves bubble tea. Unfortunately for me, it's not really on my way to anywhere either, so I don't make it over too frequently. I made a special trip out today (it was one of those bubble tea days!), and took the long way home from work to get my fix. I had already gotten the Taro flavor a while ago (yum-tastic and PURPLE!), so I decided to go the really refreshing route and grab a Honeydew bubble tea. The nice girl behind the counter regretfully informed me that they were out of tapioca, and asked if I still wanted my tea. Well . . . yeah. I did! I was kind of depressed about the lack of tapioca pearls, because that is most of the fun of bubble tea, but I needed to find out how the Honeydew flavor tasted, no matter what!Dudes, it was AMAZING. And bright green! Completely hit the spot, so much so that (after talking to a friend I bumped into for about an hour) I decided to get another LARGE cup of it. Then discovered (oh no!) that they were out of Honeydew, so I would have to choose another flavor. I went with Lychee, which was good, but not quite as good as Honeydew. A little too sweet and fragrant, I think . . . the Honeydew was milder. Still good, though . . . but did I really need two giant cups of the stuff? YES. Yes, I did.I'm kinda buzzing off bubble tea right now, so this review might be all over the map! Honestly, if it weren't for the intermittent lack of ingredients, this would probably be a 5 star place for me. It's adorable, I run into people I know, friendly staff, and yummy bubble tea! Also, I do appreciate the staff's honesty in telling me that bubble tea supplies take a long time to come in when they are ordered, so I am prepared that not all of the flavors will be available at all times. This is becoming a trend with me. I enjoy honesty from the businesses I patronize, even if the news is not ideal. It earns my loyalty. In short, I will definitely return, but will maybe call ahead to see if Honeydew or Taro is in stock! :-)Pro tip: Cash ONLY, dahlin'
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,5/14/2012,173,142,11,12,11>Ever since I went on my first cruise, I found the experience so delightful, so fulfilling, so, well, for lack of better descriptors, so experientially orgasmic, that I occasionally have a very vivid dream that I'm on a cruise.  I mean I live through the whole seven day experience. I dream up new friends, crazy foreign waiters, foreign outings, drunken karaoke, injuries, the whole bit.  Like after having dreams of lost loves or finally bagging Ryan Gosling, I tend to wake up sad as I face the cold reality of my workaday, hamster wheel life.  Ever since I ate at Bayona, I have had new dreams... dreams of tangy, perfectly cooked sweetbreads, kinky rabbit three ways,  exploding fonts of delicious spicy Spanish wines, perfect service, and basically the best of everything epicurean... you get the picture. Just like I was "happy with my life" before I went on my first cruise, I thought I had tasted some of New Orleans' best cuisine before I ate at Bayona.  Not so!  If you have not been, get thee to Bayona.  You will not regret it.  In fact, you'll never be the same...
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,5/13/2012,166,165,,4,4>When my class mate told me of this place, she described it as a Thai restaurant that also served American breakfasts - strange combination right? Naturally I was skeptical of how authentic the Thai food would be. I am happy to report that this place was surprisingly delish! I ordered the pad see ew and it was ok. The beef was dry and the seasoning was not nearly as spicy as I was hoping. However, the pad thai was amazeballs! One of the best pad thai dishes I've ever had. The tom yum soup was also very tasty! My friend also order some chicken lo mien - a very safe dish for a very white boy with unadventurous taste buds. If you're looking for something mild, that would be a very safe dish to order. :) Don't get me wrong, it was tasty, but it was definitely not what I would think of as authentic Thai. It was like a much better version of Panda Express lo mien.The restaurant is small but very clean. Something about it is very charming. I liked the ambiance immediately. I look forward to coming back and dining on the porch in the spring when the weather is nice. Definitely enjoyed this Thai place more than the one down the street (Singa Song II or something like that).
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2013,11/4/2013,161,1547,7,15,12>Over 3 years later, this is still a favorite. The perfect spot to order a cheese plate for a party or to find a cheese to complement your latest culinary creation  But if you don't believe me that the staff is really knowledgeable? Then check this out: nola.com/food/index.ssf/…The store manager, Justin Trosclair, is the current supreme cheesemonger in the US. Or y'know a champion of something.They serve amazing food, sandwiches & salads, and you can order a glass (or bottle) of wine. It does get ridiculously crowded sometimes though.Last father's day, I went in and asked the staff for the stinkiest/funkiest cheese that they carried as a gift for my Dad. Hoo boy, it was stinky. No I didn't try it and yes, my Dad loved it
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2013,11/3/2013,88,299,5,12,7>Yes this place has cheap booze. I used to go here because one of my friends considered this place his favorite hangout. The way he hyped this place up I thought it would have been way better.If you are not a smoker this will bother you like crazy, Lots of people smoke here. Back when I hung out here I used to smoke so I guess it was no big deal. I think if I went back I probably wouldn't be able to handle it anymore. This place does get super crowded but it is still fun.In short this place is good but overcrowded and smoky. Still it is way better than Ms. Maes!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,11/2/2013,117,11,5,17,9>I have been going to The Country Club since I was 18! Things have changed in 10 years and it just keeps getting better.I am a member and it has it's perks! Daily membership can be anywhere from $10-$20. A yearly membership runs $300 and if your in the service industry its $200. A pretty sweet deal and pays for itself rather quickly.The pool is clothing optional never uncomfortable but definitely interesting. Some people bare it all and others not so much. Regardless everyone is super respectful and absolutely no pressure. This is not a Miami or Las Vegas style pool its just a mellow oasis. The bartenders are all super cool, cocktails are $7 and happy hour wells are $3. Hate those summer rainstorms? If your at The Country Club when this happens no need to pack up and go home.  Just head on in to the bar (clothing required) because its always Happy Hour when it rains. Its a PARTY! The tunes are ever changing and at night they project fun movies and also show a few popular TV shows. All while you float in the pool with drink in hand. I have yet to try the bottomless Champagne brunch on the weekends.  The Korean Barbecue Skewers however are delicious.If you are a fan of no tan lines, cocktails, and relaxation then get there!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,11/1/2013,98,1428,2,17,10>Baie Rouge is the best brand new restaurant I have ever tried. I cannot even begin to imagine how difficult it must be to open a new restaurant. Often times new places need a few months to get to the point that I would consider them up to par. Baie Rouge has completely changed that opinion. Despite being open less than a month, this restaurant is unbelievably good.The restaurant has a cool, funky vibe. Besides the large dining area, there is a long bar against the wall, and there is even an area with couches and a coffee table. I would imagine that area would be good for a small group of friends to eat, talk and relax. I liked that the main dining area tables were well spaced and not so close to each other that you have no privacy.The service was excellent. Our server was friendly, attentive and really made us feel welcome. Besides being an awesome server, we learned that she too is a Yelper which made me like her even more.The food was incredible. The brie pomme frites may be the best french fry dish I have ever had. What appeared to be hand cut frites were perfectly fried and topped by melted brie. I have no idea what else was on the fries, but they were really stellar. My entree was the hanger steak. Hanger steak is not for everyone, and often can be tough if not prepared properly. This version was not only tender, but the taste was wonderful. I wish I were a trained food writer so I could accurately describe the flavor, but since I am not, I will just say it was awesome.Another cool feature of Baie Rouge is that until they get their liquor license, there is no corkage fee and they are BYOB. If you want to bring in a nice bottle of wine or six pack of beer, they will be glad to open it and serve it to you.Prices are very reasonable. I found them to be in line, or even cheaper than comparable restaurants.Even though I am doing my best to keep trying new places, I think Baie Rouge will become one of my regular spots. If you are looking for a reasonably priced, great restaurant, give this place a try. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,10/31/2013,196,337,2,12,8>I'm in love with this place... I never was a big BBQ eater but this place changed things....It changed my life.... It brought me to a fully existence. One that included the love and passion for BBQ and specifically brisket. I never thought such a day could come but Boo Koo did it. This love affair started with a BBQ Brisket Burger (TEAR...Sorry I'm getting a little emotional) this burger consisted of ground brisket topped with bbq smoked brisket and Swiss cheese. I never tasted anything like it and that brisket on top was beyond great. Accompany this was the huge fries that were just all the right perfect. Later I went back of course (who am I fooling? Several times) and got the brisket plate... That brisket.... sigh. It was just so tender and just perfect with the tangy bbq, the portion size was huge and I could eat it all day if need be. It came with a side and I tried the wonderful Truffle Gouda Mac N Cheese and I actually did my happy food dance...Tips: It's located at the moment inside of Finn McCools, which is a bar. So if bars are not your thing don't worry. Although it's in there it's to the other side and you can go order and go sit outside no worries. It is also open during the week at lunch which is a plus in my book and outside seating is good so you don't have to endure the smoke.  Decent parking it's in a neighborhood so be courteous and enjoy the yummy.Also... The owner is really cool and just so friendly. I hope they get their own place soon because they deserve it.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,10/30/2013,17,59,,5,3>Wayfare, a sandwhich and salad shop on Freret next door Anchora, is a great addition to the street's burgeoning casual gourmet food and drink scene.I've been by twice now, once for lunch and dinner, and have been consistently impressed with what their serving. On my first visit, my fiancee and I split a Media Dia sandwhich and an order of vegetable arancini. The Media Dia is, so far, the best thing I've ordered here. On our second trip we had a cold roast beef knuckle sandwhich the bruschetta of the day. Everything is fresh, and creative with an international flavors grounded in Italian inspiration. The sandwiches are all over $10 but are large enough to share and come with house made potato chips and pickles. The sandwiches are much better than offerings at similar prince points at St. James Cheese Company and Tartine, rivaling, though not yet surpassing, those at Cochon Butcher. I haven't had a chance to try a cocktail yet, but probably will on my next trip.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,10/29/2013,69,47,,6,4>One of my favorite things to do in New Orleans is bring my friends from out of town to try Pho Tau Bay.  My friends have all loved it!  I love it!  Pho Tau is great!My favorite things from Pho Tau Bay are the Vietnamese iced coffee, VG 6, tofu spring rolls, soup rau chay, tofu bahn mi, and lime-aid drink (forget the name of it on the menu).  For vegetarian Vietnamese food, it doesn't get better than this in New Orleans. (There are other Vietnamese places with yummy veg dishes, but it seems that every time I go to Tan Dinh or Lost Love Lounge, they're always out of tofu or some other critical ingredient.  Pho Tau Bay always has everything I want stocked in the kitchen.)
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,10/28/2013,152,40,5,12,6>I LOVE BJ's. BJ's all around. The Bywater Living room. My friend, Alicia S.'s parents met here circa 1983. It's a great locals' hangout. Additionally, BJ's has a killer old school jukebox.I always have good conversations with the bartenders and patrons. Monday nights: King James and The Special Men. Put yer dancing shoes on ya'll!!!!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,10/27/2013,7,75,5,7,6>What a great place. Let's put it succinctly: awesome bands, very clean, friendly and attentive bartenders (hard to find in NOLA sometimes), oh and NON SMOKING!! Acoustics are great, plenty of seating and small enough where most get a good view and everyone gets great music. Sammich shop in the bar is also a bonus delight - review for that forthcoming.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,10/26/2013,13,171,5,5,5>The selection of drinks in this bar is great!  They even make draft cocktails, which involves different beers, liquors and mixers.  Interesting and good!  Prices are decent and comparable to most places that offer such a great selection.  Went on a very quiet Sunday, I'm sure the vibe is a lot different when the offer music, but if you're looking for a great place to relax, Sunday afternoon here is a great choice!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,12/6/2010,21,83,,4,2>This is my favorite spot for either a date or dinner with family in New Orleans.  From the outside, you wouldn't think it, but time after time I find myself making a reservation here rather than bayona, herbsaint, august, nola,gautreaus, the list goes on...There are a few reasons for this, but I think the main one is the atmosphere.  It feels very free and unpretentious.  It is cozy and small, and while you get individual attention, you are not hampered or bothered by a waiter when trying to be private.  I really like the food.  I don't think it's top 5 food in the city but it's close.  I think all the pieces are there, and everything is done well, and despite there being bold flavors, there's not much risk.  That's okay, though.  Even good if you're a regular.  Everything always seems consistent, and my favorite thing to order here is always fish.  I don't always see different fish entrees on the menu, but there is generally enough seafood variety between that and specials. I also like the wines there...cheap house half bottles and generally good priced cotes du rhone, etc.  After the meal here, not only do you feel comfortable, at home, and satisfied, but you are also capable of still feeling healthy.  That's the other main reason I keep coming here.  I get a delicious, bold, flavorful meal in my favorite type of atmosphere, but am not 10lbs heavier. 5 stars, keep it up guys!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,12/2/2010,213,82,2,4,2>I'm sure there are New Orleans purists who have always rolled their eyes at the thought of a Cafe du Monde in the suburbs . . . OK, I'm one of them.  Guilty.Now that I live in the 'burbs, I LOVE having that piece of traditional New Orleans out here.  Although there is an incredible charm to a walk through the French Quarter to get to grab a piece of history, you can't argue with the convenience of the Metairie location's parking, cozy indoor seating, and the drive thru.Warning if you have never had beignets!  If you use the drive thru, go DIRECTLY back to your hotel, room, etc., because beignets are best consumed hot or warm.  Eating while driving will guarantee sugar all over your clothes. ;-)It's especially great on a weekend morning with the kids or a date destination.  If you value your time alone with a nice book or the newspaper, it's really a great option.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,12/1/2010,83,80,2,3,3>Goat cheese balls, deep fried and drizzled with honey (or croquetas if you're being proper) make everything better. Seriously, since moving to New Orleans, I've noticed that anytime my mood swings little low I start to crave the crispy, creamy, sweet and tart deliciousness of those goat cheese balls. And miraculously, they never fail to make me feel like things are gonna be okay. Also, the mushroom manchego toast is amazing and has a similar impact. I love the exposed brick atmosphere, and with the windows open, it's a fabulous place to come grab a meal and drink. I just wish the hipster vibe could get taken down a notch. Surprisingly, I have yet to come here for DJ Soul Sister on Saturday night but am seriously considering Mimi's as the venue for my first ever birthday celebration in NOLA next month! Great food, drinks and dancing? Yes, please.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2010,11/30/2010,60,12,5,5,4>Although this will never be my go-to morning stop for coffee (I must have a PJ's iced mocha every day to get going, see my review on PJ's for more details) I do like the Bean Gallery for an afternoon or evening hang out. The PJ's that is down the street from this location closes early and they don't have great seating, but I suppose I should save my gripes for their review. The Bean Gallery has a relaxed vibe and feels very much like a neighborhood hang out, which I think is important when considering where to sit and write your Yelp reviews. The hot chocolate and chai latte that I've tried here were yummy and the baristas are friendly. They have outdoor seating which is great this time of year in New Orleans, complete with ash trays for all you smokers out there. Coffee and cigarettes do go hand in hand, after all. The Bean Gallery also offers a book swap, so you can ashamedly smuggle in your over-used copy of Twilight and switch it out for something more mentally stimulating, like Harry Potter. (Disclaimer: There is no guarantee that you will find Twilight or Harry Potter on the shelves here.)Parking is bit of a pain. It's all on street parking, on busy Carrollton Ave. or the side street next to the shop, so you have to be careful getting in and out of your vehicle. Another perk (pun possibly intended) to this coffee shop is the fact that it is literally 455 ft. from my house. My friend sent me her Google Latitude update while she was here a few weeks ago, which is how I know the exact footage. With that distance in mind, you should probably avoid checking in here if I happen to have a restraining order against you. Otherwise, I recommend the Bean Gallery for your caffeine and chill atmosphere needs.Bonus: Apparently you can purchase eternal happiness for $1 (in the tip jar.) Not a bad deal in this economy!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,11/29/2010,218,209,2,8,6>I love their Turkey Burgers, Turkey Chili, Garden Salads etc. The owner works behind the register daily. They fax menus to your job and if you live/work in the CBD area, they will deliver. I think this place is well needed in New Orleans, it should be well deserved and frequented if we want to keep it open.This is a great place for vegans, vegetarians, pescetarians, flexetarians etc etc etc
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,11/28/2010,154,280,7,8,6>Is it possible for a snoball to blow your MIND? Cause that happened to me yesterday at Hansen's. I consider myself somewhat of a snoball connoisseur, having tried most of the snoballs in New Orleans. This place changed my whole perspective on snoball stands in general. I entered in the wooden screened doors and stood in line noticing all the countless sign they have up saying "you can't rush quality" or something along those lines. A large poster encouraged people to try some new swamp themed combinations of snoballs with which all the profits go to saving some of the oil-damaged wetlands. I really liked this idea & was getting super excited already. As I scanned the flavor sign looking for my classic dreamscicle flavor I adore so much, I noticed some really interesting flavors I had never seen before anywhere! Ginger? Cardamon? But oh no! I wasn't seeing dreamscicle! So as I approached the smiling faced, pretty, mom-looking woman behind the counter (what a nice relief from the all the snotty faced, apathetic teenagers who usually work the stands!) I began to sweat. I tried not to sound worried when I asked if they did not carry dreamscicle? She smiled and told me there were so many variations of flavors to choose from in order to find that perfect dreamscicle flavor! Her personal favorite being SATSUMA & ICE CREAM CREAM flavors mixed. Bring it on. A giant mega sticky snow mound was handed to me in a plastic cup depicting smiling swamp animals! And the flavor of this dreamscicle was beyond all my imaginings! Not a single basic dreamscicle at any other snoball stand will ever compare. Thank you Hansen's for being original, refreshing, and having the perfect sticky sweet ratio of syrup to soft shaved ice that I have ever encountered. Ever.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,11/27/2010,37,68,3,4,5>Honestly... I can't say enough wonderful things about this little place.  Boucherie is one of my favorite spots to grab a nice, sit-down dinner in New Orleans.If you're looking for a nice place to bring a date, a good friend from out of town, or anyone who is looking for a good meal on a budget, Boucherie is it.  Situated in what clearly was/is a home, the vibe of Boucherie is comfortable and the seating is cozy without being too stuffy.Do it all: Order drinks (the cocktails are great and the beer selection, while modest, is well nuanced) a small plate or two (go for the caesar salad!), entrees, and a dessert (I wasn't a huge fan of the notorious Krispy Kreme bread pudding... but the other two rotating items are always great).  When I say you can't go wrong...I mean it.  I haven't had one dish at Boucherie that I haven't thoroughly enjoyed.This hometown gem has become somewhat of a tradition within my friend circle.  Both myself and my girlfriend went to Boucherie to celebrate our 21st birthdays.  Whenever our younger, undergraduate friends ask us for a nice, affordable place to help them seal the deal with their latest crush, we always recommend Boucherie. Keep an eye out for their purple truck around town!
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,11/26/2010,63,50,4,9,3>Restaurant reviews are always super-subjective.  I mean seriously, if you can give a Southern home-cooking restaurant one star because they don't serve food for vegetarians, or give it five stars because you like one thing on the menu THAT much, then clearly the quality of an establishment is in the eye of the beholder.I try not to fall into that trap, that mode.  Of course I want to give my own opinions on a place, but I also try to throw in some objective criticism.  What is the goal of an establishment?  If they meet their goal, if they do what they set out to do well, then shouldn't that count for something even if I don't fully appreciate what they put out?  It's not a restaurant's fault that they don't serve the style of cuisine a person might like.  They can only do what they set out to do in the first place.So all that prologue-y stuff was just a set up to say that this time, I'm not really bringing anything objective at all.  I'm admitting right here that I'm purposely falling into the trap and I'm going to be as biased as I'll ever be.I really dig Joey K's in the most un-objective way possible: basically on the merits of ONE dish.  I've eaten there about five times and have enjoyed every meal.  None of the dining experiences were perfect, but they didn't have to be.  Joey K's goal is to serve New Orleans down-home comfort food in a cozy, quirky, comfortable environment, and they succeed admirably.THE GOODAll U Can Eat Catfish:  I recognize the bias in loving a place where I only order the same thing every time I go, but I don't care.  I love the catfish here and its price point as a meal.  It is the PERFECT value.  There is nothing elegant about the catfish they give you, but it is perfectly fried with every piece they serve being as consistently good as the next one.  It really is a fantastic way to reward your belly.All The Other Food:  I've never ordered any of it myself, but I've had the pleasure to try other entrees that my friends have ordered.  Everything tastes simple and delicious.  Extremely large portions, no frills, and with the exception of the seafood everything is pretty much under $10.  Again, excellent value for a good coat-your-stomach meal.  Special shout-out goes to the Braised Lamb Shank special on Tuesdays.  I prefer lamb to be grilled or cooked on a fry pan, but even I enjoyed the braise here.  Truly fork-tender with a great sauce.THE BADNonePURGATORYNoneOVERALLThere's just something extraordinarily comforting about Joey K's simple, tasty catfish.  It really just makes everything else they have moot, or merely bonus points.  I love it.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,11/23/2010,160,294,4,7,4>Okay, to be clear, my 5 star rating is IF what you seek is an awesome dive bar that ebbs and flows between music venue and a wreck of dimly lit space that includes a sizable back patio.  If you aren't into dive bars, then my review will not serve you.I heart The Saint.  It's tiny, it's dirty, it's loud, and it's a little hard to find for the uninitiated.  Go and seek it out.  You may catch karaoke or not.  Local live music or not.  Or just a zombie movie.  Really, do any of those options sound bad to you?
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,11/22/2010,90,137,4,10,6>Because culinary gentrification ain't cool.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,1/7/2013,68,72,,6,6>LOVED this spot.  So unexpected and the decor was impressive!  It was such a cool experience and reminded me of hip and trendy spots in Los Angeles and NYC.  I'd fight parking for those kinds of experiences :)  To top it off...the food was delish!  We ordered the SoBou burger and crispy chicken on the bone.  I had the burger and even though it was extremely juicy and cooked to perfection....I secretly wish I'd ordered the chicken on the bone.  Three or four tiny little chickens that tasted like Heaven!  I typical avoid chicken on menus because...chicken is chicken, right?  Well, I promise you...next time I'm there, I will certainly have the chicken cause it ain't just chicken!  Did I mention how reasonably priced SoBou is??  When you walk in you anticipate a hefty check but this is truly a gourmet experience at great prices.  The plates may be small but they're filling and fairly priced. This spot is certainly a gem in the Quarters and I can't wait to get back there ASAP.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,1/6/2013,48,158,2,6,4>I kind of felt like a tourist coming to this place and standing in line bc that's all the people were standing around me. Don't get me wrong, I am definitely about the tourists, please - spend money in NOLA, we need it and we appreciate you!I just hate waiting in line. There's so many good places to eat so I don't like to wait too long. However, that being said, this place had about 10 ppl in front of me and the line was only 15 min long.I really wanted to come here bc I was craving chicken and waffles and it didn't disappoint. it wasn't amazing, but it was pretty frigging good and only $11. it takes 20 minutes from when you order it but would still get it. this dish at fat hen is $17. there's a chicken and waffles place but it's in the east. ordered the pecan praline pancakes. it was more like butterscotch and coconut pancakes, pretty friggin good. great batter. but don't expect praline. good sized, we ordered this and 3 people shared it as a side.i'll come back in line, even if i have to wait.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,1/5/2013,56,171,1,11,5>Mama Mia! Now this is Italian!I remember eating here as a little girl.  A visit to Venezia was a big deal and called for a dress.  I thought this place was huge.  This place has changed a lot since I was a little girl, but the food hasn't.  Still delicious!Don't let the atmosphere of this place fool you.  It looks like a regular neighborhood restaurant with white paper atop the table, but the food is phenomenal.  The service is very good, the waiters are very attentive and intuitive, they think of everything about a nanosecond before you do.  They also know the menu very well.  These are the waiters who can recite every ingredient or cooking process without having to look at the menu.  They offer pairings and know how to tempt to order an additional item, or try a particular sauce.  Experts at influencing and you will love them for it.For a Friday night dinner, I tried one of the specials, Veal Pontchartrain.  This may be the best Italian meal I have ever had in my life!  The super tender veal was lightly breaded and panned to perfection.  The veal is accompanied by a brothy lemon sauce (think Picatta) with quartered artichoke hearts and lump blue crab.  It is also available with the drum; I wish I would have had enough stomach capacity to order one of each.  If you spot this on the menu, get it, do not think twice, order it and close the menu.  If you prefer traditional Italian, you will also find wonderful Veal Parmesan and Shrimp Fettuccine portions are rather large, so plan to be full and use up every last inch of your stomach.  The fried calamari is also a good appetizer and I can't resist ordering it on every visit.The restaurant is rather quiet and draws a mix of people, but it's a great place for a date or family meal.  The place may not look like much, but this is a jewel in Mid-City and you are in for a special treat when you dine here.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,1/4/2013,54,438,,6,3>Looks can be deceiving. From the outside this casual restaurant in Kenner looks like a total dive. Inside it's a great place to grab some lunch. Art (that is also for sale) is hanging on some of the walls in the dining area. Off to the side is a good sized bar.Since we had a small group we decided to split some pizzas. The much lauded BBQ Shrimp wasn't available so we ordered the Buffalo Chicken and the Cajun. Both were quite delicious. I also had some cheesy bread sticks as an appetizer. Beer selection was pretty good although I wish they had a tap.Overall I'd classify this as a "hidden gem" in Kenner. If I frequented the area with any regularity I'd stop by often.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,1/3/2013,154,280,10,9,10>Warning: Too much of the sexy booty fries will not result in a sexy booty. The Sexy Booty fries menu item instead is referring to the shredded pork butt which is tossed in a mole tasting barbeque sauce, and topped with shredded cheddar & pickled red onions. Omg, the fries were crispy & hand cut, you could tell a lot of effort went into this (not just because of the long wait time either)!  They also offer the same fries only covered in nacho ingredients, it was a tough decision for sure. The cook even came out & offered samples of the shrimp bisque he was working on, it was delicious. There are so many things on the menu that look good, they even have a wheel with food pics to spin up at the window, if you can't choose. So the kitchen's name is Edible Alchemy, and rightly so. It's one step above regular pub food which is pretty much the answer to my mid-city delivery dreams. I'm beyond excited about this, y'all.We popped in to the Holy Ground for a pint because I read an article about the kitchen and couldn't wait to try it. My husband did a similar bar window type restaurant so he was super skeptical at first. That's the only reason why we didn't just order the entire menu & pig out but you better believe I am going to work my way down every item. We both fought over the last couple of fries and I fought the urge to lick that glorious sauce off the plate.  Delicious to say the least.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2012,1/2/2013,272,184,1,10,5>This is a cute little cafe that my co-workers and I will often order from. They have daily lunch specials, a good selection of sandwiches and salads, and made to order specialty coffee. I like ordering a latte every now and then but only when I have cash on me since the prices are so low, my mornings won't get me to the $5 card minimum (FIRST WORLD PROBLEM). Most of the time, I order the same thing: their Caesar salad and grilled chicken pita. The portion is exactly right to fill me up and be consumed in 15 minutes. The part I like about walking in here is all the regulars hanging out, drinking beer in the middle of the afternoon, and playing video poker. It's totally a neighborhood hangout. The owner is always smiling and sweet and it's just a pleasant place to be.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,1/1/2013,87,163,,9,4>I tried Oceana for the first time a couple of weeks ago when my parents were in town.  This was the choice because everyone was hungry, but no one had the energy to walk somewhere to get dinner.  My complaint about this place is the prices.  We ordered 3 po boys and 1 red beans and rice with sausage and it came it a little over $60.  With that price why would I ever give this place 4 stars?  Frankly the food was good.  My parents both chose blackened meats which they loved the taste of.  This was especially important because my dad has high cholesterol and was trying not to eat fried food which we know is a tall order in NOLA.  My red beans was very flavorful, and there was enough for me to eat for two days.  Best of all, it was delivered strait to their hotel room so everyone was happy, full and comfortable at the end of the night.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,12/31/2012,230,290,2,7,2>Let me preface by saying I HATE (yes, strong word) going to the dentist and I would do anything to get out of an appointment.  Sure, that is counter-productive but in my eyes, it is a lot better than being in that chair.  With that being said, Dr. Perez and his assistants are SAINTS.  Not only did they put up with me crying like a little baby but they were quick, painless and efficient.  When I had to go back for a filling Dr. Perez was so skilled with a needle that I had no idea he had even used one until he told me. THANK YOU. Now I will work on going to the dentist more often.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,12/30/2012,42,66,4,6,4>Being as how my wife is from Tunbridge Wells in England, this place was a breath of fresh air to her. Since she has moved down to New Orleans, it's been a trek trying to find a place that is as close to a true English pub as possible. Everywhere we went, it was either a cheesy stereotypical English pub or just another Irish pub. But when we tried this place out, it was love at first sight. It has a very homey atmosphere to it and the people we've met here were very friendly. Lots of English beers and ciders to choose from and plenty of UK imported snacks to munch on. Proper way to enjoy a nice pint of English pear cider is with a bag of Quavers! :DD Not to mention, the bar is also dog friendly! But one of the coolest things we've seen is when they have the tardis from Doctor Who outside the entrance. The nerd in me squeeled when I first laid eyes on it. As if everything else hasn't been enough to bring me back, this was the icing on the cake. Crown & Anchor is one of my favorite places to go to in New Orleans. PERIOD. Think I could go for a pint right now actually! :D
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,12/29/2012,61,118,,6,4>Stella! has been a restaurant I've wanted to visit for years, but could never make it work (a month out, and the only reservations are at 5:45 or 10:30!), so it was with great anticipation that my sweetie and I dined there for a special occasion dinner. As my girl Paige had eaten there several times and loved it, my expectations were sky high and the short answer is, they were exceeded.    The main dining room is decorated like  one expects a multi-Michelin starred establishment to be: soft, creamy tones, rich leather seats and an epic flower arrangement that adds the only burst of color to the space. It is both serene and comfortable and also adds that sense of luxury one expects at a top dollar (more on that later) restaurant.     The service is exactly as I think it should be: attentive but not hovering, friendly but not chummy, informative but not evangelical and, in a word, formal.     But none of this is worth a hill of cranberry beans poached in chervil essence if the food is not stellar (sorry). Well, it is, and then some. The bread service was simple (just two choices) but perfectly executed, with a white roll that was springy with a hint of yeasty sweetness and the parmesean & garlic foccacia which was tender, salty and effervescent with mild garlicky aromas.      The amuse bouche was a crispy kale leaf dotted with little swirls of duck liver mousse and sorrel leaves that my omnivore love assured me was delightful.       My first course of grilled octopus with fried potatoes, smoked pimenton sauce and sage was a marvelous interperetation of one of my favorite dishes while Paige enjoyed a luxe deviled egg (one of her fave things) with caviar and a delicately briny foam (I know, foam is a bit old hat, but when it works, it works). My chili prawns were a Spanish take (somewhat) on our own BBQ shrimp; scarlet, buttery sauce draped over achingly tender prawns and soaking into a crispy crouton-delicious! and her luscious veal sweetbreads with andouille (perhaps the only "local" touch we experienced) were great.        Paige was wishing she could have the duck five ways again yesterday, such was the simultaneous invention, deliciousness and satisfying variety. My butter poached lobster with additional caviar was exactly as superb and decadent as one would expect, but the artfully arranged selection of vegetables still managed to be memorable and smile-inducing (particularly a cherry-sized sweet potato so alive with its own intrinsic flavor, I was momentarily distracted from my orgy of crustacean love). My brown butter apple financier was so rich, brown-buttery and adorable with its tiny apple cubes it was all I could do not to wolf it down and ask for another and my sweetheart's olive oil & thyme cake was refreshing and rich simultaneously. As she has a permanent designated driver, my girl opted for the wine pairings with her courses and each was not only a fine accompaniment for its partner food, but was also damn fine wine in its own right.        A final petit four course and really good coffee put a perfect little tiara on the marvelous evening. I will say that we spent $450 for two people, only one drinking (my lobster & its caviar came with supplemental charges and Paige added truffles to her sweetbreads) but I want you to know that I think we received excellent value for what we spent. For most of us, Stella! is a special occasion restaurant for which one might have to save (as we did), but it is truly worth the wait.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,3/30/2012,164,215,3,4,3>Went for their famous Sunday Brunch and it was good. It would have been better had  I gotten there while the food was hot out the pan. My omelet was fresh, but the grits tasted burnt. However, the gumbo is certainly authentic. Went during Mardi Gras so it was packed to the gills but the waitress was superb. The best part was the banana bread pudding. I've had dreams of it every night since!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,3/29/2012,22,200,,5,3>Vegan Pho + awesome location + great prices = a great Vietnamese place on the east bankMind blowing vegan pho!  I've never been able to find vegan pho and now here it is right down the street.  Awesome!  I also got two types of veggie spring rolls which were good but not as amazing as the pho.  My boyfriend got the tofu Bahn Mi which was good but I prefer the ones on the west bank.  i was sitting next to a guy who was just in love with the food.  He said he was from NYC and you couldn't get pork like this down here.  Hope everyone knows there are a million great Vietnamese places on the westbank..... really just try to cross the bridge!Anyways this place is cheap and good and next time i get sick I'm going to live off their vegan pho!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,3/28/2012,41,215,2,6,4>You'll get an awesome view and it truly is cheap-as-free (if you're walking).  I like taking visitors here after they've had a day running around the FQ like kids on speed, as the relaxing change of pace can usually do them some good by that point.  By the time you return to canal street your heartbeat will be in sync with the waves, meaning you're ready to hit up frenchmen!Pro-tip:  I personally love taking it during the sunset/gloaming/twilight hour when the skyline is bathed in gold before being plunged into New Orleans characteristic blue-purple.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,3/27/2012,122,39,17,9,8>Believe it or not, my ex-boyfriend referred me to Dr Janet Ross. Well, I guess it's not that hard to believe... they both have an interest in my vagina. It takes a while to get your first appointment with her... I had to schedule it three or four months in advance. But it is well worth the wait! She's cool about answering all kinds of questions. (Even ones that would make my grandmother blush) I think she's the perfect mix of professional and casual. Plus, she's pretty hot. Her staff is awesome. They're very patient and helped me figure out the cheapest way to bill things when I was between health insurance providers. I went in for my annual and received the results in the mail the following Monday. I'm such a nerd. I hung it on the fridge like a report card.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,3/26/2012,127,182,5,6,5>One word broken down: ah-maz-ing!Great live music, friendly and fun bartenders, humongous bar and dance floor, huge patio, juke box w/ something for everyone, more televisions than Best Buy, ample bar space and bar stools, comfy couches, pool tables (I dont play so I couldnt think of a descriptive word for that one), delicious martinis, always clean and never crowded bathrooms, and SO much more!Of note, I have seen dogs in 12 Bar when it is not crowded, but the patio always has room for your 4 legged friend.  Also, ladies, two easily accessible exits for that date you're just not so sure about!However the BEST reason to visit 12 Bar, almost every time Ive stopped in, there has been at least one 610 Stomper present.  I dont think there is anything more I can add to this review than that!
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,3/25/2012,894,496,6,16,12>Coz is my hideaway in the Quarter. When I want to get away from the crowds of the Quarter I come here. One of the most fun bars you will find. Jeanne is a blast as well as most of the other employees. Lots of regulars here and there usually seems to be something fun going on. Love the quirky chandeliers and the ambiance. The food is pretty good but sadly no more Si Senor!Coz does SIN Tuesdays and Thursdays for all you service industry workers in the Quarter/downtown areas. They are also dog-friendly!!TOTALLY RECOMMEND THIS FUN, LAID-BACK BAR ON THE QUIET SIDE OF THE FRENCH QUARTER.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2012,3/24/2012,1836,86,3,14,10>It's funny how listening to a certain tune on the radio or detecting the intoxicating aroma of a dish's culinary splendors seems to transport one to another place.  It is widely known in the scientific world that scents are most closely related to memories because they are the only sense that directly connects to the part of the brain that stores emotional memories.  I believe that sounds can also evoke similar and often powerful effects on an individual's memory.  Strangely, a scent is not what brought me around to reviewing Carousel Bar again but a song, by Herbie Hancock, from his album of the same name, "Speak Like A Child".      While I listened to Herbie's fingers perform a dance upon the piano keys in an unrestrained, gleeful fashion, I was put in memory of my fondest visits to Carousel Bar.  Often, my ex and I would traverse the Quarter in search of new shops and ethnic cuisines.  Fate would somehow always intervene, steering us toward Hotel Monteleone for a more intimate ending to our evening within its alluring bar.  The carousel's seats were typically occupied but that was of no concern - we were there to enjoy each other's company, serenaded by the blissful chords of the in-house grand piano and embraced by a plush booth in a darkened corner, illuminated by only the soft glow of candlelight.  It was always the obvious choice to shroud ourselves from the reoccurring dread of the outside world.  For me, once inside, time seemed to stand still.      This past weekend, a female colleague and I decided to visit the Carousel Bar, our first stop before venturing on through Bourbon Street.  I have to admit, as I was passing by outside on the street, I was shocked at what I had seen.  The Carousel Bar's interior had changed so vastly!  Once inside, I began to wander throughout the bar, my fond memories of the interior violently colliding with this new reality.  I spoke to a young waitress who explained to me that in July, the Carousel Bar underwent an intensive remodel.  Apparently, it also goes to show you how often I get around in this city lately.      The carousel itself appears untouched.  The rest of the bar has been completely altered.  The wall on the left side was knocked down and another bar was placed at an adjacent angle.  The low, dark ceiling with the fiber-optic shooting stars was also removed and in its place, crown molding and bright lights.  The wall to the right was also removed and glass windows were installed, which allows bar patrons to look out onto Royal Street at passersby.  Gone are the plush, comfortable booths, as well as the grand piano in the center of the room.  Instead, couches, tables and chairs are situated throughout, as well as a stage placed at the end of the main room.  It should also be noted that there are televisions mounted everywhere.      Carousel Bar still features immaculate drinks and service but I feel that the intimate element has been lost.  The introduction of televisions turns this majestic relic of the past into a typical modern hotel bar or worse yet, a very upscale sports bar.  Further, the presence of floor-to-ceiling windows provides no sense of warmth or seclusion, as you're constantly the main subject of attention on the streets by passing cars and tourists.      What I was left with at the end of the evening was a strong yearning for what once was.  Obviously, my ex and I are no longer together yet I continue to hold my enchanting experiences shared in the 'old' Carousel Bar very close to me.        Herbie Hancock wrote "Speak Like A Child" in 1968 in an effort to project a child-like philosophy, one that didn't encapsulate the trying times of riots and problematic economy but one that envisioned a more upbeat, brighter picture.  Herbie wanted to capture the lost qualities we have as a child, those being purity and spontaneity.  "Speak Like A Child" translates as "think and feel in terms of hope, and the possibilities of making our future less impure".  Carousel Bar's recent remodeling changes feel exactly that: impure.  Hancock's song touches me in a variety of ways because it leaves me with precious memories of what Carousel Bar 'used' to be and what it had done 'for' me.  Why do we harbor such a fierce tendency to tear up what is already stable, magical, endearing and fulfilling?  For 2012 and as a general lifelong lesson, I hope we can all learn to "speak like a child".
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,3/23/2012,284,730,6,8,8>This is a repeat, since my review is under a now-closed location...I headed to the Magazine location to see what I could see, see, see. And what did I see? Trinkets, tees, tchotchkes  - all NOLA-related and original in style. I'm so delighted with my new fleur-de-lis cap that some may even mistake me for a Saints fan! Hey! Create a #whoDON'T shirt, and I'll be 1st in line.Everything is reasonably priced and the store packs a big retail punch in its small space. The staff? Friendly and extremely accommodating. The only thing making this less than 5 stars is the lack of gift wrapping options. It stopped me from spending more $$ in the store for impulse gifts.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,3/22/2012,100,207,,4,4>Small plates = me likey! I hate ordering a $30 entree only to spy on the table next to me and see something else I wanted order (or having it prepared wrong and be stuck with paying for a wasted meal). But thankfully, the trend to small plates/tapas continues...My friend and I dined here recently and I really liked it. It was my first time and the interior is very sleek. We settled at the bar (I think the most romantic option when the place is empty, personally) and ordered away: charcuterie plate, grilled lamb lollipops, lobster mac n cheese, cheese empanadas. The charcuterie plate contained a delicious assortment of sliced meats, sausages and pickled vegetables. Meat and pickled things...I was in heaven already. I did think the lobster mac and cheese was a little bit overdone/dry but it was still tasty. the cheese empanadas were flavorful and really good. But my personal favorite was the grilled lamb lollipops...delish. Spicy, charred meat on a stick...what more can you ask for!Since this was dinner and a movie night, wine was involved but the wine list is not on the website (hint hint! please add so us winos in this age of instant information can be prepared) so  brought a bottle of one my favorites. The corkage fee is only $15 a bargain. With so many food options in this town, I really hope to be back soon!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,3/21/2012,201,188,3,4,3>Two words: HAPPY HOUR!  Domenica has an amazing happy hour offering half off of pizza, beer, wines, and cocktails.  The half off pizzas are such amazing steals!  All the pizzas are originally 13 bucks and getting them at $6.50 makes them taste that much more delicious!  I've been to Domenica about 2 years ago for a dinner, and I must say that I did not have a good experience there.  The food to my sisters and I was just okay.  But we didn't order any of the pizzas my first time there, and that was a big mistake.  You see, Domenica's specialty is their pizzas and for a good reason:  They're damn good!  MMMMhmmmm.My friends and I came for happy hour last Thursday and decided to share four pizzas: the Prosciutto, Spicy Lamb Meatballs, Gorgonzola, and Wild Mushroom.  I loved all except for the Prosciutto; the greens gave it too strong and bitter of a taste that I couldn't embrace at all.  The meatballs on the meatball pizza were SOOO good!  There was a perfect balance of spice and flavor.  It was definitely not too spicy at all so if you usually don't eat spicy foods, you should be fine eating this.  I loveddd the Gorgonzola.  Just to let you know, this is a sweet (but not overly sweet) and savory pizza so if you're not a big fan of sweet foods, this is not for you.  Toppings on this pizza included pecans, apples, and a sweet sauce (or was it an oil) that really topped off the pizza.  The Wild Mushroom was also outstanding and perfect for those mushroom lovers (like me)!  The best part of it had to be the egg in the middle.  Perfect and unique touch to a fantastic pizza.  The crust on the pizzas isn't thick, which is good if you want to eat a lot! HAHA!  We also ordered the risotto, and I thought it was just okay.  I probably wouldn't order it again.  For dessert, we got the banana zuppa inglese, which is a banana cake topped with a mousse and peanut brittle.  This dessert was just DIVINE!  My best friend absolutely loved it and is still craving more.  It's moist and filling and a great way to end a meal.  We also ordered the Gelato Affogato, which is vanilla gelato topped with a shot of espresso.  Perfect for coffee lovers, but I didn't each much since I was literally devouring the banana cake.The service was good, as I would expect at any Besh restaurant.  The waiter was attentive and we got our food in a reasonable amount of time.  Would I come here for dinner?  I might have to try this place out one more time to see if I would enjoy the entrees, but I will DEFINITELY come back for happy hour for these heavenly pizzas!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,5/13/2013,95,242,4,8,3>Ok, I have friends that have raved about pole dancing fitness classes in the past. I was always interested, but didn't want to pay tons. Thanks again to living social, who provides some of the most unusual and interesting deals! My friend and I decided to sign up. The place is really easy to miss actually. The door is located to the right of the liquor store entrance (you have to go upstairs) and the left of the odd brick building on the right side of Ford St if you're going towards Cleary Ave. There are several classes offered at working-people-friendly hours. They did a good job of spitting up the class between novice and more experienced. I learned that I have no upper body strength and that it's actually really hard. They could do a bit more with the decor perhaps, cleaning the floor, and one of the poles was a bit janky. Overall, however, the experience was a total blast. We got some exercise, plenty of bruises, and laughed a lot. I'm excited for the next few classes. Although I'm sure I'll never be all that good, I'll have a fun time trying to be.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,5/12/2013,79,329,,8,5>I dunno, I like the place.They've put on a full set of acrylics and then two fills since. Each time has been a decent experience. The gals are skilled with the dremmel, never gauging into my cuticles, or the like. They've kept the acrylics thin enough tht they don't look crazy fake and thick enough they haven't popped off between fills. I've gotten in and out in an appropriate amount of time, even without making an appointment. Always plenty of parking right out front. The price is right, too.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/11/2013,15,123,3,8,4>The oldest beignet places are Morning Call (used to be downtown but moved to Metairie) and Cafe du Monde.  Morning Call is in Metairie, has less tourists, and has better coffee.  The atmosphere here is great, lots of regulars drinking their coffee enjoying their day.  I've been here at all hours of the day, and never had to wait long for service even at the crowded times.  The beignets here are a bit more cakey than CdM, and they let you put your own sugar on.  The parking lots a bit tricky, but that's a strip mall in Metairie for you.  It's cash only too, but that's not a big deal.  I like places that don't feel complicated, and this place fits the bill.  Nice staff, nice decor, great place.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,5/10/2013,36,180,,9,7>Can't believe I haven't written a review on Borgne yet!This is the brain child of John Besh.  The way I see it, this restaurant represents Besh the best which is a die-hard Louisianian.  He named it after Lake Borgne where he grew up fishing.  The atmosphere is sophisticated yet relaxed.  They covered the girders with oyster shells and crab trap wire... genius!  Make sure you order a cocktail.  My last visit I was getting over a "cold" and ordered the honeysuckle hotie totie.  It's made with honeysuckle vodka and chamomile tea served with one of the sticks with rock sugar on the end.  It certainly made me feel better.  We started with the beet salad.  Much different then his beet salad at Luke's but just as tasty but more simple.  Not as fussy as French food can be.  Next we had the special of the day.  Always check the specials here bc usually that's what I go with.  How can you beat a Besh dish for around $10.00?!  The special was poached eggs served over a patatas bravas with chorizo.  This dish has an excellent balance between the runny egg, crunchiness of the patatas with the delicate spiciness of the chorizo.  The serving was so large I took half of mine home for dinner!  I've been here numerous times.  I've never ordered anything I didn't like.  Always walk out with a smile on my face.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,5/9/2013,58,253,5,8,5>OK, I've ALWAYS referred to this place as Gene's Daiquiris and had a hell of a time figuring out what to check in to on Yelp. But let it be known that this is THE one and only place worth getting daiquiris in New Orleans. If you're bumming around the Marigny or Frenchmen, make the walk up Elysian Fields to St Claude, it's worth it.The highlights:--Amazing daiquiri names that I can't write here because of their suggestiveness--C H E A P--Someone who works here is really down with awesome pro/safe-sex messaging given the sign near the door--You can actually taste the booze in their daiquiris and they're actually very tasty, which I can't say for any other daiquiri spot in New OrleansMy favorites are the strawberry shortcake, banana split, and the Chocolate City (no longer on the menu, just ask for a White Russian with chocolate syrup)
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,5/8/2013,93,281,5,11,7>My recent visit requires another update to my review of this incredible Crescent City restaurant. We started out with drinks and an appetizer of their scrumptious Meat Pies. My fiancée selected the Red Fish with Jumbo Lump Crab Meat that was just so enjoyable. And my selection was the Spicy Shrimp Fettuccini. Flavor, taste, and portions are second to none here or in heaven. The food served by Chef Tony is so delectable that I felt I needed to locate and ask the new Pope to forgive my sins. The dinners served here are so good they have to be sinful.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,5/7/2013,222,108,5,8,5>Went there for the first time today for lunch.Holy crap this place is good.I got the alligator sausage with crawfish etouffee and bacon.  Good God.  I also got Anna's White Trash Fries .  Lemme just say I had an apple for dinner.The beer selection was great as well.  Mostly local on tap.  GREAT bottle selection as well.  Saw Brewdog IPA which surprised me.  Overall I love this place.  I will go back.  The owner came and chilled with us for a bit too.  Very cool.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,5/6/2013,142,98,6,9,6>Lovely little independent bookshop in Midcity.  The shop itself is small but crammed with an extremely well-curated selection of books.  You'll find New York Times bestsellers nestled in between publications from indie presses and interesting used books.  The store is organized more or less by subject, and everything from children's books to cookbooks are represented here.  There's even a sizable selection of locally-published titles.  The staff is helpful but not pushy, and will gladly order anything you're looking for that they don't have in stock.  There are also awesome greeting cards and postcards that are handmade by one of the employees!  And if you sign up for their mailing list you'll be the first to find out about the events they have - book release parties, author readings, and even the occasional lo-fi acoustic show.       In short, this place rules.  I can never walk in there without finding at least five or six things that I desperately need.  Which is awful for my wallet, stressful for my already-full bookshelf, and great for the shop.  Luckily they also accept used books for either cash or store credit.    ps. educators get a 10% discount every day!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,5/5/2013,37,139,1,6,4>I don't normally give 5 stars but I have no complaints about this place. My bf took me here to try the pasta salad. I'm soooo glad he did. We each ordered an Abita Amber (served in cold glasses). I wanted something simple because sometimes, simple is the best. Grilled cheese sandwich....served with lettuce and tomatoes. Very good. But the star was the pasta salad. I could have eaten JUST THAT! Oh, and for an appetizer, feta cheese and spinach triangle...something like that. Sooooo good! The staff was very friendly. Welcoming us there and sending us off with "have a good night". The location is on the outside of the FQ so it's quiet and not crowded. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,5/4/2013,254,539,4,7,4>THIS is the type of place I've been waiting for.  The best breakfast in NOLA.  In a city drowning in "cajun/creole" influence, Russell's stands out. Located next to the beautiful marina, in an easy to find location. They have their share of Cajun/Creole items on the menu but the menu is unique.  This is one of the few places that have Belgium waffles -TRUE Belgium waffles.  They have eggs beni several ways. Over crab cakes, fried catfish, or fried green tomatoes and bacon. If you come after 10:30am, the lunch menu is also available. Several salads, burgers, and wraps.      I went with the fried green tomatoes and bacon eggs beni. I requested poached medium and it was the most perfectly poached egg I have ever had!  That in itself is a feat at any restaurant. The bacon smoky and crisp.  The fried green tomato also amazingly crisp. The hollindaise light and creamy, not at all oily. I loved everything about this dish. The side of hashbrowns I could have done without. They were seasoned well but overcooked.  I saw some crispy (fried) homefries pass by me and was so dissapointed I didnt get those. Apparently you have to ask for "crispy hashbrowns", because I didnt see it on the menu.  The soup of the day was tomato basil. That too was delicous. I could have eaten a big bowl of that and half a sandwich and been in heaven. I tasted an omlete topped with their homemade chili. The chili is great. The side of grits... horrible. Just plain grits, no milk, cream, butter, or seasoning at all. If the sides were better it would be a solid 5 stars. Plates run $10-$13 which isnt cheap but I've paid that much at several other breakfast places and had horrible food.  My plate was worth every penny.  Service was very fast.  With crowds of people waiting outside, we were told 20min wait. It was indeed 20 mins. We were seated, greated, and stuffed full in 30mins! With a house full of people, thats impressive.  I love that everything is made in house. No frozen products here.  So fresh and delicious. I will be back.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,1/18/2013,161,103,,11,6>How does this place not have a review yet?? I randomly found this place a few days after hurricane Isaac, desperately trying to find WiFi, iced coffee and a place that isn't overly crowded due to the hurricane. Then i found this lovely place hidden on maple street. Boy am i a fan of this place now! I didn't expect this place to have such a variety of choices for breakfast and lunch. Under the breakfast menu they basically had bacon, egg and cheese sandwich, pancakes, and many other different breakfast sandwiches.For lunch menu they have all different types of sandwiches such as BLT, warm portabella, grilled cheese, etc. They also serve different types of salads and a lot of house special juices!Oh and of course they serve coffee there too. Overall place is decent sized, with a lot of outlets for laptops on the side bar area facing the window, which is nice. My new place to go to now to do work, eat, and drink coffee :)
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,1/17/2013,224,517,3,10,5>Another great meal tonight from Lola's. The divine paella is still the best. The mark of a great restaurant is consistency and Lola's is consistently great all the time. The new feature besides my usual seafood paella was the wonderful spice garlic brussels sprouts. I have never eaten brussels sprouts before but these were intense. If you are a garlic fan like me Lola's is the place for a world class dinner experience without the world class price.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,1/16/2013,42,78,8,12,13>I still wear slip on Vans because even though Im fast approaching middle age; shoe tying is one of those things I never quite mastered...I biked up to Revolution wearing a wife beater, locked my bike to a pole and as I crossed the street heading into the restaurant I finally slipped on and buttoned my shirt, hoping the maitre de didnt catch that move through the window...what Im trying to say is I am not a man of class...but that has nothing to do with my desire to eat good food. I don't like white table cloths (can't keep them white) and waiters that call me sir, so I figured when I went to Revolution, I'd do it like I do everything, from a bar stool, so this review is just from a food point of view. And Revolution was really good.Since it was my first trip and I was very curious, I made it simple: Gumbo, Shrimp and Grits, and the 'Coffee and Beignet's' dessert...thats a lot of cliche local food to slop up, and a fair way to judge. The cocktails looked awesome, I liked the setup and originality, but none looked like they would match what I was eating, so I skipped them.The gumbo was something like 'gumbo to kill for' or 'gumbo to die for'; I can't remember the name, but there was a hint of a threat of death in the name. Turns out it was a quail who was stuffed with oysters and sausage (not a bad way to go). The gumbo broth they pored around it was awesome. Dark. Delicious. If I was in a date, I would have had no idea if I was to rip the quail apart or perform surgery with a spoon and knife. I had no one looking at me, so my solution was worse. As a low IQ eater, I may have needed instructions, but it was a great gumbo (there is no such thing a 'best' gumbo, that's a myth)Shrimp and grits. The standard to compare for me. The shrimp was really good. Giant, cooked perfect (not always done with such large fellows) and again, the way the shells were flavored, I went mannerless again. Not enough grits, but Id say that even if the gave me a dumptruck full. Really good. Small for a main, which is good for me cause I needed to gorge on dessert. And it was a lunch course.Cafe and beignets was all kinds of cool. I never met a pot de creme that i didnt love, the fruit syrup and fig jam and hot mini beignets were fun and delicious. They are not only open for lunch now, but 2:30-5 you can order $10-$15 sandwiches and pastas and pates and such from the bar...but i'll probably be a regular during those hours so i can work through the dessert list without emptying my wallet out on dinner. I didn't have the Revolution experience, but I spent $64 including tip on a memorable lunch. Easily worth it...
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,1/15/2013,98,1428,12,17,11>Kajun's is a fun and interesting place. After a recent elite event, several of us headed here for the after party. While it isn't in an area I normally frequent, I had a great time and hope to come back.Kajun's has an extensive karaoke song selection. While I was there, I unfortunately didn't drink enough to wow the crowd with my rendition of Lil Wayne's "Go DJ'. Lucky for me, I did get to hear many different types of songs, sung in many different ways, some that I didn't even know were possible. Like most karaoke themed bars, some of the singers were downright awful, but others bordered on professional singers. Regardless of who was singing, it was always fun.Despite the moderate crowd when we went, service was friendly and prompt. I can definitely see myself returning the next time I am in the area.That would have been the end of my review and it would have been just a three star A-OK. But then in preparation for my review, I looked on their website. Apparently Kajun's has an internet connected jukebox where you can pay for, and play songs from your phone. Holy hell Kajun's! That is awesome. You just made my day with that bit of knowledge. Then I noticed they also use an app where I can view and pay my tab via my phone. Amazing. They definitely deserve an extra star for utilizing technology in such a cool way.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,1/14/2013,201,188,,9,2>After months of waiting, I've finally had the pleasure of dining at Taste of Tokyo!  I had pretty high expectations from what everyone has said so far, and am happy to say these expectations were met.  My sister and I came around eight o' clock on a Friday evening and the place was crowded; luckily we only waited for about five minutes for a table.  Based on recommendations from friends and Yelpers, we decided to get the Pepper Tuna Sashimi, Calamari Crunchy Roll, Birthday Cake Roll, and the ever so popular Upside Down Roll.  I was practically bouncing in my seat when the rolls came out.  Our faves were definitely the Birthday Cake Roll and the Upside Down Roll.  These rolls were fantastic and unique, which is what I look for when trying new sushi joints.  They definitely get an "A" from me.  The Calamari Roll was good, but not exceptional as I thought it was going to be.  The Pepper Tuna was also good and fresh, though I wish they served Beef Tataki.  For dessert, we got the Brownie Tempura, since we have yet to try a place that actually serves this!  This too was also completely satisfying and an excellent way to end a delightful meal.  The brownie was savory, but not to the point to where it was overwhelming.  I was definitely happy about that since I'm not the biggest chocolate lover.The service was nothing short of exemplary.  The servers checked on us consistently to make sure we were okay and constantly re-filled our drinks.  I'm happy to say I left Taste of Tokyo a happy camper and look forward to returning.  Taste of Tokyo is a true gem and one of the best Japanese restaurants in the city, if not THE best.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,1/13/2013,121,53,2,5,4>Great coffee shop, first of all.  Great neighborhood.. good vibes in there.. and they're dog friendly (at least on the patio) which is a plus for me.Drip coffee is pretty good.My favorite thing there is their hot tea -- they have a huge selection of loose leaf tea.. and you might as well get the tea pot if you're going to be there for any longer than 30 minutes. and it's only a couple of bucks! Try their cookies.. amazing. My fav of course being their peanut butter. and I keep eyeing their other pastries.. one of these days I'll get around to trying them.  They've also got vegan food if you're into that..cash only. atm in the back. clean bathrooms. overall dope place to study!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,1/12/2013,196,337,5,11,7>This is such a pleasant place to have lunch. I absolutely enjoyed it. First off I got to meet a fabulous waiter named Aladdin who calls a glass a water "A glass of Mississippi water with a touch of sunshine" (or something along that line) which made me smile and got our visit off to a great start! I tried a oyster appetizer which consisted of fried oysters with a sauce which was beyond amazing! I also had some macaroni and cheese that pretty much wanted me to sing  "A Whole New World". I'm not sure why this song but that is what their macs and cheese did to me. Truly great food and service. Definitely check them out. Great location for a lunch date.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,1/10/2013,1836,86,17,18,16>After many grueling weeks at sea, land was spotted off the starboard bow.  Anchor was dropped and immediately following, Squire Trelawney set about planning an exploratory party of what appeared to be New Orleans, according to the map, which I secretly held steadfast in my breast pocket.  By Captain Smollett's orders however, the crew and I were instead granted a day's rest and extra rations of grog, for which we were all most grateful.  We were free to be masters of our own enjoyment.  Mr. Merry and Mr. Silver, for whom I feared possessed deadly ulterior motives, were ordered to organize boats and provisions to visit this new land which now lie before us.  As we filed into the boat set for shore, I pleaded with Dr. Livesey to accompany us on our travels, if for nothing more than to maintain a keen watch over myself and Silver's crew, but his frightened heart proved too heavy for him to carry and nervously declined.  As our small boat rocked to and fro amongst the waves toward our destination, I caught glimpses of my petrified reflection in the sabres of these bloodthirsty seafarers.  I was now at the mercy of Silver's mates in an unknown city.     Pulling our boat ashore and concealing it amongst the nearby brush, we made our way through the lively, though somewhat indecent city streets.  It was certainly unlike the seaside village of Black Hill Cove, where I spent much of my youth.  A heavy rain had soaked the craggy roads; their uneven layout playing host to vast puddles, which eerily mirrored distorted images of women protruding from open windows in various manners of undress, calling out for jewelry comprised of seemingly synthetic materials.  It was most baffling, indeed!  Men who had sipped too considerably of the grog stumbled alongside the building walls in search of a lamp post, for which their upright stature might provide them much needed stability.  One such fellow lost his footing before a great horse and carriage.  I intended to offer my aid but I was quickly reined in by Silver.  It was at that moment that Silver explained to me that one of his mates, Pew, foolishly dashed before coming horses, only to be trampled and spurned as the horses passed by.  All that was heard was a cry that rang high into the night.  Before I could gather my composure after casting my ears upon such a grim tale, Merry, Silver and the rest of the crew thrust me into a local tavern dubbed Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop.  Fittingly, the establishment belonged to the pirate, Jean Lafitte, though as with many things involving pirates, no documentation existed to support the claim.      Stepping inside whilst attempting to conceal my intimidated demeanor behind the crew, I quickly surveyed the interior.  The previous morning's downpour brought a bone chilling wind forth, which inspired a large, open fire at the center of the tavern to provide warmth.  I admired the stylized architecture of exposed ceiling beams and old, broken brick.  A piano in the backroom was erupting with the chorus of a seaman's singing, which I overheard went by the name of Billy Bones.  Each table within the tavern was illuminated by candle, which cast shadowy silhouettes on the walls of all who chose to spend their hours there.  It proved to be a most intimate of atmospheres. While I found it to be a very interesting cove, Silver proclaimed it not as rousing as his own tavern, The Spyglass.        As I tasted of the tavern's enjoyable drink selection, my mind began to wander.  Amongst the dim lighting, spirited music and warmth of the nearby fire, I was put in memory of the Admiral Benbow Inn, home in my heart and my mother waiting.  Though the fire warm, the hearts of the patrons were not.  Black Dog, one of Silver's men in our crew, broke free to confront Billy Bones on the whereabouts of Captain Flint's map.  If ever one was to receive a Black Spot, this was the place!  Bones fled while Black Dog gave chase.  Little did Silver know that within my breast pocket, I held Flint's map concealed inside an oilskin packet.  A mutiny was set forth due to Silver's inability to supply the map and I seized the opportunity to escape!  Silver and his men attempted to blast their pistols upon me but their powder had gotten wet and thus, would not fire.  Just outside, Benn Gunn, an ex-crewman of Flint's and dressed in traditional local garb, led me to his coracle, which I used to get back aboard our ship, the Hispaniola.      Though I was not able to locate Flint's treasure, I did manage to change my stars and taste the thrill of adventure.  Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop is extremely exhilarating and filled with the flashiest of characters.  The low lighting provides warmth and seclusion while the nearby piano serenades you into the most sublime of dreams, where the dream dreams you rather than the other way 'round.  If it's adventure yer seekin', look no further than Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop but beware the Black Spot!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,1/9/2013,40,145,3,6,3>What can I say? I love you Three Muses.The first time I came to this bar was a little over a year ago, I came to celebrate passing my qualifying exams, and because I was in such a good mood, I ended up ordering half the menu, only half cause I would have seriously damaged my wallet - hey, I'm only a grad student!Since then, I have come to Three Muses on several occasions, mainly for the food and REALLY for the desserts, I've had every single dessert offered here. I have not been disappointed with any of the dishes that I have had here! My favourite? Banana Marscapone Struedel by far!  The Peach and Blueberry Cobbler coming in second... Okay for some real foodz other than desserts, Kurobuta Pork Belly, Steak & Cake, Ms Moon's Boolgogi Rice Bowl, Lobster Spring Rolls, and Lamb Sliders.  Yes I may have named half their menu, but that's just how good they are!  Oh and don't forget to check out their daily specials! I love the food, I love the fancy sounding drinks (the sips I've had, since I can only have so much alcohol), and I love the live music. Did I also mention that it's incredibly romantic?Three Muses is definitely my favourite spot on Frenchmen and I frequently just want to come here.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,1/8/2013,115,336,2,6,3>I want to emphasize this - for being a "fancy" restaurant - one considered to be the best in New Orleans, the place was shockingly un-stuffy. Though most people in the place were blue-hairs, it was still a festive environment. Everyone who waited on us was relaxed, genuine, and actually fun. Nothing overly phony and obnoxious but not standofish either.The food... (Jazz brunch)Shrimp Roumelade, Eggs Cochon de lait, and the Bread Pudding with various cocktails throughout the meal. Everything was very good but the eggs didn't blow my skirt up. I feel like I built the place up too much in my mind. Like when someone says Oh my god I heard the funniest thing ever! then they tell you and it's not that funny because your expectations are so high.What really impressed me most about the Commander's was 1) service 2) cocktailsThey have a fabulous cocktail menu and I highly recommend you try several different ones during your visit.I definitely want to go back and try other dishes and just soak in the environment and drink. It's a good place to have a slow meal and get a buzz on.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,1/5/2012,42,78,16,14,12>Ideally, New Orleans Yelp exists so visitors can find places like this. If I could grab random tourists (and lazy-butted local friends with cars for that matter) by their lapels and kidnap and drag them out to Chalmette to eat here, I would. Id never be prosecuted, my kidnapping victims would thank me...and even if they were still peeved, they'd be so stuffed that lifting the pen to file the police report would be too dificult. The perfect crime...and community service.Rent a car. $25 at Enterprise, hidden spots abound on the outskirts of the city, and doing what you gotta to get to the places like R&Cs is worth it for all kinds of reasons, main reason, of course is to fill your gut beyond any normal boundaries. And juggle your calendar accordingly as to maximize eatingness pleasure, the journey is best made on Wednesdays or Fridays. Wednesday is brucciloni day. I don't want to digress into the theories and various spellings of brucciloni, that is best covered by Sara Roahens book Gumbo Tales (pretty much the must read book to grasp what and why to eat while here). Friday is crabcake day! Hooray! Rocky and Carlos crabcakes...darn, no adjectives, I wish it was Friday afternoon right now. Oh, jebus, they good.Ordering is a bit confusing, everybody will know whats going on but you...I will share my little trick though- Just keep ordering, just say stuff, dont stop. You should over order, you are going to want them mac and cheese leftovers later. So knowing the portions are huge, and you will not be able to finish your food regardless, don't let that affect you, still order twice what you need.Some sides that I never resist are the eggplant sticksand onion rings (only if you have an army with you, there is no small size for that, just a large...and large is really an understatement on that one.) But, most importantly, Rocky and Carlos has (by a smidge) the best Wop Salad in the area, and considering outside of New Orleans the word isn't really gracing menus too often, possibly makes it the best Wop salad in the world. Its just olive-licious, think a muffaletta for vegetarians, very classic NOLA Italian Creole cuisine.And of course the Mac and Cheese. One of the best traditional Macs in New Orleans (3 muses, Cochon, and the Country Club roll modern style so different). Perfect noodles and it gives you a chance to toss around local nomenclature like red gravy. Red Gravy is New Orleanian for tomato sauce. Its fun to say, and traditionally served on the mac and cheese here, but I get it on the side so I can enjoy all worlds.This is ridiculous, I'm getting a ride there tomorrow, I don't even know if I will make it until then, writing this has my mind stuck on those eggplant sticks.  Rocky and Carlos rules. Go. Ill try and make a list of places that make renting a car while visiting NOLA worthwhile and this is right on top.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,1/4/2012,120,120,2,10,10>Good burgers in a casual atmosphere with a unique twist- Juicy Lucys are stuffed burgers. Instead of toppings, they put everything on the inside. Since it was my first visit, I went with the original, stuffed with American cheese. The burger was good- great sear on the outside, dressed with nice fresh baby lettuces and tomato. The burger was cooked very thoroughly- personally I prefer medium- but it was still very juicy. The cheese gets a bit lost- since I like a higher (or more noticeable) ratio of cheese to burger, next time I might try the traditional burger. The Juicy Lucy specialty burgers come with a choice of side- fries, chips, or onion rings. The onion rings were thin, lightly battered, perfect crisp, and really delicious. Order these! I thought this was a pretty good value- a huge burger with spectacular onion rings on the side for under $10.Juicy Lucy's has a really casual, comfortable atmosphere with a full bar in the back. They have some bar snack type items such as "cheese on a slab" (cheese plates) and versions of satay ("stixs"). Juicy Lucy's doesn't serve milkshakes so if your perfect burger meal includes a shake, head to Bud's or Tru. Instead, they have a nice but small selection of local beers to accompany your burger. Vegetarians take note- Juicy Lucy's serves a veggie burger. If you love burgers but not red meat, they also have a turkey burger on the menu. If you're in Mid City and craving a burger, check out Juicy Lucy's.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,1/2/2012,162,269,4,19,9>I am unabashed about asking for information. If I want something, I will put on a smile and go looking. In a restaurant, I will ask about where they source x, y, or z ingredient. I will ask about preparation. I will ask what something means. I will ask about wine, beer, or cocktails. I will leave no stone unturned. Ancora was ready for me, in that respect. We asked our server to define roughly half the menu; and he did so with panache. I asked about the nuances of some of the different cheese; he had a simple explanation ready for me. I wanted wine, but I didn't recognize any of the varietals on the menu so I asked the bartender (who wasn't slammed so I didn't feel a bit guilty). I asked and asked and asked, until I was happy with the answer. And Ancora's staff kept answering me. That pleases me. So why the emphasis on questions? Because Ancora has a learning curve. With a menu that relies heavily on Italian, it can get confusing. But see, Italian is a language with a number of very specialized food words so each nuance of cheese or meat has a name. This leaves us with a delicious precision in food preparation. I am happy with the precision because it means the flavors are carefully cultivated. We had two pizzas (the daily special and the Bianca), both delicious. Between three people, two pies and an app were enough to satisfy. Now, the trick with the pizzas we ordered was compromise. One member of our party doesn't like olives or capers, both fixtures on the Bianca pizza. She agreed to try it because she was out-voted...then she loved the pizza. I think that reflects strongly on the quality of the ingredients going into each pie. Another of our number doesn't love arugula on pizza, but she didn't mind picking it off if it was too much. There wasn't a leaf left on her plate, either. I was super impressed. There is no doubt that I would return to Ancora. I'd love to see the decor change a little bit and move away from using grey as the neutral. (Art historian moment: I feel like they need a warm neutral like taupe or soft yellow to really capture the creamy, soft, crisp vibe. Grey was too cold, too industrial, too "Chipotle-esque" for my eye.) And a note on the service: They seem to have ironed out the issues other, earlier reviews noted. I can see where the service would get thin, but everyone was where they should be doing what they should be doing tonight. It was like watching a beautiful bicycle being put through its paces. I really enjoyed the cohesive nature of the service, with management blending into table service blending into the bar blending into the kitchen blending into the pizza makers. It really worked. I want to give Ancora a 5 star review, but I also want to leave room for the place to grow. My fervent hope is that I will bump this place up to a 5 star joint with my next visit.Accessibility notes: Door opens out. Fully accessible for mobility devices. Can get loud. No braille menu or signage.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,1/1/2012,230,290,3,10,5>I really do enjoy this spot for drinks and food. Be careful though, some of the cocktails are strong and will sneak up on you.Definitely should advise against taking large parties here. A 4-top would be the limit, IMO.In case of vegetarians, the last time I was there I didn't see too many options but the Chef was MORE than happy to accommodate our vegetarian friends by either leaving out the meat or coming up with something entirely new on the fly. That's pretty awesome in my book!Also, during the summer this spot can get kind of warm so be prepared!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,12/31/2011,225,347,5,6,5>Fabulous service! I stopped in for the 1st and enjoyed their bottomless wine for only $10 (every Friday 5:30-7:30, limited time; it has ended). Also, they have 1/2 off all bottles every Monday and $5 any wine on Wednesday. But... Call to confirm so you won't be disappointed when they stop one of the deals without notice (eventhough their website still displays the deal).The Spanish Malbec was well balanced & fruit forward. Since I sat on the patio, I appreciated that they'd slightly chilled the wine.I started with the Atún del coriandro, which is coriander seared rare ahi tuna with avocado-tomato relish & chili cilantro vinaigrette. $4/$10. It was exceptional. Next, I had the Gambas pil pil, jumbo gulf shrimp in smoked paprika garlic oil. $3/$11. The shrimp were cooked and seasoned so well; definitely my favorite! After that, I ate the Moorish pork, which consisted of cured & grilled tenderloin over flash fried spinach w/horseradish sour-cream. $4/$9. The spinach preparation was actually quite good and went well with the savory and tender pork.  Finally, I had the Costillas del Morocco, exotic spiced pork baby-back ribs w/Steen's cilantro glaze. $9. My suggestion...pass on this item. It's too big and is neither tender nor well marinated. Everything else was so wonderful and I'll definitely go back!They have a new "Taste of the Mediterranean" going on, so I'll have to check out some of the wonderful offerings mentioned on their website.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,12/30/2011,114,467,6,8,9>This is an absolutely beautiful location. The grounds are constantly maintained and the flora variety is impressive. I even had to get the girly to take pictures of a few things we loved so she could look them up later. While we walked, I kept saying that we should do THIS or get THAT for our place...Believe it or not, neither of us really cared to see the house. It was all about the grounds. My one quibble is that they have a parrot in a cage on the grounds and they don't clean out the cage well enough for my tastes...and the cage it just too small for the poor guy. If he was a parakeet, that might be fine, but the guy is bigger than my friend's dog. He needs a better spot.We got caught in the rain while we were there and the Girly was so determined to keep taking pictures that she stole my Yelp bandana and used it for a rain screen so she could run out in the pouring rain and snap at least a few more shots. It really was that awesome.SO even though I'm a cheap bastage, I thought it was totally worth the price of admission.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,12/29/2011,25,90,4,5,5>The Delachaise is good for: winos, liquor snobs, cheese lovers, first dates, tenth dates, girls' nights, streetcar watching, dressing up, dressing down, talking to your friends, talking to strangers, talking to the bartender, dinner, desserts, and french fries.I love this place!  Just wish it was open earlier / later.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,12/28/2011,127,182,4,6,5>Super good Chinese!I'm always a bit sketch ordering Chinese from places that are constantly changing ownership, but Five Happiness seems to have been around forever and everyone I've spoken to loves it!  I totally see why!The prices are slightly steeper than other Chinese restaurants, but the atmosphere inside is nicer, the service is better, and the portions were substantial!  The food was delicious, not Oh My Goodness (juans flying burrito) I'm going to push people out of the way to return, but delicious enough that I'll only get Chinese from here now! I did like the amount of vegetable and non-fried options and the drink menu!The Moo Shu Vegetables were worth returning!!!  I'm kind of craving Five Happiness for dinner now!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,12/27/2011,83,80,2,4,3>A fabulous place for Sunday jazz brunch with build-your-own Bloody Mary (olives, green beans, celery, peppers, creole mustard, horseradish, 18 kinds of hot sauce - ie: you name it, they got it). I had the "Treme" which was a boudin cake topped with poached eggs, hollandaise and popcorn crawfish tails. Holy crap, was it good. Also got a side of grits I ended up taking home which are quite possibly the best grits I've ever had... Suggest making reservations to cut wait time. Friendly staff, good live music and sweet local art on the walls, what's not to love?
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,12/26/2011,147,473,,5,5>Johnny from Little Tokyo (on causeway) has gone out on his own and opened up Sake Sake (although, it may be affiliated with the Little Tokyo operation, from the appearance of the restaurant and the menu).Johnny is an engaging, creative, and attentive sushi chef. He is one of the very best in the metro area, as evidenced by his refusal to serve anything that isn't perfectly fresh, even if the menu lists it. Make sure to sit at the bar and let Johnny know what you like, he'll make sure you have a great meal.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/1/2013,17,111,2,6,3>Muriel's UpdateLast Saturday, we had the great pleasure of introducing a long-time friend, N.O. native, & retired local judge to Muriels'.  We enjoyed a late & leisurely lunch of turtle soup/sherry, pork chop/redbeans, stuffed mirletons, shrimp po-boy, bloody Mary's, & coldbeer; followed by cocktails & dessert taken upon the balcony.Muriel's is, in a word, GREAT !One thing which puzzles me:  Moi, local "board certified Cajun" born in Acadia Parish, is WHY Muriel's bills itself as having "Cajun" food ?  Listen; this place is wonderful, has terrific modernized N'Awlinz-type Creole dishes, and is a favorite; but "Cajun", NON !  And while I am at it:  We, who grew-up surrounded by alligators don't eat gator !  This is  tourist ruse, I guarantee.  You won't find Cajun anywhere near the French Quarter or even this great City !  All of those signs and ads are lies !BUT, if you have only ONE meal here, please make it at Muriel's !I suggest anything with crab meat, the turtle soup, meat dishes, shrimp, or waiter's suggestions.See my previous reviews' comments re "parking".Please take my above comments in context.  I like Muriel's so much that, after our last hurricane, I went there five out of seven nights while staying in a F.Q. hotel. Rick
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,2/28/2013,242,340,2,8,2>Mimi's is one of my favorite places to eat as well as dance depending on what time of day it is. If you are early, go upstairs and try some of their tapas and always order the surprise dish. I believe it's called "trust me". I'm always pleased with the result. If you get there on a good day someone will be strumming a guitar in the corner while you dine. If you go late, wear your dancing shoes and minimal clothing. The dance floor gets heated up with DJ's and hipsters and whoever. Sometimes you'll even catch a drunken celeb getting his/her grind on. The men can be a bit annoying if you want to be left alone, but luckily I know how to handle myself. 9 times out of 10 you'll find me dancing on the table at some point.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/27/2013,100,207,4,5,3>Fried soft shell crab. Eggs Benedict. Two things I absolutely love to eat. And at Stanley's, there is a dish that has both - Eggs Stella.  Good lord that dish is superb. Add a couple of double Bloody Marys and you have one fantastic New Orleans breakfast. I don't know if it this is a bad thing but I have literally ordered the Eggs Stella 4 of the 5 times I've been there. I love it that much. I've also had the Stanley Muffaletta, and it is WAY better than the 'pre-made-too much cheese-not enough meat version' that Central Grocery sells. My breakfast dates have had other dishes that I've sampled and was pretty damned tasty too: the Eggs Stanley (fried oysters! yum!), and the Corned Beef Hash (my usual breakfast trick loves this). There are many other items I need to try, but the Eggs Stella beckons to me as soon as I get within sniffing distance...Highly recommended!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,2/26/2013,87,388,,5,5>It was New Year's Eve and time to party with some friends.  They picked La Crepe Nanou based on their experience from a prior year.  It was a prix-fixe menu for the evening.  After we were seated, the waitress brought a plate of pommes frites while we decided upon which of the items we wanted from the three course  menu.Both my wife and I started off with a seared sea scallop appetizer served over a butternut squash puree.  It was delicious.  Then we each ordered the filet Mignon accented with a smoked portobello sauce.  It came with asparagus spears, scalloped potatoes and an apple onion confit.  Another hit.  For desert, I ordered the chocolate pastry with coffee ice cream, almonds, and all drizzled with a bittersweet chocolate sauce.  My wife ordered the burgundy poached pears with a white chocolate and pistachio sauce.  Of course, we shared the deserts.  I thought I had the better of the two.  As it approached midnight, the wait staff poured champagne for all.  It was a great evening in a small restaurant where the chef could show off a special menu while a Gypsy jazz band played softly near the front entrance.  Life is good.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/25/2013,122,39,3,8,4>A cold night. Perfect for dancing. I was outside for most of the evening but the music poured freely (and so did the beer from the crafty little Bar2D2!) Quintron and Miss Pussycat were a perfect edition to this festival. I've only seen them at the Spellcaster Lodge and it was a real treat to have a little elbow room! I've never been to an event like this in New Orleans. Although not an active trekkie, I feel like I was raised on USS Enterprise. No Bloody A, B, C or D. Seriously. My parents force fed me. It was lovely to meet the Krew of Chebaccus and I can't wait to see them again for Carnival!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,2/24/2013,52,98,,5,2>Sylvain is a contemporary "gastropub" (I really dislike that term) in the French Quarter, right off Jackson Square. The restaurant itself is quite small, and dominated by the long wooden bar. There are only about 10 tables in the entire restaurant, so reservations are recommended on popular nights. The restaurant has a large selection of beer (local, micro, imports, etc.), wine, and an impressive set of specialty cocktails. I've had the Sazerac and the Old Fashioned, and they were impressive examples of craft cocktail science. I've gone to Sylvain with friends who've had Mules and Sidecars and what-have-yous, and they always raved about them.The menu is small and focused, a set of charcuterie-style appetizers, a few salads, and 9-10 entrees. Here's the thing about Sylvain: I've been here three times, ordered a lot of food, and every single thing I've tried is AMAZING. The antipasti ($17) changes frequently, but on a recent visit it featured blackeyed pea hummus, house pickles (okra, beets, eggs), house spicy mustard, a selection of cured meats and cheeses, and a few crostini. Every single thing on that plate was brilliant. The shaved brussel sprouts with pecorino ($10) is a popular light dish, one of those alchemical transformations that makes something I had previously thought unappetizing (i.e. raw brussel sprouts) into something amazingly well-conceived and delicious.A lot of people go for the pappardelle bolognese ($16), for a good reason. It's the real deal. Seriously one of the best single Italian dishes I've had in New Orleans, and Sylvain isn't even remotely an Italian restaurant. Perhaps the single best entree is the crispy duck confit ($21), a beautiful duck leg braised in fat and served with a bourbon mustard sauce, mashed blackeyed peas, and some kind of sprout or microgreen garnish. Words cannot begin to describe the unctuous, flavorful, textural richness of the duck leg. Holy crap. Wow.The service is attentive and very professional, with a knowledgeable waitstaff who can describe the origin of the ingredients (many are locally-sourced and organic), and the atmosphere of the restaurant is warm, friendly, oftentimes loud and celebratory. It's like your favorite neighborhood bar, but one with a great chef laboring away out of sight. I give Sylvain my highest possible recommendation. It doesn't get any better in the French Quarter.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,2/23/2013,9,73,4,9,5>Beware gringos, this is not Americanized Mexican or TexMex. And the staff speaks Spanish much better than they do English, which I kinda like--a badge of their authenticity? But if you want authentic, delicious, and cheap Mexican food in NOLA, TG is your place. But you don't need Spanish, do you? Because I just posted their menu for you, and it has pictures on it.  I mean, did you come for the conversation or for the food? The menu even has numbers on it, so just tell'm "numero tres," or point. Then have a seat, sit down, eat, and smile. I can vouch for the awesomeness of their chiles rellenos, pupusas and tacos pastores, so far, but I plan to continue working my way through the menu. Can't beat the central, Mid-city location on Carrollton, can you? And I think that the comments here by other yelpers about the decor are a little unfair. It isn't fancy by any standard, but it is very clean and nicer than I expected after reading other reviews here. The only bummer is that they don't serve alcohol, but that means you can bring your own. Hard to bring a Margarita though, like the one you can get at "Juan's Flying Burrito" down the street, but in my opinion, the food here is much better and cheaper, so nine times out of ten, I go here and BMOB, or get take out and make the margaritas at home. Besides, the juices and horchata here are as tasty as they are refreshing, so who needs alcohol? They have really killer seafood and savory soups as well, which will improve your mood on rainy days. This review is starting to sound like an advertisement, but after not trying this place due to its outward appearance for some time, it was the food that made me a believer, and I think you'll agree. A book by its cover, right? Anyway, it's the kind of place I am likely to return to often for the flavor and for the deal, a much appreciated piece of Mexico right here in Mid-city. Vivan los guerreros!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,2/22/2013,137,178,3,3,2>This review is strictly for Squeal's products at Po Boy Fest 2012.Ummmm.. Could you please make the Habanero Ginger Pork Belly Po Boy part of your regular menu? Because I just about died from the goodness that it was!Now, I am a big fan of habanero and pork belly, so when I heard about this sandwich, I had to get in that line, no matter how long it was. The whole time I was in line, the only thing I worried about was them running out of the pork belly. But we were in luck! We finally made it to the front of the line and ordered the pork belly po boy and the pork cake po boy. The pork cake was good but it was completely outshone by the pork belly.I tweeted/Facebooked about the awesomeness of the pork belly po boy and my friends from halfway around the world wishes to have it shipped or at least get their hands on the recipe. Please find a way to let me have this sandwich again soon! :)
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,2/21/2013,48,200,3,13,6>If you want the REAL new orleans experience come to Gene's. Located in between "the hood" and the French Quarter and the up and coming Bywater area you get every walk of life in here.The Po-Boys themselves are some of the best in the city. I'd only put Parkway slightly above them.Open 24 hours I have fond memories of leaving work in the French Quarter at 2am and stopping in here for "dinner". I personally love the hot sausage with cheese.Definitely recommend coming here, although not for the faint of heart late at night as the area isn't the safest.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,2/20/2013,36,300,2,5,4>Working in Da Parish for the past 9 years and living here for the past 4, I've frequented this place at least 40 times.  Brewster's is really 2 places in 1.  On 1 side you have a family friendly area with a bunch of tables and on the other side a bar with a jukebox, dart boards and such.I gave this place a 4th star instead of 3 based on a few things.  First they by far have the best burger in the parish!  Sorry Da Parish...i'm not a native and I forget.  Oh and why is St. Bernard Parish called Da Parish? The have like 50 parishes across the state yet whenever one refers to "Da Parish" or "The Parish" people immediately know what you are talking about.  Where was I?  Oh yeah the burgers!  The burgers come in 2 sizes.  The regular size looks like something Fred Flintsone ordered at the drive-in and knocked his car over on it's side.  The baby burger is much more normal in size and equally delish, you just feel less manly when ordering.  They have other things too but I always go for the burger and baked potato.The other reason I give it a 4th star, is the bar.  The bar has a lot of different bottled beer which I like.  The people here are also always pretty nice.  In most other bars I have been to in Da Parish, there is always some  Jersey Shore looking reject looking to start a fight.  Not here.  A much more mellow older friendly crowd.  Much more my speed.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,1/26/2012,180,463,,8,4>I love that it's smoke free inside! My favorite part about hanging out here is outside in the patio. Even though it was VERY cold this past Friday night, I preferred sitting out there than inside because it wasn't as packed. They were very nice about us bringing in outside food. I was there from 7-10 pm, and I slowly saw the place fill up, but it was full-ish already when I got there at 7. I don't know when happy hour ends, but it starts when it opens. I don't know all the beer prices, but the happy hour prices for beer was $3.50, and $3.50 for well drinks. Blueberry mojitos (super yummy, and fresh blueberries too!) were $6.50. And you spend at least $10 for a credit card. which isn't too bad if you open a tab for the night.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,1/25/2012,154,99,6,5,5>This is the only bar I've been to on Frenchmen street that hates it when really drunk "woo!" people (tourist) drink here. Every time someone does a "wooooo!" or screams "New Orleansssssss!" the bar tenders physically get really tense and their body language screams, "please leave this establishment." It's really interesting to observe as a third party. It doesn't matter because their tater tachos are funking amazing and it keeps my mouth filled so I can't scream "wooooooo! Taaaaaaaaaater taaaaaaachos!" Of all the tasty, salty treats you can combine, tater tots and nachos is simple and amazing! Come on in if you're looking for a peaceful place out of the chaos that can be Frenchmen Street. Also come when you are looking for a late night snack and the taco truck has a line.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,1/24/2012,50,26,8,8,8>Hot Diggity Dog Move over Coop's.  You have met your match.Game over.  The underdog has defeated you-- by a landslide.Crescent Pie and Sausage has the best jambalaya.  I'm sure there are plenty who are in disbelief-- like when the non assuming Japanese Women's Soccer team beat the U.S. Women's Team.  It happens; fear the underdog-- always.This is why Coop's should fear this underdog:The wait is nonexistant.  No standing in line behind droves of tourists.  Even if the masses wanted to flock here, it's a little far away from Bourbon Street.  And the streetcar ride/walk would be SUPER dangerous, this place is not for the turistos (wink, wink, nudge, nudge).The service is prompt, polite and helpful.  My tea was refilled, often.  The server and the bartender came over to check on us soon after the food arrived.  CPSC also had Crystal hot sauce.  Much better than Tabasco.  The check arrived promptly.  I know all this sounds ordinary, but you'd be surprised if you only knew what I've sacrificed for a bowl of Coop's jambalaya.Speaking of the jambalaya: CPSC makes their own sausage.  The jambalaya contained andouille and another kind that was similar to a chorizo.  The jambalaya also had tender roasted pork, chicken and black-eyed peas.  The rice had a good consistancy and the dish overall was spiced well-- not too salty or spicy.  If you want spice add the Crystal.  Freaking delicious.  I also had the cucumber gazpacho, perfect for the dog days of summer.  The flavors were balanced nicely, but it could've used a little more spice.  Nothing Crystal won't fix.Just thinking about today's meal is making me drool like a Pavlovian dog.  Next time I will try one of their specialty drinks and most definitely a pizza and some more sausage and...well, I'm sure I'll be back many more times.The Germans have a saying to describe when something is just mediocre: " Das ist mir wurst." Which is  an idiom  for "Whatever."  Or literally, "That's sausage to me."   There's so much sausage in Deutchland sausage is insignificant.Now that I know CPSC exists, less than two miles from work, with superior, cheaper jambalaya; specialty drinks; better service and better atmosphere-- I say this to Coop's"Ihre Jambalaya und ihre Wurst ist Wurst mir."But please, turistos-- stay at Coop's it is worth the wait.  You'll be safe there and there's plenty of Tabasco and a gray cat roaming about.  You'll love it.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2011,1/23/2012,71,63,10,14,8>It might be sacrilegious for a native to say this, but I'm not a beignet person.  They definitely have their place, but most of the time, I want one of those soft yeasty donuts that just melt in your mouth.  There are not many foods that I actually crave, but when it comes to donuts, its like I'm in my 3rd trimester and my unborn child has a serious sweet tooth.  When we first moved to Mid-City, I immediately realized we were lacking a good donut shop.  Not just Mid-City, but New Orleans in general.  It's a shame that the handful of truly great donut shops that I have visited are outside the city limits.  Blue Dot finally managed filled that void in the spring of this year.  Three cops open a donut shop... it sounds like the opening lines to a good joke.  These donuts are no joke, though.  Yes, it was three NOPD officers that got together and opened up a refuge for the donut cravers in the heart of the city.  They opened it up in what was a huge void in the donut map.  There was Tastee in Lakeview, another one on Esplanade, Feret St. Poboy & Donuts in Uptown, but nothing in Mid-City.  Blue Dot is now easily the best of this bunch.  Their selection is pretty impressive.  Some people might expect that to mean a massive wall of donuts with 100+ different varieties, but the reality is that they always have 20-30 types of fresh, quality donuts.  What sets them apart, though, is their more unique "off the wall" donuts that you would not find anywhere else:  pineapple glazed, key-lime pie, orange glazed, red velvet and Samoa just to name a few.  Their trademark donut is the maple bacon long john.  It's a love it or hate it kind of item.  Personally, I could do without it as I'm not really a bacon person.  Some people swear by it though.It's all in the details.  At most other places, the blueberry glazed might be a normal yeast donut with blueberry flavored goop on top.  At Blue Dot the blueberry frosting is made in house and has little bits of fresh blueberries mixed in.  My favorite is the PB&J donut which consists of a strawberry filled lightly iced with peanut butter, sprinkled with little bits of peanuts and a slice of fresh strawberry on top.  Something else they offer is a donut, ice cream sandwich with different type of toppings. So, why not five stars?  1.)  They tend to sell out of that impressive selection relatively early, especially on the weekends.  If you have your heart set on a certain specialty donut, you had better be in line before 9am.  2.) It's hard to get "hot" glazed.  I ask for them every time I go in there, but I've only been able to get them maybe twice.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,1/22/2012,62,66,5,3,4>The premier hipster spot of the city! Settled just outside the FQ on Royal Street (Esplanade side), this dark-lit dive manages to draw a regular crowd. When I end up here, I know it's time to go home, but I just can't help myself. They have a fantastic jukebox and an even more interesting crowd. Generally nice people, none-the-less. Brian and Jeremy are both excellent bartenders - attentive and to the point and will make you something to your taste if you are feeling more adventurous than the usual PBR (which comes cheap!). The smoke kinda settles in the place, so I'm not a HUGE fan, but this place is pretty decent if you're looking for a dingy, party spot without the dancing hype of the Gold Mine. It's always buzzing on Quarter-party nights and they have a crawfish boil outside every Friday evening that I walk by after work frequently. I can dig it. On occasion.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,1/21/2012,196,337,5,5,4>So I was dating myself again. We had a lovely time at Satsuma. We had a yummy turkey sandwich on ciabatta that definitely made my day just a little more bright. The avocado, salad, the turkey everything was phenomenal as I sat enjoyed the atmosphere... What made the experience go to another level had to be, the music choices. Sweet Dreams by the Eurythmics came on!!! How could I not enjoy myself. It made me want to get on the table and start dancing and this place is so cool I bet noone would say anything!You should check this place out some yummy dishes cooking up here and grab some of their fresh juices! Also, take a wheat grass shot.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,1/20/2012,157,66,6,4,6>hey you! Creepy guy knocking little kids out of the way... Good news! You no longer have to spend your weekends sneaking into Chuck-E-Cheese for a good game of skee-ball!Wait... Before I begin, let me just start off by saying, I did not pay for one single thing on my visit here, so I have no idea how much things cost. I went with about four boys and I never had to pull out money once.Actually, that's not true. I paid for about $2 worth of skee-ball. And that was well worth it.Now, back to the review...When I got there I was not hungry. but there is something about the phrase "Gravy cheese fries" that make me unable to say no. (Guys, take note!)They were no where near as good my favorite gravy cheese fry bar, but still, they are gravy, cheese, and fries. Can't go wrong with that!Full bar complete with many different types of liquor and a huge selection of beer that you beer people would like, I guess. The atmosphere is laid back, and really it can be whatever you want it to be. There is music and a dance floor if you want to do some slow/fast grinding. And plenty of games to keep you busy.Lots of pool tables, dart boards, enclosed ping-pong tables, foosball and more.... Skee ball!!!It's just a cool place to hang out with plenty to do and plenty to drink.I only wish they had a few arcade games. I could KILL some Ms. PacMan!
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,1/19/2012,87,388,3,7,5>This was an enjoyable way to spend an afternoon, or at least a few hours.  I was more interested in the beverage displays, not being very knowledgeable on the history of cocktails.  There was quite a bit to take in.  I enjoyed reading the posters and seeing all the old artifacts.  And learning how martinis became drier with time.  And we can blame James Bond for the vodka martini.The food history was alright with plenty of emphasis on rice and sugar, two major local crops.  Also very informative display about boudin and the history behind it.  I just liked the Cajun sausage.Even though it was a museum, it was surprising to see how they used modern technology in the form of the QR tags to add additional flavor and information to the exhibits.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,1/18/2012,98,1428,7,26,18>Charlie's Steakhouse is a New Orleans institution. I'm not sure if tourists will understand what Charlie's is all about, so I don't suggest they try.Charlie's has always been famous for steaks, no menu, poor service and reasonable prices. Post-K and under new ownership some of that has changed. The steaks are still great (actually better), the service is much improved and the prices have gone up.The decor is not fancy, but it is not supposed to be. It isn't pretentious or fancy, but it is one of my all time favorites.Ever since they have reopened I have wanted to come and eat, but never had the chance. Recently I went with a large group (8) and had a very memorable experience.Since we had a large party we called ahead. They took our reservation with no problem. We arrived a little early so we sat at the bar and had some drinks. The hostess was very friendly as was the bartender. Once all of our party arrived we headed upstairs and sat down.Our waiter, Joe, was awesome. He was friendly and helpful and even tolerant of the newcomers in our party. For those who had been to the old version, you know that the waiters were less than friendly if someone didn't understand the process.Charlie's has no menu. The website lists what is available, but it is pretty simple. Steaks - Fillet and T-bone. Both come in multiple sizes, but we opted for the 32 oz. T-bone to share between two. It was more than enough food. My one complaint about the whole meal was that it didn't come out sizzling. I chalk that up to the fact that they were bringing out seven steaks and having them all ready at the same time is hard. The steak was great.Sides - Wedge salad - his is a 1/4 head of lettuce with their signature blue cheese and onions. This salad is simple, but great. The dressing is quite tart, so if you don't like blue cheese, don't get it.Onion rings - These are a must order. One order was enough for the whole table. Fried perfectly and piled high, add ketchup and enjoy.Mushrooms - Loaded with garlic and butter. They were good, but i could have done without them.Au gratin potatoes - Cheesy heaven. This was just as I remembered and it was great. Charlie's actually has a wine list and decent beer selection too.The whole group had our picture taken with the cardboard cutout of Elvis as a perfect end to a great meal.Our bill was $500. That included wine, beer and the tip. It was well worth it and I cant wait to go back.In some ways Charlie's has never changed, but in others it is much better.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2011,1/17/2012,143,66,5,8,7>I love this this place! You love Vodka - you don't saaay?!?!  A list of Vodka to try! Pravda also has a decent selection of wines at a reasonable price. This is not your typical French Quarter bar full of loud obnoxious music and people.  This is a bar to chill with friends or a romantic setting for two, if you prefer.  I love the ambiance here - a dark and sexy vibe!  Of course, I've only been here at night.  Pravda's Courtyard is the "best keep secret" in the Quarter.  A dim red lit courtyard on a full moon night is an awesome place to end an evening.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,6/24/2012,126,75,3,5,4>This 3 and half star place is pretty good -- well, I rounded up. I wouldn't say it is a strong 4, but it's close enough. When I went on a Tuesday afternoon for 1:15PM, there was no line. I should also state it is hecka-ghetto outside. Then when you step inside, it has a classy ambiance oddly enough. Most lunch dishes run around $15 or more so it isn't cheap. However, they do offer a buffet (priced at $17.95). Since I couldn't pick a specific dish, I just stuck with the buffet -- which this review is based on:1. It comes with a vegetable soup. And wow, pretty good. Fresh ingredients; solid taste.2. They had spaghetti and meatballs (average); fried chicken (pretty good); read beans and rice (average)...3. For the other items on the buffet: white rice is average (I rarely ever like rice in restaurants in Americanized restaurants); collard greens (good); salad (average); green beans (pretty good); sausage (ok)...4. Dessert - the buffet came with a peach cobbler and it had the consistency of a sweet potato pie, which isn't my favorite.Overall, it was pretty good. I wouldn't say it is amazing but good enough to recommend.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,6/23/2012,235,222,1,11,3>I had an excellent dining experience here on 08-25-2011.   Maximo's always had a good reputation, but I had not eaten here in 20 years, so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.We arrived at 7:00 pm on a Thursday, and the place was pretty empty.  We had reservations but were told we could sit wherever we wanted.  We opted for the very first booth (2-top) situated on the left wall as you walk in.  We were seated immediately and greated by our server (Erin).  Our drinks arrived in a jiffy, along with some delicious hot bread.The restaurant is narrow but you don't get the feeling like you're sitting right on top of the table next to you.  The decor is upscale and the stained wooden ceilings are a nice touch.  There are pictures everywhere but they don't take away from the dining experience.For an appetizer, we had the Sicilian shrimp which was grilled and wrapped in prosciutto.  They give you four nice sized prawns, so it's worth the money.  My entree selection was the Osso Buco, which is a veal shank cooked on the bone.  It is the house specialty and is absolutely delicious.  You don't need a knife because the veal is so tender than you can eat it with a fork.  As is customary, they give you a tiny appetizer fork so that you can eat the marrow from inside the bone.  I know this may sound a little weird to some, but don't knock it till you try it.  Although not as tasty as the veal itself, the marrow was very rich and had a buttery texture.We also had the fire roaseted seafood entree, which consisted of gulf shrimp, large scallops and fish (grouper).  I love scallops and shrimp, but the grouper stole the show on this plate.  The habernero infused olive oil really kicks it up a notch, but not to the point where you don't taste the seafood and appreciate it for what it is.For dessert, we had the tiramisu beacuse it's made in house and it doesn't get any fresher than that.  Although not my favorite dessert, I prefer in house desserts to those that are store bought or shipped to the restaurant.Lastly, I'd like to commend my server Erin.  She was extremly attentive (without being intrusive) and very helpful with the menu choices.  Her personality make her perfectly suited for her job and she is a definite asset to Maximo's.  It's readily apparent when a person truly enjoys their job and Erin fits the bill.  Thanks for making our dining experience here a memorable one.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,6/22/2012,234,1331,3,9,8>This is a really cool, old school, dive bar that has a fantastic atmosphere with wonderful service.  They have a loyal following and it is a great place to hang out  and enjoy yourself.  They have a great steak night every Thursday (just $10) and the prices on the drinks are always reasonable.  It is in a bit of a hidden location so you need to know it is there or you will probably just drive right by it.  This is definitely a great place to grab a drink and soak in some local ambiance.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2011,6/21/2012,12,113,,8,5>Very Impressive.Dinner for four on Saturday evening.  Easy to find, jump onto St. Charles from the 90 and you are just about there.  As you are driving past you will be teased by the hint of a parking lot.  If it makes  you feel better, drive through it and then get back on the street and find a parking spot.  As you walk in the front door, the first thought that crossed my mind - "this is really a nice place.... too nice for an Irish bar.  Definitely not a a "dive bar" candidate.  Large open room, classic bar arrangement, tastefully decorated, nice furniture.  We were met at the door and escorted to our table which was, surprisingly, on the second floor.      Service was excellent. They have a large wine list although they were out of our first choice.  As noted in the other reviews, the food is varied and generally high quality.  We stopped at the bar on the way out for a drink.  Large selection of beers.Great atmosphere.  A special shout-out for the very nice, clean bathrooms.Dinner for 4 including drinks and tips was about $55 a person.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,6/20/2012,61,118,,7,6>I bought a house a few blocks away from this little neighborhood spot 6 years ago and have been an occasional customer ever since, usually for brunch. While never blown away, the good music, warm service and decent food kept me coming back.       In the last year, however, a change in the kitchen has elevated the cuisine far beyond what it has ever acheived in its multiple decade history. There has not been a philosophical change-this is still a South Lousisiana comfort food bistro-rather, the execution and freshness of ingredients have leapt up tremendously.        My gal and I still go mostly for brunch, which is often banal at restaurants all over this great land of ours, but not at Atchafalya. First, the bloody Mary bar is a a 3' X 4' table of enchantment and delight: pickled okra & green beans, tomatoes, celery, horseradich, celery and any number of other tasty bits including bacon and all manner of seasonings. The overall vibe of the front room/bar area is spacious, friendly and if a band is playing (every brunch), a tad loud but they book reliably good acts, so just chill and enjoy the wait for your table (if you are like my girl and me and don't always make reservations).        One product with which the kitchen displays magical abilities is crab. Yes, we are blessed with great crabs in Louisiana (some would say superior to the stone of florida or the big blues of Maryland or even the rich dungeness of the Pacific) and the folks at Atchafalya are smart enough to get out of the way and let the sweet, shell free meat do the talking. The Louisiana Crab Salad, with mixed greens, hearts of palm, cilantro, peanuts, green curry vinaigrette is a study in setting a perfect platform for your star ingredient and not burying it with overwrought trickery. Even more amazing is the crab cake that normally accompanies  the Eggs Louisiana, which I sampled sans eggs and I will say it-I have been living three blocks away from the best crab cake I have ever tasted and had no idea until yesterday!        My sweetheart trembles in anticipation for the Treme, which features boudin cake, poached eggs, hollandaise, popcorn crawfish tails...way too much and just enough at the same time. The grits are also among the better available in town (nobody touches Patois on that count).        I have had oddball servers, but never anything but good, friendly service in a homey atmosphere (the semi-upstairs dining room is a tad cramped, but this is also the kind of place you might make friends with your neighboring diners).         I haven't eaten dinner here enough to give a full appraisal, but the menu gets more ambitious while hewing close to the Southern comfort paradigm.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,6/19/2012,211,183,5,10,5>I finally found a 5 star establishment.  Its been awhile since I have been wowed by anything lately....but I love Tartine!   I was there for two breakfasts in a row, so yeah, they make me very happy.The first breakfast was the eggs with ham and cheese en brioche.   Very well done, eggs cooked perfectly.The second was the quiche of the day, onions, ham and gruyere cheese.  Nice piece of quiche for the six dollars and fifty cents.I also had a breakfast scone today, with macadamia nuts, raisins, and a side of lemon curd.   That was fantastic.The pastry prices were beyond reasonable for what you were getting.   This is my favorite bakery  in New Orleans.  Huge cream filled Eclairs, for 2.50?   Comparing for the one bit ones I paid  1.50  for on Maple Street, I would venture to say that Tartine is also a great value.Coffee and beverages are self serve and the coffee brand is Community in several varieties.   Cute interior and little outdoor seating area for when the weather cools off.  The staff is very sweet and accommodating.  The turn around time for food is a little slower than what one would like, including myself, but the quality is well worth it.   I am pleased to offer this 5 star rating for Tartine.   Tartine has made me very happy.  This hidden gem is a brilliant stone, (but not a blood diamond.)
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,6/18/2012,425,213,6,14,13>I think about Carmo every.single.day. And I'm not even joking.I've started asking people to get together here all the time and I think I'm obsessed.It's like a little hole in the wall with nothing really going on nearby but there's a few seats inside and two tables outside.  Menu is sure to please anyone with meaty dishes, lots of vegetarian/vegan options, salads, and awesome Brazilian specialties like little balls of cheesy dough. What keeps me coming back is this dish that's a huge mashed and fried (maybe baked?) plantain with VEGAN pulled pork on top. It's so good my mouth is watering right now thinking of it.The staff are always so nice and really seem like they care, and that's important too!Whaddya say, dinner at Carmo?
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,6/17/2012,127,182,6,11,5>My  new obsession!  I worry my employer will start directly depositing my pay into the register of this boutique versus my bank account!  Not because the store is that expensive, but because its that good!!!This is an adorable little boutique pretty far down Magazine St that you probably wouldnt notice if it wasnt for the fun name and hot outfits in the window!While still new, the store is filled with vintage-y style dresses, very pinup girl-esque, fun purses and jewelry, awesome designed tights, a table of hot hair accessories, and fun tee shirts!  What I especially love about this store besides the super cool, friendly and helpful owner Joi B mentioned, is two things: prices and sizes.  A Girl is a Gun, while not cheap, is affordable for quality items.  I've seen dresses in the store and when I went to the brands website, they were the same price (sometimes more) than what A Girl is a Gun sells them at, so of course its more fun to buy the dress in person while supporting a local business!  As far as the sizes, a Girl is a Gun carries from XS to XXL.  I never wouldve known.  While driving by the window you assume its a boutique with adorable, overpriced clothing that would look awesome if you were rich and didnt eat a meal in 2011, but thats so not the case!!!I ended up buying fun, hot items that I never wouldve thought I could pull off if I didnt stop in the store and try on!This is a great boutique which I encourage everyone to check out and I'm telling you, you will leave so happy you did!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,6/16/2012,894,496,5,14,10>A very much anticipated race park that finally opened late last year on the westbank. I know lots of car nuts that seek places to really drive their cars and Louisiana is sorely lacking in places to fulfill this need. The nearest place for us to have track days was at JESTC in Zachary. Now the masses will come to NOLA Motorsports Park!! This place is awesome and will only get better in the future as it is still being worked on.My friends and I went here Sunday Jan 15th for a track day. Some of the best fun you can have as an adult IMO. It is pricey to do a track day but worth it. It cost us $325 each! Ouch!! You get six 20-minute runs on the track. We usually do one track day a year but after having so much fun here we are trying to fit two a year into our budgets. They have it all here whether you like to autocross or prefer to drive on a track. The tracks are great with both a north and south track (both over 2 1/2 miles each) and once completed the north and south tracks can be combined to make an over 5-mile racecourse. That is seriously long for a track! A 4-story clubhouse is on one end of the north track. The clubhouse is beautiful and will house a restaurant run by Scott Boswell. The restaurant should be open by March!They also have a world-class go-kart track that seems like a blast to drive (sadly we didn't drive the karts. Next time). They say the adult karts can exceed 45mph. It is $20 for 10 minutes on the karts. Junior karts and adult karts are available. For the adult karts you have to be 16 yrs old (with ID) or 5 ft tall. Located near the karting track is the speedshop. It is a great convenience where you can get your car worked on to get it track ready if need be.The autocross area looked great! I'm sure all the local autocrosses will take place here instead of in the Zephyr Stadium parking lot where it used to be held. This place is much better suited for autocrossing.NOLA Motorsports has finally given this region some street cred in the auto racing world. Whether you have a car, motorcycle, or just want to try out a very fast go-kart, NOLA Motorsports Park can help you achieve the rush you can only get when going around curves or cones at ridiculous speeds.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,6/15/2012,41,215,3,8,5>The Alamo Underground which used to be located in Mid City has recently opened on Freret.  I came for movie night thursday but due to technical difficulties it was postponened.  No matter, they have good beer prices ($2-6, depening on how "hipster" you are/drink) and there was a comedy act and a music act happening.  There's also a bagel bar in case you get a little toroidal hunger.  Bonus: There was also no cover for any of it.  I'll for sure be coming back again!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/30/2014,162,269,9,16,12>As a fat and fabulous fashionista, I have felt the pain of ugly clothing. I've felt the ugly stares of many shop owners who are horrified that someone my size might want to shop there. Hell, I've even been laughed out of a few shops here in New Orleans because of my size. Which is why Shercole K.'s review of Full Blossom Chic sent me RUNNING to paw through the collection at this amazing boutique. I've sold here twice, browsed multiple times, and will be back tomorrow morning to buy a fabulous blazer that clocks in well below retail while still looking fresh off the rack. Oh yeah. This is where I want to be shopping and selling my gitch. Let's be very clear: I've sold clothes to other local consignment shops. I've purchased from them, too. I like some of them--most notably our local Buffalo Exchange. Seriously. (Check out my 4 star review of the place, if you'd like.) But I like Full Blossom Chic better than anywhere else I've ever sold or shopped for consignment clothes for two reasons. One, the entire store is a wild romp of beautiful clothes for me and other female-presenting folks who are bigger than a size 10. Two, the owner - slash resident fashionista is an amazing, welcoming, discerning curator of this collection without being a snob. Yes, she can say no without making you feel tiny. She can say, "This doesn't fit our collection" without the "because it's ugly/you're terrible/you have no style" coda that other style-conscious resellers the world over manage to add in there. I've never felt rejected when some of my clothes don't fit the profile of the shop. Funny, that. And let's be serious: Daniela's attitude always makes me want to shop after I sell. Even better, Daniela has a serious eye. I've tried on clothes that I loved, but they didn't look very good on me. Guess who told me that they weren't working? Daniela. Yes, the owner of this shop helped me look my best by offering fashion advice that meant my visit didn't end with a purchase. But you know what that advice did for me? It cemented in my mind that her focus is on style, not selling me on something that didn't work for me. I'm more inclined to spend my limited fashion cash here because it is a welcoming, well-curated, plus-size bonanza of perfectly-priced fat, femme love. Sigh. So good. Accessibility notes: Step up into the shop. Door opens in. No Braille menu or signage. Dressing rooms are small and may not handle accessibility devices. Medium-height counter. Clothes are hung both low and high. Staff is very present for assistance.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/29/2014,1085,123,12,24,14>This experience reminded me of my first time in the first Dat Dog. Then, I was excited to try out the tasty dog I'd heard about from a few fellow Yelpers, and this time I was excited to try out their extension into the burger market, with this new Dis & Dat hot dog + burgers venture. As I like to shout aloud when passing by family picnics, "Bring on the thick meat! I wanna get stuffed!"Result: Another satisfied customer and one proud to be their FTR.Finding this place, it feels like it's in the middle of a neighborhood, and then you realize this location is literally a stone's throw away from the new hospital area under construction. Holy ground moo meat, this place is going to CLEAN UP when that hospital opens. This is going to be a major lunch spot, without a doubt.Fans of Dat Dog will find the same deliciousness here, but the burgers are something new and not to be missed. They are like gourmet Wendy's burgers, square enough for Dave Thomas, but far thicker and more delicious.The bun is where this burger really earns its full uniqueness. If you're a fan of the Dat Dog bun, you will find the same taste and texture here, in square burger bun form. It's like a light chewy sourdough. I ordered the chili cheese burger and my bun was covered in onions too, which is awesome. I'm not sure if all the burgers have onion buns, but the chili cheese burger does.The staff here was also super welcoming and all very nice. Best of all was how the manager came over and introduced himself. He even gave us a little tour of the place and the nice area hidden in back with plenty more room to feed plenty more people.This place is going to do well, and as one who calls Mid-City home, I welcome our new neighbor, and their tasty tasty dogs and cows. And their beers and drinks too.Oh, and as of right now, they are cash only, but will accept our cards soon.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,11/28/2014,12,126,3,5,3>Vegetarian restaurants have never been able to have staying power in New Orleans- too grungy, or too fancy, and always not enough people open to not eating animals. But I hope this one does. We started with three spreads. The raw carrot-ginger purée was so sweet and spicey. My only complaint is that I forgot my left over spoonfuls in the car later and couldn't finish it up that night! I could eat that stuff everyday. Most places hold back on the ginger but not here. The mushroom sweet potato pate was good and the cashew cheese wasn't really cheesy but it was good. My lunch date really dug the BBQ seitan sandwich. I loved the cauliflower sandwich. It was suppose to be a "steak" and would have been easier to eat if it wasn't grilled florets but a plank of the head kinda thing which I picture when you say steak. But it was spiced nicely and cooked to a good texture. I chose the raw onion bread and I am craving that too all the time now. I don't usually like raw "baked goods" because of texture but this was a flat bread and had a great chewiness and good onion flavor. Can't wait to go back. Hopefully the nice, clean decor and the casualness along with the gluten free and raw craze and also the city's more openness to vegan/vegetarian will ensure this place is around a long time.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2014,11/27/2014,58,32,6,9,6>Exam weeks allows for midday lunch runs, and I finally made it to Willie Mae's, a restaurant I have been meaning to visit for some time.Rarely have I been to a place that is the subject of as much hype as Willie Mae's;  it is rumored to be the "Best Fried Chicken in America."  Make no mistake; it's really good, but, in my opinion, it's not the best fried chicken that I have ever eaten, a fact that led to much debate/discussion and a slightly disappointed gf, who was convinced that the chicken was going to knock my socks clean off.I was informed that the secret to the chicken is in a wet batter, and it certainly is different from any other friend chicken that I've eaten.  It's certainly light, crunchy, and very flaky with a little bit of a peppery kick.  The chicken was moist, and three pieces of fried chicken w/a side was a generous serving for $10.  Perhaps, my chicken was simply left in the fryer a little too long, though, as it wasn't quite the religious experience I expected. I also tried the fried okra, and the cornbread, which were both tasty, and certainly qualify as solid comfort food.The restaurant is nice and homey, and the service was also good.  There is certainly an old New Orleans/neighborhood feel to the place.  I imagine that the crowd keeps the waiters and waitresses moving all the time as the crowd cycles in and out, so I didn't mind a little wait on drink refills and such.  I can say that I will be heading back in the future to try a few other things on the menu and, of course, the lemonade, which I think I missed out on.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2014,11/26/2014,81,112,6,6,5>Somewhat  near  so I stopped in to test it out. No biscuits  but good food  and service in the morning. Great  concept. People learn the restaurant  business and go on to work in the city. All the food is well prepared by local students. Large cooking school  next door  with organic   grocery store. Nice  morning respet  for  good  cause. They have scone  but not biscuits. What's up with that.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,11/25/2014,198,228,1,6,4>I'm not sure if it's the allure of the food truck, but I'm loving this place at the moment.  Though not completely Mexican/Latin American, this food truck serves up a storm on even weeknights with their brisket, BBQ, and delicious vegetarian options (with clever names).  Oh, and did I forget to mention their battered avocado fries?  They're the best thing NOLA offers to my belly.I've tried just about half of their options so far, and the brisket was one of my favorites.  It erred on the saltier (and somewhat spicy) side, but the cilantro, radish and rest of the garnish gave the taco a fresh twist.  I also really enjoyed the BBQ pork, which had a pineapple salsa that was also delicious despite my dislike for sweet in my savory food.  The best invention (or adaptation) of theirs, is the avocado fries.  At a hefty price of $5 for about half an avocado (sometimes a little more), these battered wonders come with a delicious aoli that will disappear in no time!  Not to worry, these minute-appearing eats actually fill you up quicker than you think!  Another plus side of this food truck?  Its stop is always two steps away from a watering hole.  Literally.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,11/24/2014,118,98,4,6,5>Had another lovely experience at La Crepe Nanou.  It never disappoints.  Every time I go, I tell myself that I should go there more often.On this visit, we decided to just go for dessert and some port.  That quickly turned into appetizers and desserts...even though we'd already had dinner. Yeah...don't judge. LOLWe started off with the Gratin De Fruits De Mer for $11.  It's a Seafood Gratin: Local shrimp, crabmeat and fish baked in lobster sauce with Gruyère. Basically you're dipping crusty bread into a pool of seafood drowning in cheese.  Yes, it's pretty amazing!  I get this every single time I go to La Crepe Nanou.We then had some French fries with béarnaise sauce.  The French fries weren't cooked enough. We sent them back.  They came back perfectly crispy.  Since the fries had to be sent back, our waitress removed the béarnaise sauce from our bill, which was nice.For dessert I had the Crêpe Marrons for $8.  It's a crepe filled with chestnut cream and topped with coffee ice cream and rum flambé. It's lit on fire tableside.  It wasn't the first time I've had this dessert, and it won't be the last. It's delish!We each had a glass of port with dessert.  It was reasonably priced at $7 a glass, and it was really good.Our server did a fine job.  She was attentive and efficient.  No complaints there.As usual, I would recommend La Crepe Nanou.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,11/23/2014,29,142,4,6,3>Did this for the first time this year.  Loved it.  Loved it.  Loved it.  The Stompers know how to have a good time.  I made my way over around noon and it was already a good party.  We danced, we drank, I met Morgan F.  It was awesome.  The best part is I broke my ankle walking home afterwards.  Who says I don't know how to party?!?
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2014,11/22/2014,126,102,1,7,5>Absolutely no complaints! Dr. Stephanie and her staff are phenomenal. I'm extremely picky about where I'll take my 12 year old kitty, we've seen several vets over the years, but I'll never go anywhere else. Everyone working here is compassionate and professional. Prices are extremely reasonable and they take the time to fit you in if you're in a time crunch. 5 stars!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,11/21/2014,37,139,4,6,6>We slipped into this place on Friday around 5ish during FQ Fest. Needed a bathroom and it looked like the perfect place to have a beer and chill away from the crowds. We sat there by the window for a long time. Drinking a glass of Abita and talking. I really like this place. We went back last Saturday while just walking around the FQ. Again, quiet but not too quiet. Chatty locals and non locals. We sat by the opened window again and people watched, drank and talked. There's a jukebox with Acid Bath as an option.... talk about blast from the past! There's also a pool table. Ladies, the bathroom is small but clean. No hooks for a purse (I'm on a mission to change this).
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,6/3/2014,47,22,4,10,6>Ok so, I consider myself a foodie, right? However, I'm a bit of a snob. I rarely go to places that don't immediately "WOW" me from the outside. I was hesitant to try out Burritos Grille, even after hearing from 2 reliable sources how good the food was. I just couldn't imagine that the old donut shop on Read, had converted to a Mexican restaurant...and it was actually good!  Boy was I wrong. This place isn't just good, it's EXCELLENT. So much so, that I went back two days in a row! The outside is a bit sketchy. As I said it is housed in a strip mall in New Orleans East that isn't the most pleasing to the eye. The outside kind of reminds you of the old Popeyes buildings...but never judge a book by its cover. When you enter, u kind of feel a sense of relief...the decor makes u feel like u are in an authentic Mexican restaurant (minus the video poker machines). There's tons of Mexican paraphernalia, a juke box that's constantly spinning Latin Hits, and a tv that plays Hispanic soap operas. We started by indulging in Happy Hour (which starts at 2p every day). After a couple of custom made mango margaritas, we decided to order. I was all set on the shrimp tacos but the manager suggested otherwise. She showed me the shrimp fajita meal and I just had to have it! It was two of us, and yet enough food for both of us to share. Oh wait. Let me not forget about the salsa and chips the manager gave us as we waited for the main course and drank margaritas. The salsa was to die for! The next day I returned with shrimp tacos in mind...so I ordered them....and per the manager's suggestion (again) we ordered the shrimp nachos. Can I tell y'all how freaking wonderful those nachos are?!?! They aren't ur traditional nachos. Burritos grille takes individual nachos and places the following ingredients on them/: Beans, shrimp and salsa. It also is accompanied by guacamole and fresh jalapeños, pico de gallo and sour cream. Nom nom nom! The manager shared with us that all dishes are made with fresh ingredients. They make their own guacamole, pico, salsa, shredded chicken and even homemade chorizo (just to name a few). I can not wait to go back there for lunch again. I will most definitely be bringing another friend to introduce.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,6/2/2014,216,410,2,11,6>My family had a great weeknight dinner here last week. We were all able to personalize our meals exactly the way we like which is something that wont happen at home! We chose different meats such as the phillet( tender ground filet ) and lean ground bison burger, onion bun and jalapeno bun,etc. The toppings are endless. I had a hard time finding the perfect combination. Sauces like jalapeno aoli, creole aoli and truffle aoli had me in aoli heaven. How could I choose just one? Well after careful consideration we all seem to make excellent choices and left with full bellies. They do offer a burger of the week which always sounds awesome just in case youre too indecisive. It was tuesday so the kids ate free! They finished off their dinner with ice cream shakes. I was tempted to get an 'adult shake' - maybe next time. Everything we tried from fried mushrooms to fried pickles, fries, burgers and 3 different flavored shakes were all 5 star quality. They cater to us yelpers by giving out a free premium topping like thick bacon or avocado which saves about $2 just for checking in. Word around town is this is the best location to go to and based on our visit- I wont argue.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,6/1/2014,295,505,3,9,4>4/5 sometimes feels like I live here...My favorite coffee shop in Nola and a great upgrade from the other location. I love the team that works here -everything they make is spot on. I'd say my favorite thing to get is the miel in espresso format over ice with just a splash of half and half. The wifi is tricky to get to, but understandable to encourage more purchases from "campers"No need it say that I'm excited to return; this is pretty much a weekly thing.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,5/31/2014,114,467,3,11,5>It's been 5 visits since my first review. Our last outing was on Tuesday and to say it was enjoyable would be a huge understatement.I tried to get the daily special but by 2pm, they were sold out.I was upset for less than 20 seconds because our waitress informed us they had an oyster special that day.A dozen oysters for $4.99 is a great deal and the fact that they were HUGE and sweet and salty is a huge bonus. 2 dozen made me feel even better. Paired with some (slightly overly salted) gator bites and some coleslaw made it a wonderful treat.I've upped my review to 5 stars because they've more than proven themselves to be consistent, affordable and the waitstaff impeccable.Looking forward to going back over and over.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/30/2014,147,473,2,5,2>The pastries here are great, especially the savory ones. SOOOOOO flaky are the croissants. SOOOO soft is the brioches. SOOOOOO content am I!.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/29/2014,29,114,2,5,2>Best burger in NOLA for my money. This lovely restaurant is set inside of an old garage with the area around the pumps converted into patio seating. The decor is lovely and eclectic, embracing the heritage of the building's former location. The food is excellent. You cannot go wrong with the burger, but they offer rotating specials every night, such as the chicken and waffles on Wednesdays.The interior is a little cozy and you might end up sharing tables with someone if you're just a party of two but that's part of the fun. The service is fast, helpful, friendly and efficient. They have a good selection of beers on tap as well as a full bar.I recommend this place to everyone coming into town, without any reservations.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,5/28/2014,226,478,,6,2>Came here for the Exotic driving experience. An experience it was. Highly recommend you book your reservation before you arrive. Walk-ins like myself had to wait two hours. But I was able to get a slot to drive the Lamborghini 560!  Before even getting in the car drivers need to watch two videos. I had to admit the main building is pretty nice.  Nice lounge chairs and a bar upstairs with  a balcony overlooking the track. So after the safety brief and videos drivers pick up their badge which also has a flash drive. You'll give that to the instructor when you  get in the car. They will video tape the whole experience and offer you to buy the video ($99). Drivers are escorted to the waiting area. Everyone gets to take pics in front and while seated in the car with no helmet. You can buy it later with or without a frame. $17 per print or $69 for the framed version. The fun begins when you get in the car and head out for 5 laps. Just think it's around $100 a lap to make it worth it. Hit the gates, apex and turns. Max speed on the straightaway for me was 136mph.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,5/27/2014,47,237,4,10,3>I've been here so many times, I'm probably keeping them in business. I just love everything they do. The guacamole is fantastic. I actually didn't like guacamole that much until I came here and had it. Now I get it every single time I go. All the tacos are delicious. I especially love the fish tacos - flounder fillets with red cabbage and a house remoulade - mmmmmm. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. The chorizo - to die for - just the right amount of spice. I also love the different bowl combinations they do. Just a mix of a bunch of ingredients, and you can mix and match what you want.I've had everything on the menu except the caesar salad dishes. But how can I get salad when everything else here is so unbelievably delicious?!They also make the best mango margarita money can buy. And they're almost always 2 for 1.The owner is incredibly friendly and sociable, when she isn't too busy cooking or working tables herself. She almost always greets me with a friendly smile and a "How ya doin'?! It's been too long!," and she sincerely wants to know how we're doing and what's going on in our lives.  She makes the meal that much more enjoyable.  Oh!!! They also do complimentary chips and queso instead of salsa! Not to knock on salsa, but I LOVE queso and would eat just that if that wouldn't make me a fatty cheapo. Everything they do at Sarita's just makes me happy.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,5/26/2014,64,156,3,8,4>Well, it looks like my fiancee and I have found a new store to obsess over. Tucked away just off Decatur Street in the Quarter, we came upon this store. I immediately recognized it from Yelp; I had been wanting to go here for a while, but was too lazy to make the trip to the French Quarter. A whole five minute drive from my house, yes, but parking is the worst as we all know. This store specializes in all sorts of clothing and accessories for small dogs. The extremely sweet and helpful (I assume) owner chatted with us about my dog and even humored me when I had to pull out some cute pictures. The variety of clothes they have is unparalleled in the city. From dresses to vests to collars to tutus to sweaters to coats to costumes to bandanas...they have it all. We ended up buying a sturdy, warm, and adorable fleece coat for my dog.The best part is that her prices are the most reasonable I have come across in this city. She tries to price everything below $20. Indeed, our coat was only $16 and change with tax.We will definitely be back to find something cute for our dog to wear for Barkus!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,5/25/2014,69,116,5,9,6>They officially have two more happy customers. My mom and I were being lazy on a Sun afternoon so after perusing Yelp, I told her about this 32' shrimp po boy everyone was raving about. She couldn't believe it so we agreed to check it out. I called them and they said it would be 10 mins. for our lunch. When we got there, there were 5 other people in line, waiting for their 32' shrimp po boys. No sweat. We get in line and chat with the regulars. One lady gets a po boy 4 times a week to feed her family of 8. She loves them and said that if food stamps allowed hot food, she would eat it every day. Another patron nodded in agreement. Still another asked us what we were there for. We said the po boy, like everyone else. He nodded his head and said it was a shame that no one went there for their fried chicken. He said it was the best in the city. Judging from the pieces we saw, we had to agree they looked damn tasty. Mom and I gave each other a look that meant MENTAL NOTE! Fried chicken next time! (Prices were also very reasonable.)20 minutes later, we finally get our food and cradled that puppy back to the car. My mom was actually stroking the butcher paper wrapped sandwich in her arms, a big goofy grin over her face. She kept on saying she couldn't believe how big it was. The drive home was full of talks about how many pounds of shrimp would it take to fill up a 32' po boys. (At this point, she is CONVINCED that it's mostly lettuce and tomatoes. "Maybe a dozen shrimp," she said confidently.)WRONG! The sandwich was OVERFLOWING with shrimp. Barely any lettuce and tomatoes, it was mostly shrimp, bread and pickles. Small shrimp, but who cares? Your 32 incher is seriously OVERFLOWING with shrimpy yumminess! And our completely unscientific research led us to conclude that it's at least 3 lbs of shrimp for that sandwich. Maybe even 4.We both agreed it was definitely worth the $14 and change after taxes. We definitely know what we're bringing to the next pot lucks or any social gatherings. Who needs Subway giant subs when you've got Banks Meat Market?The only negative was the temp of the food. Despite living 5 mins away, by the time we got home, the sandwich was cold. Maybe because they already premade all their 32' shrimps? Bread was day old and didn't really have the flaky po boy bread we were expecting/hoping. Definitely would have been better toasted in the oven for 15 mins. Would have liven everything back up again.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,11/15/2011,41,215,10,10,5>Tuesday nights at Bullets is like when you are wandering around Walgreens at 2am looking for the perfect card to send to grandma to congratulate her on the anniversary of her most recent hip surgery when you stumble upon a "Jesus thinks you're hip" and suddenly you realize that your entire relationship has just been summarized by hallmark.  That is to say, Bullets is the best parts of New Orleans, all rolled up into one beautiful dive bar.  Good food, fantastic music, laid back fun, and more characters than your grandma can shake a stick at.  If you haven't made it out here yet I highly recommend it.pro-tip: bring your hankies, spontaneous second lining is known to happen
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2011,11/14/2011,43,352,5,5,5>these guys are just starting out in a location (formerly, knock knock knock) doomed, but the marketing and quality they are putting out might just break that curse.  Yes, my delivery did take too long to get here, almost an hour, but the salad was cold and the chicken atop it was hot, so it's a kitchen timing (staff) issue and not the driver (who was a very nice gentleman).Quality, however, in the ingredients and in the delivery presentation (something usually skimped on) were both impressively above my expectations.  I know it's not hard to serve (or make) a good Caesar dressing, plenty of other za places do, but for the love of Christ most places in nola like to screw it up.  Magazine pizza learned that lesson, though in a nitpick i will complain (probably due to said kitchen restraints) that it was not tossed.  Is that my main complaint?  Yep.Had the Macho Man pizza (mmmm... meaty), it was fine but not artisan.  All their specialty pizzas are moderately standard, it seems, but if the quality extends to the toppings then this raises the bar for evening and latenight delivery.Pretty good for a new business.  Let us hope that the promise of quality LOCAL SOURCED ingredients remains cost-effective enough for them to keep it up.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,11/13/2011,100,207,,6,4>Not that I was looking for something to criticize, but honestly, there was nothing to criticize. The ambiance, the service and the food were perfect. Much more subdued than Emeril Lagasse's flagship restaurant down the street and around the corner, Emeril's (which can be loud and gaudy). This was my first trip to Delmonico's and I enjoyed every minute of it. It all started with complimentary valet service and upon entering the restaurant, my dining companion and I were escorted to the bar. I was quite impressed with how they had used the smallish space; it felt warm and cozy and modern for being in such an old house! We got there at opening so it was not crowded which meant there were plenty of people available to wait on us. After a drink at the bar, we were seated and took our time with the menu. It all looked so good! Seriously, I literally could not find something that I did NOT want to try. My friend and I were after meat this night so we chose the charcuterie plate. Yup, the big one and let me tell you...this thing was awesome! I'm not gonna even try to recall and list the variety of items. Imagine a cutting board being brought to your table full of thin slices of house cured meats, generous portion of terrine, a spreadable bologna (their terminology) on toast points that was melt in your mouth fantastic, an assortment of tasty sausages, several vegetables, and two things that were otherworldly good: pancetta wrapped dates and sausage stuffed fried olives. Simply divine, each in their own way. I'd like to send a shout out to Susan W. whose glowing recommendation of the dates I read the day before my dinner meant I would have to try them as well. Don't know if it was the best thing I've ever had, but it would definitely be on my short list of best things I've eaten this year. And the sausage stuffed, deep fried green olives? Don't get me started...if you like olives (and I do) and if you like sausage (again, I do) and you like fried foods (I do I do I do!), then try them. There was so much food on that cutting board of meat heaven, that I was nearly full. But once my steak and side showed up, I found room! I ordered the 12 oz NY strip which was expertly cooked to my high maintenance request: between medium and medium-well and accompanied by three house made sauces: soy, chimichurri and Bearnaise. Nothing like tasty aged beef swimming in bernaise...perfect. I ordered the collard greens with pancetta for my side and it was the best tasting greens I have ever had. The service was impeccable and the meal was fabulous. Even upon exiting the building the car waiting for us - we didn't need to ask or give the claim ticket, just got up said our goodbyes to wait staff and hostess and walked through the restaurant door to the car door. Outstanding!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,11/12/2011,24,30,5,8,8>Part 2 of my birthday (late) adventure! After a bit of research, I decided to start my tattoo addiction here at Taboo. Ran into Flex on the way in and we went over my design. This guy is ultra professional, has reasonable prices, and great with black & white designs. He's all about cleanliness as well as he sterilizes everything and changes gloves at least twice while prepping. I was in and out before I could blink and I'm more than sure I'm coming back for more work. Thanks Flex!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,11/11/2011,38,31,,13,5>Whoa now: Parkway faithful, now standing by Yang's. We made the decision today to try out this new neighborhood PoBoy joint. I'd been in the parking lot once before and made the decision to try something else and drove away, but a few early reviews led us back, and earlier today we said hello to Mr. Yang and his wife, and the best new PoBoy spot in New Orleans. The PoBoy's at Yang's are amongst the best the city has to offer. We tried both the roast beef and the fried shrimp and they were delicious. I can't believe I'm saying this, but they are better than those at Parkway, better than Mahoney's, better than Koz's, Parasol's, you name it. There is something incredibly charming and simple about this place. But don't let the bright pink exterior and unfamiliar name lead you astray. These are delicious PoBoy's. Prepared with care, seasoned and dressed to what I would call perfection, and the prices are unbeatable. On the exterior it would seem like this would be one of those places that sells standard fried Chinese food and chicken wings, and then perhaps dabble in poboys, but it's not. Mr. Yang is extremely passionate about PoBoy's, and that's it. The attention to detail in his recipes stand out, and the result is one that tastes better than the classics. No small feat in this city.  It took one trip to Yang's for me to register a Yelp account and tell the rest of the PoBoys consuming public that what's happening in this building is important thing. You must give Yang's a try. I only wish the fries had more character. Nothing special there. But that's not why I went. I was a little hungover and I really wanted an outstanding PoBoy. Yang's nailed it.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,11/10/2011,180,463,,5,6>this is a great place. I was unsure when a group of us decided to meet here and sit at the bar. I thought it would be difficult to talk with each other etc. But i was wrong. It was a great place for us to get drinks and food with a small or large group. I had the corned beef sandwich. It was so good! The fries were not as good. and their seasoned vegetables were also good, but a bit too buttery for me. everyone around me thoroughly enjoyed their food too. All of the food looked delicious.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,11/9/2011,74,83,5,5,3>FINALLY got to sit at the bar! Mission accomplished! As evident by my use of exclamation marks, I was incredibly excited when the boy and I snagged a spot at the revolving bar. There's just something about the very subtle rotation that is both soothing and entertaining, changing the people watching every few minutes. The only thing NOT soothing about this place is the creepy clown hands holding the lamps on the wall *shiver*. Other than that, I enjoyed my drink (the Absolut Blue, I think?), and at $8.50, it was a decent and tasty amount of cocktail. There was a piano player this time, with a drunken patron singing, which was pretty entertaining. There were also some middle-aged drunken tourists who stumbled in with hand grenades and knocked over some signs. A girl left her purse on the bar to go to the bathroom, and when she came back, couldn't find it. I would go back for the comedy alone. This is prime people watching, you guys.And some secret information for you... the bartenders actually have to hop the bar to get out from the middle of the circle! He suggested I not try it at home, and to leave it to the professional bar hoppers. Ha.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,11/8/2011,154,99,4,6,5>I'll come here once every couple of months to get my chocolate fix. I like getting a little piece of cake and a scoop of ice-cream. I like how they give you your order on a real plate and make it look all fancy. I like how Sucre is a step up from Baskin Robins but you don't have to break the bank to experience it.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,11/6/2011,63,50,,5,6>I cannot possibly say enough good things about the Louisiana SPCA and other animal shelters around the country.  So many potential pets are abused and neglected daily, left to die in the streets, confused and scared... I'm just so grateful that the LA/SPCA does such vital work in saving these animals and giving them a chance to join a loving family.We recently became the proud parents of Chester, a feisty little kitten who loves biting feet and driving his feline brother Cheeto crazy.  He also loves falling asleep on laps and necks.  Without the SPCA we would never have had a chance to bring him into our lives.  A huge thank-you to all the wonderfully helpful staff at the SPCA.  Thank you for all your hard work in saving animal lives and enriching human ones.For potential pet owners: I know that beautifully-bred Akita puppy at the pet store looks almost too good to pass up.  I know it's hard to resist that pure-bred Siamese kitten you saw on sale from a breeding expert.  But before you head over to pay for these pampered pets, swing by the SPCA first and take a look at all those animals that someone out there didn't want to take care of.  Think about how much it might mean to that puppy or kitten to go from being discarded to being adored.  Give shelter adoption a chance.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,11/5/2011,73,25,4,12,6>We used to live a few blocks away from the Krishna temple, and loved going to their Sunday dinners. We would say it was the "mind control drugs" they put in the food that kept us coming back for more. (Obviously they don't do that. I don't think. Hopefully.)There's always a cool mix of people at the dinners - broke college students and gutterpunks and Krishna devotees and people from the neighborhood.They don't charge anyone for the food, but it's nice if you can throw a few bucks in their donation box. It's really yummy vegetarian Indian food. They serve everything on Styrofoam plates, so if possible, bring your own plate or Tupperware container. I recommend the kind with portion dividers so your yummy cream of wheat style dessert doesn't mix in with your savory entree portions.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,4/14/2014,29,19,4,13,8>Ole Saint just opened in past week and they are off to a great start! Nestled in the crux of the Wyndham hotel on Royal St. where the Checkered Parrot used to be, this is a unique gastropub that fills in a niche in our multilayered culinary landscape.One of the first things you notice is the barge-like bar that extends into the main dining area which is caboosed by a wall of draft beer taps. The emphasis is clearly on local and regional craft beers from LA31 and Lazy Magnolia to the much entrenched Abita flagships. I especially like the Abita Grapefruit Harvest IPA. A perfect bright craft mix for those that like a little citrus twist.The decor is thankfully mixed with eclectic artwork and faux stone painted walls instead of an overly done sports memorabilia showcase as one might surmise given their namesake. The tandem wall of flatscreens above the bar matched with the other smaller flat screens throughout the dining space and the overhead bar lighting rails are tasteful and functional giving out a strong but subtle sports arena vibe.And then, the food.I've eaten here twice already and the food was both familiar and creative. At first glance the menu seems a bit average - a burger, fries, some meat pies, spinach dip, oysters, a pot pie, salads, ribs... However, it's what Chef Tees does with these staples that sets Ole Saint apart. I was pleasantly satisfied with every single dish I've tried and since I eat out often, that's not an easy thing for my palate to achieve. Here's the breakdown on what I ate:Pecan wood smoked ribs - rich Kansas city-style sauce, with a chicory bend - they're smoked on site. Meaty. Not over-smoked. Great starter.Cochon de Lait fries - You had me at the pig. Soft, subtle pulled pork in just the right amount of au jus and melted white cheddar. Yup.Flash fried LA oysters - Horseradish is one of my favorite condiments and hardly ever do I see it make a menu. It's here. And it's a well-done addition to the crispy plump oysters. They're served on top of a bed of green tomato chow-chow that's got ginger hidden in it... Simply brilliant. Classic meets updated.Louisiana Oyster stew - Rich deep cream based soup with beautiful local oysters. Is there really anything else left to say?Onion Crusted Chicken Wedge salad - the chicken is hard-crusted with an onion infused breading in the panko style of fried foods. The salad itself was crisp and fresh and the blue cheese dressing made perfectly. Yum.Ole Saint burger - I don't normally order burgers because, to be honest, they rarely if ever meet the hype. Well, the Ole Saint burger is so good, I'll actually drive into town just to have another one. It is absolutely in my top 5 all time burgers list.  What makes it so scrumptious is the creative balance of flavors that congregate with an interesting marriage of meats - the patty is made of ground chuck, short ribs and brisket! WHAT!? Yes, you heard me. A triple play! Place that in between a brioche bun with smoked applewood bacon, swiss cheese, crisp oyster mushrooms and red onion and you have a taste bud festival that even your mother would recommend.Lastly, the desserts. Before I comment here, let's just say that I don't really like desserts much since they are normally way too sweet and jacked up, but man, the strawberry shortcake dish here? A warm crusted southern biscuit with not-too-sweet homemade whipped cream, ice cream and freshly cut strawberries? Mmmmhmmm. We also had the bread pudding which, while sweeter than the shortcake choice, was just how I remember my grandmother's to be. Old school texture and flavor in a modern bowl.Chef Tees has proven that his culinary experience and resume has gone to good use. A definite feather in the Crescent city's dining cap.The service here was also great and I was, quite frankly shocked by that since new places tend to be a bit of a whirlpool until the server vortex settles and the management reins in new personnel from the weeds. Yet, both of my servers here were very good. Timely. Friendly. Polite and non-invasive. Ole Saint is definitely a place to put on your foodie list and if they keep this up, you'll be hearing more about them in the future.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/13/2014,76,176,4,13,5>Oh. My. Gosh. This place is beyond exciting!!! I walked in after taking my son to the children's museum and when I tell you there are so many choices here it's crazy, there are so many choices here it's crazy!!!!! Lol 12 different flavored cupcakes and the buck doesn't stop there. They have thrown my idea of what a cupcake was completely out of the window! Each cupcake has a different theme, the Oreo cupcake is a chocolate cupcake with Oreo cream frosting; the strawberry shortcake cupcake is a strawberry cupcake filled with live flowing REAL strawberry filling and a light and creamy gonachè   (Sp?) frosting. Not only do they have cupcakes, they have mini macaroons, cheesecake bites, chocolate dipped delights, coffee. And the best part is everything is baked here fresh!!! The staff is very friendly and helpful. Super cute boutique looking store, a few tables inside and out so you can meet with people and enjoy all they have to offer!! This place has it all, and they design wedding cakes, birthday cakes, cupcakes. I mean it's got a little bit of it all. And with the friendly staff you're sure to make the right choice! Def. Going to continue stopping in to see what new things I can try next!!! (& I'll be telling all my friends)
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,4/12/2014,84,153,4,9,6>Well what is there to say about Willie Mae's that hasn't been said a billion times before, it's the truth! I've been here quite a few times in my life as a born and raised New Orlenian and what you can expect from this place is ultimate greatness on a platter. I mean, 3 pieces of chicken that God would permit a slapping after eating and your choice of a healthy serving of a side for ten bucks?! CUT. IT. OUUUT (Joey voice). Really tho, this place has been sent here for us, yes sent, it's out of this world. It's always nice when i can get in there before lunch hour and nab a table, in n out quickly. All about timing ;). Definitely a must-go-to weather you're visiting, or local and...well, i don't have to tell the locals a thing. Stop in, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/11/2014,36,180,3,9,7>Mr. Link has done it again!  The decor is Southern chic.  Nice big bar that's well attended.  The craft cocktail selection could be a little better, but the wine selection is good.  I ate NYE dinner here.  Seventy-five dollars per person got us 4 course plus an amuse bouche.  The amuse bouche was a seared sea scallop in a delicate creamy butter sauce.  Perfect jump start to the meal.  It really set the tone.  I started with the red snapper ceviche.  The guy seated next to me SHARED his portion with us because he was so in love with the dish.  Actually, that's why I choose it.  My pic does not do it justice.  It's Southern sushi. Genius!  I ate the whole thing!  Also most licked the bowel it was so yummy.  Second course I choose frog's legs.  Perfectly crispy, crunchy, delicate frogs legs with just enough acidity balancing the dish out.  Check my pic it will make you drool.  Next the fried whole fish with ramps and cabbage.  WHAT was I thinking?!  I ordered whole fish to eat for myself.  Must have been the wine.  I ate as much of this divine dish as I possibly could.  The meat fell off the bones.  No prob dealing with the bones meaning it was perfectly cooked.  They served it swimming, ha, in a beautiful sauce adding a little more moisture but not making it soggy.  Finally, the goat cheese doughnuts.  By the time I got them I was stuffed.  Also, our new friends next to use insisted we take a bite of their chocolate cake.  How nice of them!!  I'm glad I didn't order the cake because I would have eaten the whole piece which means my night would have ended right there.  The doughnuts looked to tasty I had to take a few bites.  Well worth it.  Creamy goat cheese with sugar and drizzled honey.  Not overly sweet, but just enough to satisfy the desire at the end of the meal.One thing I didn't like... when we finished our bottle of wine one of the runners grabbed my wine glass and ran off.  Didn't even ask if we wanted another bottle!  Grrrrr... not right.I've been here a few times.  Haven't tried the oyster bar yet... YET!!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,4/10/2014,115,336,8,10,9>I just had an extreme craving for a reuben and when that happens, watch the hell out. Like, get out of my way when I'm hungry and want some certain thing. I will run a bitch over (kidding! sort of).So I take off down Magazine and I realize there is a parade so I can't get through. I have an appointment in one hour and I'm not skipping the sandwich dammit. So I am screeching the tires in my awesome '03 Honda Civic through the streets of New Orleans to get to Stein's and get my effing reuben. When I finally got it, it was as good as I anticipated. A+++++ this sandwich just so freakkkkking delicious. Just as good as I remembered and as good as I built it up to be. It is perfect and just perfectly melted together and uhhhh I could go on.In a po-boy town, I have to say this is probably the most delicious sandwich I've eaten here. Sorry guys!The place sort of surprised me on the inside, it's a deli but it's in the running to be classified as a liquor store too. ha! A lot going on in here. Kind of chaotic but in a cool way. They have lots of funny signs and interesting shit on the walls. Including a sign that says something like 'staring at us won't make your sandwich happen any faster'. HA!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,4/9/2014,257,566,5,10,7>This place is absolutely huge. I've driven past the Convention Center a million times since moving to New Orleans, but had NO IDEA it was that big.I attended the National Automobile Dealers Association (NADA) Convention & Expo last weekend, since it was being held in NOLA. Luckily, I wore flats, because this was not something that could have been done in heels. Expo downstairs, workshops upstairs, lots of friendly & helpful staff directing traffic throughout.While I don't have much to compare it to, this is a great venue for NADA, and probably for any large convention or trade show. My only real complaint is the line at the Starbucks kiosk, regardless of what time of day. Maybe they need to expand. Despite the number of Starbucks gift cards that I won at the expo, I could never wait in line that long for a cup of coffee.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,4/8/2014,128,106,1,14,9>Kind of hard to get to and thus under-crowded, Sahara Cafe has proven to me to be the hands-down best Mediterranean cuisine on the west bank and a strong contender for top ten in New Orleans. The service is excellent and the felafel is the best i've had since mahmoun's in NYC. I find the hummus and babaganoush to be a cut above average as well. Definitely a spot worth finding if you live on the west bank.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,4/7/2014,63,212,2,7,4>i'm with Daryl P. on this one - best pho broth i've ever had.  Lilly's spring rolls are unique and very good; however, i would recommend getting them when strawberries are in season - i could hardly taste them in the rolls i had today.  the staff is very friendly and as busy as they get, the service never suffers.  great meal on a cold day.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,4/6/2014,117,201,6,13,8>A fantastic hidden gem of a park on the westbank.   It is so nice, wide open area, lots of room for activities ;-)I frequent this place for a aircooled Volkwagen car club annual event.  At this event, we rent a pavilion that has running water and two charcoal bbq pits, with a near by clean restroom, while the whole area is peppered with bbq pits.  There is paved parking adjacent to the pavilion and a choice of 6 pavilions. Each is identical except for the view. During the summer months there is a wave pool the family can play in.  I never been in there but I have seen it and its almost empty most days. Sort of a hidden pool.There used to be cabins to rent but thanks to a storm whose name I will not mention, those cabins were destroyed. Its only $1 to enter and a fantastic place to go parking, necking, or eating a Mo's pizza by your lonesome without being judged by onlookers wondering if your gonna eat the table cloth too and drink all the root beer out of the dispenser and use all the crushed ice.   There is a few monkey bars in here for the kids and the speed limit is enforced with a bunch of speed bumps and park rangers on 4 wheelers.  Nice and safe environment that should be enjoyed for no reason at all but to get away from the hustle and bustle.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,4/5/2014,526,986,6,18,7>Kind of a weird way to describe it, but I would almost label this place "Vietnamese fast food".It's a small place located right inside the Hong Kong market. There's a counter where you can order and a couple of tables and chairs.I stopped in because I heard through the grape vine that they have an avocado smoothie here and avocado smoothies are my new obsession. Went right in and ordered. I like that you have the option of getting your drink without the tapioca balls (my choice). The smoothie was a really good size for $4.75 and full of flavor. You could tell that it was really fresh. Pro tip: I noticed that as the drink warmed to room temperature the avocado taste was a lot more rich, so don't be so quick to gulp it all down in the first few minutes.They also serve small banh mi sandwiches, which are a steal at $3 each. That's why I labeled it "fast food", because you can get a quick little bite for cheap.I'll definitely be back and I'll probably get some sandwiches when I return.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/23/2013,87,388,2,7,6>We stayed here at the Monteleone for a mini staycation over Christmas Eve with some friends.  We were greeted in our room by a bottle of wine and wine glasses.  (They knew how to catch my attention.)  The rooms were classy and clean.   My wife fell in love with the high ceilings with the beautiful crown molding.  Our beds were comfortable.  Morning coffee and tea was from a Keurig coffee maker.  The Monteleone may be a stately old hotel, but there was an iPod docking station in the room.  Before we headed out for dinner, we spent some time by the roof top pool, enjoying the view of the river with a glass of wine.  As expected, the staff was helpful and friendly.  As you leave the Monteleone, you are on Royal Street amidst all the antique stores.  I still think whistfully about that half million dollar antique French dining room set in the window of the store across the street from the main entrance.  Not that I could ever afford it.  It wasn't an everyday sight for leaving a hotel.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,5/22/2013,78,67,3,5,3>Some places simply lend themselves to ease.They beacon for you to pull up a chair, relax with friends and watch the day slip languidly by.Cake Café is this type of place.Now mind you, there will be a wait for a table, but you won't even mind that.The food is very homey, with a beautiful flavor, and just the right serving size so you areNeither too full, nor still hungry.Afterwards, take a long walk through the neighborhoods, and soak in the real NOLA feel.Yes my friend, if you find yourself hungry on a lazy Sunday morning, Cake Café is the place to Rest your already lazy Nalgas.Try it, and let me know if you concur..Stay Big, Stay Easy, and never forget..Who's your Daddy?B.E.D.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,5/21/2013,126,102,3,10,6>The name of this place is either Pete's or Out in the Cold. I think they use both depending on the mood so I just put both in the name.We found this place on a Sunday of exploring bars we'd never been to. We were in the Milan Lounge and their bartender told us about Pete's and how, like the Milan, you need to ring a doorbell to get in. So we went. They don't make bars like this anymore. The outside is nothing, I thought we had pulled up at somebody's house. We walked up to the door and got buzzed in. Kevin, the bartender/owner used to be a fireman and his hats were hanging up behind the bar. The rest of the patrons were older straight-up locals, just chillin' and watching basketball on one of the TV's. There are a couple of card tables and a jukebox but it wasn't playing at the time.Kevin started telling us about the history of Pete's (It opened in the 30's) and how he bought the bar from Pete just before he died. Kevin's dog (I forget the name) hangs out at the bar and would come out from the back every so often.They serve frozen pizzas if you're hungry and there's a window at the end of the bar that kids can knock on and buy candy for $0.50 (I know, right???). The big kids can buy beer.Pete's is CHEAP! I got a mixed drink and my husband got a beer and it was ~ $8. They don't skimp on the liquor, either. That drink was strong. The bar is beautiful - old, dark wood everywhere and simple decor. It looked like a few of the pubs we'd visited when we went to Ireland a few years ago. There's also some video poker machines.I loved Pete's. It's totally legit. Nothing fancy, just laid back, local, authentic. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,5/20/2013,52,98,14,15,10>The Corner Pocket is a New Orleans institution. It's a dive bar with one pool table and a stable of young dudes dancing on the bar in their underwear for your dollars. Most of these boys are slim/smooth twink-y types, but a few boys are older and a little more "rough trade" looking if that's your thing. I'm going to hazard a guess and say that more than 3/4 of the dancers are some form of "gay for pay," so don't mistake their attention for anything authentic. Make sure to get a bunch of singles from the cash-only bar and tip the boys well. They will treat you very special for a few minutes or come down off the bar and hang with you. Unfortunately, the claustrophobic nature of the bar precludes any "private dance" rooms, so a lot of the higher-priced hijinks end up happening outside the bar where you are basically at the mercy of some very clever little hustlers. Be warned. Still, a really great place to hang out in the Quarter if you've got a little bit of cash and you want some penis in your face.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,5/19/2013,21,119,3,16,5>I can't believe that I'm not the first person to write a review for this place- they just opened today! Anyway.....We came here for dinner tonight on opening day and I have to admit that I really was not expecting much because, well, things often go wrong on a first day. We live right around the corner and the moment I saw the stickers for "Pho" go up on the windows I took to passing by often to try and figure out when this place would be opening.The Hours- They are open Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday from 11 AM - 9PM, Friday and Saturday 11 AM - 10 PM and on Sunday from 11 AM - 3 PM. They are closed on Monday. I also believe they are closed from 3-5 every day.The Decor-The place is fairly small with about 4 or 5 regular tables that will fit 2 - 4 people, 2-3 high top tables that fit 4 people, and a bar with about 7-10 chairs. The decor is modern and cute with nice colors and simple decor. It feels very cozy and clean, which I like a lot. There is a TV, which I don't like at all. Outside they have several silver tables with comfortable bright colored chairs. These tables will fit 4 to 6 people.The Food-Their menu is simple like their decor. They have "sliders" as a starter option which is something a little unusual and tasty. These are 2 steamed buns which are kind of flat like a taco shell (but thicker) and they are filled with meat, cilantro, carrots, cucumber and with a little sauce. They are similar to mini sandwiches and are tasty. They also have the usual fried spring rolls-but at a great price $3 for an order of 2. They also have a nice selection of Fresh Rolls, including the inventive "New Orleans Roll" ($4.00 for 2) which is a fried spring roll wrapped in a fresh roll. My comment upon trying this was "genius!" and my partner's comment was "weird!". I thought the combination was really tasty and I love that now I don't have to decide between the Fresh Rolls and the Spring Rolls! We also tried the Pork Fresh Rolls ($4.00 for 2) and they were divine. I have been a fan of Magasin, but these blew those out of the water! There was a lot of pork in them and the pork had a lovely Lemongrass flavor. The peanut sauce was also perfect. They have other rolls such as Shrimp and Avocado and Tofu as well.For the main meal I had a Tofu Po Boy Sandwich ($4.00) and my partner had the roasted chicken sandwich. YUM!!! YUM!!! YUM!!! My sandwich was craveably perfect! The bread was fresh and crispy on the outside, soft on the inside just as it should be. The fresh veggies were plentiful and included Carrots, Cilantro, Cucumber and thin slices of hot pepper and the sauce was yummy-savory and sweet at the same time (what is that and how do they make it???!). My partner is quite picky and he devoured his sandwich. He thought it was way better than any others we have tried in the area. I did not take a bite, but I could see that it was shredded chicken and it had been marinated in a soy base of some sort. It was a nice large size and a steal at $4.50. Other items on the menu were the usual Pho Beef and Chicken soups, Bun (vermicelli noodles with fresh veggies and meat on top), rice dishes, a Lemongrass Tofu dish and I'm sure a few items I'm forgetting. I don't believe that they serve any Alcohol. As an update, I have now also had their Vegetarian Tofu Pho and it was delicious and filling with a good amount of veggies and tofu as well as a flavorful broth.We left there stuffed and only $26 out of pocket including drinks and a tip. In short- recommended!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/18/2013,122,39,4,12,3>Now this is what I'm talking about! I was caught in a pinch for the Barkus parade. You know how parking and whatnot can be - a real headache.A pedicabber named Easy E (or maybe it was Ryan?) saved the day. Truly. He loaded up a cooler full o'drinks and other things straight from my car trunk and took me (and a days worth of drinks) right up to the parade route. It was that easy. No headache, no backache.This was my second or third time catching a pedicab with Need A Ride and they are now my fav way to get around downtown for events.  I recommend. Ask for Ryan Eavey or Kyle Ruggieri.  You'll have a great view  (oh la la!) and they'll treat you right.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,5/17/2013,242,340,4,11,8>I normally find this place over-priced but I really wanted a salad and only had ten minutes left on my lunch break. I pulled up the door nine months pregnant and craving a spinach, walnut, strawberry salad with poppy seed dressing. I had no idea whether or not they served it but decided to press my luck. I walked in the door and was greeted by a hostess. I am used to other locations that are more order-at-the-counter oriented but the hostess directed me to the to-go pick up window to place my to-go order. I was pleasantly surprised to find the exact salad that I was looking for one the menu. It came with chicken which I didn't really need. Would have liked the option of leaving that off to try and get my meal under $10 but I wasn't quite that lucky. Anyway, I ordered the salad and began the countdown because like I said, I only had 10 minutes. While I waited, I noticed a Yelp quick tip noting FREE SOFT SERVE so I wobbled off of the waiting couch and wandered around the dining room in search of a cone. Found it across the room and munched on free goodness while I waited. I'm not sure exactly how long it took but I was pleased with how quickly the salad came out. Couldn't have been a better scenario since I was actually glad the salad had chicken on it once I got back to the office. Five stars for fulfilling a pregnancy craving in a hurry.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,5/16/2013,235,222,,15,11>I'll start this long overdue review by stating that Children's Hospital saved my infant son's life in April this year.  Born at East Jefferson General Hospital, my son was quickly transferred to Children's Hospital New Orleans (CHNOLA) with a life- threatening illness.We found ourselves in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) and I can honestly say that this is one of the best units in the hospital. Our son was immediately assessed and within a few hours, was already being tested to diagnose his condition.  Within 8 hours and after a host of tests, our son was diagnosed and assigned a neonatologist, 3 separate specialists and a nurse. His treatment began immediately and we spent nearly a month in the NICU.  Parents are allowed to stay at their child's side with the exception of shift changes from 7:00-8:00 am and 7:00-8:00 pm.  I hope no parent ever has to experience what my wife and I felt, but looking back now, we can honestly say that the NICU is the best unit unit in the hospital; and we have visited many of the clinics there for his follow up visits.We spent every single day with our son and got to personally know every doctor and nurse assigned to him for the day.  It takes a special doctor or nurse to work in the NICU, and the nurses are like angels.  The NICU nurses, for lack of a better term, are like surrogate parents to the sick children they care for.  It is more than a job to them.  Watching them care for my son and his roommate (most NICU rooms are double occupancy), I quickly learned that the nurses are totally committed to their patients.  Many of the children in the NICU are from cities across the state and some parents can only come to visit on the weekends as they have to work to pay their bills. But the nurses hold them and rock them and talk to them as if they were their parents.  Seeing them in action is a humbling experience, but an experience I hope that none of you ever experience.We have only had to visit the E.R. twice and it is a top notch facility.  However, there are so many patients waiting to be seen (every day) that the wait can easily exceed 5-6 hours.  What's worse is that many of the patients and their parents are coughing and possibly spreading germs throughout the E.R.  If you do find yourself in the E.R., I would suggest waiting in the hallway with your child while he/she is waiting to be seen.  Hopefully you can avoid leaving with an illness that you didn't arrive with.Once a patient is discharged from CHNOLA. they are often assigned to follow up visits at one or more of the hospital's many clinics. One of the most overworked clinic is the hemotology/oncology clinic.  If you ever find yourself a patient of this clinic, make sure you bring at least 2 or 3 extra bottles for your child as the wait time from checking in, to triage, to lab and then being seen in the clinic can easily exceed 6 hours.  Everyone there on their staff is very nice.  However, the staff is completely overworked and booked solid from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm.  Do yourself a favor and book the earliest appointment you can.  You'll be glad that you did.On a more positive note, I have nothing but great things to say about both the occupational therapy clinic and physical therapy clinic.  Both clinics are appointment only and if you are late, you are not allowed at all to infringe upon the next patient's time slot; which is the way it should be.  The therapists are are great and are truly excited and enthusiastic about their jobs; and it shows.Many of the patients in CHNOLA are there for a long time, and ther parents often spend time in hotels occasionally so that they can spend more time with their child without having to go home.  The CHNOLA cafeteria offers deeply discounted meals to parents of admitted patients, and we spent a solid month eating breakfast, lunch and dinner there.  It's just a small way for the hospital to offer something back to the parent, and the food is actually quite good.I gues the best thing about CHNOLA is the attitude of the staff.  Overall, everyone is extremely nice and sympathetic to your needs.  Most parents are already in a fragile state and the staff recognizes this and does their best to accomodate you.  The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the extremely long wait times in some of the clinics.  Hopefully through the yearly telethons, donations and possiible government assistance, the hospital can obtain the necessary finding to increase its staffing relative to its patients needs.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2013,5/15/2013,68,72,2,5,4>Thanks to a club that I am a member of hosting a luncheon here, I had the pleasure of having lunch at Atchafalaya for the first time.  Although we had a pre fixe menu, I was so pleased with both my salad appetizer and entree.  I ordered the Shrimp and Grits out of Red Beans, Oyster Po'Boy and Pasta...and I'm soooo glad I did!  The Shrimp and Grits were delicious!  Very tasty with just the right amount of everything.  There were even chunks of bacon in the mix.  Wonderful addition!  I'm really looking forward to returning for brunch (which I hear is yummy) or dinner and trying out some other options on the menu.  I'll definitely return.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,5/14/2013,12,113,2,8,6>I was looking through the YELP reviews trying to find something interesting to try.  I  stumbled onto "Chef Ron's Gumbo Stop".  I think my search was focused on corny names.  Anyhow, based on the good reviews, we stopped in on a Saturday evening.  Easily the best decision I made all week.The food was awesome!The "Stop"  is located in a strip mall just north of the I-10 Causeway cloverleaf.  There is a well lit sign on the east side of the cloverleaf.  If you are coming from I-10 you have a choice, You can make an illegal u-turn, dive into the right lane and pull up to the front of the restaurant.  The faint of heart can make a legal left turn, make the next two lefts and pull right up next to the strip mall .This is a relatively small place.  Maybe 20 seats, a couple more at the bar. Decor stretches the boundaries of eclectic.....  We obviously missed the dinner rush, I think maybe 3 - 4 people were seated when we arrived.  We sat right next to the mermaid.  Service was quick and friendly.  Someone I assume is Chef Ron was out a couple of times to check on us.  Nice, polite but not clingy - no war stories or life histories.  Interesting that he assumed we were from out of town (must be worldly demeanor and classic good looks).  When he found out we were from Destrehan, he commented that "he loved to get locals in".Down to the food - nothing short of great.  All the reviews raving about the seafood gumbo is absolutely accurate. The turkey wrap was enormous and stuffed full of real turkey.  My real find was the potato salad.  This is the best potato salad I have had in New Orleans.   $50 for 2 including drinks and tips.  I'm excited about going back and trying some of the other sides.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,12/8/2012,44,123,4,7,3>Despite my inclination to punish this place for being too "trendy" and too "NY" I will put all my prejudice aside and rate it fairly.Living on Freret St. for a whole year I only visited this place two or three times--and that was for happy hour.  I am not a "fancy $13 cocktail" type of guy, but the main reason I never went was that it annoyed me they didn't put their name on their business.There are some clubs in NY that "you just have to know" about in order to actually go there.  I'm not into dress codes and snobbishness, but when I finally did step foot in here--at least for happy hour, I was pleasantly surprised.The bar is stunning and has more tinctures full of bitter/extracts than a 19th century traveling medicine man.  The happy hour drink list features half a dozen $5.00 cocktails and they are all crafted meticulously with the care of a more expensive beverage.  I've tried Sazerac, martini, Pimm's cup, and a few of my friends' fancy concoctions and they were all ACE!The back patio is a good way to escape the extremely dark interior and there are some tables you can apparently Reserve because we were less than kindly asked to vacate one for another group.If dressing fancy and delicately quaffing fancy top shelf delights is your cup of tea you probably already know about Cure because you are just so damn fancy.If pubs, taverns, dives, and beer gardens are your thing--go at least once and try something you have never heard of just for novelty sake.  They really do make a preternatural cocktail.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,12/7/2012,87,52,3,7,4>My New local Crush:Bellocq is just THAT spot for a formal or informal hangout that makes you feel like you''ve escaped to NYC! Every drink the bartender made me was yum to say the least. Lemon drop was especially my fav. The assortment of cheeses are intense and tastastic. I also  sampled the french fries which were tender and paired with honey mustard sauce. A great 1st date spot because of the romantical vibe. C you soon Belloq!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,12/6/2012,156,134,5,7,9>Another lunch date with my favorite New Orleans foodie. I'd been wanting to try this place for a while. We arrived around 4:30pm on a Thursday. The place is not large and at this time of day it was not packed. It has the feeling of a butcher shop; because it is. Being my first time there, we asked the guy behind the counter for suggestions. He was nice & knowledgeable. What we had this time:Charcuterie plate: various cured meats; changes daily(the pickles are awesome)Pork Belly Sandwich w/chipsPancetta Mac n CheeseBeer:Lazy Magnolia Southern PecanLemme tell you: I lost count of how many times I said "Mmmmm" or "Oh wow". This place is FANTASTIC; unless you're vegetarian. Then, it's not for you. As for me: I can't wait to return. Oink!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,12/5/2012,56,189,,8,3>Jefferson Variety has almost everything you need to create a fabulous, one of a kind costume-- glitter (sold literally, by the pound!), beads, an assortment of fabrics (including tulle, satin, velvet, and lace), feathers, sequined appliqués, beads, and so much more. You will need a bit of creativity and skill because nothing here is already made. I've stopped into Jefferson Variety twice in the past week to pick up supplies for my Yelp Halfway to Mardi Gras Ball costume. Both times the staff was very helpful. The ladies I spoke with provided helpful hints that I didn't even ask for, but very much appreciated. No, prices aren't actually listed on anything in this part of the store, however, once you find out what the prices are, they are very reasonable. Some of the sections of the store could be more systematic, so be prepared to do a little digging.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/4/2012,242,340,4,7,8>One of my top two restaurants in the city. Loved this place when we dined the night before my wedding and recently for a quaint lunch. For lunch they have an affordable prefix menu. I like the fact that you can mix and match the offerings on the lunch menu. If you want three dessert items, they are all yours. Susan Spicer never disappoints with amazing combinations of flavors. Feel free to take me here anytime.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,12/3/2012,139,94,6,7,7>My previous tint job was bubbling up in the back window. Which impaired me from seeing my way out back when I drove. I was recommended here by my moms boss. They're customers out at the food joint she works at. Really sweet and cool guys. I called and talked to a guy name Van during the week. We set up an appointment early Saturday morning for 9. I got a little lost and passed up the place due to the signage being gone from Isaac. Called and spoke to someone who kindly directed me back to the place. Van wasn't there when I showed up but the gentleman spoke to me and asked for my information. Then gave me the rundown of what tint was illegal for my camry. Not too long after Van and Vinh showed up and greet my dad and I. They reassured me that my side of the river isn't too strict on the tint as long as they can see inside.So we went with 20% all around. It took about a good 4 hours to do. I showed up and they surprised me with a Hello Kitty head on one of the side windows. I know others might have had an issue, but I really appreciated the thought. I mean if anyone saw the inside of my car they'd know I'm a huge HK lover. Told me they would have done the Monokuro pigs but they ran out of time. The tint is lifetime guaranteed and if I had any issues to bring it back right away to fix. I also liked that they put a neon green sticker over my window buttons stating not to roll down the window for how many ever days. I always catch myself when I reach down and feel the slip of paper. Overall, I will definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone who is looking to get their tint done.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,12/2/2012,17,111,2,11,6>Tujague's is an oft-overlooked classic New Orleans eatery / bar, over 125 years old.Having eaten there with family numerous times "in me youth", I hadn't been in several decades.We dined there Sunday evening.  It was every bit as wonderful as I recalled.  Had the "prix-fixe" six course offerings; filet for me and pane'ed veal for Wife.   Both delish and price very reasonable for such "fine dining" !The interior is unremodeled old N.O.  The food is unabashedly yuppie-chef-less !  Just classics, all done to perfection !I live here and am very familiar with ALL of the other area places.  If one wants classic old "N'Awlins", this is IT.  Others should go to their usual chain places.Notice the addresses of those others who give negative comments.Please, please spend one evening meal here; don't miss this fine dowager of classic N'Awlins restaurants........
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,12/1/2012,91,251,,5,3>Vine & Dine is a great little neighborhood find! Excellent wine selection, with cheese, salads & creative entrees to compliment your favorite glass or bottle. All of that, combined with friendly service, fair prices & a casual, relaxed vibe (nothing fancy, here), will keep me coming back.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,11/30/2012,120,138,1,9,5>What a cool place! I was avoiding going here because I heard it was overpriced. Also, I was hoping for a Trader Joe's to open here instead. My brother was in town for a visit and suggested that we go. Wow, was I surprised at how much I liked it! It's similar to Whole Foods, but doesn't sell all the vitamins or homeopathic items.The stores is set up with a nice overall feel to it. (The parking is a little iffy...but, I'll let that slide.) There's a bakery, gelato and dessert bar, a very large meat and seafood counter and a good-sized produce area. They offer over 20 different kinds of coffee beans, even Peet's Coffee! I was thrilled to see that they carry my favorite tea as well.Upstairs, they have a wine and liquor area. There are also tables upstairs to eat there.Most of the staff I encountered the two times we went there were very friendly also. I will definitely be coming back here.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,11/29/2012,122,39,6,11,8>When you get that unanticipated urge to hide from everything, watch Lifetime movies, and day drink in silence with your neighbors - head to Marie's! Cheap drinks, Bloody Mary's, and a not-to-shabby beer selection. (they carry fun little things like Anchor Steam and Crispin on top of the regular beer varieties) I've never been inside here at night (yeah, I'm a Certified Day Drinker) but there is usually a gaggle of regulars hanging out and sometimes reminding me to slow down on my bike. They're good neighbors; I always forget about that stop sign.Oh, and I still have no clue where the bathroom is. So be prepared to hold it.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,4/22/2011,152,91,4,7,5>My girlfriend surprised me with a visit here on my birthday along with some friends and oh lord did we have a blast (no pun intended)! The arcade was fun but never dished out the correct amount of tickets and some machines ate my coins, but the staff corrected these issues promptly which was not typical of these types of establishments so that was awesome. The lazer tag was of course my favorite, what a great arena, and my second favorite... they sell BEER! I have yet to go to a kid oriented place like this where you can purchase beer and this was the cherry on top of the whole experience. I may have just turned 25 but I still love mini golf and the like so I enjoyed this venue being both kid AND adult friendly.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,4/21/2011,166,165,6,7,4>You know how when you're out to dinner and chatting it up and drinking your wine and the food comes and you're still yapping and then you take that first bite of food and everything just ceases... you pause and revel in the moment. You forget what the conversation was about. You forget you were even talking. And you allow all the luscious flavors to swim laps over your taste buds. it's glorious! You feel triumphant! Like you picked the best dish off the menu! Well, Boucherie was not that. At least not for me. I dined here for dinner on a double date last Friday night and I was pretty excited since so many yelpers gave it such rave reviews. While I wasn't disappointed, I wasn't super impressed either. Don't get me wrong, I truly enjoyed my experience, the food was excellent (but not knock your socks off) and I will undoubtedly recommend it to others. It's a pretty small house-converted-to-restaurant. The tables are a bit close together and you end up knocking chairs with other diners. Lighting is too bright for it to be romantic. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and attentive and we even had the owner stop by to help us pick out a bottle of wine. Oh and the corking fee is only $5! This alone will ensure that I return for another meal!The small plates are all under $10 and the large plates are $15. I can't think of another nice dining establishment that can match these prices. Overall, this is the best bang for your buck type restaurant.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,4/20/2011,425,213,2,8,6>Il Posto Cafe has me hooked. It's an adorable little Italian pressed sandwich shop that is doing everything right and is delightful to visit.I like that it's in a residential area and not crammed up against other shops. The inside is painted a clean white and has photos of Italy. The food is fresh and reminds me of my family's cooking. The bruschetta is just how my grandma would make. The caprese sandwich had a lovely mozzarella and a rich basil pesto (and tomato) inside a crusty warm bread. The pressed sandwiches are about $9 and change, but they're big, come with a salad, and have such quality ingredients that i'm sure the markup isn't too high. I haven't tried the espresso or the soups yet but i'll be back as often as I can to do so.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2011,4/18/2011,25,90,3,11,9>BYOB for now. Long wooden tables more suited for a group outing than an evening for two. I loved the decor, it was bright and full of vintage-style art. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt on service because we went within an hour of close.Veggie burgers are notoriously tough to nail, especially at a place focused on delivering quality ground beef product.  Props to having one made in-house.  Wish they'd let us sub fries with veggies, soup, sweet potato fries, or any of their other tempting sides.  Too bad because at $5-6 per side, you really don't sample a lot.Overall it's clear the kitchen is putting out creative and quality dishes.  I'm sure I'll be back once they get their beverage service underway.  Seems like a great atmosphere to grab some drinks and/or dinner with a group.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,4/17/2011,160,294,7,8,6>Divine.  Lunch with some old friends here yesterday.  My first time.I started with a Jackson - a bacon infused bourbon schmancy drink.  Then embraced the appetizer of some crazy pasta, sweet potato maybe, and schmancy sausage.  Next plate was the succulent pork confit; I became a member of the clean plate club.  Lastly, beignet balls and mocha pudding.  Slobber slobber slobber.The service was excellent, not too stuffy and very attentive.  The location has been a myriad of restaurants in the last 5-10 years.  I hope Coquette survives the curse of operating an upscale dining establishment here.NOTE: 3 course lunch, 20 bucks!  Beat that!
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,4/16/2011,102,210,5,10,7>Johnny from Little Tokyo has opened his own restaurant, Sake Sake.  Excellent, as only Johnny can produce. His ideas for sushi rolls are uncanny. Everything is fresh and delicious and reasonably priced. Go see Johnny and get excellent sushi and have a great time. Be sure to sit at the sushi bar where Johnny is and have a good chat with him.  Your face will be hurting you will be laughing so hard.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,4/15/2011,105,131,4,5,5>i volunteered at this fest and was working one of the drink booths so i didnt get to eat much. the LA 31 Boucanee smoked wheat bar was a very popular seller and many peeps were amused by the portable wine from Copa. i was fortunate to be working next to Antoine's 1 of New Orleans clasic restaurants where they were serving that  oyster poboy with a smear of liver pate and baked alaska. i was a happy girl.when i did get a chance to break away i bee lined to the Memphis Bbq vendor that was a very great choice on my part. my tastebuds were happy. those peeps from travelchannel  know their stuff when voting memphis as the best place for bbq.as for local restaurants i tried the fried eggplant with shrimp cream sauce from Chad's Bistro in Metairie those were soo good. i hope they participate in another fest soon if not i will have to make a trip to the restaurant in Metairie. at the emd of shift i was lucky enough to find the purple food truck from Boucherie was still serving. i was going to finally get to try them. i promptly ordered a smoked bbq poboy with pickled red cabbage man was it tasty. next year these guys should take part in Hogs4aCause cuz they would take home some trophies for sure.maybe cuz it was sunday so i didnt think it was that packed but great job organizers of this event. i love being able to try food from other states  while not having to book that plane ticket.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2011,4/13/2011,122,352,6,7,5>I was deeply in love with Clover Grill once. It was fun and exciting. So much so that I took a tshirt when I moved away and told people that if they visited this fair city (which I've since returned to), that they should look Clover up. That was then. It's been a long time since the fiery days of Ms Earl, and I feel that the magic is no longer there. The service has suffered in Ms Earl's absence and these days it's horrific and obviously preferential.  The food suffers too or at least it feels like it does. Perhaps in my memory I've sugar coated the past and it wasn't as good to me as I remember, but now it seems like a bad idea...unless I've been drinking a lot of whiskey.The decor is wonderful; it feels like a diner that's sort of slipped out of time (they used it in the Curious Case of Benjamin Button).  I keep going back and giving it another chance though, because I was in love with it once and i keep hoping it'll be great again.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,4/12/2011,83,254,2,7,6>Lola's has such a great atmosphere that even if the food sucked, I'd be hard pressed to give it a low rating.  While not all of the dishes sing, some are actually kind of boring, there are many that are really solid.  My favorite is the calamari, it's not those deep-fried things you get everywhere else.  Nope, it is a perfectly seared calamari steak with the most wildly addictive sauce.  Hint; If for some crazy reason you don't use all the sauce on your calamari app, keep it for entrees because you will likely elevate the deliciousness of everything else you have ordered with some of that.  Their garlic-almond soup garnished with grapes is also AHmazing and oddly refreshing but I made the mistake of eating it once when I was trying to be gluten-free and it failed.  Because the base of the soup is day old bread and I didn't know that.  Oops.I just went this past weekend and they had WHITE sangria in addition to their usual red.  Did they always have this or is it new?  Anyway, it's good and it's cheap and there is nothing like sitting outside on a perfect New Orleans evening, under the canopy of trees that is Esplanade, sipping on some of that juice.  And their almond ice cream is excellent.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,4/11/2011,61,97,4,5,5>This is the story of a girl denied rock n' bowl on an early Saturday eve.I don't normally give such a high rating to a place I've been only a mere handful of times, but I have to say, this place rocks.Last weekend my normal posse of awesome, hip, too intelligent for our own good, only mildly derisive, and totally ridiculous group of peeps headed to celebrate a birthday. Birthdays are a big deal. No matter if we're headed to our swarm over the back room haul at mick's or a dinner out or even this year's planed pie off for yours truly we rock it out. As far as we're concerned everyone deserves their own special day, & by special we'll throw you a surprise party complete with a cake of your face and & of that same face awaiting you in the dark confines of a backroom or dinner out at an expensive restaurant you've been dieing to try or even a mad hatter themed tea party with out of town surprise guests...it's your day...our day to celebrate you. Imagine the horror of showing up at rock n' bowl to be turned away by the words "it's a 5.5 hour wait."  What?  No not that we're special... but that we called 3 days in advance to make sure showing up at 5 was ok. We'd get a lane or 2, spend an exhorbitant amount of money on booze...and possibly some tasty treats...no deal.Considering the options someone brought up shamrock. I was curious having read the reviews od the wonderful yelp leading jessica and put my vote in for a yes. We called ahead & were told they'd open at 6 & we were welcome to bring our cake & our 12-15 people & enjoy ourselves at the site of the former (much more awesome...I swear it's not the bitter.  It's that the old venue kicked ass& every experience I've had at the new is not nearly as kickass) MID CITY rock n' bowl.  We made the call for a tailgate til the doors opened and walked in at 6.The stairs are the same terrifying steepness, just a brilliant shade of green.  The drerded dress code signs had disapeared. A lot has changed. There's almost a cavernous feel to the gaming area itself, the bar is in the same area, just wider & prepped with much more beer, the bathrooms have switched (ladies...we have a lounge. No joke. With deep couches and multiple tvs, low lighting &...mirrors in the stalls with individual mirrors & sinks ahead of said stalls....I can't get an answer for the guys I've been with about their new digs so once again I think we totally scored on the toiletry end of things), & the music sucked (soon rectified by the great selection on the jukebox).  We ordered up our drinks & I was cheered by the dive bar prices on my jack and coke.  Organizing our group failed so I & another friend handed over our ids & paid up for an hour on 2 pool tables.  This is where my deep & hopefully abiding love kicks in.  We're an eclectic group & occasionally over all drunken a.d.d. kicks in.  There was something for us no matter what.  The pool tables were far enough apart we weren't in any other tables' way, the ping pong tables were magically somehow intimate while still having the advantage of knowing someone wasn't gonna smack you in the face with a ball, the foozball was a great surprise, & the darts are math drunkproof.  Seriously... they have calculators & multiplication tables.....push a button & tada you're score is there.  I suck at all bar related sports, but I could totally see myself practicing til I'm a ringer here... or at least can't embarrass myself by throwing the cue ball onto the next table, beaning my partner with a ping pong ball, or smacking the lights with my darts.  I will try, as often as I can wrangle some people to come risk life & limb to play me.The bartenders were all super awesome about explaining the rules to us shamrock virgins & made a more than decent tasty beverage.Overall it ws a joyful time. To the point that a couple of people from work & I went tonight.  Imagine my joy at finding out they really did have my id that I just realized was missing. Rarely have I come back so long after to find it right at the bar. The ease at which they let us just go up and choose our darts was awesome.  I saw an ad for ufc on Saturday night that should thrill more than a few of my friends. I don't know what the cover is for bands, but they were setting up with us already there didn't ask us to pay cover (ahem....rock n' bowl).  And the space. This place is huge & at first we were horrified to think that they might not stay open for long enough if more people to come. Thankfully tonight & last week I noticed more people coming in.  So if you're one of those people get prepared to enjoy yourself.  Oh.. and give a girl a call if you're looking for someone to make you look awesome at bar sports....
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,9/21/2014,36,180,1,6,3>Love their new location!  They are a great addition to Canal Place.  If you're looking for  unique, well designed and good quality clothing and accessories, this is your place!!  I have many dresses from here that are still stylish and haven't fallen apart.  Don't forget to get your parking validated at the desk by Saks when you purchase something here or anywhere in the mall.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,9/20/2014,67,109,2,5,6>This is the most beautiful and classiest bowling alley I've ever seen.  However, I'm told by "real" bowlers that they wouldn't take their own bowling ball there because of the lanes and how they're oiled.  Since I only bowl 2-3 times a year at most, this means nothing to me!  If you want to go out with a group, this is definitely the place to try. I have been a few times and ordered off the menu and had what they were serving for private group events.  Everything has been good.  Favorites:  pimento cheese, fries, andouille tots & beef sliders.  I don't think I've ever tried any of their dessert items.  Parking downtown can be a pill so park in the Harrah's parking lot if you're going here.  One, their lot is cheaper than the other lots around and, two, if you gamble at least 30 minutes in Harrah's, parking is free for 24 hrs.  You must gamble with your players club card and then show your card and drivers license when you exit the garage.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,9/19/2014,76,153,3,9,8>I first heard about Big Easy sportsplex from a coworker that was working at Big Easy simultaneously. I'm not sure if he still works here, but Brandon Rousseve is definitely an amazing  personal trainer and baseball player!Anyway, I've been wanting to check it out since about 2011 when I heard the jaw-dropping words "indoor batting cages."  What could be better than an indoor place to play your favorite sports during our hot and humid summers? Of course, it would be even better if I had come when I could actually PLAY one of these sports; unfortunately, my injured wrist won't be permitting that anytime soon.Besides batting cages they have a baseball diamond, basketball courts, an indoor volleyball court, free weights, and a concession stand just to name a few things. From what I can see, it looks like they have some weight machines on the second floor. I'm guessing this might come with one of their fitness packages.Big Easy Sportsplex is definitely one of New Orleans' hidden gems. It's a great play to play indoors with a very fair price that won't break the bank. Thank you to the person who decided to create this great place! I can't wait to come enjoy it when my wrist is healed. In the meantime, I'll sit back, drink my icee, and watch my friends.I met Josh Tolbert towards the end of the night, and he gave me a mini tour. Thanks, Josh!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,9/18/2014,36,300,9,6,5>Dat Dog Dat Dog Dat Dog they made you out of meatDat Dog Dat Dog Dat Dog with a beer I shall eatSecond verse same as the firstSee Freret street review then add Magazine crowds and a credit card machine.  Second restaurant same as the first....and this is not a bad thing.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,9/17/2014,201,188,5,8,6>Imagine my excitement when I found out the owners of Tartine were opening up another brunch place! Tartine is one of my absolute favorite brunch spots, so I knew I needed to try Toast asap, and as expected, it did not disappoint! Thank goodness!  Like a true Yelper, I researched the menu prior to dining in and had an incredibly difficult time deciding on an entree. Everything sounded incredible. Upon arrival I decided to order an array of dishes for my sister and I. We ordered a scone, aebelskivers with lemon curd and jam, the prosciutto, Brie, and egg crepe for myself, the toast with avocado and egg and the chocolate and creme anglaise crepe for my sister.  Everything was absolutely decadent and perfect. I wish thy warmed the scone like they do at Tartine, but it was busy so that's understandable.  The prosciutto, Brie, and egg crepe had to be my favorite dish overall. I already adore prosciutto and Brie so adding an egg to anything just makes it a million times better. It was amazing to say the least. Sadly I was only able to eat half of it, which surprised me since I'm usually able to eat a whole crepe.  My sister and I have both become huge fans of Toast. I seriously can't wait to come back to try the much talked about Hangar Steak and the rest of the menu!  Everyone needs to try Toast soon! Be prepared for a wait!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2014,9/16/2014,467,256,7,7,6>Holy cake heaven Batman. I had my first Doberge experience the other day and I don't think I will ever be able to eat regular cake again.8 layers of cake and pudding will immediately bring out your inner fat kid. They have a bunch of dank ass flavors to choose from, and I doubt there is a flavor combo that would disappoint.These guys are super professional, and they seem to be really down to earth genuine people, who really care about what they are doing. I dare say you can taste the love in every bite!Warning: order your cake ahead of time (at least a week in advance. During Mardi Gras you are going to want to order wayyy ahead of time). Also plan on wearing pants with an elastic waistband.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/15/2014,68,132,8,14,10>The Abita Mystery House is--I'm just going to say it--my favorite museum I have ever been to. It's full of whacky oddities and collections of things you're not sure it's even worth it to collect, strange interactive exhibits and a giant trout/alligator, a house literally filled with hot sauces, a robot made of motherboards (my computer engineer dad got a kick out of that one), and thousands of things you never knew you wanted to see, and even after you've seen them you're not sure if it was a worthwhile experience but hey, it happened. I would absolutely recommend a trip here anytime and with any crowd--this is one of few places I've ever been that I'm pretty sure would appeal to literally anybody. You may love it, you may hate it, but you're certainly going to have some feelings about it. As a bonus, there's $3 admission (that's a bargain for certain) and the coolest gift shop I've ever seen. Again, full of oddities, some things seemingly unrelated to what's actually inside the museum except that they follow the theme of "random thing that I guess somebody thought was cool but how did it end up here?" It's just far enough from where I live that I'm not really in a position to just hop over for a casual visit, but I absolutely look forward to taking anyone and everyone that visits to this incredible, wonderful, fantasmical place.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,9/14/2014,21,156,4,7,4>I'm in love. Yes, the neighborhood has changed; for the better I would say. The Franklin delivers an exciting alternative to area stalwarts, and ushers in a new era of sophisticated Marigny dining. Dark wood and elegant lighting set the stage for expertly crafted cocktails, a vivacious wine selection, and culinary treasures fit for the discerning crowd.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,9/13/2014,214,152,3,8,8>Very good, both of the times I have gone. The food is top notch. Extra credit for having customizable options (add tempeh, egg, cheese or even meat to anything for extra). I have had the breakfast sandwich, the tots (SOOOO GOOD, worth the $), and a salad. The menu is slightly confusing, as the blackboard has some items, but not all items, and a stained paper menu has more items. Perhaps make the blackboard for specials only (and put them online for us that order delivery) and have menus readily available in a rack/stack to us newbies in a line at the counter. Minus one star for the confusingness, and the fact that I have wanted delivery and was the caller was told "no" rudely. Who says no to a huge order, even if it is to the quarter? Don't offer delivery if you can't um.... deliver.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,9/12/2014,64,64,5,7,6>Angelo, I have a theme song/lyrics just for you: a-hem...me-me-me..."I'm totally devoted to youuuuuuuu!" I know, don't quit my day job ;-) This Italian bakery located for over 100 years in New Orleans mid-city neighborhood does sweets & treats better than any other in the city! I've begun to try various items (almond macaroons, rum rasin gelato) but I have my favorite (mini canoli, half chocolate half vanilla + a cup of coffee) and sometimes having your favorite over and over is an okay thing.I love to go at night, order my sweet treat and sit under the glow of the turn of the century light fixtures from the quaint metal table located next to the windows. I love to listen to families and friends chat & laugh from the almost always filled to capacity seating area. I love to arrive and see a line out the door with the friendly security guard directing traffic through the narrow double doors. In summary, I love everything about Angelo's!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/14/2013,125,204,3,12,8>OK, in most instances I find brew pubs to be rather overrated. However, that's not the case with the Old Rail.I'll start with the location - the designers did an excellent job with the faux-distressed brick walls (something that's often over done but actually works here).   The brewing apparatus add to the light industrial look but it works!  So...cool space!On to the food - it's damn solid for a brew pub!  The seafood salad totally rocked - really good shrimp, crawfish, and crab meat on a bed of fresh greens.  The dressing is outstanding.  A simple dish, yes, but very well executed.  The Pub Burger - one of the best in the NOLA metro area (maybe not THE BEST but up there).  But this is a Brew Pub folks - let's discuss the beer shall we?  Beer is an unfortunate casualty in many brew pubs.  Not the case here!  I have tried several of them - all excellent!  All have a good body, are well balanced, and the brew master shows great restraint in the addition of the hops (quite often, in my opinion, overdone in many microbrews.)  These are seriously good beers!The place can get a little loud (and very busy!) at times - but that's to be expected.  Service can be a bit slow at times (this is steadily improving so I'm not knocking them for it.)Bottom line:  When did you say that Pumpkin Ale was going to ready?  Let's be happy it's on the North Shore!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,12/13/2013,266,221,4,5,4>The Jefferson Parish Library is on West Napoleon Ave and really close to my house. I would drive by this building many times a week and wonder why it is so big. Why are there so many cars parked here constantly? Why is there is electronic sign outside announcing stuff all the time. So when the opportunity came for me and my sister to go one bored day and see what it was like we were both surprised.This library is pretty darn large for being just a parish library. When you walk in there is a little cafe at the side with coffee and drinks and snacks and small desserts or food. This is a little added touch that makes it cooler. Once you walk into the actual library there are books and books and more books! So large with a wide collection. The library is easily divided into its designated sections for easy search. Super clean and most people are friendly. Just watch out for kids that do not realize that you are supposed to be quiet. As  I was walking around I also discovered that there were many little rooms spread out. These are basically study rooms or private rooms to do work by yourself. Really great if you want to escape your house and people. This place is always hosting events and having movie showings or something as well. Now i just need to actually get a library card so I can checkout more books, my kindle wants more!!!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,12/12/2013,60,62,,9,7>How did I not know Korean food was this good before. I've had bits and pieces of Korean food, but never a whole meal. By far my favorite discovery was Bibimbap, a mixed rice dish served with vegetables, thin sliced meats and an egg on top. You just have to try it.  The restaurant use to be a Taco Bell, and it's not in a neighborhood I would expect to find authentic Korean cuisine.  For this reason I think a lot of people, including myself, avoided it.  I want to do my part to keep it there and busy.  GO! Have a great meal and tell your friends!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,12/11/2013,16,70,2,5,4>This place is fantastic! The instructors are sweet and helpful, the class is the perfect combination of challenging and meditative. All and all a wonderful experience. The only down side for me is the location. It just isn't easy for me to get here. Weeknights are tough because I'm fighting traffic, and Saturdays are fine, I only wish they had an earlier class because by the time the Saturday AM class gets out, and I get home and showered the day is half over.That being said, if you live in the general area, or even if you don't transform is lovely and peaceful. Do yourself a favor and go!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,12/10/2013,100,147,2,3,3>I love this place as much as I hate going to the regular post office. I've been mailing packages from Pack Rat for about a year now, so after yet another great trip there this morning, I knew it was time to write a review about my experiences with them. To begin with, every time I've gone in, I've been greeted with either a smile or a friendly hello, and my wait time to speak with the clerk has never been more than a minute or two. Best of all, they know what they're doing and get you in and out in no time! Today's entire trip took 8 minutes from the time I put money in my parking meter to the time I got back out to my car. Here's what the clerk was able to do in that amount of time:1) Find out my name & address, plus the addressee's name, address & other contact info.2) See what I had to ship, measure it, figure out the best box & packing materials to make sure it got to TX in one piece.3) Price out the best way to send the package overnight with guaranteed delivery, for the cheapest price. This included looking at different size boxes, different carriers, different timelines, and once she found the cost, she actually went back and did it all again with some subtle changes just to see if she could get me a better price (without me asking). This cut about $20 off of my final cost.4) Listen to me prattle on about how important that this present get to TX unharmed, and calmly show me exactly how she was going to pack it to make sure it didn't break in transit.In the end, the overnight fee for guaranteed delivery via FedEx ended up being roughly $40, which is what I'd expected. What I didn't expect was that she'd include all the packing materials and time to pack this sucker securely for just a couple of dollars more. All I had to do was bring the present in and hand it to her, and the piece of mind and time saved with her help in the process is easily worth double what I paid.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,12/9/2013,48,150,,9,6>Love love love! I went for lunch yesterday and dinner today. Infact this morning we even stopped by and got espressos to go. The food is amazing and very economically priced. The portions are large and you'll probably end up with a to go box. The coffee is also brilliant. I will most definatley be coming back. I can't believe this place has been here for over 2 years and I've wasted my time not eating here   If you are in slidell then you need to try this place.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/6/2013,12/8/2013,234,1331,8,9,4>Let's do the time warp again!!!  Whoosh on back to around 1970 and enter this eatery and you will probably see quite a few older folks that have been regulars here since at least 1970.  I've driven past this spot for many years and always wanted to get around to trying it but just never did until today.  The menu here is HUGE and includes almost everything you could think of relating to breakfast.  There is even a large selection of six different syrups: pecan, blackberry, blueberry, boysenberry, strawberry and regular.  They have a much more limited selection of sandwiches and hot lunch specials but their limited selection is the equal of most other restaurants complete selection.  Service is very attentive and your order is brought out extremely fast.  I'm not a fan of breakfast as I only will do brunch as it involves a lot more fun and about the only "breakfasty" things I like to eat are grillades and grits, shrimp and grits or steak and eggs.  The music would make any elevator proud and the only things that gave away I wasn't actually transported completely back to 1970 is that one of the soup specials was lentil and one of the hot lunch specials was chicken shawarma so I guess some Middle Eastern ownership has possibly had a slight influence.So the important things to remember about this place are that when you want a retro time warp experience they have chandeliers, breakfast and chicken fried/country fried steak.  They take credit cards but they only allow one check per table.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/7/2013,37,139,2,6,6>What a wonderful lil playhouse in a small town. Growing up here, there wasn't anything like this. It seats about 100 people. They serve wine, beer and water. Not a bad seat in the house. If you or someone you know is from South Louisiana, you or that someone will appreciate the plays here. All are usually about Cajun culture. You'll just "get it". I have a special appreciation for this place because my daughter has been in two productions. The one currently running, Torn Page is a must see. So funny, so touching and rather suspenseful. Check out their website for season tickets and upcoming shows.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,12/6/2013,58,253,3,6,5>I love seeing how big Freret Street Festival has gotten in the last couple years. Yay! We stopped by the Fest shortly after starting time this year, but a lot of the food vendors seemed to be getting a late start. It's all good, we got a bite to eat before we had to leave. Lots of Abita trucks around, which was great. Also, some of the volunteers were zipping around on these tiny cooler-keg-scooters, which kept making me laugh.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,12/5/2013,160,232,5,7,6>Do you long for the days when people had to key in the dollar amounts of your groceries not using a barcode scanner?Do you wish for a limited selection in a dinky little store that has wheel tracks near the register? How about a place where you can get your over the counter drug advice from the cashier? Well look no further. Cashio's Food Villa still bags all of your groceries in PAPER BAGS. (They come in many different sizes.)The BEST thing about this place is their Deli. Really, its just sandwiches handed to you over the meat cooler. Thats right cooler, not counter. Stop in about lunch one day and order a roast beef poboy. Be prepared to wait about 5 minutes. You will be waiting in good company. Local judges, police, dignitaries and slobs like me come here to get some of the best debris style poboy in the metropolitan area. I urge you not to take my word for it. Try it yourself. The side items that are conveniently located in the meat cooler are little delicacies in their own right. That's right, I love this place, located in Destrehan on River Road next to the bank. mmmm
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2011,7/11/2011,154,280,3,4,5>The setting sun filtered orange light through the slats of the blinds and onto our wooden, well worn table.  The skippy sounds of Dave Matthews danced around our heads and with my pint of strawberry beer in front of me, I felt entirely at peace.  Right now they have 3 different strawberry beers to choose from! I haven't found this anywhere else in town. Not to mention the cozy little nooks you can duck into and peacefully have a sun-down beer with no loudness, cigarette smoke, or distractions.  This place is extensive with extra long tables outside that are great for parties. It can get crowded but because of the way it's set up, it never feels too cramped or loud.. The decor is old, yet simple, and not too obnoxious or tacky.Even though there is smoking allowed, it also doesn't reek like most pubs. Maybe they have an expensive filtering system in perfect condition? Either way, it's so refreshing to stay for a few pints and not leave with clouds of smoke coming off your clothes.  I love it here, I love the parking, I love the choices of all the beers, I love the setup... In the summertime when the sun goes down, more often than not, you will probably see my bike parked outside of this fine establishment.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,7/10/2011,154,99,1,7,6>The best thing about this place are the bar tenders and staff that work here! I went here for a friend's birthday party during their Trivia Night (Mondays) and I had a blast. While it was really crowded, the atmosphere was friendly and people were having a good time with each other. The people leading Trivia were nice, loud, and funny! It also helps that they spoke with Irish accents; it made me feel like I was in a neighborhood bar in Ireland. While I watch my European soccer leagues at my house, I want to come back here to watch some matches. I heard it was a lively atmosphere during the World Cup so I expect the same for the UEFA Championship.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,7/9/2011,463,28,11,7,1>I love/hate this bar.The bad: It takes FOREVER to get drinks all the time no matter what's going on. Also I feel like this place is always having an identity crisis. The layout implies that they want to be a casual bar where people sit around and talk but the music is always insanely loud so everyone just ends up sitting close and yelling at each other. No big deal but if you're a little bar with tables why have a DJ?The good: My success rate for picking up girls I've met here is really good. Four stars for that.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,7/8/2011,105,131,,9,5>imagine you wake up in the morning to see your back window shattered in 2000 pieces that was me today.  i nervously called around to get quotes and see who could work on my car today. Safellite wanted $220 and the closest one to me was in Harvey.so i went to the web in search of this inexpensive place i knew my bro had got his windshield fixed once that was located near Walgreens on Clearview. this was the place i called and when the nice lady on the phone told me $160 and if I could come now. i was thrilled.  when you get there its your typical auto repair/glass shop but with friendly and affordable service. soo friendly in fact that my sister asked for a quote for her best friends car that suffered hail damage from weds thunderstorm.this place definately  turned my frown upside down!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2010,7/7/2011,425,213,9,7,5>At first you may be confused by what the Occasional Wife is offering. Basically, they are letting you pay for a housewife to get things done for you. No, not that stuff (pervert!), just the things that you wish you had six extra arms to accomplish in a day. The website says that this concept was thought up when a wife was talking to her husband about how they needed an extra person to be home doing the shopping, organizing their laundry, making to-do lists and checking them off. The name comes from a comedy show about a man who needed an occasional wife to make his life look complete for his business. Anyway, the front of the store houses cutesy nick-nacks like reusable shopping bags, rubber mug toppers for on the go hot drink drinking, ready made to-do lists, you get the picture. There's cute wall decorations and useful things like something to help you plug in your cell phone. The back are of the store has a huge desk and looks like a work area. This is where the two occasional wives get together and work to organize your life. I never have used their services, but the website says they can be hired by the hour to organize yor room, plan events, decorate for the holidays, shop for you, run your errands, etc etc etc, basically plan your life for you. They'll even help with moving/relocation and fund raise. The website actually says they will do anything that you do not have time for. Services cost $40 an hour. If you're not looking for someone else to come in and clean up your life for you, just stop by the store and pick up a cute "Dat Way" street sign. And get me one of those colorful ceramic cups with the lid so I stop throwing away paper cups and look cute too.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,7/5/2011,25,90,6,3,4>I have a problem with Creole Creamery.  And that problem is, whenever I drive down Prytania, I feel compelled to stop for ice cream.  Am I late for something?  Am I on the way to dinner?  Am I stuffed?  IT DOESN'T MATTER.Crazy flavors, perfect portions, and friendly service.  It's all good.  Too good.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,7/4/2011,100,207,4,3,4>Yes, I've secretly camped out in the kitchen...Went back (again) with another out of town friend who is vegetarian. She loves mac and cheese, so I had reason to go back...I got the BBQ Ribeye that came with a heaping portion of mac n cheese, grilled asparagus and four large fried onion ring slices. I ate everything except 2 onion rings...couldn't do it...not after eating half her veggie burger. Oh and the food was spectacular...dammit, I have to bring my niece here for  her birthday because she likes burgers and mac n cheese...Oh well, somebody has got to do it...I'll take one for the team and will be back again and again and again....you get the picture...
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/15/2011,7/3/2011,83,254,3,10,1>I feel like there are a lot of places popping up lately that are getting a lot of hype and I'm just not buying it quite yet.  Tartine, case in point,  has some good things going for it but it's also got some issues.What worked:  The house-baked bread is fantastic, it's got a really nice chewiness-crunchiness to it.  A+.  I love, love, love the salad with pecans and goat cheese and big, fat dried blueberries.  I wish I knew where they got those blueberries because the ones at Rouse's are shriveled and tiny.  The rillete was huge portion, it looked like six ounces of rillete, which for such a rich spread is a LOT.What didn't:  The outside is really cute but the inside felt like a cafeteria.  The specials board was posted below the counter (which made it invisible) yet the drinks were posted high up for all to see.  Please consider switching this around.  The rillete, although generous, was just okay.  It's light years better at Luke, although their service has gotten so bad of late I hate to recommend it.  The ham and triple cream cheese with fig mustard had no fig mustard and the triple cream was a thin, pre-sliced piece of mystery cheese.  The accompanying couscous (fregula?) salads had little flavor.  In addition to all that, we waited in line for several minutes and then over 35 minutes for our sandwiches and we didn't even go until 1:30.  I can't fault them for that, they were really busy and super nice but if you go, you might just want to call in your order ahead of time and take it to the Fly for a picnic
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,7/2/2011,160,294,3,6,6>Ever since its premiere in September 2006 I thought to myself, "This is going somewhere."  Over 4 years and oodles of vendors, musical acts, and fish tacos later, my reaction is the same.  Freret Market hasn't peaked; it just keeps getting better.  And yet, I am AMAZED at how many locals and neighbors have never been or even heard about it.Just go!  It's free, the music is free, and on fair weather days beating it with a stick is impossible.Tomorrow marks the annual additional December Saturday holiday edition known as Freret-stivus (read: Seinfeld's Festivus for the rest of us).  Go - and bring your neighbor.  And a couple of bucks (and your holiday shopping list) and support local vendors, artists, and area businesses.  It's the best way you can support your local economy.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,7/1/2011,0,9,17,8,13>The jukebox at Tchoup 45 could have been stocked by my grandmother, specifically for those nights when she had a couple too many Brandy Alexanders and started flirting with the busboy, had my grandmother been a whiskey drinker who hung out at country-themed drag bars in Norman, OK.It is, in other words, the greatest jukebox in the history of public houses.  On my last visit there were 9,987 credits on that baby just waiting to get spent.Darts? Check. Evan Williams and a pint for $4? Got it. Hedwig and the Angry Inch soundtrack right next to Rebirth and Hank, Jr. on the box? Were you not paying attention earlier?As Christine D. noted, it is also wildly smoky.  Impossibly smoky.  So smoky that, the next day and possibly for many days after (depending on how many fresh loofahs you own), you will smell like one of those creepy old people who chain smoke Merits with their cat and rheumy-eyed Jack Russell in their sketchy condo for decades on end.But no one ever said that entry to Jukebox Valhalla came without its cost.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,10/21/2014,21,86,1,7,5>Barrett S. and I rolled in here to pick up supplies for a costume. Perret's carries a varied selection of patches and pins from WWI and forward and (modern) uniforms for all the branches + police and fire fighters.The man working the counter wasn't terribly helpful but encouraged us come back the next day when the guy who knew everything about the patches and pins would be there.Scoping out the rest of the store they have very good selection of camping supplies and outdoor gear. I'm a geocacher so I picked up a few ammo cans to convert into caches on the cheap. All in all less expensive than the big box outdoor supply stores with a nice assortment of military stuff tossed in.Mommy notes: Packed store leave the stroller at home, carries kid tents and outdoor clothes
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,10/20/2014,58,144,3,7,4>I had a great experience with Asuka. Their online ordering is very straight-forward and easy to use. I placed an order and it was ready for pick-up in 15 minutes. They also deliver for free. (I didn't notice until writing this review, you can order right from Yelp! Cool!)I got a couple of pieces of tuna tataki sushi, a basic roll, seaweed salad, and miso. All of it was good, it definitely satisfied my craving. Next time, I will try some of their amazing looking specialty rolls.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/19/2014,160,232,10,14,11>I love this place. It is super clean. Picture an old school diner, super tiny with a couple booths and a row of genuine stools lining a counter.  You sit down, are greeted with the smell of fresh coffee and donuts and a "Good morning or afternoon", and you sit back and relax. You over hear old men tell lies and old ladies reminisce about the good ole days. You can watch middle aged people rush in for coffee looking harried and walk out with a smile and a hot fresh cup in their hands.  In the morning, you can see elementary school kids come in and press their little hands on the donut counter choosing their morning treasure with glittery eyes and their little squeaky voices, looking up at parents for approval to add that one more donut hole. If you are expecting a pretentious, overpriced dining experience here, then don't bother. The food here is fresh, simple and fairly priced comfort food. It comes out hot and fresh in a reasonable amount of time. Sure, it is not the most updated and trendy place, but I feel confident in the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the cooking area. The most comforting part is the atmosphere. As soon as you plop down you are included, one of the regulars.  If you can't decide what you want there is always someone willing to help with suggestions.  Let me say that the steak sandwich is a winner as are all of the donuts and muffins I have had there. My favorite is the sausage egg and cheese biscuit with my eggs over easy....mmmmm.  The staff is super sweet. Some of them are more friendly than others, but everyone greets you with a smile, and tries hard to get your order right.  I have never had them mess up an order or treat me with anything but kindness.  I suppose this is why I stop here no less than 3 times most weeks on my way to work.  In the amount of time, I would spend sitting in my car at a drive thru, I can be in and out with hot fresh food and a smile on my face.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,10/18/2014,30,146,4,8,7>If you find yourself in Metairie with a hankering for a slice, Brooklyn Pizzeria is your place. Stopped in for a late lunch on a Saturday. Not crowded. Walked up to the counter and placed our order with the friendly girl working. Slice of pepperoni is big enough you may only need one. The crust is thin and crisp. Ordered the Italian salad as well. I suggest getting the small, because even the small is a good size. Big enough to split between two people for sure! This seems like a good go-to pizza place in Metairie. Heck I like it so much, I would go out of my way to grab a slice here again!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,10/17/2014,1319,184,7,8,9>Though I live right around the corner, I just made my first F&J's voyage after eight months of NOLA living. I wish I hadn't waited so long!My dad was in town from Shreveport and had a hankering for crawfish. I always have a hankering for crawfish. I figured that since it was so close and I'd seen a sign posted that they had boiled crawfish, we'd get it a try, and my girlfriend joined us too. The only other local places where I've eaten crawfish in-house was The Galley in Metairie. For me, Frankie & Johnny's topped it.Why? First of all, at F&J's they came out much hotter, which means they stayed hotter for longer. We got 10 pounds for the three of us and even when we were winding down they were still at least warm. Also, I thought they were seasoned better here. I felt the ones at Galley were a bit bland, though the girlfriend insists they were spicy. Maybe that's because she's a head-sucker and I'm not. (Please, no comments. Too obvious.) The one down-side to the crawfish here is that they were quite expensive at $6.75 a pound. Yikes! Good thing Dad picked up the check! We all each had a cup of seafood gumbo, too, which I thought was really good.Finally, the service was very good. Our waitress -- who claimed to have been there for something like 30 years -- was attentive and sweet. She pinched my cheeks at one point, so I guess she liked me too.I'm glad I finally tried F&J's out. Could be dangerous living so close, though...
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/16/2014,67,176,4,11,6>Nothing negative can be uttered about this place. One of the best this city has to offer.A few weeks ago I met a friend here. He was running late, so I sat at the bar for a drink. Nearly every member of the staff in there introduced themselves and chatted while I was waiting (I had beaten the dinner crowd). I also had one of the best French 75s I've ever had. I know that seems like a strange thing to brag about as it's not a complex drink, but trust me when I say people don't do it nearly as well as it was done here.After my friend arrived, we moved to a table. Our server was very helpful with decisions for appetizers. We had the sweet breads (divine), the mussels (wonderful), the goat cheese tart (omg), and the escargot (yum). The escargot comes served in a bone, and one of the things on the menu is a bone marrow shot. You pour the herbsaint through the bone like a luge. I made a huge mess doing so, but it was fun regardless. After all of that, we opted to split one of the lighter entrees. I can't remember what the gulf fish was, but it was amazing. Almond encrusted and amazing. We rounded things off with dessert, which I'm having a horrible time remembering now but know it was great. One of the desserts was like a savory cheesecake with figs and the other was some salted caramel perfection.Drinks: DeliciousApps: AmazingEntree: EnchantingDessert: DelectableStaff: SuperbManager: Magnificent
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,10/15/2014,161,103,1,8,8>What a nice place! I have seen this place many times while passing it on Magazine Street. I decided to finally check this place out. The atmosphere there is casual and nice. It's not your super casual typical pizza parlor place, but it's not a super fancy place either which is nice. They serve pastas, oven brick pizza, other main entrees such as veal, chicken, and fish and they also have a great drink selection. We dined here on a Thursday night, so all of the Martinis were half off! For appetizers we ordered the Fried Calamari and the Truffle French Fries. The fries came with this sauce that was amazing! I wished I asked the waiter what sauce it was. Plus the fries had a hint of truffles on it, which made them delicious fries with flavor. We also ordered the carni italiane for you meat lovers. I liked how it was a thin crust and the meatballs on it were sliced thin too, making it easy for you to eat. I also ordered the pasta arrabbiata this has spicy marinara sauce to it which made it delicious. I haven't seen many places that have spicy marinara sauce, and this sauce hits the spot. The pasta portion was also very good for the amount you pay. Overall it was a very nice atmosphere, they even had a live band on the side playing that night which was nice.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,10/14/2014,67,157,3,9,8>d.b.a will always have a special place in my heart. I came here with my wife and some friends for her birthday to see john boutte perform with his band. The performance was awesome. Also, the crowd was the most respectful, engaged group of people I've ever been around who've had a non-insignificant amount to drink. Everyone was totally focused on creating an atmosphere for a great performance, going so far as to shush people who we're getting too loud. The venue is standing room only for the most part, with maybe a dozen or so bar stools situated on the side of the bar that has the stage. I would put max capacity for a show at around one hundred, making it very intimate. I don't know if this is typically how people behave in d.b.a, but I noticed that everyone spaced themselves out pretty well, making it incredibly comfortable for such a packed environment. The bar itself is very extensive, with one of the best beer selections I've found, rivaled only by monk's cafe in Philadelphia. I remember North America and Europe being represented in the beer selection pretty well, and the cocktails are also very good. I had my first dark and stormy here, which was good but probably could have used better rum than sailor jerry. Expect to pay a cover. Also expect d.b.a to bring in acts that are worth the money. The boutte performance we saw was our first excursion into the New Orleans music seen, and man have I been missing out. He started with some of his lesser known songs, brought his niece on as a guest vocalist, and then wrapped up with a moving cover of Hallelujah and a rendition of Treme. It was spiritual, almost a type of baptism into a culture that needs to be experienced, not explained. Many of my friends and colleagues balk at my stated intention of retiring in New Orleans, and it's experiences like this that just reinforce that position. It is going to take a twelve oxen team to get me away from d.b.a and New Orleans.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,10/13/2014,147,473,3,6,2>The 5 stars are for the biscuits. Don't get me wrong, everything else good, very good in fact. But, it is the biscuit that draws me here every Friday morning for my weekly treat to myself. Try it with Ham and Cheese (closest I've found to North Carolina/ Virginia).
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,10/12/2014,78,67,4,4,3>I usually do not write multiple reviews for one restaurant but for Bevi, I'll make an exception.So, I joined a co-worker today for Bevi for lunch.I was uncertain as what to get, the Catfish platter, or a Po Boy.The gal at the counter (Very friendly by the way) recommended to Catfish.I was so happy she did.In my opinion, in NOLA-Land, there are numerous places to get decent catfish, but very few that serve Excellent catfish.Bevi, serves excellent catfish.The coating, is light, the fish is not greasy the servings are big and the fries are tasty.Take Airline Drive, or take Earhart to the Clearview Exit and it's not too far from there, or Take a bus or a cab..But GO THERE!!The Peacemaker Po Boy, HMMM!! Awesome goodness..And now, the Catfish platter..BEVI can d no wrong!Take it from me, you'll be glad you went.I know I will be going back, many, many times..My next dish to try, the Combo Platter.Maybe I'll see you there.JB
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,6/13/2014,88,86,,10,4>One could call this place a diamond in the rough. Located in mid-city, the surrounding neighborhood might give the uninitiated pause. But once inside, anyone should feel pampered and comfortable.  The atmosphere is lovely and the smells are amazing.The chef, Leah Chase, or simply "Miss Leah" specializes in Creole and Southern cooking. I went for Sunday lunch, and even though I try to eat as much seafood as possible at New Orleans restaurants, I and opted for the fried chicken. Its reputation preceded it, and the dish lived up to the hype -- crisp and juicy, with the right amount of seasoning.  Prices were certainly not cheap, but the dining experience is upscale and unique, and the ingredients are high quality.  In no way is this a dive,  though the drive (or walk) up to the restaurant might create this misconception.  I would love to go back and try additional dishes, probably from the menu.  I'm not a buffet person -- I become overstimulated and get too much of the wrong thing -- but I do hear good things.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,6/12/2014,235,222,3,12,8>For all you urban dwellers out there, I highly recommend getting "out of the city" and taking a quick drive to Lafitte and do a little exploring.  Once you work up a good appetite, head on over to Boutte's Bayou Restaurant and prepare yourself for some good eatin'.Even though we had been exploring for several hours, we had no initial intentions on eating, as we had a pot roast cooking on the crock pot at home.  However, our little one needed to eat, so we "Yelped" restaurants in Lafitte and low and behold, Boutte's was the number one choice. Had it not been for Yelp, I may have driven right by without even seeing Boutte's, as it sits back off of the highway.Walking up to the door, the restaurant is very unassuming from the outside.  When we walked through the front door, all the patrons' conversations stopped abruptly as they checked out who was walking through the door.  I almost felt as if all eyes were upon us, but the pause only lasted for 2 seconds at most; just time enough for the locals to ascertain if we were locals or not.  There is no doubt that everyone here was a local Lafitte resident, and I mean that in a good way, as you could tell that everyone was relaxed and having a good time while they ate.  All friendly conversations were immediately resumed as we were greeted by our friendly hostess/waitress.Even though we had food waiting for us at home and we were really just getting food for our lil boy, we didn't pass on the opportunity to sample the fare.  Our boy's chicken strips were fresh and hot and the smiley fries were a big hit with him (with me too).  The wife and I split a 1/2 shrimp & 1/2 oyster poor boy and I can honestly say that this was some of the freshest and best tasting seafood I've had in a long time.  I am a fan of well cooked oysters and these were pretty darn big to boot.  Kudos to their spicy potato salad which had a hint of crab boil and cayenne, but not too overpowering.This is a as local & fresh as seafood gets, as the boats deliver the seafood fresh every day.  I am definitely planning another Lafitte exploration day in the near future, and next time I'm bringing my A-game and plan on sampling a few more items on the menu.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,6/11/2014,58,365,10,8,4>Oh how I love and hate the Dong Phuong Bakery. I love it so. The food is amazing. Quite seriously the best Vietnamese you will ever have (unless you're in Vietnam).But I hate it too. I hate it because it has now ruined Vietnamese food for me forever. I am now a pho elitist. A bahn mi bitch if you will. Nothing compares. I just won't eat Vietnamese food in New Orleans proper. Ever. Anywhere. It's just not worth it. It is the only restaurant I've been to that I feel genuine anxiety at because I want to eat way more than my body can handle. Thank god for take-away! I load up on bahn mis, buns, bread, and take all my leftovers too!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,6/10/2014,67,109,2,5,3>I was pleasantly surprised that the new owners did not make changes to the quality of the food served here.  Having loved this place for years, I was hesitant to go back after I heard that an entity bought the business with this being their first "fine dining" establishment.  However, I went for brunch yesterday and it was fantastic.  We tried the crab cakes, crab/corn bisque (some of the best in town), shrimp and grits, redfish, bananas foster and the lemon pyramid dessert.  All of those dishes with the exception of the crab cakes were phenomenal.  The crab cakes had a good flavor but not nearly enough crab, with a much higher ratio of breading to crab than I prefer.   The shrimp and grits were very well seasoned and slightly spicy, not overly "hot pepper" kind of spicy, just well seasoned with a kick.  The shrimp were nice, large, fresh shrimp and perfectly cooked.  We also did the bottomless mimosas which was a fantastic deal at $12 per person.  The service from the whole staff was impeccable.   My only complaint is that the meal took about 2 hours.  On a Sunday when we are not in a hurry to get somewhere that is fine but know going for Sunday brunch may take a while.  Perhaps this is just because the staff at this location is still new or perhaps that the kitchen staff is relatively new to fine dining.  Again though, the service by our dining room staff was excellent and some of the best I've experienced in town recently -  and I'll wait patiently for good food almost any day.  Oh, I did enjoy the jazz during brunch. It was lively but not too loud and perfect for the occasion and location.  I'm really looking forward to going back when they are serving outside in the beautiful courtyard again.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,6/9/2014,97,145,2,7,3>I want to go here every day! I love it! Soooo... where to start??They make excellent coffee. They don't have too too many options in the coffee/tea area but what they do have they do it well.  They have a cold drip coffee maker to start which makes all the difference in the world and have their coffee flavors on rotation so things are always interesting.They also offer small food options- many of which are vegan and/or gluten-free.  They also have PHENOMENAL "toast" options.  My favorite is "Toast #4" which is three slices of fresh baguette bread with avocado, tomato, onion, and a drizzle of something sweet.  It's awesome. They also carry great salads and soups! There's plenty of seating and are open pretty late in the day (minus Sundays which they close in the afternoon) which is great.  An afternoon coffee is a great pick-me-up!So, the food is healthy, creative, and delicious. They have Oji drip, cold pressed and regular coffee options, all of which are very tasty. They have a small variety of teas as well as Kombucha and fresh veggie smoothies. All of these things add up to a great coffee house experience!!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,6/8/2014,17,111,2,5,3>Verti Marte has been back open for a couple years now.  The fire damage was completely repaired, with no visible residual & no odor.This is the absolute best deal in town, prepared food-wise.Chalkboard menu is out-of-date and confusing.  Little paper menus are sometimes available.  Best to look at items and ask, even if the order-taker seems rushed and harried.Some of the best are "country fried steak", "dirty rice" rice dressing, meat lasagna, "country corn", spinach casserole, potato salad, meat loaf, mac & cheese, smothered greens, green beans, & potatoes au gratin.  Poor-boys are also very good.Everything is good here, really good.  Servings are enormous; one meal can feed us two with leftovers.  Get one meal to go, with one extra entrée & a couple extra "sides" and eat for several days.Caveats:  Tiny, very crowded, personnel may seem rude, no parking, no tables to eat-in.  Lines can be long, for long waits.Plusses: Near parks & riverfront "Moon Walk" for picnics.  Coldbeer, wine, & half-pints of whiskey / rum / liquors at check-out counter.  Open all the day & night.  Delivers in immediate neighborhood & to hotels.  There are three food "must-do's" in today's New Orleans and this is one of them. The other two are Mandina's 3800 Canal & Muriel's on Jackson Square.Don't miss this quirky, iconic "Everyone's Favorite!"Rick
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,6/7/2014,68,132,8,10,6>I was hanging out on the Northshore with an out-of-town guest and a local New Orleans friend checking out the Abita brewery, state park, and Covington. We were getting hungry so I hopped on yelp and found this place. 36 reviews and it's 5 stars? Gotta check this place out! I mentioned to a Covington native we were headed this way and he said, "Yep, that's the right place to go."And off we went!First off all, it was packed. No spots in the lot so I started to drive off when--gasp!--somebody was pulling out! I turned around and started heading back when--double gasp!--somebody pulled in the the spot off the street. NOOOOO!! Then, what, she saw that I was headed to that very spot and kindly pulled out so I could have it! Foreshadowing to an excellent culinary and service experience much? Little did I know the excellence that was being prepared for me...Walked inside and, despite the small (but stellar) menu, I was still having trouble deciding what to get, since apparently "One of everything!" was not an option. I asked the woman at the counter what she recommended and she said the roast beef. No arguments here, I love me some roast beef po boy! Full, dressed, side of potato salad, DONE. My eating companions got the Ferdie and the cheeseburger po boy.It took a while for us to get our food, meanwhile I'm drooling over other tables and looking lustfully at their meals. Finally our number was called, and frankly, if St. Peter ever calls my name to get into heaven, I'll be happy because THIS PO BOY WILL OBVIOUSLY BE WAITING FOR ME THERE! Cue several minutes of noshing sounds with the occasional "oh my gosh this is so incredible" from the table. I was practically lapping up the roast beef gravy from the paper. Don't judge me, it's THAT good. I'm now considering investing in real estate outside Bear's door so I can enjoy this place constantly. I cannot wait for my next visit. This place may have ruined all other food (and possibly men) for me, but it was worth it.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/6/2014,37,116,6,10,3>The only thing I don't like about this place is that it puts me in grave danger for turtle theft.  I really love turtles.I have been a container gardener for the last two years but am now in a house and was considering using the actual land to grow some veggies.  I was concerned about increased pests and predators.  The staff was able to suggest some other plants I could use to deter these potential creepers which was great.  I was pleasantly surprised that when I raised and item that they didn't have, they were willing to suggest other places that i might secure those items.In addition, unlike lowes and home depot and kmart the plants didn't look like they were about to die.  Surprisingly, the seedlings for the vegetables and herbs were the same price as those stores as well.  Of course selection isn't as in depth as those stores might be but they have a little of everything including pots, pesticides, tools, soil, air plants, indoor plants, flowers, trees, herbs, and produce.I really loved that as I was walking around several families were there together.  Not only did the kids get a kick out of all the ducks, rabbits, and chickens but I loved hearing grandmas and dads talk to kids about different plants.I asked if they would be offering any classes anytime since they have so much great knowledge.  They are strongly considering it and this would be an added benefit.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/5/2014,120,138,8,11,9>I have been wanting to go here for awhile. We finally made it for Valentine's dinner. The ambiance of the place is really nice. It's a big step up from it previously being a Shoney's. It kind of reminded me of being by the beach in Cape Cod or something. It had that kind of decor.The food was excellent all around. It was hard deciding what to get because it all sounded good. My boyfriend and I decided to split the Legacy Kitchen burger and the bbq ribs. Both entrees were top notch. We had the shoestring fries and crawfish cornbread casserole as our sides. That casserole was delish!We were pretty stuffed after, as the portions are large. I took the rest of mine home for lunch the next day. We also ordered a piece of the lemon icebox pie to go. It was awesome as well.Our only complaints were that our drinks were never refilled. I had ordered a lemonade. It was $4.00, which I found to be a bit much for a small glass of lemonade. Other than that, the service was quite good.I definitely look forward to coming back here again.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,6/4/2014,98,1428,12,17,13>"Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah"Anytime you hear that coming from a neighboring table, you know one of three things. The food is incredible good, the people at the table are extremely irritating, or there is something going on under the table. On this particular night, I think it may have been a combination of all three. The Joint is my favorite BBQ restaurant in the city. It is the perfect combination of great food, funky ambiance and weird local vibe. The FoodThis is real BBQ. The brisket, ribs and pulled pork are stellar. The brisket has the perfect amount of bite, smoke and flavor. This is the best brisket I have had other than a few places in Texas. The ribs are equally smokey, but so tender it will melt with flavor in your mouth in a way that only pork can. Speaking of pork, their pulled pork is also wonderful. Add the mustard based vinegar sauce and you have a smokey, spicy batch of awesomeness. Funky AmbianceThe joint is a small place. There is seating inside and at the bar, but you're likely to have people's junk all up in your area while they wait in line. If you just sit inside, sit at the tables to the right as you enter or at the bar. I highly recommend outside if the weather is decent. The outside ambiance reminds me of being in someone's backyard minus the dude making love to his brisket. Weird Local VibeThe neighborhood is very unique. Directly across from the entrance is an empty lot with a large tree. Hanging in that tree is a swing and you should not be surprised if you notice some odd person deciding 10:00pm is a great time to swing from a tree yelling yippie. Another odd thing is the sheer number of bicyclists. I counted at least 50 that passed by my truck. I'm all for saving gas, but these folks seem to think the own the road. I'm talking zooming by with no concern for their own safety. Pardon me fine sir, but in the battle of 5000 lb truck vs 80 pound hipster, the truck is going to win. I'd use caution when disregarding a stop sign on your bike. In summary, the Joint is awesome. Come here and you will leave happy.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,2/2/2011,166,165,4,9,5>I come here specifically for the Vietnamese sandwiches (banh mi) and BBQed pork. Don't be intimidated by the unfamiliar meat that's dangling in the window or the man with the machete-like butchers knife chopping away at said meat - that pork and duck are to DIE FOR. No joke. Be adventurous and ask for half a lb of pork - promise you will not be disappointed! And who can complain about a $2.50 sandwich? It's got mayo, pate, several different cold cuts, meat balls, cucumber, cilantro and jalepenos. DeeeeeeeeLISH! I always get extra for an easy lunch or snack later in the week. I've yet to meet a person who hasn't loved this sandwich. Like other reviewers have said, the produce section is solid. Lots of fresh Asian greens and plenty of familiar staples (onion, garlic, bell peppers, etc) - all priced a bit less than Rouses. Other personal favorites are:- Udon noodles - cook in chicken broth with shrimp and garnished with bean sprouts, green onions and cilantro - cheap and satisfying meal!- Young coconut juice- Grass jelly drink - I still don't know what grass jelly is, but it sure is tasty!- Frozen potstickers- Ramen galore! Every brand and flavor your heart could ever desire. I wish we had this market or even a mini version of it within the actual city of New Orleans, but for now, I'm willing to make the trek over the bridge to get my sandwiches and BBQed meats.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,2/1/2011,102,210,,5,4>We've been here several times to eat as it is around the corner from our house.  I was a little nervous to try it as we hadn't heard anything about it.  Whoa.  Good food, good atmosphere and decent prices.  The short ribs are unbelievable (you will go home with left overs), I usually get the chicken guava salad.  A half a grilled chicken, darks greens, papaya, avocado and a guava vinaigrette.  Tuesdays are $2 Tuesdays where beer and tacos are $2 each!  Go early as it is quite popular.  My only bad comment about the Rum house is the service.  The waitstaff leaves you alone most of the time.  One time we went, the waitress went outside for some reason and didn't come back in for 15 minutes!  Also, when you order wine, you get a humongous glass with about 4 sips of wine in it.  Needless to say, we got a second glass of wine after we complained about it.  Overall, a great eatery.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,1/30/2011,101,62,3,8,6>One of the great things about living in New Orleans is that you can get some things that are just as excellent as in more expensive cities for a lot less money. Apparently a haircut is one of these things and Twisted is the place to go.Before Katrina I used to get my hair cut at Stardust, but when I went to their website my stylist no longer works there and the prices went WAY up, so I scanned Yelp and discovered that a number of my friends went to Stardust and the Nicole was recommended like crazy. I called up and got an appointment with her two days from when I called and at just the time I wanted with no problem. The salon is just past Napoleon Uptown and has that good Uptown feeling, clean and quality but funky and without being snotty or overpriced. The space isn't fancy but it's hardly run down either, with good equipment and cool decoration. When I walked in a number of people were hanging out and Ginger, the shop dog was there to greet me. The atmosphere is super friendly. A little winded from my bike ride from the Bywater I happily accepted some water and sat down for to discuss my hair with Nicole. To make a long story short, the first time was a charm. Despite my somewhat vague instructions I got a spectacular haircut and enjoyed excellent conversation with a very cool and friendly hair stylist all the while. First seeing it I was a little unsure about the cut and Nicole assured me that if I needed any kind of tweaks or touch-ups once I styled it myself she'd be happy to take care of that for free.  The next day, however, I realized that she'd doe a truly excellent job. I really love my hair and took a bunch of pictures of it. The cost of all of this brilliance... $25. Hell yeah.Quick points:FriendlyProfessionalCleanReally cool without attitudeGenerally AWESOME
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,1/29/2011,114,467,5,12,5>While plodding around mid-city looking for an apartment, the girly and I got hungry. We came across Yangs. It was empty. No one in the place. We were reading the menu on the door when the lady popped open the door (causing only a tiny bit if pants wetting) and asked us to come in and eat. We still had some distance to go so we got a menu and kept on until we got hungry enough.So about an hour later, we cam back and it was STILL completely empty. This made us nervous but by that time, the girly had already tried to take two bites out of my hand.So. We got a roast beef with gravy and a shrimp.Roast beef po boy: Probably as good (and seriously as messy) as Parkway's. They really need plates though. Ever try to eat a roast beef with gravy like a normal po boy? And did you have to pre-treat your shirt and pants afterward? Yeah. Messy! The fork and knife they gave was too cheap to do the job on the Leidenheimer buns. I finished half and had to give up. It's extremely filling and quite tasty.The Shrimp was pretty good and the girly somehow ate her entire po boy. I don't know where she puts it.All in all, it was a pretty darned good meal and we will probably go back. Especially if we find a place over there. On days Parkway is busy, I have a feeling we won't have to wait in such a long line at Yangs.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,1/28/2011,152,91,3,3,3>Best Burger I've ever had... Hands down.My girlfriend had been talking about this place for months until I finally figured I wouldn't be impressed because of all the hype that had been built up in my head. After rolling my eyes and thinking to myself "a burger is a burger whaaaat is she talking about" we went to Port of Call. The hour wait felt like nothing with a Neptune's Monsoon in hand and hanging out front with our friends. Once inside I loved the atmosphere, efficient service, and amazing meal. Simple, but so flavorful. I don't know what they put in their burgers but it is amazing.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,1/27/2011,41,84,2,4,3>I had spaghetti & meatballs from Mo's today and it was pretty damn good!  A lot of food for my $7 too!  Like I said in my earlier review if you don't like your red sauce (or red gravy as they say around here) "sweet" you might not like Mo's.  Never had a heard a red sauce described as "too sweet" but, I know a couple people that don't like Mo's because of it.  I see what they mean about sweet but it sure wouldn't keep me away.I think they have actually spruced the place up on the inside...not that anyone going there really cares about the decor...new table covers, flat screen TVs, stuff all over the walls and I think they painted too.  Don't fear I think your shrimp boots will still be fine.If you're on the Westbank and looking for some good food, cheap, try Mo's!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,1/26/2011,61,97,1,4,4>I love slice.  I love slice for their white pizza with basil.  I love slice for their giant pieces at small prices.  I love slice for their italian cream sodas.  I love slice for being open lunch and dinner.Yep.This pizza is done with flavorful ingredients and the white pizza is the closest I can get to the way we always had it on visits to jersey.  Hush... the white pizza and hoagies in jersey are fanastic (and let's not forget about water ice or the fact the italian ice is a completely different animal) even if the jersey shore crew makes me either want to murder them or blind myself in order to forget what a bad name they give the place....Umm... anyway.... I've never been disapointed in the fare or with getting on of those wodden booths in the much quiter back room.  Being up in the front is always an adventure too being that close to the open pizza staff always makes for a great dining experience.Go... enjoy yourself... relax... this is what real pizza done well is all about.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,1/25/2011,257,566,2,9,7>Great prices, especially being locally owned. It's obviously not going to be cheaper than, say, Walmart, for most items... but it's a muuuuuch better alternative. The employees are unusually helpful and friendly. They have a huge selection of everything. The produce is fresh. They have the usual cuts of meat, plus a section of freshly made options like stuffed pork loin, stuffed chicken, cajun burgers, blue cheese burgers, stuffed mushrooms, stuffed peppers, etc. I also feel that I should mention the alcohol selection, because I don't think anyone has brought that up in a review yet (kidding). So good... and cheap!!!The bakery is amazing, as is the deli. As soon as you walk in, you can smell the fresh-baked goods. Oh, and in addition to their regular King Cakes during carnival season, they have sugar free for those diabetics out there. It's actually pretty darn good, too, but a bit on the pricey side compared to their usual competitive prices. However, this is a novelty IMO, so I'll let that slide.The only downside for me is the narrow aisles and the parking lot where I feel like I'm going to get rear-ended, side-swiped, or possibly both at the same time by the old people in LARGE cars trying to fight over parking spaces. Do yourself a favor and park on an adjacent street, or in one of the side parking spaces if at all possible.They need to open a location on the Westbank... just because it would be more convenient for me (no, I didn't deduct stars for this - just a suggestion).
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,1/24/2011,284,730,6,6,6>I spent a great birthday happy hour here with the usual suspects last week. Our server was attentive, fast, and funny (albeit non-intentionally). The martinis were fantastic and the oysters were fresh, fresh, fresh! But...take it to the bridge!Pros:Service - wonderfulBar options - excellentNo waiting!Oysters on the 1/2 shell? Tasty, tasty, with no BP aftertaste.Cons:The shucker removed perhaps 4 out of 12 of the oysters from their shell. Not the seamless experience I wanted, and it stopped me from ordering an additional dozen. I was also surprised there wasn't a different type of dipping sauce, like a mignonette offered. I'm happy to make my own cocktail sauce, but I was surprised...The gumbo? For me, it was odd - all roux, with not much seafood, chicken or sausage. And, rice seemed like a practice batch of risotto was used - it was gummy and crunchy.I'm ready to go back and get more oysters, but maybe with a different shucker working....
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,1/23/2011,214,152,15,10,10>So, full disclosure: This is my local bar. I live VERY VERY close to it. Like, the staff and I are sick of each other while at the same time we mutually love each other. Wait, no. They're probably sick of me. Anyway, I digress....This bar is amazing and has a lot going on. Most reviewers have already touched on it.. DJs every night, some of them decent, some of them tolerable. Monday is haircut night, and it's $10 for a haircut and a shot. I don't recommend it though, because I don't care if Paul Mitchell himself is cutting my hair, that place is too dark for haircuts.. Good for an emergency "oh crap I just got back from the mountains" kind of situation, but not the "I have to look neat for my parole officer"  situation. Fridays are my favorite: it's when they do a shrimp/crawfish boil or serve jambalaya. The guys who fix it up are legit and awesome to hang out with for hours. Lara slings fancy fresh cocktails on Sunday that are PERFECT in every way. My only unhappiness with this bar is that it morphs from being an awesome neighborhood hangout to a hipster hellhole from about 11-4 on Fridays and Saturdays. Anyway, by then I am drunk off of one of their fine beers, so I don't mind that much.....These bartenders are awesome, every one of them has seen to it that I am good and drunk, as well as safe on my way out. Oh, and beware o the bunny head... BEWARE
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,10/11/2014,235,222,8,13,7>I was a little hesitant about "Yelping" Chef Ron's Gumbo Shop, as I didn't want to spread the news, because once you try this place, you will keep coming back for more.  And then it'll be too crowded for me.  But it's my duty and pleasure to report that Chef Ron's Gumbo Shop is the "real deal".I've driven by this place for years and never really had a reason to glance over at the small strip mall in which it is located, but boy am I glad that I finally did.  This very small unassuming restaurant seats approximately 20 people, plus an additional 2 at the small bar.We walked in to an empty restaurant and within 10 minutes of our arrival, it was literally standing room only.  Our server Rebecca was super friendly and held her own as being the only server working the floor and answering the phone.I highly recommend checking ion with your mobile device, as we received a free gumbo teaser which was enough for 2 people to share.  The gumbo teaser was actually their chicken and sausage gumbo and it was damn near perfect.Based on our server's recommendation, we got an order of the boudin balls for our appetizer.  For all my non NOLA friends, boudin is a spicy pork and rice sausage.  But instead of stuffing the mixture into a sausage casing, it is breaded, rolled into balls, deep fried and then served with a spicy mayo.  Our order came out piping hot, super fast and was absolutely delicious.We got our son an order of the baked mac, which I sampled for the sake of posterity.  This is some of the cheesiest baked mac I have ever eaten, and it ranks high on my list of favorites.My wife ordered the cup of seafood gumbo and the oyster torpedo, both of which I  sampled.  The flavor of the gumbo was average to above average, but it was a little too thick and had the consistency of a stew rather than a true gumbo.  The oyster torpedo was like a mini poor boy on a pistolette.  The oysters were huge and I was a little worried that they were gonna be undercooked, but I was wrong, as they were perfectly cooked.  For the "piece de resistance", I ordered the Yumbo.  For all you gumbo lovers out there, this is what I recommend.  The Yumbo is a file gumbo loaded with chicken, shrimp, crawfish, crab, sausage, okra & tomato and topped with fried shrimp.  I kid you not that there was meat/seafood in every single bite.  This is an awesome gumbo and the fried shrimp on top is what really sets this dish apart from all the rest.  Heck, I'm getting hungry just writing about it.I am going to mention my server Rebecca again, as she handled a full restaurant, the cash register, the phone orders and bussed the tables all by herself; all the while providing good service to all of her tables.  And kudos to the kitchen for getting out the food orders very quickly.They also have a catering menu featuring assorted torpedoes (hand stuffed pistolettes),fresh salads, hot platters & gumbo served in 1/2 or 1 gallon.  This place is legit and you owe it to yourself to take a little trip to Metry and try it out.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,10/10/2014,60,62,4,5,4>Not your average t-shirt shop!  Newly renovated and peppered with fun finds, Fluerty Girl is my favorite Metairie stop and shop place.  Always fun to stop in a see what's new in store and equally hard not to want one of everything.  It's my go to gift resource, but I always end up with another whitty T, jewelry and/or classy fishermen style rain boots to add to my own collection.  I love that the fitting rooms are big and comfortable and the staff is always so accommodating, cheery and helpful. Most of all, I appreciate that they have multiple style and sizing options in all the T-shirts.  Nothing worse than having to get a man style because a XXL is still too small.  Never have this problem here and if they are running low, the staff is always on top of when the new order will arrive.  AND, I think I just talked myself into another trip this week...
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,10/9/2014,107,129,2,5,3>When my car of 10 years and 100,000 miles decided not to go anymore the nice people at Firestone recommended the nice people at Dennis Automotive to work on the transmission. Unfortunately GM is dumb and the transmission in my car can not be replaced and not rebuilt so a new one was ordered.What was really cool about the guys here they had my old transmission out of the car and it was ready for the new transmission so instead of being out of a car for an additional day I was back on road the same day the transmission came in. Unfortunately GM sent a crap transmission and I was back to square one, but Mark had the warranty paperwork done and a replacement transmission ordered, and installed quickly.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,10/8/2014,24,85,4,5,5>Best chinese in my area! I especially love the gen tso chicken, it has the right amount of kick to it other places don't make it hot enough. The crab rangoon is also nice.The portion is phenomenal for the price you pay. The place is clean, and the cashier is nice. The food is made to order meaning that unlike some other chinese restaurants they don't have food under a burner all day long so when you get it, it's piping hot!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,10/7/2014,22,200,3,5,4>amazing coffee + good donuts - crowds all the time = i bike here to justify the calories The coffee is amazing.  I would come here for the coffee alone.  I like the donuts but they are like injecting pure sugar into your veins.  Which for many people is the whole point of a donut so let me say they have that down pat!  great flavors and even on the weekend they never seem to run out because they only make 8 varieties or so.  That being said I usually split a donut with a friend and I am still a bit wired afterwards :-)  Plan to come during non busy hours so you can get a seat
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,10/6/2014,88,86,1,6,4>One of my favorite bars in the city (I cannot speak to the hotel).  It has history (movies were filmed here, famous people stayed here, and there are plaques and signs decorating the interior to explain it all), a gorgeous spacious front porch, tasty cocktails, friendly bartenders, and never overwhelmingly crowded in my experience. The crowd is varied ... sure, there are some undergrads here, but it's also a place where aging tourists will feel comfortable.  It's great on a lazy warm night when you can just enjoy the goings on on St. Charles from a comfortable outdoor perch.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/5/2014,142,98,7,11,10>What a gem! Shake Sugary has become a part of my Sunday morning routine, which should say a lot - I'm neither vegan nor living with a gluten intolerance, plus I live in Metairie so coming here means at least a 20 minute drive. And that's if I take the highway....This is the best place to go in order to quash once and for all the myth that vegan and/or gluten free foodstuffs are boring, tasteless, and crummy. Everything here is delicious, and delicious in it's own right.  They also have plenty of selections that are in no way vegan or even vegetarian. There's a maple bacon sweet potato biscuit that's killer and I usually see a quiche or two in the case when I'm there, as well. There's a little room behind the front counter with some tables and chairs if you want to hang out there for a bit. I find the chairs to be a bit uncomfortable if I spend more than an hour or so on one, but I just take that as motivation to get the hell on with the rest of my day and not spend the entirety of it in a cafe. A lovely, lovely cafe.My favorites are the muffins with strawberry and mango bits in it and the savory samosas. They have a small assortment of beverages, including a coffee brew and iced tea of the day, the former of those (and possibly the latter, I've never asked) being only a buck if you bring your own cup!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,10/4/2014,41,215,3,5,3>Awesome little restaurant tucked away on Claiborne.  Super friendly staff and a nice charming building.  They even have a covered patio in the back that they said can be rented out. I got what our waitress called "The Diabetic Special" - fried chicken with fries and potato salad. No "Diabetic special" is complete without a glass of punch.  Their house punch is actually really good, not just a knockoff Hawaiian punch.  Plus free refills! I also tried the creole okra.  Everything was delicious, much nicer than I was expecting.  My plate was only $8, they could easily charge twice that.  I'm definitely coming back here when I need my fix for southern food. Protip: they have a club membership.  Buy 10 meals and the 11th is on them.  Hooray for the mouth AND the wallet!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/3/2014,41,249,5,6,4>I ended up here for breakfast on a recommendation. I have driven by Russell's before, but had no idea until the recommendation that they served breakfast (I assumed based on the name/location that it was a seafood restaurant.) But, guess what, they do serve breakfast. All day long, in fact. It was a very pleasant experience. They were a little crowded (and getting more crowded by the minute), but the hostess located a spot and whisked us away immediately. Our server was friendly and efficient. The food was good. The coffee was deliciously strong (seriously, really strong. That alone is worth a star in my book.) I went for their "classic" breakfast, which was eggs, bacon and pancakes. The eggs and bacon were pretty standard, diner fare. (i.e. both were very tasty, but nothing special.) The pancakes, however, were some of the best I've ever had. And, the ranking of pancakes is not something I take lightly. My dining companion had crab cakes topped with poached eggs, hollandaise and shrimp. He said it was really good, but he wished the crab cakes were more crab, less cake. However, that's what he always says about crab cakes. (Maybe he should just order crab, huh?)Anyway, all in all, it was a good meal at a good price without much of a wait at the peak of breakfast time on a Saturday. I call that a win. Russell's will definitely be added to the weekend breakfast rotation.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,10/2/2014,137,178,1,6,6>It's been nearly 2 years since my review and I'm still a fan of Rick's. After my initial visit, I kept having small issues with my truck, so I kept going back to GR Automotive. It was to the point where Rick had told me he hopes he won't see me for a while. Really though. What mechanic would say that when my coming by would mean more money for him?Fortunately, I did manage to stay away for a while. Actually I was starting to worry that maybe parts of my car were slowly falling apart without me knowing because I hadn't had a mechanic look at it in a while.My office had a retreat merely blocks away from GR Automotive this morning, so I dropped off my truck to have Rick take a look. I expected to spend a little bit of money on maintenance. I was pleasantly surprised that no work was needed immediately, although he did tell me about a couple of things that I should take care of in the near future.I did have the transmission fluid changed and got new air filters, and I didn't notice until I got in the car that Rick had changed the wipers for me as well. My ex had bought those a little while ago and was supposed to put them on for me but that didn't get done so I was just riding around with the new wipers in the back seat, figuring I'll do it myself at some point. He must have seen them and just changed them for me. Always a sweetheart!I don't live nearby anymore but I still work uptown and will continue to be a happy customer.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,5/14/2014,52,77,,7,3>I'm so glad that this theater was given the TLC it needed! I saw Neko Case there with my boyfriend a few weeks ago and had a great time. There's a bar in the lobby that's not cheap, but has some very tasty original cocktails nonetheless. Although I don't know that this applies to all shows, the floor was open standing room and the balcony was seating. I liked the option to do both since our show wasn't packed. I thought it made a great venue for the particular show we saw. Another exciting thing to note is just how unique their line up (at least for this season) is. I'm really excited about more than one band coming in town, and for the most part they're folks who don't fit the arena show venues but are perhaps a little too hipster for something like the House of Blues. I think they found a good niche of music that was lacking here (at last as far as national acts go, God knows we've got our local music covered!) and addressed it.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,5/13/2014,17,87,2,8,4>What's in a name? That which we call a Café twice by another name would smell as savory.I make my point at the expense of torturing William Shakespeare.  The name of this establishment is decidedly (and statistically, 2 outta 3) skewed toward its role as a producer of baked goods, something they do well.  The display case is stocked with a variety of tarts, danishes, and cupcakes that can be glommed onto a meal for a buck.  That meal itself is the somewhat hidden charm here.  In between the "New Orleans Cake" and "Bakery", you will find a café that serves up a creative and interesting variety of brunch food (omelettes and the like) and some of the heftiest and most satisfying sandwiches in town, for those times when you don't quite want a po-boy.  (If you're seeking the bliss of pure stuffitude, opt for a large po-boy elsewhere. Or, do what I do: enter intending to to eat just a sandwich but then lose to temptation and add a pastry to your order).  To take a non-sandwich example, the roasted vegetable omelette comes filled with cooked peppers and onions--no surprise there--but also a pleasant surprise, a smooth yet robust goat cheese filling with the consistency of creme fraiche.  The omelette shell is fluffy but not-too-thick.  It's one of the better omelettes in New Orleans.  You get a choice of breads as a side, and not just a couple of slices pulled from the Costco twofer-bag out of sight in back; you get bread that was baked ten yards behind the counter.  I recommend the biscuit, which is larger than most, lightly crunchy on the outside and wonderfully moist and flaky inside, served with a small cup of jam.  The cupcakes are in keeping with the current (or is it now passing?) craze, and there legions of them for sale.  Less elaborate than what's typical at dedicated cupcake shops, these are simple cups of cake with a big dollop of chocolate, white, or mixed icing on top.   That works just fine, especially for patrons with single-digit ages.  The wall board menu at the register always has two or three interesting specials, often based on local seafood and thereby rationalizing the "New Orleans" part of the shop's name.  I've had several, many with what seemed to be unlikely combinations. Even when going against intuition ("crab meat with _that_?"),  I have never been disappointed.  That's what pushes this place into five star territory.  On nice days you can sit outside on the sidewalk, a real pleasure in this lovely but not too heavily traveled neighborhood.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/12/2014,71,63,6,12,6>This review is for the Bawk! weekend breakfast menu.Breakfast can be a little tricky in New Orleans.  The big dogs like Surrey's, Ruby Slipper, Refuel, Russell's can get real crowded real quick once the weekend comes along.  And the expensive places are, well, expensive.  Of course there are plenty of other options, but it's rarely anything that's better than your own kitchen.  And that is a tall order, my friend.  When I can roll out of bed and whip up a decent omelet before I realize that my pants are absent, you had better make it worth my while.  Bad breakfast is an affront to everything holy about weekend mornings.     Over on the "other" more gritty side of Lakeview (if you can even call Lakeview gritty in the first place), Pizza Nola serves up a solid weekend breakfast.  I've been over there a few times now and have yet to be disappointed.  While everyone else is waiting in line for a table at one of those 'other' places, you'll be walking in and sitting down immediately.  Fresh squeezed OJ, pancakes from scratch, fluffy biscuits and free coffee refills are ready to greet you.  Okay, so it's not the most quaint setting.  In fact, it feels more like a doctor's waiting room than a restaurant.  But it's fine.  Read on.      The challah French toast is quite good.  Starting with the right bread definitely helps this plate stand out.  My girl is quite the connoisseur of the pain perdu and quite content to clear the plate.  You know it's good when you get through half of it and suddenly forget that you neglected the syrup or powdered sugar.  I swear, something magical happens when good bread is dredged through a creamy, cinnamon-y egg wash and browned.  It's not toast anymore.  It's magical.    The portobello benedict is my personal favorite.  Two poached eggs atop mushroom caps overflowing with spinach and artichoke stuffing and then finished with a drizzle of red pepper sauce.  Wait, did I mention any meat yet?  Nope.  It's all veggie and all good.Prices are very reasonable.  The french toast will set you back $7 and the benedict $9.  On a tighter budget?  A delicious egg and cheese biscuit is only $4.  Likewise for the potato, egg and cheese burrito.  Beware the OJ, though.  A small glass will set you back $3.50.  Still no meat?  Well, yes, they do have meat.  But what is great about Balk!, is that it's not the breakfast-crutch that it is at some other places.  Anybody can take some duck debris or shaved pork belly, slap it down on your plate and call it a day.  That is all well and good, but it's nice to see a place go out of their way to get the simple stuff right.  Even the fancy places should wow you with two eggs, hashbrowns and a biscuit.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,5/11/2014,160,294,3,10,7>Yow!  I'm smitten.  Just tried the latest addition to the Freret mania, and boo-yah, they come correct.  Baker's dozen plus a smattering of cream cheese goes for $17+, and you know you gotta tip, so I'm $19 in on a local breakfast that'll feed the brood.  Bright, open space and friendly staff.  I mean, I had just opened the door and was greeted with a quick "Good morning!"  Can't wait to go back!  Hooray Humble!!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,5/10/2014,21,119,,8,5>Not bad at all! We have tried mot of the Vietnamese places in NOLA and a few on the West Bank. I liked this place better than any on the West Bank (sorry WB fans!), and although the menu is a little limited and is very standard for New Orleans Vietnamese (Pho, Bun, Rice plates, fresh rolls, etc.), I thought it was done well and was pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was modern and trendy with good lighting and a touch of class. You would not be embarrassed to bring a first date here. It's small enough to feel intimate and the service was very good. Fast and attentive, but not too attentive! The down side to the space is the noise factor. We were there on a Thursday around 7:30-8:30, there were 2-4 free tables, and we had trouble holding a normal pitch conversation and hearing each other. On a side note, Pizza Delicious also has this issue! A couple well placed screens, or a few throw rugs would really help to dampen the noise level.For dinner I started with the Avocado fresh rolls ($3.50/2). I was glad my partner does not like avocado because I didn't want to share! Yum. These were rolled tight so I had no issues with losing the filling in my peanut sauce, and there was lots of delicious avocado so I could taste it with every bite. Again, Yum!My partner had the grilled pork fresh rolls ($4) and he said that they were very good. He liked them as much as Pho Bistreaux on Carrollton Ave/Oak Street (they have excellent food and great service, BTW), so that is a big kudos to Mint Modern!For my main dish I chose the grilled shrimp and rice plate ($9). When it arrived I was pleasantly surprised that there were 6-7 nice, plump, large butterflied and perfectly grilled shrimp accompanied by a nice amount of flavorful rice and a tasty salad consisting of marinated cabbage and carrots (a sweet type dressing or flavor), a couple large pieces of cucumber and a couple large pieces of tomato. I ate every bit! It was presented nicely on the white square plate.I will admit that when I first sat down and viewed the menu I was disappointed because I was really craving the Ba Chi Canteen's Curry Tofu rice plate and I was hoping for some sort of flavorful sauce or irresistible Baco type item on this menu, so I was not really looking forward to my meal that much this evening- which is why I am writing this review right now! They deserve a great review because it's not often that I am satisfied with something completely different and they managed exactly that! My partner does not like the Ba Chi very much and he likes Vietnamese fried rice which Pho Bistreaux and the Ba Chi do not offer, so that is why I suggested the new place.Which brings me to my partner's meal. He ordered the Special Fried Rice plate ($9). This is "special" because it has egg, shrimp and sliced Vietnamese sausage along with the rice and some veggies- onion, carrots, chives (green onions) and sprouts. He thought it was good and said that he would happily eat there again, but that lately he preferred the Thai fried rice more than this style. I taste it and thought it had a lot of flavor and it reminded me of an upscale Chinese fried rice.All in all, I recommend this as a place to try. If you like Vietnamese cuisine then I think you'll be happy with the quality of the food, service, ambiance and presentation. I should mention here that they also have a nice drink menu ranging from cold and hot tea to shakes to beer and wine. We'll be back soon. I'm already looking forward to that perfectly grilled plump shrimp!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,5/9/2014,229,100,5,11,7>It only took one freaking visit for me to fall in love with this place ! I was craving Mexican and my mister suggested we have lunch at St. James. I'm down for trying new things, so we went. Little did I know he was introducing me to crack (jk on the crack)!I ordered the blue cheese and roast beef sandwich. He ordered, I forgot what he ordered. We split both halves alongside a charcuterie plate (chef's selection).The cheeses were  so dang mouth wateringly delicious! I like that it was a variety of cheeses. We had hard, soft, funky, and mild. Then the meats... perfect! They pair it all with jams, mustard, and/or pickles. Seriously the best charcuterie plate to graze my lips!The sandwiches were good as well. It was unforgettable but the names are just slipping my mind.There's so many other things that looked interesting! I can't wait for my next visit!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,5/8/2014,53,121,4,10,3>Make no mistake, this hilariously named Indian/ Pakistani joint is the real deal. It may not be the center of fine dining in New Orleans, but they food is delicious, the dudes behind the counter are friendly and the food is dirt cheap. While I have eaten in better Indian places, these cats aren't far off the mark. The samosas are off the hook and they have a ton of vegetarian options. I don't know if I'd venture onto the "American" side of the menu but all of the Indian dishes are on point. Salt N Pepper is defiantly a dive. It's not fancy and it's a little grimy. But what more can you ask for out of a dive than friendly staff and cheap killer food?FYI: BYO9FR (Bring your own 90s female rap). However, current Indian pop videos are provided.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/7/2014,254,539,,10,6>The continuous search for authentic Italian might stop here (although it still has a southern Louisiana influence)Locally owned restaurant with a network of small family-farmers who grow fruits, vegetables and raise chickens, pigs and cattle. Everything is hand made in house, bread, pasta, cured meats, fresh cheese, and even vinegar. The decor is simple, the space is small.  You can tell it used to be a fast food restaurant.  They could have done more with the decor.  The staff was very friendly and service was fast.We were notified that they were out of meatballs and the eggplant appetizer.  It was early, I was surprised they were sold out, but the meatballs are a hit from what I hear.We started with Frutti Di Golfo.  It has shrimp and crab, capers and lemon served with a fire-roasted artichoke.  Presentation was beautiful.  The artichoke was delicately placed on the plate with the stem up, leaves spread like a flower.  Taste was outstanding.  Loved the flavors.  I could eat this on a bed of pasta as my meal! The artichoke was packed with flavor and left me wanting way more.  Portion was small for the price. The artichoke was basically the unused portion after leaves were cut off.  Not much to eat, only a couple small leaf sections.Next was the Eggplant Parmigiana and Gulf Fish with blue crab, white wine, mushrooms and pesto pasta. Eggplant was not at all crispy.  I hate when that happens.  Its fried, its supposed to be crisp!  The tomato basil sauce was good but there was not much of it on the pasta.  Next time I'd ask for more.  Fish of the day was puppy drum.  This dish was very good and fish portion was quite large. Not a bad thing to say about it.Overall, I really like the place.  Food was good, could be slightly better.  I will definitely be back for some meatballs.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/6/2014,36,300,5,11,6>The Rum House has been on my list to try for what seems like forever.  I like tacos, they have tacos so I should have been here before now.  Before I go further this is not a taco joint or Mexican Restaurant, it's Carribean food with a rather large menu that covers a decent sized spectrum of dishes. I got the taco trifecta.  This is 3 tacos(I know, no shit) of your choosing and 1 side.  There are probably 15 different tacos to choose from beef, chicken, pork, lamb, fish, shrimp, veggie, and even scallops.  There are about 10 different sides to choose from as well.  The pork mole taco was ok.  The pineapples on it kind of overpowered the mole.  The beef brisket taco was full of barbquey goodness but the king of them all y'all was the beef calypso.  Perfectly flavored beef with chimichuri AND guacamole.  We also got the guacamole app with chips.  Yes I know apps are first but this is my review and I'll write it out of order if I so damn choose.  Anyway, their guac had mango in it which for my money wasn't appealing.  I don't generally like mango.  Well it was just on top and not really mashed into the guac.  It also comes with a little tiny cup of salsa.Overall a really cool place with a nice bar.  I think the place is much better in a group.  Next time I'll come with a bunch of friends and actually try one of their RUM drinks, since it is the name.  WHO'S HOUSE?........RUM'S HOUSE!!!.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,5/5/2014,154,280,5,12,6>If you love your pet, or if you are caring for a rescue, this is the place to go.for all your animal needs. They have a wonderful community feel where I have received tons of advice from both staff and customers. They have so many organic options that don't break the bank for once. I needed formula for the kittens I rescued and they cut me a deal because I was buying them out! And even when they ran out, they called me as soon as the new shipment came in. We lost our cat yesterday and they happily posted our flyers on both their glass doors. They tend to get good results with that so they asked that once we find her to let them know so people will stop worrying. We were more than happy to call them when we got her back. This is my go-to place to shop for all our crazy cat couple needs.  If you're a pet person in mid city, pop over and get to know them. I'm so grateful that we did.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,10/18/2012,48,158,,8,4>Went during red dress run for lunch and ordered a bunch of small plates, here' my review of the stuff we ordered and how much we spentchampagne cocktail x 2- they made one up for my friend and i, had some lemon in it, was pretty goodmy friend ordered some other cocktail, not sure what it was but was goodboudin and crab beignets x 2 - pretty awesome, comes with 4, wish it came with more, RECOMMENDfried cracklins and dipping cheese x 2 - also very good, comes with enough to share for 2, never though to dip crackling in cheese but it was a good idea, RECOMMENDburger - it was tiny and costs $7, not anything greatfries x 2 - comes with 3 different choices of dipping sauces, RECOMMEND the okra mayo. the fries weren't anything special but the dipping sauce kicked it up a notch.cuban sandwich - don't recommend, better at high hat and butchersome kind of meatball dish - ok, not phenomenalTotal - $38 per person not including tipwas it worth it? yeah, very cool setting, will probably come to the bar next time and have cocktails and stick to the fried cracklins and boudin/crab beignets.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,10/17/2012,196,337,,6,3>I love the fact that there is a Dance Studio in New Orleans East!!!! I enjoy this place so much. There are so many fun class options such as pole aerobics, stiletto dance, zumba and more. I'm currently enrolled in pole aerobics and absolutely love it. The instructors are knowledgeable and patient and helps everyone through their different levels of experiences as well as body types and current levels of fitness. I have a great time every time I go to class and I always learn more. It's a fun way to get fit. This is definitely a cool place to check out; also the prices are very reasonable.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,10/16/2012,146,418,,8,1>The best thing about this restaurant may very well be its setting. You're basically eating outside in a charming alley, off the pedestrian paths of the French Quarter, which creates an ambiance that invokes dining in Europe. Save for a single large picnic type table inside, there really isn't much of an option for indoor dining here. Which is fine, because the inside area of the restaurant is more an extension of the kitchen so there's no reason you'd want to be in there anyway.The (dinner) menu here is six pages. One page for entrees, one page for desserts, and four pages for drinks. It's really kind of amusing. For a place named Green Goddess, I expected more by way of salads or dishes with fruits and vegetables, but the dishes here seem to be a selection of updated takes on various dishes/flavors from around the world. I had the bangers and mash, the English dish updated with New Orleans flare. The bangers were made with three types of sausage (one of them being duck sausage) and the mash was made with sweet potatoes. It was really good, although perhaps a bit overly sweet. I would certainly come back here for food, if not for the ambiance. Some things to note though: there's no house bread or anything like that so don't expect it. And if at all possible, be sure to go to the bathroom before dining here, as the bathroom here isn't really part of the restaurant, but rather for the adjacent office space. It's a single tiny room, the type where you can't even open the door all the way because it will bump into the toilet and so you have to squeeze your way in.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,10/15/2012,36,180,2,4,3>The food here is outstanding... not real healthy though.  I have been eating here for years.  There were times almost every day.  Since it had been a while, I met a friend there for lunch today.Everything is made fresh.  I got the soup/salad combo.  Of course, it hit the spot.  My friend got the egg salad sandwich.  You are get a lot of food for the money.  They are quick and friendly.  Make sure to check out their daily specials which you can do online.  If you're in the CDB for lunch time, this is a fabulous place to come!The owners are super cool.  Always helpful and service with a giant southern smile!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,10/14/2012,91,53,,7,5>The place has delicious New Orleans food, that goes from po boy's to jambalaya at a great price. If this isn't enough to get you inside just think about the fact that you are supporting a group of young New Orleanians get a second opportunity in life. This has the added bonus of having waiters and waitresses that are extremely attentive and arehappy to be serving you.Lets just say that you leave happy and the fact that the food is great is just a plus.Support and enjoy.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,10/12/2012,61,97,7,8,5>It's summertime in the city... and you know what that means kids... it's time to search out your favorite watering hole and live out your day by doing... well... nothing of any importance except sipping on that drink in your hand and people watching.  And there is one perfect place to do that:  The Bywater Country Club.  Yep.First off let's talk about brunch... have I raved about the brunch here before yet?  Maybe.  I should do it again anyway.  I love brunch at the Country Club.  The rooms are large and airy and the staff has always been incredibly nice, even when we have run in last minute with 10 people starving after a morning scavenger hunt.  Even the buffet that time we went for Easter Drag Brunch (yes i finally found one!) was pretty good, and i HATE a buffet, i just can't shove enough food down my gullet to feel I've reasoned out the cost, but any who.... $10 mimosas... that's where i was.  $10 BOTTOMLESS mimosas.  I have a friend who swears he found the bottom once, i don't believe him.  They'll just keep bringing the pitcher by and pouring more in your glass, and occasionally when they realize exactly how thirsty you are they'll just leave the pitcher there (genius!).  I just scoped the menu and realized that in addition to my favorite traditional, crab cakes, and shrimp and grits they have added a whole plethora of delicious.  I can see that Saturday is going to be a difficult choice... i mean really... do i go something i know i adore (shrimp and grits) or this new fruit and almond french toast (!!!) or maybe the porchetta... or the gallete... oh lord... i need a mimosa STAT!  yeah... so I'm looking forward to this weekend's choices.Then... should you be able to stumble appropriately out to the back and pay the $15  day pass (or $8 if it's after 5 when it really thins out in the back and sometimes is the best time to go to just chill) you have access to the heated pool, hot tub, and well... the club.  There are a plethora of lounge chairs out there, but these days you have to time this just right.  While the pool IS clothing optional it has a decidedly less decadent aura from the first times i was always in the back, but with people realizing the wonderful jewel buried in the Bywater comes the tamer version of a crowd for the days.  it'll fill up quick with this new vibe with both the regulars, club members, and group of out for an "experience" kids.  Don't in any way get me wrong, i LOVE this about the country club, that it's diverse and accepting, and you do what you wanna as long as you're not being a jackass or taking pictures of all of those "body parts" walking by.  (That will get you a look and a comment from one of the security guards roaming about... also... try not to take so many drugs and drink so much they have to call the ambulance on your ass... that really puts a bummer note in everyone's day.  Just sayin.  Personal responsibility y'all)The cabana bar is fantastic and easy to get to, often the interior bar is far less crowded and you can carry a tab on BOTH  bars actually at the same time... hello modern technology!  we often order a snack or two while we're out there and let me tell you that the smoky mac n cheese is freaking AWESOME!  Also happy hour runs from 5 to.... well... sometime.  I should probably know this fact, but normally I've had enough by the time i think it's over to switch to something lighter than the margarita's I've been known to throw down my throat.just a note people.  use the free ashtrays they provide.  be courteous, to your wait staff and your bartenders and your pool attendants and your fellow pool and club enjoyers.  the fact is that we're all there to work as a community to keep the country club as a wonderful retreat from the summer heat and a great place to just relax and forget about your day.  it's a rare joy to be able to relax next to a naked stranger with a drink in your hand and be able to not even bat an eye while you soak up the sun and nosh on some tasty treats.  and don't forget the damn sunscreen!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,10/11/2012,201,188,2,4,3>Now I know why Commander's Palace is considered top-tier restaurant in New Orleans.  I had the pleasure of dining here last night with my boyfriend for my birthday.  It was truly an experience; from the food to the service, everything was nothing short of impeccable and outstanding.  I honestly don't know where to begin with this review; it was just THAT good!I decided to get the three course trio since everything I wanted was on there, so why not right?  It included a soup or salad with a choice of three different entrees and the bread pudding souffle or strawberry shortcake.  Of course I ordered the much talked about Turtle Soup.  It was delicious and lived up to the hype.  The touch of sherry sauce made the soup all the better.  I'm a lover of Shrimp and Grits, so it goes without saying that I got the Barbecue Shrimp that lays over a bed of grits.  The flavors emanating from this dish was incredible!  I could not find one thing wrong with the dish!  It was so mouthwateringly good!!  My boyfriend got the pork entree; I really wish I could remember what it was called, but it was HUGE!  I had a bite of the dish, and it too was amazing!  The pork was oh so tender and the mixture of different flavors was mindblowing!  And now to my favorite part of every meal: DESSERT!  And boy oh boy, Commander's definitely didn't disappoint in this category.  You already know I ordered the famous Bread Pudding Souffle!  I really thought I died and went to heaven upon that first bite.  The top of the souffle was so light and fluffy, which created the perfect balance to the bread pudding on the bottom.  Wow oh wow, one of the best desserts I've ever had, if not THE best!  I'm really regretting I didn't finish it at this moment, but I was so full I thought my skirt was going to rip last night!And for the service, just like everyone else has said, is the best I've ever experienced!  The wait staff literally knows everything about the menu and how every item is cooked.  I must say I was thoroughly impressed.  Our waters and wine glasses were continually re-filled throughout the meal, and having that accomplished is very refreshing.  Although, the constant re-filling of the wine brought me to a giddy state, if you know what I mean. Hehe.Dining at Commander's is exactly what I needed after a long week.  You really are treated like royalty from the moment you step foot into the restaurant.  Anyone who comes here is looking for the best dining experience they've ever had, and Commander's will definitely give you that and more.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,10/10/2012,148,326,,10,2>Ah, Iggy's . I don't think I would have ever stepped foot into Iggy's if my comedy theater wasn't right around the corner. But I'm glad that I know this neighborhood bar and that it knows me. Colorful neighborhood crowd, cheap drinks, cash only, nice old coots behind the bar, jukebox, pool table in the back; that is Iggy's in a nutshell folks. If you are in the hood and looking for a relaxed neighborhood hangout full of interesting older people, stop in for a drink. If you are going to a comedy show around the corner that is BYOB, go in, say hi, and grab a drink. Straight forward drink orders only, folks. No Red Bull and Vodka here, kids.  Remember: Cash Only!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,10/9/2012,54,438,4,7,5>Writing a review about UNO is a bit difficult. I first attended UNO in 1998 when it was an entirely different place. Bienville Hall was still a dorm and the top two floors had just been remodeled; the rest of the place was a dump. The Cove was open and featured the Sandbar, an actual bar where I could get beer on my meal plan.Then I took several years off before returning in 2004 to the Lakefront campus with evening classes. By then the Sandbar had been converted into a convenience store but the Cove still had food. We all know what happened in 2005. UNO was heavily damaged by Hurricane Katrina and when it re-opened in the Spring of 2006 it was a different landscape. A lot of buildings were closed (some of them still are) due to damage. The Cove was condemned. The first floor of almost every building was trashed and being worked on. I was now back full time for my Bachelors and taking classes all over campus as things shuffled around in the madness. I even had one class in a tent! But things carried on and (as silly as it sounds) our school spirit kept us together.More than half a decade later things continue at UNO. They now have new dorms and a new Cove (with a new Sandbar). Classes continue, as always. I earned by Bachelors and came back for my Masters. I've worked for the University as a student worker and then as a TA in graduate school. Despite everything going against it UNO has still managed to grow and improve. Hopefully the continuing budget cuts won't hurt UNO so badly it can't recover.In the almost 15 years I've watched UNO grow and develop I've been a visitor, a student, an employee, and even a teacher. I'm proud of my degree (and hopefully soon a second degree).
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,10/8/2012,224,517,1,6,5>John Besh restaurants never seem to disappoint. Luke is one of his best because it is casual with great food at a great price. Ate here with some friends last night, we had the roasted chicken, the fried oyster and avocado salad, bread pudding and creme brûlée for dessert. All was top notch with flavor that is New Orleans own. Next time I go though I must try the seafood courtboullion which is Besh's version of a local classic. You just can't go wrong with John Besh.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,10/30/2010,102,210,2,7,5>Cafe Atchafalaya is a few blocks from our house.  We tried it one night and loved it!  The owner sat us at our table and constantly came to check on us.  Started with the ceviche and then had the fried green tomatoes for dinner and my husband had the fish.  Delicious!  Then finished with the Bread Pudding, which was more like a custard than pudding but still good.  A little on the trendy side, but the food is delicious and the staff is more than friendly.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2010,10/29/2010,61,96,2,12,5>My friend showed up one day with the most hip and adorable hair cut.  I have curly hair so I'm always a little envious of you straight peeps.  She told me she got her hair cut at Urban Angels, so I did a little background check of their pictures online and admit I was a little intimidated.  Based on the pictures it looks like they create super hip and edgy styles.  Not really for me.  Give me a shout, but I haven't found anyone who can define my curly locks.  I put my trust in Billy.  I was nervous but let him do his work.  At one point I put my magazine down because I couldn't stop watching him work.  He gives so much attention to detail.  I've never seen anyone cut hair like him.  He taught me how to style and gave me tips to tame frizz that I've never heard before.  Needless to say, I got the best hair cut ever!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,10/28/2010,83,254,2,3,3>Love Trashy Diva!  I must have shied away because the name totally turns me off but now that I know how wonderful it is, I am a loyal follower.  There are tons of stores here that sell pretty dresses but I had no idea that the owner designs the clothing herself!  I love the sort of vintage/retro feel of the clothes.  I'm the kind of person who could go through the rest of life wearing a Betty Draper style shirtdress and be totally happy so if that's your style, you will love this store.  Sizes run from 2-18 but go often because once they are out, that dress is done!  I saw a dress that I ADORED but they only had a size two left and I am still moping about it.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,10/27/2010,25,90,6,10,7>Went on a Sunday afternoon.  The brunch menu was short and full of classic brunchy dishes at reasonable brunch prices.  "Small plates" does mean small though, you might want to get a side with that french toast.  I recommend the grits because they make GREAT grits (is it weird to get excited about grits?)  Service was a little slow, which wasn't really a problem except I kept finding the bottom of my $10 bottomless mimosa.I wasn't sure what to expect from the rest of the place, having never been to a clothing-optional club.  I was impressed!  The bartenders are topless and waxed and oiled and beautiful.  The pool area was full of people in various states of undress, mostly minding their own business or chatting at the bar.  There was some europop style music going in the background but nothing instrusively loud.Even if you didn't plan on going for a swim, you might as well check it out because you don't need a suit and clean towels are only $1.  Just borrow some sunscreen, OK?
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,10/26/2010,30,32,4,9,6>Le Richelieu is my old standby hotel in New Orleans. My love for it is primarily because of the charm, but first I have 2 words for you: Free parking.As far as I know, Le Richelieu is the only hotel in the Quarter that offers free parking. And I don't mean one of those "theoretical" free parking situations where none of the spots are ever open because the lot consists of like 3 spaces. I have seen the Richelieu lot at/near capacity during busier seasons, but I have never been unable to park there. This is something you must consider when doing a price comparison of hotels, with many hotels in the area charging $25-$30 a day. And with parking being self-park, that means you won't be wasting your stay away waiting for the valet to bring your car.In addition to offering free parking, Le Richelieu is on the quiet end of the Quarter. So what does this mean for you, dear traveler? Aside from the fact that it is (duh) quiet, it means you have easy access to all that the great city of New Orleans offers outside of the French Quarter. So if you have your heart set on staying in the Quarter but don't want to be limited to the confines of the area, the location and free parking of Le Richelieu will hook it up.This hotel has character, but not the euphemistic "this is a shithole that I'm gonna suffer through for the character" kind of way. I've always found the hotel to be clean. You might call it dated or you might call it retro depending on your aesthetic sensibilities, but Le Richelieu is most certainly unique. With black and white checkered lobby floors, a quaint cafe and bar, old cigarette machines, a landscaped courtyard and pool, and real metal keys, Le Richelieu offers New Orleans charm on a budget. I've always found the staff to be very friendly, particularly the woman that usually works the front desk. I recently had a very nice conversation with her about her fishing trips to Grand Isle. Other perks of note:- Mini-fridges in the room  - Cafe Envie is a block away if you want to grab a beverage or quick bite but don't want to eat at the on-site cafe.- Free wirelessLe Richelieu is a great value, and if you aren't one of those that insists on getting much more than you paid for, it's an excellent option.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,10/25/2010,17,57,7,17,6>How do I begin to sing praises in order to convey the fantasticness/fabulousness/ all the other Rachel Zoe jargon conveying amazingness that is Swap? I will take a gander. Ultimately, Swap has singlehandedly eliminated my need to ever go to Lakeside Mall or Canal place, and has given me the wonderful ability of clicking delete when I get a sale notice from Banana or J. Crew because I know I can get the item at Swap in the same condition for less money.  First, the owner, Michelle, is fabulous. It is like she has read every how to make your employees and people around you respect and love you book on the market. Or maybe it's innate for her. I don't know. Michelle is a genuinely kind person, who signs every single one of her business' emails with every single store associates name. In a world of faceless corporations, that means a considerable amount.Swap discounts items on a schedule. I know they do at 30 and 60 days, so you can take a gamble and watch an item if you are in love. Swap has only been open for a little over two years, and nearly half of my wardrobe went to be consigned there and the other half has been rejuvenated by it. My finds include Theory shirt dresses for 15 dollars, silk Club Monaco skirts for under 30, Coach wallets and wristlets, Tory Burch clutches for under 100, a Guess red peacoat that was Blair Waldorf worthy for under 70, banana republic silk tops, etc. How did this happen you say? Michelle opened her store in a section of town that has wealthier liberal arts schools literally 2,500 feet away (tulane and loyola) and is wedged in a wealthier part of new orleans. So, an influx of a revolving market with a disposable income. Brilliant! She works her butt off to get the word out about her store to New Orleans' ladies who lunch who then bring their garmets here. (Thankfully) There is no hipster ridiculous pretentiousness here (Im lookin' at you Buffalo Exchange) and they are always kind when you consign your items. I have never been treated anything but wonderfully by Michelle and her crew. If you are in the area, make a point to stop here. Honestly, I would work here for free if it were legal, but well, we both know there are labor laws.note: sign up for store emails because Swap loves coupons as much as you budget fashionistas do, and they also have an ebay edition of their store.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,10/24/2010,230,290,2,3,2>First off, hands off to our server (on my first time there) for arranging for one of our dinner mates to be "iced." Well played.I love this spot for their apps and crudo selections but I have to be honest, after my first visit I decided that this was a spot best suited for the above mentioned only, as well as drinks. Skip their mains. On my first visit we had a large table (5) so we all had the chance to sample a good variety of entrees... none were that impressive. But, the apps and crudo... WOW! Everytime going to Meson is brought up we make sure to have at least three people with us so we can validate ordering just about every seafood offering from the app/crudo section. The wine list is okay as well, and from my experience, the staff is more than able to correctly suggest pairings to you and your guest(s)!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,10/23/2010,151,15,2,4,3>To call me a regular here would be like suggesting that I'm here less than the majority of the staff, which is hardly the case.The Orange Couch is veritably my office. I average at least 20 to 30 hours a week there in it's sleek minimal whiteness, tucked behind my laptop for meetings, work, and socializing.It is definitely out of sorts from nearly any other coffee shop in New Orleans, it would fit more aptly in San Francisco or NYC, but that makes it a welcome respite from the majority of dingy, shoddy coffee cafes throughout the rest of the Crescent.Coffee is some of the best in the city, although not up to par with say Stumptown in Portland, Vivace in Seattle, or Cafe Grumpy in NYC, but for New Orleans there is little better. That and I've yet to have chai in any coffee shop anywhere that rivals it's homemade gingery-star anise-lemongrass goodness.Rather than having the dull affair of common pastries, it mixes it up with mochi ice cream, quiches, mochi cake, and vietnamese food (only on fridays) to sate your appetite.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2010,10/21/2010,284,730,6,6,6>Spent quality time with co-workers for a relaxing happy hour. And, relax we did. Great tacos of all kinds and varieties, tasty nachos big enough for a crowd or an entree for two, and big-ass girly drinks that sneak up on you. Our server was attentive and friendly.The only drawback of the evening: my mojito tasted and looked like acifidity. Google it.A prime spot for people-watching and to while away the hours with a few adult beverages...let's start now.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,10/18/2010,43,352,9,17,12>The time came to find a new rental simultaneously for myself and two of my best, both of whom were ready (damned economy) like me to slip out of the solo-pad sanctity and combine our presidents for an easier, free-er, and more fitting to our combined lifestyles (zen-psychosis-insomniac-ergasioamenomania) housing arrangement.  Of course, because we are timely if not geniuses, we decided this (or had it decided for us) just about a month into the school season, long after mommy and daddy deleted most of our price range and wants from the market for the (oh so blessed) university population.  If any of our factors like price-range or bedroom number or desired neighborhood would have been different, or adjustable, the available apartment market would have been far vaster and easier to maneuver, but for us, (bah! and alas!) it was thick (like the gulf seafoam right now) and (also like the gulf seafoam right now) pickin's were slim (and chemical-ly).So after the (very necessary in this town) foot search and futile wading through puddles (i wrote piles first but they aren't that anymore) of dead medium classifieds (newsprint, i mean), it was time to call agents.Honestly, i called Villere first namely because of his small but actual Yelp presence, but also called three other agents with various agencies based on word of mouth references (like you do, usually.)  Jean-Paul was (the only one who was actually) on that shit, and fast.  While other agents did the requested (but not difficult and certainly rote) database search and even showed us a place or two, Villere not only found and showed us an option with wonderful potential (but alas was not the One), but proved by open candor and actual (human-relation based) knowledge on the property (and property owner) that all other agents we dealt with did not.  He was rocking on the porch chair when we met, comfortable, and totally natural and painterly in that setting.  That image is one that has stayed with me since then, and maybe because it was at that moment, walking up the steps to that porch, i could tell that he should be my friend.  Pretty good start for a real estate agent.Better: a few days later we found another listing we wanted to see through another agent, one who takes special attention for people with pets (as i have an amazing doggie who was of course non-negotiiable- one of the things that made our hunt more difficult).  So i called her but she was going to the Saints game in San Francisco, wouldn't be back till next week, etc.  Of course i asked if she would mind if i looked at the property with another agent, no problem, and guess who i called?So... of course the listing was actually with a 3rd agency, not the one who sent it to me originally and of course not officially with the (un?)affiliated Villere.  But Jean-Paul didn't flex or sweat, and he showed us the property (with the same gentle veracity, honesty, and awesomeness he displayed before), even enjoying our various eccentricities and diligent (anal and demanding) curiosity, participating actively in our thought processes and the dissemination of what we were finding.  We went for it- but of course there were things to be discussed, concessions to be made on and agreed upon, and Mr. Villere worked for us and with is to get it all accomplished.  Important to dwell upon is that this all unfolded rather easily despite our own (and the property owner's) complications, and Jean-Paul made it easy all the while showing just how important it is to employ the services of not only someone skilled and apt at what they do, but  who also very clearly enjoys the progress and social aid they bring to the community they are essentially helping shape and mold.  While the other agents we talked to and employed were certainly of the former category, Jean-Paul is definitively ahead of the curve in the latter.(Quick side note: i think maybe the pet lady might have potential, but being eschewed two days before travel for preparation for football while knowing the expressed urgency of our request dropped her from the list.  Very generous of her to pass off the commission, however.)Villere Realty operates in Real-time.  Jean-Paul texted, emailed, called, smoke signaled (not really), and waved seaman's flags (that woulda been sweet) in constant communication every step of the way.  Other agents sent an email, maybe, to follow up on disappointment, but little else.  Villere went the extra mile, cared and built a relationship with me and my roommates, and (if by no other demonstration than this very long yelp review) impressed upon me yet again the difference that the heart and soul of New Orleans makes upon any and every action and relationship it is allowed to manifest in.  Mr. Villere helped us find a home-- nay! he fought for us to find one- in our Home, and he did it first and foremost by being part of it already.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/14/2013,201,188,3,5,5>This has become my all-time favorite pizza joint in NOLA!  I can't believe I've never been here before.  Lord why oh why did you not tell me that I've been missing out on greatness?  I honestly had no expectations coming here the first time but I must say I left in love.  When it comes to pizza, I can be fairly picky about crust and ingredient proportionality, but I must say Midway nailed it for me!  My friend and I ordered the infamous Thunderbird.  Like seriously, if you're coming here for the first time, YOU MUST TRY IT!  I've been here a few times since my first visit and always have to at least make the pizza half Thunderbird, because it's just that dang delicious.  The red pepper aioli sauce that accompanies this perfect pizza is just DIVINE!  I've also tried the Herb Tarlek and Smokey Treat; both good, but honestly nothing has yet to top that godly creation that is the Thunderbird.  And honestly, not only were the toppings amazing together, the crust of the pizza was just heaven.  Perfect texture: not too hard or soft, but the perfect median.Also, DO NOT miss out on the Roasted Polenta Cake.  I was hesitant to try it at first, but my sister was VERY adamant about me trying this dish.  Thank goodness I did, because it's fantastic!!  The marinara sauce was so freakin good!  And I'm also a sucker for mushrooms and spinach, so yes it was an instant hit.  And the texture of the cake?  As perfect as Midway's deep dish crust.Please don't miss out on this gem.  You wont regret it!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,11/13/2013,242,340,,8,7>We went there for brunch and enjoyed ourselves. I like the worldly concept of the menu and clean, updated interior. Seems like the owners put thought into it. The beer menu had an interesting point or two so my husband tried a beer he hadn't had and I tried the Bywater Bomber daiquiri. The daiquiri was lovely, light refreshing. The rosewater ingredient was a nice touch. I recommend stopping by for breakfast because the portions are good and the atmosphere is relaxing.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/12/2013,71,63,4,11,11>Well, it's time for another house project and we need some lumber.  It looks like a trip to Home Depot is in order.  I guess that means me sorting through piles of warped boards, loading them one by one onto a wobbly cart, then pushing said cart a few hundred yards to my vehicle, then  lifting them one by one into the vehicle, right?   Wrong.  Screw that.No, it's time to graduate to a real lumber yard, and you won't even have to leave the city to do it.  Markel Lumber is tucked away in a warehouse a block from Jeff Davis and Earhart which is basically like 15 minutes from anywhere in the city.  These guys are the real deal.  They have pretty much anything you want in any length you want.  They'll even load it onto your truck for you and discuss the merits of classic horror movies while they do it.  Pull in, tell them what you want, then drive off with a truck full of consistent straight lumber.  That's how it's done my friend.  Did I mention that they are also cheaper than the big boxes?  Oh yes, 20% cheaper.  No excuses folks.  Please, get your wood in the right place from now on.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,11/11/2013,226,478,,4,2>A great family event for a good cause. The food was great (cash) and the beer selection was good. The live music was an added bonus! Overall, I discovered three beers I did not have before that I will be looking to buy more of. Parking wasn't all that bad if you have a car that can park on the grass. #nola
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,11/10/2013,33,141,8,6,6>The definitive dive bar, I have tried to explain this place before and even I didn't believe it was real, like something out of  Diagon Alley. It looks like a shed in some random dude's backyard, but in a good way. I think there was a tree growing through the middle, but I don't even know anymore.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,11/9/2013,222,108,,4,4>What a great experience!Wife and I went here today for lunch and loved it.  We both had the Cuban with cochon de lait and it was fantastic!  Service was great and the atmosphere was great as well.  I will recommend this place all day.PS Beer selection was pretty solid as well.  6 beers on tap(Abita, NOLA, Brooklyn, Magic Hat for craft beer) and a decent bottle selection as well.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,11/8/2013,120,138,4,7,8>We ordered some lunch to go from here recently. We weren't sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. I got the pulled pork plate with baked beans and a baked potato. The meat was tender and good. I liked that the beans had a slight kick to them. (There were small pieces of jalapeno mixed in.) My boyfriend got the combo plate with the pork and brisket. The brisket was just as good also. The bbq sauce was a bit watery. We did not care for it too much. Since we had brought our food home we had other sauces we could use.Overall, it's a simple little place with really good quality meat. I would definitely go back.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,11/7/2013,61,118,2,9,3>My sweetie and I walked here for a quiet Sunday lunch and toddled home happy and well fed. Occupying the space that housed Rocky's pizza for years, Basin has done a nice, simple renovation that has opened up the room to achieve their end: a casual, rustic meets industrial chic space for enjoying cleverly tweaked classic seafood dishes.   We had heard the char grilled oysters were the best in town and while I still award that crown to Drago's (44 years in a row!), they were big, fresh and delectable and the 1/2 dozen for $11 is a pretty sweet deal.   I wanted the grilled tuna steak sandwich but they were out of the appropriate bread so I sampled the shrimp po-boy, which was top notch (the added touches of grilled bread and remoulade sauce made the large, beautifully fried shrimp sing) and Paige loved here fried oyster po-boy (those suckers were huge) and gave two thumbs up to the cocktails (ginger mojito and a variation on a French 75).    Dinner looks to be excellent and we will certainly pop by for some boiled crawfish soon, so don't be surprised if this review is revised to 5 stars.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,11/6/2013,113,44,6,10,6>You should come here.  I don't care if you need pets or pet supplies, or not.  You should just come here.  On rainy afternoons, I'll bring my kids here just to buy the dog a treat if I don't really need anything.  Why?  Well, for example, last time we went, we got to pet a kinkajou for as long as the thing would let us.  And laugh hysterically at the cartoonishness that is a gigantically pregnant prairie dog.  And touch several, that's right, SEVERAL very big tortoises.  Like, rideably big.  And that was just our last visit.  They have the most interesting exotic pets for sale here, always.  And it seems to be ever changing.  Once, they had many baby chameleons.  Another time, tons of prairie dogs.  (Based on my last trip, I imagine we'll have a repeat of that sometime soon).  They also sell baby chickens and ducks, fish, wrens, parakeets, etc.  And they sell supplies for so many pets - this is my go-to place for guinea pig supplies in da parish.  So if you're out this way and want a chance to see some cool critters, check this place out.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,11/5/2013,295,505,4,8,7>great idea, Jen!This was a great way to enjoy Filipino food in its best way - shared family style. The Yelp crew was able to enjoy some great fried nibbles before the mains in thick sauces. everything over a bed of garlic fried rice, yes please! thanks to this preview, I'll be back for my Sunday tosilog fix!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/4/2013,526,986,5,11,9>"Some girl came in here and now we're on Yelp!"That's what the bartender said to me when I told her that I had recently heard about this dive through a friend of mine. That friend and the girl who put Pete's on Yelp are one in the same. I have Holly G. to thank for this latest discovery.What an awesome place! Totally unassuming bar located in the middle of a neighborhood. So unassuming, in fact, that one of the people I went with once lived 2 blocks away on the same street and had no idea it was there. It's like a secret clubhouse! It doesn't even have a sign!Really cool people and the bartender is really nice and friendly. Loved the jukebox. Got in there and played a little Beatles and Elvis. Yeah, it was that kind of night. There weren't a lot of people in there and it wasn't super smoky so that's also a big plus.Hours vary depending on the crowd. The bartender said sometimes they will close at midnight and sometimes they will close later depending on how many people are in there. I will definitely be back!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,9/3/2013,40,138,15,18,20>An oasis on Bourbon,dining here isn't a chore.Old-time New Orleans,you get what you pay for.You can't make reservations,in the main dining room.You could dine upstairs,but downstairs is who's whom.If dining for dinner,appropriate dress is a must.You forget your coat,a loaner, they will trust.Parking is not there,like many in the Quarter.No validation is granted,to make your time shorter.The drinks are made strong,but priced down to earth.The Sazerac is tasty,More booze than its worth.  But this place doesn't hurry;good food does take time.Sit back and relax,with your drink and a lime.Appetizers are tasty,Shrimp Remoulade to start.Crabmeat ravigotte continues,Puff-fried potatoes are art.The menu is wide-ranging, from streak up to fish.But listen to your waiter,who will design you a dish.The specials are alwayshighlight of the day.Take your servers advice,just order what they say.The crabmeat is sweet,the fish is divine.The steak is plain tasty,the extensive list of wine.Deserts are all sweet,even more than the crab.Cafe Brulot is the best,but you'll need a cab.This place is my favorite,for an old-time tradition.Galatoires for an occaison,will be your next mission.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,9/2/2013,87,388,6,7,4>The River Shack, an outpost of culinary excellence.  Not always phrases you would associate with each other.  Although, they did merge successfully this evening.  They had a five course wine and food pairing on a recent Tuesday night. Friends who often stop in a for drink and a burger told us about it.Dinner started off with a small glitch.  Whomever had been assigned the task of bringing the white table clothes had left them behind.  (What is a wine dinner without white linens for the tables?)  As we waited, (there was about 20 of us who signed up for the dinner), we were served flutes of Prosecco.  The sparkling white wine made up for the wait.  Dinner started with Lobster Thermidor (minus the shell) and a brandied bisque paired with a chardonnay.  The meal was now off to a great start.  That was followed by a Cajun style soft shell crab over kimchee and baby bok choy paired with a Sauvignon Blanc.  It's getting even better.  The third course was a sliced duck breast medallion over confit paired with a pinot noir.  With the quality of the food, I was beginning to wonder where I was.  The main course was a lamb t-bone with a small cheddar shepherd's pie, English peas, and baby carrots.  This was paired with a Cabernet Sauvignon.  Perfect.  Desert followed, a dark chocolate and pistachio stack.  Here you had a choice of a cream sherry or a brandy.  I took the brandy.If I hadn't experienced it myself, I would have doubted the words of anyone raving over the meal.  The chef apparently enjoyed himself making the meal.  It was great.  I was stuffed.  I understand they plan on doing it again in a couple of months.  We'll be back.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,9/1/2013,1085,123,17,7,3>In this modest vehicular path adjacent Earthling structure devoted to inserting various manifestations of flattened grain plants into one's digestive tract, you will find a heightened pleasure to your molecular sample receptors previously unknown to the typical long-term neural storage networks clustered within an average American bipedal primate's hardened calcium-enclosed neck weight.* Would you like the ion channels in your own muscular hydrostat to absorb the altogether similar ions in the sliced up muscular hydrostat of a previously homeostatically metabolizing bovine pasture mammal, within the confines of what is called a "chimichanga"?* Would you like to experience the unborn embryos of a grain-fattened generally flightless bird in a "ranch" sauce, aside repeatedly lipid-heated legumes and gaseous-water thermodynamically-accelerated paddy-cultivated cereal grains with even some coagulated infant-feeding protein fluid to complete the meal?* Would you like to rehydrate with a disaccharide-enhanced carbohydrate solution derived from the rectangular cell-walled pulp of numerous species of ripened flowering non-human ovaries?The answer to all of these is the creation of the sound: "Sí". Other acceptable pressure wave transmissions are: hai, ja, oui, da, yebo, and YES.For those reading this long after it has no longer become acceptable to exchange dried flattened soups of plant flesh, or magnetically-encoded series of 0s and 1s denoting stored "value", please take note: a visit here requires very little, as of this date established by the 2013th orbit (relative to the planet's only man born without the contribution of spermatozoa) of the third planet from the fairly nominal ball of fusing hydrogen in this particular galactic spiral arm.P.S. Earth is hilarious.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/31/2013,52,242,,5,4>I went to the Trolley Stop for a greasy breakfast after a late night involving copious amounts of liquor. The line and wait was disgustingly long, so I tried Please-U. the good:- the food. i ordered 2 eggs over easy w/hashbrowns, ham, and toast. the hashbrowns were real potatoes. i was kind of craving the sliced kind, but these were good. not as crispy as i would have liked but still GOOD!- the service. my server was super sweet and came to check on me several times.- the price. all my food was only $6.48! holy crap - for all that food? shoooot.what could be better:- when i walked in, the smell hit me first. not a BAD smell, just a smell that told me a renovation (i know, expensive) or a deep clean would be fantastic.Clearly the good outweighs the bad, so i will return. The Trolley Stop is good, but the Please-U restaurant is ALSO just as great!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,8/30/2013,280,118,,6,4>Recently a crew member of the Pirate was in town and wanted to grab a pizza.  The only place in town is Moe's, they took over the old Pizza Hut location.  I had been there when they first opened and wasn't impressed.  They were brand new and I didn't want to form any opinions before they had a chance to work out the kinks.I'm really glad I waited, it was late afternoon so we had the whole place to ourselves.  We were greeted right away and shown to a table by the window.  They had several TVs that would make this a great place to watch the game, since you can see a TV from every seat.  The menu has definitely changed, offering a great variety of pizza , burgers , sandwiches, wings , pastas and more.  Ziggy, the Pirates friend, opted for the Shrimp Alfredo while I ordered a hamburger with fries and little man order a pizza.  While we were waiting for our food, I used the time to get up and snap a few pics. I'm assuming they have a lunch buffet bar option, there is a marque out front that states specials.  When we went, there was only a small salad bar option.I also noticed a small sign saying that if we signed up with their text club we could get cheese sticks...but when the text came up it said it was expired.  They gal laughed and said oh no it's still good...that's a free $6.99 app just for signing up !!! As it turns out Moe's serves up some tasty food, Ziggy gobbled away at his pasta and garlic bread, my burger was super delicious even before I added ketchup and little mans pizza was cheesy, soft and crispy at the same time..Glad to have you in the neighborhood Moe...We'll be back!Insider tip: if you choose not to sign up for the text club, you can order a personal cheese pizza and have them cut several slices for only $3.99....It was roughly the same size and saved $3.00 ;)
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2013,8/29/2013,234,1331,11,10,5>They actually do have watermelon here along with watermelon punch, Obama punch, and Michelle punch (but for some reason no Ray Nagin chocolate punch).  This is mainly a chicken wing focused joint with the addition of chicken gizzards, red beans, jalapeno bombers, fries and the namesake watermelon.  They also offer the infamous 100 piece chicken.Cash only!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/28/2013,93,241,2,5,5>I've been here several times on several different occasions- date night, parents in town, dinner with friends... Every time it just does not disappoint! Great food, excellent cocktails, really, really great service. The I love the duck poppers, charbroiled oysters, the oyster spaghetti is amazing. We've never had an issue with the service, the food always comes out quickly and delicious and correct, I mean I just love this place. And I am really, really impressed by the service (which isn't always that great at all of John Besh's place - looking at you Luke and Dominica), this place is just really well run and I appreciate that a lot because I know I can bring out of town friends here and nothing is gonna get screwed up. Also, it has valet parking that is reasonable (10 bucks is cheaper than most places in the city). My only complaint is that the stuffed crab is now off the menu, a dish I really loved.  Anyways, get the oyster spaghetti it's so tasty!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,8/27/2013,79,329,2,5,5>How good an establishment is comes right down from the owner. And this one is the best.Ashley (and her family, under her watchful eye) continues the traditional of the Great NOLA Snoball, started by her grandparents. She embodies joy and love for her work and you can taste it in every handmade syrup-y icy bite. Seriously, her love is in each spoonful.The flavors run the gamut, from traditional (cherry, grape and nectar cream) to gourmet nouveau (cardamom, anyone?), all made by Ashley and her team. They're even using the same bottles that her Grandmother poured from decades ago. The line can seem intimidating, but get into that "Southern State of Mind" ,slow down and relax for a minute, chat up the people around you. You'll be at the front of the line in no time. Especially now that they routinely whip out a second machine on super-busy days. You'll want to order by cup size. For instance, you'll say, "I want a ($ amount) size." Then tell them your flavor(s).  Add any of the traditional toppings (condensed milk, marshmallow, or crushed fruit) and you're in for a treat found nowhere else.I'm there all the time. You'll see me, hanging out on the metal bench or under the sidewalk tree, adulterating my $4 Nectar Cream/Orangeade with a fine demerrara rhum. Stop and say Hi...
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,8/26/2013,127,182,5,12,9>Finally got to shop again at A Girl is A Gun after almost a year!  In a rush for something to wear to dinner in three hours, store owner Patricia was a HUGE help suggesting dresses and giving honest opinions, all while having great conversation (shes also a huge animal lover and just a cool gal)!A Girl is  A Gun still has a great inventory of pin up style dress brands like Stop Staring! but have added so many more purses, blouses, skirts, bathing suits, hair accessories, jewelery, shoes, fun tees, hosiery and even a sales rack.  Just like my previous review, the store is reasonably priced.  My dress was the same price on the Stop Staring! website, only I got to try it on prior to purchasing at A Girl is A Gun, didn't pay shipping, and supported a local business.If you haven't checked out this store, I highly suggest you do.  If you've been before, I suggest you swing back again, I'm so glad I did and cannot wait to return!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,2/25/2011,9,65,1,9,3>This is a 4.5 star review which has been rounded up for history, atmosphere, and value.I'm assuming most of the poor reviews here must be from tourists who didn't know what to expect before arriving.  Tujague's is one of the oldest restaurants in New Orleans and has most definitely kept its old school charm.  The dining room is filled with pictures of celebrities from days gone by all along the walls.  Tables are cloth-topped and waiters are tuxedo-clad.  There's no menu.  It's a fixed 5 course meal (on special occasions they alter the number of courses) that almost always includes their brisket.  Which I understand hasn't changed in its recipe since the beginning.  You can alter the courses if you need to, like substituting a different soup or changing the entree to something that they haven't informed you of (I'll get to this later).  Are any of the individual courses knock your socks off amazing?  No.  But altogether the meal is very satisfying and the sum of the courses more than warrants the cost of the meal.You don't come here for new takes on creole food, special, or unique dishes.  You come here for the atmosphere and the vibe.The bar is something to see, too.  There's a huge mirror behind a long cypress bar.  Other than the flat screen TV and LSU paraphernalia in the corner I doubt it's changed much since the 1800s.  The bartenders and knowledgable and will serve you excellent cocktails.  You can also order a la carte from the bar.  Here's an insider's tip - the best value meal in the FQ isn't even offered by the waiters in the dining room unless you ask for it specifically.  It's called chicken bonne femme.  A half order of that and a sazerac will run you under $20.  The bonne femme is a pan fried chicken topped with thinly sliced lightly fried potatoes, and garnished with an avalanche of parsley and garlic.  Go to the bar, order yourself a Sazerac and a half a chicken bonne femme, and thank me later.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,2/24/2011,160,165,,8,4>Man, these sandwiches brings back memories! I remember when I was young as hell and they use to sell these right out of their house through a window. If you are a banh mi eater, this is it. Same as they make it now, as they did way back then. The only difference is.. they now have a store to sell it out of! Located down the street from Dong Phuong. The french bread is always fresh. The meats are marinated perfectly. One of the best banh mi receipe ever made.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,2/23/2011,218,209,4,6,2>AY LappaCrawfish Pasta is the hardest dish to prepare the same consistently. There are so many different recipes, it can really screw your ego over. Trust me, Marigny I know the feeling, each time I try to cook it, it comes out a different way. Marigny is no exception to the rule.  I can't say there was a time when it was not tastie.  I just don't want to go to a restaurant and tell a chef how to cook my food. I want him to tell me.. I never tried the brunch but i will go back and review it for you fans..I think the TV is a little obnoxious for a restaurant, but that could be a great thing during Hornets or Saints games...
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/7/2011,2/22/2011,225,347,2,9,5>Tender pulled pork, savory corn pudding, flavorful mustard greens and velvety Mac & cheese. Relatively good. However, if you actually know good BBQ, you'll be disappointed. While this spot does it's best, the food is just ok. Personal commentary: New Orleans is clearly good for New Orleans style cuisine. Unfortunately, they don't do other types of food well (like BBQ or Chinese) in the Bayou. IM me if you have recommendations! Thx!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,2/21/2011,41,215,10,11,7>I heard good things about this place, but WOW.  I ordered the sandwich of the day, the Croque Monsieur, and a glass of blood orange iced tea.  I took one bite and my body just shut down.  Yes, the sandwich was so tasty that my body tried to stop time just so it could savor the moment.  This time-travel inducing sandwich has changed everything.Word of warning: not all sandwiches may the same level of awesome.  I tasted the turkey and, while good, it seemed rather generic.  Then again, a tuna steak seared by Jesus on the ark of the covenant  would have seemed a little bland compared to the richness that was the Croque Monsieur.The service was also excellent.  The staff was very friendly.  They took a while to bring out some of our soups and salads, and the head chef came out and apologized profusely and gave us all brownies.  The brownies were also divine, with a just the right amount of richness.I will definitely be returning.  Luckily at $9-11/sandwich, I won't have to sell my soul for a piece of heaven.PROTIP:  Check out their selection of sandwich/soup/tea of the day on the chalkboard under the register.  It was easy to miss, but everything on it was amazing.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,2/20/2011,147,473,6,10,8>Why on earth is a guy reviewing a women's shoe store? Two reasons:1. My wife is addicted to the place, and they really helped me out when she wanted shoes for Christmas. The employees were able to point me to directly what she wanted. They knew which size she get in that brand. they made it really easy on me.2. They have the largest selection of NOLA Couture ties around, and well those are the coolest ties ever.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/21/2010,2/19/2011,21,83,10,7,3>Interesting place and a nice change of pace from a lot of nola scene.  I can have fun here but definitely not my place, I don't think.  It reminds me a little too much of a high-school gossip girl wannabe scene and its pretty much just that with it's clientele.  Seems that everyone here loves to pretend to be important, wealthy, and good looking when these three aren't the case and it's lots of tulane kids/sketch people just acting.An okay place to get some drinks for an annoyingly-lit fashion show with bad fashion, but not a good enough club setting to go to it for a club and not a good enough bar setting for it to be a bar.  If I want a nice drink around good looking people I go to Cure.  If I want to see people in tight v necks and true religion jeans I can go to the republic.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,2/18/2011,120,138,2,4,5>This place has now become my favorite sushi spot in the city. Yes I still love Rock n' Sake and Wasabi....but I think the prices and variety of rolls at Sushi Brothers beats them. All of the different rolls I have tried have been exquisite. I highly recommend the Saints Black & Gold Roll.... mango, avocado and coconut shrimp tempura?! Melt in your mouth goodness!! The Special Brother Roll is another great one. Sushi Brothers has many specialty rolls to choose from, as well as the usual standard fare. I am not as impressed by their Miso Soup, but the rolls make up for it. They play great music at their location, but it is at a comfortable volume, so you can still hear the company you are with. I haven't dealt with any unfriendly staff there, but I'm sure everyone sometimes has an off night. Parking is free in a lot across the street. Their location is in a great spot right off the Interstate on St. Charles Ave. Looking forward to my next visit there!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,2/16/2011,129,52,,9,8>I was all set to write up Green Goddess a few weeks back, after my second visit for lunch.  Then I read through the restaurant's website and learned that Chefs Chris and Paul divide up the dinner and lunch (respectively) duties to the point where it's not fair to present just one, and I'd only been for lunch.&nbsp; I needed one more night to reach the "platinum" level with Marriott hotels, so Mrs. YatPundit decided to spend Sunday night downtown, at the Courtyard on St. Charles Avenue. I suggested we go to Green Goddess, and she approved.In addition to a very interesting menu, Chef Chris DeBarr does a seasonal "tasting menu" of small plates.  Five in all, it looked like fun.  Mind you, deciding to do the tasting menu was tough, given such dishes as the "Sorcerers Galette" on the menu.  It just means I'll have to get back soon to try that one.  Deciding what to get Helen was tougher, since she's picky.  We settled on the "Cochon de Lait/Lei"-pulled pork-for her.While perusing the menu, we sipped on a couple of glasses of P. Bottex, "Bugey du Cerdon," Sparkling Rosé.  I asked the lovely hostess/bartender (didn't catch her name, alas, if anybody from the restaurant reads this, please comment or tweet me so I can edit this) for a bubbly suggestion and she immediately came back with the rose.  The GG menu is right, this wine can hang with food, but I'm glad we made the dinner wine choice we did.Winter Caprese Salad.  The "streaks of sun-dried tomato tapenade," along with a most-excellent olive oil make this a great salad.  It's going to be tough to eat a caprese salad on a Delta flight after this.  Oysters Delacroix.  Ohman, were these good.  Poached in a cream-and-horseradish sauce, topped with applewood bacon and served on a piece ciabatta bread, this oyster dish can hang with all of the classics from the "old-line" places.  Sometimes seeing "horseradish" as an ingredient in a dish can put some folks off, worried it's going to be strong and overpowering.  Not so with Oysters Delacroix.  The sauce is subtle, the oysters (my first post-oil-spill erstas) were tasty, and that bread is just fantastic.  Bacon and oysters has long been a combination, from oysters en brochette to the "peacemaker" po-boy, and CDB has left his mark on the combo with this dish.We took Chef up on his white wine suggestion, Pezas da Portela, Godello, 2004.  Excellent, and very complementary to the seafood dishes in particular.  The Cochon de Lait-lei deserved a full-bodied red, but the Godello was subtle and tasty with the shrimp and erstas.Meaty Stuffed Piquillo Peppers.  Say "foie gras" to some folks and it puts them off, just like reading "horseradish."  That was Helen's reaction when she read this dish's description on the menu, but once she tasted it, I honestly thought we'd have to order another plate.  Chef Chris created a stuffed pepper dish worth of one of the best restaurants in the city.  the Piquillo peppers make a tasty container for a stuffing that is anything but "fossil food."  Mixing foie gras with ground beef, turkey, and pork gives this stuffing a fascinating consistency.  The meats transform the foie gras from a standalone taste into a unique combination.  The "brandied red pepper sauce" demands another allusion to Liquor, of course, but it's just right with this mix of meats.  The tasting plate included two, but I could easily see ordering two plates and making a meal out of just these.By now, we'd shared the equivalent of a couple of starters and splitting a salad, all from my "dinner" as it were.  I was wondering how Chef was going to serve Helen's entree in the context of us picking at my tasting menu choices.  They did it wonderfully, just serving it up as one of the plates.  This is "Cochon de Lait/Lei."  Wrapped in that banana leaf is some of the best pulled pork I've ever had.  It tasted like absolutely no other BBQ I've ever had, yet it was fantastic.  Seasoned right at the expectations of a New Orleanian, the pork is served with "sweet potato cakes" grilled on the flattop, and a heap of greens.Shrimp "Wearing a Grass Skirt".  The "grass skirt" is shredded phyllo.  By itself, the phyllo is an interesting texture mix with the shrimp.  Combined with "New Orleans barbecue shrimp sauce," it's a dish that rivals CDB's Oysters Delacroix as a dish which should be mentioned in the same sentence as Galatoire's Crabmeat Ravigote, Antoine's Oysters Rockefeller, Manale's BBQ Shrimp, and the Bud's Broiler #4 with sauce and onions.  Golden Beet "Ravioli" was the one course from my meal that Helen passed on tasting-some folks just don't like beets.  Not that I'm complaining, mind you, because this "pasta-less" ravioli was delicious. Chocolate Norwegian-French Toast.  Oh. My.  The mixture of goat cheese and bittersweet chocolate is incredible.  Combined with a glass of Port, it was a great way end dinner!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,2/14/2011,63,50,1,10,5>After hearing rave reviews about this place from friends, I finally got a chance to experience the awesomeness when Lum treated me here for my birthday.  There may be more famous steakhouses in New Orleans, but not one of them will have better food or service than Mr. John's.THE GOODAmbiance:  The moment you walk in, you know you're in an Italian steakhouse.  Tiled mosaic floors, wood-paneled walls, bare-bones decor...it's like you're eating in 1920s Chicago.  And an even better plus: it was not dim in the restaurant.  I could actually see the menu without straining because of the darkness, unlike some steakhouses in this city *cough* Ruth's Chris *cough*.Price Point:  Is it more expensive than a typical dinner out?  Of course, but compare the steak prices here to other fine-dining steakhouses in the city or around the country for that matter.  I was pleasantly surprised by all the prices on the menu as they were all lower than what I expected, and certainly less expensive than the bigger-name places.  Appetizers all $12 or less, salads all under $10, with a 10oz USDA prime filet mignon only $39?  That is more than fair folks.Spinach Salad:  Perfect cold dish between apps and steaks.  Fresh spinach leaves, perfectly crisp bacon pieces, non-overbearing vinaigrette.  Even better, since we were sharing the salad they split it into two bowls for us and put the ridiculously-tasty gorgonzola cheese on the side (due to the GF's diet restrictions).  Nice little touch that did not go unnoticed.Sides:  Both the asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes were done very well, especially in the way they were able to complement the steaks: no overpowering flavors, not even from the mash.  Another nice added touch was not cooking the asparagus in butter (their usual method).  It really takes very little for the chef to make accommodations like that, but it goes such a long way in pleasing the customer.THE GREATCowboy Steak:  Twenty ounces of bone-in ribeye AMAZING-NESS.  In my opinion, the best cut of steak possible, rarely offered at chain or even non-chain steakhouses since they tend to stick to the boneless ribeye.  Why is the bone-in legendary?  More robust flavor, more marbling, more meat texture...more everything in comparison to the boneless, and Mr. John's Cowboy Steak certainly delivers all those characteristics and then some more.  On their menu, they state that "steaks are seasoned with a little salt and pepper because a steak like this needs nothing else."  It's like they can read my mind and hear my heart's desires.  Perfect medium-rare temperature ALL THE WAY THROUGH, perfect amount of seasoning so you could truly taste the steak.  Utterly amazing.  Best piece of beef I've eaten since Morton's porterhouse about 11 years ago.  Actually, it's probably better.Filet Mignon:  Ten ounces of the most tender filet I've tried, period.  I think in all the years I've eaten steak, I've never had the opportunity to eat USDA prime filet.  Most big name places don't serve it (what you get is usually choice) and at places where they have had it, I usually go with the ribeye anyways.  While the bone-in ribeye holds the dearest spot in my heart, this filet really gives it a run for the money.  Almost melt-in-your-mouth tender, again with perfect medium-rare temperature and excellent simple seasoning.  Mr. John's truly knows how to respect and pay homage to their beef.Peppercorn Crusted Yellowfin Tuna:  Even the apps were excellent.  The peppercorn on the outside of the tuna sear really made the fish pop and have that extra depth that is sometimes lacking in raw foods.  The Asian slaw was a perfect complement to the tuna, and the citrus-ginger soy sauce just sent the dish over the top.  The combination of all the flavors worked very well together, and you could tell that whoever came up with the dish truly understood what it meant to have food items complete each other.  Very inspired appetizer.Duck Confit App Special:  At first glance, this was nothing super special.  Even as separate entities, the duck, the grits, and the vegetables were good, but not great.  Put it all on one fork, however, and it became phenomenal.  Once again, the chef absolutely meant for all 3 parts of the dish to be eaten in one bite, and it made total sense.Service:  Knowledgeable about the menu?  Check.  Personable and relatable?  Attentive without being overbearing?  Able to cater to specific dietary needs without prompting?  Did the extra little things that enhance a dining experience?  Checks all around.  Mr. John's does not offer the fanciest service in town, but their servers really know how to help make your meal as pleasant and memorable as possible.OVERALLIs there any question as to how much I loved eating at this steakhouse?  I'm so thankful to Lum for taking me here, and so thankful to Mr. John's for living up to my already-high expectations.  Steak-lovers:  Try it.  You'll love it.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,1/29/2013,173,142,3,11,5>For some reason I was always under the impression that this place was just a cut rate po-boy shop with a drive through - that is, until I ventured into the store on St. Charles with a large-ish group of friends for lunch. In order to truly capture the greatness of my experience, I will list the experiential highlights in chronological order:- there is no table service but, like a fast food drive through, you place your order at the counter.  being that I was with a big group, this was a particularly fantastic feature. even cooler is that they give you a number thingy and bring your food out when it's ready so you don't have to stand around with your thumb up your ass feeling in like you're everybody's way and you don't have to listen for your name/number in retched, awkward panic.- they have a full bar with all sorts of local beer and cocktail selections.  although I did not partake, on any given day but this, I would have been instantly relieved. :)- the menu is incredibly versatile! Delicious salads, pasta dishes, seafood platters, burgers, whatevs.  again, this is perfect for a large group or families.- the fountain drink selection is also pretty badass.  I can't remember whatall they had, but the feeling I got harkened back to the seemingly unlimited possibility as a child standing before a make it yourself slush puppy machine at 7-11.- legit food. I had the shrimp remoulade salad and it was PERFECT.- legit prices.  Aforementioned perfect salad was well under ten bucks, as were most menu items if I remember correctly.- FREE SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM. That is all.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/28/2013,127,182,2,6,3>Great location to sit and watch the streetcars pass by!  Super friendly staff, our waitress sat and chatted with us like old friends!  Full bar, if you're craving bloody marys, or anything else!A friend and I had breakfast before work at Cafe at The Square.  We were immediately please by how clean and just adorable the restaurant is.  Our server rocked, and most importantly our food was SOOO GOOD!  Like so good you know you should've stopped three bites ago, but cant stop, then you find yourself in a food coma for hours!I def look forward to returning, maybe on a weekend so I can try out the bar!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,1/27/2013,341,178,,7,4>I went to this nice little place for lunch today and was very happy I did. The menu is limited to salads, quiches, and sandwiches, but the offerings are all very authentically French or takeoffs on the classics. I had a small side salad which was mixed greens, chevre, sweet roasted pecans, and strawberries tossed with the perfect amount of vinaigrette,ie, it wasn't applied with a fire hose like most places do. All the flavors came through nicely. I also ordered a sandwich consisting of ham, brie, Dijon mustard, and a fig compote on a toasted baguette. Tres excellent.  My dining companion ordered the quiche of the day and loved it but didn't offer me a bite. (Place snarky comment here.) Both the sandwich and the qucihe were served with a quinoa salad. Very nice as well. Oh and the egg dishes served only til 11 looked really good as well.  I will def go back and I'm guessing if I do I'm raising it to 5 stars. I just hate to do it on one visit.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,1/26/2013,162,269,4,7,3>Here's your warning: I'm drinking and Yelping.Let's start with the phone experience: It's a little hurried and a little loud, but that means the salon/spa is just hopping. The phone elves are really nice and sweet, though. I got my question about my service answered when I called for an appointment before the official business opening, too. Rad. And the building itself: It's adorable. Spa Isbell is in a house that's been restored, reformed, and re-done. Neat! This involves some creative reapportionment of space with lots (AND LOTS) of stairs, which makes things interesting after certain services. Ahem. The salon is on the first floor, with the spa services on the second and third. I think the massage rooms are along a balcony with the facial and skin treatments in a main room. The waxing studio is on the third floor in a very tiny room. Some of the stairs are exposed to the weather, too. Interesting. The staff? Well, they're darn cute. No one is super-young and strapping. Most of the staff are in their late 20s or above. I note this because salons and spas and stuff with staff that's below the drinking age usually make me feel really old and dumb and crummy. I prefer a calmer, more polished staff that's comfortable in their jobs instead of people who are jittery on Red Bull and last night's vodka. The staff at Spa Isbell was hip but comfortably so, appropriately chill. I didn't feel too square. (I'm a total square sometimes.) My particular staffer was Amanda, and she was lovely. She was unflappable when I asked her questions about what was going on, and she told me as much as I needed to know. OH! Right! And not once did I hear a comment on the state of my...uhhh...pudding cup. It was reassuring to not have her make faces or even offer compliments. I don't really know how to review my particular service without having my review removed. You can imagine the awesome things I had done while I tell you that it was better than I expected, although a friend was amazed that I spent the afternoon walking around. The services at Spa Isbell aren't cheap, but they are on-par with similar salons and spas in the area. I thought it was worth my time, especially because my service took nearly an hour when it was supposed to be about 30 minutes. (Don't get me wrong; this isn't the fault of the aesthetician. It was my issues with both pain and my particular needs. Amanda was great.) Accessibility notes: Building is full of stairs. No noted elevator. Rooms are loud. No Braille signage. High counter.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,1/25/2013,10,82,,6,2>I am a big fan of Tommy's Cuisine and have been for years.  It is just like Irene's without having to walk all the way to the quarter.  The menu is fantastic with classic creole sytled italian dishes.  I ordered the softshell crab over linguini with crawfish sauce.  A fantastic treat.  My wife had the veal picatta special - maybe even better than the softshell crab.  A must here is to start with thier Oysters Rockefeller - in my opinion they are the best in all of New Orleans.  Yes, this is a big statement, and yes they use spinach (Antione's claims that they do not use spinach in the original recepie), but for me they are the bomb!  When I crave Oysters Rockefeller, only Tommys can cure the craving.  If you haven't tried thier Oysters Rockefeller, you are missing out!  The service here is always first class.  Old schoold waiters with italian accents, just add to the whole experience.  For me, Tommy's represents one of the best choices in the Warehouse District.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,1/24/2013,126,75,4,7,4>After the first bite, I was like "holy mother of mary, this is the da *beep*."I ordered the special gulf fish sandwich, and I immediately thought "5 star." Go figure, right? I wish I remembered what I ordered exactly so that I could describe it better but alas, it was simply good. Fresh. And flavor? Amazing. Then I had a bite of the added apple wood bacon w/ farm egg ($2 extra) burger plus Zinfadel-bacon-onion-compote (extra $1). Although it was just average, it was a good restaurant average. The special compote sauce is consumer specific. I wasn't a fan of it but it is a unique touch probably made for a fine tune pallet interested in fine wines and caviar -- which ain't me.Plus, I ordered the burger medium plus (type of medium-rare bit) and it came out cooked well. So...it wasn't disappointing because I was really focusing on the contents. So overall, a good average restaurant burger.As for their fries? Good restaurant average. I presume homemade cut? They also have special sauces...and those were good but nothing special (even tho they are unique -- homeade ketchup and a mayonnaise-siracaha mix). And atmosphere? I love the feel. Very stylish. And I would say a woman had to add the finishing touches b/c even the men's bathroom smells awesome. Good job women.Overall, good-to-great food with a great seating atmosphere...that is served by mostly women. Sexy, haha -- kidding. Well, it might have been a one night aberration but you'll definitely find something to satisfy the palate. Bon appetite. *PS - this is based on one experience.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,1/23/2013,107,129,4,9,6>Vincent's has made one of the top 3 Vegan meals enjoyed by my favorite vegan and I can happily say I've never had a bad meal here. And Vincent himself makes sure everyone is taken care of and even finds time to say "hello" for a minute. He also makes sure you drink all your wine. Almost every time he passed he topped off our glasses. Bea's meal was a simple pasta dish that she declared was better than what she remembers of alfredo. I had the fish with crabmeat cream sauce.Vincent's is a pretty lively and crowded place yet surprisingly can still make for a romantic dinner. I also think I have the Louis Prima CD that was playing that night.Over the years Vincent's has definitely become a place I enjoy making return visits.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,1/22/2013,148,326,1,9,4>Since moving to Lakeview last Mardi Gras, there has been a period of "adjustment". Lakeview is a different kind of neighborhood than the rest of NOLA and with that comes different shops and grocery stores. Lakeview Grocery reminds me of the grocery store in my old neighborhood in Richmond, VA. The employees of this store are super helpful and friendly and they seem to take pride in their market. This is not a big chain store or even a Rouse's. This is a good and bad thing. The items made in-house (hot food items, salads, po'boys, etc.) are all excellent. It is great to be able to grab a salad or some hot mac and cheese on the way home. Unfortunately due to their size they cannot offer the selection of the bigger grocery stores. Their prices are still very competitive though and this keeps it my usual grocery store. Overall: A very cute and clean interior, friendly staff, and quality products.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,1/21/2013,113,44,13,10,8>Yesterday, I didn't need gas, but I noticed the price for gas here was $2.81/gal.  The next closest gas station on St. Claude, the Shell on Franklin & St Claude, had gas for $3.19/gal.  What a difference a bridge will make, huh?  So, there's that cheap gas thing.  Also, if you haven't been here since it's become a Brother's, you should know that the pumps have a pay-outside option.  It wasn't always like that.  The location may seem a bit sketchy, but it can be entertaining to loiter here, like I did the day I locked myself out of my car while pumping gas.  I had just come from the gym all sweaty and spandexed, was distracted by my thoughts, and locked everything but my debit card in my car.  A guy selling illegal CDs for $1 let me use his phone to try to call my mom and my ex, but neither was around, and those are the only two numbers I know by heart anymore.  After Illegal CD Guy was shooed off the property by the owner, I convinced the owner to let me use his phone to call AAA.  Although he suggested Pop-A-Lock, I figured AAA might be cheaper or free since I have AAA Plus, so I opted to wait the 45 minutes for them, much to the station owner's aggravation to be losing $ at that pump.  It was pretty hoppin' that day.    To make lemonade, I went inside and found among the strong selection (?) of muscato and crayon-colored "wines" a plastic split of Cavit Pinot Grigio, so I decided to take my loitering up a notch with the small brown bag look.  At least I still had my debit card, and the owner laughed a little when I bought my wine for my wait.  He was warming up to me, I thought.  I went outside, and a guy asked me for change.  I told him my hard luck story, and then we loitered next to each other in silence for a while before he wished me luck and shuffled off.  After that, a guy sweeping the parking lot asked me what I was up to, and I told him waiting for AAA although the owner had suggested Pop-a-Lock.  Sweeping Guy exclaims, "Baby, I'm Papa Lock!"  And he proceeds to disappear only to reappear quicker than a man his size should be able to move, this time with a slim jim.   Within no time, he and a random good samaritan had me reunited with my purse, cash, keys, and cell phone, and back on the road.  Turns out, Papa Lock doesn't even work there.  He just sweeps the lot.  Very friendly man.  Summary:  Good place to get locked out of your car.  Good place to loiter.  Not such a good place to sell illegal CDs.  Cheap gas.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,1/19/2013,214,152,4,13,8>Doh! I totally forgot to update my review! I have now gotten a piercing, as well as tons more tattoo work. Caleb is the best piercer I have ever been in contact with.I can get tattooed like a champ (for the most part), but for some reason, piercings make me more nervous and anxious. Caleb allayed my fears and ensured that I was comfortable and relaxed. It was over in a flash, and I was left with a perfect/pretty new nose stud. He even hooked me up with a jewlery re-fit after the piercing healed! I can't wait to get more work done (when I get the guts)!I also got tattooed by the EPIC Henry. He started a huge custom piece for me, and even texted me an idea for a change after the first outline- because he really cares about the work he puts out. He is hard to book for a reason..Every artist here has an impeccable portfolio and you should definitely go see for yourself if you have any doubts. Like I said in my earlier review, this is one of the finest shops in town. All the artists have many years under their belts and are kind, professional, and fun to be around. SUPER BONUS: they have crazy events/parties too! They had a bangin' grand opening party, and did $13 Friday the 13th tattoos too! How awesome is that??
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,5/24/2014,201,188,,8,6>Oh thank goodness!! Yet another glorious addition to mid-city!!! I immediately fell in love with this bar upon stepping my foot in the door. It's beautifully decorated with New Orleans-inspired artwork. They even have a large map of the city where you can stick a tack on the very street you live!  Treo is very contemporary which suits the fact that there's an upstairs art gallery just perfectly.  I'm a lover of anything aesthetically beautiful, so basking in Treo's ambiance felt just right. There's also an upstairs balcony area for anyone who wants to enjoy the weather or even have a smoke. The bartenders are also very friendly and great at what they do.  They offer house specialty drinks and also a large array of classics. They also make a pretty impressive Pimm's Cup, which I've pretty much tried at every bar I've been to.  I have a feeling this bar is going to be something great. I'm already becoming a regular here. Kudos to Mid-City!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,5/23/2014,99,352,10,10,9>I have been to Fulton Alley a few times, but have never bowled (I hate it) so this review is really on the bar experience, which has been superior thus far. The bartender, Chris knows how to make ah-mazing French 75s. Perfectly balanced in every way. I have had $12 and $13 French 75s and for charging $8.25 this one is right up there as far as taste and quality goes. I have also ordered drinks off the cocktail menu and have not been disappointed, but a good French 75 rings close to my heart. The space is absolutely beautiful. I love the colors and the lighting is just perfection. The staff is gracious, polite and helpful from the front/host desk to the bartenders to the management. I love that someone like me, who hates to bowl with a passion can still come to Fulton Alley and have a five star experience. On a side note,  people look at me like I'm a freak show when I say I hate bowling so before you chastise me I just want to point out that the olympics featured bowling in the 1988 summer games and it was such a disastrous display of a sporting event it never appeared again in the olympics. Try to argue with that, I dare you.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,5/22/2014,76,153,,6,4>This place was amazing!I am Not the biggest fan of Mexican-inspired cuisine, but this place has converted me! On the suggestion of my boyfriend, I tried a flauta for the first time and it was delicious! I was not sure about ordering a taco with only pico on it because when it comes to tacos I stick to meat and cheese, but I was very pleasantly surprised. The quality and flavor  of the steak on the taco was so wonderful I could have eaten only that for my meal and I would have been satisfied.I am also very picky when it comes to pico, but theirs was excellent as well.Don't let the fact that this restaurant is in a strip mall deter you because it is an outstanding quality and price. My only complaint is that I wish they had an outdoor area. This place deserves the best location with as many bells and whistles as possible. Fortunately for them, they don't need any of that; their food sells itself.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,5/21/2014,159,87,3,10,6>Oh Mama! How did I only recently learn of your existence? I have truly been missing out.This is a very small hole in the wall restaurant. I think they have 8 or so booths, the table cloths are old and very worn out, the outside is not attractive and you may not expect much from this place, but don't judge until you try it.The pizza here is Fantastic! They offer a variety of gourmet pizzas including garlic chicken, Abita shrimp pizza, eggplant, Texas grand BBQ chicken and many more. You can also of course build your own which is what I did.They also have a wide variety of sandwiches which you can have turned into a calzone!Appetizers, salads, homemade pasta....they have it all.In my quest to find the best pizza in the area, Mama's is close to the top and I'll be a regular. Just thinking about it is starting to make my mouth water. Dinner tonight?
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,5/20/2014,83,254,3,9,6>I never thought I'd be dining al fresco on a beautiful patio located...at the corner of Carrollton and Tulane? I saw how nice the exterior was as we pulled up but it really is even nicer than you can imagine once you are seated on the patio. We didn't go inside so I can't speak to that. I wanted to order one of everything but I restrained myself. We started with the banh mi sample, I liked the shrimp the best but husband liked the other two. I recommend just getting a banh mi instead though, just to get the bang for your buck. We also got the pork roll and pate banh mi and the serving size was much more than the appetizer. They were out of pork belly, so sad, so we didn't sample any of that.  Grilled shrimp spring rolls were good, caramel catfish was very good and the green papaya salad was my favorite!Staff was great and welcoming. We will definitely be back often. So glad this is on the neighborhood!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,5/19/2014,23,23,10,9,6>The food is banging and cheap and it feels like you're eating in your grandma's tacky parlor. The furniture might have actually been hers before she died and it all went to Goodwill. That's sad, but then you'll look at the sophisticated young urbanites around you, wearing the same clothes your cousins did in the '90s when you would visit your now-dead grandma, and you'll cheer up a little.Then you'll remember the awesome plate of vegetarian food and jar of iced coffee set you back only $11 and you'll just feel really great. THE END.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,5/18/2014,224,517,,8,4>I stopped in here for a cocktail before I ventured on over for dinner at Tivoli and Lee. I was right in time too because it was happy hour. They had a very nice happy hour drink selection of their favorite and most popular drinks. On this particular cool damp day I decided on the hot toddy which was excellent. Served in the correct toddy glass with both orange and lemon zest it was perfect and one of the best I have ever had in the city. Also a big thumbs up on the complimentary happy hour food which consisted of Hors d'oeuvres such as a great bruschetta among others and a great cheese and olive platter. This is very much a go-to happy hour spot if your in the area.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/17/2014,64,34,2,8,4>Looking for an Irish pub?? Tracey's is your place. Went yesterday with three people and we ordered an enormous amount of food.  I got the Ruben and chicken wings. I was a bigger fan of the wings.  There was also gravy fries floating around the table I recommend you try and order.  The roast beef sandwich was also a hit at the table. Along with the oyster po boy! All the food is exactly what you were expect from a pub. The inside is spacious so bring all of your friends and grab a few cheap drinks and some food! Cheers!!
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/16/2014,242,340,4,11,6>Happy dance! Fast and affordable Chinese close to my worky placey! The lunch portions come with fried rice and an egg roll. I chose well with the Hunan Shrimp. It was delish and enough for two lunches. The best part is that it had lots of shrimp and was under $7. I called ahead and my order was ready...like BAM.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/15/2014,42,10,6,8,7>Every time I visit The Remedy Room, I leave feeling spectacular!    Now, I have never visited with a horrendous hangover... Yet... But I can imagine I'd feel spectacular then as well!  The first time I visited was after my knee surgery; I was feeling the onset of a cold/flu and didn't want to get completely and utterly sick.  I got an IV with a ton of vitamin C, went to bed early that evening, and my symptoms cleared up within a day!  I have gotten several IVs since then, and always leave feeling refreshed.  An added benefit:  all the extra hydration makes your skin look fantastic!  After each IV, I've had several friends ask me if I got a facial that day... Because apparently I'm luminous! Feeling healthier AND looking better? Win-win!I'm only giving four stars just because the price points here are high.  An IV is $150ish, and I realize that isn't very convenient for most people.  I've only been able warrant spending that because I will get an IV in leu of a monthly facial (in my mind it's a 2 for 1 deal).  The B12 shots are quick and cheap, though, and at $20 a pop, I'll stop in for a quick pick me up most weekends. The atmosphere is relaxing and inviting (somewhat like a spa relaxation area), and all the ladies who work at The Remedy Room are quite efficient and wonderful.  Overall I'm quite happy to have this new business in town!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,7/23/2014,125,204,4,8,6>Awesome little breakfast/brunch place!Nothing fancy - but what they do, they do quite well!The benedicts are possibly the best in town - the thin slices of tomato added to the standard eggs/English muffin/Canadian bacon really make the dish stand out.  It's a simple but quite effective touch.  Another excellent dish consisted of a bowl of grits topped with crumbled up bacon, cheese, and fried eggs - nothing but a bowl of pure awesomeness.The place is rather small, but the interior makes good use of natural light.  It's actually a very pleasant space in which to start a weekend day.  Service is friendly and efficient. It's just a good atmosphere all around.Like I said it's a small space - it does get quite crowded on the weekend. You will probably have a bit of wait. It's totally worth it!Bottom line: you will like it!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,7/22/2014,63,212,2,7,4>no question here. had a friend come into town and lucked up with a table on the second saturday of jazz fest. since we had a long night ahead of thievery corporation melting our faces, we just snacked on some apps. the sweetbreads. oh, good god almighty - those sweetbreads. perfection, if not a frog's hair away. i regret not having ordered another plate of them. goat cheese crouton - perfectly rich and two pieces was just enough because of the richness. i could've eaten two but had to save room for...the rabbit. served with mini sweet potatoes. now this app could have been substituted for a meal. it was pretty big for an app. the rabbit was perfectly cooked - crispy on the outside and not dry at all. had zero expectations of being disappointed in any way at all. this was my first bayona meal in probably 5-6 years, and thankfully it has not changed. one of my top spots.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,7/21/2014,15,123,3,5,3>So we started bringing the boy to the Trailhead so he can run around the water fountains. Afterwards we hit up SS for snowballs, and usually take home some bbq. the snowballs are great, and while i think the Chinese food containers for them are cool, they can leak out the top so be careful with them. I fashion myself as a connoisseur of snowballs. You can never really have too much syrup on snowballs, but you can definitely have too little. The SS is generous with their syrup. The ice is also very soft, not Snobliz soft, but this place is so much closer to my house I'll overlook the slight drop in quality. They also have ice cream if your kid isn't into snowballs. The bbq is good, but I'd recommend getting the plates rather than the sandwich because the plate comes with two sides. Anyway, the setting and atmosphere is great, and the staff is friendly. I haven't really come here on a night where it's super crowded or anything, just weekend afternoons. We've already been a couple of times and it's not even summer yet. I foresee several trips here in the next few months.  They have a very wide variety of food on the menu, like pizza and burgers, so i'm sure i'll be sampling all of it by September.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,7/20/2014,374,290,3,8,5>Great place to listen to music, dance, and hangout. I really enjoy when my fiance brings me here. Highly recommended for a night out in the town.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,7/19/2014,69,47,4,12,5>This isn't your Vietnamese grandma's pho, but it's still good (yet different). Think of it more as a modern foodie impressionist version of Vietnamese. It doesn't quite look or taste like the authentic "real thing," but that doesn't mean I don't really like it. Where else are you going to find boba tea cocktails? That shit is genius and delicious!  I also really enjoyed the shrimp spring rolls and vegetarian pho.  Boyfriend got pork pho with pork belly, duck sausage, and greens. He loved it.Will Mopho push the more authentic Vietnamese restaurants out of my regular dining rotation? Nope.  But will Mopho be added to the rotation? You beat ya.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,7/18/2014,43,155,3,8,5>I returned to Company Burger this weekend and I'm SO glad I did.  Ok, I get the hype now!  I tried a bite of my friends fries and they are still as amazing as they were the last time I had them... sigh.  Their mayo bar is labeled: score!  This time I tried the Turkey Burger dressed as the Company Burger and added bacon.  I was really nervous about trying the Turkey Burger but the guy taking my order assured me he orders it every day for lunch and loves it.  Wow, guy wasn't lying - talk about a juicy, delicious burger!!  I actually forgot it was turkey. Yeah my cheese and bacon counteracted my health conscious choice of turkey, whatever, but I wanted to let you know that if you go the turkey route it'll be great!!  This is back on my go-to burgers list :)
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,7/17/2014,82,117,1,6,4>Table of 6 and we all very much enjoyed everything we had.  Jalapeño margaritas were fabulous.  Our server had great suggestions and was very helpful and attentive.  At some point during the evening it took a very long time to get refills on our alcoholic beverages but that was the bar being backed up and not our server's fault.  We all just ordered a few things and shared which was a great way to experience lots of things.  I will list the items we had, but please excuse the all caps, as I'm copying and pasting  from the menu.  We had:traditional Guac:  I really enjoyed the guac.  There wasn't a lot of onion and cilantro but it was just fresh and delicious.  Their chip strips are good by themselves.  Also, the house salsa was very good too.three salsas, (HABANERO, CHILE DE ARBOL and AGUACATE Y SERRANO CREMA). We couldn't figure out if the Habanero or the Chile was spicier but all three was very good.  If you don't like spicy, ask your server which ones to avoid.   CHORIZO FUNDIDOWe were torn on to get the chorizo or not, so our server put the chorizo on the side.  Loved that she suggested that and it worked out well for our group.  ANTICUCHO DE CAMARÓNEveryone but me loved this dish.  Careful though, there is a stick in the shrimp that you can't see!  4 shrimp are served with this dish.TAMALE DE PATODuck tamale was very good and a nice portion as well.ANTICUCHO DE PUERCOPork belly with a plantain?   Yep!   This dish was probably the standout of the evening.  Lobster Tacos and some other tacos which I can't remember.   Tacos are sort of hard for a group to share so I didn't taste any tacos but those that had them at our table very much enjoyed them.VENERA CEVICHEscallop ceviche that was raved about by everyone who tried it.  GAUCHO STEAK CHIMICHURRI2nd most delicious thing or even tied with the pork belly.  Large portion of steak and it also comes with the pork belly potatoes.  I could take or leave the potatoes but the steak was sensational with the chimichurri.  Desserts too!  I can't currently find the dessert menu online but they had a bread pudding as well as some churros.  These are small plates (mostly) but we all left very full!Wanted to mention that it is fairly loud in there but we had a booth that comfortably fit 6 of us and I don't think it was as loud in the booth as it would have been at a table in the middle of the room.Also, want to mention to the ladies, that the floor in the restaurant area is VERY slippery so take tiny baby steps when walking around if you are in any sort of dressy shoe.  Highly recommend Mizado.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,7/16/2014,93,241,2,4,2>I really like Mcclure's, I like all of their meats. The best deal is the all meats, all sides plate, which you can share with 2-3 people. Their chicken is tasty as well as their pulled pork and brisket. And their cornbread is delicious. I'm surprised the reports of bad service, I've always had quick and friendly service, never had to wait longer than a few minutes for my food. I have been less impressed with their sides, specifically the jambalaya and potato salad are pretty bland, but the mac and cheese is descent. The beans are more baked beans than the ranch style that I prefer with BBQ. Also some of the sauces are not so good. Maybe focus on making one really good one instead of six just ok ones.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,7/15/2014,102,210,1,8,4>We go to Bruno's pretty frequently as they have awesome food. We went here to watch the opening of the Olympics last year. The food is excellent! One Eyed Jack burger...so good. Debris fries...dreamy. Even their regular burger is really good. The drinks are pretty good. They make a good Pimm's Cup and some nights there are $3 margaritas. Downside...not smoke free yet. So it gets really smokey and nasty inside. But we usually sit outside.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,7/14/2014,15,37,3,17,7>Absinthe is a bit of an obsession of mine. The Old Absinthe House is a historical landmark within the rich history of the emerald muse. It is here in New Orleans where absinthe took off in 1869, when the Aleix brothers opened a bar named the "Old Absinthe House" at the corner of Bourbon and Bienville streets in the Vieux Carre Quarter. The Old Absinthe House attracted an impressive list of visitors, including presidents William Howard Taft and Theodore Roosevelt, Mark Twain, Walt Whitman, Aaron Burr, William Thackeray, Jenny Lind and Oscar Wilde. In 1918, Aleister Crowley, the British magician, proclaimed: "Art is the soul of life and the Old Absinthe House is the heart and soul of the old quarter of New Orleans." Indeed, this is the bar where the cocktail was said to have been invented. In 1916, while sitting at the Old Absinthe House and waiting for a woman friend, Crowley wrote his famous essay, "The Green Goddess"-- adorning its main theme, the emerald muse, with the philosophical reflections suggested by absinthe with descriptions of the inn, its guests, and the city. First published in The International, the essay extols the inspirational virtues of the hazy green liqueur, while speaking out against the rising tide of prohibitionism that was sweeping the country as the first U.S. "war on drugs" began.So for the absinthe connoisseur, the Old Absinthe House is a special place to stop-- most preferably at l'heure verte ("the green hour")-- while taking in its history and colorful past. As an absinthe connoisseur, you're not going to find the best brands of absinthe here, but the Old Absinthe House is more about the history & lore than it is about the absinthe specifically these days. Public service announcement: just please, do not burn your absinthe. The sugar cube is not meant to be burned. For a good authentic absinthe louche, ask the bartender to slowly pour cold water over the spoon. As for sugar, that is specifically up to the drinker. Personally, I take sugar with my absinthe. Therefore it is absolutely horrifying for me to witness a bartender burning the sugar cube. I once saw this at Pirate's Alley, however whether or not this is on their agenda on a daily basis, I am unsure. When you order your absinthe, just kindly let the bartender know how you want your absinthe served.I also recommend a good absinthe frappé to be ordered on a hot summer day!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,5/2/2012,161,1547,5,12,12>Wow.  If you've never been rolfed, then you don't know what you're missing.  Instead of just working with your muscles like massage, all soft tissue is manipulated.  Which can be REALLY intense and sort of painful but ultimately really relieving.Mollie is an expert.  She makes you feel safe with all the manipulations that she does and makes sure you are still comfortable.  Her ability to see and feel what's going on with another person is borderline magic.  Seriously, my neck hasn't been this loose in years.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,5/1/2012,98,1428,10,13,10>Roaring 20's is a great example of a West Bank dive bar.I have been wanting to try Roaring 20's for years. I was never brave enough to venture in, but recently read a review (thanks Joi) that renewed my interest. Since it was fresh on my mind, and my friend had never been there either, we made the long trek to Terrytown.We pulled in around 5 a.m. on a Saturday night and the place looked packed. We walked to the door and pushed the buzzer. The buzzer adds an exclusive feel and makes you feel like you're being judged before you enter. When they didn't immediately open the door, I became self conscious that I wasn't cool enough or properly attired. Lucky for us, the bartender had stepped away from the buzzer and a friendly patron opened the door.When we walked to the bar the bartender shook our hands and introduced herself as Sandy. Sandy told us that she knew as soon as we walked in that we had never been there before. She was very friendly and welcoming. She explained that we should make ourselves at home and have fun. She must have assumed we were fancy people because when I ordered water, she explained that they only had tap water and hoped that was ok. I told her that we had read about the bar on the internet, but she just laughed as if it was impossible. The bar had a small dance floor, jukebox and two couches. What made this bar even better was the woman taking a nap on one of the couches.This was a great experience and was everything I imagined it would be. It is too bad that it took a yelp review for me to build up the nerve to go.If you want a laid back dive bar, I recommend you give Roaring 20's a try.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,4/30/2012,79,329,,3,3>Lu Brow is worth her weight on gold, and she runs a very good ship. The seasonal cocktail menu often holds creative and exciting cocktails. With Cafe Adelaide right next door, this place has the best bites to sop up the booze.It's on the our NOLA bar tour for friends who come in from out of town.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2011,4/29/2012,146,418,2,6,3>A quality meal and delicious. From the street you wouldn't think you would find such a nice space inside, but once you step inside Antoine's you're practically transported back in time. The restaurant is decorated in a tasteful manner, with linen tablecloths, customized china, and autographed pictures of famous people who have dined here in the past. Some of the items on the menu are very pricey, but I went for lunch and they had a preset $20 three course menu. Plus, 25 cent martinis! From the menu I had a choice of salad, butter-squash soup, or three grilled oysters as appetizer. For entree I could pick from veal, pork medallion, or a puff pastry with an oyster and crabmeat gravy/soup. For dessert, I could pick from bread pudding, mint ice cream, or... I forget. But everything was ordered among my group in every combination and everyone agreed the meal was delicious. I highly recommend this place for a nice lunch, if not an elegant dinner.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,4/27/2012,105,131,,10,4>A group of coworkers and I dined here the friday before Halloween. I loved how most of the staff was dressed up for this festive occasion costumes ranged from male hulu dancers to female elvis.Food was good i really enjoyed my jerk chicken pasta.  I would even say that it was better than some pastas that ive had at Italian restaurants. For $25  you can get a might tasty ribeye with chimichurri sauce. Do not order the black paella. The ooey gooey cake with caramel was a big hit at our table.i would recommend this place to others!
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,4/26/2012,28,11,6,4,4>i have had multiple o! vegasms. it sometimes gets messy, but it's totally worth it. it's so nice to have delicious vegan options around here. they deliver, because sometimes i just like to lie in bed and have o! vegasms all day.once the meal is all gone and i just have an empty box, i'm quite satisfied. join me. let's have an o! G Gasm.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,4/25/2012,230,290,3,7,4>Aww, Trey Yuen reminds me of growing up on the Northshore so going to eat there is always a blast. The decor pretty much kicks ass and they make super cheesy cocktails that are DEFINITELY fun to drink before your meal.I'd like to add that their kitchen is pretty efficient so if you plan on having a leisurely paced dinner- make sure to tell your server. Otherwise you will have your entrees piled on top of your apps and your soups with your pre-dinner cocktails.Everyone must try the "fried meat spectacular" AKA To Cho Platter because a) there is a lot, b) their Gen Tso sauce is out-of-control and c) it is enough to share.Their "4 Happiness" is pretty rock-n-roll too. Their Singapore sling will definitely have you slurring.Crab Rangoon is so-soWonton soup rocksBBQ Pork is ROOOOOLLLLLIN'!!!!Should mention: this place is so much fun to get dressed up (like an idiot) with a group of friends and have dinner. They love large groups and the outside area is a great photo op
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,4/24/2012,143,66,2,4,4>Angeli, you have saved my drunken life more times then I care to admit!   I usually stumble in during the wee hours of the morning.   At that time, I'm hungry and desperately in need of large quanity of carbs enough to soak up the  alcohol out of my system so I can drive home.  Therefore, the cheezy bread sticks is always ordered first!   The bread sticks are loaded with cheese and sprinkled with just a hint of garlic ....A-Maze-ing!!!   I wish the marina sauce was better!   My absolute favorite dish here is the Pasta Salad.  It's a multi-color spiral pasta, mixed with Kalamata olives, tomatoes and tossed with a balsamic dressing.  Yum!  I love this place, for it's food, the ambiance, the eccentric paintings on the wall, and mostly for the people who wonder in and out of Angeli doors.  Staff is always cool even at 3:00 am
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,4/23/2012,97,145,2,9,4>Ok, so I was in search for a normal bar in New Orleans.  Not a popped-collar kind of place, not a place with questionable activities going on in the corner, nor a place where people stare at you when you walk in to 'their' bar. I'm in my late twenties, so I'm looking for something as fun as a college bar but toned down a few notches. Anyway, I feel like this place fights right into what I'm looking for. Professional young adults in control of their bodily functions yet still having a good time. Yay!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,4/22/2012,152,91,3,8,5>I LOVE Camp Bow Wow... rather, my pooches LOVE it... aww hell what can I say we all love it! I take my boys here as often as I can afford to when I have to work, and I can afford it pretty often considering how reasonable it is for an entire day of supervised romping around with other dogs in HUGE outdoor and indoor spaces. All of the yards have live webcams you can check out on their website to spy on your kids, see what they're up to and make sure they're behaving.The biggun' (Carter) always starts dozing off while sitting up on the way home, and THAT my friends is worth every penny of that $25. If you've every owned a 100lb dog in their terrible twos I'm sure you can relate. Don't get me wrong, I love spending time with our lovable ball of energy, but during the week when I don't have time to help him get his energy out this is just so perfect.The staff is wonderful, and if anything out of the ordinary happens at camp they make sure to fill out a "report card" and fill you in before you leave. For example the other day Carter and another dog were apparently playing rough (as 100lb dogs tend to do) and busted his lip a little (very little). Well they fixed him right up, filled out a report card and were sure to tell me all about it when I got there to pick him up that night. This brings me to my next point, they separate the dogs up into size groups. As much as my little dog (Colston) hates this because he thinks he should be with the big boys, it's a great way to ensure all your pooches are playing safely with dogs their size.Though I've never had to board our boys overnight, I would be more than comfortable doing so here. They have wonderful rooms with more amenities than most nice hotels I've put MYSELF up in. Complete with plush beds, treats, and cameras in every room so you can check up on your pooches just like you can in the play yards.Overall, I couldn't be happier with this daycare.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,9/14/2013,137,144,4,7,4>perfect little treats come in the form of chocolate croissants- or better yet, a chocolate almond croissant. I usually only ever run in and grab one to-go; heaven knows I'd end up eating half a dozen if I stayed. The one time I did, however, was out of pure luck and coincidence.  After getting caught up in grocery shopping and dropping the ball on brunch, I nearly inhaled a veggie quiche that was juuuuuuuuust right. Not too big, just enough sweet crust, and eggs the consistency of a cloud. C' est magnifique!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,9/13/2013,154,280,6,12,7>PIMM'S CUP DAIQUIRIS, I repeat PIMM'S CUP DAIQUIRIS!! That is pretty much the only reason yo sweaty ass needs to pull up a bar-stool at St Lawrence post haste. Ridiculously refreshing, it's not too sweet, it's icy cold, and I can get it late at night with some delicious boudin balls & a cold pumpkin/ginger soup. This is your final destination after your hot, crazy, quarter night frolick..I love the ambience, the lighting is perfect, it's not divey but it's also not brand new & shiny to the point of uncomfortableness either. My husband & I like to head here late at night, after he gets off his cooking shift, and enjoy a few daiquiris & a bite here before heading home sometimes. The food is consistently awesome (which is huge, people) and it's not a massive plate- just the right amount. The menu is creative, they have specials every night, and they're creative with fresh ingredients. Hence that fantastic soup! It's a tad expensive but it's worth it, trust me.The bartenders are sweet & it's never too crowded. In other words, this place is ideal for you to do yourself a favor and go try my new all time favorite daiquiri. Seriously, it's hard to go back to the sweet cheap stuff after this. Pimm's Cup Daiquiri= summertime.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,9/12/2013,368,74,,11,7>A coffee place that is the epitome of a hole in the wall, but what a sexy caffineated hole it is.PROS:- incredible coffee - I had espresso which was actually perfect and truly up there with some of my favorites and my friend had iced coffee which was equally delicious- they opened back up for me to grab my drinks - the barista was closing down but graciously opened back up for me, which was awesome despite my protest to just come back another time. - great vibe/atmosphere - even though it's small, it was welcoming. - a great chat - the gentleman behind the counter was really personable and genuinely interested in chatting me up, which was refreshing and nice given the fact that he was beyond closing time and staying later for me. CONS:- no seating- I can imagine that with a few more people waiting to get their drinks it would get super crowded/claustrophobic, fast. @spitfirecoffee
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,9/11/2013,17,111,,11,3>Place d'Armes Hotel is the centerpiece of the locally-owned & family managed Valentino Hotels Group, founded about 40 years ago by a retired school principal.  The exteriors of all hotels in this group belie their sizes and sophistications. I have patronized Valentino's since their beginnings here.  We advise our out-of-town guests to stay here and use Valentino's for houseguest "overflow".This is the "bestest" & most safe parking in the French Quarter; one of the most important visitor considerations.   The hotel is 1-1/2 blocks to Bourbon Street, steps to Jackson Square, Royal Street (Antiques), and a block from Cafe du Monde.  The building also houses "Muriel's at Jackson Square" THE locals-favored F-Q restaurant.Prices are seasonal, reservations are advised.  Don't balk if Valentino's wants to put you in one of their other two neat boutique F-Q hotels, the "Prince Conti" or the "Hotel Saint Marie"; both also "jewels".These places are usually about half the prices of the Royal Sonesta or Royal Orleans and have better parking.If one wanders next door to Muriel's before the 5:00 PM rush, one may get the free "ghost tour" and get to sip wine and cocktails on Murie's Balcony, overlooking Jackson Square and the plaza of the Cabildo, St.Louis Cathedral, & the Presbytere. "Stanley's", the favorite full breakfast place, is on the next corner.The "Place d'Armes" is the real, romantic, creaky-floor, multi serene courtyards oasis of our quarter; the  "jewel" of the quarter.Don't miss it !Rick
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,9/10/2013,117,201,3,6,5>Definitely try the gyro sandwich!!  And add feta cheese too. That just makes it perfect!They use sideway cut pita bread for their gyros, not in a wrap form.  The lamb is really good on its on and the sauce is on par.  A little light on veggies but not the meat.Been here a few times, just on to go orders, and never see anyone in here. Maybe in the evenings it gets busy?Looking forward to eating in one day, just no one in my family will eat this...and I hate eating alone and being fat. Makes me look even more pathetic than I really am.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,9/9/2013,266,221,3,11,5>I have been eating at Harbor Seafood and Oyster Bar for soooo many years at least 10 now. I used to take a trip to NOLA every few years to visit relatives and on every single trip we had to come here. Now that I am currently living here I can go much more often. As far as I can remember this place has maintained the same service and great food as I like. Sometimes the wait is long, but if the store nextdoor is open you can spend some time browsing there. The inside is full of seafood smells, loud noise of people talking, and every once and a while the cheers from a game playing. Expect a crowd because almost every seat and table is constantly filled.Now onto the food. I have had almost every single item on their menu. Probably one of the top seafood I have had in my life. Gotta try the oysters no matter what every single time in any shape or form! i have had them raw, had them grilled, and the other day I had them fried wrapped with bacon! YUM! They have a soup ad sandwich combo where you can get a poboy with whatever you want inside with either gumbo, etouffee, or whatever other soup they are currently serving. The thing that I always tell people to try when coming here is the Alligator! Harbor is the place where I had my first experience trying gator and I love their blackened one. Oh yeah and you can't go wrong with crawfish or shrimp! Take this all down with a Beer or Sweet Tea and you are having yourself an awesome meal!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,9/8/2013,42,78,7,8,5>The pizza is awesome. People who don't like it, don't like good pizza. That part is easy enough. The cauliflower rolls are so good that they make me eat cauliflower, what more needs to be said on that. I wouldn't bother with this review except to say last night they represented all that makes me happy to live in our city.So we took our dogs to Marky Park for a little running, and all that watching them exercise (and smelling the distant smell of pizza) made us hungry for pizza even though we had just eaten. I sit outside with the dogs and my friend goes in to pick up some slices. Im staring at the wall at Piety Ironworks for a few minutes,wondering if the wall used to be there (I really don't think so) when the delivery guy/kitchen worker/owner/dishwasher...i don;t know 'cause I didn't ask...comes out and sees the dogs. He retreats back and returns with some pepperoni slices not just for our 2 dogs, but dogs in the car in front of the restaurant awaiting their well fed owners. That's cool.So my friend comes out with the slices, and Pepper, my dog, on a mad ass Pepperoni high, leaps in the air, higher than I ever seen him, and yoinks my freaking slice out of her hand. Since he's a spazz, he drops it on the ground, where classless and hungry me, goes to pick it up to eat, since it's Pizza delicious and Im not giving up my slice. The worker who saw it all go down, goes back in and gets me a fresh, not half dog eaten and off the cement slice and gives it to me. So 5 stars and a fan forever. Plus they support John Calhouns "The Goodnight Show". Good people all around.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,9/7/2013,173,142,9,11,8>Awesome, amazing, breathtaking, scrumptious, quaint, quirky, damn near perfect little breakfast/brunch spot wight around the corner from Mandina's in mid-city.  The food is unbelievably fresh, the flavor combinations immaculate, the portions just right.  Get some variety of stuffed french toast if you are in the mood to melt in your seat and end up halfway on the floor in a blabbering, teary mess of ecstasy.The ONLY caveat I have about this spot is that you need to come early to be seated promptly and smaller parties are seated much more quickly than larger parties. DON'T EVEN TRY IT ON MOTHER'S DAY. DO YOU HEAR ME GENTLEMEN?!!?!! Your mother may end up crying if she has to wait in the sun all dressed up for two. hours. and, nobody would want that, especially the manager of the joint who now has to remember your poor mother every time she darkens the doorway to make sure that she isn't having the wrong kind of meltdown again...
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,9/6/2013,82,98,7,6,5>Lilette is one of the uptown Greats! Fantastic service, intimate but lively atmosphere and top notch food. Must try the Hanger Steak! I'd recommend trying to make a reservation for dinner. We had a group of 7 and needed a reservation but were seated comfortably in a round corner booth. The patrons, on the whole, may be a little...uppity? Perhaps? Just knock back a Pimm's Cup or 2 and you wont even notice!
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,9/5/2013,79,41,11,12,10>The causeway.... It takes me from South to North, North to South & well... You get the idea.I dig the causeway. You can see pelicans all around, on most days. You can dodge the annual butterfly migration every fall! I think I'm truly going to end up in the drink this year! I have no idea how I haven't smashed into another vehicle, maimed or killed myself &/or others avoiding the butterflies!!! I don't want to end their already short lives on my windshield!!! Other than that, they really are a beautiful sight to behold! Best seat in the house is the causeway!I also dig the drive because it can be peaceful. When I'm not horribly behind schedule, rushing like a lunatic!! The time can be well spent thinking, appreciating our lake, the majestic sunrise/sunsets on it, our wildlife jumping in the water or soaring above.I also think that the causeway police do a damn good job! They patrol regularly for cars that have stalled ( REALLY dangerous on here!), accidents, etc... They're proficient & I appreciate them! If your hating on them this is your fault! Go 68-70, keep your brake tag updated, headlights working, license plate current, have car insurance & your golden! This IS NOT a lecture! I'm terrible about brake tags! I got a pricey ticket to prove it! I deserved the pricey ticket. Lastly, I appreciate when  slower drivers stay in the right lane per, posted signs!!! When I pass someone, I get back in the right lane. Unless I have an emergency & I'm going 85, i get my ass over. Why? - It's the right thing to do!! - It's courteous! - I like to live! If you sit your 55-65mph ass in the left lane & don't move, expect this one day: Someone will get so angry one day that they follow you (home or to work) to confront you. This is going to go one of 2 ways...- either they'll have a gun & injure or kill you.OR- they'll smash your window, pull you out of your vehicle & beat you within an inch of your life.This isn't a joke! This actually happened to a friend's husband! He no longer enrages people by sitting in the left lane at rush hour going 60! In closing let me state I love the causeway. It's unique! Like Nola. Let's all be respectful & enjoy the drive.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,11/20/2014,298,330,6,7,7>This event was a great way to sample a lot of the New Orleans "local flavor"! Held on the 22nd  (I think? not the 4th!) floor of the Windsor in a banquet room, with a great balcony area overlooking the city. Tons of local bartenders from various restaurants set up shop around the room. There was a great variety of cocktails. I am not much of a cocktail drinker, since I am an extreme lightweight and don't like and sort of brown liquors (don't judge me!). However, this was a great way to try new cocktails and I was happy to find several that I liked! They also had light bites at many of the tables to give you a sample of some of the restaurant fare.  The room was fairly crowded, but it was never more than a minute or so that you had to wait for a drink. My husband and I had a great time meeting lots of NOLA locals! The only way this event could have been better would be if we won the raffle- grand prize 17 liquor bottles!
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,11/19/2014,93,281,7,13,10>After deciding to get serious for the tenth time about drinking less, losing weight, eating less and exercising it was time to purchase a great comfortable pair of shoes to do my thing. My research started out on YELP. A business nearer to my home had reviews that indicated a problem with attitude on the part of the workers. Did not waste my time on that one. Thank You YELP!!!Then I came across Louisiana Running Company and the decision was made to check them out. From the moment I walked into this business for the first time I was at home. Patrick approached me and my advisor who happens to be my wife. Lots of questions and even more explanations about what I need to consider. No high pressure sale pitch here. Also top quality merchandise that is not inexpensive. But quality does cost and it is what you need for your own safety.Tried different shoes on after measuring both feet and walking around. Further observation on a treadmill that is filmed and reviewed to insure the shoe you select is right for you. The new shoes were so comfortable I kept them on the rest of the day. High quality shoes are that way and they do make you want to do what you need to do. To do things like exercise more, eat less, drink less, and lose weight. Now only if the new shoes can assist in growing hair on the dome.  This place has my Seal of Approval!
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,11/18/2014,526,986,7,15,9>Ok, so just before I start you should know that I have been to this place twice in one week because it is THAT good.Driving up to this Cafe, it almost feels as if you are in a storybook and you happened upon a wondrous cottage that serves delicious food. The restaurant is actually a small house located in the middle of a neighborhood. It's surrounded by a picket fence and has a nice porch. You almost feel weird walking in, because it feels like you are walking into someone's home.Upon entering the first time, I was greeted by a kind woman named Betty and told to sit anywhere. Looking over the menu, I realized that this place has everything from poboys to fried catfish to stuffed chicken. I decided on the club and I was delighted when it came because it was HUGE and was accompanied by a large pile of fries. I then went back today and got the corn and crawfish bisque and the Friday special: catfish, toast, fries (or potato salad) and a side salad all for about $9. Both times the food was AMAZING and well priced. I liked that the corn and crawfish bisque had A LOT of crawfish in it, making it a very filling treat. The servings were huge and I had plenty of leftovers both times.The owner, Darryl Ballard, introduced himself and thanked me for coming. I thought it was really nice of him to take the time and check to make sure that I was enjoying everything.10th Street Cafe is my new favorite place and I plan on becoming a regular. They have great lunch deals (and the serve dinner Wednesday through Saturday) and they have food that will please every palate. Can you tell that I am excited about this place?
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,11/17/2014,19,79,1,5,6>Had the opportunity to try these guys for the first time last evening.  We loved it!  I had the epic grilled cheese with brisket - I really liked the flavor balance and the brisket was tender and flavorful...wasn't sure how that was going to work out when I ordered - but now know it is a home run. We also had an order of the nachos - hello yum!  Nicely presented and laid out on a small sheet pan, they were crisp and the toppings were spread around well so that each nacho got some great stuff but it wasn't a soggy mess like some places serve.Definitely worth a trip to eat here.  Prices are reasonable, love the menu and can't wait to try more things
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,11/16/2014,137,144,3,6,5>Namese might not be the first in NOLA to do this, but their ability to take a popular (and plentiful) cuisine and adapt it to their style-and do it well-is to be recognized. Take the Ducky Cuban. Wait, what? A Cuban sandwich in this city? But with moist duck and pickled green beans? And at a Vietnamese restaurant, of all places? Well, it's incredible and you should get it now. Now. Why are you still reading? Order.In all seriousness, Namese does it right when it comes to meeting your pho and bun needs. Adjustments are possible and they're incredibly accommodating for vegetarians. If you can somehow pull yourself from your go-to pho or noodle bowl, try the Eggplant Sotca. It's a great Provençale sauce-like veggie plethora of deliciousness. My one qualm is that the eggrolls can't be made vegetarian friendly. There's something about an eggroll on top of bun that seals the deal.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,11/15/2014,21,33,3,6,7>I'm writing this review from a bit of a specialized view. I took my cousin to the Aquarium, and she is special needs and relies on a wheelchair to get around.If you've walked the streets of New Orleans, you know that our sidewalks and roads are miserable. Add navigating a wheelchair to the mix and you can be a bit limited in where you can go.I choose the Aquarium because it was July and we needed air conditioning.  The only challenge at all was actually getting to the Aquarium. I parked in the garage at Canal Place and headed over. Crossing over the area where the street cars run was a huge challenge. I don't know if anything could be done, but it is very difficult to navigate with a wheelchair.Once inside, we had a great experience. I have always loved this place, but the ease of getting around with a wheelchair made me appreciate it a bit more.  Make sure you pick up the list of activities at the front as those are some of the best things to watch. We managed to hit the otter training, the penguin feeding, and the sting ray feeding.I highly recommend doing the sting ray feeding. For an additional $2, you get four semi-frozen small fish that you hold in your hand to feed the sting rays.  My cousin loved doing it.  The staff throughout the facility are very helpful.  The exhibits are great. I had such a nice time that I upgraded to an Audubon membership on the way out the door.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,11/14/2014,42,10,1,8,5>I am at Relax Spot all. the. time.  I'm a very active person;  I take epic walks all over New Orleans, dance, exercise, and wear high heels almost every night, and I cannot express to you how amazing it feels to have someone concentrate an entire half hour (or more) on your feet!  The staff is predominantly ladies, but they don't skimp on the pressure.  I've never gotten a "relaxing" spa-like massage here; they get down to business.  It hurts so good!  Pleasantly uncomfortable, you'll leave with your feet and lower legs feeling like jelly (but in a reallllly good way).  The prices are comparable to all the other massage places in the quarter, but I find this spot to be cleaner and the ladies aren't pushy like some of the other locations... I'm not a fan of being harassed into a massage... (Although they will most likely ask you to upgrade for "10 more minutes",but hey, that's their business model and most people are easily convinced ;). )I'd also like to give them props because I had knee surgery in December and would come here on crutches and in a brace.  The massages definitely helped reduce the constant swelling and pain in my lower leg and foot, and the ladies were always very careful and gentle when tending to my injured leg.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/13/2014,218,209,6,8,8>Hello!!I  not trying to be SAPPY but this bar really makes me feel like a kid again!! Weeeeee! The carousel idea IN A BAR! Genius! Whether you're, listening to the melodic sounds of Robin Barnes or havin a drink with an old flame (I have to vote 5 stars).  1) I love the mix of bartenders and the many different spaces to snuggle with your beau! 2) The view! New Orleans.., what a wonderful world?3) It is next to my fave restaurant, Mr. Bs. 4) Servin up meals for foodies. Same area. 5) Fun on Friday, Saturday, Sunday!! If you're like me- it's fun on any night of the week. Downfall: Parking. Bite the bullet tho. Here is a night planned in New Orleans for ya: Dinner at Mr. Bs, Live music and drinks at Carousel.  Sincerely me,
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,11/12/2014,43,155,8,12,8>I've been here twice in six days and can't stop thinking about it. I'm pretty much in love right now. Like, a lot. I first tried the trio sampler which is a great choice if you can't narrow it down to one. The steak and pulled pork ones were outstanding!! The cold chicken was ho hum, if you're ordering the entree I'd choose a different one. These are small and open faced but filling nonetheless. I mean, I still had dessert...don't expect to be full. The next time I tried the chorizo arepas and it blew my mind. What's better about the entree portion is the addition of cheese and it being more like a sandwich with a side of plantain chips. What takes the meal to the next level?? Adding the vinegar slaw, a $3 side item to every bite. Do it. Seriously. I don't even normally like slaw. I don't even like the word. You get a choice of sauces. Splurge and spend the extra 50 cents to try all three. My favorite is the creamy mayo based one. Ok so what are the downsides? I first went on a Friday with a group of six. The restaurant was so loud I couldn't hear the other half of my table. Or am i old? I don't know. I then came on a Thursday night with two others and although it's still kind of loud it was much more manageable. I'd encourage you to come in a smaller group and make reservations because it's pretty small.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,11/11/2014,40,90,,6,3>My friend who is of Sicilian heritage went with me to Ancora. Of course, he knew that any pizza he had in the U.S. would not come close to what he had had in Italy. However, he said that Ancora is the closest to what he had in Italy and therefore, the most authentic pizza place in the city. I've read Ancora's pizza rules on their website and their goal is to produce a product that contains simple and fresh ingredients. The toppings on a pizza are unimportant if the dough and sauce are not done correctly and Ancora does both very well. Their dough is very simple, no oil or added ingredients. Just flour and water mainly. Their sauce is also well done as it does not overwhelm the pizza. All their pizzas have very few ingredients, not ten things thrown on top like some places.  It is a little pricey compared to other pizza places but I look forward to going back
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,12/16/2010,68,31,3,5,3>The Little Pastry Shoppe in Metairie is big on tasty treats. If you have a craving for something sweet, stop by to try their turtles, sugar cookies or gourmet cupcakes. The scones and muffins look good, too, but I haven't had a chance to try them yet. I've also ordered cakes for special events, and they are incredible. The owner is a great cake designer, and can make just about any shape or size cake. I highly recommend the Fleur De White cake, which tastes like wedding cake, but with fresh strawberries on the inside. The Chocolate Shoppe specialty cake is pretty amazing, too: four layers of delicious chocolate cake with buttercream frosting and poured ganache, then topped off with chocolate-covered strawberries. Ok. I 'm hungry now... The Little Pastry Shoppe is open Tuesday-Saturday from 7 a.m.-6 p.m. If you want to wow your guests, pick up one of their specialty cakes for your next gathering. Side note: Their shop also features a bit of an art gallery.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,12/15/2010,25,23,4,5,5>Finally, a place that is not just another Mystery Middle Eastern cafe.  It's in the title: LEBANON's cafe.  I'm sure they take cues from a variety of middle eastern cuisine but there is something very comforting about a niche food restaurant that knows its point of origin.You'll find everything you could reasonably want from a middle eastern restaurant: hummus, falafel, kibby, kabobs, schwarma, etc.  On my first visit my partner and I shared the Chef's Special, a vegetarian platter with stuffed grape leaves, falafel, tabouleh, and a plate with hummus and other dipping sauces.  They bring you small baskets of hot fresh pita bread and if it runs out they bring you another and another and another until you either quit or explode.  No charge for extra bread of course.  Needless to say, the chef's special was a large portion for just two.  Since moving to New Orleans I've been looking for my go-to gyro-joint.  I've found it here.  I've gotten the gyro sandwich and platter on separate occasions.  The sandwich is a great deal at about $5 and huge!  Not like that dinky mona's gyro.  The lamb/beef is about the best I've had.  The gyro itself is stuffed with it as well as lettuce and tomatoes and tons of hummus.  They don't serve it with tzatziki, but if you ask you can get some.  The platter, which runs about $10 or $12, is still a great deal.  There is no way you will finish a platter if you take advantage of the seemingly endless amount of hot pita bread they will be flinging at you.  You might--just barely!--finish if you don't utilize the pita bread to make little sandwiches.  But then again, if you don't like hot fresh pita bread you have no business being in this restaurant and deserve to be smacked.I've had the Lebanese Tea and that was quite delicious if you can handle the sweetness.  Their regular coffee had a hint of rosewater or something and was also quite good black with one packet of sugar.  I don't often drink coffee black with only one packet of sugar.  Anyway, the service is good, too.  The waitresses are attentive to your bread and drink needs.  The icing on the cake, and you may not know this on your first visit, is that you can BYOB.  Bottle of wine, 12-packs, whatever you want, inside or out from what I can tell, and I don't think they have a "corking" fee.  So there you go.  I'll be back here very soon.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,12/14/2010,43,26,4,6,5>Definitely the best place for juicy burgers and the very best fried chicken sandwich this side of the Mississippi! If you like a drink with your meal, then I recommend the ever so popular Typhoon, but be careful, it packs a wallop! The service is good, but some of the female bartenders could smile a little more. All in all, one of my favorite places to eat and drink in New Orleans.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,12/13/2010,9,58,8,5,4>I'm not sure what exactly was "eco" about the braised beef with pepper jelly sandwich that I had, but a delicious sandwich by any other name.... right? Seriously, though, this sort of branding is getting really, really  old. That said, just about everything else about this place is pretty welcome and well-done. Certainly given the rest of Mid-City, this will be a dangerous lunch option.  All the sandwiches are pretty great-sounding (and those I've had have been delicious). But... Okay, I can't stop harping on the eco-thing: if you're really going to do this, could we have something besides meaty sandwiches and totally blase salads? Maybe some genuinely interesting vegetarian options? Is that too much to ask, locally? Whatever, if this place were called "Joe and Mary's Excellent Mid-City Cafe/Grille" I would love it.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,12/12/2010,251,35,5,9,4>This little gem of a store is well worth the trip out to Kennah, brah. This market is super clean, well stocked with fresh produce, fresh fish, every dried noodle you can imagine, and all the best ingredients to cook with. There is a whole noodle room where you can buy every kind of ramen style noodle packet ever made.Ok, not every kind, but it's a major selection for this part of the country. Then there are the freezers. Each freezer is dedicated to a different ethnic variety. I was very happy to see that there is a Filipino freezer now. And here is what everyone wants to know: yes, it has a big selection of Pocky snacks. You can also get a ton of Asian skincare, bodycare and other sundries. For a tiny little store, it packs a huge variety of Asian goods and wares, for super cheap.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,12/11/2010,125,204,3,12,6>After reading all of the glowing Yelps I was looking forward to dining at the Louisiana Bistro. Although I didn't find it to be quite at the 5-star level I wasn't disappointed - it's a solid 4 star restaurant. Friend and I had the four course "feed me" dinner - essentially a tasting menu. It's offered as a three, four, or five course meal that does not include dessert. Basically it's a series of small plates. Nothing at all wrong with that. Here's a breakdown of the courses: 1. Crawfish Bignets with a Cayenne glaze and lemon butter sauce. Excellent! Little balls of deep fried goodness. The slight heat of the glaze was paired perfectly with the creaminess and slight sweetness of the butter sauce. Unearthly fantastic. 2. Grilled gulf swordfish over a tomato salad with jalapeno hollandase. Yeah, it was as good as it sounds. The fish was perfect - simply perfect. Probably the best of the four courses. 3. Alligator soup. This one wasn't quite on the level of the other courses but good none the less. It tasted like traditional New Orleans turtle soup - heavy roux based, a little smokey, good spice. In fact if I wasn't told that it was alligator soup I would have guessed turtle. It really tastes the same. As I said very good but not exceptional. 4. 12 hour braised buffalo short rib (I posted a pic of this one). A perfectly braised short rib is a thing of true beauty and this one qualifies as such. The sauce was described by the chef (with the "feed me" options he visits the table and describes each course) as mixture of traditional southern sweet tomato based barbecue and Caroline mustard and vinegar based sauces. It also stated that it didn't come out exactly as he planned but he was still quite pleased with the flavor. I have to agree! The buffalo rib was served on bed of very good garlic mashed potatoes. Another excellent dish. Being very full at this point we decided to pass on dessert. As far as the restaurant, it is rater small but that's a good thing. The decor is minimalistic but it does retain the French Quarter charm. You never forget that you are in New Orleans. It's very nice without being formal. The only disappointment of the night was the limited and somewhat generic wine list. But I did find a pretty good rioja that paired nicely with the rich, spicy foods. Also, service was a bit slow at first but improved as the night progressed. Bottom line - this isn't quite a 5-star establishment but it with just a few little twicks (improve the wine list and work just a bit with the waitstaff) it could be.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,12/10/2010,160,165,4,6,3>I had to write a review about this place after yesterday's experience. First of the month! I need a new brake tag. SHELL on Magazine and State St.. How oh how the hell are we to be patient while you have a damn line wrapping around State St? I got tired of waiting. Fuck this.,,, Then light bulb! Holy crap, I remembered seeing the hugh BRAKE TAG sign last Sunday while driving off after a nice carwash! So, off to Uptown Carwash I went. Guess what? Place was busy as usual. Hell, you can't blame them. They do one darn great of a job.. Drove up, Sir I need a brake tag. Surprise! No one in the brake tag like. I was there ten minutes tops. As for their car wash service.. Prices are a little high, but they take their time and do a good job. There's also a nice lounge area inside. Arcade games, snacks and drinks avaliable for purchase, free coffee and wifi, television.. There's even an area for the kids.. a few reptiles and parrots to keep you entertained.Only downfall: (The owner let the bird roam free every now and then.) Darn bird was eyeballing my Zapps! Not just any Zapps, they were VooDoo flavored. Lol.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,12/9/2010,9,65,2,7,2>The Store is a great option for both breakfast and lunch if you're anywhere in the CBD during the week. Unfortunately they are closed on the weekends and never open for dinner, probably because they cater mainly to downtown workers in the nearby high rises. There's a large green sign outside the building. As you enter the glass doors underneath you'll find a painting on the side wall depicting a grocery store in St. Mary parish after which the restaurant was named. Across from this image there are two display cases, one containing electronics from the early 19th century such as a homemade radio, the other with even older looking glass bottles containing supposed medical remedies from that era. If, like me, you're at all interested in history then you'll want to take a look at them while you're waiting for your order. About twenty chrome topped tables are arranged around a clean and simple eating space. A flat screen TV lies behind about five bar stools, and they oftentimes have a few copies of the Times Picayune lying on the bar. There are a few laminated menus on the back counter and a "specials" board on the wall to glance over before your order is placed at the cash register. If dine during the lunch rush, during which the place is usually 90% full or more they'll give you a number to display at your table and bring your order out to you. When it's not as busy they just remember your face. All of the foods I've sampled have had deep, rich flavors and the entrees have always been constructed from fresh ingredients. My three favorite dishes thus far have been the Eggs Gravier, the Ruben, and the shrimp and grits. The Eggs Gravier consisted of two perfectly poached eggs atop a bed of spinach and moist pulled pork resting on an English muffin. This was my favorite dish by far. The succulent pork matched surprisingly well with the spinach, and I thoroughly enjoyed mopping up the runny yolk with my muffin. The Reuben here is a take on the usual Reuben, with rib meat and onions lying between pressed rye bread. The sandwich was delicious, but it might have been accompanied by a side to satisfy my hunger completely. The shrimp and grits had a healthy serving of creamy grits topped with a savory sauce, littered with sub centimeter tasso cubes, and lined by deep fried shrimp around the side of the bowl. Unlike the previous reviewer I actually prefer the version at Mr. B's, but they were very good here as well. The Eggs Tchoupsley, while having nice individual flavors of spinach, salsa, and salmon, just didn't blend together in as pleasant a fashion as some of the other dishes. It's the only miss I've had here thus far. Overall they deliver inspired food with delicious flavors. However, I do agree with the previous reviewer that you may end up hungry again before your next meal after eating *some* of these dishes. But reasonable prices (about $10 or so for a meal), good to superior food, and a clean and friendly atmosphere will keep me coming back for more.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,12/8/2010,225,347,5,2,2>This place has a mission to help the local area youth develop a great work ethic by giving them an opportunity to work in this breakfast/lunch Café. Excellent! The staff is courteous, professional and committed to excellence.I dined on their everyday special: 1/2 roasted chicken w/2 sides, small salad & bread for only $7.99. What a bargain and a huge lunch!Go for the good food (breakfast is good too); go back to continue supporting this noble effort! Who dat!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,12/7/2010,15,65,2,2,2>I decided to check out Pj's on Gen Degaulle when I needed a quiet, delicious study spot. The cafe itself smelled absolutely amazing. They were baking their pastries and the entire place smelled heavenly. Since this was my first time here, I checked to see if they had my usual that I always get at Starbucks-which they did-and they asked if whole milk was okay...So awesome because it is not okay. They assured me they could do skim. Yes Please. I wandered outside with my delicious latte where I found plenty of tables and chairs. It was an ideal place to sit with my cup of heaven and pile of reading.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,12/18/2012,234,1331,3,9,6>I end up here with a group several times a year prior to a long, fun lunch in Arnaud's and I also get here on my own as much as possible.  This is a fantastic old school NOLA bar and the only thing I dislike about it is that it can get very smokey sometimes.  As an old school bar there ends up being a lot of cigar and cigarette smoke here at times and I could seriously do without that.  Other than the smoke the ambiance is fantastic and they sling some awesome cocktails here.  This is definitely one of the best bars to enjoy yourself in the French Quarter and all of New Orleans.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,12/17/2012,53,105,4,7,5>Phil's Grill in Harahan is one of my absolute favorite burger destinations.  If you have a powerful 'burg spell come up on you, then this is a great place to fulfill your desires.   All of your meaty dreams can come true here. First you choose your meat and how you want it cooked (regular hamburger, grilled chicken, turkey burger, tuna steak, portobello mushroom, sirloin burger, buffalo burger, sausage burger, alligator sausage burger, fried chicken made with crumbled up Zapp's chips and the big daddy fat city burger - ground beef stuffed with cheese, battered and deep fried).  Then you choose your bun or bed of greens.  After that you can choose a sauce, everything from the mundane to the who the hell would put that on a burger (italian dressing?) is represented here.  Next you choose your toppings, many of them are free but some are premium toppings that you have to pay extra for.  Finally you choose your cheese and your side.  You do all of this on a worksheet which works well since I've never seen an order come out wrong.  They used to have pre-configured burgers but they have dropped all of that now; it's strictly build-your-own. Here are some winning combinations1) Angus, Sourdough, tomato, onion, sauteed onion, bacon, blue cheese2) Angus, french bread, cheddar, bacon, sauteed onions, peanut butter 3) Sausage, french bread, bacon, fried egg, cheddar, tomato4) Grilled chicken, sourdough, buffalo sauce, onion, jalapenos, bacon, blue cheese5) Fried chicken, sourdough, fried egg, onion, lettuce, tomato, pepperjack6) Fat city, sourdough, roasted red pepper sauce, fried egg, bacon, sauteed onions and mushrooms, feta Phil's also has some great sides.  The spicy potato salad is excellent, it's smokey and salty and creole mustardy with a little bit of spice.  It's my favorite side, but the sweet potato fries are also really good.  The fried pickles are pretty good if fried pickles are your thing.  The beer selection here is small but decent.  They usually have 3 or 4 Nola brews available.  I've seen an IPA here before but I don't think they carry one full time.  They do carry the Nola seasonal for sure.  Hopefully they'll start stocking hopitoulas here now that it's in cans.  Most importantly this place doesn't reek of decaying organic material like the location on Severn.  All in all, I think this is an excellent place to get a tasty, juicy burger built exactly to your specifications.  I highly recommend it.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,12/16/2012,257,566,5,7,5>Taceaux Loceaux... I have been waiting about a year to try this, and it did not disappoint. I'm hardly ever in NOLA late at night. I can't hang that long - I have no alcohol tolerance after having a kid, and bedtime is usually 10pm :(  Ugh. I'm old. Anyway, I found myself at Dos Jefes and Scott S wondered aloud if TL would be making an appearance. I tracked them down on Twitter, and sure enough, they were making their way to Dos Jefes around 10pm. I stuck around and finally got to try Messin' With Texas. I'm not a huge red meat fan, but I've heard awesome things about their slow-cooked and amazingly seasoned brisket. It was great! Daniel, the fiance, tried their Aieee - loaded with andouille and peppers. I tried a bite and that was equally awesome.Eventually I'll have to make a repeat trip. Too bad this requires driving over from the Westbank late at night - but it's worth it!
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,12/15/2012,181,479,2,11,7>Absolutely the BEST deep fried pie around. We love ALL the flavors, but favorites at my house include apple, strawberry, blueberry and peach.When we travel we always bring Hubig's as a little piece of New Orleans for our hosts, and when I get married in October we were going to have Hubig's as our favors. (Fingers crossed that they can come back after the tragic fire that destroyed their facility this morning.)
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2012,12/14/2012,154,99,9,12,10>The gun show felt more like a swap-meet than an expo. While I was expecting the gun show to have vendors selling guns and knives and whatever gear you need to play G.I. Joe, I was expecting to see gun companies showcasing their hardware and new products. As a "damn yankee" from the suburbs of Chicago, I haven't been around many guns nor the community and culture that surrounds guns. One thing I observed that this gun show was that people talk to each other about guns like nerds talking about their computers. And there are different types of "gun nerds" like people who are into historic, period pieces from WWII as well as people who are into modern, modified guns that look like they belong in movies. I also enjoyed watching the stero-typical white "redneck" sell a semi-automatic rifle to a stero-typcial black "gang banger." It's nice to see that a mutual love of guns can bridge racial ties to the community. I also saw a lot of people wearing shirts in Arabic that said "INFIDEL" on it. One thing that surprised me was how relatively cheap guns are, the types of guns I could potentially buy, and how easy and fast it would of been for me to buy one at the show. If I were to buy a gun at the next show, however, I would bring a "gun nerd" with me so I could buy the right gun for me.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,12/13/2012,1085,123,5,24,12>We just went here for the first time on Saturday and were underwhelmed at first with the prices. There's a lot of great local stuff you can get here, but the prices are even higher than at Whole Paycheck, which I guess makes this place Whole Bank Account. But that was before one of the volunteers there explained how the bag of produce deal actually works.So here's the deal. For $25 ($22.50 with the current Yelp check-in offer of 10% off your entire purchase) you get a selection of like a dozen different things, which is always changing and never the same. Above each selection, it tells you what you get, aka 3 tangerines, 1 bunch of turnips, etc. You go along and just put each of whatever in your bag, and you end up with a bag full to the brim of farm fresh produce that would cost 2-3 times as much anywhere else and be nowhere near as fresh or full of flavor. Plus of course, this is exactly how things should be, paying less for fresher healthier stuff, that didn't need to be transported a long distance, which is great for both the environment and the local economy.This is what our selection was (for $22.50):3 tangerines3 satsumas1 bag of mustard greens1 bag of microgreens1 bag of Thai-basil1 bunch of turnips1 bag of arugula4 sweet potatoes4 eggplants1 Bok Choy1 bag of Cremini mushrooms1 bag of green beans1 bunch of green onionsOh if only this business model could be extended all over the place, it would be fantastic. But until then, this provides a great example of how the world COULD be.Cheers to you Hollygrove. You just gained a couple new loyal customers.NOTE: As of November 1st, there are new hours posted. They are Tue-Thurs 10-7 and Sat-Sun 10-4.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,12/12/2012,17,89,,5,3>Solid falafel. Came here twice this weekend (my visits coinciding with drinking at Pat O's). Certainly one of the better quick food options on/off of Bourbon if you're not interested in a disgustingly greasy slice of pizza. Note: the location is small, very limited seating, cash only, no frills.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/14/2012,12/11/2012,41,249,3,5,5>Beach Corner is way off my normal beaten path. It was recommended ages ago by someone who knows me and my love of a good hamburger. I finally went on a hot and sweaty Saturday after making the mistake of heading down the Quarter for a casual late lunch and forgetting it was Essence Fest, which meant the Quarter was beyond PACKED. Oops, so much for a casual summer Saturday in the Quarter. (For those who don't live here, summer is the off season and the Quarter is usually pretty dead, making it the prime time to go if you're not into crowds.) Okay, time to regroup and come up with a new plan as we're driving down Canal. Beach Corner, here we come.It was early afternoon, the perfect time for a late lunch. NASCAR was on the TV, which made my companion very happy. There were only a handful of people in there-- I'm guessing it was pretty much the usual crew that places like this tend to have hanging out on a lazy Saturday afternoon. We initially sat in a booth but eventually moved up to the bar since you have to go up there to order and pick up your food anyway. The bartender, who also ended up being the cook, was super friendly and attentive.We split an order of cheese fries and each got a burger. It ended up being a ridiculous amount of food... which is okay by me because that means I have leftovers for dinner. The food was good. Nothing fancy, just a good hamburger and steak cut fries. And a whole lot of cheese. I'm of the opinion that you can never have too much cheese. I'm also of the opinion that cheese is best at room temperature, even lowly shredded cheddar, which is how it comes. My friend doesn't share my love of cheese and found it to be a little bit too much (which, interestingly enough, is exactly how I feel about NASCAR, lol.) The food and the beers were cheap, which is another bonus. I don't know that I'll make a point of going back, just because it's in a part of town where I very rarely venture. But, I definitely wouldn't be opposed if the opportunity presented itself in the future.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,12/10/2012,58,144,3,7,4>Parkway is my favorite place to get a poboy. I take all first-time visitors here for their first poboy.If you have time and it is pleasant outside, wait in line, order your food, and sit outside to eat.  There is an adorable cat that comes around to say hi to everyoneIf you don't have time or if it is hot outside, sit in the bar for waitress service.  It is much quicker and they play good music.I usually opt for the shrimp,  it is delicious.  Last time, I decided to get crazy and order the surf'n turf.  I knew I was in trouble when it was delivered with a fork....it was a mess.  A delicious, gravy covered, beefy, shrimpy mess.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,12/9/2012,79,329,4,8,5>I love this place. It's NOT modern; it's NOT hipster; it's NOT couture cuisine.  IT'S NOT S'POSED TO, PEOPLE!!  It IS a very decent diner, with fan-freakin'-tastic service. Just go and enjoy what used to be your only breakfast choice. I'll take Tiffin over some of those egomaniacal breakfast spots on, oh.... say, Magazine Street.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/11/2013,88,299,3,11,5>In my quest to find a new watering hole I came across this place.What a place it was,I never knew it but this little place is one happening bar. I had just left another bar and was messing around on my yelp app on my phone. I noticed that nobody had ever reviewed this place. I guess my pioneer spirit took over.I can tell that almost all of the people with the exception of me were regulars. But aside from that the folks were incredibly friendly and they greeted me with open arms. All the bartenders are female too.The crowd tends to be my age or older.I will admit that the selection on the jukebox was rather limited. There are still some hidden gems on it though. If you can't find what you want the bartender will probably go on the satellite TV and find what you want. They also got a DJ that comes in on Saturday nights and handles requests. So I guess there is a little something for everyone.After all that I have seen and experienced at this bar tonight I plan on becoming a regular. They got some video poker machines as well. Great news if you have a gambling problem.In short great place to grab a beer and listen to some music.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/10/2013,82,98,4,11,7>This place..Oh my God. I go there so much that it's almost embarrassing except I don't get embarrassed that easily.It's so rare to find a place with a sushi roll made WITHOUT RICE. I hate rice! It's such a filler! Kanno's specialty rolls (Godzilla, Protein, South Beach & Elvis) are made without rice and come on soy paper. And they are HUGE! I usually get a Godzilla or South Beach roll (to-go) a couple times a week. And I always try to bring new people here to eat in--the homemade chocolate cubes are cold, melty and magical.Yeah, it looks like a dump on the outside and parking is jacked. But it's a small price to pay.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/9/2013,58,144,7,7,7>Let me be the first to say that I am a poser.  I have the Wonder Woman converse.  I have the comic-themed NOLA t-shirt.  I have the Superman Snuggie*.  BUT. Aside from the occasional Batman comic when I was little, I am not a vetted fanboy.Yet,  I feel completely accepted at Crescent City Comics. As a woman, this is a big f-ing deal.They have a great selection of classic and indie comics and they will order anything you request.Thank you, Crescent City Comics.  I love you.*Don't judge. It's awesome.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,3/8/2013,154,99,3,12,4>This is one of the few live music venues I go to in the quarter. A lot of the live music ranges from local bands to national acts. The sound quality as well as the physical space is really good. The front end of OEJ's is their regular bar and I have to say, it is one of the most beautifully decorated bars I've seen. I like how the counter where they hold the hard liquor is lighted from the bottom and the bottles glow. The deep red wall paper and the lighting makes the ambiance perfect for a nice pre-concert drink...or three.Look at their monthly schedule tp see which bands are performing and plan according!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,3/7/2013,257,566,5,12,10>Jackson Square is beautiful, in every way. The cathedral is almost always used as the obligatory NOLA backdrop (well, that, and Bourbon Street), so even if you haven't been here in person yet, you've probably seen it. It's huge, and it's lovely. Surrounding the square, you have tons of local artists with crazy, cool, unique art. Again, beautiful. If you come during a festival or Mardi Gras, it will probably be crowded. However, if you catch the square at the right time, it can be very peaceful, perfect for a quiet stroll or a picnic.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/6/2013,181,479,7,11,8>Full of political satire, witty criticism of public officials, and more foam penises than you can count, plus, dozen of brass bands, hundreds of crazy costumes and floats pulled by donkeys, Krewe du Vieux is easily one of my favorite parades of the year. As a resident of New Orleans, I have SO many parades to choose from, so trust me: this parade is NOT to be missed.Be Warned! There are too many adult-themes to even consider bring the children. This is one for the big kids only!One of my favorite parts of the KdV parade is the homemade throws. They are always more entertaining than any the larger parades have to offer. Each sub-krewe designs fun, unique things to hand out to the welcoming crowds that play along with their chosen theme. This year we were honored to get a silver bagel, from the Krewe de Mishigas, and delighted by the penalty flag (with a bouncy ball inside) from the Krewe of Spank. Fun, fun, fun stuff!!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,3/5/2013,234,1331,4,15,8>Just opened and very cool space!  In the short time this place has been around it has quickly become one of my favorite watering holes and its getting very popular. They offer a great selection of beer, cocktails, and daiquiris at fantastic prices.  All drinks here are served in mason jars to give you that down home feeling.  They have a great stage and space for live music and the sound was nice during their first live show.  They don't plan on having a kitchen and instead they will rely on food trucks to provide all the victuals.  One of the awesome things about this place is that its SMOKE FREE!  The only irksome things is they are not allowed to offer go cups and have mandated closing hours because of the STUPID Freret Street development zone "rules" and "good neighbor agreements" which are just code words for killing our NOLA culture and traditions.  Make sure to hold our politicians accountable for every instance of these infringements on our way of life and the serious retardation of economic development these "agreements" cause so complain loudly and often to them!Best new spot on Freret yet!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,3/4/2013,56,189,3,11,6>Almost every Friday at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, the NOLA Brewing Company opens its doors for a *free* brewery tour. Doors open at 1:45pm and close at 2:15pm. I recommend you get there a little early because it does tend to fill up fast. The Friday that we were there (back in April, because I'm that behind on reviews) it was actually so crowded that they skipped the tour and instead just encouraged people to drink for the hour. While we were interested in the tour, we were ok with that!You're given a full size cup and have access to all six NOLA brews. You can pretty much drink limitlessly for the hour, but that is dependent on how long the line for the taps is. Even with the large crowd, the waiting time was minimal. Everyone in our group had more than enough to drink and was very happy.The staff was really friendly and made us all feel very welcomed. Even though a formal tour wasn't offered, they were still willing to answer questions and show people around. There is also a small shop on site that sells NOLA Brewing Company merchandise like t-shirts, pint glasses, coasters, beer soap, can cooler tubes, etc. Definitely be sure to stop in; everything was reasonably priced. We went with my brother and his girlfriend who were visiting from out of state and all these months later they still mention what a great time we had. And remember, it's free! This is definitely "as good as it gets".Be sure to check the events section of the NOLA Brewing website before you go. Tours are offered most Fridays, but not all.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,3/3/2013,78,67,6,7,5>Working on S Clearview Parkway, and driving in from Uptown, I take Earhart every day.So, out of curiosity, and sincerely wanting to bring a nice sweet treat home to my wifey I stopped in to Sweet NOLA.I had parked on the opposite side, so had to take my life into my own hands to cross Earhart at rush hour to get to said desired cupcake.I would do it again..These folks, know what they are doing..I bought a 3 cake sampler. Coconut, Carrot Cake, and Devils Food..The coconut, has coconut in the icing, and in the cake, very nice.The Devils food, is awesome, rich, but not too rich, with a touch of ganache in the icing.The carrot cake was beautiful, cream cheese frosting, not too tart, not too sweet.Anyone who knows me, knows I love GOOD frosting, but am not too crazy about the cake.Not this time Pancho, I devoured the cake, frosting, hell, I almost ate the paper it was wrapped in.This place is a great place to pick up cupcakes with the demise of Bee Sweet.If you live anywhere in the Metro NOLA area, if you have to play frogger to get across Earhart, if you have to take the Trolley and 2 busses to get here, GET HERE!Sooooo worth the commute.This shop, does the simple, yet delicate cupcake justice.No longer, simply an Amuse-bouche to the time honored Cake, these babies stand on their own.Can't wait to go back again, and, again, and again..Looks like I will have to start hitting the gym, so I can continue to hit up this shop.Maybe I'll just wait till after Christmas, I mean at the least, I'll make a Jolly Old St Nick, with the help of Sweet NOLA Cupcake.Can I claim the expense on my Taxes as a business expense?                                                      Always looking out for you,                                                                                  Your Big Easy Daddy
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,3/2/2013,44,123,6,6,5>I am currently sliding into a hyperglycemic coma from eating Debbie's cake so I will make this brief...Although I have not specifically ordered cake from this business, a sampling of the cakes was served to me at Toup's Meatery this afternoon for lunch.  Toup's special cake was salted caramel peanut butter bacon doberge and we also ordered the plain chocolate.  The glossy sheen coming off the special's icing mingled with the tiny specs of crispy pork induced feverish fork lunging abandon.  The cake was so moist it stuck between the tines of the fork.  If you pressed it with your palm is would almost drip off the plate.   Three of my favorite flavors being peanut butter, pork, and chocolate I layered bites of chocolate on top of the special to enhancing the surfeit of sugary goodness.  ...starting to tremble....losing consciousness...face covered in icing....mmmmmm
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,11/7/2012,160,294,9,7,5>Beer.  This zoo sells beer.  Does your zoo sell beer?  I doubt it!  Mine does.Also, some of early 80s almost forgettable "Cat People" was filmed here before you were born.Lastly, go during an at home Saints game and you will wonder where everyone is.  Drooling over airborn pigskin, that's where.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,11/6/2012,173,142,12,6,6>Sit upstairs.  Ask for Kelly.  Drink many mimosas and kick ass bloody marys.*  Order ANYTHING but do not miss the boudin balls (they may be the best in the city).  Be delighted and satisfied for the rest of the day. Repeat.*do not drink kick ass bloody marys if you ran a 5k a few hours prior through the FQ in sweltering heat, then set up camp by the beer truck before it packed up and left.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,11/5/2012,71,63,4,13,6>Bywater sammich bliss.  Every so often we all need a reprieve from our Po-Boys.  Instead of gravy soaked roast beef, fried shrimp and oyster, Jims serves up the deli classics:  Corned beef, pastrami, ham, turkey, salami, etc. all on fresh bread that is baked in-house on the same day that you will actually be eating your sandwich.  Oh, and it is supposed to be Jims not Jim's (the two owners share the first name).  These two Jims decided to craft quality sandwiches in the heart of the current NOLA food frontier.  This would be common cuisine in New York, but in a place where residents are so fond of their French bread, it's downright edgy. Their Philly cheese steak (aka Bywater cheese steak) is well done.  Delicious strips of rib-eye steak cooked down with onions and peppers then smothered in havarti cheese.  All of this is nestled between two halves of a rustic roll.  Still to this day, one of the best sandwich breads I have come across.  The chunks of steak are a little too large which make it a somewhat difficult to eat, but the flavor is there, and that flavor is GOOD!The Cuban and the Italian are solid as well, but the real feature here is the Reuben.  Corned beef, pastrami, provolone cheese, sauerkraut, and Russian dressing on grilled rye bread.  One bite into this wonder and you won't be in New Orleans anymore.  You'll whisked away to a hundred year old NYC deli where middle aged men in dirty white T-Shirts are yelling out orders with heavy Yiddish accents.  The Russian dressing is out of this world.  I don't know what makes it Russian, but I wanted to soak every one of my French fries in this magical substance.            Fear not vegetarians, there are sammich options for you!  The Scotty and Bywater cheese steak can be assembled with portabella mushrooms in place of the meat.  Both are fantastic.  There is also the Caprese which loads up a rustic roll with a healthy slab of fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil.  Simple, but oh so satisfying.  PS.  They just started selling breakfast fare at 9am.  Their omelets are huge and quite tasty.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,11/4/2012,254,539,,6,3>I got a fever and the only cure is more cowbell.The best burger I've ever had. It was so tender and moist (although it was more rare than requested).  Perfectly thick patty topped with a bacon onion compote that melted in my mouth. Fries were beautifully crunchy sticks of fresh potato goodness (dip them in that sriracha mayo...you can thank me later). and while we're talking about that wonderful mayo...I should mention that its made in house...they also have a house ketchup for you ketchup feens.The service was perfect. The decor is cool (I'm looking at you, you rustic door turned table top).  Prices were good considering everything is super fresh and they use all natural beef.The menu is interesting. Not at all what I expected from a place named cowbell. Minus the burger, most menu items seem to have a spanish influence.  I cant wait to try everything on that menu...
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2012,11/3/2012,58,253,5,9,6>I love Molly's! One of my favorite bars in the Quarter, and really, just anywhere in the city. Molly's is not the place to go for some fancy-pants drinks nor do they have live music. But if you want to drink a couple beers and have some great people-watching, this is the place to go. Molly's is ground zero for some great events in the Quarter, especially the Halloween and St Patrick's parades. One time I even got to see Edwin Edwards as a grand marshal of a parade just outside Molly's.A tasty treat Molly's serves up is the frozen Irish coffee. Exactly what it sounds like, and more delicious than you'd expect. My man and I recently stopped by Molly's before Hurricane Isaac blew in, and it was just the last hurrah we needed before losing our power for 5 days. They vowed to stay open the entire time, though we were too hunkered down to go back and see if that was true.Edited to add: Hat tip to the dude below me who mentioned the ashes set up above  the bar. SERIOUSLY YOU GUYS I have been to Molly's so many times, and didn't notice it until last week, when the lady sitting next to me was like, "Uh, are those really someone's ashes up there?" According to the bartender, they're from an old regular whose body was never claimed from the morgue. Molly's owner offered to pay for his cremation provided he could keep the ashes at the bar.And the rest, as they say, is history...
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,11/2/2012,341,178,7,8,3>I'm not going to belabor the burger reviews because all that needs to said has been said. They are very good as are the onion rings. But I came here today seeking the company of a hot dog and when I saw on the menu that the doggies were bred and raised by Cochon, I thought "what a lucky..."  Sorry. Well, what a disappointment. It wasn't even a hot dog, it was more the bastard son of knockwurst-- bratwurst tryst. It could have been the punch line to a Laffy Taffy joke---What do you get if a bratwurst knocks up a knockwurst? Answer- A Company Dog. Anyway, back to Earth.  It didn't taste bad but it was way too slender of a dog and was served bizarrely on a single slice of thick cut toasted white bread. It was not the wurst dog I ever ate, but the most disappointing. Go to Company Burger if you want a burger. Stay away from the pooch.PS there's got to be a knock-knock joke in here somewhere.8/23 update-- I went back and got the burger and some O rings. Pretty darn good gotta say.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,11/1/2012,374,290,6,14,7>I am very confused as to why this place does not have at the very minimum four solid stars. I'm a New Orleans local with my own food blog for crying out loud, and I was extremely satisfied with my experience here. I was here on September 23rd for brunch with my soon to be husband for brunch. We arrived around 1 and had called about an hour before to make reservations, but said all reservations were full. We wanted to give it a shot anyways. We were seated immediately, didn't even wait for more than 10 seconds at the front desk. There was live music inside the room where we were eating, and we were seated far away enough from the musicians next to the courtyard windows. Our server simply took our drink orders - mimosas - while we served ourselves at the buffet. His name was Vaugh, an older black man with a southern creole accent. Why do I point that out? Because he IS New Orleans, if you know what I mean. His grandfather was probably a slave about a century ago in a nearby plantation. I think about those things because talking to someone with real history down here is a privilege. He was very kind and knowledgeable and I really enjoyed listening to him talk. I am quite fascinated with Southern history and literature and I really appreciate authenticity when I see it before me. On a different note, I STRONGLY DISLIKE EGGS BENEDICT. And since the love of my life barely eats meat, my meat intake has strongly declined since we've started dating. When we ordered our eggs benedict the cooks recommended a vegetarian style eggs benedict including mushrooms. I was hesitant but I'll always try anything once. Before we went back to my seat we picked up some gumbo, boiled shrimp, turtle soup, mashed potatoes, catfish, steamed vegetables and jumbalaya. We returned to our table and I began picking at my eggs benedict, curious as to how my taste buds would react. I slowly took my first bite to savor all the flavors combined and...... HOLY COW!!!! My taste buds have never been happier! I was extremely impressed. Everything else was just an added bonus. I had such a great time enjoying my Sunday off with my best friend/future husband. It was a very sweet and romantic time. I'm looking forward to our next visit, hopefully for dinner outside in their fabulous courtyard.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2012,10/31/2012,107,129,6,13,8>I hate roaches. Okay NOBODY except maybe entomologists like roaches and I bet even they may find roaches a little skeevy. So if you find a roach somewhere in your vicinity and want me to kill it, don't bother asking I'll be on the other side of the room. With a shoe. Or a flame thrower. Whatever's handy.Brans has been servicing my house since I bought it in 2007. Friendly staff, in and out very quick for the regular service (which seems to keep killing going for over 6 months, the closest a roach got into my house was the right under the front door jam before it was made D-E-D dead).It's termite season so of course I'm going to have to have them come back for "the treatment" but the estimate wasn't too bad. This trip there was a little scheduling confusion, but no big deal since they have been pretty swamped being termite season and all.In summary: Roaches BAD. Brans GOOD. And no need to keep the flamethrower primed.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,10/30/2012,87,388,1,7,4>What's to say?  This is the Northshore outpost of the Magazine Street icon.  You can get the famous crawfish logo polo (and other style) shirts without having to cross the Lake.  They know their clientele.  In store selection is not quite as good as Magazine, but hey carry a full line of men's clothing.  This is a decent retail store with a good selection of their own clothes as well as several other high end designer lines.  And what they don't have, they can get delivered from Magazine.  Or special order.  Their service is good.I always tend to think of them as a men's store, but they have a nice selection of women's clothing.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,10/29/2012,105,131,2,7,5>Been here twice once for daydrinking and once for dinner. the bartender made me some nice alcoholic version of Raspberry Lemonade.They make a fairly strong Irish Coffee. I Love the design of this place I could probably stare at all the stuff on the walls all night! Love the giftshop they carry alot of Guinness Items like sandals to hats. The fish and chips werent great either. i for one dont like my fried fish to taste like Beignets?The barbecued cornmeal oysters are a better option. the homemade chicken soup with potatoes and mushrooms is so rustic and good.The Irish Music jam session is hands down the best free entertainment in the city on Mondays. omg there is this one singer his voice is so warm and soothing like Bing Crosby I could listen to him sing forever.Thumbs Up Chef Matt Murphy.   I Know where ill be spending next St. Paddys Day.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,3/25/2014,41,249,1,10,6>How is it that I'm just now getting around to reviewing one of my very favorite spots to eat in the Quarter? I adore Mr. B's. The atmosphere is manages to perfectly straddle the line between fine dining with a casual ambience. I like to get gussied up for dinner just like anyone else, but I also appreciate a nice restaurant that will still accept me when I show up in jeans at dinner.The BBQ shrimp is to die for. I take mine with a bib and a loaf of crusty French bread, diving in with both hands. (Not that there's much of a option.) If you're squeamish about head-on shrimp with little beady eyes staring blanking at you... well, try to get over it, because, IMO, this is one of the quintessential New Orleans shrimp dishes. You're missing out if you don't at least give it a try. NOTE: if you're not familiar with New Orleans style BBQ shrimp, you should dispel any preconceived notions about what they think they are before ordering this dish. They're not grilled/smoked and there is nothing even remotely resembling BBQ sauce involved. Instead, it is a dish consisting of fresh, jumbo, Gulf shrimp drowned in a sinful, spicy butter sauce. Be sure to sop up all the sauce with some bread or you'll be sad later thinking about what you behind.If I'm in the mood for something a little less hands-on, I go for the shrimp and grits. But wait, this is not just shrimp and grits. It is bacon-wrapped shrimp and grits. This is the dish I seek out at any festival that has a Mr. B's booth. The grits are thick and creamy. If you think you don't like grits, try these and you just may change your mind. The whole thing is drizzled with a spicy-sweet red eye gravy. I had to wipe a little drool off the corner of my mouth just now thinking about how good (and incredibly decadent) this dish is.I always start off with the Gumbo Ya-Ya. They make their roux like I make my roux, taking it all the way to a deep, dark chocolate brown color. I could go for a bowl right now.On my last visit, a couple of my dining companions ordered filets, which is something I have never tried. They were both absolutely raving about the quality of the beef and how they were cooked to perfection. I never make it to dessert because I'm always way too stuffed by that time. Mr. B's can get pretty crowded, especially on the weekends, but I've never had to wait more that 15-20 minutes for a table. And I've always enjoyed nothing but top-notch service from every employee I've encountered.I really need to get around to trying out the Sunday brunch, I feel like I'm missing out.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,3/24/2014,17,62,5,11,10>Today was my inaugural visit to Elizabeth's Restaurant and there will certainly be more to follow.  I went for one of the Daily Lunch Specials and I'm happy that I did.  I  decided on the Herb Saint Salad, which was an ample serving of fresh spinach, with sliced pickled red onions, sliced tomatoes and fried oysters.  I'm still trying to determine how the "Herb Saint" reference is applicable in the name of the salad.My limited research on the Ask.com website indicates that Herbsaint are the small white flowers of the anise plant which blooms in mid-summer and are followed by tiny licorice-flavored fruits called aniseed.  It has the flavor of licorice. The anise seed is harvested from the fruit of an annual herb of the parsley family Pimpinella anisum, native to the eastern Mediterranean region and Southwest Asia.  The seeds are sometimes used in the baking of biscotti and breads, and also  used in sausage. The oils that are produced from anise are used in some liqueurs such as annisette.  Liqueurs are sweet alcoholic drinks which are flavored with a variety of different ingredients.  You can also find the oil in toothpaste, chewing gum, cough syrup and soap, among other things.Obviously, the dressing which thoroughly covered the bed of spinach in the salad that I thought was a diluted mayonaisse, was in fact an Herbsaint oil.  More intriguing is that Herbsaint oil has some sort of chemical reaction on my brain because I went to an awful lot of effort trying to discern just exactly what it is.Now back to the matter at hand, my review.  Whatever that concoction was on the spinach leaves defeated the bitter flavor of the spinach and instead imparted a more woody flavor.  There was only a small amount of sliced pickled red onions and tomatoes in the salad but they managed to add variety to the flavor and presentation.  The highlight of the meal was the dozen delectable fried oysters.  These were some of the best oysters I've had in a very long time.  They were prepared with a very light batter and fried tender and tasty.  I mixed some ketchup and Habanera sauce to dip them in and Nirvana!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/23/2014,34,251,10,17,14>This is by far one of my favorite bars besides the Columns porch (but it's getting snobby there), Mid-City Bulldog, Bacchanal, etc. for outdoor space.  In fact, my high school BFF loves this place so much we had our high school reunion here over the Christmas break.  Even though it was a cold and rainy night there were tarps to shield us and outdoor heaters.Turns out one of our high school friends knows the owner so we were golden!  I remember first coming here and thinking it was just a regular bar with pool tables, bar and food in the back.  But when you go to the outdoor patio it's like you're transported into another world!  It's absolutely lovely with an outdoor patio, multi-levels of tables with separate spaces and numerous tables. There are also tons of tv's to watch games and even an outdoor space to listen to live music.  Plus their food is delicious!  My favorite is the portabello sandwich with the sweet potato fries!  My friends have enjoyed their burgers, fries (with cheese, meat etc.), etc.  I've also enjoyed their ahi tuna salad.  It was yummy!  There is even a parking lot in the back.  For the past year I lived in the neighborhood and now I live within walking distance which makes this bar even more alluring!Happy Bar Porch Relaxing!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/22/2014,67,176,3,10,5>We ate here for New Year's Eve with no real expectations b/c it was the ONLY place we could get a reservation. It'll be first choice next time we're looking for a spot.EVERYTHING we had was great. The drinks were all delicious, and weren't priced excessively high. We had Fried Red Beans and Rice (delicious and the sauces with them were AMAZING) and Truffle Parm Fries (YUUMMM) as apps. Each of us got a different entree and they were all good. But I won dinner with the Truffled Mac and Cheese. OMG! So good. Rich, but not too much so. Perfect amount of pancetta. It was just so damn delicious. I'm not even hungry and thinking about it makes me want it.We didn't get dessert, but I'll give the Bourbon Chocolate Pecan Pie a chance if I ever have room after eating there.Service was great too. Super friendly and very attentive.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/21/2014,121,53,3,13,10>I love this place. Just in love.  Do yourself a favor and try these filet sliders..  which are dressed with Worchestershire butter. But you won't want just one. Or maybe even two. They're that good. I'm also a huge fan of the fried chicken sliders which have a nice kick to them. I gotta be honest,  the shrimp wasn't my fav,  but then again,  I'm not a big shrimp person anyways (I know.. blasphemous in these parts). People seem to dig them though. Now, before I get to the main event (donuts, obviously).. onto their coffee. It's good. I'm not (yet?) a coffee snob where I taste the fancy notes of a good roast. But I do know they know what they're doing.  They also carry nitro brew and cold brew (in growlers even).They're also BYOB! Grab a six pack next door from Stein's and chill it inside if needed.Ok ok. Now for the donuts. I sadly haven't tried all of them.. But it's still early in the year.  I'm not usually a creme filled fan,  but the ones I've tried (especially Vietnamese iced coffee,  I'm looking at you) have been great.  Limoncello poppyseed,  Mexican hot chocolate (spicy!), salted caramel.. And they change it up everyday.  They do the simple ones well too.. glazed, choc glazed, cinnamon sug. The best part is that you can stalk them out on Instagram where they post their daily specials and get your mouth watering before you head out there (or maybe that's just me?).  And for something more savory, they have kolaches.And now after writing this, I'm craving them again.  It's a vicious,  delicious cycle.  I don't hate it.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,3/20/2014,214,152,1,10,4>A little background: I have been to 4 different pain clinics searching for an answer to my chronic back pain. Each doctor gave me a different diagnosis, and I followed their instructions to a T. I was treated like a number instead of a person, and was given a large amount of medication, instead of being offered alternative therapies. Dr. Harlin is a completely different kind of doctor. I first visited him over on Prytania, and was diagnosed with yet another disorder. The very sweet PA (sorry I forgot her name!) took a lot of time to try different tests instead of just ordering an MRI.  The doc came in and explained that he thought I had a muscular issue, one that I hadn't even heard of.  He was completely empathetic and understanding of the fact that I didn't want narcotics or long term medication. He delicately and thoroughly explained the issue (with models and un-medical metaphors, instead of handing me a typed up sheet), and methods of treatment. We scheduled our next appointment for X Ray guided injections. I was super late the day of my injections. The 10 was a trainwreck, and so was West Esplanade. I called and felt awful, but the whole staff acted like it wasn't a big deal (didn't make me feel like any more of a jerk than I already did) and we got down to business. It was over quickly, and the X Ray tech as well as Dr. Harlin were again empathetic and understanding that I was in pain. I was informed of what my next steps were and sent on my way. I actually feel a lot better already! Knowing what is wrong with me (thanks to a very thorough diagnostic evaluation), knowing what to expect from treatment, as well as having the hope that I will find a way to be pain free. I cannot recommend Dr. Harlin and his team enough. I have never been treated so well and with so much compassion. They did't treat me like a pill seeker or just a number, they actually care!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,3/19/2014,157,66,1,15,7>I'm not one to get crazy over "New Orleans" styled restaurants. Ask me where I get the best gumbo, and I'll tell you my mama's house.So, yes.... despite growing up here, this was my first time at Jacques-Imo's. I had heard great things about it, so when a friend decided to go for her birthday, I was excited to try it. FINALLY!I'll admit, the gumbo had a pretty good flavor, but, as is the issue I have with most gumbos in this city, there was not nearly enough meat to account for the price. However... The shrimp and grits were delicious was topped with delicious remoulade sauce and big shrimp. The shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake was an oddly comforting dish. And I had quite possibly one of the best entrees, which was the Mushroom stuffed salmon. As for drinks, a few of us all ordered the watermelon mojitos, and each one of us commented on how it was quite refreshing, but we could not taste a bit of alcohol in it. Needless to say, we all switched to wine after the first drink.Overall, I'll probably never order the gumbo or any specialty cocktails again, however, I thoroughly enjoyed all of the food we had, as did everyone in my party.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,3/18/2014,105,131,,7,2>Cool spot where this venue is built specifically around sound waves and vibrations for music :)  with great art to add. They have a great selection of beer on tap and in bottles and liquor! They even have Brazilian Rum name me another Music Venue in Nola that carries that! Carmine the  Monday bartender is great!  I love the mermaid art in the Women's Restaurant room! Most of the stuff looks like Refurbished materials it's Amazing!!! Go in and See for Yourself if you are in the area. I think you'll like it Alot!!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,3/17/2014,47,159,,10,5>Location, location, location. I had an early lunch here before a big bike ride on Saturday. It is right across the street from the Mandeville trailhead and is in a huge building. It was a perfect day to eat outside and the "adult grilled cheese" was delicious. As a small woman, I also appreciate that they offer "tasting size" beers. I had a "taste" of the cow-catcher milk stout. I had to, just because of the name. It was tasty and hearty. I should add that the "tasting size" are more than a thimble-full but small enough you can have 2-3 without a problem, the perfect tasting size (I'm guessing 4oz?).
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,3/16/2014,23,436,2,7,6>I'm going to say that for me Phil's is the best burger in New Orleans.  The prices aren't necessarily cheap but they're more reasonable than most of the new burger places in town and for a sit-down restaurant with nice decor, friendly atmosphere,and outstanding burgers $9.75 for a meal (plus drink cost) isn't bad.  When perusing the menu there's a page of appetizers but the main focus here is clearly "make your own" burgers.  Once you're seated you'll take a look at the menu and smartly all the menus have a large pad of order sheets inside so you can fill out your sheet and tear it out for the server.  The options are huge and they claim over a million possible combinations - on my first visit my wife went for a turkey burger with roasted red peppers, mushrooms, havarti, etc. and she said the burger was cooked perfectly and very tasty.  I got a bison burger cooked medium rare with a number of toppings and it was also cooked perfectly and quite good although the Creole aioli didn't add much.  For sides we tried the potato salad (very good, with a little bit of heat) and the fried pickles which were excellent.  Also, every time our sodas were empty someone would quickly refill them which is always nice.9.75 gets you a regular beef/turkey/veggie/chicken/portabella burger with a ton of different topping options and a side that are all included.  Even a fried egg is included in the base price as are a choice of fries, sweet potato fries, fried pickles, potato salad, coleslaw, veggies, etc.  The burger is a half pound of perfection and while you can pay $13.99 as I did for a burger with "premium" meats such as filet, bison, tuna, or alligator you don't need to.  I've eaten at most of the major burger places around town and I can say that Phil's Grill is head and shoulders above most.  Very nicely done.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,6/4/2012,44,123,8,6,4>If six months have passed without guiltily chomping into a crispy, oily, garlic and parsley topped corn muffin from Jacques-Imo's my hypothalamus starts sending me want signals.  At first, I confuse them for urges to smoke or drink, but when neither satisfy, I realize that I have a bad case of the CFWS (Creole Food Withdrawal Syndrome).  When i first moved to New Orleans, I asked my co-workers where a legitimate place to get traditional Louisiana food was.  Snarky Co-worker: Like, ones that you can afford with our salary, or like, actual, good places?Me: My parents are coming to town.SCW: Ohhhh, then you have to go to Jacques-Imo's!  It is so damn good.Me: Hold on, where?  Jockey Moe's?  SCW: No, Jacques-Imo's like the French way to spell it.Me: Can you just write it down?SCW: Um, I don't have a pen" (AKA I don't know how to spell that)After I finally punched in a correct enough letter combination for Google to correct me I found the menu online and it all seemed appropriately Creole.  Although it was a bit on the higher end of my price scale, the parents could foot the bill.  When we arrived and saw the sign outside "Warm beer, Lousy food, Poor service" my dad was instantly intrigued.  My mom, on the other hand was instantly having an anxiety attack in her head, while smiling dully and transparently.Dad: Why are those people sitting in that truck?Me: I don't know, there is a table set back there.At this point my dad can hardly contain his excitement and mom is just staring blankly at the crowd drinking beer loudly around two apparent lovebirds having a romantic truck bed dinner by candlelight.We squeeze our way inside the packed bar area and muscle over to the hostess stand.  We had made reservations, but still had to wait quite a while, maybe 45 minutes at the bar.  My dad was busy pointing out all the Dr. Bob paintings, and pictures stuck all over the wall like a model glue sniffer at a hobby shop.  Mama Ryman was able to find a seat on the bench and had turned to drink at this point to maintain composure.We finally got seated in the latter half of the restaurant and were butted right up against another two or three tables full of hungry, jovial souls.After the wait we were all famished and luckily, the waiter brought us a plate of corn muffins right away.  These things have about 4000 calories a piece and if you let them sit in your fridge over night they will be stuck to the styrafoam container, but if you eat them hot, they are exquisitely satisfying.  If you eat more than one, you may have ruined your entree.  We proceeded to order an alligator sausage savory cheesecake that melts in your mouth and tastes nothing like alligator if you have ever had the beast in its natural form.  Then a small spinach salad topped with what essentially comes down to Worcestershire sauce dressing and a fried oyster.  Surprisingly yummy.For an entree I got seafood stuffed catfish, my dad got seafood bouillabaisse, and my mom got the chicken pantalba.  Okay people, the portions are massive--especially if you ate your whole salad, a few bites of cheesecake, and two corn muffins.  Everything was seasoned well, if not a tad too heavily, and the ooohs and aaaahs coming from even my mother were consistent and routine throughout the meal. At the close of the meal we were offered free dessert shots of some magical chocolatey concoction and we rolled ourselves back through the kitchen and out the front door.My dad took a picture of the sign, laughed loudly and said "NEXT TIME I want to sit THERE. (pointing to the truck bed).We go back every time they visit and it's always been consistent, even the free dessert shot part.Highly recommended.  Unless you are a certain type of stuffy person that needs silence and lots of open space around you while you dine.  In that case, this is DEFINITELY NOT your restaurant.  (My aunt hated the place for those reasons.)
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,6/3/2012,86,117,,7,4>Absolutely my ALL TIME FAVORITE Fish Restaurant..if you want good fish.. prepared right..this is the place to go.So they rave that they don't even own a freezer because their fish is flown in fresh daily...and judging by the quality..I BELIEVE THEM!I've dined at GW Fins many times since I've move back to NOLA, and everytime I craved some fish I cannot get myself to try any other place..because this is THE BEST place to go..I PROMISE!  Their fish is never overdone...never! always cooked just right...Love their wine selections! It's a fish place so naturally everyone thinks to get white wine with fish..Wrong! GW Fins select only the best wines to complement anything you order. I prefer Reds over Whites; every glass of Red I've tried so far with my dinner has been amazing!Below are my favorites:I LOVE the Buttered Biscuits.  They keep coming throughout the meal; I have had to hold myself back from eating them after about the 4th or 5th one..very hard to do =)Appetizers: 1.) SMOKED SIZZLING OYSTERS : LOVE LOVE LOVE2.) Lobster Dumplings : light/fluffy filling over an amazing lobster  butter sauce3.) Yellowfin Tuna Tartare: served slightly chilled; fresh with a kick from the wasabiEntrees:1.) Pecan Crusted Swordfish: MY ALL TIME FAVORITE; Swordfish at almost all other fish restaurants are dry.  I've never been a fan because it's almost always too dry.  GW FINS has proven how to properly prepare this fish and it's AMAZING.2.) Wood Grilled Pompano: I love yellow pompano.  This was my first time trying it prepared non-Vietnamese style.  I loved it. 3.) Parmesan Crusted Lemon Sole: Tried it once but don't think I'll order it again..Prepared Well..but personally I didn't like the Fish itself.4.) Had the Rib Eye twice: Good...but the fish here is better =)Dessert:1.) Fresh Baked Apple Pie: Takes about 30 minutes to prepare so the waiter usually ask you mid meal if you want to order this.  Everyone seems to rave about the Apple Pie..I think it's good..but not excellent.2.) White Chocolate & Caramel Bread Pudding3.) Creme BruleeDesserts are good here; perfect ending to a fabulous dinner but not a highlight for me.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,6/2/2012,72,112,5,5,7>So I was at french quarter fest all day long with my friends and we had this brilliant idea to have dinner at Sylvain after a long day of drinking and eating and walking in the sun. After we danced our butts off to TBC and then Hot 8 Brass bands, we strolled on over to Sylvain. It was of course crowded and we couldn't get a table because they were all reserved for the night, so we ordered drinks, and it was like a miracle happened, four people got up from the bar and we moved right in like it was totally meant to be! So exciting since we had been looking forward to this meal. It was recommended by a friend that we get the beet bruschetta, boy was that a good choice. It's crusty bread with goat cheese topped with beets in this kind of sweet sherry vinaigrette. Those did not last long on the plate. We also got the cheese plate as a starter, of course I was in my heaven when this came out. I am a little sorry that I don't remember exactly what the three cheeses were due to thew fact that I had been keeping my alcohol level even all day long, but there was a blue, which was Roquefort, a soft buttery one, and a hard salty one, all were delicious and came with chopped up pears and some pecans and little crunchy baguette rounds. After we munched on that for a while, our entrees came out. I got the Sylvain burger, of course it was cooked perfectly for me, a little red on the inside, and topped with awesome cheddar cheese. It comes with these hand cut fries that are to die for, and the pickles, just how I like them, house made and still tasting a little like cucumber. My friends both got the Chick-Syl-Vain sandwich. My god that sandwich is ridiculous. Where do you get a chicken breast that large!! It was a mammoth fried chicken breast, with pickles on a bun, just like the chick-fil-a chicken sandwich. I will be returning to Sylvain for sure, when it isn't so crowded in the quarter and with a reservation so I can get the true sit down dining experience. The sit at the bar experience was unique and the food met my expectations from what I had heard from people. It was fun to watch all the action behind the bar, the bartender made a Ramos Gin Fizz that was very impressive, I'm gonna have to get that the next time. The wine list is beautiful. Can't wait to go back and sit on the patio!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,5/31/2012,125,204,5,14,5>The legendary LSU restaurant/bar has opened a North Shore location and it's as awesome as the original! It also just happens to be one of the nicer pubs in Covington. As this is the Chimes I'll start with the beer. Excellent selection of drafts from around the world. In fact, you can go Around the World. How does one do this you ask? Well, if you drink 60 different beers from at least 20 different countries within a 6 month time frame, not to exceed 5 beers within any one 24 hour period, you, my friend, have been around the world! What does one get for this? A tee shirt AND your name will appear on a plaque inside the restaurant for all eternity. Yes, something your mother can be proud of. While I am at it the food here isn't bad at all. Excellent burgers. The blackened salmon Cesare salad rocks. The barbecued shrimp poboy is excellent. The gumbo can hold its own against any other casual restaurant around. Oh, and the boudin balls are among the best out there. Seriously folks, those boudin balls rock! Of course the North Shore location will never have the full charm of the original but it does have the best deck in Covington (if the weather is nice go for it). Also, as this place is still quite new there are a few service issues to be worked out but they are minor. Bottom line: welcome to the North Shore, Chimes!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,5/30/2012,154,99,4,8,8>It's nice to see a local clothing boutique cater to men in this city. It's even nicer when most of the clothes they sell doesn't have me take out a second mortgage to buy them. If you are looking for casual men's wear that doesn't involve ironic saying that only locals understand or fleur de lis, check out this store. The clothes are as stylish as the ones you find at Macy's and the prices are similar. The difference is that you are supporting a local business and the clothing and styles are a little bit different than the big name designers.The store is big and roomy. They have converted a blackjack table into a counter top for the cash register, the paper that they fold your clothes in looks like money, and their tags and business cards look like playing cards!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,5/29/2012,137,178,4,7,7>Holy crap I did not realize how much stuff I got until I emptied my purse yesterday. Not only did I get enough beads to make my neck hurt, I also got a whole range of things including wooden nickels, a fake bug, a condom, panties and a matching garter from two different people, stickers, a bouncy ball, a cup, and a "ticket" for being out late. Lol. Not bad for my first Mardi Gras parade.A friend told me that Mardi Gras is what Reed College's Renn Fayre is supposed to be but of course much, MUCH better. I did see a lot of resemblance with the crazy costumes, glitter, and random people making out, but I do have to say that RF has a lot to learn. Perhaps those who run for the RF czar positions should experience Mardi Gras before doing so.My favorite part of any parade is the bands, and it was a shame that one of the musicians told me and the crowd at one point that we should tell the folks in front of the band (some subkrewe) to turn off their music so that the band could play. I don't know how it all works, but I thought it was lame that the band was there and felt like they couldn't play.I also really enjoyed the satire. I did go to Reed College after all.I watched the parade from three different spots because I kept moving around and I witnessed some interesting aspects of the parade. One of the girls standing next to me got a plastic boob throw, and someone in the parade offered to make a trade with her. Two cups for the boob. Even being new, I knew that that wasn't exactly a fair trade, but this girl was nicer than I would have been.Well, I still feel very new to this city and I hate looking like a tourist (no matter where I am, even when I *am* a tourist), so I was a little afraid of looking like a noob, to tell the truth. But with the help of awesome Yelpers and a couple of friends being in the parade, I had a great time and am now really looking forward to this upcoming weekend.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,5/28/2012,19,46,8,8,2>Warning:  this rating subject to change.  I've never eaten inside, so I won't comment on that.  However, given their proximity to my work places, I have ordered from RSD for delivery a few times.  Overall, the food is a bit lighter fare than Verti Marte, which is refreshing during the summer.  Another advantage over VM is that if you order food, you don't have to order something from another place to hold you over for the couple of days you're waiting for VM to show up.  Their service is prompt; however, the prices are a bit high for the portions.  Not too bad, really, just a BIT high - definitely higher than VM.Speaking of high, as some of the reviewers noted, the staff can be a little unkempt, to say the least.  If you absolutely insist that your deli staff look like investment bankers, flee this town in self-righteous disgust, go back to your little cookie cutter suburbs, don't call us, we won't call you either.  Personally, I prefer regular bathing, but one of the great things about this town is that people have the freedom to look as they want to and still can get employment.  Welcome to open-mindedness.  There's plenty of room, so get comfortable.Let's check out some the menu items, shall we?  1.  The Ahi Tuna Sandwich:  perfectly pan-seared tuna perfectly dressed.  The Asian slaw is amazing, and though I probably wouldn't have thought to put sliced avocado on this sandwich, I'm so glad somebody over there did think of it.  This was the first thing I ever ordered here, and I was sold.2.  Alligator Po-Boy:  Personally, I found it to be a bit too rich.  But if you want a thick dripping mess of a po-boy that hits like a culinary kick in the face, give it a try.  I really expected to like it more than I did, but whaddayagonnado?3.  Brie and Apple Toast:  I'm not sure I have the words to describe this divine treat, but I'll give it a try.  Mmmmm, slurp, mmwow, drooool, slurp.  The apples are granny smith, and it's lightly glazed in a honey dressing that adds a subtle OMFG to the whole dish.   It comes with raisins, so if you don't like those, ask to have them left off.4.  Black and Bleu Steak Sandwich:  As another reviewer noted, the bleu cheese doesn't particularly taste like bleu cheese, but rather like a soft white cheese.  Maybe it's a more subtle bleu like Gorgonzola, but I didn't even see any blue parts.  Ultimately, it doesn't matter much.  This sandwich is freakin' delicious.  I don't know who first came up with the idea to put roasted red peppers on sandwiches, but bless that genius.  More simply put, to quote my co-worker, "That's one slammin' sandwich!"The potato salad that comes with entrees could use some more work.  It's pretty and colorful, but so is playdough, and if I can access the long buried memories of early childhood, I think they taste about the same.Overall, the pros far outweigh the cons.  Who knows?  Maybe one day, I'll actually go inside to eat.  Certainly, at some point, I'll probably make my way through their entire menu.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2012,5/27/2012,40,138,2,5,5>The fried Brussels sprouts are the bomb. I mean lick the plate good. Seriously. The rest of the meal was pretty good too. Start with the mixed drinks: mine was the Bailout and was delish. Wife had the Low Country Sour and was just Ok but not great. The crabmeat appetizer was good, but the paste/sauce on it needed some flavor and was bland (the homemade thin-sliced Tasso was GOOD). Grilled drum was quite good - i'd order again. Nice glass of Malbec to top it off for a nice meal. Note: on the expensive side, even for New Orleans. We had no reservations on a Friday night, so we ended up sitting at the bar (note to self - make reservations, stupid). Despite that, service was excellent.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/3/2012,5/26/2012,93,281,,9,2>This is the very first image the visitors to New Orleans see, smell, and hear. And it  has not been good for a very long time. But I am optimistic today that some very positive improvements have and are being made. The place needed to be cleaner and have better restrooms and that has taken place.Security is not bad and mostly polite but I am not going to go there since my early background is law enforcement. As to food it has been unfortunate that attempting to get something decent to eat has not been available at the airport. The place has been like a ghost town at night and even in the early morning hours. Perhaps there is not the traffic to justify the opening when the sun goes down. But you can find nothing after eight at night. Food for the most part is the kind I go hungry before I eat it. Jazz Alley is the only place to get something you will enjoy. A good drink is hard to find but there is, once again, Jazz Alley, and a small bar after security in Concourse C. There is a lot of construction for the better. An on premises rental car building, expanding the airport fire department, and new restaurants under a new contract. I am optimistic that the airport in the immediate future will be better. I am hoping that is the case.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,5/25/2012,47,159,2,6,5>Best. Grits. Ever. I don't know what was in them, probably cream and cheese of some kind, but I about died when I had a bite (in a good way, of course). Sadly, I only had a small bit as another member of my party got the grits and I was wondering why she got grits at dinner. I wonder no more. I intend to use the gift certificate my wonderful brother got me to go here again for Christmas Eve Breakfast with Mom. Grits will be had.Okay, I had the fried oyster, bacon, and avocado salad, which was good. Those were certainly some of the best fried oysters I've had and I loved the little, juicy bits of bacon.I liked the ambiance, including the juice glasses for the wine. This is not dressy, "city" French nor rural French but something in between. I'll call it suburban French.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,3/15/2014,79,41,15,18,13>It's high time I review Mandeville Daiquiri's so, here we go:1.) Location, location, location. Tough to beat this placement. It peeks out as I pass by onto 22 or, as I turn into Chase bank on 190 or, continue on the service road.2.) Friendly bartenders, always. Tammy is the shiznit. I've seen this lady break up a fight with grit & grace! Then, go right back to serving patrons with a smile! 3.) The locals call this place the trailer, I call it "The Traila". Either way, it will always hold a special place in my heart. I've been here at my worst. When my face was swollen & eyes blood red post pet euthanasia. Wearing yoga pants & uggs w/ a hole in the toe (glorified pj's). I felt completely welcome & they were generous with the booze. 4.) There's stuff around to keep drunk people occupied: Dart board, 2 Pool Tables & video game (I think). Plus, cig machine & last but not least..... 2 daiquiri machines. It might not quite be Cheers & they probably won't remember your name. However, you'll almost always here that naturally N'awlins greeting: Hey Baby!! How ya doin'??!! That's pretty awesome to me. The sweet sounds of home.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,3/14/2014,108,71,5,7,7>Wonderful! I am now full for days! Truly... a pescetarians home of seafood goodness. If you're watching your weight.. Deanies is not the place for you, but hey live a little .. They are worth it!..I actually always wanted to try Deanies after watching them on Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives. After years of this place being on my list to try..Finally... the day has come and I'm glad it did!Our waitress was super friendly all around. From 2-4, the place is pretty quiet and awkward.. After 5pm the dinner rush comes in and in my opinion the place feels much more alive and more of what I expected. The interior/decor seems a bit pretentious to me, but food covers for that. Food;First off, my hubbub and I were seated right away and were given mildly seasoned warm boiled potatoes, YUM. Carbs overload!Onion Rings ($7) thick&huge stack of onions.. big enough to share with 3-4 people!Half Seafood Platter ($29) - enough to share between 2 hungry hungry people! Platter came with thick cut fries, nice juicy oysters, jumbo fried shrimp, hush puppies filled w/ crawfish (crawfish balls?..), a whole lot of catfish tenders(lack in seasoning), and 2 soft shell crabs! *DROOL!* ~All in all prices are reasonable. Atmosphere is great depending on the time. Service is friendly. Food is pretty awesome. I can't wait to come back and try the other items (BBQ shrimp, as seen on TripleD). Early birds and lunch deals.. Yeah, you have to catch it!Yup, def. Recommend and will definitely be back again when I'm feeling fried goodness.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,3/13/2014,30,146,3,9,7>Seems like Lafitte's gets many reviews from out of towners...so here is a New Orleanian point of view. I LOVE Lafitte's. Found on the corner of St. Philip near the end of Bourbon, I don't get here near enough.I won't be out on Bourbon on a Saturday night, but for a Sunday Funday...Lafitte's is a great spot! On occasion I'll have their signature Voo Doo, or as my friends and I like to call it "Purple drank". But after a few sips I need to switch to beer. The purple drink is so grapey and sugary, hard to finish, but popular nonetheless. No over head lighting, so at night it is dark and intimate with only candles on the tables. The building dates early 1700's. A small courtyard is located on the side of the building, great for groups. I suggest trying to get a table by the window or on the street, perfect place to people watch.Even though this is a tourist hot spot, I know for sure it is still a local favorite!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,3/12/2014,97,145,2,10,8>How fun! How cute! They sell booze! They're open late! Woo-hoo!Good for families, dates, looking for something to do on a Friday night. Okay, so this place is popular.  It can get a little backed up.  However, I've been here on the weekends, weekdays, the middle of the day and in the evening and if you have to wait for the group ahead of you, it's no more than about five minutes so it's totally doable.  So if you bring more than two of you then you probably won't even notice because you'll still be putting yourself. They also have two different courses to help alleviate heavy crowds.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,3/11/2014,88,86,3,8,4>This is a bit of a tourist destination, but that shouldn't impugn the quality of the food. Extremely fresh oysters on the half-shell, shucked right before your very eyes by the best in the business. Not a fan of raw oysters?  Their fried seafood is perfectly crispy without being greasy, and you can have it encased within a delicious po-boy, or as an entree.  Like any good New Orleans eatery, there is a good selection of local beers to wash down the food. Now, back to the tourist thing.  This place gets crowded, and you may experience a wait. Even once you are seated, it's not exactly like you have a ton of elbow room.  I've had the best luck going at lunch, and saving my dinners for something a little less hectic.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,3/10/2014,48,200,2,8,7>Some of the best pizza in NOLA. The place is hidden if you don't know where to find it, but once you do find it you're in for a treat. We got a large The Big Easy. The staff is nice, the pizza is great and in  an area not known for great food it is a big bright spot.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/9/2014,68,132,13,15,8>When I first moved to New Orleans, my then-roommate gave me some "sage" advice: "If you ever take home a classy guy, make him take you to Tartine for breakfast in the morning." I proceeded to spend the next  year-and-a-half single, so I had to take myself here instead and it was well worth it.I've had several items here but am in no way an expert on the menu. However, I feel confident saying that anything you get here is going to be very good to delicious. I had the pork rilette once and it was different than I expected but incredibly delicious. I also had the good fortune of checking out their quiche this past weekend and I basically could not focus on the conversation I was having with my friend it was so good. The taste and texture were absolutely perfect--in fact, they were better than what I had previously thought was perfect because they exceeded any preconceptions I had about quiche. Or life. Or anything. I feel like I'm rambling because my brain has still not recovered from the dramatic reconformation of structures necessary to accommodate for this quiche. In more sane news: The service is quick and efficient. You order at the counter and they bring you the meal at the table, so there's not really wait service but it's a nice touch not to have to stand around and wait to go up and get your meal. There is an open kitchen so you can see the chefs making your meal. Prices are reasonable considering the quality and quantity of food you get. Definitely a shining star of the Black Pearl neighborhood.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,3/8/2014,78,67,4,5,4>Café Roma..It must be the area this place sets in, Close enough to Magazine St to be accessible, But not ON Magazine Street, so not pretentious.I like this little restaurant.The food was good, ample and the service friendly.So, a Sunday afternoon, and my wife our daughter and I pull in with a couple we were having lunch with.We were seated, immediately as the place was not busy at all.Drink orders were taken, quickly and filled as quickly.The app we ordered, after the fact, of Mozzarella Sticks was nice, Crunchy outside stretchy, gooey middle, jus what you would like for them to be.I ordered the Shrimp Linguini. Sautéed shrimp, mushrooms, fresh baby spinach, sautéed in light white wine garlic sauce, tossed with linguine. It was a nice, delightfully light dish, served with a small slice of cheese pizza which served as a nice, semi comedic stand-in for the bread with a salad on the side.My wife had the Grilled Chicken Caesar, which she like quite a bit, and said it was tasty.Our friends had The Meatball Sandwich, and the Chicken Caesar Sandwich, bot of which were HUGE, and Very Tasty by all accounts.This place is a nice, light, affordable, clean establishment.If there is a Groupon, which there is right now, buy it, the value is more than manifest in the tasty quality.Tell them the Big Easy Daddy sent you, as I need t build my rep.. ;)Stay Big, Stay Easy, and soon to be the daddy of two..Your Big Easy Daddy
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,3/7/2014,34,86,4,10,11>The Saenger Theater is so beautiful. I came to see D.L. Hughley and Eddie Griffith. I truly enjoyed the atmosphere.  They had a bar outside of the theater. The inside of the theater is indescribable.  The appearance of a starry sky when you look up is nice.  The fancy decor is something you have to witness up close and personal.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,3/6/2014,60,62,4,7,6>Not just a dance class, not just a workout...dance trance is a dance workout addiction. I've been obsessed since day one.  If you're a dancer, you'll be challenged and inspired. If you're not a dancer, you'll become one. We perform, learn and sweat our (proverbial) balls off performing 12-15 choreographed dances to the best new music and old favorites.  The dances are done once all the way through and you learn by following. Just when you think you've got a handle on them, there's some new awesome dance to learn.  There is a breakdown class that goes over the steps in more detail once a week. When I'm not in dance trance...I'm wishing I was!  Bring tennis shoes, a towel and a big bottle of H2O!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,10/31/2014,127,108,3,6,5>I have been meaning to write a review for this place, but I forgot and was instantly reminded last week when we went for Father's Day.. I had just gotten out of church and if I had known that I was going to have those sticky buns that they have for brunch with the bacon inside, I would have gone to church after to give the Lord thanks!!! I will just say it and admit it here.. I ordered two of them.. Yeah, I had some help from my family eating them, but I put a pretty good dent in them myself.  Every single bite of the sweet cinnamon roll and tons of crumbled smoked bacon in it.. I have had dreams about those things since and they were damn good dreams.. Ok, so I would recommend this place just for that, BUT THERE IS MORE!! I got the steak and eggs and it was so good. The steak was cooked perfectly and the eggs were delicious. My man got the crab and brie omelet and it was awesome as well, but a little too rich for me to get it as my choice.  Another family member got the eggs benedict and said that it was delicious.  They are an awesome place for Sunday brunch, but they don't take reservations. When we got there, there was already a line outside and we were able to get in, but if you don't arrive right on time when they open and get the first seating, you might be waiting awhile... the host guy at the door was kind of rude to a few people and not so friendly, but after those sticky buns with bacon, he was an after thought.. oh yeah, they have some pretty cool drinks on the brunch menu and all their juice is fresh squeezed!!
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/30/2014,41,69,3,5,3>So far I've only been here once but I can't get enough of this place! I went as a little post-birthday celebration and looking for a reasonably priced steakhouse. I wanted to try out somewhere more local instead of the big Houston's or Ruth Chris steakhouse chains. I found his little gem on yelp and I'm so glad I gave them a try!We got the Steak Andy (filet with lobster topping) and the Steak NOLA (filet with shrimp and a peppery gravy) with creamed spinach and mushroom sides along with a bottle of wine. Everything was delicious and full of flavor.In my opinion, the steak options are more reasonably priced than what you might find at most chain steakhouse restaurants. Also, the quality was phenomenal and probably on par with service you would expect at top dollar fine dining establishments like Antoine's or Galatoire's. The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly. In fact, everyone at the bar was incredibly friendly! We made new friends after sitting down for only a few minutes. Homemade bitters and fresh fruit adorn the bar. The speciality cocktails looked awesome too although I stuck to their house red since there was a $5 happy hour special. I have to say, as an avid lover of red wine, their house brand is a surprisingly good quality. I hear there's $3 martini happy hour on Tuesdays and Thursdays so I'm excited to give that a try. Also, $18 burgers and beer Mondays. They also claimed to have some saints game specials as well. I just can't wait to come back to Andy's soon and explore my little Metairie hidden gem!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,10/29/2014,91,251,1,6,4>After several visits to Bittersweet, I felt it time to finally take a minute to review this gem of a coffee shop/bakery/sweet shop. The cinnamon rolls are amazing, the cupcakes are fantastic, and the coffee is great! Don't miss their packaged salted caramels & toffee. These are staples of any gift box I send to out-of-town friends and family.The seating could be a bit more comfortable, but how much time do you really want to spend with so many sinfully, sweet temptations?
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,10/28/2014,99,352,14,18,15>You will be pleasantly surprised once you walk in and see the open and airy atmosphere. The girl at the front desk will greet you with a smile and ask what service you came in for. I almost always opt for the gel manicure since it lasts so long compared to traditional polish. One of my favorite things is you pick your color from nail samples so you get an accurate judgement of how the color will turn out on your nails. If you have ever walked up to the wall of nail polish bottles and selected a lovely shade of pink only to realize it's actually clear with a hint of pink once its on your nails. Then forking out the money for a color you now have to settle for. Oh the agony. Once you have the color you love you will enjoy a top to bottom thorough manicure and walk away with your new gleaming hands. The nail techs are all very friendly and professional. The gel manicure is $33 (not including tip) and lasts me 2 weeks or longer. The pedicure stations have little privacy dividers which I thought was a nice touch.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,10/27/2014,37,116,5,6,4>This place is soooo gorgeous that it made me feel sexy and gorgeous.  Although normally not a difficult task, I had walked there from Poydras and Loyola and was quite flustered.  This place put me at ease.The servers are great.  I was a flaky diner who didn't know what she wanted (just what she didn't want) and they were totally able to direct me to something I enjoyed.We ended up with the Fennel Sausage and Calbrese.  This is true wood fired grill which mean the DELICIOUS crust was charred in certain spots but it didn't detract from that crust and the wonderful balance of meat and sauce.  I did prefer the Calbrese over the Fennel but both were very good.This won't be my every friday pizza joint or every week happy hour spot but it is a great spot and I can see bringing visitors or clients there often.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,10/26/2014,87,52,2,9,6>5 stars for this brunch spot!We indulged in a 1p sunday brunch after my hair stylist suggested it.The parking is not ideal but the waiter told us it's safe to park on Elysian Fields without being ticketed. The hotel itself has an older, homey feel but the absolute BEsT omlettes and french toast. The grits were good also. Beverages of choice were screwdrivers which were made by their awesome wait staff. This place was a hidden gem but the word is spreading so plan on arriving early! Customers enjoy their french toast, crepes(hear their decadent), grits and omlettes with a pool view. The seating isn't very spacious but it has a very quaint feel and everyone in the hotel were very accommodating.We will be back next time for crepes!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,10/25/2014,196,337,4,9,9>So I have to start this review by telling you about Tacy, the bartender.... Not just a bartender, but THE BARTENDER (You must use all caps). She is very knowledgeable, friendly, and talented and has a great smile. She really makes you feel comfortable and want to stay awhile with her great attitude. She is great a creating drinks that she may think you like based on your taste buds, which is never wrong.  She makes great classics to different creations, espec ially get her to make you up one of her tasty shots when you getting your night started.  My favorite cocktails at this location consist of whiskey (they have a great selection) and a simple Champagne and St Germain.   What also makes this place great as the bartender; you never know what shall happen. Once visiting, Tacy THE BARTENDER, she sung some Etta James with a piano player. She can sing her heart out! She makes me smile and just want to have a nice classy sip! I have tried a few of their appetizers, my favorite include their deviled egg (so divine), Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, and the baked oysters. I honestly have nothing bad to say about any of these appetizers. They were all tasty and just right.Atmosphere is pretty upscale yet relaxed at the same time. In the bar area seems like a nice place to even enjoy some sports watching. The only downfall is the location is directly on Bourbon, but you can find street/lot parking close by so you wouldn't have to walk around the area much unless it's something you are into.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,10/24/2014,93,241,1,6,5>Harkins did my flowers for my wedding - They were very affordable - they were cheaper than every other florist we consulted in the city. Our flowers turned out to be just amazing, really really beautiful. There isn't fussy design process, Peggy is pretty straight forward. We had a consultation, tossed around some ideas, and she gave us accurate pricing very quickly. I didn't feel pressured to spend more than I could afford, we gave her our budget and we got such beautiful arrangements.They have FREE delivery or something tiny like $50, which I was so grateful for considering we had over 60+ arrangements. I can't recommend them enough!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,10/23/2014,166,165,1,7,5>For anyone who thinks yoga is merely about wearing Lululemon and "stretching" - please take a class from Janae! You will drip sweat and your muscles will burn and you will wonder how you ever thought you were in "good" shape. But you'll also feel connected to the movements, to your breathing, to the people around you and you leave feeling like your soul has been rejuvenated.  I do anything from spinning, body pump, circuit training and running and I didn't think yoga would challenge me in the way these other classes would. Boy was I wrong! What I love about power yoga is the continuous flow of movement so I'm never holding any position so long that it feels impossible; it just feels challenging and requires effort and focus. I'm currently trying the 30 days for $30 promo and after two classes, I can absolutely see why this studio has a such strong following.  The instructors are all so friendly and supportive. They made me feel at ease immediately. As for the community of yogis who attend, I felt like I was among friends - no judgement or competition, just a group of people who want to sweat it out together. Do yourself a favor and come check them out! Oh last thing I love about Free to Be is they offer yoga in the park! There's nothing I love more than feeling zen under a giant oak tree.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,10/22/2014,34,86,5,8,8>This was my first time trying Felipe's Taqueria and I am so happy I like trying new things. I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door and since it was my first time the floor manager told me how to order and gave great suggestions. I had the taco salad with spicy chicken, guacamole, jalapenos, pico de gallo, cilantro, and spicy sauce to top it off. You can get a drink and chips to make it a combo. Do yourself a favor and try your chips with the queso dip it is delicious. I can't wait to explore all the other items on the menu.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2013,5/3/2013,56,171,3,9,4>Finally remembered that Zoes was open and had lunch there with my teenage date.  I forget that it is Meditterrean inspired, but if that sounds weird to you, focus on the word "inspired".  You won't find a whole lamb roasting here.Zoes has a good selection of sandwiches, salads and entrees.  The portions are adequate; I think you would leave satisfied after having an entree or sandwich.  Side options are varied and delicious.  This is part of the new wave of upscale fast food.  Located in the new mecca for these eateries, Elmwood provides plenty of seating and parking to enjoy a dining experience at Zoes.  It can be pricey for fast food, but that's why I described it as upscale.  It's perfect for a bite after shopping, running errands or in combination with a movie at the palace.  This is a good place if you're not sure what you want or have someone is trying to maintain a New Years Resolution.I had the steak stack sandwich and highly recommend it.  It was deliciously crafted and very filling.  I couldn't even finish my side of veggies, but I didn't care because the sandwich was worth each bite.  My teenage companion (who isn't particularly picky).  He ordered the shrimp skewers entree and was enamored.  It was accompanied by a side salad and cucumber dipping sauce with pita.  Can I tell you that this bottomless pit of boy was full and satisfied?  At least for about an hour or so, which I have learned is typical for teenage boys.  He really enjoyed it and I did too...all for the bargain price of $20.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/2/2013,216,410,5,9,4>Having heard so many good things, i was excited to give them a try. We chose the recommended  tasting menu. The rules are 4 or more guests and everyone has to accept. there were 12 of us and it was perfect. The menu is flexible in a way that you choose your own meat and they are willing to substitute for non meat eaters. I ordered the bone in filet. That was the first time i had ever seen that offered. Apparently, it is cut off of a T-bone. It was about 10 ounces of pure juicy goodness. The appetizers: empanadas, cheese skillet and fish bruschetta and chorizo sausage. They put three sauces on the table that you can dip whatever you feel like. The green sauce had a really nice light, fresh taste. Desserts came three to a plate for 6 of us to share. By that time, we were barely able to breathe. Server was awesome. Food was cooked to perfection. Atmosphere is cozy. Make a reservation in advance because there is only about a dozen tables. I was surprised to see the amount of large parties(6 or more) in there but no one felt crowded and the noise level stayed  average. My husband had a margarita made with brandy and topped with cinnamon. Our portion of the bill came to $156 w/tip. you can valet at Root on the corner for $15 because finding a parking spot is like catching a Zulu coconut on mg day. I would recommend La Boca. Its basically like visiting your rich Argentian grandmother for dinner.
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,5/1/2013,173,142,9,16,10>Happened upon this place after I crawled out of my foggy depression months after my previous gay packed up and left town.  This was like no break up I had ever experienced before.  Once I started remembering I had hair and that something should probably be done to it so people wouldn't mistake me for a homeless person who just lost her cardboard sign, I hit absolute rock bottom and bought two boxes of Loreal dye at K-Mart.  Yes, I did. The result was catastrophic - a pukey-greenish brown frazzled mess that perfectly reflected the pits of my despair... CUE NIKI WALKER!!!Once I admitted that I was powerless over my coif and that I needed a power greater  than myself (and Loreal) to restore me to sanity, I called a friend whose herr calls for a seasoned interventionist, and she told me to look up Jim Compton at NW.  I called and was seen within a couple of days and I was SAVED.  The salon is relatively new and has a great energy.  Everyone is fun and super cute.  It is a Paul Mitchell Concept Salon.  I'm not quite sure what that means except that the stylists there have to be certified PM people and they use and sell all PM products.  GIven the state of my dome when I crept in the first time, this was a God send, and my new addiction to the Awapuhi Wild Ginger is completely justifiable considering my newly sleek mane.The location is perfect - smack dab in the middle of the CBD on Baronne about a block East of the new Rouse's.  Check it out!
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,4/30/2013,40,138,6,8,8>With wood-fired pizza,its hard to go wrong.Despite that beginning, this post won't be long.Parking can be challenging,the lot is quite small.but you are in Uptown,not stuck in a mall.Beverages come plenty,Iced teas and some Coke.A full bar for service,but the price will make you choke.The menu is large,Not just wood-fired Pie.Salads, wraps and pasta,but the Pizza - oh my.The thin crust is crisp,not soggy or limp.My favorite Roasted Lamp,but I do love the Shrimp.The options are varied;Your crust can be wheat.Choose a standard selection,or make one complete.The pies are Italian,Quattro Formaggi and Margherita.If Pie isn't your thing,They have wraps made of Pita.The Greek and the Garlic,you cannot go wrong.I've tried quite a few,4 stars, they belong.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,4/29/2013,105,131,3,10,5>Had lunch here about 2 weeks ago this place is supercute! I loved all the art and furniture and dinnerware. The owners are supernice and the food is good and satisfying and priced very fair for the area. Their vietnamese iced coffee is great! I was looking forward to trying the strawberry and avocado topped spring rolls everyone had been raving about. I have to be honest i didnt even taste those flavors maybe they should slice strawberry a bit thicker.I wish they were open on Sundays so i could take my Father and Family there.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,4/28/2013,295,505,8,12,7>4/5 y'all know it's already good. this is another review among the congregation who are already praising this place. so just go. it's far, but just go.i can't believe it took me about 6 months to finally try this place. if it's your first time, get one of the specials that let you sample the brisket, pulled pork, and ribs. my friend and i couldn't decide which among the three were our favorites, we'd feel one way, take a bite, then feel another...such a horribly delicious dilemma. beware, just because it's served in a basket doesn't mean it's a small portion...once you actually start digging in you'll realize there are 2-3 servings in there, so breathe. if they happen to be making the green chile, it's basically more pulled pork as a side. unlike other places where the meat will need the sauce, theirs is scrumptious on its own, and the sauce are enhancers. looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,4/27/2013,127,182,6,12,7>Now I know why everyone raves about this place!The menu isnt overwhelmingly big, but def something for EVERYONE!  However, the fries are so f'n good, I could only take one bite of my veggie burger, and it was phenomenal, and still phenomenal when I finished it for lunch the next day!  My carnivore friend I was with said he cant wait to bring friends here (he loves burgers)!Also, everyone was so friendly, helpful and eager to explain the menu in detail.  Plus a full bar, and the pics hanging in the ladies room had me cracking up.  Which Im sure was confusing for the woman waiting outside the door.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/26/2013,71,63,10,16,10>Wiz Wit.  You can add that to your vocabulary and thank me later.  It's apparent that Philadelphians place the same emphasis on linguistic economy as local Yats.  "Where are y...ah screw it.  That's way too many syllables.  Where y'at!?"  Wiz wit translates to a Philly cheesesteak made with cheese whiz and onions.  Failure to use this phrase when ordering is akin to asking a New Orleanian where the "trolley" goes.  Yeah, like scratching a chalkboard.Cheese whiz you say?  On a sandwich?  Oh yes.  That same processed 'cheese like' deliciousness you pour over your ballpark nachos is what they use here.  Dip a Dorito into this stuff, and you may go back in time.  The menu here is brutally simple:  cheesesteaks, chicken-steaks and fries.  You can pick from 3 different sauces to add to your sandwich if you choose and you also have a choice of regular fries, spicy crab boil, or adorned with cheese whiz.I can vouch for the Wiz Wit.  It is a terrific sandwich.  The cheese whiz works oh so perfectly with the bits of steak.  It coats each and every piece of tender steak and onion slices so there is never a dry bite.  As far as the sauces go, I tried Moike's which is crushed red pepper in olive oil.  I like that they give it to you in a cup on the side so you can add however much you want.  While the sauce was good, it is by no means necessary.  The hoagie bread is a nice change of pace from traditional New Orleans Po-Boy bread.  There's no ripping or tearing.  It just melts in your mouth.  If this is what they really taste like up in Philly, I might have to plan a trip.  While the sandwich is legit, the fries are not.  I was disappointed with the 'hand cut' fries.  These are super skinny shoestring fries served up in Chinese take-out containers.  Most of them were soggy and left much to be desired.  It felt like I was trying to eat hash browns with my fingers.  Even with the boil fries' added kick of spice, they were just too damn soggy.  I'm a dipper.  Thicker cut crispy fries would go great with the sauce and sandwiches.  They give you a lot of sauce plus the extra cheese whiz needs to be sopped with something!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,4/25/2013,161,1547,4,14,13>I was in an office building near Canal & the cemeteries and I was trying to figure out what a business nearby was. So I used my Yelp app and it's nearby feature...  So I identified the original building I was curious about  (a coffee shop) but also showed this space. If I knew a Katrina memorial existed, I must have blocked it out. And it was just down the block...Prior to being the Memorial, this was the cemetery for folks who donated their bodies to science and then were interred. I found some great photos online of what it used to look like (nolacemeteries.com/chari…). No headstones or markers., since they would bury folks in groups as the cadavers were no longer needed.The new space is lovely and sad as is fitting. The curving lines suggest the traditional spiral shape of the hurricane symbol and the stark black marble monoliths are appropriate. I guess the banks of wall tombs are for future cadavers? Or maybe just a reminder? There are no markers on those.The plantings were pretty barren in late January, even if it is warm. I'll have to go back and see the cypress trees and garden when it's spring or summer.Like most things Katrina-related, just being in the space made me cry. It's been a tough 7+ years back.  So I decided this somewhat somber review should be number 1000 for me. My city, my community, we don't let anything hold us back and we keep moving forward and we reach new milestones every day.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,4/24/2013,98,1428,5,19,12>Restaurant August is one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. It is no wonder that this restaurant is so highly regarded amongst the media as well as the public.My first trip to August was during the aftermath of Hurricane Issac. Power had just been restored to downtown and August was one of the first places to open. What better way to return to normalcy than a fancy meal with friends. I think I am going to make that my new tradition anytime I need a pick me up. While I will always remember that meal, this review will focus on my most recent experience. The prix fixe menu at August may be the best value in the city. I was fortunate enough to experience it last week.It seems that no matter what meal you decide to have, it always begins with a complimentary amuse bouche. On my most recent trip the amuse was housed in a chicken egg with the top removed. It was some sort of cauliflower cream which was absolutely amazing. I hate cauliflower, but loved this dish. The presentation in the egg shell added to the experience.The next course was pork pate with several different sauces. Again, this course was amazing. The pate came with two different mustards, a fennel sauce, pickled mushrooms and garlic. I took small pieces of pate, placed them on the supplied crustini and sampled all of the sauces. My favorite was the creole mustard sauce.Next up was the main course of gulf sheepshead. Again, I was amazed at how wonderful this course was. The fish was perfectly cooked and atop a bed of barley and brown butter. I don't normally think of barley as a high end dish, but the chef's at August made it a perfect match for the fish.Dessert was a chocolate tart with almond and hazelnut ice cream. At this point we were pretty full, but the dessert was worth stuffing ourselves. To add to our fullness, there was even a complimentary praline brought with the bill.Speaking of the bill, this may have been the best value I have ever had in a restaurant. For $20.13 we received first class food and service in a beautiful environment. I would have spent that much or more at many other restaurants and not received half the value.If you haven't been to August, you need to go there as soon as you can get a reservation.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,11/25/2011,19,46,10,10,10>The old saying is true.  Nothing is free.  That's what I thought until, while browsing Yelp events, I saw that Yelp Culture Club was offering a free tour of the Old New Orleans Rum Distillery.  I'd tumble 4 that.  I like free things, and I like rum.  However, I LOVE free rum.  Upon discovering that I, surprisingly, had that day off of work, I realized I HAD TO GO.  Like some rum-swilling drunken Jedi, it was my destiny (deep cyborg breathing).  I arrived a couple minutes late, as per my usual, but fortunately, in true NOLA fashion, that was just in time.  As I entered the nondescript warehouse, the tour group was just beginning the tour which I joined like a tagalong.  We heard the educational and entertaining story of the distillery's origin and the ordeal of surviving Katrina.  We got to smell jars which contained raw molasses, freshly finished rum, and aged rum to discern the olfactory difference.  We saw the huge vat (900 gallons) where the yeast was added to the molasses to begin the fermentation process.  We saw the bottling and labeling process.  We saw the ancient perfume filter that was used to filter the rum and got to smell the impurities that were filtered off:  pure nail polish remover.  Really.  They sell it to cosmetic companies.  We found out that the rum is aged in scorched whiskey barrels.  I'll stop now before I give away the whole tour.  My brief descriptions don't do it justice, anyway.  After the tour proper, we returned to the lobby to sample each of the ONO offerings.  Each was exceptional, particularly the Cajun spiced flavor.  They also let us sample the 10-year old flavor, which they only sell onsite.  Waitaminute.  You can only get this delicious rum here at the distillery?  This sounds like a not-so-subtle attempt to sell me the most expensive bottle of rum they carry.  What a horribly transparent selling technique.  Still, it was excellent rum.  You could taste the whiskey and smoke in the old barrels.  (sigh) FIIIIIINE!  I'll get the 10-year old bottle.  Your nefarious understated salesmanship has worked.  When else am I going to get the opportunity to go 2.5 miles from my apartment?  Damn you, Yelp Culture Club.  Do you really want to hurt me?After spending $60 and carrying my luxury rum back home on the bus, I remembered the old saying:  nothing is free.  Even a free tour cost me $60.  There were several things I needed that money for that should have been a higher priority.  But, ya know, I was still rather happy, especially three days later just before my roommate was about to board a plane for Brazil when we opened the bottle to drink to his trip.  This is truly outstanding rum, folks.  He noted what I already had.  Drinking this rum is more like drinking a fine Scotch than some old rum.  This ain't yo parrain's Bacardi.  This has spoiled me on all other rums.  If you're visiting our fair city, you should set aside some time for this amazing cultural experience.  But if you live in NOLA, touring this wonderful and "could ya get more local?" distillery is an absolute imperative.  You'll see a side of this city and its culture that even you probably knew little about.  And yes, it was definitely worth the money.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,11/24/2011,62,70,4,9,8>If you are the kind of person that can't let go of the little kid inside you that likes to play dress up, this is the place for you.I decided I neeeeeeeded to be "Jessica, little red riding hood" from True Blood for Halloween. I had heard so many good things about this place that it was my first, and last, stop I made. When I went in the first time they didn't have the long curly red wig that I wanted in stock. No problem! They took my info and gave me a call when it arrived.When I went to pick it up, I didn't like the color. So, the sales person showed me a couple of other wigs that weren't in stock the first time. They helped me find exactly what I wanted. I will definitely be back for my next chance to play dress up, ASAP!Prices are very reasonable, and service wonderful.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,11/23/2011,234,1331,,9,4>So this place is hidden away and it just looks like somebody's house in the neighborhood.  When you walk up to it you might think you're sneaking into a secret mafia joint that you will need a secret password or membership card to get in.  You WILL need a very big appetite because Tony Angello's is famous for their FEED ME menus!!!If you dare to order the main Feed Me menu (and don't eat all day if you plan to) be prepared for about 30 courses (or more) that just goes and goes and goes for what begins to seem like hours as your belly gets so full but you can't stop eating all the tasty goodness.  The only dish I've consistently heard people say they aren't that wild about is the cold beef salad (it isn't bad it's just not as good as all the other stuff and it is cold beef so ahhh yeah beef better hot).  They have a lot of other fantastic options on the menu but everybody should experience the ecstasy and pain of the Feed Me at least once in their lives!
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,11/22/2011,147,39,11,12,12>I painted my bedroom the color of their lavender honey flavor. No joke. That is the most beautiful shade of light purple I've ever seen . . . and do you know what it is called on a paint swatch at Home Depot? "Naturally Calm." Yeah, that's pretty much the effect good ice cream has on me.You see, I . . . unlike some people . . . do not scream for frozen yogurt.I scream for ICE CREAM, dammit! And this is the real deal . . . so rich and creamy that I usually can't finish the whole cup. Don't ask me what my favorite flavor is . . . it changes every time I go in. But my favorite color will always be lavender honey. :-)
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,11/21/2011,13,7,7,9,7>I had an overwhelming experience at Upperline.  As background, five of my friends walked to Upperline after Endymion was cancelled due to a major downpour. On the way, I took a dive on the concrete and got mud on my jeans.  Luckily, you can arrive at Upperline in any manner as long as you mind yourself once you sit down.  They also took my ball cap at the door.Once you sit down, you realize that you just arrived at a place where every detail was well thought out.  They have local art along the walls to spur conversation and a wine list that kept one friend occupied for several minutes.  The menu consists of a four course meal for $40.  For an appetizer, I had the P&J Oysters St. Claude.  They were a terrific start that complimented the wine we had settled on.  I also tasted the fried green tomatos which I gladly devoured.  For the entree, I had the Wine-Braised Lamb Shank.  It was tender and brilliantly prepared.  I also had Pecan Pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream for dessert.  All of these choices were divine and I could see that my friends enjoyed theirs as well.  All except one, who felt her Filet Mignon was a little tough to cut with the knife provided.  And to everyone's surprise, the owner, a wonderful lady, came by and cut her steak for her with the chef's knife!  What an embarrassment and treat at the same time as the table ate up the attention.As a side treat, Anderson Cooper, Kelly Rippa, and friends were sat near us as they were headlining the parade that was cancelled.  It was a lot of entertainment and wonderful memories that I have and will continue to share with others.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,11/20/2011,61,96,,6,1>A big group of us (25) get breakfast after our very early Saturday morning run. They are always able to accommodate us and fit us in our usual spot by the bar. We always have the same waitress and she somehow remembers all of our orders without writing any of it down and knows what we regularly order; pretty impressive. I love their freshly squeezed orange and grapefruit juice. Their biscuits are amazing too.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2011,11/19/2011,102,210,,6,4>Probably the best non-fast food burger that isn't a staple like Camellia Grill or Port of Call. Burgers are good, filling and not overly expensive. However, the best thing there is the white hot dogs. They are delicious!!! Two issues- 1) If you're going to serve alcohol, have more seating. People will come to get a beer and just sit all night. 2) Write somewhere that you have to bus your own table. There is nothing written anywhere. Ok, three issues, have something for dessert other than milkshakes. Us un-milk people need something that isn't ice cream AND milk.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/7/2011,11/18/2011,55,78,18,11,10>Oh, Mardi Gras Zone, I shake my fist at you and damn you to the deepest hell, but I just can't quit you.Mardi Gras Zone used to piss me off, but now I just see it as eccentric and charming.  Mardi Gras Zone is a store that doesn't exactly know what it wants to be when it grows up, and that's OK.  I've seen it through its infancy (started as a warehouse), the terrible twos (the post-Katrina beginnings, where you could buy a bag of rotten potatoes for 10 bucks), its awkward early-adolescence (I'm gonna be a gourmet grocery!  I'm gonna get my liquor license!  I'm gonna stock foreign foods no one wants, like Marmite*!  I'm gonna have organic produce from the owner's farm!  I'm gonna make pizza!), and its current rebellious teen years (I WILL NEVER STOCK THE ITEMS YOU WANT, AND YOU CAN'T MAKE ME!).  There's really not a whole lot of rhyme or reason to what they stock nowadays--they eschew mainstream, brand-name tortilla chips in favor of expensive organic ones, but they stock Krispy Kreme and Starbucks.  They have one brand of canned black beans, but you can find 20 varieties of curry paste.  Want some bread?  Oh, you're in luck!  They have like four shelves of different types of pita bread, some of which is melting because it's the kind you store in the fridge BAKE YOURSELF, not the kind you slap on a shelf in August.  Which brings me to the atmosphere--I have no idea why they bother to stock half the stuff they do if they're not going to invest in air conditioning in the building.  I was in there about a month ago and there were like 6 cases of melted candy bars.  Come on, Benny.  It's hot as hell in the summer and cold as a witch's tit in the winter.  There's no climate control whatsoever, and you want me to pay 10 bucks for a thing of jasmine rice?  You know damn well that that's not only unwelcoming to customers, it's unsafe for the food.  Oh and check the expiration dates on the products; sometimes they're old.Don't get me wrong, I really do love Mardi Gras Zone.  It reminds me of my drunken schizophrenic dad in a way.  Ridiculous, incomprehensible, but somehow still endearing.*From what I understand, I'm the only one who bought the Marmite, so they stopped stocking it.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,11/17/2011,173,142,3,14,7>Galatoire's is one of the most venerated New Orleans institutions, and as with most New Orleans institutions, it is only special once one appreciates the history and culture surrounding it.  Galatoire's does not have the best food in New Orleans by a long shot.  What it does have, though, is timeless appeal, achieved through a brightly glittering main dining room, unmatched service, and probably the largest, sassiest group of misbehaved, drunken regulars of anything remotely similar.  This is where doctors, lawyers, and other professionals gather for lunch on Fridays, where martinis are swilled, champagne bottles popped, and relationships solidified.  Often, those who are particularly enjoying themselves day drinking will stay on for a "double header" having dinner as well.Regulars never look at the menu, and it is considered bad form to do so.  It is far better to ask the waiter or your companions what is recommended that day.I had dinner there once, but it's been over two years and I cannot really remember exactly what my entree was. I believe it was a filet mignon with asparagus and hollandaise -- I do remember that it was incredible.I returned last week for drinks with friends.  I had the most perfect afternoon of martinis (served with a side of garnishes including the sought after and oh so tasty anchovy-stuffed olive) and Veuve and friends and so much laughter.  And, after all, isn't that the sort of thing New Orleans is all about?
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,11/16/2011,30,32,12,10,6>Looking to celebrate a special occasion and in possession of credit card points, I recently booked a night at the Roosevelt. The ONLY downside to this plan was that, sadly, singing "big pimpin spending points" as I roamed the hotel didn't inspire nearly the level of satisfaction I hoped.As other reviewers have noted, the Roosevelt oozes history, and walking the grandiose and ornately-appointed hotel lobby made me long for another era. In fact, I'd take out a second mortgage on my soul for the opportunity to booze with Huey Long at the Roosevelt. We'd spend an afternoon chain smoking and planning the downfall of a political nemesis. Of course, this plan would include provisions to ensure that no one could definitively trace said spectacular political implosion back to Hu (yes, we're on a shortened first name basis). But I digress.The rooms were impeccably decorated, complete with the amenities you would expect, including a ridiculously comfortable bed and large flat screen TV. I always thought it odd when hotel bathrooms included a phone. I mean, who has extended conversations from a landline in a hotel bathroom?! But after staying at the Roosevelt, I understand. There really is no reason to leave the confines of the bathroom. Oh, and the shower has 4 shower heads! (last two sentences are not related you big perv)However, my favorite part of the room was not the fancypants stuff, but a large frame with three New Orleans pictures courtesy of the Historical New Orleans Collection. Given the history of the hotel, I thought these pictures were a very nice touch. Because I only stayed at the Roosevelt for one night, I don't really feel qualified to size up the service, but I didn't have problems during my brief stay.Tips:- The rooftop pool, hot tub, and bar are awesome. If this is an amenity you plan to enjoy with any frequency, consider requesting a room on the 4th floor. - The hotel website lists valet as $40 a night plus tax. There's a pay lot less than a half block away from the hotel entrance for $22 a day. - Don't miss Domenica (great happy hour) and the Sazerac Bar. If you do, (to quote Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman), big mistake!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/19/2013,233,391,,9,4>Five Happiness is the best Chinese restaurant in the New Orleans area. The food is consistently good, the service is great, and the building is set up with a really cool and pleasant interior décor. My favorite dish is the Mongolian beef and the General's chicken. Both excellent and both a must every time I visit. BOTTOM LINE: Best Chinese in NOLA
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/18/2013,883,544,10,5,4>They say don't follow the crowd.  But when it comes to food, do the opposite.  Walking by here you can't help but notice the buzz.  Large as their outdoor seating area is, you'd be lucky to get a seat.Cafe au lait, I totally said it wrong but who cares.  I don't even drink coffee.  But I did here.  It must be something about the green and white awning.  And the beignets were so hot they burned my fingers, yet so delicious I could not stop eating them despite the pain.  They are messy, so I would eat them there instead of to go.  Don't wear black and don't be surprised if you look like you just stepped out of a cocaine infested bathroom binge session afterwards.  Just hope no one's taking photos.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,2/17/2013,84,153,4,8,3>Oh my god, where to start?!First off, and probably most shallowest, the girls that work here are hot! (At least the night i went) non-stop cuties! And the female patrons in attendance were also a pleasure!Ok, now to business. The cornbread that's given is fused with crack, i'm convinced. Those little muffins of superiority came from a person not of this planet. I had to stop myself from continuing to ask our server for more.Had the shrimp and alligator cheesecake and fried green tomatoes for starters and f^*k me, they were good! The Entree of choice was the blackened red fish with a side of mashed potato and corn maque choux and they could have charged me whatever for it, and i would have paid. The wait was a little heinous, but completely understandable given the insane crowd that was there. And i'm glad i waited because it was well worth it.Great service, pricey, but i had no regrets with the $60/person i dropped. I'll definitely be doing it again.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,2/16/2013,93,281,6,12,8>This restaurant has been a favorite of mine for some time but this is my first review on YELP. The building has housed a number of restaurants in the past and for one reason or another they have failed. This is not the case for Coquette.The downstairs is not very large and shares the space with one long and attractive bar. The bar itself is not a bad place to drink and to share a great dinner. Jacob who was a very good waiter is now a very good manager. Chloe is a caring and attentive server.  The entire staff is at the level of doing all they can to insure that your visit is one that will cause you to plan a speedy return for more tasty food and dutiful service. The cuisine is absolutely a reward for your taste buds. Everything from the central item on your plate to the side items brings a smile to your face. All ingredients are fresh and the impression given in appearance, taste, and enjoyment is that you are being served from the kitchen of a lifelong citizen of New Orleans who knows how to stir a pot.The Chef is not from here according to the restaurant's web site but he has to have some New Orleans' roots somewhere in his family's ancestry. The man can cook and he makes me beam in savoring his delicacies that are produced in the kitchen. Whether your order shrimp, steak tartare, crab cakes, or "fried chicken" it is all so good. The combination of ambiance, service, drinks, and culinary delights rises to a Five Star classification.This restaurant has my Seal of Approval.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,2/15/2013,58,253,2,5,3>I took last year off (I think? I don't remember going) from po-boy fest, so the last time I had been there before returning this year was the 2010 fest - this was when the lines really started getting crazy-insane. I'm not too claustrophobic, but even the 2010 lines made me a little queasy and panicky. Fast forward to 2012 - I'm not sure whether all these changes were new to this year or in 2011, but I really appreciated that they did away with having a main stage right at Carrollton and Oak. Really seemed to cut down on the bottleneck at the very beginning. Also, the mobile beer vendors were excellent! Anytime I needed a beer, I never had to go more than half a block. I LOVED that Bike Easy provided free valet bicycle parking. What a fantastic service. There were even some nice guys who helped me out with a quick pro bono tire tuneup, which was much appreciated. I'm not sure how widely advertised the valet service was, since I saw tons of bikes locked up on fences around the fest. There are still damn long lines and big crowds at Po-Boy Fest. If you truly get panicky around big lines or crowds, Po-Boy Fest is probably not for you. That said, I was in an epic long line (Jacques-Imos) that actually moved pretty fast. One suggestion: I wish there were a few more sweets vendors. It was hard to find a way to satisfy my sweet tooth after chowing down on po-boys.I think this is one of my favorite festivals in New Orleans, but then I'm a glutton who loves excuses to eat anytime, anywhere.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,2/14/2013,125,204,2,5,4>Actually, this in itself isn't saying much, I think this is the North Shore's best pizza.  It's actually pretty damn good pizza.  Sandwiches aren't bad either.The restaurant makes good use of the former location of at least two restaurants that didn't make it.   Very nice view of the river from the main dining room.  The overall decorative theme is something like 1950's sci fi comic books and B-movies but it's not overdone.  A little tacky, yes, but kind of cool at the same time.  Not sure what this has to do with the pizza or the river view but it somehow works.  This is actually a rather nice restaurant.But back to the pizza - it's thin crust cooked in a very hot coal burning oven just as it should be.  The coal fire adds a slight smokiness to the pie.  Add a few interesting toppings and you have yourself a pretty tasty pizza.Nice bar as well.  Wine is $5/glass and $15/bottlle at all times.  There's not a great selection and certainly noting upscale but it's still the best overall deal on wine compared to any other restaurant in town.Service is professional and efficient.Bottom line: nothing wrong with it! Go and have yourself some pretty good pizza!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,2/13/2013,24,87,,7,3>As it is more of a commuter school with less on-campus life and activities, I don't know that I would recommend it to anyone from out of state or out of town with no contacts in the New Orleans area.  However, for those that have already completed a degree and aren't looking for the quintessential college experience or those that have a network of friends or family in New Orleans or the surrounding area already, UNO is an absolute dream.  They have all of the same academic offerings as a larger university, Greek life for those that are interested, and an updated rec center and on-campus apartments.  All of this for one tenth to one quarter of the cost of a state university in Louisiana or Texas.  UNO is definitely a great option for a college education.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/12/2013,126,102,,15,4>This review will be long, but there's a lot of backstory.I went on a high school trip to France in 1994 that happened to coincide with being at the D-Day beaches for the 50th anniversary of the Battle of Normandy. This trip, at 16, made me become obsessed with all things D-Day.Years later I met a guy in college who I ended up marrying who was also a WWII buff. We're both originally from Louisiana but happened to be living in Houston when the museum was still just the D-Day Museum and would visit every year around Christmas while visiting family back in LA.We've since traveled to Europe, visiting the D-Day beaches again along with cities like Munich and Berlin, and seeing as many things WWII related as we possibly can.What's my point? We've traveled across the Atlantic multiple times to learn more about this fascinating period in history and this museum is right up there with the best of them. Seriously - even when it was just the D-Day Museum it was good, but now it's even better with the addition of the Pacific side...and they're still expanding!! A big complaint that I have with some history museums in America is that they present too much of the 'MURICA! side of things, whereas in other places you get more of a complete picture. Not here. If you're a World War II buff, you need to see this museum. Even if you're not - you need to see this museum. I learn more and more on every visit.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,2/10/2013,439,621,1,9,4>As a result of Hurricane Katrina, the city of Slidell has grown by leaps and bounds.  It is evident not only by the talk of the town, but the construction & new businesses that are abounding.  Traveling I-10 east or west bound there are a total of 4 Slidell exits (2 in each direction); with this being said, one might think this is a Podunk town.  But au contraire mon frere, it maybe small, but it's bursting at the seams with little surprises.  Gause Blvd, Front Street, Old Spanish Trail, Brown Switch, just to name a few, are streets that are teeming with quaint stores and restaurants.  Everyday I "find" a new reason to venture out more into Slidell.  It has the feel of a small country town where "everybody knows your name", but it demands the respect of a major metropolis as a result of the "popping up all over the place" new businesses & new construction.Don't sleep on Slidell, it's a hidden treasure.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/9/2013,95,242,3,8,3>Thinking back to our trip here, what a great date place for a rainy afternoon! We parked in the open-air lot next to the Canal Shopping plaza parking lot (you can get validation for this lot from the aquarium) and walked over. We got combo tickets for both the zoo and aquarium. I think they that particular combo was in the $30 price range, which is a great deal. We didn't need to get the full monty package since we aren't all that interested in seeing an IMAX or the insectarium. Anyhow, we're looking forward to the zoo at a later date. It's not the largest or most exciting aquarium ever, but they do a really great job with the exhibits (favs include the otters, penguins, and giant tank sponsored hilariously by some big oil companies) and the parakeet part was a nice bonus. All in all, it took about 90 minutes of leisurely strolling to make it through the entire building. After visiting all the exhibits, we went for a nice river walk down to Cafe Du Monde to get some goodies and back. I think we paid a bit extra for the parking since we took longer than the validation was good for, but it was definitely worth it. Having seen it once, I don't feel a huge urge to go back again. However, having said that - we really enjoyed visiting and are happy we took the time to check it out.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,7/3/2014,1319,184,5,14,7>I may not be a native New Orleanian, but I'm from Louisiana and I know good seafood. The Galley has good seafood. Best I've ever had? Probably not. But plenty good.Let's start with the most important item: boiled crawfish. It was kind of a mixed bag here. Most of the crawfish were pretty big, which is obviously a good thing. And they were seasoned nicely. I wouldn't mind a bit more spice, but they weren't bland. They were, however, not particularly hot. They were warm, which means by the time we ate half of our order of 8 pounds they were pretty much cold. And they were a little on the expensive side at around $5/lb., if I'm remembering correctly. But overall, they were good.We actually started the meal with some seafood gumbo, which was also quite flavorful, if not particularly spicy. And we sampled the oysters as well -- both chargrilled and raw. I'm not a huge raw oyster fan and I only had one or two, but I will say this: they served us some BIG oysters. Probably the biggest I've seen around town. Now, big doesn't always equate to good, but in this case they were. I just prefer them chargrilled -- it's a texture thing, I think.We also had some boiled shrimp, which were quite large as well. I didn't have many because I was so focused on the crawfish and beer (Abita Strawberry - yum). The service was very nice and the night we were there it was pleasant out, so we sat outside, which is the best way to enjoy crawfish, in my opinion. I liked The Galley a lot and will keep it in mind for seafood going forward, but there are other places I want to try as well.AMENDMENT: The company I was with was top-of-the-line. Five stars, easily.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,7/2/2014,79,41,5,11,8>I've used Klean Krewe Housekeeping regularly & intermittently for approximately 1 year. I recommended them to a friend in New Orleans who had been dissatisfied with cleaning companies/person(s) tried. My friend liked Klean Krewe so much she paid an extra fee to get them to travel from the north shore to Nola! They regularly clean 2 places for her. However, this is my review not hers so I shall get on with it!Here are the positives:- Klean Krewe is a small business owned by a very friendly husband & wife. Small business owners https are the backbone of our local economy. They live, spend money & contribute to our community. - They are very trustworthy! This is HUGE to me. Not only monetarily but, responsibly remembering not to let pet(s) outdoors &/ or certain rooms. Many services have disclaimers stating no responsibility in these situations. - They don't mind if you have (friendly) pets!  - These folks will practically do back flips to accommodate you! If you need a cleaning right away they sincerely try to help. Also, if something changes in your schedule they are quite flexible & forgiving. Chain companies in this situation.... Good luck!!- They work hard! At the end of the job they ask you to please look around, see if everything is done to your satisfaction. This is your chance to inspect & critique the job done. They don't leave without hearing you're happy with the work! (unless you aren't present.) - They provide a lagniappe card which, gives you a discount after reaching a certain number of cleanings. Nice!! I appreciate this.They also have a referral discount program. - They bring all supplies! This includes:A Clean (detachable) mop head for each job, later laundered. This is not only sanitary but, very green! A fresh bag placed in vacuum at each job. They use a high quality commercial Oreck vacuum. Clean rags used at each job site. Good quality products that smell pleasant as well. Nothing toxic or harmful!If you have specific product(s) you prefer KK will gladly implement these; just ask & provide preferred product(s).Negative, if you can even call it that!- These folks have told me it's been difficult to find & retain quality employees. As a result, they get spread a bit thin....  Being the owners, chief marketing people, workers & trainers for new employees. This happens in any burgeoning business! Growing pains!
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,7/1/2014,67,176,1,10,4>This pizza brought me back to my childhood. Eating it, I felt exactly like I did eating pizza as a kid, back when pizza was the best thing ever!Michelle (I hope I'm keeping names straight) stopped in our building and handed out catering menus. I just happened to have two in house events the next week, and was dreading having to buy box lunches for both days. So I called to order from Rocketfire.The process of ordering was a little rocky. The girl explained that it was her first day/week, so I'll cut some slack there. Michelle called back to make sure they had everything right later, and that really impressed me.I ordered 3 large pies and a tray of Caesar salad with chicken added. The Works pizza must've been a hit, b/c it was gone within 10 minutes. I had the Pepperoni, and was impressed. Pizza never impresses me. Or it didn't, I spent 6 years wasting away in Houston - Land of No Pies. I realize there are lots of good places here in Nola, and I think RocketFire is near the top of the list. The crust was perfectly cooked. There was just enough sauce. And it was super cheesy. The cheese and pepperoni were both just starting to crisp. It was delicious... I had a cold piece for a snack later and it was just as yummy. I didn't eat the salad, but I did taste the dressing. Very good, parmesan-y and creamy.I will use them again in the future when we need something different to order in for an event.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,6/30/2014,61,118,6,12,3>Okay, first things first: I'm pretty sure the folks at District... are trying to murder me...with pleasure (and fat).   I would not single myself out as some sort of donut expert, aficionado or even enthusiast; they are tasty (usually), but not my first choice in sweet treats.   Well, I may have to attenuate that stance, as District has blown my mind with their donuts for the last month or so to the point that all I want is one of their sugary, creamy fried calorie bombs to addle me with gustatorial bliss (right before I dive into a body image shame spiral).   I can't decide if the Vietnamese iced coffee, the satsuma mimosa or the berries & cream is my favorite, but all three are in my "best donuts of all time list". The New Orleans & Boston creams are also delicious filled donuts, while the S'mores is merely fantastic (as opposed to life-altering). Our lone foray into non-filled so far is the Nutella, which was wonderful.    Those sliders are pretty darned good too. I've sampled the tofu (simultaneously crisp and silken, with wafer thin pickle & tomato slices to add sweet and tart to the fluffy little umami bomblet and the fried shrimp, which was piled with plump, perfectly fried shrimp that rocked my world. My lovely wife has yet to stray from the fried chicken sliders (with candied jalepenos & slaw) and pronounces them delicious (she is the resident fried chicken expert in our family). We shared excellent waffle fries our last visit and I can't wait to try the biscuits, kolaches and soft serve on future visits.    I'm beginning to suspect that my obituary will read: "perished in a slider/donut eating incident...with a grinning rictus affixed to his face" at District Donuts Sliders Brew.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,6/29/2014,9,19,2,13,6>I think people may be unclear about what kind of noodles are served here. This is (by and large) a Japanese style noodle house. That means they serve ramen, traditionally accompanied by nori (seaweed), a soft-boiled egg, and some type of pork. If you have never had ramen, or think those things are weird in noodle soup, then you might not be inclined to give this place a good review. That being said, their house ramen is really good! Pretty traditional, except that the broth didn't seem to be tonkotsu (pork bone) and was instead a beef based broth. Still, very tasty. Noodles are homemade, respect! I'm from San Francisco and have been to Japan, and this ramen is the best in the city (not saying much in Nola...). It's not as good as ramen in California, NYC, or Japan obviously, but it holds its own. I like that there are two different bowl sizes, so you can save room for pie. Also you can get extra noodles, or add more pork products to your bowl. Yay options! The small plates are more "Asian fusion." We got the short ribs, which were falling off the bone delicious. Also got shrimp korokke, which are like shrimp croquettes. These were ok, but the filling was like a paste with no discernible shrimp and the whole dish was really sweet. Too intense for me. Fried brussels sprouts were good, but how do you go wrong with that? I guess they were made Asian-y by the inclusion of panko. Although the panko was just sitting in grease on the plate instead of covering the sprouts. Pie!!! Ok so this is such a weird combo and I think that's why I resisted coming here for so long, even being the noodle soup lover I am. And I'm not going to say it works as a dessert for Asian food. But their key lime pie and chocolate pecan (I think it was pecan) were so yummy! In the future I would come for one or the other. Everyone was happy. This place is solid for either noodles or pie, whichever your heart desires. And so far, best ramen I've found in Nola!Edit: people, this is NOT expensive! My bowl was $10! Do you have any idea how laborious it is to make ramen broth?? And they make their own noodles! That speaks to a higher quality product, which you should be happy to pay for.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/28/2014,161,103,4,12,7>I love my pastas, bread, and just carbs overall. This is the perfect place for all of that. Wine, pastas, seafood, and overall great food. The atmosphere of the restaurant is very nice and cozy. For the appetizers I ordered the Oysters Almondine, these were fried oysters with lemon terragon cream sauce. It was heaven. I also ordered the corn and crabmeat bisque, which was served in a bread bowl .This was so good and creamy. I ordered the Veal Parmigiana as the entree, this was also delicious, creamy, and tasty. All a perfect combination. They had plenty of options for you on the menu and they also have a large specials menu that night.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,6/27/2014,67,157,2,5,4>I'm not all that experienced when it comes to festivals, but this was a great way to be introduced. The music is worth the price of admission. There are at least 3-4 acts that will be of interest to anyone that comes. Cajun, rock, blues, jazz, gospel, it's all there. The only problem is that like any corporate entity with a captive audience, prices are jacked up, and the food isn't that great.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,6/26/2014,60,62,4,14,5>Third times the charm. After watching the construction of this restaurant for months, I was eager to sink my teeth into a real Atomic burger. I read all of the reviews and can understand both the positive and negatives. This is a new concept in burgers and shakes. Not some transplanted New York/L.A. craze. It's born of our local folks and they're embarking on uncharted territory. That said, there are some kinks in service and consistency (that I believe they will work out in time so I won't harp on them) but the burgers are thick, fresh, juicy and cooked just right. I give it a big thumbs up. The owners/managers were very friendly and made sure to ask us how we liked everything. They had signage up addressing  some of the concerns from previous reviewers, I think they are very open to the thoughts/concerns of customers and will continue to approve. For now, this makes my list of go to go 'old-fashioned' burgers and shakes. Price-wise...I mean, you pay $7-9 for a combo at Wendy's. So why not $9-12 for a combo (with Shake) at a locally owned joint that uses real actual ground beef!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,6/25/2014,7,21,6,13,8>See all them stars? All that heavy bright red up in that average rating? That's no mistake. It ain't a case that the owner's friends all coming on here and tried to game you, dog. It ain't some kind of fluke. NOLA Smokehouse is the best and [apparently] the most under-appreciated BBQ in town at the moment. Don't let it get to you that the decor isn't up yet and that you're sitting at cheap tables in a cinder-block room that, sure, can get a little hot. And don't worry that this used to be that one wing place that had pretty decent wings but didn't ever seem to really sell any. There's magic here. Get the Sampler. You'll want to try it all: the fall-off-bone ribs, the transcendent corn spoon bread, the burnt ends, the pickled veggies, the sausage, the brisket, whatever they've got. It's all incredible. Chef Rob's smoking stuff overnight for your mind to explode the next day. The sweet sauce is like nothing I've had--complex but also very, very sweet. The spicy is super tasty as well. It's all served on a giant platter.The place has just recently switched to having dinner service, until 7, and me and my friend were the only customers for a little while there [530's an odd time though].This is the most beautiful and honest exchange. A man and his wife building a business. You can say you were there back when you were the only people in the restaurant. Because you certainly won't be able to say that for much longer.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,6/24/2014,47,159,3,11,4>Still one of the best sushi places in the area if not the best. I've been going here for almost two decades. This means they are busy. This is a good thing. You want high turnover in a sushi restaurant. That means the fish are fresh and they are always very fresh here. The sushi guys, waiters, and waitresses are always very nice. Additionally, the prime location on Veterans not far off of Causeway, means that it is convenient to go to on your way to or from the city. On my 16th birthday, my mom took me here for lunch and then to see Dangerous Liasions. I felt so cosmopolitan. My most recent meal here was last night (and also with my mother). We shared a rainbow roll and some kind of special roll. Both were excellent.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,1/15/2012,526,986,5,13,9>FINALLY!  After years of hearing about how fantastic Yo Mama's food is, I got to check it out for myself!  I was super hungry when I checked out what Yo Mama's had to offer.  I kept it simple and ordered the "Yo Mama" burger with a side salad (yes, a salad.  Shutty!).  It was incredible and I finished it in about ten minutes.  It was easily one of the best burgers I have had in the city.  My only complaint was that I ordered it medium and it was cooked medium well.  That's not a huge thing.  I still ate it and it was still good.  Also, be prepared, this place tends to get really packed and you may be waiting about 30 minutes for food, but that's a small price to pay for such a good burger.I want to go back and try their famed "peanut butter" burger.  I just wanted to try something basic my first time in there.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,1/14/2012,146,418,2,6,4>Admittedly, Café Du Monde is something of a tourist trap, so there may be a bit of a wait to get a table. Also, it's cash only. Locals or people in the know have begun a campaign to establish Café Beignet as the place to go for beignets. Their argument has some merit. Located right on Bourbon St., Café Beignet is in the center of all the action in the French Quarter. They also accept credit cards, there's live music, there's a bar so you're not limited to coffee, they serve food in addition to just beignets and they spray a mist of water on you to keep you cool in the heat. I'll admit I'm a fan of their frozen everythings. This place is certainly worth a visit if you're a fan of beignets.But on the flip side, the space is much smaller than Café Du Monde. They don't allow you the liberty of powdered sugar shakers on the table to indulge your sweet-tooth. And you don't get the same majestic vibe you would at Café Du Monde.  This place is good to go to if you're already on Burbon and want some beignets, or if you're looking to not deal with a long wait. But if you have time and want to sit down for a nice experience, I personally still prefer Café Du Monde to this place, if only because of history.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,1/13/2012,152,91,1,5,6>What a delightful find! After driving by it countless times, I finally noticed their banner. I love a good wine bar, and it is so close to my house it was only natural I try this place out. I were not disappointed. Their cocktails were artfully crafted by friendly and helpful bartenders, and the cheese-plate offered generous portions of 4 different cheeses with several types of crackers and spreads. Their wine by the glass specials are a real bang for your buck, but if you are looking to enjoy a bottle they won't charge a corking fee if you purchase one of the bottles they have on hand in the adjacent wine shop before 9pm. The atmosphere is very fitting, not too loud but lively enough to make for the perfect meet up, date, or laid back drink with friends. I've sat at the bar every time because I enjoy the staff but they also have some nice couch/lounge type seating as well. On Thursday nights they even feature offerings from the Farmers Market that takes place outside. One of my new favorites.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2011,1/12/2012,71,130,1,7,6>With Christmas around the corner I was hoping to buy a mask for my younger sister who is the whimsical sort, and I figured the Quarter would be a great place to find one. I started by peaking my head into a few shops to see if anything suited my budget of $50. Obviously, most of the cheaper masks displayed the "made in china" logo, or the sales clerk couldn't speak about their history. In the Mask Gallery, however, the store immediately presents itself as an art gallery. After a few steps into the store, there is a small work area where you can see some masks being created. Since I'm very curious about the process behind mask construction, I enjoyed looking at the half created pieces. In addition to the masks created on site, there are different sections of masks from artists around the world. I finally picked a pink and gold mask from the venetian section, which I thought would suit my sister's tastes, and the price was close to my budget (total came to $60). Along with the great selection at the store, the staff offered a lot of help with describing some of the artists and regaling me with past Mardi Gras tales. After the holidays are over I'm definitely coming back here to pick one up for myself.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,1/11/2012,148,326,2,10,8>Yet another 5 star Yelp review for the ladies down at Rocket Science! I loved my haircut from Dara and the overall experience is worth the price. As others have said, the space is really cool as they have transformed a house on Elysian Fields into something spectacular. Dara was a little slow to warm up to, but I always felt comfortable with her work. During her initial consultation, she listened to what I had to say and knew how to explain what I couldn't. By the time she was actually cutting my hair I felt that I had known her as a stylist for years and was extremely comfortable. She never tried to sell me a product, but she introduced me to some magic Italian formula that seems to cure my potential fro that I just had to have when I left (it's tough in this humidity to deal with my fro head). Although the haircut may have been a little more than what I'm use to paying, the experience was well worth the price. Truthfully though, Dara won her way into my heart by complimenting my gray streak. I highly recommend this salon if you are looking for a new do and want professional stylists in a cool and calm atmosphere.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,1/10/2012,218,209,4,10,10>Perfect way to top off a night on the town! One of those hangouts with just the right beat  can simply amount to "heaven". I read your reviews and tried the bubbly vive (more is more). It was delush!!! Yes delush! Its my new word for a great drink.The atmosphere is very W-ish without the herd of cattle. I would recommend dinner at GW, drinks at Vive, then live music at Irvin Mayfields. Research done - trip advisory complete. Enjoy.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,1/9/2012,179,277,6,12,9>Maybe I was in a bad mood on the night I first went to the Joint. Or maybe it was an off night. Because this review is going to be a 180 degree change in direction.I hereby solemnly swear that the Joint is the best BBQ I have tasted in the New Orleans metro area.Since I moved to the area, I've eaten here 5+ times and have developed a usual order: Brisket Dinner with double green salad.  I was born and raised in Texas and feel like I'm qualified to judge good 'cue from bad. Most places in New Orleans can make a decent pulled pork, but FAIL when it comes to brisket. I don't even know what most do wrong - there ends up being fat distributed throughout the meat, the texture is coarse, and the meat falls apart not unlike an overcooked roast. The Joint falls into none of these traps. The brisket is firm with a small ribbon of fat across the top of each slice. The texture is very fine. There's a delicious crust on the outside that is the product of a heavily applied rub.  Most importantly, the brisket has an awesomely thick pink ring from hours of smoking. It truly compares well to the best Texas BBQ.Now onto my heretical choice of side dishes. I ordered the salad on a whim one visit. Its just mixed greens, nothing exciting. The dressing, however, transforms the salad into a culinary wonder. The staff called it a roasted tomato and onion dressing. I just call it delicious. A double order comes with double dressing. I haven't resorted to pouring the dressing directly into my mouth, but that day isn't far off.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,1/8/2012,105,131,,7,6>Impasatatos you have my vote for fanciest Italian restaurant ive had the pleasure of dining at in Metry/New Orleans area. I love you salmon color tablecloths its a nice departure  from the black or white im used too. Your bar area looks like a fine dining football fanatics dream with all its memoralbilia.Your food omg i would be soo happy to have just Crab Claws as my entree. It is that Incredible. My friend and I got the Joe's Dinner Special.  I would have been perfectly happy if this was only a 3 course special  of appetizer,entree and dessert instead of 5 which included salad and pasta. The Tilapia Payton was good but your chocolate mousse cake was divine!Service was great Alec was awesome!I will definately be back now i understand why people love this place soo much.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,1/7/2012,107,129,4,12,7>BSI is awesome. Period. I've been a customer since the old Fairfield store and like many of my peers pretty much grew up in these stores. Parking is tight but I'd rather ding Tiger Gifts if I ever review them  and blame them for parking issues so I can leave this as a five star review.Mr. Carl was always a constant fixture in the store. When he retired and found a new owner in Jason it was the best sale. The new owners maintain the same standard I remember, friendly, keeps knowledgeable staff on hand, takes care of their customers, and participates in comic events like Free Comic Book Day and 24 Hour Comics Day.Comics and related merchandise downstairs, gaming upstairs, it's in a central location near my other favorite location in Fat City: Bennett's Camera.And always remember to support your local comic shops.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,1/6/2012,21,139,4,7,4>I rarely enjoy crawfish at a restaurant, because it is not spicy enough and the social aspect of sitting in a backyard with a group of friends is missing. But, I had out of town guests who wanted crawfish and I lacked the energy and funds to throw a big crawfish boil, so after reading some reviews about this place, I figured it was a safe bet.The crawfish here was the spiciest I've gotten at restaurants, and it was served hot! I've gotten crawfish from Big Fisherman and Sal's and it was lukewarm at best- kinda gross. They were spicy, hot, and most of them were pretty big. They added celery to the boil, and I had never had that before, it is a pretty good addition..it soaks up the flavor really well.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,3/5/2014,56,189,1,11,5>Someone recommended Precision Automotive to me and now I'm recommending Precision Automotive to you. My AC stopped blowing cold air at the peak of the suffocatingly hot and humid Louisiana summer. I was desperate for it to be fixed but unfortunately the problem wasn't easily identifiable. I know that Jack, the owner and main mechanic, put many more hours of labor into my car than he charged me for. He removed and replaced the compressor and when that didn't fix it, he replaced other (fortunately less costly!) parts until it finally worked again. He could have just left the new compressor in and charged me for the parts and labor, but he removed it because it wasn't necessary and he is a more honest mechanic than that. You do need to be proactive in calling him for updates though if you'd like to stay posted on progress and more importantly the projected timeline for completion.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,3/4/2014,126,102,6,11,11>How much do I love, love, LOVE Ruby Slipper? A lot! And it's within walking distance from my house, yay!!!They have a regular menu but they also have specials every week. Things like praline pancakes or recees peanut butter french toast (I know, right!!!). They have your other typical breakfast faire (omelettes, etc) and they make a mean brandy milk punch...because who doesn't like booze with their breakfast?It does get crowded and there's usually a wait, but have a few mimosas while you wish for the people already seated to hurry up and soon your worries will subside.It's not a big place and the tables are close together, but that's alright because you get to see what other people ordered and know what you're getting next time. They're closed on Monday and only open through 2 pm the rest of the week.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,3/3/2014,87,388,4,11,8>It's the holidays, (a season here that stretches from before Thanksgiving through Mardi Gras).  Any excuse for a sweet dessert.  So I find myself making several trips during the season to visit the bakery to stock up on the goodies.  Since we are buying for either some event at the house or to bring to a party, it's hard to say what is the favorite purchase.  I do know the turtles and chocolate eclairs go quickly.  And the red velvet and doberge cakes do not seem to last long either.  The Cajun Kringle seems to be the latest hit.  We use them to send King Cake packages to out of town friends and family.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,3/2/2014,160,232,9,14,12>A buttermilk drop is something like the donut hole from a cake donut.  I normally dislike cake donuts, but here, the donuts here including the cake ones are tasty! If you have never had one, you have got to taste one. They are worth driving out of your way to try. This building has seen many different restaurants come and go, but I think this one is here to stay.  This is actually a new location of a New Orleans  bakery icon located in Treme.  They serve donuts and all the usual related pastries and the obligatory coffee. They have a breakfast menu, and lunch specials. Our breakfast sandwiches were made quickly and were super fresh.  I ate every bit of mine.  We tried a variety of donuts and all of them were very good.  The jelly filled is my favorite.  The texture of the donuts is really nice without a hint of grease. The restaurant is clean, and the service is excellent. The staff is friendly, and efficient.  They haven't been open long, but there is a steady stream of patrons and the mood is always upbeat and cheery.  People seem to love it here.  Maybe it's the endless supply of tasty, sugary, beautiful treats.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/1/2014,235,222,5,12,8>Fairly recently, I undertook a simultaneous project involving the demolition and replacement of my walkway and sidewalk, as well as the installation of subsurface drain for my downspouts and a French drain for my side yard.  Since I was doing all the work myself (not recommended, as it was more than I bargained for), I needed to contract the services of a dumpster rental company to haul away the tons of concrete and soil from my excavation project.My needs were simple and my choice was made based on least cost.  I didn't need a fancy neon painted dumpster with a slogan on the side; not that there's anything wrong with that.  All I needed was a fair price, a guaranteed delivery time and a quick pickup once I was done.J & L Demolition and Dumpster fulfilled all my dumpster needs.  The salesperson was a very nice lady and helped me estimate the size dumpster I needed over the phone.  The price was very reasonable and I was immediately put in contact with the driver to coordinate a delivery date and time.  On the date of delivery, the driver showed up within 30 minutes of the pre-determined time and dropped it exactly where I requested.  As it said previously, I didn't need a fancy neon painted dumpster and that's exactly what I got.  In fact the name of the company (J&L) and the phone number were spray painted on the side with what appeared to be a can of Krylon.  But who cares, I was happy to get the savings passed on to me.  After I filled it to the brim with concrete and dirt (a few weekends later), I made the call to have it picked up and as promised, it was picked up the very next day with hardly a trace that it was ever there.Easy peasy!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,2/28/2014,17,111,1,9,4>Dickie Brennan's has been THE STANDARD for Louisiana for some time now.  (Especially since Dwight Stroud passed away.)Dickie's has the BEST parking, the BEST waitstaff, great steaks, & very reasonable, "fair" prices.I carry a couple Gerber steak knives in my jacket pocket.And, it is ALWAYS very, very good !  Compare to the Metropolitan Grill, Bern's, Little Rhein, Del Frisco's, Rainwater's, etc.Rick
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,2/27/2014,67,109,3,7,8>This is still one of my favorites in town and in my top 5 for Sunday brunch.  This is a MUST DO if you're visiting or just moved here (as I assume if you've lived here for any amount of time you've already been multiple times!)  The food and service are always top notch.  I think they still have 25-cent martini specials at lunch but haven't been for lunch during the week in a while.   Yummy Goodness:  bananas foster pancakes, gumbo, fish of the day, steak and eggs, shrimp and grits...honestly I have never had anything there that wasn't fantastic.I would not take kids there and be sure to dress for the occasion.  I think jackets are required for gentlemen but maybe it's just that any gentleman who has taken me there had the good taste to wear one regardless!
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,2/26/2014,159,87,1,8,5>I think I've been to all of the donut shops in the area and I've found Mary Lee's to be the best. I could easily find myself stopping in for a donut or two every morning if I don't watch myself.The only negative to me is the price. Donut shops around here are sure proud of their donuts. Most of these places charge right around $10 just for a dozen glazed donuts and Mary Lee is no exception. Including tax you're going to pay right at $1.00 for a regular glazed which seems a bit high to me. If you want a cinnamon twist you'll pay $1.89 plus tax! Regardless, I'll pay it because they are so dang good!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,2/25/2014,41,69,5,8,8>This very well may be the best little wine/cocktail bar in New Orleans! The service is very efficient and the prices are more than reasonable concerning both wine and liquor. The ambiance is intimate with Christmas lights adding a romantic touch for the night time crowd. They have a small patio for those who would like to enjoy the weather and the local scenery (if the weather happens to be enjoyable at the time). The usual way at Delachaise is to purchase a bottle of wine and split it among friends (or just yourself) at a nearby table. However, they do serve wine by the glass. If your any lover of cheese than you should look into their cheese plates. You can pick any number of cheese from their very impressive cheese menu and pair it with fruits, nuts, and French bread. It gets very cramped in this intimate place at night but if you show up around 8pm-9pm than you are sure to find a cozy spot... TO GUARD FOR THE REST OF THE NIGHT! The crowd varies a bit but is mostly made up of young professionals, mid-twenties to early-thirties, and a very select few young college kids who are damn lucky that they get to hang out among the rest of us :-)
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,2/24/2014,64,156,1,9,4>Daisy and I had a great experience here. Sure, it's not the shiniest and fanciest vet around, but you can tell that every person you come into contact with is an animal nut just like you. We got $10 off our initial visit by having our new client form ready. We got there about 8-10 minutes early and were taken into the exam room right on time.The people who I interacted with at the desk were sweet and informative and fawned over my lil pup. Once in the exam room, the vet tech took the time to make sure my shy dog was comfortable and warmed up to her. After some preliminary questions, the doctor arrived shortly. Again, she was calm and let my dog warm up to her before starting the exam process. She was great at answering all of my billion annoying questions, I think she could sense that I'm a helicopter dog mom, hah! Her answers were thorough and honest, and I never felt pressured into any decision or product. Although my dog was very nervous, they were very gentle and loving with her. Best of all, I felt the opposite of rushed. The doctor really took the time to hear my concerns and discuss with me my options.We had been previously been going to a big box, corporate vet and never again! The care that this practice shows is worth going across town for. I also found the prices to be very reasonable: after my $10 off, my annual exam (no shots) and an ointment that she needed came out to about $63. An annual round of shots (incl 3 year rabies shot) with an annual exam is $179. We also got a dental consultation and the vet was kind enough to remember to print out a price and information sheet for that. While getting a professional teeth cleaning is pricey (~$300+ for a small dog without xrays), the vet was honest in telling me about how often it would be needed as long as I took care of her teeth in the meantime.I'm happy to be a new client at Maple Small Animal Clinic.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,2/29/2012,64,156,3,9,8>If I were wealthy, I would hire this woman to be my personal massage therapist and have a massage a day! I came to her through Groupon and the promotion definitely worked, because I will be coming back for more as soon as my schedule and budget allows. She is a very calming and soothing person, who is very knowledgable about what my body needed. She was very open to all of my concerns and addressed them accordingly.The massage itself was more interactive and focused than a normal "spa massage", and I found myself liking her style a lot. She seems very intuitive in her work, using all sorts of methods in order to be the most effective.I feel so much more relaxed and balanced, and I'm sure that feeling will increase with more sessions.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,2/28/2012,23,494,4,10,8>I can't believe I haven't reviewed one of my fave Krewes for Mardi Gras.... DA BACCHUS!!!  I have several friends that ride in this parade and I have been fortunate enough to attend the ball several times.  Bacchus doesn't disappoint from Bacchagator, King Kong and Bacchasaurus to the grape footballs... all things Bacchus please me.  The floats are stunning, the themes are great, and they usually have the most amazing "King" choices of all the parades... Hello Will Ferrel!The history of Bacchus:The Krewe of Bacchus parade was founded in 1968 by a handful of New Orleans business leaders whose dream was to revitalize Carnival. However, the seeds of the Krewe of Bacchus were actually sown two decades before the present carnival organization was founded. The original Krewe of Bacchus was the brainchild of Owen Edward Brennan, Sr., a true visionary.  Brennan, owner of the Absinthe House, a famous bar on Bourbon Street, and later founder of Brennan's Restaurant on Royal Street, was also the father of the first Captain of The Krewe of Bacchus, Owen "Pip" Brennan, Jr.In the late 1940's, Brennan realized that a large segment of his clientele was seasonally unhappy-namely tourists to the Mardi Gras. At that time, Carnival balls at Mardi Gras were predominately closed to anyone outside of New Orleans' society circles.  So, In 1949, Brennan decided to spend an enormous amount of money, buck the entrenched New Orleans Society, and revolutionize the Mardi Gras. He did so by creating a brand new Krewe, called the Krewe of Bacchus, wide open to tourists.Brennan staged two Bacchus Carnival balls, one in 1949 and the other in 1950 before his death in 1955.  Regrettably, he did not live to see his idea develop into a new and lasting form.Fast forward to 1968. For years, Carnival in New Orleans had been losing its luster slowly but surely. There was a lot of talk around town about what should be done to give a spark to the celebration.Early in 1968, Owen "Pip" Brennan, Jr., son of the late Brennan, held a meeting at Brennan's Restaurant to address this problem. What emerged was a rebirth of the vision his father conceived almost 20 years earlier: The Krewe of Bacchus.The Krewe of Bacchus had left a lasting mark on the City of New Orleans and had proven to be the boost that the Carnival season so desperately needed.Now, with more than 1,350 members and 33 animated super-floats, the Krewe of Bacchus is revered as one of the most spectacular Krewes in Carnival history.Pip Brennan still serves as Captain of The Krewe of Bacchus; overseeing each detail with great pride and meticulous perfection.  He is now joined by his three sons, Owen Brennan, III, Clark Brennan, and Blake Brennan, all of whom serve on the Krewe's Board of Directors.  Owen, III also serves as the Krewe's Executive Director.  Like their grandfather and father, this third generation of the Brennan family shares the same love of Mardi Gras and New Orleans.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,2/27/2012,242,340,2,15,8>Opened about two weeks ago on our block where K-Joe's used to be. I hear this place is affiliated with Antoine's which is directly across the street.  The burger seemed pricey so I decided to try one of their crepes. I had the veggie one. I enjoyed how fresh the vegetables were and I'm glad that they offer a healthy option, but next time I'm going to try a dessert crepe. The strawberry one was pretty tasty. I was expecting more substance with the veggies like a veggie and goat cheese sandwich from 13, but maybe a light fresh option is what they are going for. I look forward to trying other items, and I can't beat the location.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,2/26/2012,21,83,,6,2>I feel bad about only giving 4 stars because I really do love Kyoto.  I think it is the best sushi in Nola and is definitely my favorite place to get sushi here.  The wait is usually worth it and doesn't take THAT long.  Everything I've had on the menu is yummy and the service is good.  The atmosphere here I really do like, way more than some nearby sushi rivals--sushi brothers, sake cafe, mikimoto, ninja, hana, etc.  The list of mediocre sushi goes on but I find kyoto to be the standout.  The fish here is very fresh and the thing I love is that it is ALWAYS served at the right temperature.  At sushi brothers and sake I find it that sometimes it is too cold and the texture and taste is really lost.  They have yummy seaweed salad and a very yummy bbq squid appetizer.  For rolls everything has always been quite good.  The sara roll is really yummy and is my favorite of the special rolls.The sashimi (i always get different stuff) has always been great,  Last time I got the sashimi roll wrapped in cucumber with no rice and it was very nice and fresh and a change of pace.   Eel here is always great and this isnt true for everywhere else in nola.  Also, I love where it is.  There's awesome stuff right around here and creole creamery is a great dessert right next door.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,2/25/2012,13,7,3,7,4>I admit that I am biased because I live in the Lakeview area, but I am a big fan of Koz's.  They have a large selection of Poboys including a mouth watering Fried Oyster Poboy.  They are not shy on comfort food, serving a mountain of chili cheese fries and chilled root beer to wash it down.My only suggestion would be to update their dining area and furniture to add to the ambiance, but their staff is as friendly as they come.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,2/24/2012,61,96,,6,3>Definitely the best pizza I have had in New Orleans. They are now open on Thursdays instead of just Sundays. Super nice young people running this shop. Order early or else you'll have to wait til 10:30pm on a Sunday night, No Bueno. You can also walk up and order by the slice, which is what I'll probably do next time, since the slices are ginormous. You must get the broccoli rolls too. Their salads are great too, so fresh and thoughtfully prepared without too much dressing.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,2/23/2012,21,124,3,4,1>Hard to decide which is better, Tower or Mark Twain's on Metairie Road. They both are five star pizza joints in my opinion.Yeah, you could get a cheaper pizza at one of the two big chains, but why would you want to do that?My favorite here is the all meat pizza. Great atmosphere has kept me coming back here over the years.If you like pizza, you'll love Tower!Be warned, they do get busy at times and you may have to stand while waiting for a table to become available.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,2/22/2012,120,138,,5,5>This review is for their deliveries only. I've been having their food delivered the last 4 years I've been working in the CBD. I've never actually been in their restaurant.They offer healthy lunch choices for a good price. It's not the "typical" New Orleans foods. It actually reminds me more of back in California. Some of their sandwiches have avocado and sprouts...yum!  My favorite things to order are: any of the sandwiches or melts, the turkey burger, turkey tacos, stuffed avocado salad and the veggie stir-fry.The one thing I do not care for there is their corn chips that they give you on the side with the sandwiches. I don't know what kind they are, but they always taste stale.**Get your order in early for lunch, as they can get very busy with deliveries.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,2/21/2012,120,24,,9,5>The boyfriend and I escaped the city this past weekend and headed down to Jean Lafitte Barataria Preserve. Every Sunday, this National Park offers free canoe tours through the bayou. You must call ahead, as spots fill up quickly. We made it to the boat launch in about 20 minutes from Uptown and we were happy to see that it was a small group. We joined six other couples and two guides on a 2 - 3 hour tour through the beautiful and relaxing bayou. These guides really know their stuff and had a great sense of humor. We saw many small alligators on the banks and in the water, gorgeous vegetation, and nothing but the sounds of nature. Please take advantage of all the activities that the National Parks offer. One of our guides told us that unless they get a big increase in participation, funds will be cut for programs and we will no longer have the opportunity to see such incredible wildlife up close.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,2/18/2012,348,319,5,5,7>I have incredibly fond memories of Cooter Brown's from college.  The bar's name itself incites a giggle.  Plus, it was one of the only mysterious bars in New Orleans that actually enforces a 21+ policy.  So, for my years as a Loyola underclassman, Cooter Browns was that mysterious bar at Riverbend that I couldn't get into.  In addition to carrying 400 different types of beer (including all the local Abita favorites....as well as my own personal Belgian favorites from study-abroad)  CB's has the perfect sportsbar setup for game watchin:  flat screen TVs covering the walls, ample central seating, and DELICIOUS food.  The oysters are always my go-to, delivered in droves daily.  My most recent discovery here is the Angola Philly sandwich.  Mother of mercy, this thing is divine!  Marinated shrimp and chicken with green peppers and pepperjack cheese on a French roll.  Boom.  As I crushed my philly sandwich (it took ALOT for me to stray from my usual shrimp poboy), demolished my oysters drenched in Crystal hot sauce, and clinked bottles of Abita Amber together with my best gal pals from Loyola currently dispersed around the country, I decided there was no other way I'd rather be spending that rainy Friday-Gras afternoon.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,1/12/2011,1085,123,37,10,10>Greetings class. I am Professor Pabstsmear and welcome to SATURN 101. Please check your class syllabus to confirm you're in the right bar, or the wrong bar, ironically. Today as our first lesson we will be discussing the age old question...What is the Meaning of Hipster?Is it knowing about something cool long before enough normies agree with it being cool so that it reaches the mainstreamed tipping point of being no longer cool until enough have forgotten about it for it to be cool again?Is it a deeply plunging V-neck decorated with a piece of jewelry dedicated to the Alkali metals of the Periodic Table of Elements?Is it the lifelong search for caring so little about anything, that the pinnacle of not caring can only be attained by caring so much to not care thus making life itself ironic?Is it a shirt that says: IT TAINT YOU. SCHLITZ ME?Is it a dive bar full of second-hand clothed twenty-somethings seizurely dancing to two fresh out of Xbox Rock Band School vegan scenesters white rapping to electro mp3s playing off a lone MacBook Pro accompanied by a raccoon-painted shirtless drummer with a xenon related chemical equation written in Sharpie on his chest while Sheila the dancer of Burning Mans past crawls barefoot across the floor in a catsuit and neon 80s punk wig, spasmodically rocking her superhero crotch to the snappy lyrics of fresh Tupperware rhymes energizing the most excited long past sober spectators into dropping their skinny jeans around their Chuck Taylors so they can bootypump their XS euro bikini-clad asses around the showered by freshly shaken fountains of Pabst Blue Ribbon dance floor?Yes. Holy hipster organic shit on a food stamp, YES. And if you missed this most astonishingly perfect answer to the age old question, I suggest you begin your own quest, as I did, hypnotically caught within the orbit of Saturn's gravitational cool.But again, fair warning about the Speedo moons and Pabst rain.Class dismissed, schwazzies.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,1/11/2011,61,96,3,7,6>This is a man shop but I love to buy soap here for myself.I love this shop even though its for for men. If I find out that someone I know is going to get their haircut I find an excuse to go with them so that I can smell the soap.  Entering Aidan Gill is like going through a time warp.  So classic.  The men wear bow ties, which is adorable and dandy and they are all so nice.  I also was told AG was voted best barber shop in the US by Playboy. Growl!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,1/10/2011,37,91,7,14,8>Got our marriage license here and made a day of it..crossed the Mississippi on the free Algiers ferry at the end of Canal St, walked over to the courthouse, waited maybe 10 minutes in the beautiful historic building, and got through the paperwork lickety split! So the security guard at the door seemed a bit jaded about marriage in general (or maybe we looked like we met last night at a bar, which we didn't, but oh well) , but it was fun. And finished up with lunch a block or so away at the always delightful Dry Dock Cafe. If you can do what you need to do for Orleans Parish at Algiers Courthouse, why in the WORLD would you go to City Hall in the CBD?? It blows my mind.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,1/9/2011,25,90,2,12,9>Went here on recommendation of a friend who read about this place in Imbibe magazine.  It was described to me as Cure if Cure served barbecue.  With further research I heard that they recently announced the installation of an erotic photo-hunt machine at the bar.  So now I'm thinking Cure plus Corporation.  I want to go... but will I ever leave?!It is as good as it sounds.  There's a pool table and a pretty good jukebox with room to grow (highlights: Weezer, Bob Dylan, Sinatra, Crunk Hits Vol 2).  They have a solid selection of liquors, nothing as exotic as Cure but nothing real cheap either.  Three taps for beer as well as bottles.They had four cocktails up on the chalkboard, all less than $8 and featuring some pretty complex flavors.  I liked the Juarez and had seconds of the namesake 12 Mile Limit, which blends vodka, rye, and pomegranate among others.They stop serving food at ten but the owner, who was chilling at the bar with the patrons, had no problem with us ordering something in for delivery.  This place is definitely good people!  I'm excited to come back here and watch this place grow into a classic neighborhood hangout.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,1/8/2011,17,57,5,8,4>In a world full of flowers that have been chemically reduced to nastiness and overrun by FTD, one can find Audubon Flowers.My boyfriend sends me flowers from here quite often, and every time I have been immensely impressed with the quality.The arrangements are not full of what we call fillers in the industry (baby's breath, nasty fern, tackily died carnations, etc), and they are always artfully done. Every florist is taught (if he or she is taught well) to design in odds. So three flowers, five, but never four. Audubon obeys this rule and plays it out delightfully.I've received tulips that lasted for nearly 2 weeks, an arrangement filled with delphinium, irises, etc.Audubon embraces that flowers can be artistic medium. I absolutely love them!
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,1/7/2011,43,352,2,8,4>Since I spurred him onto Yelp, or at least feel partially responsible, and since it's silly for one review that's not a review to sit on a new page, clearly i have a responsibility to bring a lil more grounding of actuality to this listing.  However, i am also tired a lazy, so i am going to cut and paste (most of) my review of Midcity Voodoux Tattoos, in which i previously fellated Cornbread:I've never seen anyone here treated as a cash john or a nuisance customer, and i honestly cannot repeat those words for any other shop around town.  Most artist are cocky pricks; maybe its something about the permanence and dedication of their subjects/customers, but whatever the reason that attitude has never reared its head for me here.okay now to Cornbread.  I'm going to be honest and tell yelpland that i love him.  He is the most relaxed and gentle needle driver i've ever met, and his patience really shows in his work.  Check out some pics over on facebook (i'll try to post some here soon) and see what wonders he's performed with bright colors and weak ideas.  I've had the pleasure of watching his artistry grow over the years, mature with the aid of his lovely wife and partner (also resident artist amazing in her own right) Jen, and his technique and personal aesthetic keep me prouder and prouder with every passing year of his unique vision and brilliant brilliant fleshpaint.His coverups are second to none, you can see plenty in his portfolio, and sometimes mind-numbingly impressive is his "copy" work, where he transfers an image (more or less) with a stencil.  Seems like something any ink-hack can pull off, but seeing the work of Cornbread or others like him versus a simple "tracer" is to feel the image alive, as it should be: dancing on the flesh, not simply laying there waiting to be looked at.  I'm gonna add patience and diligence to the adjectives on this page.  And the word "scrotum."And since the other review will probably be flagged for not really being one, i'll paste that too:Be sure to "Like" the Facebook page to stay up to date with any deals, specials, or events!...
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,1/6/2011,425,213,8,11,8>My love for Sucre continues to grow exponentially every single time I go in there. Lately it has been packed- but that doesn't stop the good customer service from floating across the gelato cases. I am a chocaholic and i get cravings for two different varieties: chocolate with espresso and chocolate with some kind of spice (think cayenne pepper). Last night I was wishing I had a bar of my favorite spicy chocolate and decided to take a walk with the boy over to Sucre. Sure enough, they have a wonderful flavor of gelato just Waiting for me there! How exciting is that that I can wish up my favorite flavor and they will have it. AND, there was not just one spice- there were many! It was a whole flavorful party on my tongue. Ohhh and you have to try their triple chocolate. It tastes like a cool, smooth, chocolate truffle. MMMI've been trying to decide how to pick between Sucre and its neighbor for some time now. But, Sucre just keeps on winning. Their banana gelato with chocolate and hazelnut is so good you will go back for more the same day- i'm sure of it! Their espresso-laden flavor (i'm forgetting all of their fancy names) is so creamy and dreamy I cannot believe this is real.But what really throws me over the top for Sucre is that they offer more than just gelato. They have beautiful special occasion cakes- wedding, baby shower, etc. There is an enormous chocolate section in the back. A whole case of special pastries. Tins of chocolate drinking milk. Teas. Cookies (their macaroons are becoming famous, huh?). Basically, everything you could want from a dessert place Sucre delivers. The only thing I have yet to try is their coffee- which is here is good quality. This is why I've had to come back and offer up Sucre 5 stars and a shining review. There is nothing wrong with this place- but even more so, there is everything right about it. PS, i've gained 10lbs since living in this neighborhood. :) hehe
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,1/4/2011,53,45,4,9,7>A five star restaurant provides a comfortable yet interesting environment perfectly designed to accommodate dinner conversation, wraps you in royal service, and interrupts your engaging conversation only with quiet moments of surprise at how the chef masters conventional techniques yet adds a special twist.  This is not Galatoire's.I'm not rating Galatoire's as a restaurant, because that's nonsense.  If you are looking for a typical fine dining restaurant, look elsewhere.  Galatoire's is not exactly a restaurant.  Yes, you're given a menu, they serve you food, and you pay.  Technically correct, but missing the point.  There's better food elsewhere in town.  Perhaps better service.  Instead, Galatiore's is a community experience.  It's an homage to time and grace, the fabric of life and one of its finest strands.  There is a proper way to experience Galatiore's:  You should dress well, pour a mimosa and get in line at 10:30 or so.  You can pay someone to stand there for you, but that's cheating.  Everyone is let in at 11ish, and you don't look at your watch again.  You have a lovely conversation with someone upstairs at the bar while you wait to be seated.  You are seated some time during that conversation.  At some point soon enough, your waiter makes a bad joke and some recommendations, and you tell him what you like and don't like, and he revises his original recommendations.  He then laughs at the bad joke you just told, and you feel clever, and you order.  You notice someone at another table that you haven't seen in awhile, so you go over to visit.  You return to your table and everyone is happy to see you again.  You order something more.  You strike up a conversation with the people at the next table whom you've only just met today at Galatoire's.Everyone is celebrating.  Why not?  You may simply observe, but don't fear engaging in conversation.  This dining room is infused with gracious acceptance.  Everyone is both host and guest.   Someone celebrates a birthday, and everyone sings (badly but joyfully) for her.Now you look at your watch, and it's 6:30, so you decide to stay for dinner.  Now, if you must cut things short and leave by 2 or 4, that's fine, most people do most of the time.  But if you expect to be in and out in only 2 hours, you have come to the wrong place.  It can be done, but why?Galatoire's celebrates deliberate leisure, social connection and haut laissez faire.  We spend our best moments seeking beauty and connectedness.  Forget cynicism, if only for a day; we all feel like heroes at Galatoire's.   Life can be epic if you choose to celebrate its delicate epic moments.  This is what devoted beholders see in Galatoire's.Or, more simply, they love Galatoire's because it is always a fun party, to which they are always invited.Don't make reservations.  Stand in line.  If you make reservations, they seat you in a special area upstairs, created for people who are merely expecting another typical fine dining restaurant.  Just go elsewhere if that's all you want, because you may be disappointed here.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2010,1/3/2011,242,340,3,13,5>RE-OPENED!So New Orleans finally got a dine/movie theater AND it's gourmet! We are moving up in the world.  A couple of local companies invited a bunch of ladies to a Sex in the City 2 cocktail/movie event in The Shops at Canal. The event was a hit, and the ladies cheered.At Morton's Steakhouse, we had a private room with martinis and appetizers featuring Sex in the City 1 on a projection screen. We ate mini burgers and mini crabcakes and drank big-girl sized drinks. Then, we hobbled over to the newly renovated movie theater in our best stiletto pumps. The renovation is a clean and modern upgrade that says, "Get out your checkbook and have a good time".This is my 3rd introduction to the dining/movie/cocktail concept. I've been to Alamo Drafthouse and Studio Movie Grill in Texas. This version is more upscale, more gourmet and more service oriented. Seats are assigned, cushy red leather ones that feature menus, a swiveled tablet , cup holders, and a call button for service. Use that button to order the Zebra Corn flavored Popcornopolis, delightful puffs of chocolate, caramel, and corn.I'd recommend this as a nice date spot where you don't have to wonder where the dirt on the seat came from. Although, I do prefer the more casual set up of Alamo Drafthouse and the beer selection there.I don't recommend this theater if you are trying to view your favorite long awaited vampire movie and would hate to be disturbed during the pivotal bite scene. Patrons can order items whenever they so choose, which means servers walk around a lot. There are a couple of kinks to be worked out since it just opened. We were asked four times if we ordered different items when we had not. But, otherwise the service was good.Check out the menu here and see if this place tickles your fancy.thetheatres.com/cafe/?pa…
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,12/30/2010,196,337,10,10,9>So, I took myself on a date. "We" had a great time!!!! I truly enjoyed the dining experience! I walked in to hello Ms. and sat at a table facing the city. The light, the life, the beauty made me happy sitting in that room. The waiter made suggestions and helped me out (being I had no clue what things on this special menu said). I made my order and then complimentary tasted of something with crab-meat in it from the Chef... In my head I said.... Shercole you are important and FINALLY someone else knows it. Then they brought out an assortment of breads, omg it was three different types. It took everything in my soul not to eat them all.  My appetizer then came out, I forgot the exact name but it was like a soft-shell crab with other greatness on it. Then my meal came out... What a meal it was... Poule Rouge... mmm talk about yumminess with truffles. I actually had to hold the need to do my happy food dance deep inside my soul.  Then.... the chef came out did you enjoy the food and telling me about he just designed this dish today... Once again in my head... Finally people understand my level of awesome. Note: I'm sure he originally came out for the fancy lady at a couple tables over, but HEY he still talked to me.I didn't order a dessert, but still brought out some chocolates for me. Caramel, deep rich chocolate and etc. Talk about mmmmmm. I was feeling a little extra so I ordered some tea. They brought out their fancy tea pot and cup with a jar of honey... I sat there and sipped my Chamomile tea in bliss, because this was possibly the best tea I ever had and I'm a hardcore tea drinker. I definitely had a absolutely great experience. It's not cheap but if you can treat yourself, you should make this happen. Great place to bring the sexy person inside you on a date.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,6/22/2013,9,73,,5,2>It's true. Yang's is the bomb: reasonable, fast, clean, friendly, cosy, plentiful, and tasty. Casually wonderful. What's not to like? In my opinion, their best Poboy is the classic: shrimp. You can't go wrong.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,6/21/2013,23,436,,6,4>The restaurant is set back from the street which can be a bit difficult to find without the address (2917 Magazine St) but once there you'll find a well done upscale space plus a lot of outdoor seating in the front courtyard of the large U-shaped retail building which also includes a GNC and Community Coffee right on Magazine.  Maybe we were there on a slow night but weekday business seems limited in La Fin Du Monde's first month of business so thankfully they've kept the menu small and you may occasionally find that they're out of something on the food or cocktails but that's not a bad thing.Cocktails are tasty though not necessarily cheap at around $10 each and you won't go too wrong with anything on the list - most have nice flavor without tasting overly strong which is good in most respects.  Salads looked great but we jumped right in to the small plates with pork rillette and pork belly & kimchi lettuce wraps.  The rillette was good and served with nice cornichons as well as whole grain mustard and some crunchy toasted baguette slices.  Lettuce wraps were excellent starting with beautiful leaves of butter lettuce with a couple pickled radishes inside and then topped with a 4-inch slice of nicely cooked & sauced pork belly plus other accompaniments such as a really good kimchi which didn't overpower the dish and very lightly pickled cucumber slices.The entree options are limited at the moment but they hit all the main areas other than chicken (and I'm totally fine with that) and we ended up going with shrimp & grits.  The grits were a little soupy for my liking but my wife thought they were just perfect and I do have to admit the texture was nice and obviously these were homemade grits done the right way.  There were 6 head-on shrimp but it was easy to remove the heads (sorry, just not my thing...) and the gravy with diced tasso added a ton of flavor.  I can't say I've ever had roasted red peppers in my shrimp & grits but that was also a nice touch.The staff was a bit bored while we were there due to limited customers on a Tuesday night but not overbearing in the least and they seemed to be enjoying themselves and testing new stuff in the kitchen & bar during their spare time (as opposed to most restaurants which are just depressing when not busy).  It's been a bit of an understated, word of mouth opening for La Fin Du Monde but their menu is set up nicely to keep everything fresh and with a great space and talented staff I'm confident this will be another winning restaurant on Magazine Street.  Definitely check it out!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,6/20/2013,100,133,2,12,6>I stopped in Kingfish on my way to meet some friends at SoBou. I had no idea it was opening, it seems as if it just appeared overnight. My first impression that it was trendy--a French Quarter lovechild of Maurepas and Booty's with a dash of the neighboring SoBou thrown in the mix. I actually ran into a friend that works at Maurepas later that night and he told me that Kingfish is a joint venture between the former sous chef and bartender from Maurepas, which is I guess why I felt a similar vibe.Kingfish is right on the corner of Conti and Chartres and has a dark, intimate feel. A large bar takes up most of the restaurant. The decor was cool--it would definitely be a good date spot. The suspender-clad bartender (I think that is the uniform, as I saw an older gentleman dressed the same) was very friendly. It was around 11:20 and the bar still hosted a handful of patrons--mostly service industry folks grabbing an afterwork cocktail. They said they were still working on their hours but that they wanted to be open late and wanted to be a draw for the FQ service industry.Their menu was very enticing, albeit a little on the steep side as far as prices go. I'd have a hard time paying $30 for ramen noodles with duck when Booty's Street Food does a similar dish at less than half of the cost. I'm sure given their location that they will do just fine business wise though.I look forward to trying to food and will update my review once I do.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,6/19/2013,42,78,4,10,6>That there are people who don't love this place boggles my mind (my mind is easily boggled though, 3 times a day usually).This is just my favorite place to eat in the city. Its the perfect experience...I was talking to a friend today, and we came up with the word "accessible", you are made to feel like you deserve to be having such a good time eating, and in the end, that's what its all about. White table cloth and yet not, just a place that's impossible to not pass a good time at.We went on a weekday (not a Friday) about 1:00, were greeted and seated easily, usual crowd, a few big local birthday parties, a few business folks, a few tourists, a table of semi-classless idiots pretending they were old money New Orleanians (that was us, but the glitter suit probably gave it away). The waiter was exactly like I like there, attentive, but very casual...like my sweet but hopelessly terrible horse betting grandfather. We asked for a plate of mixed appetizers, and when it came, all classic, all delicious, every food group, oyster, bacon, shrimp, crawfish and crab. Later we added those puffy potato skin puffs (they might have a more official name, I can't recall) and the the amazing fried eggplant and before we knew it 2 hours passed of us drinking and talking over the appetizers and we realized we hadn't even ordered entrees yet. That's a restaurant experience.We ordered more food; gumbos and turtle soups and salads and oysters rockefeller since at that point we weren't hungry enough for full meals (drinks started to fill me up) and the sweet potato cheesecake was divine (I never describe food as divine...that was fun, but Im never gonna do it again). 3 hours plus, and it was time to get my nails did so we had to leave without even coffee. We were eating somewhere the other day and I noted that you can always tell when the person eating near you is a local because they stay through 2 seatings, a meal is an escape and a respite, and this place delivers that perfect.Galatoires is another world in lots of ways, a time machine and a slice of our somewhat changing city at the same time. It appears from reviews here, lots of folks don't enjoy this other world  and I just can't understand that, its a world easy to enjoy. One side note: By 4 PM it was not very crowded at all, maybe 4-5 tables...we were seated first and when they sat other tables they sat them all right next to us, making the empty restaurant seem lively. Thats the kind of place it is....if you are not comfortable smiling at strangers near you when they sit down, it maybe is not the place for you...it's an intimate experience like it or not. And don't get reservations and sit upstairs. Really.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/18/2013,88,299,1,10,8>I noticed this place opened up a couple of months ago. I decided that Sunday would be a good day to go grab a bite to eat out here.I honestly had low expectations about this place. I didn't figure that a new addition on Freret Street would stand up against some of the other fine restaurants that they offer in this area. I was wrong in that assumption.When I went in I was greeted by some extremely friendly women behind the counter. The thought that kept running through my head was why are these women so happy? Not the fake kind of happy you see at most restaurants but the real happy that you rarely ever see. Hmm I may never know. But the customer service was fantastic, and they were very helpful.The food, well lets just say that I was blown away.I ordered the porchetta sandwich which came with chips. The sandwich was absolutely delicious! They also had a condiment called "sweet potato habanero sauce" I decided to use it as a dip for my potato chips. I definitely like the flavor of this new concoction a sweet but hot flavor that is unique in of itself. since I was pleased by the food so far the lady behind the counter talked me into getting dessert. My dessert was called "bread pudding beignet". It was bread pudding made up like a beignet meaning that it had powdered sugar covering it. It also had a creamy whiskey sauce at the bottom of the plate and a handful of blueberries sprinkled on top. It was the one of the best desserts I have ever had! It is an extremely rare sight to ever see me order dessert at a restaurant or enjoy it for that matter. But I am glad that I did, they seem to be the exception to the rule when it comes to dessert. Besides the sandwiches, and desserts they have salads,soups, appetizers, meat platters, and Cheese platters. So I guess food wise there is a little something for everyone.The one thing that I noticed when I came in was the crazy amount of wine in this place. I love wine, I really do. But it has some really weird negative effects on me so I don't drink it that often. They have some decent beer on tap like abita, Saint Arnold brewery, and a few others(mostly local). The one thing that caught my eye was the selection of whiskey behind the counter. I mean they had Kraken rum, I have been to a lot of bars in NOLA but this is the only one with Kraken rum. The next time I come back(probably next week) I will hit up the bar.I will admit that this place was a little pricey My meal and beer cost me $28 (before tip). But I honestly felt like it was money well spent.In short this place has great customer service, fantastic food, and a kick ass selection of booze!
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,6/17/2013,180,463,1,12,10>This was such a cool tour! Unfortunately, for many of you, you won't be able to get a tour unless you're part of a special group or something. They don't usually give public tours. The port is interesting in their workings as a public/private entity. They own the land, but lease the buildings out to the mall, shipping companies, even Mardi Gras world. The property that they own is very extensive and funded by these leases and some government grants and private/public partnerships. Did you know that if you combine the area of the Port of New Orleans, Baton Rouge, Southern Louisiana and St Bernard, it is the largest port in the country? New York, New Jersey etc, already combine their network of ports, so they don't have the caveat that we do. Did you know that if You combine Port of New Orleans and Port of Southern Louisiana, it has the most traffic? Did you know that Louisiana is the oldest port in the US? 1896! Did you know that they are #7 cruise ship port in the US? Did you know that they dredge the area in front of the port out to 100'? The rest is done by the Army Corp? Did you know that there are 6 rail lines running into the port? This port has a lot to offer, too bad it sits behind the massive storm surge walls, so you can't see any of it.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,6/16/2013,526,986,1,12,8>I think that it's probably impossible to put my experience here into words, but I'm going to try. After years of wanting to visit Le Crepe Nanou, I finally had the opportunity, and I may never be the same.I'll start at the beginning. I knew it was going to be a good evening when I was greeted at the door by a red cat sitting on a stool.  Seriously. I think he works there. He was greeting people.I walked in and was immediately taken by the atmosphere. The inside is small and dark, but cozy and nice. We were lead to a small table and given a menu. In the dim lighting it was difficult to read, but I was able to make out the basics and I knew exactly what I wanted.First and foremost, I knew that I wanted to try the cheese plate. They brought out a board of assorted French cheeses. I can't remember the exact names and I know that they switch them up a lot, so I will just say that they were delicious and just as you would expect in a nice French restaurant. They came with a side of some fruits, which I feel really brought out their flavor and added a nice touch.For my entrée, I decided on the filet mignon. It came medium rare and cooked to perfection. I asked for it topped with a béarnaise  sauce and it was decadent and rich and delicious. The meal also came with a side of grilled vegetables and pommes frites.Throughout the meal, I enjoyed delicious red wine, which complemented my entrée wonderfully and delicious fresh French bread and butter added a nice touch to the entire meal.I will absolutely go back to La Crepe, hopefully sooner rather than later. The entire meal was an experience that I won't soon forget.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,6/15/2013,115,336,2,7,5>Flow: Flow is the mental state of operation in which a person performing an activity is fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, full involvement, and enjoyment in the process of the activity.This place has it. Jacques-Imo's is what you imagine New Orleans to be and want you want it to be.You are lead through a bustling kitchen to get to your table. The layout is odd and chaotic. The decor is wacky. You weave around buzzing servers to get to the restroom.The food - wow from beginning to end. It's not that they don't mess up, it just seems that everything about the place is so inspired that it's not possible to mess up.Alligator cheesecake - how can something that sounds so bad be soooo good. Blackened red-fish ... fish isn't something I would normally want to describe as "melting in my mouth" but it did and I liked it.  Mashed sweet potatoes could have been served as dessert.  A simple sesame seed dressing on some spinach leaves that you want to devour like some sort of fattening decadent dessert? It exists. Fried oyster on the side that isn't over-fried? why not.And the drinks... hurricanes less sweet and yummier than Pat O'Brien's. Watermelon mojito not too shabby.Everything was served by two waitresses who were genuinely happy and friendly. You could tell they enjoyed working at such a great establishment! How often does that happen?This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. :)
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,6/14/2013,272,184,2,7,5>I can't wait to move closer to this studio! This is my favorite place to practice yoga, initially because it was more convenient than driving all the way Uptown, but now because of the quality of the instructors and classes. I tend to go to Saturday classes because of my work schedule and the good 25 minutes it was taking me to drive here from the East. Jackie's 10:45 AM class is called Slaughter Yoga for a reason; it is an INTENSE workout. Very fast-paced, with an excellently motivating dharma talk, and a great hip-hop playlist. Lately I've been preferring Kelly's 9:30AM Saturday Beginner's Yoga, which may be for beginners, but is not in the least easy. I've also taken an afternoon restorative yoga several times, which was so great for my back. I'm not at all a spiritual person, yet I appreciate their take on the yoga philosophy. Every class introduces a little topic to ponder during the class for the week, and I find that it does guide the practice and the class. If you buy a package, the classes aren't terribly expensive. They offer Groupons or Living Socials from time-to-time, which I'm always eagerly snatching up! Look out in a few months for the vegetarian/vegan restaurant they're opening in part of the downstairs space.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/29/2013,6/13/2013,894,496,6,16,13>Cute little convenience store. The employees at the counter are teenagers (probably the owner's kids). They are sweet and friendly. There is a kitchen next to the counter that serves burgers, pizzas, wings, breakfast, etc. The food here is really good for a convenience store. I recommend the pizza. It is thin-crust pizza and quite delicious! Their burgers are awesome, too, as they are seasoned so well.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2013,9/24/2013,41,249,,5,4>"Wash and wear" would describe me much more accurately than "dry clean only." However, even a wash and wear girl does have a few items that require the services of a cleaner. I also have a better half that, on occasion, will wear a button down that needs to be laundered and ironed. Plus, there's whole linen/seersucker season and I do NOT iron. So, when the situation arises that require the services of a cleaner, Liberto's is where I go... and, honestly, it is simply because of convenience. I drive by it at least a dozen times a week plus it is easy to park and get in/get out quickly.The employees are nice. My items are consistently ready when promised. Stains (when pointed out in advance) are always gone. I have no complaints in the service department.All that said, I do wish they had longer hours. Closing at 5:30 is a little early for those of use who need to run errands like this after work.Then there are the prices. Gah, sticker shock! $9 to clean/press a seersucker shirt? (Because they say it *must* be dry cleaned.) If I actually took more than a couple of items per visit, the prices would probably drive me to find somewhere else to go. But, since I don't, convenience wins out and I will stick with Liberto's.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,9/23/2013,68,132,3,9,5>Cafe du Monde is a must-stop. It is debatable whether they really have the best beignets in town; but really, it's just one of those things that you have to do once. Or twice. Or every day that you're here. (No debate who I think has the bets beignets.) My recommendation would be to get an order of 3 beignets for each person because you're probably going to want to eat all of them, but use your discretion. They're not huge--I mean, they're big, and covered in powdered sugar, but they're not as big as some others I've seen. So do it! Come on, you're in New Orleans! Get a cup of cafe au lait (coffee with milk) to go with it and life will be peaches and flowers and butterflies. If it's hot out, get iced coffee, it's good as well.The line can be brutal--very little shade and very long--but come a little off peak hours and you can usually just walk right in (i.e. 3 or 4 in the afternoon instead of breakfast/lunch  time). It's also open 24 hours so stop by at 3am if you feel like it! Also sometimes you grab a table and it seems like forever before someone comes by to take your order; servers usually cover a little strip of tables on one side of the pillars. If they're taking a while to come out, they're probably waiting in line to fill another person's order. Just sit back and enjoy the view for a while.Most useful part of this place is the bathroom! As far as bathrooms go, it's kind of gross, BUT it's easy to use if you're wandering around looking for a bathroom. They don't hassle you if you wander in to use it from the street.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,9/22/2013,23,436,,5,3>The cocktails are still as good as ever and the food on an initial visit to Tivoli and Lee was very good.  I can't remember everything we tried but the brussels sprout salad was absolutely amazing and lamb meatballs on top of a flatbread with mint, feta, etc. was a really nice dish.  I know we also had one more appetizer that was good and a main course of shrimp pasta with cheese curds, bacon, spinach (?), etc. was fine but nothing special - I was hoping the pasta was homemade which didn't appear to be the case and the flavors for me just didn't meld very well together but overall dinner was very enjoyable and I would put the restaurant at 4 to 4.5 stars based on 2 visits so far.The cocktails are outstanding, the wine list is small but sufficient, and the food appears very good - similar in quality or maybe a notch above Tamarind.  Plus they've got a good happy hour including food specials.  The location on Lee Circle in the Hotel Modern will always be a difficult one for restaurants, but I hope Tivoli & Lee makes it because it's a nice place and I will definitely be back.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,9/21/2013,56,189,3,10,6>Mat & Naddie's is a quaint restaurant, in a converted house on a corner in the Riverbend. Years ago when I first moved to New Orleans, I went to Mat & Naddie's for dinner with my parents and since then, they have continued to periodically ask if I've returned because they enjoyed their meal so much. Well, nearly 7 years later, I finally returned to Mat & Naddie's and was just as impressed as we were the first time. Mat & Naddie's is the perfect place for a date, for a birthday or graduation celebration, or for dinner with your parents when they come to visit. My boyfriend and I went there for my birthday this year. We started with an order of sicilian olives, artichoke hearts, and mozzarella as an appetizer. It was tasty and simple. Nothing to be overly impressed with, but good to nibble on while we waited for our entrees. I wish we would have ordered a salad. The salads going to tables around us looked absolutely delicious (as did the desserts!). We both had the grilled dry-aged beefsteak (that night it was a filet) for dinner. At first I thought we were boring and annoying for ordering the same thing, but it was absolutely delicious, so we clearly made the best decision. The steak was so tender and cooked to perfection that we probably could have cut it with a butter knife or chewed it without teeth (although let's hope it never comes to that). The steak was served over rosemary potato wedges that were a satisfying compliment to the steak. The entire entree (steak, potato wedges, and greens) were drizzled in a delicious bacon beurre rouge.There is a lovely outdoor seating area/patio with a view of the fly. We ate inside but still managed to catch a glimpse of a few horses trotting by while we ate. Of the places that we've had steak in New Orleans, we agreed that we would consider the filet at Mat & Naddie's to be in the top three best.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,9/20/2013,180,463,4,9,7>As the current Duchess of Mojo, I can speak with full authority that this place is awesome! Lots of seating, and plugs for you to work. I love their pastries, coffee and teas. Sandwich bar will be added as soon as the manufacturer makes it. And in awful summer heat and humidity, this place is a welcome respite. And they take credit cards!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,9/19/2013,114,467,9,12,8>I hate cravings. I mean, I really HATE cravings for things that I can't find good versions of.Take sushi, for instance...I've had such a hard time finding a sushi place in Metro New Orleans that didn't try to give me food poisoning.But yesterday, we both had strong sushi cravings. In desperation, we went to Cafe Zen because it was close and seemed to be ok by Yelp standardsFirst thoughts as we walked in was that it was small and crowded. Second thought, it smelled great in there.We sat at the sushi bar and the waitress took our drink order. After much deliberation we settled on 5 rolls.The first three were regular rolls and were larger than any I have seen in the area. Plenty to share.These were:California roll: Not like I'm used to seeing in a Cali roll. Very good though. Crunchy roll: Crunchy and almost smokey. Like bread cooked in a wood oven and made into crumbs. Very nice. The Girly's favorite.Spicy Tuna roll: I actually had to stop and savor this one. One of the most perfectly balanced bites of food I've had in a long time. Perfect spice, beautifully fresh and tasty tuna. Great hot mayo. Wonderfully briny roe and everything was harmonious. Those three came out on one hubcap sized plate and took up most of it.I realized then that there was no more room in this fat man for more sushi.But we still had 2 specialty rolls coming.Fried Oyster roll: GIANT (like...the size of a tin can) roll stuffed with perfectly fried oysters and fillings and sitting in a sweet and savory miso dressing.Soft Shell Crab roll. Just as large. These two rolls, by themselves, filled up the second plate. Once again, perfectly fried an stuffed.I forced myself (yeah, right) to try a piece of each. Both were wonderful.Next time, I will know not to order more than 3 rolls to split.  We ended up having 3-4 pieces of the crunchy roll and most of the giant rolls left. They filled the to-go container perfectly for the Girly's lunch today.Side note: Everyone on the staff were tremendously friendly and even joked around with us about how we ordered too much.It did end up costing $43 bucks with tip. But that was for more food than we could eat, plus drinks and a little noodle salad at the beginning. Even my cheepo-butt can't fault that value.I can not wait for my next sushi craving to kick in. Hrm...It might be kicking in now.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,9/18/2013,22,200,2,4,2>super professional + clean clean clean = great place to permanently mark your body :-)Came in here the other day to get tattoos with some friends of mine.  It was super easy and well priced and we all left really happy with our new tattoos.  I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking!
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,9/17/2013,36,300,10,9,4>The girlfriend and I tried this place out this past Saturday (7/6/13) for a late birthday dinner for me.  That means she paid so I was even happier than usual to try a new place ;)First off it's a John Besh place so you know right away that you will be getting locally grown, raised, or caught food of the freshest variety.  We had a 6:30 reservation and were seated immediately.  We were seated in the back by the kitchen which was completely open to see into.  Kind of nice scene.  We started off with drinks.  Her a glass of malbec and me with one of their own craft brews; a Luke-Alt.  Luke-Alt is an amber style beer crafted by Heiner Brau out of Covington.  They also have a blonde lager called the Luke-Fru.  Both are good but the Alt was fantastic.  We drank a round while munching on their fresh cut fries.  PERFECTION!!!  Crisp, greaseless and hot.  After this we order our entrees.  She had the shrimp and grits which from what I tasted were slightly spicy and really flavorfull.  I had a fried chicken special. It was a sweet and spicy chicken fried in tabasco and apricot flavors.  This was sitting on top of an okra and tomato etouffee.  So good!!!  The portions were somewhat small for the price but perfect in the fact that I didn't want leftovers and I was full after.  The only drawback is that the legs of their chairs come down to a very small base.  If you lean back in them at all you are probably goign to fall.  I'm probably not suppose to talk about how my girlfriend fell over.  I'm definitely not suppose to talk about how I laughed so hard that I couldn't help her up.  She was fine other than slightly embarrassed.  Of course the embarrassment went away once a guy 3 tables over did the exact same thing. I think it was ok to laugh then.So John invest in some new chairs my man.  Either that or release the blooper video of all the people falling who shouldn't lean over in their chairs.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,9/16/2013,115,336,4,7,7>We are fat! Oatmeal raisin cookie ice cream in a waffle cone and chocolate chip cookie/cookie dough/chocolate chips in a waffle cone. The first flavor I mentioned tasted exactly as it was labelled - like your granny's oatmeal raisin cookies! There were big raisins in there and the whole shabang. The choco cookie/cookie dough flavor was just so-so in my opinion, nothing to crow about. The cream itself is soft on your palate but still has texture to it. Ice cream shop is pretty basic inside. Whoever acted as interior designer and sponge-painted the table tops red shouldn't quit their day job. Lots of kiddie doodling and school projects on the wall. Always good to see kids are doing things other than playing video games, texting, or being delinquents. $7 for both cones. Come and get it and bring your cash money! There are some interesting flavors we want to come back and try. I like that their ice cream isn't neon-dyed weirdness.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,9/15/2013,1319,184,4,9,7>I'm new to NOLA and a friend of mine who used to live here recommended I check out Monkey Hill when I told him where I was living (just a few blocks away). So on my first Saturday night in town and without anything else to do, I decided to pop in on my own and see it for myself.Now, I don't usually go to bars by myself, but I figured what the heck. I plopped down at the bar, ordered a beer (note: bottles only, no taps), and took in the scene. What I saw: lots of good-looking people, a reasonably diverse crowd, a very nice shuffleboard table (!!!!), pool table in the back (!!), some comfy-looking leather sofas, and an intriguing menu.I chatted with a couple of other patrons and the bartender and everybody was very nice. Some random guy even bought me a beer, even after I told him accepting said beer was not a guarantee that I would go home with him. :) It was a little bit loud in there so it might not be an ideal spot for a first date -- at least not on a Saturday night. My overall feeling on this bar was that it was not a typical New Orleans bar. In fact, it felt more like a New York bar. This is not necessarily a bad thing or a good thing. Just something I sensed. I'd head back to Monkey Hill again. I want to try some of the food, see if it's a bit more low-key on a weeknight, and that shuffleboard table is calling my name!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,4/23/2013,122,52,6,6,4>Ok, I came back because I dream of their quiche that I wrote about the last time I came here. My friend was visiting from Phoenix (the home-town) and I said she needed to have some fantastic simple french cuisine with a New Orleans' spin on it. She didn't argue-- smart girl. The quiche of the day this time was bacon, arugula and AMAZING. It did have a third ingredient, I don't know what it was--but it was amazing. THEN, I heeded the other Yelp reviews of the pork rillette. I have to have a talk with y'all. Listen, I'm not a band-wagoner, traditionally, because I don't even really like pork. The pork rillette changed my life. It made me look at pork in a whole new way and I want to go to the streets telling people I'm a changed woman. It's fantastic. Get it. Get it all. Oh! And they changed their coffee to french press, which-- although it's not free refills, it's damn strong and tasty. Oh Tartine. Merci beaucoup.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,4/22/2013,107,129,6,8,6>This year I made it out to CitO twice. Once with my son and mother and another with my favorite vegan. The first visit was on a Friday before the banning. While there were a bunch of teens and tweens none of them seemed to misbehave but then again it wasn't too crowded. My son really seemed to enjoy himself especially when we took a ride on the train, which everyone should do btw. Kiddo had way too much fun running around the Alice in Wonderland, daddy had difficulty navigating the inside stairs to keep up with him.This past Wednesday with MFV wasn't too busy either and the chillier weather meant it felt more Christmas-y. My only complaint this visit was the train broke down which disappointed MFV.As always the Cajun Night Before Christmas never gets old and I'm really enjoying making a new tradition to visit each year.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/21/2013,341,178,5,10,7>No question this is the best pizza in NOLA. If you doubt me, have fun proving me wrong. Only those who are deep dish afficionados will disagree. I went there recently with 2 dining companions, and we barely were able to split a $16 pepperoni. The thing looked like a wagon wheel, and it was covered wall to wall in pepperoni, not just a few token guys. Working down next was a perfect thickness of flavorful cheese (no white rubber here), then the best pizza sauce in the city, tangy but not too with a little kick for fun. All of this perfection was sitting atop a thin crust that has no rival that I have found. I will say we asked the guys to cook ours a bit longer based on what we were seeing at other tables and it was a good decision. I was able to try a garlic knot which was quite tasty and will be loved by all those dough lovers out there. And I saw a few margherita pizzas destined for other bellies, and they looked classically NY - buffalo mozz, fresh basil etc. And the special salad looked intriguing too though did not witness anyone going there. I will go back soon and try some other varieties.And PS awesome wine prices!!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/4/2013,4/20/2013,162,269,9,19,7>Recall: I love taking the train. I am an Amtrak junkie who logs 5,000+ rail  miles every year. I'm all about the choo-choo adventure. This review has nothing to do with taking the train and everything to do with the weird, exciting old building that is the train station. The New Orleans train station is an old building that was built in a by-gone era of humanist architecture. It's been maintained, although there is some sort of building project going on inside right now that's resulted in shifting counters and temporary baggage areas. Everything is changing! Assume nothing! Like most cities, Amtrak and Greyhound share a building which means the clientele in Union Station is varying degrees of desperate. For every savvy traveler with a snappy pullman, there is another just-been-dumped dude with his stuff in a black garbage bag getting the bus to Texas. (And now I've got the song "All my exes live in Texas" stuck in my head. Ugh.) There are also a number of area workers who stop by for lunch at Subway. There is just no telling what sort of people-watching is available on any given day. The food options are so limited that I can't even consider eating at the terminal. Unless you are a true Subway junkie, bring something with you. I usually do. (My favorite to-go option is either the Rouses on Baronne or Trolley Stop on St. Charles.) When the station was built, I'm sure it was more accessible from the city. I'm sure getting to and from was easier. These days, the station is in a weird place in relationship to the city. Sure, you can take the St. Charles Streetcar and walk a few blocks up to get to the station...but doing that with luggage is a beast. (I do not recommend it unless your luggage is ultra portable.) There are a few NORTA bus lines that serve the station and a new trolley line, but I don't know anything about those because they don't help me get home. On the other hand, a taxi ride from the station to most of New Orleans proper is a flat fee of $10 + $1 per extra person. There are two character notes I want to add about the station:One: the mural around the ceiling is one of the weirdest murals I've ever seen. No one has normal knees. (Seriously. Stare at it for a while. No normal knees.) There is a lot of charm and even some artistic merit there with a touch of American Cubism, but I will forever have dreams of the weird knees. Shudder. Two: There is a freelance taxi-stand attendant out front. He is certainly not paid by the folks at Union Station, nor is he employed by any cab company. Nope, this guy shows up when trains arrive (which is only a few times a day) and hustles folks into cabs for tips. The cabbies HATE him because he infringes on their tips, and the station seems to ignore him. But really, what other city has a freelance taxi-stand attendant with such dedication? Accessibility notes: Automatic doors. High counters. No Braille signage. Pre-boarding and assistance are difficult to obtain.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,4/19/2013,148,326,9,9,12>Review number two hundo goes to Brothers III. The great King John introduced me to this great dive bar the night after the Saints and Sinners Elite Event and I am happy to say that I have been back several times since. This is a great dive bar to hangout in at any time of night, but I find it the best in the early hours of the morning, that time where you know you should be headed for home, but you are just not willing to quit a great night quite yet. There are no frills to this bar. A friend of mine put it rather well when she called it a "reality bar". Sometimes you don't want everything to be sunshine and roses; sometimes you need a dose of smoky, divey, reality. Low ceilings, cheap drinks (cash only), country music, dusty, realness served up all night and into the morning. Thank God for Brothers III.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,4/18/2013,113,44,7,15,9>I am indeed a fan of Booty's.  It all started at the Mirliton Fest when Booty's was serving their frozen cocktail - the Bywater Bomber.  This is a good cocktail.  Interesting pineapple-y flavor, but tart, not too sweet.  I was impressed.  And yay!, they were giving out coupons for freebies.Armed with my coupons, I met a friend at Booty's for drinks one night.  I started with the bomber coupon and moved on to a drink called the Never Land.  OMG.  So delicious.  Vodka and lemon and something rosy - just aces.  The bartender talked to my friend about the various bitters and how they make their own in-house.  They definitely seem to know their craft cocktail stuff.Another morning, my mom & I came back with HER coupons from the Mirliton Fest and had pre-Saints-game bombers.  A nice way to start things off, at least.  They were playing the Beatles, and I liked that my mother and I both enjoyed the music and how they treated us so well, even though we just came in for free drinks.  On my last visit, I finally got around to trying the food.  A friend and I split the bulgogi , the dumplings, and the banh mi.  The first two plates were small portions, but the bulgogi was very big on flavor.  The banh mi was both large and delicious, if it had just a bit too much cucumber on it.  I tried the Never Land again and found it a bit too sweet this time, but still largely the same drink.  Just not quite as perfect, so I moved on to a wine, which was fine.   The background music was something I'd never heard before, but I very much enjoyed whatever it was.And please, let me tell you about Bywaterloo.  It's like a dream come true for my bathroom reviewing!!  They have different artists decorate the bathrooms and create a drink special based on the bathroom art.  So, not only are the bathrooms clean, but they are a veritable spectacle to behold!  So much so that I went back to the table to get my phone to take pictures of the second one, I liked it so much!  *And Now A Word of Caution*  You may enjoy the drinks here so much that you'll be tempted to order one to go.  You can't.  Somehow Booty's license is a slap in the face to our birthright as New Orleanians, and the folks at Booty's know it and respect our pain.  The work around?  Order a drink, come prepared with your own go-cup, dump your drink into your cup, leave.  There - the bartender didn't serve it to you to go, and everyone's asses are covered except the jackasses who invented such a crappy liquor license variety.  Boo to them, but yay! to Booty's.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/17/2013,46,106,5,9,7>very fun hangout and great neighborhood. Excellent bar, prices are reasonable and will vary depending on how the bartender likes you (lol).  Great pitchers of beer in kitchen quart containers, but the most interesting thing about this place is the ornate craftsmanship put into the bar (kind of like Mimi's downstairs bar). Skip all that Jon Taffer corporate bean-counting nonsense, a bar that creates a following and makes everyone feel comfortable is a success.you can tell you're at a great place when the jukebox is run off a bartender's iphone.  **enjoy the magazine articles posted in the restroom
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,4/16/2013,43,77,1,6,5>Went back by Toup's to try lunch and I was really impressed by the prices and service. We ordered the Cuban sandwich (ham, pulled pork, caramelized onions, gruyere), the mixed green salad with tempura gouda (we weren't really watching calories at lunch today...), the fried poblano peppers, and the pickle plate. Shared everything again, which was awesome. Total it cost us around $30. Still too cold to sit outside but I saw a bowl of water out there so it looks like if we find another warm day in November we will be back again outside with the pooch.  Our server was adorable and I'm getting attached to the man who greets tables - I'm not sure if he is the maitre d or a bartender but he adds to the neighborhood feel of the restaurant. The tempura gouda just won my heart. Toups, I love you man.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,4/15/2013,224,517,5,8,5>If you are ever dining anywhere around the famed Roosevelt Hotel, making a stop at the Sazerac Bar is a must. Its one of the best real old school bars in the city serving some of the most famous drinks of today and days gone by. Great place to sit with friends and have drinks or to stop in and people watch. One of the venerable parts of this amazingly historical hotel.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,4/14/2013,100,147,3,8,3>Just got back from lunch at The Store, and not really sure why people are complaining about too-small portions. OK, I guess I am - as New Orleanians, we're used to being given huge portions of OK food, rather than normal-sized portions of great food. Not saying that The Store is always great, since obviously some folks on here have had worse visits than mine, but today the place was spot on. My food, and that of my three coworkers, was fresh, crisp, delicious, and priced very fairly. My only complaint about the menu was that despite the great variety of offerings, there was only a small handful of not-that-exciting-sounding options for vegetarians, and I didn't see anything for vegans. I had bites of the Cobb salad (which was HUGE), ate an entire shrimp and slaw po boy (perfect texture, temperature, flavor, and just the right size to get me just to the edge of uncomfortably full), and some sweet potato fries (I don't even like sweet potato fries, yet I'm still enjoying the memory of those sweet/savory/crispy/soft morsels...amazing). On top of hitting us up with great food, the staff at The Store were friendly and gave us great service. We came in late in the day, and they graciously allowed us to linger after closing time without trying to rush us out or make it too obvious that it was time for us to go. They made our late lunch very pleasant - something we all really needed after a tough (and looooong) morning at the office. Thanks guys!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,5/4/2014,234,1331,1,12,5>NOLA-Q is a BBQ pop up that serves 6pm til around 9pm on Friday at Coulis Restaurant and Saturday at Pal's Lounge.  They offer moist and lean brisket, pulled pork, pork ribs, chicken and sausage.  They have some pretty decent sides which are a bit better than some other BBQ joints in the area.  The service at Coulis seems more restaurant style while the Pal's is more bar grub style.  The brisket is certainly among the best I've had in the New Orleans area but doesn't quite reach up to the level of the Joint but its the closest of any I've had.  They offer three BBQ sauces: mustard, St. Louis sweet and spicy chipotle.  I find I like to combine the mustard and chiptotle for my brisket eating pleasure.  Definitely some good BBQ and worthy of checking out!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,5/3/2014,148,326,4,12,9>I have lived in this city for almost 4 years and my first trip to Parasol's was last weekend on a bar crawl. This is a tragic statement. Why hadn't I turned the corner on Magazine and come down here sooner? I have been to Tracey's and underwhelmed too many times to count and I never gave this place a shot? Dude, Parasol's is so much more my speed. Situated in a house on a corner a block or two off Magazine, Parasol's has that dive bar charm paired with some delicious roast beef debris that will have me coming back for more real soon.  The kitchen and some tables are in a room separate from the dark, smoky, somewhat depressing (but oh so lovable) bar area. The kitchen staff was super friendly and those cheese fries with roast beef debris...holy droolfest Batman. This place is by no means for everyone, but a dive bar that serves this kind of tasty food is a little slice of heaven for me. Grab a beer, some debris fries (or poboy) and eat away from the smoke on a picnic table outside.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,5/2/2014,16,70,2,7,4>Just finished an absolutely fabulous breakfast here today. I really like this place, I just wish they had opened when I still lived in the neighborhood. The staff was so sweet and the food was very yummy! They started us off with these tiny little complementary biscuits with honey pecan butter and coffee. The waitress even noticed that I was pregnant and asked if I wanted decaf coffee instead of regular. How thoughtful! Then my breakfast buddy and I split the stuffed French Toast (filled with bananas and pancetta) and the brie and blueberry waffles. The breakfasts are served with your choice of house breakfast potatoes, creamy grits or fresh fruit. We both opted for the potatoes which were sauteed with onions and bell peppers with jerk seasoning. So good! I'm sure I would have been happy with those potatoes, eggs and a big version of their mini biscuits. The only downside I see is that the street is currently under repair and it is a little bumpy getting there, but the food is well worth the "off-road" style driving for a couple of blocks. Go and enjoy!
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,5/1/2014,40,90,,6,4>This and Cafe Nino have won me over in terms of best pizza in NOLA. I recommend going after 10pm-pizzas are half off. Amazing deep dish, thick-as-pie pizzas. I recommend anything with their homemade meatballs on top, my favorite being the kingpin. It may be a little hard to find something if you are vegetarian as most of their pizzas have meat on them but they have some options and you can always make your own. I've never been to their buffet and am usually not a buffet person but they have one during lunch time on weekdays -amazing price of $8.95 for all you can eat pizza. Nice opportunity to sample everything they have
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,4/30/2014,91,251,4,9,6>Could this place be any freakin' cooler?!? It's like a case study of how not to set up a restaurant, that somehow works to perfection, in spite of itself. What's not to love about a great selection of wives & beers, by the bottle or glass, at fair prices, and unbelievably amazing food in the funkiest setting imaginable? Can't wait to go back again, and again, and again. It's one of those places that I can't wait to share with newcomers & out-of-town visitors. Only in NOLA!
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,4/29/2014,87,52,1,8,6>I had the pleasure of working with cottage for the zulu ball. Johnita was on it and super professional. She really prioritized my catering needs and allowed me to customize my order to fit my guests needs. The bbq chicken was tender and seasoned well, crawfish pasta was amazing, gumbo was a crowd pleaser(my family is a tough crowd) the crawfish strudel was delicious as usual and deviled eggs were good.  They package everything neatly and give customers more than enough serving utensils. Orders are ready on time and the food was more than enough for 10 ppl. I will definitely call on them for my work events and also for zulu ball next yr.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,4/28/2014,48,158,2,11,10>I LOVE these dang donuts. I have introduced multiple people to these guys.My favorite are the wedding cake and the bacon maple donut logs. I eat like two. I cannot wait untll they open their location uptown on Tchoupitoulas. But they may be competing with district donuts (new kid in town) although they are a lot more expensive.really cannot wait until their Tchoup location is opening. Just a few more weeks....
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,4/27/2014,883,544,4,13,8>As far as Vietnamese food goes, this place is definitely good.  They had my favorite, the beef stew, I substituted noodle for the bread, and when it came out, I was happy.  $10 including tax and tip.  Clean, spacious, friendly folks, on the way home.  What more could you ask for?
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/26/2014,136,445,22,25,18>How in the world do I review the best restaurant experience I've ever had? A love letter, I think. Because nothing else will do.Oh, Coquette. I saw you from afar so many times. I lusted over your amazing architecture. I wanted to touch you, feel you and experience you. One fateful day I got the chance. I was not disappointed.With you, I've had the very best and most personal customer service I've ever had. Your owner is kind, has a great sense of humor and so engaging.You are so beautiful. I'm a little jealous of the stunning bar and lovely tables in here. Beautiful isn't strong enough to describe you, really. Out of this world gorgeous is getting kind of close. The menu changes daily according to what you can get fresh and I love that about you. I had a lovely pickled watermelon and shrimp appetizer which I'm sure sounds strange but was so damn awesome.  For my main course it was the red snapper and it was just delicious.Coquette, you have my undying love. I'll be back to see you soon and often.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,4/25/2014,181,479,5,13,8>Whether you are coming to see a Great Local Live band (check their calendar, there is always something good coming up, always!), or want to engage in some Cajun dancing (Thursdays are zydeco night), or have been invited to a private party (lots of birthday and weddings are celebrated here!) or you just want to throw balls with your friends, you are going to have a fun time at the Rock N' Bowl.This unique venue is part bowling alley, part music /dance hall, part bar with some food options. They have something for everyone! There is a smoking porch outside, so this is another great non-smoking live-music venue.While I loved the 'old' location and have many fond memories from the years and years of visiting there, the 'new' location has somehow taken the general vibe and basic layout of the 'old' spot and made it even better! (Hello-electronic scoring devices and ladies bathrooms NOT behind the dance floor!)Rock'N'Bowl is here to stay!!
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,6/30/2011,61,97,3,7,6>This is a damn good poboy.  Seriously.  If I could add a half star I would.  Why don't I go the full five?  Well... really just because they don't have a full bar.I had passed this place a few times when it opened and wondered about the place.  The reviews I saw on yelp made the determination to try this place for me.  I'm really happy I did.I just finished a half of the large catfish I ordered.  And I'm still thinking about how yummy it was.  The bread was fresh and full, and the large poboy is more than enough for two meals.  And holy man did they pile on the catfish.  Full to bursting and they didn't overload on the mayo and actually listened when I said dressed no tomatoes.  They put a ton of pickles on too, and the lettuce was crispy.  It was pretty all together outstanding.It's your typical walk up to the counter and order your food and a drink.  They've done a decent job of seperating the kitchen/ ordering space from the dining.  I looked around momentarily and the sining space seemed really large, good for groups or just a few.  Know that they only take credit cards for $10 and up.  They have bottled drinks and fountain.  And a whole list of sides I didn't even get to.Everyone inside was super friendly and efficient.  They even were nice about me tying my dogs up outside when I came in to order take out and came outside to bring my food to me while I was keeping the girls company.What makes me sad is that not enough people realize yet how awesome this place is.  I hope more people start going.  They have definately won me over on the I'm hungover god all I need is a poboy moment from bud's.  You should definately try it out if you find yourself over this way.  I'm excited to try the shrimp next time.Hopefully soon they'll put some benches out on the sidewalk or something.  On a day like today it would have been great to sit outside and chow down on the awesome.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,6/29/2011,58,65,3,19,9>I love Bacchanal.  It's a confusing system for newcomers so I'll explain it so you're not embarrassed when you go for the first time.1) Arrive around 7 PM if you want the chef "of the day's" food.  If you want their regular menu of sandwiches and appetizers, you can arrive earlier.2) Walk in and choose your wine or beer. Pay at the register up front. This register takes credit/debit/cash.3) If you order from the regular menu, you pay the people you order from (I think). I was told there are 3 points of service where you can pay here.4) Proceed with your booze and glasses through the kitchen and take a seat outside.5) Relax, listen to music, and get your cash from the ATM if you want what the chef is serving up. Give the order taker your name and listen up because he'll call your name and bring your food to your table.This place is awesome because you get the best chefs cooking up food for you served on paper plates with plastic utensils in a backyard at picnic tables for really low prices.  For example, I had a steak for $14 that would be $30+ at a restaurant. Delicious.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,6/28/2011,257,566,3,9,6>Finally made it to Cure after a Yelp event last week. We split a bottle of wine for the table, as I had noticed the 50% off bottles of wine on Thursday Yelp announcement. Each of us ordered a small plate too. All of it looked delicious, and my Jamaican patty was amazing (although not the best food item to pair with white wine - still good).Great atmosphere, extensive cocktail list, nice selection of beer and wine, and some fantastic specials, like the aforementioned wine special on Thursday and a nice happy hour deal too.I don't travel to Freret Street all that often from my cozy home on the Westbank, but when I do, I'll be sure to stop in for a drink and perhaps a bite to eat!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/26/2011,6/27/2011,40,7,13,13,4>I'm always hesitant to try a new Tex-Mex place. It's like trying a new move in bed...either you come off as a certified rock star, or, well "it happens to everyone."The atmosphere in velvet is spot on. Great patio...open sports bar...decent indoor seating...and lots of local characters for people watching ( I saw a twenty something year old girl fending off 3 old dudes...reminded me of a scene from the old Mutual of Omaha wild kingdom).The margaritas were just what a city that prides itself on boozing demands and was lacking (see superior grills pre-fab Rita as how not to do it). Not syrupy sweet, made with fresh juice, and muy fuerte ( that's strong for you gringos).But the food...meh. Not bad, not great...just there. The ingredients were indeed fresh, but the execution was off. Mole is not red...ceviche is not tart...pork pibil is smokey, not verde. I think this place deserves 3.5 stars and the owner seemed determined to perfect the food (heard him admit the recipes need tweaking). It's that pursuit of good eats that will bring me back here. I'm sure that much like the nice, tame librarian who proceeds to porn star you...the potential is hidden. Buen provecho!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,6/26/2011,1085,123,28,8,15>In honor of St. Patrick's Day, and my recent stealing of the Dukedom from our fearless leader Jessica R., it's time for a Shamrock review...Do you like ping pong?Do you like pool?Do you like darts?Do you like shuffle board?Do you like air hockey?Do you like foosball?Do you like skee ball?Do you like mini basketball?Do you like Golden Tee?Do you like "The Claw"?Do you like beer and alcohol?Do you like live music?Do you like bar food?Do you like putting shit into jukeboxes?Do you like winning?Do you run on tiger blood and Irish whiskey?Do you think you want to challenge me for the crown of Shamrock?Step right up, bitches. It's game time.And now a toast to Shamrock...May your neighbors respect you, troubles neglect you, the Saints protect you, and NOLA accept you.May Irish lasses caress you.May their red hair and bosoms bless you.May the luck of the Irish enfold you.May the blessings of Saint Patrick behold you.May Jess never steal back my Dukedom.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,6/25/2011,214,152,4,10,8>First parade, best parade. Seriously. It's more "low key" than any of the other major parades. So, what they don't have in shiny lights, fancy floats with glitter and tractors, they make up for in humor and skill. Each float is a different joke, all adhering to a theme. Many are "adult" oriented, but not overtly disgusting. The floats are either pushed, or pulled by mules, which is cool!Check out their website and be prepared to laugh your butt off!
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,6/24/2011,44,47,9,37,10>Gordon Ramsay did a number on this place.  Pre-Kitchen Nightmares, Zeke's was just ok.  The couple of times I went there, I was underwhelmed, although it was not terrible.  We finally went back tonight and almost everything was perfect.  The raw oysters were salty and large.  I got the 1/2 Fried Chicken with honey apples and fried sage, with a side of Mac N Cheese and Black Eyed Peas.  The chicken was worth the wait.  Sweet, crispy, and tender.  We got Oreo Beignets for dessert which were stupid delicious.  Service was pretty ok and my only real complaint was the side salad which pretty much consisted of 3 pieces of spring mix lettuce and about 5 shaved onions.  At $3 it was overpriced, bland, and boring. That is my only complaint and the only reason that Zeke's didn't get 5 stars from me.  Can't wait to go back and get the boiled seafood bucket for 2.  Looking forward to watching the drama unfold on Kitchen Nightmares tomorrow evening!Also the prices cannot be beat.  The 1/2 Chicken was $13 and it was an incredible amount of food.  Honestly, it's more than enough for two.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,6/22/2011,242,340,5,9,6>Now takes Visa and MasterCard. Thank goodness because I was straight out of cash.Good prices.Good staff.Bonus: Immaculate bathroom.They may be working on a liquor license, but for now you can bring your own, which is fantastic. Being that I like good beer, I can bring a 22 of whatever good beer I smuggle into the state and enjoy it with some fine shrimp pizza and a meatball sub. Do this.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,6/21/2011,62,70,3,6,5>God, I lurve this place.  I have never had a bad meal here.  From the fantastic tequila selection to the amazingly delicious and fresh food.My favorites: pineapple cilantro margarita and the carrot margarita, make them top shelf.  They are rico suave!  I ordered the carrot margarita for myself and the hubs.  He wasn't paying attention to what I ordered, and about half way through he was like "what is this?".  "A carrot margarita""Wow!  It's really good.  I'm glad I wasn't listening when you ordered it though!"So, maybe it sounds a little strange, but it's mellowness and earthiness combined with just the slightest bit of tart, makes them so easy to drink...a few.The food, oh the yummy food.  Filet tacos, chicken quesadillas, tamales, the queso with the chorizo... I haven't had any of the seafood dishes, the Drum with the crab sounds amazing.The service here is always extremely friendly and timely.  I have really never had a bad experience, and I've eaten here many times over the years. While it's in a kind if touristy place, you don't get the touristy place kind of vibe.  You get treated like family here.The courtyard in the back is my favorite place to sit. It's relatively quiet (aside from the music), and is the perfect, almost private, little spot to have a conversation, or just a quiet dinner. It is covered with christmas lights and only has around 4-5 tables.  Inside is smallish, but not too loud.  It's  decor is quirky, with paintings of fish, top shelf tequila bottles, Mexican art and deer heads. You dog is also welcome if you eat out front.  That is also a great people watching spot, as its across from the French market. This is one of my favorite girls night places, and it's not bad for date night either. We brought the munchkin tonight, and they are very accommodating with your little ones. The waitress offered to have them make her something off the menu, but alas, my gal is a very good little eater and I ordered her dinner off the regular menu.  I highly recommend El Gato, it's one of my top 3 casual FQ restaurants.    I just wished they delivered (even if it's just in the FQ)!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,6/20/2011,147,39,7,20,13>When I sat down in Savannah's chair yesterday, I simply said, "I've been Paris Parkered to death!"That means, in case you are not familiar, I am THROUGH with boring, "safe" haircuts. I chose Rocket Science based on Yelp reviews, and Savannah because she is the owner . . .  I think that's the best way to get a salon's "vision." In her words (well, I'm paraphrasing), she trained the other stylists, so they know the same stuff, but they are all very creative and have their own way of doing things.The salon itself is really nice . . . very roomy, with a lot of natural light, and furnished adorably. I agree with Jess R . . . I wanted to move in! (plus, it's much cleaner than my place is after Mardi Gras . . .)From the shampoo (which was really fun, thanks to a rousing conversation about Jeff Goldblum) to the consultation, to the cut itself, to the style, this salon is the perfect combination of fun and professionalism. And they really are so creative! I sat down, explained my hair type and "round face issues," and Savannah basically asked me, "Do you mind if I chop some of this up, and how do you feel about looking like a rock star?" Well, I am not afraid of scissors, and the one thing I have tried to beat into the heads of other nameless stylists is, "I wanna look like a rock star!" So, I knew we were set. :-) Oh, and another thing . . . every other stylist I have visited in the past few years has told me the same thing: "You can't have bangs. Your forehead is too small." (I guess that makes it a threehead?) When I told Savannah this, she simply said, "Bullshit. There are bangs for everyone just like there is a blonde for everyone." And you know what? She was definitely right in my case! She gave me the most awesome side bangs EVER, and the whole cut is just incredible. I started out with long, straight hair (almost all one length, and BORING), and now I have a cute, funky STYLE that actually flatters my face! I cannot say enough good things about this salon, and Savannah. If I didn't have a wonky event planner schedule, I would have booked my next appointment before leaving the salon. You can bet I'll be back the minute it is time for my next cut . . . FINALLY, I have found the right salon, after years of "meh." Oh, and when I can afford to color my hair in wild hues, I will be back for that too. These girls are gutsy, and they have skills! If you're looking for a new stylist, RUN, don't walk. I mean it. I can't say enough nice things about them. And check out the before and after pics I'm posting if you don't believe me!
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/15/2013,181,479,5,14,8>A new, GREAT spot for noodles on the east bank - HOORAY!!!There were three servers all working together and the service was seamless and pretty fast. We came right around noon and got a table right away. We both ordered Bun with pork and egg-rolls (our standard order) and both the flavors and the portions were perfect!The design and decor were fun, but functional. The menu seemed to have a little something for everyone, even a few things that were unique (like the sliders). It is in a location that is easily accessible for me from mid-city, and I was excited to see something that might actually stick in a space that has has SO many restaurants turn over here in the last few years.We will definitely be back for more!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/14/2013,235,222,5,10,8>4.5 starsI do love Nola Snow.  The owners, Rudy & MiMi, are all about New Orleans.  The staff is always friendly and if they aren't too busy, they'll answer questions about nearly every single flavor on the menu if you are having a hard time deciding on which flavor to get.Today, we opted to get 2 kiddie sizes so that we could try 2 different flavors (all in the interests of Yelping about it).  The first flavor was yellow cake batter and I ain't kidding when I tell you that if you close your eyes and use your imagination, you'd swear you were a kid again and licking the cake batter from your momma's spatula. Well, almost!The 2nd flavor we ordered was cream ice cream.  Since they were nearly out of this flavor the snowball server made a fresh bottle using their secret syrup and mixing it with evaporated milk.  It was awesome, and the evaporated milk gave the syrup a cream like consistency & taste.With consistent great flavors and great service, this is my go to snowball stand; especially since they have 2 locations in Lakeview.  The only reason I give them 4.5 instead of 5 stars is that sometimes, the ice can be a little coarse and not completely velvety smooth.However, I have yet to try a flavor that I have not liked.  But for the record NOLA nectar is the best!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,8/13/2013,201,188,3,7,6>Lately, I've been on a mission to find the best bars in lounges in NOLA with amazing wine and cheese plates and the Polo Club Lounge definitely fits the bill in every way!  I'm so glad my boyfriend stumbled upon this place and told me about it!  First off, it's located on the 2nd floor of the Windsor Court; we all know how fancy schmancy the Windsor is so naturally, there are high hopes for its lounge!My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday night around 9:30 and it was fairly crowded.  It's a rather small space so I do suggest you to go early if you have a larger group.  We sat on the comfortable sofas and ordered a cheese plate, truffle fries (free if you check in on Yelp!), a glass of Riesling, and a French 75.  Everything came out in a reasonable amount of time and OH MY GOSH, their cheese plate is "spectacular!"  That's exactly what our cocktail waitress said.  It included three cheeses and an abundance of dried fruits, pickled beans, prunes, nuts, etc.  I've never seen a cheese plate with THAT many complimentary sides and I thoroughly loved it!  I loved my glass of Riesling (three different Rieslings are offered and I got the third one), and my boyfriend loved his French 75.  I also can attest to how delicious his drink was.The ambiance was wonderful.  They offer live jazz on the weekends and I loved the singer's soothing voice.  It definitely offered a very cozy and intimate vibe to the entire experience.  I can't wait to be back!
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,8/12/2013,95,242,3,8,4>Review for the happy hour only...You should go if you like cheap sushi and drinks! They have a great happy hour menu, that is good for a quick bite. The quality of how the sushi is made isn't the best, but you certainly can't be $4 for unagi/avacado roll. Despite how cheap the rolls were, the fish was fresh and brought out in a timely manner. 8 of us headed up there on a Wednesday to take advantage of the pretty much all day happy hour. We weren't disappointed and everyone left feeling full with less than $20 tabs that included drinks. The service could be improved a bit and I don't really understand the need for 2x hostesses. There's a small lot next door that is very convenient to park on since Oak St can get a bit full. While I'm not into trendy sushi places (this place certainly qualifies as that), I am into a good cheap bite. I probably won't be back for the regular menu, since it seems a bit overpriced. However, I will certainly be back for the happy hour menu! Happy hour: Wed 4pm-12am, Mon-Sat 4-6pm, Mon-Tues 10-11pm, Wed-Thurs 11-12pm, Fri-Sat 12am-1am
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,8/11/2013,242,340,6,9,7>I'm the Duchess because this is my go-to burger place when I'm craving a burger at work. The angus burger is decent sized and well priced. I like being able to pop in quickly or even call my order in ahead of time. The staff is always friendly to boot. Oh and the waffle fries are an extra treat if I'm having a bad day.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,8/10/2013,128,106,9,9,11>fantastic oysters shucked by a world champion shucker!(no lie).fried seafood was fair to good, french fries were a whirlwind of delight. ambience was pretty darn amazing(sit in the front room) Don't try to plug in your laptop, this ain't no internet cafe and it's considered rude. just enjoy your meal and the lovely conversation. Interesting story: Jimmy Carter once came in here and shucked oysters with a claw hammer after katrina (ask your waitress).NO FUCKING CREDIT CARDS.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,8/9/2013,78,67,9,11,6>NOLA..So many Hot Wings, so little to actually rave about..Until NOW!!Bayou Hot wings, is a DELIGHT!!Tasty, consistent, AWESOME!I LOVE Buffalo Wings, and the HOTTER the better.And the Bayou Beast, is pretty danged good.Nice Flavor, nice heat, a Big Daddy Tasty Treat! (Ha, I rhymed)The Garlic Butter parm. wings, have sooo much flavor, it is almost transcendent, yes,I used a four dollar word for Wings.. But it's true.The Thai Chili Glaze wings are sweet, smoky, little spice, pretty awesome as well.SOOOIf you are looking for hot wings in NOLA, from the Sublime, to the HOT, Get your butt over to Bayou Hot Wings..You will be happy you did..I'll see you there..
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/8/2013,126,102,14,20,17>Backstory: For my birthday this year I decided that I wanted a bike. A "real" bike, not the $40 Wal-Mart bike that I'd gotten 10 years before to ride the 1/4 mile to and from my college campus and my apartment. Some friends with "real" bikes had recently come to visit and we rode together and I ended up walking half of the way home because the seat of my cheap bike was beginning to cause extreme pain in my lady area.Looking for a new bike, this was probably my number 1 requirement: I want a bike seat that understands the importance of treating something so sacred with the respect she deserves.Of course, 99% of the bike sellers we encountered were men. The first place we went to (all of the stores were local NOLA places but I'm not naming names) had been recommended by a few friends. We went inside, I explained that I really knew nothing about bikes other than how to ride them and that I wanted a seat that wouldn't make me feel like I'd just ridden a bull at a rodeo.The guy seemed to lose interest in helping me once he found out I was a bike newbie. And he really didn't seem interested in my special request but I'm going to cut him some slack on that one...it was fairly obvious he would have been more interested in protecting my husband's precious cargo.He did the minimum, letting me try bikes and things, but I felt like we kept having to drag information out of him. Instead of suggesting bikes similar to the ones I'd ridden and said I liked, I had to specifically ask him if they had anything like what I'd just tried but in a different brand. Then he'd say yes like of course they did, who would ask such a silly question? Oh you want to try it?I finally just got fed up and we left. Onto Bayou Bicycle! The people there made us feel very welcome. I explained that I was a bike newbie and what kind of riding I thought I would be doing. They pointed me to some Hybrids and didn't hesitate to start taking them out of the racks and adjusting the seat. They gave me pointers on my posture, showed me the different gears, and came outside to watch me while I rode.I found a bike that I liked a lot...the seat seemed much more comfortable than similar bikes from other brands. That's when I told him of my concern. He immediately started telling me all kinds of information on this brand of bike, how they take ergonomics seriously and have engineers working with doctors to get things right in that area, and that they recognize that women need a different design than men, unlike other companies.I was stunned. I was overjoyed. I wanted to hug and kiss this Master of Bikes who seemed, finally, to understand this anatomical revelation. Instead, we bought a bike that has been used frequently for a couple of months now with no problems whatsoever.Me and my nether regions salute you and Bayou Bicycles, sir.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,8/7/2013,161,1547,5,13,11>Crazy that this place only has 1 review. Not only do they have a good selection of plants, aquatic and not, shade and sun, annuals and perennials...you get the drift, they also sell a ton of yard art. Breaks my heart that I had to tell Vicky L that we could not buy the 8 foot $3k gorilla.  Oh and did I mention fountains?Inside is a great shop for home decor items and other gifty things with a gardening edge. AND then there's the jewelry behind the counter.  I've been able to find affordable Christmas gift items some years that were just perfect.  Bonus points for having a private lot so you don't have to hunt for off street parking.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,8/6/2013,122,39,8,11,6>Sweet Sausage Gods Above! This is exactly what St Claude (and my mouth) needed... MEAT. Delicious, delicious meat. If you follow my check-ins, you know I've been to Kajun's Pub few times. Imagine my surprise when a menu appeared on the bar. Not just regular bar grub menu, but a menu filled with the good stuff that I would bike a few miles to eat or suggest for a second date. I've ordered the spiced lamb merguez from Borracho not once, not twice, but three times since this joint opened two weeks ago. Lamb? with mint chimichurri? and lemon tzatziki?! How could I not? Everything here is made in-house (right down to the ketchup). I'm not sure what they put in it to make it so effin good. It might be leftover crack? Is there even such a thing as leftover crack? OH GOD IT'S SO GOOD.Anyway. Go check it out. They have kick-ass wings and an impressive selection of sausages and dogs. Maybe we could go on a double date, you, me, sausage, and yelp?
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,6/12/2013,83,52,3,5,3>LOVED this museum. I am only sorry I had not visited here sooner. Went with my roommate and had a blast. This museum boats a super cool collection of prominent southern contemporary artists. Located right near Lee Circle and the WW2 Museum the Ogden is a must see for all artsy visitors of New Orleans. The building is located in 5 (?) levels and each has a wide collection of differing types of art medias and creators. I also really enjoyed the awesome views of the city from the top floors. STELLAR museum.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,6/11/2013,40,145,2,5,3>Kakkoii, ka-koy-ee, my new favorite japanese restaurant in New Orleans. Not one dish i ordered was a disappointment. Each and every one was delectably delicious and sumptuous... Couldn't think of a third word that started with a D for that line to emphasize my enthusiasm... Decadent, decadent chocolate molten lava cake! Well if it really wasn't decadent, it still gets a 10/10 noms. The perfect amount of hot cake, a perfect portion of vanilla ice cream from Creole Creamery, 2 chocolate pocky sticks, thin slices of apple garnish, and some dobs of whipped cream.What about that Baked Salmon? Perfect!  There are only two places so far in the city that I have found their Baked Salmon to be just right, those two places are: Kakkoii and Sekisui in the quarter.Our other dishes?  Crab Shumai, steamed just right and presented prettily.  Beef Negi Maki,  DAMN, that teriyaki sauce is the closest to teriyaki sauce that I've had in this city, it is teriyaki sauce! The beef ribeye and scallions are awesome, and this is just one of my favorite dishes at japanese restaurants.  Oh, and Mikimoto's version of this dish doesn't even hold a candle!   Seaweed salad?  We got this dish because they had run out of the Oshitashi (steamed spinach in sesame infused soy sauce).  The Seaweed salad was also fresh, slightly crunchy, and wonderful.  Alright, and I can't forget to mention, if you go there, you must order the Coconut Shrimp.  This was pretty fantastic, the shrimp was battered and fried perfectly, every bite you can taste the shrimp, the panko, and the coconut in perfect harmony, along with the delicious mango wasabi dipping sauce that wasn't burning spicy, but just had the right sweetness and tinge of bite.We didn't order any entrees as we ordered a bunch of starters to get a taste of a little bit of everything that we could. But we did order two, non-special rolls as to not break the bank.  These were the essential Crunchy Roll and the Maple Street Roll.  You can't go wrong with these rolls, again they were perfect.  The tuna was fresh, just the right texture, not fishy, and not slimy, like what you can get at other places.Last but not least.  The service was awesome. The first table we were seated at the air was blowing right down on me and I got cold, so the waitress happily moved us without any hesitation or making faces.  Next we had both ordered hot green teas, our waitress not once allowed our cups to be empty and frequently bought new, full, hot cups of green tea for us, all the way to the end when we were finishing our dessert of chocolate molten lava cake.   Yes the teas were $2.50 each, but no, they did not charge us for every single cup, like some other places in town are known to do.  This is the way it should be!   Our food also came out quickly and promptly!I am definitely coming back to Kakkoii!  I mean, I didn't even have a favorite japanese restaurant in New Orleans until I ate at Kakkoii.Although people might say the prices are pricey, they do have a range of different dishes that range from $4.00 - $25.00, the portions are perfect and commensurate with price, and just for the quality of the food, it's well worth it.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,6/10/2013,34,251,14,16,11>Wowser pants! I heard about the illustrious Killer Poboy from my bestie/brother. Before I knew about Yelp he was my food guru! Am SO glad that my friend recommended we get food from Killer Poboy! Since I gave up meat for Lent (which btw can be tough for a carnivore like me, I mean, I like meat medium rare with a little blood oozing out but that might be TMI) I ordered a shrimp poboy. Now some may scoff for paying over $10 for a poboy but dang it, it was worth every darned penny! The shrimp was grilled and it reminded me of a cross between a Vietnamese sandwich (banh mi) and a delectable great with the amazing sauce (if you read my reviews you know I'm all about the sauces). The bread was crispy in the outside and soft in the middle. Delicious!!And my friend ordered the grilled cheese sandwich. OMFG, I think I would marry this sandwich if I could. The bread, the cheese melted perfectly! And this ain't your Momma's sliced cheese let me tell ya! All I can say was I audibly moaned after I took a bite because it was just that good! I love a grilled cheese sandwich and this one, my friends is the best I've ever had! The bread, it had little poppy seeds in it? So delicious! And what kind of cheese did they use? I don't know because my eyes were rolling in the back of my head while I was eating it! Note: Killer Poboy is in the back of Erin Rose bar which btw is a cool bar with open windows! Killer Poboy, you killed me at first bite! I'm yours!Happy Poboy/Sandwich eating!
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,6/9/2013,280,118,,13,7>As a California expat, I love me a good farmers market.  When I lived in Gretna, I always longed for one and wouldn't you know that they started one after I moved away I've been here for 7 years and I'm thrilled that our local bayou has a farmers market.   It's small, with a smattering of local farmers, fisherman and crafters.  The one day that I went I scored some home harvested honey, a couple lemon tarts and a recycled bag made from a chicken feed bag.....score!!!!!Each Saturday as I drive by, the market keeps getting bigger and bigger...!!!!!Looking forward to the day when I could buy a majority of my needs at the market and not the big box store.....It's the little things that me feel more welcome here in Louisiana......
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,6/8/2013,139,94,3,6,4>Chicken Salad Croissant! That is all I have to say. I am addicted to their sandwich. I tried a holiday sandwich the last time I went, but the chicken salad croissant is my favorite. I went the first time with my friends and had no idea what to do. The whole process of ordering your food makes me feel like I'm back in preschool/middle school. The menus are placed right before you get in line to order. There is a brunch menu and a regular meal menu. Did I forget to mention the dessert display is the first thing you see walking in? It's like they know I have the worst sweet cravings and always like to check out what's for dessert before I even eat. Anyways you pick up a tray and you're ready to go! There's a salad island first and I'd recommend a bowl of the strawberry romanoff. Yum! There's some pies and small sandwiches as you move along and lastly the soups. You order when you get to the cashier and they hand you this spoon on a block with a letter or number. Pick a seat and wait for them to bring you your food!It's a bit pricey for lunch, but worth every penny to me. You have the option of chips or the pasta salad with specific meals. I'm stuffed by the time I'm finished, so no complaints from me about it not being enough.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,6/7/2013,136,445,7,15,13>The Soda Shop is a great place to grab a bite to eat.  I'm particularly fond of the chicken salad sandwiches here. They also serve hamburgers, roast beef, BLTs and hot dogs...your typical small cafe type of fare.  The real star here is the ice cream.  It's all made there in the shop and its so creamy and delicious.  They have shakes and malts of any flavor you can imagine.  Banana splits and root beer floats...oh my. They also give fantastic birthday parties for children.  For around $200.00 you'll get a private room, a party attendant who takes care of everything, a cake, decorations including the cups, napkins, etc., ice cream sundaes for each child and drinks. I've had several parties here and barely had to lift a finger. They take great care to make sure that your child AND you thorougly enjoy the party.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,6/6/2013,48,158,3,11,2>Tan Dinh's skinnier relative - menu's a little smaller but just as goodMy parents wanted something healthy and suggested Vietnamese and I initially said no because I really only like to eat Vietnamese on the West Bank or in the east and I didn't want to go that far, then I remembered Eater NOLA sent something out about a soft opening of Ba Chi UPTOWN!! Today was the first day of their soft opening. They're actually opening next week. We were very happy we went.We shared 2 appetizers and 2 entrees between the three of us and we were very full. We ordered the vietnamese coffee (drip coffee with condensed milk) served over ice and some ice tea and our total was $29 for everything.Tried the:Baco (appetizer) - these are like soft steamed dumplings that are folded, almost like a taco. Think pork bun's from Duong Phoung. It's that consistency. They have all different kinds of fillings and most come 2 to a serving for about 3.50 - 4.50. I ordered the soft shell crab w spicy mayo which only came 1 but was really good. I think they let you mix and match but I'm not sure. Fresh Shrimp Spring Egg Rolls served with peanut sauce - standard vietnamese fare. Good stuff, tastes like it supposed to.Seafood Pho - My parents loved the pho broth. They wish they picked a meat one instead, not bc the seafood wasn't great but bc they realized that's what they were craving later. Mom was impressed. Prices ran about 8.50-9.50 for a big ol bowl.Charbroiled pork rice dish with eggrolls - This was I think 8.50 and then you add the daikon radish salad, kimchee and egg for a $1 plus sticky rice cakes for another $1. It sucks you have to tack on another $2 for something that should come with it, but that being said this food is pretty friggin cheap anyways. Wonder if they should just include it and increase the price? Comes with 2 fried meat egg rolls, filled with tons of meat, great flavor and filling. Sticky rice - these are basically fried rice patties, thnk fried grits, but it's fried rice. It's the consistency of risotto but has a slightly sweet almost coconut flavor. Bc it reminds me of this filipino dessert my mom makes (coconut sticky rice wrapped in banana leaves) I would prefer noodles or regular rice topped with an egg next time. Still it's pretty good, especially if you didn't grow up in a filipino household thinking it's dessert.No doubt I will be back. I want to try the banh mi and I will definitely come back and get another rice plate. I would love to see some duck (maybe in the baco) and some different kinds of spare ribs like lemmon pepper and salt they serve at the Tan Dinh. It's soooooo good. Would also love it if they added an avocado tapioca smoothie like the one they have on the west bank. If you haven't tried one also delis.Give it try, you won't regret and prices are great for Uptown!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,6/5/2013,19,96,4,5,4>I'm going out on a limb and saying that I actually like that Bellocq isn't teeming with people when I've been in there. Even on weekend nights, about half the seats have been empty (or full, depending on the way you like to look at the glass..), and I actually love this. I mean, what good are the plush, velvety couches if you don't even get to sit on them. I love that you can just grab a drink at the bar without hassel and find a place to sit and actually hear yourself talk because there aren't 25 million people in there.Bellocq is really beautiful. It's dark and intimate. The bartenders are all really sweet. The bathrooms are AWESOME. They are just straight up bright red all around. The first time I came in, I was wearing red pants that matched the walls. It was fate. Try the Buffalo Trace cobbler if you like bourbon instead of rum. The fries are really yummy too.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,6/4/2013,82,98,3,9,4>Great lunch spot! Ive been here a few times. You can't go wrong with the food (sandwiches, soups, salads, milkshakes, tea). I brought a couple of friends here this past Saturday while parades were going on. They were PACKED...there was a 20 minute wait for sandwiches, but they were courteous and pretty quick considering it was standing-room only in that place.Shrimply the Best sandwich is awesome! I made 4 meals out of this beast. My friend had the Clooney Special and loved it. If you're a salad person, you won't be disappointed. I've had the Maple Bacon & Feta Salad (add chicken) and I can't stop thinking about it!I like this location (as opposed to their original location off of St. Charles) because there is a parking lot here and the actual inside of the place is much bigger. Order at the counter, sit down & they bring it to you.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,6/3/2013,58,144,5,8,5>Classic Cinema with Closed Captioning,Delightful Ditties at a Decent Decibel,PubliQ House is Perhaps the Perfect Place.But seriously, PubliQ House is an awesome bar.  Very laid-back and casual.  I appreciate that I could actually have a discussion without having to yell over the music/noise, which seems to be the norm in most bars.My "improved vodka soda" was fantastic and my partner's Caucasian (white Russian) was really good. They have a commendable beer selection and most nights they invite a local food truck to park outside.  They have a calendar on their website that lists the schedule for food trucks and live music.I look forward to returning and catching some live music there.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,7/21/2011,161,1547,4,14,11>I was a little disappointed in Sylvain's menu...so few vegetarian items. Luckily, I wasn't super hungry so I just snacked. I guess if I had been starving, I could have filled up on desserts.I ordered a cheese tray for our table; it came with 3 cheeses (all tasty), toasted baguette rounds (yum), almonds, and macerated dried cherries (delish).  I also had the shaved brussel sprout salad which was really good...bright and slightly sharp and really good.  Sylvain gets a solid 4 for inventive cocktails and their mixologist. She handled the specialty requests from my table with aplomb.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,7/20/2011,894,496,2,15,7>I really am enamored with Pho Nola. I eat vietnamese food about twice a week and have been coming here for a little over a year now. The ambiance is above average compared to most vietnamese restaurants and the service is usually quick and courteous. Most of the food I have tried here is worth coming back for and the prices are cheap ($4 for poboys and around $7.50 for most other dishes).Dishes I've tried:-Bo Luc Lac (beef dish served with rice): The best bo luc lac I've ever had at any vietnamese restaurant. The steak is just mouth-watering delicious! One of the more expensive items on the menu at $9.50.-Pho Tai: Not the best pho in the city but still quite good. -Banh Mi Ga Nuong (grilled chicken with lemongrass poboy): Their poboys are delicious. The aioli (garlic mayo) is the special ingredient that sets it apart from other poboys. This is the only vietnamese restaurant where I usually order a poboy instead of pho or bun and it's because of the creamy mayo they use!-Goi Cuon (vietnamese spring rolls): Very good spring rolls. The spring rolls come with the usual pork and shrimp, lettuce, and vermicelli.-Bun Tom Nuong (grilled shrimp with vermicelli): The shrimp are grilled perfectly here.-Bun Ga Nuong (grilled lemongrass chicken with vermicelli): Another great bun dish.-Bun Cha Gio (vietnamese egg rolls with vermicelli): My favorite bun dish is this one with the egg rolls. Crunchy yet soft egg rolls!-Bubble Teas! The bubble teas are $4.25 or $4.75 for a specialty bubble tea. I've tried most of them. My faves are the NOLA, Merry Berry, and the Watermelon.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,7/19/2011,213,82,,5,5>Pan Roasted Shrimp and Stone Ground Grits with White Wine and Smoked Crimini Mushrooms.  Get it.  It's the Friday special and it's absolutely delish!Liberty's Kitchen is an awesomely quaint restaurant with great folks serving the customers.  Many thanks to Matthew V. for posting the mission of Liberty's Kitchen, because that's an important part of understanding why this place is so cool.Enough for the feel-good stuff, get something to eat here.  I'm personally on a mission to take advantage of every daily special:Monday, Red Beans & Rice with Grilled Andouille SausageMY NEXT VISIT!!!Tuesday, Louisiana Catfish with Pecan Menuiere Sauce, Popcorn Rice and Little Green BeansWednesday, Spicy Smothered Chicken with Herbed Popcorn Rice & Seasonal VeggiesThursday, Seasonal Vegetable Lasagna with Spinach and Parmesan Bechamel, Roasted Pepper Coulis and Mista SaladHonestly, I don't know what some of these food items are, but if it's anything like the shrimp grits, I'll definitely sample every special.  The menu also has the other good stuff such as po-boys, burgers, great-looking salads, soups, vegetarian options, etc.  I'm sure it all passes the taste test.You can also get breakfast here, but not dinner.  Once again, I'll be back!
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,7/18/2011,147,473,,10,5>Some friends took us here on opening night. Opening night typically a bad time to go to a restaurant. We went anyway, and it was definitely not a mistake. Granted, they do have a couple things to iron out, but that should take no time at all, and none of the problems were even big enough to knock it down from a full five stars.The number of places the serve good Neapolitan style pizza in this city are growing (Mondo, Domenica), but this is the first place to specialize in it (along with Salumi), and I'm lucky to have it only a few blocks from my house. Chef Adolfo Garcia even came and chatted with our table for a while.Best Margherita pie I've had in this city.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,7/17/2011,21,139,6,7,3>They cost more than other vets, but worth every penny. The veterinarians are very friendly and knew exactly how to handle my cat, who does not like strangers at all. They were very gentle with her and treated us very well. She had gotten a cut on her stomach and they cleaned the area and gave her a tube of Collasate to seal the wound and gave us directions on how to care for her at home for the next couple days- they fit us right in on a busy Saturday morning. When she had gotten a tapeworm, I called them frantic about something coming out of my cats ass, because I kept her vaccinated and on Revolution- the staff asked me what it looked like and said it was a tapeworm, which even the cleanest cats can get (so I felt way better!!) and let me bring her by within a few minutes of closing to give her a pill. She hasn't had the problem since (but she has been strictly indoors now). Their staff is so friendly and when you go in there, its all about cats, so I feel less like a crazy cat lady.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2010,7/16/2011,63,50,7,14,4>"You guys know this is a practice course right?" - Spoken by the guy at the counter where we paid for our round.I am not a good golfer.  If I break 60 on the front nine, I'm pretty happy with myself.  That's why I really like Brechtel so much...it's not even close to being in good shape, but at $8 for a round it's the perfect place to practice.THE GOODPrice:  $8 for a round of golf?  Sign me up.  It really doesn't get any cheaper than that.  If you just want to whack balls around and get some practice in, it's the best value for your money.Layout:  Surprisingly, the layout is better than what you'd expect for such a low fee.  It's a relatively short course for decent golfers, at 6000 yards, but has enough hazards and tricky spots to make it mildly challenging.  And for someone on my skill level, it's more than challenging enough.THE BADGreens:  "Now, all I have to do to save par is putt through the Sahara."  Actual quote from a friend who was trying to get up and down for his par.  The entire 20 feet from his ball to the hole was literally dirt.  Overall, that's actually better than some of the other greens, where there were still patches of green in the dirt that would trip up the ball and make any real attempt at holing putts nearly impossible.  I guess if you want to look for a silver lining, you could treat the roughness of the greens like obstacles in mini-golf and have a little fun with it.PURGATORYUpkeep:  For the most part, the rest of the course besides the greens are relatively in good shape.  There is at least a clear demarcation between fairway, rough, and green.  It's obvious that it could use more work, but I don't expect much more than they've provided if they maintain their current costs.  And to be fairly honest, I'm perfectly fine the way it is.OVERALLGo if: you want to practice and have fun at a low cost; you don't mind putting being a complete crapshoot; aren't bothered by weird smells coming from a couple of the water hazards.Don't go if: you're a serious golfer or want to play a serious round; need to practice your putting; are a snob who can't get enjoyment from affordable golf.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,7/15/2011,23,494,3,15,8>I have been meaning to write a review on the new Cool Zoo at Audubon Zoo and I finally had the chance to do it.  I LOVE the Cool Zoo.  Some don't, which means more fun for us!  On a hot day there is nothing better than the actually cool water spraying fun of the Cool Zoo.  Warning to parents you WILL get wet!  I highly suggest bringing something you don't mind getting wet if you plan on coming to Cool Zoo.  Even if you stay on the perimeter there are kids with Water Cannons and splashy fun happening all around so don't get upset if you catch some of it.  There are tables and a few cabanas spread at the outside for the grownups to relax.  They also have a snack stand and pool shop with towels, sunglasses, sunblock, etc all inside the Cool Zoo.  They also have lockers for rent from $5-$7 but I personally just kept track of my own things.  You can park your stroller or wagon on the outskirts of Cool Zoo by the Carousel.  There is an additional charge for Cool Zoo, $4 for members $5 for non members but honestly it is the best bargain to be had in the zoo (Kids under 2 are free).  So onto the fun that's at the Cool Zoo.  A giant white alligator hovers over the main area periodically dumping huge buckets of water (there is a warning bell that rings before the big splash), there is a water snake tunnel with constant spray misters to run through, a small yellow water slide for the younger kids, a bigger straight green water slide for older kids and a corkscrew water slide all coming out of the alligator.  This is the main "fun area" although there are other features around the Cool Zoo.  There are dueling elephant and lion water cannons, tons of flower sprays coming up from the ground, and a mini sprinkling area for the little kids. Rope pulls and wheel turning valves to get the water fun going all over the place.  There is also a giant seal which serves as a filler for the Big Squirt water toys that you can purchase at the gift shopTo be honest, other than the big slides the little kids can enjoy everything in this park and while it appears to be more for the kids, there were plenty of adults enjoying the refreshing Cool Zoo the days I have gone.  I think Audubon hit it out of the park on this one and found something that is really missing in this city and is now providing it.  Just another reason why I love Audubon Institute and the Audubon Zoo.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,7/14/2011,1836,86,5,11,6>It's difficult to think of anything negative to say about this little neighborhood gem.Jamila's is located on Eastern end of Maple St. and if you're not careful, you'll drive right on past it.  I've not found that this restaurant promotes itself very well.  I do know that during certain events in the city, such as French Quarter Fest and Jazz Fest, they always have a food vendor stand up.  Aside from these rare occasions, I believe that the success of Jamila's relies more on word-of-mouth.I can't give you too much history on the restaurant because I know very little but I will pass on what I do know, based on speaking with the owner and his wife.  They have had the restaurant up and running for the last 18 years and his wife runs the kitchen.  Everything that is brought to your table has been prepared by her and is often delivered by the single waitress or her husband.As for finding the restaurant, I was first made aware of this place by my ex who, at the time, lived nearby.  She had been there once previous with her parents and decided to bring me.  I really fell for the restaurant because from the exterior, it doesn't look like much but once inside, you suddenly feel like you're at home with the family (depending on your individual case, that can be good or bad for you).  For me, this was a good thing.They have two appetizers that you MUST start with: the mussels, which come in a rich, oniony broth and the escargot, which I believe is topped with butter, oil, garlic and parsley.  I'm probably forgetting some seasonings and I have no menu to go off of.  This is strictly from memory alone.  What I do remember is that the starters were amazing!  Fresh and hot, the flavors were savory and spot-on; I can't think of a single negative about these dishes.For my entrée, I ordered the Tajine of Lamb.  When the dish was brought to me by the husband, I was given a single terra cotta bowl.  Two more dishes were given to me; one housed the saffron and almond rice while the other tried to contain the seductive aromas of the potato, onion and lamb.  Words simply cannot express how perfectly executed this dish was.  I'm not talking about a fine dining course, where every bit of food was pristine and neat and quaint.  This was like a home-cooked meal that you wait months and months for.  The lamb was so tender (slow cooked, maybe??) that it fell apart at the slightest touch and the flavor was exquisite.  It's a safe dish, however but if you're new to this type of cuisine, it's a good place to start.Did I mention that on Saturdays at 8 PM, they have live belly dancing??  Oh yes, they do!!  They have an instructor in the art from Loyola University, who dances from 8-10 PM all through the restaurant.  You can choose to dance with her or simply enjoy the sights and sounds.  Me??  I get up there with her at any opportunity and try to dance a little jig.  Next to her, I look like a poor marionette who's strings have gotten tangled....but I do try!  It's all in good fun!Do yourself a favor and check this restaurant out.  It's so much fun and the food is terrific.  For a little more excitement, show up on the weekend around 7 PM and try your hand at matching the belly dancer's hip gyrations!  Just get there a little early so you can get a table.  This is a small restaurant with a HUGE heart!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,7/13/2011,122,352,3,6,8>Their emcee is amazing, their themed shows are great and the performers are fantastic. Their tribute shows are my favorite ( the Prince tribute w/ the band White Bitch in particular). These performers are well polished, starting with their creative director Trixie Minx (who is beautiful and hysterically funny) all the way down to their newer/featured members. Veterans Bella Blue and Madam Mystere are also VERY easy on the eyes and always put on a good show. Chris Lane as the emcee is amazingly funny and constantly toes-the-line of being too much. Hecklers beware; he will eat you alive.  My suggestion is to reserve a table in advance. It's $5 more per person and it's worth every penny to have a waitress and a place to sit. The rest of the place is standing room only.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,7/12/2011,284,730,4,8,2>I had the pleasure of receiving a fantastic brow shaping from Torrie Jakes, owner of the new Mid-City spa, Jakes Aesthetics. Using the Groupon I purchased, I was greeted warmly and promptly at 8:30AM on a Saturday morning. Seems cruel, but getting a brow wax in the early hours leaves the rest of the day for playtime!The office is clean, spartan and modern. The wax used was about as painless as one can experience. I do not like getting my lip waxed, but Torrie was a master of almost eliminating any discomfort. She also offers great facials and can steer you on the path to glowing clean and clear skin!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,3/20/2012,61,97,,5,4>I love electric lady land.  I'll say it.I've been nowhere else since I started getting work done.  And yes, they are more pricey than other places.  But every piece I've had done has been done by a friendly and professional artist.  And they are artists.I am most recently absolutely thrilled by the piece I am having done with henry.  I have seen him tatoo my sister and my cousin as well as seen the work he has done on several of my friends.  He understands what will look good on someone's body as well as what you want when you just come in with an idea.  He's not necessarily chatty, but the fact is he's very very good at what he does. The facility is also always clean and professional with a wide selection of available flash and artists.  They can altar almost any design you have and love to do original work as well.  I've never been peirced there, but I have seen many people come out happy and the jewelry looks awesome.  Everyone here has experience and they know what they're doing.  Super important.I had thought about possibly going somehwere else for my next piece based on some friends' reviews.  But I think that once this mother of a tat is done that I'm going to go back to henry.  I think I've just found my artist.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,3/19/2012,23,80,2,3,3>Coulis is great. I love taking a short walk here in the morning and grabbing breakfast. It's not quick and it's not cheap, but everything I've had there is at the least good and at the best, great. The atmosphere is pleasant, simple, and well orchestrated. The service is quick and cordial, and while they don't serve alcohol, they're willing to mix drinks if you bring your own. I'd suggest getting the stuff french toast, which is really quite amazing. If Coulis were just a tiny bit cheaper, it would absolutely be a five star joint, but I really have a hard time justifying spending $30 on breakfast for two. While it may have been a good $30 breakfast, it still hurts me a little bit to drop that much dough that early in the day.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,3/18/2012,87,163,4,8,6>The two ladies at the table will have THE TRUCKER!  The trucker?  Oh yes, the trucker.  A gigantic meat/ cheese stuffed calzone that can't be matched.  Each bite is a delicious melody of pork goodness.Okay, so you're veg, that's cool too.  They have an equally large, veg stuffed mate called the roasted garden.  If you love garlic they have you covered.  The last time I had this one I swear there must have been an entire head of garlic inside.  I smelled like garlic for at least an entire day after I ate that thing.  OpsThe pizza of course is good as well.  The crust is thin and the toppings are piled on.  I haven't had a bad slice yet.  The service is always speedy enough.  The atmosphere is comfortable and modern, a step up from the every day pizza place.  However, caution, don't leave your children unattended or, according to the sign above the bar, they will feed them espresso and give them a puppy.  ;)
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,3/17/2012,61,118,3,4,4>Why is it that the best ethnic restaurants are in strip malls (or at least surrounded by them)? Cafe Equator is accross from Lakeside on Severn, at the nexus of all that is awful yet irresistible about Metairie. Occupying the shell of a Ground Pat'i rastaurant, the redesign of the interior is actually quite charming and comfortable, one might even say stylish...but we don't go to Metairie to bask in atmosphere, do we?       The food is fantastic accross. the board, but first, let me make a defense of the often maligned (by Thai-philes) pad Thai. Equator's Pad Thai Supreme is delicious-the addition of perfectly fried soft shell crab just sends this dish over the top.       Starting with any of the rolls (golden, spicy beef, vegetable or Summer) might also seem humdrums to the spice monkeys who lord their expertise over you, but ignore them and enjoy fresh, expertly prepared treats that definately get you ready for delights to come.As mentioned before, these folks know how to fry and the blanket shrimp and gyogrob ( ground shrimp, mushrooms, green onions and water chestnuts wrapped in a wonton) prove it. All of the other starters please as well, with both pork and shrimp shumai as well as chicken satay and pork on skewers and a myriad of others...I could happily order appetizers and never get entrees or salads, but that would be a mistake.       The lemongrass calimari salad and the Oriental salad with tofu have dispossessed me of my previously held opinion that salads at Asian restaurants are usually a disappointment.       There are too many entrees about which to rhapsodize, but I can say that freshness of the ingredients and a deft touch in the kitchen ensure that whatever your wont, these folks will please you. If you dig curries, Equator offers more choices than anywhere else in town, and after their extensive entree carte, the add a "countryside authentic" section with even more options. As a coda (before dessert, that is), a considerable vegetarian selection is offered. Desserts are standard Thai but quite good and there is beer, wine, and sake available along with soft drinks and some special teas (including iced Thai tea).       So next time you must visit the concrete jungle near Causeway & Vets, steal away to this tropical oasis and enjoy some tasty Thai.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,3/16/2012,160,294,6,6,4>So I went twice in 3 days, and it's on.  I had the BLT second go.  It reminds me of Robert Duvall in some less than memorable movie requesting in a bad Cuban accent "I would like (pause) a bacon sandwich."  Much more B than L or T.  Capital 'A' for awesome.To the naysayers: the CB hasn't even been open a full week and you're complaining they're closed at 330???  And you were in a hurry?  Puh-leeze.  Hit a drive thru on Claiborne at 330 and see how well your digestive system greets you hours later.  I'm *certain* the 330 closure is anomalous.  Also if you don't like waiting 25 minutes for your order, think about getting there earlier, ok?  Clearly the lesson of the early bird getting the worm has escaped your life experiences.  Myself, if I can't arrive early or at opening I generally don't go.  Why?  I don't like waiting 25 minutes either and should I, I put the onus on me, not the biz.Go to CB early.  Go often.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,3/15/2012,211,183,6,9,4>This is the best the city has to offer.  If you imbibe in the brazilians, there is no other place in the city that offers the "less pain"  hard wax and the through ness of service.   I may have said it before, this is the only place in the city my chacha will go for wax.  Simple.  I find the discounted price of 55.00 every four weeks a little hard to swallow, so due to the fact that I have to give something else up in the way of personal services, I offer my 4 star review.  If there was any way to make this necessary work more affordable here, it would be 5.  I still won't go anywhere else in the city, even at half the price.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,3/14/2012,224,517,2,6,4>One of the best King Cakes ever. They have a fresh fruit King Cake in two varieties, Banana's Foster or Triple Berry either one is a winner. The fresh cream and fruit stuffed into the halved king cake makes for a divine treat. The also feature regular and original French style King Cakes. But the fresh fruit is a must try this season. BTW the regular cakes and pastries are great here to. A wonder New Orleans bakery.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2011,3/13/2012,12,113,9,14,3>Really, I'm the first person to review the restaurant?  The pressure.....First, the map next to this review doesn't show the right location for the restaurant.  It's located about 1/4 east (down river) from the intersection of Ormand and River Rd.  I lhave noticed that some (not all) mapping programs send you to the wrong place when you enter a River Rd address.  I observed new roadside/level signs (Louisiana weeds) in front of the plantation in my daily trips past the plantation advertising a daily lunch serving.   They have spread from there into Destrehan.  My understanding was that they historically had a B&B/Banquet type of business. Friday afternoon, out of work early, I thought I would give it a try.  There were cars in the parking lot which is encouraging.  I have never been in the plantation and was expecting a casual, country kitchen type of environment.  It is more like a casual formal dining room type of setting.  Tables were formally set, nice silverwear, linen napkins, the works.  At first glance, a little stuffy.   I sat in what was probably a front sitting room in the 1700's.  Neat room, traditional architecture from that period.  The place is at over 200 years old, so you can understand that the floors are not level.  Still, it is annoying when the tables rock.  There has to be a way to fix that.  Dress is casual.  It would be nice if they had outdoor seating available.  Service is good.  After noting the formal table setting and the more involved menu, I was anticipating a long wait for the food.  My mistake, it came promptly.  You can get in and out of here in 30 minutes without too much trouble.  Not your usual NOLA lunch menu.  Only one Poboy and nothing deep fried.  However, it did cover a lot of ground, something for everyone.  I tried the pasta dish, andouille sausage, cajun spices, chicken.  It came with bread and a very nice side of vegetables.   Large serving, tasty.  Total bill with tip was $17.50.  If you are in the area, take a look at the newest planation house in the area.  Its on the corner of Ormand Blvd. and River Rd, 22,000 sq ft, the new DuPlantis tax-free rectory.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/17/2011,3/12/2012,425,213,,8,3>Okay so this is one of those "i've only been there once so here's my fresh first time experience" reviews that will be updated once i've gone, say, ten times. Plus, since the business opened up four days ago I believe that it needs time to settle in and work out the kinks before a true review is written (don't you?).I've been waiting for Velvet to open ever since I saw it's sign. It finally opened on Valentines Day- cute! The spot used to be a snoball stand and is tiny. There are 4 bar seats inside and there's not any place to stand. Velvet made up for this by putting outdoor seating AND making an ordering window! I think that was genius, except that there's no outdoor menu posted so you don't know what you're ordering at the window.When I went in today they were out of lemon/blueberry "teacakes" (just a mini cupcake, right?) so I tried chocolate with coconut on top. It was delightful. The one bite cupcake cost me $1.19 though and since I just made about 50 of them and elaborately decorated them for about that same price I'm not so sure I'd try the teacakes again.What is enticing is the coffee. Jeremy's review speaks of well-trained baristas so i'll have to go back to try their brews. Right across from Whole Foods in the uptown area there is no parking near here which is a bummer. Also, I wouldn't meet a friend for teacakes and coffee if it wasn't nice out because the inside is so cramped. But, the jolly and helpful staff make up these issues and bump it up to 3 stars, for now.Not wheelchair accessible as you have to go up steps. They are paperless in that they use their IPAD to charge your credit card (you sign on the ipad). Finally, apparently everything is fair-trade and organic!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,3/11/2012,48,13,9,8,8>Dear God, Is there a more relaxing park in all of the New Orleans area? If so I have yet to find it. You really did an amazing job. High five. -Rebecca I truly love this park. It has everything. Museums, gardens, peddle boats, bicycles, ducks, an amusement park. You can spend all day here. I spent a few hours here one Saturday and had the best time. My husband and I rented a peddle boat and made our way under bridges, through the sculpture garden, and through a marshy area where all the ducks and turtles seemed to live and back to the rental area all for $12. There is also a gondola rental which is neat. The guy had it made in Italy which scores some extra points. He also will arrange sunset trips and basically anything else you want for a romantic evening. I've also visited the botanical garden. I would give that three stars. We came after they had an event so it seemed really messy. It was also August. Not a good idea. I did come for Christmas in the Oaks which was very beautiful. However, pre-order the ice rink tickets because they sell out fast.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,10/5/2013,91,251,1,12,5>I'll let you in on a little secret... Bayona's 23rd Anniversary, 3-course $23 lunch, with .23 there martini (gin, vodka, manhattan or lemon drop) is the best deal in town!  The food & service is off-the-charts amazing anytime, but this deal is almost too good to be true. Start off with a Bayona salad, followed by your choice of four solid entrees and a bowl of ice cream, all for $23. Can't beat it!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,10/4/2013,162,269,6,11,7>The waitress and I bonded over pimento cheese dreams. (We both have them.) High Hat is that kind of place. My Midwestern lover is a diner fan, and I'm a Southern girl who discovered diners on the east coast. I'm always game for introducing a new kind of diner into our lives, and High Hat was an attempt to do just that. I actually planned a visit to High Hat to ease some of the cultural shock of being in New Orleans instead of Ohio. It worked! The food is not cheap, but the quality is high. It's also a matter of choosing wisely. For example, we recently ate a lazy lunch for $30 by splitting the pimento cheese/pickle platter, watermelon salad, and red beans. This, friends, is what I have dreams about. This, friends, is the most right way to pass a lazy July scorcher of an afternoon. Spreading pimento cheese on toast, watching bicyclists pass by, and sipping beer...it cannot get better than that. And yet, it does. Pickled okra, a bartender that's always up to something exciting, and fresh pie on the menu every day makes High Hat worth a visit. The service is a little...bossy? But I get the impression that's the vibe High Hat is going for. A little bossy, a little brusk, making you earn a smile...but when you earn one, boy howdy is that a good smile! My partner would like to note that the space gets extra loud and echoes in ways that make him uncomfortable, but the pie is so good that he will overlook those things. Accessibility notes: no Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Doors open in. High bar.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,10/2/2013,47,159,,6,2>Happy Hour at Toad! My mother and I had the best lemon drop and honeysuckle martinis and split a mushroom and polenta appetizer that is kind of hard to describe but I believe it was the special and it was delicious. The martinis were only $5! Oh, they had live music going on as well for a Friday Happy Hour.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2013,10/1/2013,137,178,3,6,4>Finally made it to happy hour at American Sector. I had read that the duck wings had been removed from the HH menu but put back, so I was really excited to try them. Except they weren't on the menu. Lame. I asked the hostess about it and she said that she thinks it's on the regular menu and we should still be able to order em, but our server didn't suggest that option when I asked him about the wings. Oh well.The BBQ sliders were pretty good. K said that it tastes like it was maybe pickled. He wasn't a big fan of the meat pies and I thought they were a-ok. A little too much mayo.I made a reservation on opentable cuz I collect points but it turned out to be a really good decision cuz the place was packed with other HH goers.I may return to try some stuff from the regular menu at some point...
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,9/30/2013,41,215,1,7,3>There's been a lot of buzz about this place so I thought we would check it out.  The first thing I noticed is they have two mantras: "I don't speak spanish so please parden me when I butcher the names" and "This is a soft opening so we have a partial menu with only beer and wine".  I think we heard each of these lines so many times that it just became amusing in a absurd way.We started with the mozzarella filled plantains which were decent, but a little more on the bland side than I was expecting. I got the fried pork arepa and it was tasty but the fried bits were way too crunchy (consult with your dentist before proceeding).  I think next time I would order a different one, as everyone else at my table was raving about theirs. Overall the food tasted very fresh. Keep in mind that the arepas are not very big, if you have an appetite you could easily eat two of them.The waitstaff was extremely friendly and checked up on us many times, though was was pretty slow so be prepared for a wait.Overall, I would give them a 3 star but I like that they are bringing something unique to the table, and since they are relatively new I figure there would be some hiccups. I hope to go back once they have gotten a little more established so I can try something new.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,9/29/2013,63,50,5,9,5>What is New Orleans truly about for a non-native? I guess it depends on what stage of transplant-ness you're currently in and what situations brought you here. I'm currently 3.5 years into my non-college-induced move to this city. I've passed through the culture-consumption phase where I went to every festival and parade. I've moved beyond the "Uptown is the only place worth living" and "Metairie/Westbank are worthless" stupidity phases. I believe I've come to a point where I truly appreciate all that New Orleans and it's metro area have to offer, striking a balance between enjoying the culture but not going overboard or getting trapped in tourist or local groupthink. I've had a chance to eat at a majority of all the restaurant establishments and make my own not-based-on-reputation decisions about them. Mother's is terrible. Commander's is as great as everyone says. Cat's Meow CAN be fun. City Park is better than Audubon Park. Kenner is definitely not my favorite place, except for it having Little Chinatown (yum!) and Golden Corral (disgusting glutton yum!).For me, New Orleans is brunch. It's drinking Bloody Mary's. It's listening to live music. It's eating traditional Creole dishes, then eating inventive plays on these dishes. It's the cool architecture, the fun atmosphere, the disparate, quirky, but inviting ambience everywhere you go, and the vastly differing styles of service. It's the classic cocktails, as well as the expanding cocktail scene. It's the beautiful spring and fall weather. It's bread pudding and the NOLA version of shrimp and grits. It's about being relaxed.For me, Atchafalaya is New Orleans, warts and all, and it's why I love everything about it. The place isn't perfect. Your mileage, like with almost any New Orleans restaurant establishment, will probably vary when it comes to service. However, if you're like me and enjoy all, many, or even just a couple of the things that I love about the city, then you will also enjoy your experience here as well.I can't expound enough on how awesome the Bloody Mary bar is. For those who haven't gotten the gist of it from prior reviews, it's a table near the front of the restaurant that has every ingredient you can think of to add to a Bloody Mary, including my personal favorite: bacon! You just order some vodka then bring your glass to the table and load up. You can be as creative or as traditionalist as you like, but the point is that this little piece of personal involvement really adds a lot of fun to your brunch. Of course, the brunch food is also pretty awesome as well. Poached eggs are staples of New Orleans brunch menus and Atchafalaya certainly delivers on their offerings. They have the traditional Eggs Benedict, but I highly recommend two other poached egg dishes: Eggs Rockefeller with it's amazing creamed spinach and packed-with-flavor grit cake or the creative Duck Hash with duck confit, fruit!, and a bacon vinaigrette that I've never tried in any iteration anywhere else yet. And of course, you can't beat fun, upbeat live music to pair with your meal. Again, your mileage may vary depending on who's playing, but I haven't experienced too-loud-for-comfort or any other type of bad music when I've been.Even though the brunch experience itself is awesome enough to warrant a visit, dinner might be even better. The daytime atmosphere is great, but it really takes on a cozy, intimate ambience during dinner service. The building seems like it's literally built from the remnants of an old shotgun double, and while seating can be tight it never feels stuffy because of the high ceilings and windows, which really brighten the place up during the day but help create that perfect balance between cozy and comfortable at night too. In terms of menu items, you must order the Shrimp & Grits as well as the Boudin-Stuffed Quail. The Shrimp & Grits... I just... I thought none could do better than the dishes you get from the Carolinas where I'm from, but the one at Atchafalaya, along with a random one in Pensacola of all places, has really made me question my belief in the supremeness of low-country shrimp and grits. Perfectly creamy, deliciously seasoned shrimp with the perfect hint of spice, very filling portion... I can't praise it enough. The Quail is also a great combination of Creole and Cajun, truly bringing the best of both worlds together. Plus when the sides - collard greens and sweet potato puree - that come with it are pretty fantastic, you truly can't go wrong. End your meal with their different take on Bread Pudding and you will leave a happy diner.Atchafalaya might not be the soul of New Orleans, but it represents a lot of what I love about the city right now. Who knows, maybe a couple more years of experience here will change my views, but for now I'll continue to immensely enjoy everything they have to offer.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,9/28/2013,166,165,3,9,4>A place that truly captures the spirit and magic of New Orleans. The kind of place I take guests to give them a truly authentic experience. Use your rose-colored glasses if you come during the day; it's hard to fall in love with mis-matched lawn furniture. But at night when the tiki torches are lit and the place is buzzing with chatter and live music and the air smells of all sorts of yummy foods - it's hard not to be caught in the spell.  Grab some vino and embrace the moment. Food is cash only. Super annoying but at least there's an ATM. This weekend we had the ahi tuni with watermelon. Amazing. Asian broccoli. Amazing. Ceviche. Amazing. Crab with sweet zucchini bread. Super amazing. For lack of a better word, food was simply amazing. And affordable. This is one of those places that makes me think: gosh I'm so lucky to live in this wonderful city. No one has it better than us!
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,9/27/2013,147,473,2,6,2>Frozen in time. Which is perfect sometimes. For those times that you want veal parm or a greasy pepperoni pizza, each with too much cheese, with a cold beer in a noisy room, then this might just be your place. Its certainly the sort of place that use to be more common - even rampant - in New Orleans.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,9/26/2013,84,153,4,8,5>I absolutely love a good breakfast, i can eat it any time of the day. Woke up this morning unable to drive myself somewhere for food because my car is in the shop, had the biggest urge for breakfast and although i am walking distance from Ruby Slipper, i wanted something different. Discovered this little gem, and it turned out to be an enlightening experience. What did it for me was that this place delivered. What a perfect solution to my ail! Ordered the pancrepes with sausage and a queso burrito. Didn't quite think the pancrepes alone would be enough which is why i added the burrito, but i am typing this review as my burrito sits in the bag. The pancrepes came with scrambled eggs and your choice of bacon or sausage. It tasted like a real home-made breakfast, it really hit the spot. Delivery was fast and on point, food was still piping hot and got here in about half the time they said over the phone. Glad i discovered this place, definitely my go-to breakfast joint when i'm feeling lazy/hungover :)
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,9/25/2013,97,145,3,9,10>I love going to Corks N Canvas classes! I've gone several times in the past year with friends of mine and always have a great experience.  You come in and they have your group all sitting together and you can bring your own wine and drink during the class.  They have extra cups and corks screws just in case you forget yours, too! The classes are very very simple.  They have your palate of colors already sitting at your station with paint brushes so you just grab an apron, sit down, and follow the step by step instructions of the teacher! Everyone paints the same picture and they make it really really easy for you- they're like- take this size brush and dip in this color and go like this on your canvas. You can, of course, use the instructions as merely guidelines if you want to get creative but other than that it's pretty straight forward!! They usually have good jams playing and everyone is just laid back drinking wine and having a good time!Halfway through the class they take like a 15 minute break to let people catch up if they're behind a few steps and to let the paint dry a little before going further.  During this break they raffle off one of the many paintings they have on the wall so you could go home with two lovely works of art! The instructors are very friendly and don't mind helping you if you screw something up.  It's a pretty good time for any occasion!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,3/10/2011,120,120,7,17,13>Centrally located on Jackson Square, Stanley is always on my list of recommendations for out of town visitors. As the sister restaurant to Stella, Stanley is a modern take on a diner, serving breakfast all day, as well as many great choices for lunch. I find that whatever Stanley does, they do it well, with high quality ingredients and flawless execution. My favorite item on the menu is a brunch dish, Eggs Stanley- essentially eggs benedict with perfectly poached eggs and perfect hollandaise sauce, accompanied by perfectly fried oysters. You can never go wrong with Stanley's burger, The Big Stanley. It is my goal to someday eat Stanley's pancakes, which are served with house made vanilla ice cream AND Louisiana cane syrup (how decadent!). If you are in the French Quarter and you are in looking for options for breakfast, casual brunch, or lunch, check out Stanley.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/25/2010,3/9/2011,157,66,6,9,8>From being featured on the travel channel and Food Network, and winning the much coveted James Beard Award, much praise and recognition surrounds Willie Mae's. All of it well deserved, of course. The fried chicken is really good as are the many accompaniments, from red bean and rice, to the delicious corn bread.However, being in the south, you'd be hard pressed to find many families that don't have a delicious fried chicken recipe. It's ingrained in our culture. So, I'm not easily impressed by good fried chicken. In my mind, ALL fried chicken should be good fried chicken.I only make it out there when friends from out of town want to check it out after hearing about it or seeing it on television. Like I said, good fried chicken.They must be doing something right because there is nearly always a line around the corner at lunch time, even in the dead of summer and winter. Good for them! Just know that you won't catch me standing in that line.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,3/7/2011,68,31,,4,3>I debated on giving Juan's a 3-star or 4-star review because my experiences have varied. I'll go with 4 stars, since that is what I would give it the last time I ate there. Juan's in Mid City is very popular, and as a result, very busy. Wait times can vary, so be prepared for that. The staff moves quickly to clear tables as soon as one opens up, and they do their best to accommodate large groups. The chips and salsa and beef nachos are both great starts to the meal. Warning: The nachos are huge, so you risk filling up on them if there are only a couple of people in your party. My favorite thing to order is the pork and slaw tacos. Tender, juicy pork meat combined with a tart and spicy slaw and cheese makes for a tasty meal. In the past, I've ordered the veggie punk, and this is probably my second favorite thing on the menu. I remember the first time I ordered from Juan's (many years ago, at the Magazine Street location), and I was shocked to find potatoes as an option for burritos. I had to try it, and was pleasantly surprised at just how good it was.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,3/5/2011,526,986,6,9,9>I love the Bulldog, because of their vast beer selection and pretty good food.The Bulldog mid city is not my regular "home base", but it does have it's high points.  It's bigger than the Uptown location, which I know that some people would prefer.  It's much better for bigger groups, because if you have a big group at the other Bulldog, you pretty much have to either get there early and get a table or sit on the patio.This Bulldog has a really nice patio area.  I like the way it's decorated with the lanterns and the lights.  This venue has more of a "lounge" feel to it.  It's definitely a different vibe than the other one.I'm giving it 4 stars, only because my personal preference is a place that is a little more intimate, but that's just personal opinion.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,3/4/2011,148,326,5,7,7>Domilise's is a New Orleans po'boy institution. The women behind the counter are pumping out those sandwiches as fast as they can, so wait your turn in line and don't complain about the wait. Everyone else in front of you in line knows how the good the sandwich is and they are willing to wait, so you should too. The shrimp po'boy is one of, if not the best, in the city. The bread, the spicy mayo, and the size of those golden fried shrimp make it a winner. Domilise's is a little pricey for a sandwich, but they know they can be. Did you see that line out the door? Damn skippy- they can charge a little more. I've had the shrimp and the roast beef with gravy. Good stuff. I recommend this place for people that want a good po'boy but are patient. It may take awhile, but the result is true yumminess. I suggest taking it to go, grab a beer and enjoy in a beautiful setting like on top of the levee or in front of a newly tapped mini keg of NOLA beer. Ah, what a beautiful sight.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,3/3/2011,23,40,2,6,4>Note: This is basically the same review from Parasol's (being the same food, same cooks, and lots of the same patrons), but with some changes.One Star - Atmosphere. Classic dive bar, but not the faux-dive bars created down in the Quarter. Two Stars - Good service, also I can't wait for their infamous St. Patrick's Day party. I look forward to making this a neighborhood haunt. Three Stars - Decently priced drinks.Four Stars - Probably the best poboy I have had yet in New Orleans. Great food. Gourmet magazine named their Roast Beef Poboy the best roast beef sandwich ever... I have to agree.Five Stars - The move from the old location was actually a huge upgrade for the business. The additional kitchen, bar, and dining space really brings a lot of life to the place. The extra space really makes it a place you want to hang out in and enjoy a couple of drinks with friends. Also, I had a soft shell crab po boy.... excellent. Excellent. Love this place.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2010,3/2/2011,24,16,3,9,5>I've watched the last few Asian restaurants in this location flounder and fail, but I have faith that Jung's will avoid that pitfall. I finally ate there about two weeks ago. And I went again last night. I ate tofu and vegetable dishes both times, and was mightly pleased. The veges are all fresh and delicious; the tofu is clearly fresh and seriously some of the best restaurant tofu I've had. (And I've had lots.) I'd recommend the tofu/vege hot pot over the home style, but they're both quite tasty. The homestyle sauce is just a little sweeter.The boyfirend has had pork and chicken dishes, and was pleased with both. When they have fresh dumplings, try them. MMMMMM.....The cold noodle salad is HUGE, and can easily be a shared appetizer. The vegetable rolls were a step up from most, but were as expected (not a bad thing). My first visit, the fortune cookies were stale; this time they were not. And I know this has nothing to do with Jung's, but WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO THE FORTUNES? I want a real fortune, not some lame ass advice. Anyway. Again, that's not Jung's fault. But it still pisses me off. You know, in general.Ambiance: fine. It could never be anything but an Asian restaurant of some sort, but that's cool. EAT HERE. Support this lovely family and their yummy food.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,3/1/2011,26,62,,14,8>The Bayou Bar has a storied history. Located on the first floor of the Pontchartrain Hotel on St. Charles Ave., the Bayou Bar was once the watering hole for such legends as Frank Sinatra and Frankie Lane. Now, the bar has been reopened and restored. I live around the corner, so I just had to try it out.The bar area isn't actually very large, but it's very well-appointed. Swamp murals adorn the walls and pillars. They had a very interesting cocktail menu, but I stuck with the house wine. It was very good, and the staff was about as attentive and friendly as I've ever found in New Orleans. I was hungry, but wasn't sure if they had a kitchen. I was told that they are now serving small plates starting at 7pm, with piano starting at 8pm. The menu is small, but the options are good. I first ordered the barbecue shrimp sandwich, which was fantastic. The shrimp were fresh, and the sauce was superb. My wife later joined me and we ordered the Italian cheese fries, the pepperoni pizza and the open-faced beef debris sandwich.  The pizza was good, but not great, but the cheese fries and the debris sandwich were excellent. All in all, it was a very enjoyable experience. I will certainly be returning to the Bayou Bar.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,2/28/2011,251,35,2,6,6>I'm not often in the Lakeview area, but when I heard about a new pizza place that also had gelato, I had to try it. I got my people together who regularly come to my pizzaclub outings to come try the place out. We had a large number of people there, and they handled everything with great service. The pizzas were large and they aren't shy with the toppings. The crust is thin and chewy, which I like, and there are more options than just red sauce, which is what I look for in pizza options. They have bbq, garlic-infused olive oil, and alfredo based sauces. The menu is very extensive, with salads, wraps, calzones, sandwiches too.The pizzas represented were: veggie, meatball, the fleur de lis (bacon!), bbq chicken and they were all flavorful and toppings were abundant.Bonus - they are super responsive on Twitter. They asked what time we were coming, and we basically made our reservation that way, AND they made the Ponchatoula Strawberry gelato especially for me that day since I mentioned that I was interested in it. The gelato is definitely worth getting. It's super creamy, not too sweet, and it tasted full on like a strawberry. I honestly ate more gelato in that one sitting than I ever have before. I also took a pint home with me. Customer service was great, the owner came out, since he had heard about our #pizzaclub and chatted with us and got to know us. We will definitely put PizzaNola on our pizza club route. The gelato place will be a stand alone operation soon to open on Metairie Rd. - definitely keep an eye open for this place too.I know a lot of people moving back to Lakeview, and this is a great addition. Also, at the mo' they are byob as they wait for their liquor license, but they are well prepared with wine keys, and even brought out a cooler for the all the beer our party brought. Lots of thanks from the rowdy #pizzaclub bunch!
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,2/27/2011,38,31,3,4,3>I'm still torn about the best bowl of Pho in the New Orleans Metropolitan area, there are a lot to choose from. But the offerings at Tan Dinh are greater than just Pho, and for that reason, it must not be overlooked. The Pho is heavy on the anise, not greasy, fresh, and rather proportionate. Some Pho spots capitalize on up-charging you for extra meat, others just do their best to nail it, like Tan Dinh. The staff here is amazing, and with a little help, you can find yourself with a backstage pass to the wonders of Vietnamese dining. I'm sort of a  sucker for any dining experience that comes with an array of sauces, and Tan Dinh does this just right. I had one experience that yielded over a half dozen small bowls with varying accompaniments and instructions on how and when to apply them based on my order. This made me happy.Steamed coconut buns, grilled spare ribs, the quail, lemongrass tofu, chicken wings, banh mi (a great offer especially w/take out orders... think banh mi party!). The menu is huge and full of variety. Also, they have awesome t-shirts here, "You wanna Pho?" Had to buy one. This place is amongst the best. Still a lot more to try, and I'm not saying the Pho here is the best in town, but the variety, the staff, the dedication to the cuisine and of course the sauces make me a repeat customer.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,1/4/2014,84,153,3,7,4>This place came recommended by two good friends of mine who's taste in food is highly trusted by me. After weeks of it being in my bookmarks, i finally made my way down to Broad and Bienville for one of those world famous grilled chicken sandwiches. The wait was brief, but the goods were every bit of goodness! I ordered the whole because i was told it could serve as two meals (depending on how hungry you are, you could probably do it all in one sitting). It's been a couple weeks since my first visit but as i'm revisiting this place and my experience in my head, i think it's time for another stop in. Saints game is on tho, it'll have to wait until halftime :) #WhoDat!
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,1/3/2014,82,98,8,10,7>Don't let its ex-Shoney's status deter you--Legacy Kitchen is a gem. Bookmark it. Try it. The food is delicious, the staff are knowledgeable and provide service which rivals any other fine dining in the city, and the atmosphere feels fancy while still being comfortable. My fiancé is a ceviche snobface, and he goes "Holy crap, this is some good quality fish."  And it was! Chicken & Waffles are trending right now, but LK's Chicken & Waffles definitely kick those other ones' butts. Belgian waffle with bacon INSIDE the waffle, plus pepper jelly maple syrup and perfectly crispy fried chicken strips. It was hard to stop eating, even past the point of stuffed.The Club Sandwich is also amazebllz. The multigrain bread really makes it unlike any old club sandwich, and the shoestring fries are perfect. I can't wait to come back here and try everything else. As for that crabby reviewer below who gave 2 stars when she didn't even eat here and only had "a alcoholic tea drink"...you should be ashamed a yaself.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,1/2/2014,41,249,5,8,6>I turned to Yelp in search of a Monte Christo and Café Soulé was one of the few places that came up. So, when it came time to celebrate my 40th birthday, I told my boyfriend that I wanted to check them out for lunch. So, the day came and off we went.It was a rainy, dreary day in the Quarter, which meant they were not busy at all (and also meant that there was a nice break from the oppressive heat of summer.) I was immediately smitten by the French cafe feel of the place and we chose a table where we could watch the world go by outside the big open doors along the front of the building. Swoon.We started off the meal with an order of Crawfish Pie and a bottle of champagne. This Crawfish Pie was unlike any I'd ever had. And, quite possibly the best rendition to pass my lips. C'est très bon.For our entrees I, of course, went for the aforementioned Monte Christo and my honey had a French Dip. Both were spectacular and both came with a huge mound of perfectly crisp pommes frites (aka french fries.) We also popped bottle number two of bubbly.After we finished eating and were lazily sipping on the last of the champagne, our server came out with a special dessert with a candle. I promptly wished that we could all win the PowerBall, blew out my candle and we dove in. It was a divine combination of beignets, strawberries, bananas and whipped cream. And it totally made my day.From the second I walked in the door at Café Soulé until the time I left, I felt like I was the most important customer of the day. Our waitress absolutely doted on us. The chef came out to make sure we enjoyed our dessert. We were even stopped by a couple of cooks who were outside when we left to make sure we enjoyed our meal. Like I said, I am totally smitten by Café Soulé and am already looking forward to going back. Now that I've had the illustrious Monte Christo, I'm ready to try out their breakfast. Or, as they say at Café Soulé, le petit déjeuner. Thank you so much to everyone who was working that day for helping me to have such a perfect birthday meal. It set the tone for one of the best days ever.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,1/1/2014,166,165,7,8,6>Why you should check this place out for brunch:- No wait time (sshhh no one seems to know about this place yet!)- Outdoor seating available, albeit it's on Lee's Circle so it's not exactly scenic- Live music (both times I've been were on Sundays)- Very reasonably priced food. The lamb burger was the bomb-diggity! Shrimp and grits were also delish. But the heart of this establishment is the: BLOODY MARY BAR! (Cue the band, confetti explosion and pop some champs!) The best make-your-own bloody bar in the city, IMO. Yes, it's better than the one at Atchafalya. $7 for a single or $15 bottomless (and you can ask for one to go, God I love this city). They don't skimp on the booze (choice of vodka, gin and tequila), there's just enough room to splash some mix on top. Lemon and lime juice as well as fresh wedges available. Like it hot? Chili pepper flakes, cayenne, horseradish and siracha. A bunch of other seasoning is provided in cute little jars. To top it all off, lots of wonderful pickled goodies (watermelon rind (my fave), okra, green beans, jalepenos, etc), pepperjack and cheddar cheese cubes, sausage AND BACON! And they restock consistently so you never have to fear that bacon will be gone. Annnddd you're welcome.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,12/31/2013,214,152,1,11,8>I have been in this shop at least 20 times over the last year, working on a very large and detailed piece. Henry Rhodes is such a joy to work with, and is a dedicated and detail-oriented dude. I am so happy with the work I have already, and can't wait for it to be done (So I can start another one)!I actually look forward to my appointments and enjoy being in the shop around all the awesome employees. I uploaded some photos from my phone to show the progress (you may see a butt). The colors and shading are unreal, and people flip out when they see it. Hell, I still freak out and stare at it.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,12/30/2013,15,123,,7,3>This is kind of an oasis because it reminded me of one of those neighborhood hole in the wall type seafood places on the southshore. I don't know of many of these places on the northshore. You walk in and the decor strikes you as Dollar Tree chic, but you're not there for their wall decorations. My wife and I ordered gumbo with potato salad (trust me, this is how it's done down the bayou) to start. The potato salad is very onion/celery, which is different from what i'm used to. It's different in a good way though. The seafood gumbo had a darker roux than I've seen for seafood, and the shrimp were a good size. We had shrimp po-boys for the entree, and I thought they were good. They used Roma tomatos it looked like, which I thought was creative, but i would have liked more on mine. The shrimp were good sized and fried well. Compared to other shrimp po-boys I've had, I would have liked the batter to be seasoned, but not every place does that. We both enjoyed our meals though, and will definitely be back.The weird thing was we were the only ones when we got there about 5:30 pm. I think they might close at 7:30 during the week, or maybe it's the location, but it's definitely not the food. I'm not privy to other fried seafood type places in the area, except for Acme, so if you're looking for that laid back vibe, J&J's will fit the bill.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,12/29/2013,47,159,1,6,7>It is a landmark in a charming location. Last Friday, I rode my bike on the Trace from Covington to Abita, had breakfast here, and rode back.It was a lovely Fall morning and the sweet waitress served me outside, per my request and, despite being busy, refilled my coffee twice, so the service was very good. The a la carte is a good deal. I got one egg, a grilled biscuit, and a order of bacon. The bacon was excellent. It was crispy without being at all burnt and I could taste the apple smokiness of it.  The grilled biscuit was good, too.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,12/28/2013,23,436,,7,3>It had been a number of years since I'd eaten at August (although I've sent a few out-of-town friends in the past years and most loved it while one didn't) but I ended up with a perfect opportunity after being there to pour a friend's wine at a trade tasting during Restaurant Week.  Perfect timing.  I have to say once again that August is excellent, not only the food but especially the service which you just don't get anywhere else in NOLA.  Not the old school places, not Commanders, not the new school places - August is fine dining at it's best.  If you're wearing black, they swap out your napkin from white to black before you sit down without you even noticing.  Water glasses, never remotely close to empty.  Silverware, collected after every course and then replaced with the perfect utensils for the next course.  Servers, completely knowledgeable about not only every dish but also cocktails and wine for pairing.  Bartenders and Sommelier Erin White, simply awesome.Now to the food.  Bread & butter to start the meal is delicious, with some of the best butter you'll ever taste.  Seriously.  Then an amuse bouche, different all the time but a perfect bite packed with flavor.  Squash capaletti with a rich oxtail & bone marrow sauce, wow.  My wife wouldn't let a drop of the sauce be sent back to the kitchen so the bread once again came in handy.  Signature gnocchi with crab and black truffle, pretty darn awesome.  Really everything is refined and just about perfectly executed - not all plates have huge flavor (by design) but if you're looking for smaller portions of excellent food this is your place.  Even the mignardises to finish the meal are excellent - including a perfect mini-macaron which my wife loved (and she's obsessed with macarons, including a past business in Chicago voted best macarons in the city).  Trust me, you will have plenty of food to make you full over a multi-course meal and I'll take quality over quantity any time.  If massive portions are required to make you happy, there are plenty of other options in NOLA I guarantee.Now the key to take a very good meal and make sure it's an extraordinary experience is pairing of drinks with your dinner.  The wine list is large and includes some astounding wines - with prices to match of course.  But there are also some great options at a more reasonable price point and the glass pours are extremely good.  Start with a cocktail (outstanding Pimms Cup, and really everything is great) and then either get a bottle of wine or some glass pours to match each course.  Your server or sommelier will provide you with great recommendations and the pairings will be beautiful.  About the only other place that I would recommend as highly for beverage pairings would be Momofuku Ko in NYC (mind blowing, but also $95) and trust me that you won't go wrong at August and the wines will elevate your meal just as wine is meant to do.  Just about perfect. (FYI if you have some great Burgundy or aged wine at home, you can bring it in with $0 corkage. True.)An added bonus to August is a huge number of vegetarian options including an entire tasting menu.  I don't tend toward those dishes often myself but for our vegetarian friends we all know how difficult it is to find a restaurant that actually cares enough to do more than put a couple average side dishes on a plate and call it a meal.  Restaurant August attempts to think of everything, which is hard to pull off but extremely nice when it's done perfectly.  Definitely check it out if you appreciate fine dining - and for those on a budget look for prix fixe menus such as Restaurant Week which makes the bill much smaller and allows a splurge on wine.  :)
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/27/2013,51,274,,12,6>I love the LA-SPCA.  The staff here have to deal with the best and the worst in people.  I've been there when someone was joyfully adopting a new pet, and I've been there when someone dropped off their 8 year old dog that they raised from puppy hood and was now just an "inconvenience" that they wanted out of the house.  The SPCA often does promotions for adoptions, that decrease adoption prices for some of the pets.  They are also incredibly helpful with finding lost pets.  If you adopt a new pet, they include a folder of paperwork with tips and tricks for potty-training, removing common plants that are poisonous, avoiding sharing poisonous foods, etc.It is unfortunate that there are so many animals rolling in that they can only hold strays for three days now.  I wish they were better funded - but you can help!  Just check out their events and eat at one of the listed restaurants or even donate money online!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,12/25/2013,97,145,2,11,8>Just visited District Donuts for their soft opening today and boy was it worth the wait! I live in the area and have been counting down the days until I could test out Magazine's latest hotspot. The name says it all, they have craft donuts, gourmet sliders and coffee, and even milk on tap.  It's open from early morning to late at night serving all sorts of delicious, non-diet concoctions.I was really impressed with this restaurant.  It is family-friendly but still BYOB and they have an instant chilling machine if you want to go next door to Stein's (since they can sell but you can't consume on site) and pick up some of their awesome beer and bring it back to the District.  You order at the front counter then sit where ever you like.  They have that trendy "Eddison" style lighting, wooden bench booths and a bar to sit at.  It looks like they may even have a patio in the back but I didn't get that far to check it out. My boyfriend and I tried the cheeseburger slider, the pork belly slider, the fried chicken slider, the waffle fries with cheese sauce on top, the lemon meringue donut, the chocolate sauce donut, and coffee.  We also probably gained five pounds in happy fat each as well! Haha! Totally delish, though.  I think our favorite was the cheeseburger slider.  It had some sort of homemade sweet pickles and this cheese that was melt-in-your-mouth good.  The fries with the sauce is also a must- I liked that the cheese sauce wasn't just, like, melted cheese but an actual creamy sauce. Way to go, District.The food is good. Ambiance was good.  Hours are good. Service was great.  Oh, and our entire order was under $25.  I'm pretty sure they're going to put Charcoal out of business.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,8/2/2014,40,90,2,5,4>One of my favorite sandwich place in NOLA and I can't wait to be back.  This is an order-at-the-counter place and the staff are super friendly and point out their latest cocktails and specials. I had the chicken Dijon and my friend had the Porchetta (pork belly). The porchetta is one of their most popular according to the woman who took our order at the counter and I will be getting that the next time. Also, amazing homemade habanero sauce on every table that goes with the chips.  I'm pretty sure you can buy a bottle (I would like a whole crate of it)In addition, the ambiance here is great. Not like other places in NOLA that have spectacular food but a run down look. Wayfare has fantastic food and a very modern trendy feel.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,8/1/2014,137,144,3,8,4>THIS IS THE BEST BANANAS FOSTER PAIN PERDU YOU WILL EVER EAT. Breakfast is always a conundrum for me: I wake up hungry and associate hunger with sustenance. Savory seems the most logical but how do I fit in my want for that decadent maple syrup? For fresh fruit? If you're here and you find yourself in the same pickle, please find a way to overcome. I suggest you share with the table, but good luck.The most amazing bread concoction aside, their other breakfast treats are also quite delightful. The croque madame is huge, as are most of their dishes. While my friends and I didn't care for the bbq shrimp and grits, it's not because it wasn't prepared wonderfully; the beer base and smoky flavor just wasn't our thing. OH and! Their staff is incredible. Every time I've been in here they've been utterly kind. A friend recently visited and upon leaving her purse was hunted down four blocks to get it back to her. When the server realized we opted not to eat the previously mentioned shrimp and grits, it was comped and the manager came to talk to us directly. During Mardi Gras, we had our name and number down for a table and despite not answering my phone (did I mention it was Mardi Gras..?), they still saved our spot when we returned from our stroll. Just the most considerate. I adore this spot.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,7/31/2014,12,113,4,10,3>I've eaten here twice and will be back to work my way through the menu.  Classic New Orleans look, lots of curb appeal (which you can enjoy while looking for parking).  Comfortable, clean environment.  Large open area, large windows, lots of natural light, nice furniture.   Someone did a tasteful quality renovation (although the overpaint needs to be scraped from the outside of the windows). The dining room probably seats 60 - 70 people.  I've never been here when there was more than maybe 15 people.   Lots of choices to sit - there is family seating, bar seating and a couple of small tables.  There is also porch and patio seating.  Service works the same as Wayfare.  Walk in, stand in front of chalkboard menu and figure out what you want.  Not so easy because it is a large, interesting, eclectic menu, lots of things you won't see anyplace else. When you have narrowed it down to three or four choices, place your order at the bar and watch it get processed with the state of the art zipline POS system.  Find a seat and wait for your food to be delivered.  Don't forget drinks - there is a large selection of very reasonably priced beers.This is definitely not Subway.How is the food you ask?  Everything is high quality and loaded with calories - but only those healthy calories.  Tasty interpretation of a Cuban, fried lobster  and fried chicken was really good.  Didn't really care for the Chicken salad.  As noted in other reviews - good fries.I forgot to mention it on my profile,  I'm a self proclaimed deviled egg connoisseur.  Its a burden, but I take my responsibilities seriously.  Deviled eggs don't show up on a menu very often before but regardless, the crab laced eggs at Sammich might be the best I have ever had - great taste, great texture  Until someone points me to a better rendition, I am formally declaring this the best deviled egg in New Orleans.One big problem, if you order the eggs and the fries, no way are you going to finish the sandwich.Two things annoy me about the ordering process - it is a pain to get a second round of drinks (which I guess is true anytime you pay upfront for food) and the point-of-sale tip shakedown.  I am more than willing to tip, I would like to do it after I experience the food and service.  Just charge me more for the food and eliminate the tip. Speaking of price - figure $50 for two including drinks and tip.  As I noted above, this is not Subway.... it's way better and a great value.  I'll be back
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/30/2014,72,112,2,8,6>What a beautiful place the American Aquatic Gardens are. I could have spent the entire afternoon there if I didn't have so much to do that day. It was quite crowded, but I'm owing that to the fact that it was the day before Easter and lots of people were in town. Like me, there were probably lots of people buying Easter gifts, seems like plants and garden decorations are perfect gifts for the spring time holiday. The water lilies are gorgeous, the color selections are fantastic. The variety of water fountains is enormous, great price range too. There is something for every budget. The people who work there are super helpful and sweet. Lots if pretty sparkly things for your garden. I brought my 6 year old son and he had a blast. He loved looking for the fish in the ponds, it was great for him and me, he even found this cute little lizard to hang on the fence that he just had to have. He was welcome by the people working there, I'm really sorry for the Yelper who had a bad experience bringing her child there, but mine was great, will go back because he liked it so much. He's my little nature lover.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/29/2014,66,87,7,7,6>You gotta love a bar that doesn't close. And then it's got a bathroom theme. I have a nice, chill, laid back time every time i visit the John and when you think about it.... Shouldn't every visit to the john be enjoyable? My friends seem to like the golden toilets though i prefer to sit at the bar. I think my favorite thing about this place (aside from the low cost and the heavy pouring) is that they're open when i get off work. Whenever i get off work. In their defense, I've never been to a dive bar with an acceptably clean restroom. This is a thing I've unfortunately come to terms with as part of the dive bar experience. Is not ok, but is the way it happens. Anywho. They're just far enough off the beaten path that you can't really ask people on the street if you're walking in the right direction. 3 different ppl directed us to bathrooms in other bars. We managed to make it anyway.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,7/28/2014,118,98,1,12,6>I recently treated myself to tickets at the Saenger Theater to see Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds!I was not only excited to see this show that has been on my wish list for YEARS, but I was really excited to see the Saenger for the first time since its reopening after Hurricane Katrina.Words can't do it justice for how beautiful she is.  The Saenger is an important part of New Orleans, and it warmed my heart to see her back in all her glory.  The renovations were amazing.  From the art ceilings and walls, to the twinkling stars (lights) above, the attention to detail was amazing.Those lucky patrons holding Grand Suite and Club Suite seats also have access to a pretty lounge area with private bathrooms and a private bar.All of the volunteers that I came in contact with were friendly and helpful.  The lines at the bars moved at a good pace, and there are so many of them, that I never found myself waiting for long.I had the pleasure recently of training to be a volunteer usher at the theater.  I'm excited about spending more time there, and also being a do-gooder at the same time.  The first show I'll work is Beauty and the Beast!Oh, and the acoustics?  The sound in there was perfect!    It was the perfect setting for some Dave and Tim acoustic action.Do yourself a favor and get yourself to the Saenger for a show.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,7/27/2014,117,201,7,11,8>Bottom line, hands down, end of story... this place in my humble opinion is THE BEST BBQ on the Westbank.  Period.  Only second in the Nola area to The Joint and then Squeal in 3rd place.  Yes, its a starting dream business by a couple of charter boat fisherman that were tired of being broke in the off season, as was told to me by one of the owners, Bobby.   They gave it a shot, hired some super awesome staff and here we are.  The best damn BBQ on the Westbank.  So with it being a start up, the seating is outdoors only. So its not always ideal when like recently super cold or sometimes rainy, but you know what?....its totally worth it.  As a matter of fact, I am not sure they should change anything.  It is what it is.  In the beauty of its simplicity, the guys are able to focus on the food.  I heard that they begin smoking the brisket and pork at 5:30 pm the day before.  And start dark and early in the morning every day to handle up on the meat.  Man...it certainly taste fantastic!The mac and cheese and the beans that comes as a side with the plates is also a hero in their own rights.  Both I gobble up with no effort.  You see it in the before after pics I posted.  On occasion they have different sausages too.  The daily special changes so definitely pay attention to the chalk boards.Bobby has also mentioned to me that they are starting to do catering as well. At the moment , mostly at the plants and refineries in the area with huge orders, but give him a call. He is extremely friendly and has an incredible passion you can see when he talks about the business and the quality of the BBQ coming out of this very humble shack.They take credit cards too.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/26/2014,157,66,5,8,3>Ok. I have't yelped in a year. But I'm trying to get back into it, and if any place deserves to be the first review upon my return, it's Oxalis.Now, I'm not one to get all excited about the trendy places that keep popping up in the Bywater. Some are good, some are ok, but few are actually on top of my mind whenever I think about places to go. In a few short weeks of opening, this place caught my eye. Or should I say tongue? Taste buds? ...You get the point.It has only been open for a few weeks and I have already been there twice. I first went there opening week for a friend's birthday. There were about 10-12 of us and I must admit we can be quite the demanding bunch. We are probably the biggest group of food and drink critics that I know. The service was impeccable, the food was delightful, the drinks were damn near perfect.The second time I went, I brought a friend of mine there (the very next week). Again, great service, food, and drinks!The menu consists of about 5 pages of cocktails, whiskeys, and bourbons, and one menu of food. Pretty much the perfect proportion of a menu.The menu has a little bit of everything, and we tried it all. I hear the burger was good. The frites with two sauces were amazing! There was popcorn and salads and much more that I can't remember right now because mostly, my life was forever changed by the American wings. Smoked chicken wings that are then fried and topped with... well, I don't really know... just lots of goodness. These wings will have you proud to be an American.As far as cocktails, I tried a few and they were all good, but my favorite was the Acadiana Yacht Club. Can't remember what's in it. But, it was delicious. Also, check out their menus of whiskey and bourbon. A great selection!The prices for both food and drink were amazing. We all know how those new, trendy places can be. Tiny food for big bucks. But not this place. Even the cheese plates were so much more affordable that other places in the city.The atmosphere is both romantic and comfortable at the same time. Whatever night you are looking to have, somehow, this place can accommodate it. It's inviting to those who may just want to sit at the bar alone, grab one of the cute tables with a friend or two, or grab the large table for a bigger group of friends.There's a cute courtyard too that I hope to frequent once it gets a bit warmer.All in all, Oxalis is my new favorite place. And, if you know me, that says a lot! It leaps miles above that place across the street.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,7/25/2014,218,209,6,12,7>Oooh la la....Is it horrible that I have been to this place TOO many times since opening?  I'm lovin it..wait that's Mc Donalds!!! Anyways, back to my review I have a major food crush on the cobb salad with romaine. Tried the honey mustard and ranch dressing. My most memorable lunches have been with the honey mustard, that's my beauitch. The chicken wrap was impressive, but the salad is my main lunch date. Seating is limited get there early. I will venture out to one of the other salad dressings, but right now I am too vulnerable with this new build your own salad craze. At the end of the day, it's fresh , healthy and quick. All perfect elements for my 60 minute lunch experience.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,7/24/2014,58,224,2,13,4>How it took me 3 years to go to this little gem is beyond me. Yea, so the neighborhood isn't all that great but it's the perfect place to go on a Saturday or Sunday mid-morning for a little grocery trip.  First they offer a box which includes a select list of groceries (listed on their website) for 25$ which is more than reasonable. I received oranges, tangelos, shitake mushrooms, beets, turnups, cabbage, herbs and pecans. It was a lot of healthy food for a reasonable price and I felt good about myself because I'm supporting a local farm. I agree with Morgan too, this isn't just a place for hippies, tree huggers, hipsters or vegan crazed maniacs, its a place for the masses with a small amount of adventure. I'll definitely be back again soon, real soon.
