<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2010,3/28/2011,376,293,14,18,14>Relatively speaking, for San Diego standards, this is as good as it gets for Bun Bo Hue, my friends.Yes, growing up in OC has spoiled my palate for deliciously authentic asian cuisine.  I've been disappointed many times in SD, but today, I was content with the bowl of noodles presented before me and will definitely be coming back for more!!At $6 a bowl, it won't put a hole in your wallet either.  Parking was a disaster so I suggest maybe finding street parking rather then entrapping yourself in the narrow lot.  They also have rice dishes and banh beo at about the same, very reasonable prices.For those of you unfamiliar with Bun Bo Hue, it's a red, spicy vermicelli soup with a more robust flavor than its mellow cousin pho.  Come hither and see for yourself!  Tip:  For my non-asian friends, it's sort of an acquired taste, but worth a try!  Order it without the tendons (chewy clear things), coagulated pork blood (brown gelatin cubes), and pork calf (dinosaur bone) so it looks a bit more "normal".  :o)
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2010,3/27/2011,414,404,10,14,13>There's something about all you can eat sushi and all you can eat establishments that just sucks me in.  Usually it's the fact that I can get completely stuffed for one low low price.  This time it was because we were celebrating my old apt mate's bachelor party.The skinny:8 people @ $26 per person4 people per order sheetEat at the Sushi bar to get the AYCEThe fat:Our group of 4 ate over 50 orders of Nigiri + 4 rolls + 2 hand rolls + 2 Agedashi tofu + 3 bowls of miso soupHad it been normal price, our $100 for 4 of us would have cost $2862 orders per person limit for Ama-Ebi2 orders per person limit for UniSalmon was by far the best as in melt in your moth good.Large Sake + Large beer for $10The okay:They served the Uni/Sweet Shrimp/Oyster/Scallop Nigiri last so it wasn't really enjoyable. They say they'll charge you for all the uneaten food including rice (We didn't test this)The hand rolls are great but too fillingIt's by far my favorite place in SD to eat AYCE sushi.  Now I just have to get the lady friend to try it out.  Also, word of advice, make a reservation.  We had the luck of watching a group of 7 wait outside b/c we had a reservation.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,3/26/2011,74,74,41,40,43>Of ALL the Mexican food places in Santee,this is the ONLY place my Mom would eat Mexican food from. She's a little picky,   Me? Not so much.She likes to tell people that "Marween will eat anything ,even dirt,if you put salsa or hot sauce on it",  A whole clan of us dined here after Ash Wednesday church service.They were very gracious in accomodating us.  As soon as we were seated, they brought the warm chips and salsa,and drinksGreat salsa..I ordered a small margarita,that was enough for me.  No need to get all plastered,we just came from church. Umm, the margarita was a tad sweet.For our musical pleasure,some random guy was walking around plucking his guitar,singing what he thought was good mariachi music. I had the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans.  Good,not great.Everyone else had fish tacos or fish burritos. I've had them before,and they were okay also.We all had their fried ice cream and that was great.What I was really jonesing for was one of their massive chimichangas,and shredded beef tacos...But since it was Ash Wednesday,no meat for that day.I asked my Mom how many stars she would give,out of 5 stars, she said 5..Confession:  On my way back home,after we dropped them off at their house, I stopped by and got BEEF chimichanga and BEEF tacos to go....F*ckn A,, they were AWESOME!  HELL  4 STARS!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,3/24/2011,489,320,28,32,28>I like to believe that we all have something inside of us called, "THE INNER SEXY" that is just DYING to come out at any moment.I think mine just arrived. ShayShay found her calling !!! Pole Dancing FTW !!! RAWRness to the 100 millionth power!Hehe. Okay..maybe not a career-choice, but I must say that these sassy ladies work their butts off to make pole dancing look HOT, FUN, and EFFORTLESS. KUDOS to them !!!I was a little hesitant taking a class, because I had a terrible first time experience pole dancing (i.e., Yelp event). I was discouraged to say the least. The best I could do was freak the pole. o.O ! I was hoping my second attempt while taking a class would change all that. OOOooooh Weeee !! Ay, caramba!!! It sure did !!!It was a success and even better, it was for a good cause! A portion of the money was donated to the Susan G Komen 3 day walk fund. Thanks to our event planner, (Shout out to Bernadette M.), we were able to reserve the room for one hour, $35/person, and a group of us gals were dressed (preferably in pink) and were provided with 5-inch "stripper" heels !!! OMG! "Are we gonna be dancing in these?" I barely could walk in them! This is gonna be a HOT MESS !It's a fairly decent size room and silver poles are planted throughout the room with a clear view of yourself in the mirror. You can learn a pole dance routine (which we did) or lap dance (which we didn't), or both (maybe next time) They shut all the blinds and well.."whatever happens in the studio, stays in the studio" or so their website claims! I'm sure we have footage from our class floating around somewhere on the internet so technically not so hush hush. =x Our instructor, Jenn was AWESOME and cute !!! She really made us feel at ease and comfortable. Literally all the girls picked up the moves in no time with her easy-to-follow instructions and demos. The moves weren't extremely difficult and after awhile in the heels, youreally do get used to maneuvering yourself around the pole and doing tricks half-way through the class.Like they say, "practice makes perfect" and Jenn made sure everyone had ample time to learn and practice the moves along with "Lady Gaga" playing in the background to pump us up! If Gaga can help me through a marathon race, she can help me through pole dancing! It was a sure sign and I was determined !!! Of course the spins, especially the "chair spin" were the hardest parts to learn, but I am proud to say that I made tremendous progress by the end of the class and managed to make quite a few decent spins with proper form and smoothness. Don't forget the "butt-lift" at the end of the spin. It really adds to the provocativeness! Oy! I will say that the BEST part of the routine was when we learned how to do the body rolls. I'm not one to brag, but I have to admit, I am a "NATURAL" body roller! Even Jenn was impressed! Bahaha! Unfortunately, it takes more than body rolls to pole dance, but I could body roll and grind that pole like no other. Haha!I really did find my "INNER SEXY" !!!  It was an AMAZING experience !!! A great way to have fun with the girls or to celebrate a special occasion or in this case, support a good cause with a little SEXINESS to go with it! RAWRRR to the gals who participated and rocked it! Pole Dancing 101 complete and no HOT MESS to report. Maybe a few more beginner classes then I can step it up to an intermediate level. Until then..I'll keep practicing at home with my imaginary pole. =x
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,3/23/2011,227,758,25,37,28>I've lived in San Diego over 4 years but have never been to one of the community farmers markets. Turns out the new UTC market, located in the Westfield UTC shopping mall parking lot near Cozymel's each Thursday afternoon, was the perfect choice to break my streak.Stopped by yesterday right around opening time at 3PM.  I resent the fact that I had limited minutes to spend at the market, so I focused on distributing my time among just a few tents, which was a challenge:  all the vendors were so incredibly nice, and the temptation to just talk talk talk with them all day long was overwhelming.  Smiles galore.  Samples galore.    BABA FOODS:I love Mediterranean food, so when I noticed the Baba Foods tent I made a beeline right for it.  The 3-layer dip composed of feta, pesto, and sundried tomatoes?  Just do it.  It's their bestseller for a reason.  There are, gosh, probably over a dozen hummus flavors from which to choose in addition to a variety of other Mediterranean salads/dips, pita bread, and pita chips.  And everything at the tent is 3 for $10.  I walked out with a tub of 3-layer dip, a spinach and feta hummus, and a sweet bell pepper hummus.'SHROOM SHACK:Made a brief stop at this tent to inquire about truffles.  The "Mushroom Guy"--I mean that with love; didn't catch his name--was super-friendly and let me know that, nope, no truffles this week.  He did note, however, that he's expecting a shipment from Oregon, and those truffles are expected to be available at the Mission Hills market today.POPPA'S FRESH FISH COMPANY:A glorious experience!  Lots of personality and information at this tent, and for sale yesterday were oysters, several types of fresh-never-frozen sushi grade fish, and tubs of shrimp ceviche.  I scooped up a $5 tub of the delicious ceviche and, like Brian K pointed out in his review, was informed that the ceviche is made fresh on-site from Poppa's seafood combined with veggies and herbs from other market vendors.  So cool, right?BONELLI:Bonelli, where logs of flavorful butters are up for grabs, was my last stop.  I sampled the anchovy, the honey-almond, the rosemary, and the garlic flavors.  Was tempted but declined to buy such a quantity of butter.  I wish there were smaller sizes available for purchase! I'll never find dirt cheap deals (e.g., 10 bunches of lettuce for $1, a flat of strawberries for $4, 20 ears of sweet corn for $1) here like I do back home; however, UTC Farmers Market offers a bounty of items that I likely won't encounter any time soon at a more humble market in Western Pennsylvania.  Oysters, anyone?  How about some truffles?!  Diversity rocks.The UTC Farmers Market is a fantastic thing, and I suggest you check it out ASAP if farmers markets are up your alley.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,3/22/2011,1138,193,14,24,18>GOODY'S SUSHI AND GRILL IS THE TRUTH Shoutout to Goody aka the sushi chef and Mali aka "hostess" I've just recently met the owner this past weekend and told me to check it out. They just recently opened 4 months ago and i'm telling you straight up this is a hidden gem! I have definitely found a good sushi spot where I can get along with the workers as well and enjoy my delicious sushi at the same time! I've went here twice already back to back days! They post daily specials on their facebook everyday so add themfacebook.com/goodys.sushiSince they just opened up be in the mind that they don't have all the fancy stuff hollywood people prefer with nice dining set and flat screen tvs! Just simple sit down spot and enjoy good sushi plain and simple! WHAT TO ORDER:Sushi lovers try out their specials but most importantly their best two dishes is the Bob Marley Roll & the Trinity Roll. First time sushi eaters: I would recommend a safe bet with cruncy roll that is if you like shrimp if your somehow allergic to shrimp try the california roll. If you really don't know what to order ask the sushi chef himself and he can make whatever type of sushi he'll know you like. Good spot to take your significant other on perhaps the best sushi experience.Tip for thought: Before you go buck wild on your soy sauce and wasabi mixture. Try out the sushi the way it is and then add your sushi to your soy sauce for that good tastful deelish feeling! HAPPY HOUR: 5-6pm 5-7pm for Chicken Wangggssss, Soup, and Gyoza Great Customer Service! Good Times & Good Vibes.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,3/21/2011,657,263,11,17,15>Sooo...my latest obsession involves doing some major pimpage to my otherwise simple beach cruiser. Enter Bike Discovery. I am fascinated with retro style beach cruisers and accessories to match so when the hubs took me here, I was like a kid in a candy store! What can I say, I'm reliving my youth =)  I picked up a Nantucket bike basket, Electra bell/suede handlebar tassels, a bullet headlight and some sweet all cream Quick Brick tires. i605.photobucket.com/alb…i605.photobucket.com/alb…Yea, I know I have way too much sh*t on my bike. I am a big fat accessories whore and it just can't be helped.For those on a hunt for a brand new bike,  they offer an amazing selection: mountain, road, track, cruiser and townie bikes...you name it, they've got it. They also offer parts galore so if you are need of sprucing up your bicycle, this is the spot to go to. Service is friendly and very accommodating. One of the cream tires I bought was a bit grimy and they offered to clean it up for me even though I knew inevitably it would end up getting dirty all over again from riding it. Nice.Competitive pricing, knowledgeable staff, great selection and awesome service. What more could you ask for?
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,3/20/2011,280,432,16,13,14>This place took a while to open, and when it did, I wanted to go.  It's just taken me a while.  The irony is that I only live a few blocks away.  I really like their set-up.  It's kid and dog (I guess in some cases, pig) friendly, which is great since a lot of families live in the area.  I like the big open windows, on a nice day, that face Fern Street.  The only drawback is that sometimes the flies come and visit.The menu is simple which I like because sometimes, at other restaurants, there's too much to choose from.  I ordered the cheeseburger with bacon and...TATER TOTS!!!!Randy: Napoleon, give me some of your tots.Napoleon Dynamite: No, go find your own.Randy: Come on, give me some of your tots.Napoleon Dynamite: No, I'm freakin' starving! I didn't get to eat anything today.Randy: [kicks the tots]Napoleon Dynamite: Ugh! Gross! Freakin' idiot! I LOVE THEIR TOTS!  They come out so crispy and I don't share!!!!  The burger was juicy with just the right amount of grease.  For me, the greasier the better...that is what makes a great burger!  The partner didn't fare to well.  He ordered the turkey burger.  The first time he had it, it was perfect.  This time it was charred, and would've sent it back, but he was hungry.  I like their garlic fries too!  They also have a full bar, which I appreciate, and some great beers on tap, which we both appreciate.There were a couple of vegetarians sitting near us, and I think it's great that they offer alternatives for the vegetable peeps, but give me an effin break.  They were the pickiest people I've seen!  So many questions for the server.  I wanted to shout, "Hey, you'd be happier if you'd come to the dark side and be a carnivore."
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2010,3/19/2011,894,543,12,22,17>After filling up on fish tacos from El Pescador my boyfriend wanted to try out this place. Apparently its the #1 "original" ahogada. It's basically a sandwich then drenched with sauce. The cashier was very nice to explain the difference between the sandwiches and we opted to get the #1. The sandwich meat tasted like pulled beef on a french roll then drenched with a tomato sauce. The sauce almost tasted like a marinara but with some mexican spices in it. I had asked her for the mild version, but when I got the sandwich my mouth was already burning after 2 bites. It tasted more like hot. Very messy sandwich so make sure to not wear white when eating and lean over the table so the sauce drips all on the plate. Come back again? Maybe just to try the #2 but I want to make sure it's mild this time. Cash only and for $6.00 a sandwich it's nice to have exact change for the lady.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,3/18/2011,859,450,29,26,27>This is a first. Writing a review of a place while I am actually inside the business in question.I am sitting at a small table, on my laptop, earphones on, listening to Britney Spears (kidding), sipping on their delicious spiced tea late while stealing glances at a really cute guy sitting across from me.I really like Caffe Tazza and not just because I get to inconspicuously scope out the cute guys that come here. It's close, they have good drinks and food....AND they serve beer and alcohol. Wuuuut? Yeah, you heard right. The feel of this cafe is nice too. Although my favorite part is the good quality free Wifi. A girl has to get her facebook and yelp on ;DMy attention has re-focused from the cute guy to a freakin amazon woman who is about 6'4 without heels. I really wish Melly Su was here so I could make her stand near her. She could probably fit in her po'ket.Melissa would probably want to kill me after reading this hahaUm, forget the amazon. Cute guy #2 just walked in./sips tea
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,10/4/2011,393,158,13,15,12>Amazing happy hour. Delicious food. Excellent bottle selection of craft/Belgian/Belgian-style beer. Outstanding value for the type and quality of food, drink, and atmosphere. Short rib panini is absolutely phenomenal. Since short rib is one of my favorite meat dishes and I absolutely love paninis, I had been eager to visit Nine-Ten just to try the short rib panini for quite a while. When we finally came, this sandwich met all expectations and I definitely intend to come back for it again soon. During happy hour this $12 short rib panini is only $6. Highly recommend coming here for a happy hour just to try this sandwich. Paired the short rib panini with a Belgian-style triple - La Fin Du Monde. At $6 for this beer during HH, this was quite a reasonable price; about $1 over retail for the 12 ounce bottle. Panini and first beer were quite filling; however we still wanted to try the lamb meatballs. So my friend and I split that. Again, at half off during HH, the plate of four lamb meatballs covered in pine nuts and tomato sauce was only $4 total. They were delicious. We paired the lamb meatballs with a 750 mL of Estrella Belgian-style wit from Spain. The bottle was only $11 at HH, which again is only about $1 over retail. We split this too.     Bar server was pleasant and attentive. Atmosphere was lovely as well. Side note: Although when we first arrived at about 5:30 PM on a Friday it was a bit too quiet inside, at about 6 PM the bar area became much livelier. Final note: The British taxi cab parked outside, which belongs to the hotel, makes this hotel/restaurant all the more alluring.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,10/3/2011,607,243,22,22,17>I don't give a damn how high gas prices are, but no matter how far you live, you NEED to come out to Rancho San Diego and have one of the BEST (yes, I said BEST) Middle Eastern eats in all of San Diego County. Don't think you're too good to drive east of the 15 into the East County area to do it either. I guarantee that you will sample the highest quality meal at unreal prices. The following are a few of my recommendations: excellently marinated and freshly grilled chicken breast wrapped in pita with their special sauce (omg the SAUCE!) the tabbouli, hummus, diced cucumber salad, fatoosh, falafel, turshi along with the best shish kabobs and shawarma that will satisfy your tastebuds and pocket. Believe it or not, 75% of the menu is actually GOOD for you. It's addictive in a "I-don't-feel-guilty-when-I-stuff-my-face" kinda way. I eat here at least once a week and I don't think I'll get tired of it. EVAR! The fresh salads, fish entrees, and other healthy alternatives makes this eatery a winner.  Plus, they offer KOMBUCHA! BOOM! That alone should intrigue your curiosity. I don't know how Sahara does it, but they do not skimp on quality ingredients, flavor or portions for around $6 a meal (take THAT Subway!). So, instead of spending over $10 an entree elsewhere, spend the money you save on getting your butt over here. Now, get off your high horse and I promise you that you will not be disappointed.PS - They're open late, so timing shouldn't be an issue. Go right meow. kthxbye
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,10/2/2011,1800,266,7,9,11>OMG! Shes baaaaaack!!So I have been missing Yelp dreadfully over this past month or so! My schedule has kept so busy and insane that I have barely had the chance to go out anywhere, much less try somewhere new.But alas, I found time and I found a new love.The two 'roommate' fellas and I were enjoying a long walk around PB/La Jolla when we (mostly me right away) realized we were starving.I decided I was in the mood for a sammy so off we went to find one.Walked past Pita Pit and managed to resist their chicken caesar pita somehow.Walked past all the bars crammed full of crazy football fans.Refused to go to Which Wich because I do not really like that place beyond the chips.Actually walked past Zanzibar and were heading toward Chalkboard Deli (which was strangely closed on our walk out) when we decided to try somewhere new!GOOD CALL!I ordered a turkey club, sans my mortal enemy, avocado. One of my friends ordered a turkey and Brie and the other ordered some sammy with bacon and avocado I think.Our sandiwches came out fairly quickly and this fat girl was thrilled about that for sure.My sandwich was delicous. You could just about put bacon on poop and I would love it but even beyond the bacon, this sandwich was so good. The bread had an amazing texture. The turkey was thick sliced and delicious. Bacon = bomb, of course. I was a little bummed that Id forgotten club sandwiches are made with three slices of bread because Im fairly afraid of carbs. I was even more bummed that I lost all the spicy mayonnaise when I took the middle slice of bread out of my sandwich. /fail. ): Even fat girls have to compromise sometimes I guess...And the side salad that came with it was perfect as well. I loved the light dressing on the top.My friends died over their sandwiches too so that is always a good sign.We finished off with a ricarelli (sp?) cookie which has an almond paste base and is hard on the outside and soft on the inside. AWESOME! Definitely love that too.At $8.95 a sandwich, they were priced good enough for me so I definitely forsee us going back here in the very near future! (:
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,10/1/2011,255,201,7,9,7>I couldn't be happier that Riki sushi finally opened their doors after my terrible experience at the formerly exceptional RK on Washington. The new location is in the heart of North Park, even closer, dare I say walking distance, from where I currently reside. The inside is much more beautifully decorated and tasteful then the old one, but the things that made them endearing to me originally are all still evidently present. Since I am with child, I cannot eat raw fish, or imbibe in my favorite $5.25 large sake/large beer combo that I have enjoyed so many times before. However, there were still enough options on the menu that I really, truly got my sushi/Japanese fix, all for the same great low price I'm accustomed to. Merchant processing was still not ready to go this past Monday, but luckily, I have a Chase bank account and the ATM across the street was a perfect fix.  I seriously cannot express my excitement at having my former favorite finally open and ready for business. I'm counting down the days until I can once more partake in some delicious sashimi and get my buzz on with my all time favorite drink special.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/29/2010,9/29/2011,281,408,7,10,9>I'll start this off by admitting two things: 1. I almost always need a large glass of alcohol post drive over the Coronado bridge and 2. enticing my boyfriend with a free (to him at any rate) beer, is one of the only ways to get him to take me to Coronado. He used to like it but my obsession with it has likely made him sick of it. At any rate, we usually stop here first.The food leaves something to be desired - basic bar food, but they try to fancy up the menu given their location. There's no need for that, really, and well, it's just average tasting. My general desire is to skip the food here, have the beer, and head to the other end of the island for the meal (Tent City, Brigantine, Babcock and Story, etc. etc.).So, what you're really going to want to come here for is the beer. They've got a decent amount of variety from the traditional San Diego hoppy/bitter offerings to the pale ales even grandma might like. My favorites are the Idiot IPA (or as we call it the [insert name of someone you're with] IPA) and the Islander IPA, but I think we all know by know that IPAs have my heart. Also beers I'd buy at Whole Foods (who stocks CBC, as does BevMo) are Mermaid Red and the Orange Ave. Both are pretty tasty and crowd pleasers. Decent happy hour if you're a growler filler - not sure of the price but I remember thinking "now that's when I'd fill a growler."
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,9/28/2011,256,133,54,19,19>I go to Kaiserhof for my birthday every year, but this year was the best one yet because I walked in to two nipples waiting for me at the next table over. A mom with a two-month-old (and two other kids) was about one foot from me, and she found no reason to use a hooter hider...so I got to spend the entire evening watching this kid go from the left nip, to the right nip, to the left nip, to the right nip. Clearly, this lady was nipple-ambidextrous, and was into letting people watch her feed her kid. Happy birthday to me? Even better than being part of a National Geographic special, was watching her undress her husband for an hour straight. Every time he even tried to respond to her bitchouts, she would bitch him out HARDER. HILARIOUS! Boob Lady: Can you PLEASE get the kids off the floor? Emasculated Husband: I'm trying, but... BL: You're trying? You're trying to get drunk. EH: I've had ONE be... BL: One my ass. Just get Shane OFF the floor (switches nipples). EH: Shane, will you please get off th... BL: DON'T ASK HIM. TELL HIM! EH: Shane, get off the fl... BL: Oh never mind. Just order another beer. Shane. Get over here! (switches nipples) EH: -- The best present of the evening was watching him SLAM a second beer through her glares. They should have a reality show. Seriously. *** One of the main reasons I love Kaiserhof (besides the awesome food) is the waitstaff. They have the nicest German waitresses EVER. This year, my waitress could have picked me up and used me for a toothpick. She was BUFF! When she came over and asked me for my order, I asked her what pork dish she recommended. She looked me up and down (and up again), locked eyes with me, and asked me: "Are you hungry?" Now, I'm not sure, but I think she was calling me out...like I wouldn't be able to handle whatever slab of meat she suggested. So I stared back into her 6'2" 180 lbs of pure muscle frame and retorted with as much manliness that I could: "Um. I think so?" I am very, very intimidating! She suggested I get the SCHWEINSHAXE, which is this HUGE pork shank, deep friend and weighs about as much as one of her quads. Throughout the meal, as I struggled to make it through (I still have leftovers that I have been eating every day for a week!), she would make more comments that again I think were calling me out: "Need a box yet?" about five minutes in. "Can't handle that size, can you?" about ten minutes in "You need my help, honey?" about twenty minutes in. Much like the husband sitting at the next table, I was getting totally bagged on...but I loved every second of it! Similarly, I think she could have picked me up and made me suckle at her nips. *** Kaiserhof is a MUST for anyone who comes to SD. I ALWAYS get the goulash and try some huge slab of meat. This year I selected the Spaten Optimator to go with my meal. They have a GREAT beer selection. You should make reservations, and expect to be there for awhile. This is not the type of place looking to turn tables over. If things keep progressing the way they have, I expect to see some full frontal nudity next year...hopefully just not my own! I LOVE KAISERHOF!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,9/27/2011,765,361,7,8,10>Funny are the things you find when you're moving...I happened upon a menu to this place in my Yelp resuable grocery bag from an event that must have been a good 5-6 months ago.Unfortunately we did not heed the advice given on their menu by calling in our order, so we had a bit of a wait before we got our food. I didn't mind though because it was Sunday, a football game was on their tv, and they had free water and tea for our enjoyment...and it was most definitely worth the wait! Damn we've been missing out!!! Seriously y'all. This place is the bees' knees! The spicy tuna is the best tuna sammy I've ever had and it paired very well with the blue cheese bread! My bf got the Rubicon special and it was delish!!! Word of caution though, if you order a spicy sangwich and also order the jalepeno bread, you are in for quite a fiery surprise!! The sandwiches are a little pricey considering the size, but are without doubt worth it because of the freshness, quality and quantity you receive. We will most definitely be coming back here!!**I also can credit Rubicon for helping me discover Taste Nirvana Coconut Water, which is literally the best coconut water EVER!!! After having discovered it here, I can't go a few days without having a bottle!! (Just in case you're curious, they sell it at Sprouts and now Vons)
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,9/26/2011,179,78,33,18,19>Eating here gave me a serious döner boner...a shawarma stiffy...leavened my lavash...brought life to my Turkish delight...puffed up my pita...tickled my tabouli...caused an uprising in my middle east conflict...um, I liked it.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,9/25/2011,413,327,7,16,12>Burlap embraces its trendiness by capturing the most minute details of its "East Meats West" concept in what truly can be described as "fusion." Sister restaurant Seersucker lacked this relationship between concept and reality -- I yearned for the decor to be as memorable as the pork butt. Thankfully, Burlap has mended this seam.I shouldn't dwell much on describing the food -- complex and delicious as it was -- because I have only attended the soft opening and its fixed menu. However, volumes can be spoken about what is simultaneously beautiful and interesting: the decor. Huge Midwestern wooden furnishings rest harmoniously beside rows of Chinese dragon lanterns. We drink in the reds and yellows, admiring the rough woods and soft woods of the thoughtfully hodgepodge dining sets. The whole place seems like it was plucked up from a novel and placed into the corner of this Del Mar shopping center, with its bamboo walls sheltering it from the harsh, boring world around it.I cannot wait to return and try the official menu, now that opening day has passed and the kitchen has worked out its kinks. I will be sure to update!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,9/24/2011,242,154,18,12,10>I was very reluctant to visit Small Bar. Considering I think Bud Light is "a bit hoppy for my taste," you can understand why I might not be that interested in going to a bar full of ales that taste like your hand after you open an old doorknob.However, University Heights is our hood, and as you might guess, The Dude isn't always (re: is never) that interested in dancing with drag queens at Bourbon Street after a long night at work (even though it's one of my most beloved pastimes). So, after weeks of him nagging, I reluctantly pulled off my rainbow leggings and glitter eyelashes and we made the trek to the oft-talked about Small Bar.As most everyone has noted, it is quite small, but I have an inexplicable knack for honing in on people who are about to leave, guarding their seats like an angry pit bull, and then feigning surprise when they finally abandon their chairs (Oh, look! What luck, friends! These kind folks whose asses I am practically shin deep in are offering us their seats!). The beer selection is phenomenal (or so I judged by my boyfriend's giddy, disabled child-like pointing and clapping), and even I was surprised by a tasty White Rascal. Even if I wasn't, though, Small Bar has liquor (ZING!). The bartenders are friendly once they get to you (which can be awhile if you come at peak times), and the crowd was friendly, albeit almost hilariously hipsterish.Although Small Bar still wouldn't be my number one choice for a Friday night, it's not the waste-of-perfectly-good-bar-space I once thought it was. Plus its vicinity to El Zarape is AMAZING (and dangerous).I'm excited to come by for some weekend brunch sometime soon, because a $15 plate of breakfast includes a beverage of your choice. This review was boring. Something something penis.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2006,10/13/2006,0,0,,2,4>When the Linkery first opened it was a bit of a "restaurant in the making". They changed to menu often to see what was the best fit. They also tried out breakfast for a bit, However, breakfast turned out to be too sucessful (because it was to die for!) but that was a distraction to the main focus of the links. These links are hand made fresh in the restaurant. There is always an assortment to choose from. They also have different fish dishes and plenty of vegetarian/vegan options that are just as good as the meat (rumor is the chef is veggie).They only serve beer/wine with a pleasant selection of both. And for cheap winos (see me for details) you can get the jar o' wine for around $3 a glass. The Linkery is all part of the blossoming San Diego revival and they have done well.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2006,10/12/2006,79,135,,3,3>Every time I eat breakfast or brunch at the Parkhouse, I intend to branch out a little and try something different, but I always order the pan-fried linguine and eggs. And it's always delicious.Ambience is great, with the patio and free coffee while you wait (not the best coffee, but it's a nice touch). Super-good people-watching. We saw Carl Weathers eating breakfast one time.Parts of the inside are a little dark, but comfortable. I almost got hit in the head exiting the bathroom once (you have to open the door slowly, as it's right in the path to the kitchen). Nice bathroom though! Clean and bright; reminds me of my aunt's bathroom.This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in San Diego.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2006,10/11/2006,48,11,1,2,>i just ate a four-berry bread pudding made from fresh croissant squares, dusted with powdered sugar and magical goodness. i also had an apple brie scone stuffed with nuts. they were so unique and good i temporarily lost the power of speech and have barely recovered it... so if you find yourself in san diego check out the location in little italy, it is bigger than the one in hillcrest, very modern and spacious. In the front there are tons of cookbooks, candles, and other cute items. Next time I plan to try the tres leches, chocolate cake/creme brulee combos, and homemade ice cream. It is kinda expensive but i forgot about that when i started eating and turned completely stupid.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2006,10/10/2006,50,132,9,1,1>Something about the food in San Diego goes straight to a girl's chest and tears open her top. I'm of a well natured colonial-upbringing where we talk into your eyes and compliment your napkin etiquette - but in this city I found my alpha-male.And he almost had his eye poked out by a rogue nipple.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2006,10/9/2006,6,7,1,3,3>For one of the most delicious and freshest sushi experiences in San Diego make your way over to Pacific Beach.  Zen 5 Sushi is located off Garnet Avenue and a little set back from the street so its easy to pass, but once you find the place you'll never want to go anywhere else for sushi. Also known as "Reggae Rolls" to locals, the restaraunt blasts Reggae music throughout the night and offers a wide variety of yummy rolls with unique names such as Rock n' Roll, Timmy Roll and Tropical Roll, this place will satisfy anyone's taste buds.  This place has become a weekly part of my diet and I'm addicted to the "Da Kine" roll.  The prices are average for any sushi bar, but well worth it for the freshness packed in every roll. This place is quite popular, where the weekends can get busy and there can be a wait list at times, but in my opinion well worth the wait.  Also for those of you who are looking for a quiet atmoshere, this isn't the place for you because it can get a bit noisy. Parking is limited to only a few spaces, but you can usually find street parking as long as it is not too late in the evening when the masses arrive to party in Pacific Beach.  This place is well worth the trip...absolutely DELICIOUS!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2006,10/7/2006,140,137,1,1,2>Ok first off i can't help but love the name! I was searching for do it yourself car washes close to campus and stumbled upon this interesting little place.  Its not too far down Linda Vista and relatively cheap compared to someone else doing the washing for you.  I've never had to wait to wash my car as it has three separate car ports and three waiting areas in line with each port.  I never trust another person to wash my car, but i take way too much pride in my car as well.  If you trust yourself to get the job done right then this place is great, just make sure you pick a port without a lot of mud, sticks and leaves....i made that mistake once and ended up making my car dirtier than before!  Don't forget quarters and towels and have a blast!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2006,10/5/2006,4,29,3,3,1>I have to concur with the last two posters -- the novelty of outdoors malls wanes after you've been in San Diego a few months.  The parking situation isn't as cramped as Fashion Valley , but UTC doesn't have all the same big name draws. Watch out for the creepy TMobile sales reps. They aggressively pitch to non-customers just walking by.  Annoying.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2006,10/4/2006,154,461,,3,2>Amore Boutique is definitely fit for an Italian-designers-only fashionista.  Flavio Castellani, Paolo Cazellini and Imperiale are the most represented lines whose prices are respectively astronomical, but the entire collection is worth checking out.  These lines are fancy yet so versatile and appropriate for so many occasions that the hefty designer cost is almost palatable.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2006,10/3/2006,45,35,3,3,3>Expect a wait; some of the patrons don't exactly have the "quickness" left  in em'.  (Or much cartilage for that matter.)  But it's well worth it.  Crispy bacon, delicious sushi, fish, free flowing mimosa's, 64 oz. bloody mary's, (served with the BIG straw) and the ability to watch sporting events on an old projector screen.  It also doesn't hurt that the original architect was an avid fan of mazes. (Labyrinth?)  Watching a member of your party navigate one of 36 dining rooms at 30% functionality after 3 plates of food and several drinks BEFORE noon on a Sunday always induces a smile.   I would move in if they let me.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2005,10/2/2006,426,592,3,3,4>Beer, Beer and Beer...130-250 kinds on tap depending on location.  Stellar bar food and decent martini selection.  This is my mother and my favorite place in San Diego to go for Happy Hour.  You can get pints suuuuure, pussy...though if you're as hard core as my mum and me you'll get yourself a yard or two.  Dancing in the swanky basement is fun if you don't mind a $5-$10 cover and beautiful people.Update: I heard they got rid of the full yards cause people kept breaking them. Sad...well, I suppose you'll just have to drink multiple 1/2 yards!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,7/9/2014,242,154,43,20,14>Sometimes moments arise that make you realize that you are, deep down, a cheap ass. Like when a friend orders an $80 cut of steak and says "you gotta do it for the quality, you know?" Or when your favorite jeans store raises their average price to forty-nine ninety-five and you're like "psh, what I am, some kind of DUCHESS? No thanks." Or recently, when a friend raved about how comfy her new mattress was, with the added detail that "it was only like 1500 bucks and they finance it for FREE for a year!" and I almost passed out, right there on the street corner where we were working I mean going on a jog. Yep, my name is Nicole, and I am cheap.However, sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do, price be damned. And when I woke up with a sore neck yesterday for the 1000th time because SHOCKER, my 6'2 fiance, small but stubborn dog, and 5'3 yours truly don't fit on a FULL SIZED MATTRESS together, I was ready to bite the bullet and slap down the plastic for a new bed. I mean really, there is rage, and then there is the kind of rage when you realize at 5am that you've been relegated to a 6" by 2' rectangle of space, part of which a dog is farting into at regular intervals. So I got on the web this morning and started looking for the cheapest mattress option possible without dragging some bed-bug infested, piss-stained alley trash into my bedroom (which for a moment, I though, "maybe?"). There were a few places I considered, like the one my friend mentioned, that financed free for a year, but with a wedding in the works, another monthly bill just didn't sound appealing. When I stumbled across Mattress Sale Liquidators, it seemed too good to be true. $299 for a Costco-quality queen-sized mattress that was returned or had minor defects? UH, HELLO, MY WHOLE LIFE IS A MINOR DEFECT. I'LL TAKE IT!The Dude was understandably hesitant when we pulled up to the Kearny Mesa business park with its bare bones warehouse room (literally, the sign on the door is like, printed out from Microsoft Paint), but once we were greeted by Andrew, who gave us the rundown on the mattresses and pulled a couple down for us to lay down on, we were SOLD. Box spring is thrown in for free and delivery is $30 - and GET THIS, when we said we were super excited to get it ASAP, he said that if none of the delivery guys could get out today he'd drop it by himself. The only thing that could have made the experience better is if he'd been like, "oh, also this bed comes with a years supply of Pirate's Booty, and by the way, stop worrying, your haircut doesn't make you look like a homeless tween."Needless to say, a delivery guy WAS available, and our grown-up sized bed arrived within 6 hours of picking it out. I couldn't be happier. Thanks Andrew and the other peeps behind Mattress Sale Liquidators. I can't wait to wake up with space for both arms tomorrow!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,7/8/2014,280,432,7,11,8>We normally don't go out during Restaurant Week.  I think it's a matter of dealing with the crowds, especially at some of the popular restaurants.  However, it is a great week to try out some of the restaurants without having to sell a kidney.  We were actually on our way to a different restaurant when we walked by. The menu looked interesting and since we had never been, decided to go in.Friendly greeting when we entered, and great vibe in the front dining area.  We decided on the price fix and I had some chicken appetizer on top of a sweet corn cake.  I can't remember what it was called but I do remember it had some great flavors and wasn't too spicy.  The partner ordered the chicken tortilla soup which was very good and had a nice spicy kick to it.  We both ordered the Pipian - Rojo Chicken Breast smoked bacon, goat cheese, cranberries & arugula, with grilled polenta cakes & spaghetti squash.  Very flavorful!!!  The small salad that came with was a very nice touch.For dessert, I had the chocolate pistachio torte and the partner had the creme brulee, which was a little small compared to the torte.  Our server, Nicole, was friendly and attentive without any attitude you might find at some of the other restaurants.  That is one thing that is consistent with the Cohn restaurants.  My only complaint was the family sitting in the center of the restaurant.  Dang, take your sick ass kid home, he's coughing up a lung!  Other than that, I can't wait to return!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,7/7/2014,281,408,9,15,8>Come early, come often. This is a great (yet crowded) hike for beginners, or really, anyone that wants a different view of SD. If you've got out of town guests that have the right attire this would be a great place to take them. Just make sure you have water, and try to go before it gets too hot (if it's summer.) Please remember, though, that the mountain is not a trashcan. There are some provided but as they say if they're full, carry your trash back down (or to another, not full, can.) KEEP THE TRAILS CLEAN! Trash everywhere just ruins the experience for everyone.P.S. It's pronounced like Kohl's.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,7/6/2014,645,258,11,13,12>Fun Place! Everyone is very friendly and slot machines seem to be pretty generous. I'm all about the penny slots.  $ lasts longer.  Try Penny Junction.  It's the oldest slew of slot machines in the place. Oh and the buffet is yummy.I haven't been a lot but when I have it seems they are always having some sort of parade, event and/or free games going on. Always a crowd pleasing event.I like everything about Barona except the drive.  For some reason, at night it makes me sick going around the curves. What can I say.  I'm a wuss!  Other than that....I'm a fan....Cha Ching!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,7/5/2014,834,800,8,12,10>I like the following:1. Ice Cream2. Cookies3. Waffles4. BrowniesIf you're like me, you'd like The Baked Bear because you can create an ice cream sandwich with any combo you'd like! Options are endless. We ordered a scoop of strawberry cheesecake ice cream in between a brownie and a waffle and it was such a sweet way to end the night.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,7/3/2014,572,102,7,16,13>My brother took me here tonight for dinner and I am soo full! I ordered 6 rolled tacos ($4.10) and a side order of rice ($1.45) and my brother got his usually Carne Asada burrito ($5.50) and some chips ($1.50?). The portions here are very generous and huge for the cheap price. It is delicious/flavorful, made with amazing quality and love. My brother's burrito was ginormous! I love that they have a variety of homemade hot sauces and salsas as well as pickled carrots, onions, radishes, and cucumbers. They also have an unlabeled bottle of hot sauce on each table which was also delicious. Their condiment area was fresh, clean, and fully stocked.  I love their pickled vegetables and the red Chipotle hot sauce was my favorite out of all the hot sauces. I like how they have huge sauce cups, unlike other places where they give you the tiny ones and you have to get like 10 tiny cups. Cheap prices, huge portions, flavorful and delicious, you can't really go wrong with that. The location of this place is kind of hidden and in the corner. You might not find it on your first try. The parking lot is very small with very tight spaces. I would probably opt for street parking to avoid dings/scratches.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,7/2/2014,286,168,11,18,15>So I've made it a goal of mine to sample every wing flavor on the menu, and I'm getting close to accomplishing it. Its time to update the review of one of my favorite places to eat in San Diego.I've been making it a habit to come in on Tuesdays when happy hour runs all day and they feature half price wings, as well as half price pitchers of Bud Light and Dos Equis. There's been many occasions when I've taken advantage of the discount wings, discount beer, and both at the same time. Either way, Tuesday is the day for me. I'm going to give you my updated top 10 flavor ranking with some new additions and a brief description.  1. Old Bay - simple and delicious. 2. Dirty Ranch - hot sauce and ranch mixed.3. Salt and Vinegar - if you like the chips....4. 3 Pete BBQ - this one is unique. Try it. 5. Honey Hot - honey and hot sauce, mmm.6. Lemon Pepper - a classic rub that always tastes great on chicken. 7. Ninja - the best spicy wing on the menu. 8. Maple Chipotle BBQ - sweet and smokey.9. Dirty Blue - good, but not Dirty Ranch good. 10. PMP Warrior Wing - this is a special wing that when you order a $1 goes to a foundation. It's smothered in sriracha, and it will leave your nose running and your eyes watering. It's still really good though. Honey Hot was my newest discovery and it will probably be in my staple order or 5 of these, 5 of those, and 5 of them when I go on Tuesdays. Give me a few more weeks or a month and I'll have another update once I've given them all a try. Don't forget the tater tots here though. I rave about the wings, but f you're with someone who isn't a wing fan like you or I, have them get the tots.See you later Wing Nuts!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,7/1/2014,688,279,19,21,13>About this gym....It's not for you meat head. So if you are a tool douche who needs 4 weight sets at once and slams plates down and yells and everything and everyone, and walk around with the side of your shirt cutout displaying your poor life choices in tattoos.... well.....this is not the gym for you. The staff... They are super friendly and on point, for the most part, there is one or two that aren't bad but just aren't as nice as the others. But they are always cleaning and talking with the customers, super friendly. The equipment, is in really good shape and one point, It's also uniformed so like all color coordinated and set up proper. I mean there are some negatives, the space can get crowded, it is a little small, but overall it is still miles away from most 24 hour gyms in the area.I mean you know, for what it is it is a great buy value, and I hope to see more of them pop up in the area so I can go to other locations as well. If you are thinking about going, just get a free pass or let me know, i'm aloud to bring a friend unlimited amount of times :)
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,6/28/2014,101,25,5,24,23>A variety of Pizza could be tasted here. I am very happy to visit that type of places as they are the best i think so. To have a wonderful Lunch at very friendly atmosphere, I would suggest Zia Gourmet because its the best place. they are really great. GREAT TASTE OF PIZZA ever. The thing is to have a pizza in a very friendly atmosphere, this has been satisfying by them. They have been satisfying their customers and have much fame in the area. Zia Gourmet was suggested by my best friend Myrna,She is the loyal customer of zia. I am much excited while going for the first time. the first experience makes me the loyal customer of them. I should have to praise the pizza spot as it is the best I have ever visited in my life. The people come here have a wonderful review about them.I love the Cheesy and New yorker. They are the Best I would say . Because I have never tasted the taste like this before. The staff here is quite great as they are best in their services and i should have to be praise the services of the staff because they always give us a warm welcome to their customers. A friendly environment with all of its charms and beauty. The interior was awesome and the owner was also quite nice and friendly. the Rates there were not high, the rates were moderate and I should have to praise them. Good going ZIA GOURMET PIZZA!! I'll support you until or unless you will not disappoint me ... ;)
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,6/27/2014,176,91,14,17,15>Comforting rich ramen on a cold San Diego winter night.  This place as indoor and "outdoor" seating; the outside patio has a heater and is covered, however; our party sat indoors.  The service was polite and attentive, apologizing for a the slight wait while we waited for the tables to be set up.       Ordered the Takoyaki, octopus fritters as an appetizers.  The octopus balls came out very hot with smoky and savory flakes of Katsuobushi (bonito flakes) garnished on top. The red ginger on the side as well as the sweet and delicate Japanese mayo complemented the crispy yet tender Takoyaki.yelp.com/biz_photos/rame…The Yamadaya Ramen had a rich creamy and savory pork broth, with very tender cuts of fatty pork; served with crunchy bamboo shoots and two slices of delicate and beautifully boiled egg, the soft yellow and decadent yolk was cooked so the yellow still shimmered.  Large crunchy pieces of seaweed and green onions garnished the bowl of ramen and rounded out the rich flavors nicely.yelp.com/biz_photos/rame…Kara-age and a small side salad was ordered in combination with the ramen.  The Kara-age consisted of pieces of lightly battered fried chicken, seasoned with a dash of paprika.  A squeeze of fresh lemon juice help bring some acidity to the combination of savory flavors. yelp.com/biz_photos/rame…Yamadaya serves quality ramen accompanied with outstanding customer service.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,2/2/2014,431,494,3,9,7>Simple, fresh and authentic. It's good when they only sell one thing: balbocoa. Each order comes with lamb/goat, cilantro/onion, limes, tortillas, and broth.A 1/2 lb order comes with enough meat to make about 6 tacos. The meat is cooked down until it's very tender. I didn't taste any seasonings on it other than salt. The broth is a little oily, with rice and chickpeas. It was very HOT and served in a styrofoam cup. 2  half lb orders + 2 cokes came to $24.This family owned restaurant is definitely unique to SD. The exterior was a bit intimidating. The parking lot had a car blasting loud music. Once we got inside it was warm and friendly. Service was very good. The waitress came up to us to ask how the food was and how we heard of the place. A little girl maybe four years old was cleaning the tables while we were eating, cutest thing to watch!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,2/1/2014,765,361,8,16,9>So it's taken me the better part of three months to get around to writing a followup review on my first solo bed purchase, but I really have to make it known how amazing my experience with Real Deal was. In having become single & gifting the previously purchased bed frame to the ex because I wanted brand new furniture, I was faced with having to acquire both a new bed & frame, and as embarrassing as it is to admit, I had never made a furniture purchase on my own & felt completely lost, but knew Real Deal would be a great place to start. I worked with a staff member who helped assess the type of bed I was looking for & who also ensured I didn't have to go through the whole "princess & the pea" fable to find a bed that was just right for me trying out bed after bed after bed, I only tried about four before finding the most amazingly comfortable & perfect bed for me.. A Comforpedic which is a newer technology. I got a great deal & had it delivered & setup within a week & have never slept better! (And btw I loved the first frame so much that I bought the same exact one!!) From the very personable owner to the incredibly friendly & knowledgeable staff to the vast selection of great quality & reasonably priced furniture,  this will seriously be the first stop I make indefinitely for any furniture purchase I'll ever make! :0)
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,1/31/2014,1179,432,9,14,10>I think i've found my new and permanent place to get my landscaping done!  Zenaida is extremely professional, friendly and sanitary.  If it's your first time there, if there is a sign hanging on the door saying "in service" just wait outside (there will be a chair next to the sliding door) and she will be out to happily greet you in no time.  I'm so glad my friend referred me to Zenaida.  It was my first time ever getting the sugar treatment - i must say...i heart it way better than the traditional waxing that i was used to doing at nail/spa place near my home.  with the sugar treatment It hurt less and i really like the results. I am def going back to Zenaida and highly recommend her to anyone.  Any questions i had, she provided me with information i needed. You can tell she is extremely knowledgeable and experienced in what she does.I live in Mira Mesa, so it is a bit of a drive for me....BUT sooooo worth it!  I wish she had a clone and opened up shop in Mira Mesa =)
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,1/30/2014,419,343,7,10,9>Reason #2 why the No1DP is so amazing: upon finding out that I passed my board and got interviews for potential programs I might be attending spring 2014, he insisted that he take me to "a really nice restaurant", more upscale than the one we went last time he was in the area. Lucky for him, not only have I wanted to try this place for a *very* long time, but like Cucina Urbana, I wanted to try this restaurant *for dinner* (happy hour can be with anyone) with the right person. For a restaurant like this, especially for a party of two, you don't just take ANYONE here. VENUE: It's the tallest and most prominent building in Banker's Hill. I can't say about the valet or the parking because the No1DP, not wanting to worry about me driving, used Uber. What a sweetie.The restaurant is on the top (12th) floor. Once you check-in at the lobby, go to your right to get a glimpse of some of the most AMAZING views you will EVER see of SD. You can see Banker's Hill, Hillcrest, Gaslamp, Little Italy and the airport. Even better is when you book 3 weeks ahead and secure a time when the sun sets. The No1DP and I literally got to watch the sun while waiting to be served.SERVICE: Top-notch. The No1DP noticed that the bussers (dressed in gray) did their best to be as incognito as possible while cleaning up; sometimes we didn't even see how dishes were being cleared. The actual servers (dressed in suits) were a little slow at times, but this is understandable since we dined on a Friday night and we weren't in a hurry.---For the evening the No1DP and I had a three-course meal with each course having its own drink.1ST COURSECocktails ($13.50): Strawberry Mule (Buffalo Trace Bourbon, Strawberry Puree, Ginger Syrup, Fresh Lime, Ginger Beer, Peychaud's Bitters): You could either get Stoli or bourbon for your mule; vodka being the typical liquor. Bourbon imparts a more "harsh" aftertaste but it really brings out the ginger beer. The strawberry, however, mellows the drink out and this is one of my most favorite mule drinks in SD.Pomegranate Paradise (Absolut Vodka, Stirrings Pomegranate Liqueur, Disaronno Amaretto, Fresh Orange Juice): No1DP's drink, quite fruity yet smooth.Amuse was a melon puree with bacon bits on the side of the glass. Not a big melon fan but made a surprisingly pleasant combination when you lick the bacon before drinking the melon.Roasted Pork Belly, Lentil Salad Green Peppercorn Sauce, Vinaigrette ($14.50): While the skin was crunchy and the inside meat was orgasmically soft, I couldn't help but thinking I was eating overpriced lechon. Lentil salad was okay, did nothing to complement the dish. Grade 1 Ahi Tuna Tartare Crispy Avocado, Fresh Hawaiian Palm ($18.50): The better appetizer of the two. No1DP said that Grade 1 ahi is equivalent to chutoro, essentially tuna with more fat and marbling. The fat brought much flavor and would have been good without the seasonings. Avocado was excellent; the outside was crunchy yet the inside was soft, just like a ripe raw avocado. We both enjoyed combining the ahi with the avocado.2ND COURSEPan Roasted Alaskan Halibut Fresh Pea Puree, King Oyster Mushrooms ($33.50): Halibut meat was soft and complimented the pea puree. Mushrooms were crunchy.Oven Roasted Rack Of California Lamb Rosemary Scented Red & Yellow Bell Peppers ($39.50): Made medium-rare, the meat was quite tender and pink. Presentation was cute but it needed a bit more seasoning. Unlike steak, a good rack of lamb actually does require more seasoning. Mr. A's Mac and Cheese Black Truffles [truffle oil and REAL truffles] ($10.50): Didn't see truffle shavings but you can definitely taste the truffles. It was quite rich and we were only able to finish half.The wine I had for this course was a Merlot (forgot the name). Upon first taste I noted that this was quite buttery, which the No1DP explained that the Merlot must have gone through maloactic fermentation after the fact, as normal Merlots do not have a buttery taste. I dunno what the No1DP drank other than it was a dry white (his usual). 3RD COURSE ($11.50/dinner)Local Strawberry Shortcake Toasted Swiss Meringue, Coulis: The presentation was cute and I liked the toasted marshmallow, but I prefer the shortcake served at D Bar. Muscat, Beaumes De Venise, France, 2008 ($10): An excellent sipping drink by itself, tastes like dry apricots. Enhanced the tartness of the strawberries.Snicker Bar Mousse Honey Peanut Nougat, Peanut Brittle: One of the best desserts I have ever tasted. Mousse had a silky cake-like texture and the top had both salted caramel and peanuts. Peanut brittle wasn't too hard and just added that extra crunch.Taylor, Tawny, 10 Year Old Port, Portugal ($10): Usually I do tawnys with a dark chocolate but surprisingly this matched up well. Doesn't taste too much like raisins and added a slight bitterness when combined with the cake.---One of the best evenings I've had this year. Thanks again, No1DP.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,1/29/2014,51,149,12,17,13>Ok - wow. I freakin love this place. There's so much character to the restaurant, and the amazing food just elevates this place to the top. Much like the Georgian Eagle when consumed with young red wine. (You'll get this reference once you've read the menu.)The food descriptions on the menu are awesome. Clever remarks interspersed throughout the menu. Lots of vegetarian dishes. I've come here as a meat-eater and as a vegetarian and have thoroughly enjoyed my meals. The best way to eat here is family-style. Sharing is caring!Recommended meaty dishes - Chakhokhbili (Georgian Eagle), Chicken Tabaka, and the Lamb or Chicken Shashlik. The Chakapuli was ok - mainly because I don't really liked stewed dishes. But the description makes it hard to go unnoticed!For the veggie friends - Ikra Badrijannaya (eggplant salsa - "a vegetarian's dream of heaven when in hell" hahaha), Khachapuri (cheese pie), and Varenki (potato-cheese dumplings). The veggie stroganoff was enticing, but the cheese pie and dumplings called out to me more, and I don't regret it.Our party was here for a birthday, and there was another birthday in the house. The restaurant celebrated by giving everyone a complimentary vodka shot! (Weak, but delicious - and free). You can ask them for a sharpie to add your mark to the walls. They also have HATS for you to wear for photos. hahahaha
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,1/28/2014,1070,356,7,19,16>Im a fan!  A huge fan of this place!  For the price, meat options and service, this place is my favorite AYCE Korean BBQ spot in San Diego.  I used to go to Manna, but their wait time and meat selections are just not up to par compared to Taegukgi.  I used to go to Jeong Won but that place gets crowded most times and my clothes end up smelling like my dinner when I leave.  My girlfriend and I have been to Taegukgi 5 times now in the past 30 days.  For me to return to a restaurant that many times in any given month says something.   On to my review: Taegukgi shares the same parking lot with the new Zion and is located on the east end of the building so parking shouldn't be an issue.  As you walk in, you're immediately greeted by the hostess.  We've always come for dinner and have had no wait to be seated each time.  When you're seated, the appetizer/side dishes along with a plate of brisket is already delivered.  You have the option to choose 2 types of AYCE.  Theres the Original, which is $21.99 with select meats.  And the Premium for $25.99.  We've always opted for the Premium since it includes Premium cut Sirloin, Marinated Short Ribs and Seasoned Beef Sirloin.  Let's be real, a $4 difference isn't much considering this is all you can eat.  The meats are fresh and nicely marinated.  Some of the meat dishes aren't marinated, just know that's how its supposed to be.    Taegukgi can accommodate small to large parties and best of all, each grill has its own, dedicated ventilation shaft.  This is key since you don't want to walk out of any Korean BBQ restaurant smelling like what you just ate.Last but not least to mention is the service.  From the moment you walk in to the moment you pay your check, the service at Taegukgi is first class.  They are very very attentive!  We've ordered plenty of meats, asked for refills, asked for side dishes, you name it, they will take care of you with a quickness.  Kelly is one server who we always remember.  He's always checked in on us, adjusted the grill temp, changed the grill and stays on top of our dishes before we even run out of it. To the owner of Taegukgi, thank you thank you thank you!!!  We love your establishment!  We love it so much that I have already made reservations for a party of 34 in your private room to host a holiday party!  Thank you Annie!See you soon!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,1/27/2014,677,365,11,15,11>My biggest tip for anyone going to Las Cuatro Milpas in the afternoon is make sure that your cell phone is fully charged because your gonna be on that sucka for a bit waiting in line.  After the initial "are you freaking kidding me" reaction, the line goes by surprisingly quick; just not quick enough to not peruse through the 700 plus reviews and same pics of the same food.  It's all good though; I posted mine.  I'm all for the rolled tacos but make sure you order more than you want to eat because, you'll want one more.  I gaurentee it and you sure don't want to get back in that line again...right?  Oh and one more thing, orer some tortillas to go, they are phenomenal!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,1/26/2014,806,340,32,25,22>*Stupidkid. Someone needs to give him an Irish haircut.                                      Ten minutes earlier*I hate lines. At least this time it isn't a block long. *Ugh, this kid in front is hyper. *God. Put a leash on him."Hey mister, I know you've been here before. (points to my belly) What is your favorite donut here?" The creme brulee."Hey mister, what donut shouldn't I get?"The maple bacon."Hey mister, what one is suuuuuper sweet and will make me stamp my feet and kick a cat?" The salted caramel."Hey mister, what one is soooo sweet that my teeth will ache and I will curse my mom?" The cotton candy."Hey mister, what one is sooooooo good that I will stop fantasizing about my teacher and only think of it?" The strawberry cheesecake.  "Hey mister, what donut will make me flip my cakes and slap a woman's behind?"The blueberry lemon.*this goes on for about ten minutes"Hey mister...Umm...Ummm.."Can you just be quiet and order. "You don't have to be a jerk, Fattie."
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,1/25/2014,109,197,3,11,8>Very very good restaurant! Received well by the neighborhood. Try the panang curry hot or medium! Oh-la-la! We often eat here and always order the same thing:  Spring rolls $4.95, Pad See Ew  with chicken, Beef or pork $7.95, Panang Curry with chicken, beef, vegetable, or pork $7.95Everything is always consistent, hot, flavorful, and made to order. They always ask what level of hot we would like. I like the medium-low. The hot is also very fun to eat! Customer service is great! They always remember me and ask about the kids, thank you! I gave them 5 stars for the food. This is a hole in the wall restaurant with no curb appeal, and the ambiance is lacking. But, we just order take-out anyway and walk to the restaurant from home!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,1/24/2014,569,319,10,11,8>Being that my hubby and I are fatties... oops, I mean "foodies", we had to try this place out since they just opened not too long ago in our neck of the woods.  Seriously, a cute place to hang out with a date or some friends.  BUT, keep in mind, I think they're still in their "soft opening" phase, so the walls are pretty bare.   I would highly recommend their Margherita and San Miguel Pizza.  Both of them were delish!  Their dough is 00 (double zero), which means that the flour is finer.  You can tell that the crust is light-fluffy, yet a bit crispy.  We started off with their basic house salad and it was fresh and tasty!  On top of the great food, the service was also really great.  Our server was a handsome Italian looking fellow, whose really Mexican (we know, because we asked! haha). As our dinner was winding down, the owner came over and asked how everything was.  He was really nice and welcomed him to his restaurant.  Hubby and I are not huge alcohol drinkers, but when they get their liquor license, I'll have to try some of their wines with their pizza and update my review.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2008,1/28/2008,666,662,19,13,22>Do you remember those pivotal moments that showed you what you wanted to do with the rest of your life?I do, and on of those first memories is at Captain Fitch's.  As an eight year old on a day trip with my family down to San Diego, we stopped in the perpetual amusement of Old Town for some recreated old-timey fun.  Captain Fitch's is an old storefront filled with old teas, pottery, language books, ghost stories, and even odder...historically accurate coloring books.And that's when my mom bought 8 year old me "Monarchs of England Coloring Book."  That's right.  Every ruler of England/Great Britain since Canute in 1016 AD through Elizabeth II is there, FOR YOU TO COLOR!Perhaps I'm the only one that thinks that's cool.  If so, that's fine, I don't care.  I love me some Old-School Anglophilic arts and crafts.  Anyhow, that's when I knew I was destined to become some sort of bizarre history instructor.  Shrug.  There are worse fates :)Captain Fitch's is a beautiful, old store filled with tons of charm and character.  I like it quite a bit.  The store employees, who often look a little displeased with the whole "having to wear pseudo-Victorian clothing" requirement, have been nothing but helpful; one woman actually counseled me through whether or not I should study abroad in South Africa.  Cheesy trinkets, historical pieces, and life coaching workers in period clothing--totally the reasons to visit Captain Fitch's.ANd if you're wondering, I still have that coloring book.  Don't be jealous.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2007,1/27/2008,112,64,18,16,18>It's an hour after the posted show time and the first band is still setting up. My friends haven't arrived yet and I'm not feeling social enough to chat up the ten other early birds. Thankfully, I have scotch on the rocks to occupy me.Half an hour later the place starts to fill up. It looks like most of the crowd is here for the headliner. People seem dismayed that they haven't missed the opening act but the first song was great and maybe we all just discovered a new favorite. I can hear a very loud woman in the audience. I think what I'm feeling is called foreboding.Of course she's moving my way. I've staked out one of the few tables and am presently all by my lonesome. Well, I was lonesome, now I'm just perturbed. Her name is Cindy and she is also from the Midwest. I think she needs to go back. Apparently Cindy has been happy hour hopping and now she's landed in my lap, literally. This would be less unpleasant if her volume wasn't turning heads, all of which are staring at me like I'm part of the problem. No way hipsters, I'm the frickin' solution. I persuade Cindy that we should step out into the back bar area (where her loudness will not out-compete the band and, if I have any luck, I can pawn her off on some other sap). This is when her date arrives. "I couldn't find you," he says to her while glaring at me. I'm not about to get apologetic. If he didn't want his date slurring her words with me then he should have provided about five less Pabsts. But heck, this guy is the savior of my night so I offer him my seat and head off to find my pals.The rest of the evening is great music, an outstanding crowd, and about two more glasses of scotch. When it comes time to clear out, I am content. Stepping outside, I can't decide if I paid the cover for the band or for the stories the Casbah always provides. What's it matter, right? I'll be back.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2007,1/26/2008,2673,672,66,43,48>"Well down on the beach,"Where nobody goes,"There's Surfer Joe,"Without no clothes..."That song, written decades ago, was probably penned about Black's.  It certainly doesn't apply today as it seems all of San Diego now goes here: "Well down on the beach, where EVERYONE goes..."We came here years ago to surf but it's been a nude beach long before that and we were always amused to pass naked sun-bathers on our way to the surf. Smart-asses would always try to get us to surf naked but I never saw anyone do that...except in the tropics. Something about the chilly water and making nipples hard as diamonds.The surf here is for experienced wave-riders only. Calmer waters are found north or south of here but the deep water canyon off Black's causes a huge upsurge of waves that'll beat the shit out of anyone that doesn't know what they're doing. Fair warning.This area, home to rare Torrey pines and a fucking golf course, is picturesque to the extreme. Tuscany or the Riviera have nothing on this place. But the growth of industry, condos and Mac Mansions all around it have significantly reduced it's attractiveness for those that sought isolation and freedom from the masses. And it's only going to get worse, unfortunately. I know I'm exposing my age when I say I can recall driving down the I-5 passing endless fields of cultivated flowers around Leucadia and not seeing a single house or condo above the bluffs. Not so these days. Realtors and developers would tell me this is the price of progress. Well, if that's progress, maybe I should spend more time in Tuscany. I know I'll have to wear clothes but that's the price of progress, eh?Update: Since y'all were so nice comping this review, I share my only naked surf story with you. It describes why you just don't see anyone doing it. If you don't like reading about pain, turn away now, child, turn away.My boyfriend and I were in lower Mexico, a place called Puerto Escondido aka "Mexican Pipeline" aka "Ball-Buster Beach" and the surf wasn't all that big so he says "I'm gonna do it!". I say "You better not". He says "Bah!", drops his trunks and throws himself into the surf. I stood on the beach, camera in hand, knowing a Kodak moment was nigh. First wave he gets, arms, hair (and everything else) flying and I get the picture. He begins to paddle back out and duck-dives under a wave. A second later, a horrible screech fills the air, I'm sure heard all the way to Guatemala. In a flash, he was on the shore bleeding profusely from his sack. Like a ruler slapping a desktop, his board had slapped his willie. I was a nurse, had the equipment and put eight stitches in his scrotum. He never did that again and we didn't have any sex the rest of the trip. And with him, that wasn't necessarily a bad thing.P.S., If you're not daring enough to try surfing this beach, I've posted a photo of an Oz wine that just may satisfy without the risk..."Ball Buster" red (of course)
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2007,1/25/2008,862,317,1,11,11>Yes....I do like this lovely bay side restaurant. It offers lovely and expansive bay views...delicious foods...free and ample parking....a cocktail menu with reasonably priced fresh seafoods...and is a nice concert venue, with an attached (4 diamond) hotel. Periodically, they offer a wine taster dinner...a lovely selection of wines accompanying the foods for a reasonable price. They are also members of the Entertainment Guide for San Diego (the guide is issued every November)...which is a great and very affordable way to give them a try.My father and I always loved to order their Macadamia Nut encrusted Halibut...but I have truthfully never tasted an item from their menu that wasn't delicious.This is a delightful concert venue. We've bought their concert packages on several occasions (front row tickets....front and center, four or five course dinner, and lovely hotel room or suite)....all for a decently set price.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,1/23/2008,11,17,7,9,9>This is a small dark-lit place in Old Town where a large group of us, in various stages of inebriation, met for sushi on a Sunday night.  It wasn't too crowded but we got lucky and were seated in the special booth that I believe is normally reserved for more, er, romantic encounters.  Loved the atmosphere - very cool and hip, but the servers were all extremely friendly.  There are two separate dining areas (bar and tables) plus an outdoor patio area that would be a perfect spot for quieter conversation, if you can't get the private booth.Drinks were excellent, I sampled several different specialty cocktails and all were very tasty, and the sake bombs were enjoyed by all.  Given that we had just come from Lahaina's in PB, let's just say that our waitress had her hands full, but she did a great job of getting everyone on point and made some nice recommendations.  And to top it all off, she did a shot with us on the house - you can't beat that with a stick!!As for the sushi itself, I had mixed results.  There are so many choices on the menu, I'd suggest our approach and go as a big group and order 7-8 different rolls for everyone to try.  There were several standouts (I can't recall their names) but a few I was really excited to try ended up tasting pretty bland.  But I'll definitely be back to resample.All in all, Harney Sushi was great.  Any place that can handle an obnoxiously loud and hungry group as ourselves should be given their due respect (my sincere apologies to the other patrons at the time, I hope hiding us away in the booth softened the blow)......and walking out only $40 lighter in the purse per person gives them definite bonus points in my book.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2007,1/21/2008,0,0,,5,3>Touche Parkhouse!!I have lived in San Diego almost eight years now and several times attempted to eat here. I have always left because I don't do lines or like to wait. The place was always packed with three dozen additional patrons lined up and down the sidewalk. I'm usually hung over and ready to drop over from starvation and move on to somewhere else for a quick fix...Well now I see why! This is going to be my new favorite place. I'm just going to have to get there a little earlier to beat the crowds. This place is awesome!This morning I had the Chilaquiles with scrambled eggs, crispy corn tortillas, homemade red chile sauce & asiago cheese and a black bean frittata atop. Very very nice and delectable. The service was absolutely wonderful and cheery, great personalities, warm and caring.I can't wait to return and try lunch or dinner there...
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2007,1/20/2008,15,32,6,6,6>This place has one of the most immaculate bars I've ever seen. It's this beautiful gigantic perfectly lacquered wooden bar, and if you set your glass down on it a bartender swoops in to put a coaster underneath within seconds. Try it some time. It's really incredible.The bartender shaped a little clover into the foam of the Guinness pint I ordered just like at the Guinness factory in Dublin. I bet she makes hearts on Valentine's Day. And stars on the 4th of July. It warms my heart just thinking of it.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2007,1/19/2008,60,84,3,5,7>Maybe it's due to inexperience with good delis or lack of a critical eye in the face of my favorite food (sauerkraut), but I can't avoid giving DZ Akin's five stars.First off, the place was packed for lunch on a Friday. Still, with six people we were seated in less than ten minutes. The menu is of course famous for its sheer volume of tasty treats,  but knowing my predilection for sauerkraut and corned beef, I had to get a corned beef reuben. We had a few veteran customers with us, which helped guide my drink choice toward chocolate milk and hers toward Dr. Brown's root beer, which was really good. I didn't feel like the wait to order or get our food was any longer than could be expected at a typical cafe. Then came the food.The reuben was hands down the best one I've ever eaten. The sauerkraut was tasty and had a good tang while the rye bread was wonderfully toasted and yummy. Usually I expect the defining parts of a reuben to be the kraut and the dressing, both of which were good in this case, but by no means did they make the sandwich. It was the meat. Glorious mounds of corned beef stuffed at least three inches high into the sandwich. It has a rich, marbled and mouth-watering taste that complements the rest of the ingredients to a degree that can only be adequately expressed by closing one's eyes and purring sweet surrender.So like I said, the sandwich was amazing. The potato salad was also quite good and the Russian dressing was worth taking home in its own little container to finish the other half of the huge sandwich with. Everyone else seemed just as satisfied as we proceeded back to the office in a sleepy coma for the remainder of the afternoon.I hope your experience can be as gratifying.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2007,1/16/2008,923,326,5,8,6>Since my BF likes to monitor and police my carb intake, I sort of go crazy when I do get the opportunity to consume some.  We came in here famished from a mini road trip... we were looking forward to a home style, cozy Italian meal.Let me start with the garlic bread.  I swear there's crack in them!  Coated with butter, fresh garlic and cheese, they were decadent, melted in your mouth and addictive.  I couldn't stop eating them.  We moved on to our salad and split the Chopped Salad with Avocado, Gorgonzola, Kalamata Olives and Fried Onion, tossed in a Light Olive Oil Vinaigrette.I experienced THE BEST pasta I've ever eaten, outside of Italy.  It was the House Special, the Lobster Pasta (Capellini with Lobster, Shrimp, Crawfish and Scallops, Tossed in this AMAZING Tomato Garlic and White Wine Sauce, which I SWEAR contained crack too) I am not exaggerating... I am normally not stingy and piggish about sharing food, in fact, I encourage people to eat off my plate.  It. Took. A. Lot. Of. Convincing. On. The. Boyfriend's. Part... to get me to surrender to switch plates with him.  I even reached over snagged the last strand of pasta off his plate.  He ordered the Breaded Halibut with a Roma Tomato Compote and Fresh Vegetables.  That was also great, but paled in comparison next to my crack infused pasta.So if you're ever in the San Diego area, please go there!  You will have no regrets... I loved everything about the place and the service was excellently Molto Bene!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2007,1/15/2008,99,282,13,9,7>This is not expensive! It's only $17.99 (definitely cheaper than Todai). Join the Barona Club for no cost and get 20% off. That makes it less than $15 a person... comparable to what, Hometown Buffet?Ughhhhhh. Spring roll? Good. Mongolian bbq? Good. Ravioli? Good. Salmon? Good. Hell, macaroni and cheese? Sooo good!  I didn't even get to try the Mexican or the ribs or the other pastas because I'd already eaten 3 plates.And dessert bar (more like 20 x 20 ft island) -- amazing.These are the things I ate... and I don't mean took two bites of and left, I mean I came, conquered, and then passed out from food coma for two hours while my friend played poker:-cheesecake-bread pudding w/vanilla sauce-coffee ice cream-chocolate dipped strawberries-chocolate eclair-pecan tarts-flan-creme brulee-chocolate chip cookie -triple layer mousse cakeYou think I'm exaggerating, but I'm not. Tomorrow I'm going to have a 5-hour punishment session at the gym, with like, whips and stuff. My deepest regret is that I didn't have carrot cake or the brownie or the tiramisu or the dulce de leche cake or the panna cotta... okay so I have several regrets, but there's always tomorrow. Which is Thursday. Which is All-You-Can-Eat-Prime-Rib. *Smiles*I don't know why I always go to Barona to gamble and I've never once eaten there until now. It's my firm belief that this is Barona's small way of giving back to the people, the people being shitty gamblers like myself. And I thank them from the very bottom of my heart. Even if you just lost all your savings at the casino, the buffet will temporarily make all your sorrows disappear... one pecan tart at a time.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,10/14/2012,163,642,3,7,4>I think just about everyone who has lived in San Diego for a bit of time is familiar with Bread & Cie bread.  So good.  But, the sandwiches!  Oh, the sandwiches.I've had a roasted eggplant kinda one before.  It was great.  They have several vegetarian options that aren't pure cheese, which is nice.  Last time though, I got the cheese plate - a good sized hunk of brie stuff with a garlic/walnut/apple mixture, an entire baguette, and some grapes.  For $8, this is an excellent deal!  I ate way too much for lunch, had enough for an afternoon snack, and enough for my old man to have an evening snack when I got home from work.It gets busy around lunch time, but they've got it down so the wait is minimal.  Don't you dare go here without taking home a loaf of bread.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,10/13/2012,280,287,9,13,9>I am a huge fan and this new PB establishment.  If you haven't had a chance to check it out yet, stop wasting your time with other jams and get over here!When you walk in, you receive a friendly greeting from the staff and upon your approach to the counter, you are encouraged to look at the menu while you snack on some samples the staff provides.  I was in immediate love because I usually want to know what certain things taste like before I buy, but they beat me to the punch!  After sampling the hummus, stuffed grape leaves & tabuli (all were amazing btw), we opted for the tabuli to share and then I went with the gyro and my friend went with the beef shawarma.  Both main events were loaded with great flavors, substantial in size and did not disappoint in anyway.  The tabuli was a perfect balanced side that was as amazing as my lebanese friends used to make when we were younger.I definitely recommend anyone and everyone to come check out this place whenever you have a free minute and try anything on the menu, because i guarantee it doesn't disappoint.  I can't wait to come back and try something else new!They don't have a private lot for parking, but usually street parking in the general vicinity is available.  They do take cards and there is a smaller area to sit down and enjoy your meal.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,10/12/2012,164,180,1,7,2>I decided to visit Cafe Madeleine on a quest for a croissant, and this cute corner cafe did not disappoint.  Compared to Influx, Cafe Le Opera, and K's Sandwiches, Cafe Madeleine has the best butter croissant, hands down! The croissant was very fresh, even a little warm still.  The outside was perfectly crispy and flakey, while the inside was nice and chewy.  I read in someone else's review that they get their dough from France, so this must be why they are so delicious!  The little girl at the table next to me must have loved her fresh croissant as much as I did, if not more, because after devouring the first one, I saw her return to the counter to buy a second one =p Their chocolate croissants looked equally amazing, and I will be sure to try one next time.I also ordered a single mielle latte, which is honey with espresso and steamed milk.  Delicious!  The honey added a perfect amount of sweetness, and the espresso was very smooth.I came around 8:30 am on a Sunday morning and there were not many customers, but by the time 9:30 rolled around, the place was starting to get packed.  Their customer service is great, the cashier, barista, and chefs were able to provide customers with menu recommendations.  I am eager to try one of their crepes on my next visit.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,10/11/2012,170,413,14,9,11>The premise is you order the kind of steak you want and then you cook it yourself. It's a genius concept because it's your own damn fault if you over/under cook it.There's a bunch of different spices you can massage into your steak before you slap it on the grill. But don't go overboard because you'll be the weirdo with the beer in his hand giving your meat a Swedish massage. According to the judge, that's something you don't want to be known for. The Strip Club also had to foresight to put a small placard with a handy guide in case you have no idea what the hell you're doing. *Raises hand*In case you're wondering, my steak turned out wonderful because I'm awesome. As far as the service goes, it was great and the drinks were strong-ish so what's there to complain about?Well, maybe be the lighting. There needs to be a little more of it. It was really hard to tell whether my steak was raw or cooked when cutting through it.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,10/10/2012,83,108,7,8,6>Hats off to STACKED... or more precisely, top button of my pants off to STACKED. i was so incredibly full after my meal here. the food was impeccable. the macaroni & cheese still has me craving it RIGHT NOW, YESTERDAY... and okay, every single day since the last time I had it. I'm having really bad withdrawals right now... i need my fix ASAP!!!!!!also, my burger was stacked to the max with deliciousness. what i love about this place is that when you custom make your burger and remove toppings, or whatever from your burger, the price DECREASES! yessssss!!!!! what a revolutionary idea!!!!!! it was amazing. and of course, when you add more things, the price increases accordingly. ahhhhhh i love this place.Now I shop my heart out at Fashion Valley and eat my heart out at STACKED. YESSSSSSSS.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,10/9/2012,540,650,4,6,5>wow...very good quality food.You can see and taste and efforts that were put into making their dishes.The food, interior, exterior, and a lot of small details, such as milk holder were well thought of and presented.Very cute garden outside, not a lot of shade though.Sunday brunch is pretty busy, but the food and drinks come out relatively fast.The area has nothing to offer, other than this restaurant and Costco.So, you have to drive there and then drive somewhere else, as there is absolutely nothing to do.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,10/8/2012,228,163,7,8,11>Why yes Mary, my 100th review will be my very favorite lesbian bar. A place where woman act like men, and where men are like scared puppies with their tails between their legs. I had to think of a significant place for my monumental review, worthy of David K, the yelper who got me into yelp.Haha, but in all seriousness I love this bar.  You will ALWAYS see your favorite people in here.  Its a place where everyone can have lunch, or have a cocktail, without the glitz and glamour of their gay counterparts.The staff are usually very friendly, and love to engage in conversation. They all make you feel right at home.I have made many friends at this bar, ones that I will see more of in the future. Whenever I take my straight friends to Hillcrest, Gossip Girl is always my first place I take them to on our long journey of bar hopping. The environment is very welcoming, very accepting, and everyone here just wants to have a good time (and if you're a girl, a better time). In here, I never feel judged, or looked down upon, and never feel like a person wasting space. I come here knowing I will have a blast, and everyone will be right by my side enjoying my company!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,10/7/2012,378,208,27,11,4>Do I have yarn to spin about this place or WHAT!?! But first things first...the chicken is good eats. It's not as good as Popeye's, however, you gotta give 'em credit being a mom-n-pop operation, run by what appears to be an Asian family. No sh!t. And now for my story. So I finally muster up the will power to get some fried chicken OTHER than Popeye's. I went here one night and just as I was finishing up my meal, some White kid rolls in looking rather disturbed, asking me to use my cell phone. Before I could answer, a rather conspicuous Black fellow walks in and immediately stares down the White kid. They look each other up and down before the kid takes off. Black guy takes off shortly after. Five minutes later, White kid shows up and I ask him if he's OK. I learned a couple things from asking that question:1) His name was Wally and he works for a marijuana delivery service in San Diego. 2) He was supposed to deliver some marijuana to a man that lived behind the restaurant. 3) During the aforementioned transaction, the Black dude mentioned above, was an accomplice to Wally getting robbed at gun point for his wallet, car keys, and of course, marijuana.So being the good Samaritan that I am, I offered to not only let Wally call his boss from my phone, I drove him to a nearby Starbucks where he would be safer. His boss eventually came to pick him up.The moral of the story?? It depends who you're asking. Wally would say to only sell to existing customers, or least have a better screening process with new clients. The restaurant would say they need to hire security. Me? I would say when the sun goes down, take your ass to Popeye's.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,10/6/2012,313,233,3,7,4>Last week, my antique wedding ring snapped, and a side diamond went missing. I knew instantly this was the place to go because of it's stellar reviews and Bert's helpful posts in various threads. I came in and Rose was so helpful, even with my crazy 3 year old running around. She thoroughly inspected my ring, and showed me spots where the ring was cracking and suggested to solder any weak points. To be honest, I was really nervous my ring would come back looking totally different. I have a size 4 finger and the ring is delicate, so it would be easy to see any bumps or excess metal. When I got my ring back, it was so shiny and perfect, I almost didn't recognize it! Stellar job for a GREAT price.The only small bummer,  was I checked in after they  ran my card and the offer was $25 off my repairs. When I showed it, the person helping said she thought it was only for jewelry bought there, but to bring it in next time and they would look at it :/Great job, and a huge thanks to everyone here!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,10/5/2012,105,160,6,16,6>Reading others reviews on this place leaves me shakin' my head... People need to review the place for what it is and not compare it to other places which are in another category completely! ARGH. This is a semi-fast-food chinese joint, however, one HUGE difference is that everything is made to order! It hasn't been sitting around under heat lamps for the better part of a day (and possibly even from yesterday) growing all kinds of who knows what in it... when you order, is when they start cooking. To all you snooty-snoots who want to criticize the Americanized version of Chinese food because you don't think it's authentic... THEN DON"T GO HERE! If you like chinese food with it being too chinese... you'll love it!We've always enjoyed everything we get here - orange shrimp, spicy chicken, ginger beef, fried rice, etc, etc. I truly have never had a bad meal and I always get exactly what I expect I'm going to get.The one thing that sets them even farther apart from many other restaurants around is the whole staff knows and understands what it means if a customer asks for Gluten Free. THIS IS HUGE!! We've encountered SO many places where the employees look at me like I'm speaking another language... they know it, they own it and they can deliver it. The restaurant is run efficiently and the soda machines are out of this world!If you want to see a good show - sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen. The chefs are amazing - they make every single thing and it's impressive how quickly they work.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2007,8/12/2007,126,386,6,3,4>Wow, I just don't get the mediocre reviews.  Maybe I haven't had a lot of what Chuao has to offer, but I can at least say I'm forever spoiled by their Spicy Maya bar.  It's expensive, but I'd rather have one of these than fifty Hershey bars.  And it's not the sort of thing See's offers.And don't eat it when you're hungry.  Eat it slowly.  Have a few squares with a good bottle of port.  Or eat a bit when you're atop an old pyramid, about to sacrifice a virgin.  The Mayans drank their chocolate, but always with chiles in the mix.  And I think they were on to something.  With the chocolate, anyway.  I'm not advocating human sacrifice (though I haven't tried it, so who knows).
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2007,8/11/2007,169,499,14,2,5>The best thing about EZ Take Out Burger is their blatant, unapologetic effort to copy IN-N-OUT Burger in every way possible. A hamburger at EZ's consists of a freshly grilled meat patty, lettuce, tomato, onion, and "special" thousand island sauce. They freshly cut their fries from potatoes and serve them in cardboard caddies. You can request your burger "wild thing" style that consists of grilled the patty in fried mustard, grilling onions, adding pickle, and extra special sauce. Sound familiar? Oh there's more. Ever notice the hidden "John 3:16" and "Revelations 3:20" on IN-N-OUT packaging? Well, EZ's takes the guesswork out of religious messages in Fast Food and simply puts "Jesus loves you!" right on the bag. Take that McDonalds, you anti-christ chain.Since EZ's was less than a mile from my house and stays open until 1AM every morning, I quickly developed a love-hate relationship with this convenient IN-N-OUT clone.Things I love:1. The squeaky, pimply kid running the drive-thru window who never understood why everything he said made us laugh. I think he spit in our burgers once. Otherwise, he was awesome.2. The extended menu and BLT you can only order "during breakfast hours."3. The sign of creepy waving cartoons smiling at you as you exit the drive-thru4. The "wild thing" fries.5. The Jesus reference right on the bag. (see above).Things I hate:1. The bathroom consequences from the "wild thing" fries.2. The time I accidentally ordered a boysenberry milkshake. Its horrendous flavor compelled me to throw it out the window of a moving vehicle. 3. Following a series of visits, the lbs. that appeared on my thighs without my approval.4. Waking up at 7AM for work to find an empty, greasy bag of EZs lying next to you.5. The slow and painful realization that IN-N-OUT is indeed better and worth the 1.2 mile drive.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,8/10/2007,0,0,3,7,6>On the other reviewers' testimonials I tried this place out yesterday, and it most certainly did not disappoint.  Neighborhood wise, it's not for the squeamish , but think of the 'conquest' as part of the experience.I find myself walking through the door of these places and getting those first-date-like, do-they-or-don't-they speak English kind of butterflies, but being true to the foodie credo demands that we live outside our comfort zones once in a while, right?English or no, the ordering process is brilliant in its simplicity.  You walk up to the glass-encased steamtable pans, point to something that looks interesting, and the helpful girl behind the counter explains what it is and serves you a miniature-sized portion.  I tried the pork in a brownish-orange (sorry I was hungry, so proper names escape me) sauce.   It was delicious, but so spicy it instantly numbed the inside of my mouth. Ok, next?  I settled on the very tomatoey mild chicken in red sauce, and the shredded pork - which was the closest thing I've had even comparing to the succulent moisture and flavor of a cochon de lait (Cajun slow-roasted pork) in a long long time.  It literally melted away in my mouth.The $6.85 'meal deal' is rounded out by pinto beans, some flavorful Mexican rice, and fresh corn tortillas (although mine were slightly rubbery).   And if you don't get the large horchata, you're really missing out.  The horchata was so good, I actually let out an audible slurp.  Oh well, I'm ok with just being a silly gringo.For under $10, as others have mentioned, this place is a definite go-to in my rotation.  The Sunday dinner vibe is also very warm, friendly and familial (save for the ridiculously loud novellas blaring out of the tv).So when the friends or fam come to town, sure, take them to Old Town, maybe buy them a margarita.  But if it's a truly authentic family-style Mexican meal they want, roll em up and head down to Super Cocina!  Buen provecho!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2007,8/9/2007,171,62,31,11,13>Today I went on a blind date.  One of those things I was roped into by my mother, who is utterly dismayed that her 27 year old daughter is unmarried and childless.  Anyway, back to the restaurant.  We decided to take our food "to go" and sit at the bay, seeing as it was a gorgeous San Diego summer day.  The staff was very friendly and extremely efficient.  Our meals (spaghetti with marinara, a sausage sub, and tiramisu) were ready in less than five minutes.  This can be seen as a good thing, or a bad.  In this particular case it was good, as I was ready to get through the date and head to Eric's potluck (yay, Eric!).  Another bonus to the place is that there is an awesome little Italian deli/shop attached, which made the short wait go by even faster.  My date raved about the sausage sub.  My spaghetti marinara was, well, spaghetti marinara.  You can't really mess it up but it didn't blow my mind.  The tiramisu was mediocre.  The view of  the bay was INCREDIBLE.  I'd give that 5 stars if I could.  Okay, as a bonus gift for reading this review, I'm going to list a few of the questions that my date wrote down prior to our outing, in case we ran out of things to say.  Which, apparently we did since he busted out the list.  I took the list home with me, so these are direct quotes, people:1. What's your middle name?2. Favorite age/work of art/ book3. First album you bought?4. Have you seen any interesting logos on T-shirts?5. Do you consider yourself girlish?6. You said you are nerdy, well enjoy nerdy stuff.  Name 3 ways you are a geek and 3 ways you are not a geek.7. Is there any way that I am not a geek?  ONE way!8. 7 times 9?9. Do you believe in God?10. What do you have sitting on your toilet at home?In case you are wondering, there was no consolation prize for answering all of the questions.  (That was for you, Meg!)
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2007,8/5/2007,249,153,13,9,14>The first time I visited the Boat & Ski Club we were crashing a wedding.  Well, okay, not really--but kind of.  A friend called us and said we should drop by, because the main wedding stuff was over.  We still thought it'd be tacky, so we blew him off.  He kept calling and insisting though, so we finally gave in.  Turns out he was right: the wedding part was over, the party part was on, and I was in love with the Boat & Ski Club.Okay, the place is like any clubhouse you'd find in a gated community... in the 70s.  And it actually weirdly reminds me of this one area of my grandparents' old church.  You know, if their church had a bar and pool tables.  It's set up where when you walk in it's a linoleum-floored game room (I think it's linoleum... definitely pool though.  And possibly something else...), then you cross the room and the next room is carpeted with a small stage in one corner and a bar wrapping around the opposite corner.  Outside that room is a large covered patio with a big tiled fire pit, and beyond that is a big lawn and I-don't-know-what because I've never been out that far. Draft beer is served in GIANT Dixie cups--I repeat, paper cups--so they can get a little floppy if you're too slow with your beer.  Prices for draft and bottled beer, as well as fairly stiff cocktails are all very reasonable.  Not exactly dirt cheap, but good deals nonetheless.  I'm not really sure how it ever gets planned to go to the Boat & Ski Club.  I know there's live music from time to time, but I don't think I've really paid attention to a band when I've been there.  All I know is that once in a while my man hangs up the phone and says "Baby, ________ and a bunch of the rest of them are gonna be at the Boat & Ski Club and want to know if we'll meet them there."  And the answer is yes.  After that the night is a blur of beer and ridiculousness around the fire, often ending in a shared cab home.  Now that I think about it, it's been awhile since I've caused trouble at the Boat & Ski.  This is an appalling situation that needs to be remedied.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,8/4/2007,8,2,6,5,5>Lolita's, Lolita's, Lolita's!  Where do I even begin?  Lolita's is like your old favorite sweater.  You know, that sweater.  The first instant you put it on, you knew.  Warm, snug, but not too snug, and the softest piece of cloth to ever grace your skin.  A bond was made; you and that sweater were inseparable.  Then as time passed, the sweater began to lose its luster.  The sleeve cuffs began to tatter, the color faded, and the softest piece of cloth to ever grace your skin was not so soft anymore.  Despite it's slight deterioration, you still wear it.  Maybe not as often as you once did, but you wear it nonetheless because, let's face it, you LOVE that sweater.  It has a special place in  your heart and in the end it still hits the spot.  THAT is Lolita's.Even though the service can be slow and the serving size isn't as big as it used to be, Lolita's is still the BEST Mexican food I've ever had.My Recommendations:  Try anything carne asada.  The carne asada fries or chips are good to share.  [THOSE entrees are pretty large.]  The rolled tacos with guacamole are a regular order for me.  I also like the beef tacos.  Lastly, [if you can handle the heat] the salsa is a MUST!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2007,8/3/2007,50,135,5,8,4>Its a little bit "too cool" for me; every one who is sitting in there has skinny jeans and an Apple laptop but don't let that discourage you, hands down the best espresso in the county... maybe its just the ceramic they serve it in. I like to come here and get the caffeine thing going before work.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2007,8/2/2007,82,69,15,8,8>If my boyfriend ever stopped living in San Diego, and we stopped doing this whole drive between LA-San Diego thing, I think I'd STILL have to do the 2 hour drive every once in awhile to go to this place. 'Cause that's just how fricken good the food is here.What words could possibly do justice to this authentic, flavorful Szechuan food? Maybe something Ruth Reichl could write. But since I'm not a famous food writer, let me keep this simple: THIS PLACE IS THE SHITCHUAN. It's so many awesome flavors rolled into a sizzling hot and spicy package. Everything I ordered was good. Every bite was fiery and delicious. And  don't forget to order those cold appetizers in the front. Visit Ba Ren if you like spicy, flavor intensive food. Visit Panda Express if you want Orange Chicken. God I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!!!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2007,8/1/2007,54,95,2,8,6>If you are a cheese lover, Venissimo is your version of HEAVEN!  A HUGE selection of cheeses from all over the world, a friendly and knowledgeable staff, and the ability to literally sample ANY cheese you want....that's MY version of cheese heaven for sure!Besides cheese, they also offer a limited selection of packaged crackers, fresh breads and cheese-related serving utensils and  boards.  They also have a lunch special: ANY cheese on delicious fresh bread and a piece of fruit for $4.99!  A great deal on the go or a picnic idea if your heading to Balboa Park for the afternoon!A few of my favorites include: *Fromage a Trois-a 3 layer goat cheese torta of basil, pine nut and tomato it's rich, great tasting and beautiful on a cheese plate.*Memoire- a creamy gouda with bits of truffles throughout (yes, mushrooms)-pricey but worth every penny!*Vintage Gouda-3 year aged gouda-intense but delicious flavor w/ a drier texture than most goudas.*Brillat Savarin-a triple cream cheese, buttery and gooey-great with fruit and bread!If you have a particular cheese in mind, your best bet would be to call and make sure they have it in stock.  Or you could go without checking beforehand and I am pretty sure you would still walk away with a new cheese you absolutely love-it has happened to me more than once!  This nifty little cheese shop is a "must visit" if you haven't yet.  Check it out for yourself, sample some cheese and I guarantee you'll be back for more!Oh and one more thing...you can also order online and have your cheese shipped anywhere in the U.S.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2007,7/31/2007,0,0,9,10,9>It was 5pm in L.A. on a Saturday evening. I had yet to make a lunch reservation to follow my brother's COLLEGE GRADUATION.The next day...in San Diego....for 12 people...on *Father's Day*.Damn it.It was hard enough to pin point places that were celebration-worthy, moderately priced and yum. Then came the half dozen phone calls I made to no avail.Finally, miraculously, my sister mentioned "Arrivederci in Hillcrest". I'd never been, and at at this point I didn't care. I was a woman, defeated. Even dialing the numbers seemed futile.And then....what? Excuse me mister man with thick, authentic-sounding accent? You have an OPENING? Omg, omg, omg....wait how poop does this place have to be? It's tiny, my sister says, and yet they're able to accommodate us on such short notice?Fast forward to Lali, happily sipping her post-lunch espresso, rubbing her tummy and standing corrected.From the decor (see pics!) to the service to the food...OH, the *food*! To the presentation and the espresso and the tirami-want more-su, this place was outstanding!I started off on the right foot with the appetizers:**2-in-1 fried calamari & zucchini...choosing between the two often leaves me wondering if choosing between two of your own children would be as difficult. Probably not. **Grilled eggplant with melted fresh mozzarella, basil, and marinara. Note: I recommend this one for sure.**Caprese - this was good but the portion was a bit stingy.My entree was black linguine with prawns & bay scallops in a tomato cream sauce. This was TASTY TO THE MAX. There was a touch of leek in the sauce, which also benefited from the tangy bite of each tomato chunk dotted throughout.I pecked at mushroom risotto (the arborio was a tad undercooked), linguini with seafood in lobster broth (such a flavorful, light sauce!), & portabello ravioli in cream sauce.For my first visit, I was extremely impressed, especially by the level of service. In fact, there was this over zealous, sweating, hustling guy running around pouring water for hours nonstop. My glass was at NO POINT even halfway empty! Yay, water guy!The lunch was a success and none was the wiser that Lali dropped the ball. Arrivederci HOOKED IT UP at the very last minute.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,2/24/2009,519,365,21,23,22>Happen to be walking out of Vons, in need of some caramel sauce, for a food experiment-in-progress.  I look towards where the old Cafe Solatto used to be and see YOGURT, in bright lights.  Intrigued, my brother and I go to investigate.The place has 14 flavors of froyo to choose from.  Over 50 toppings.  What else?  They have CONES! As in ice cream cones!  At .38 cents an ounce, it runs on par with other yogurt places.  What I like best about the place was that they labeled which of their yogurt flavors were actually non-fat.  Extra plus points, in my book.I got my benchmark yogurt:  plain tart (non-fat!), strawberries, captain crunch and almonds.  I was even daring and broke out of my routine and added blueberry tart!  Yum, yum, yum!  Yes...I know...I'm a dork! =DThis is the closest froyo, to my house.  With it's friendly and helpful staff (who gave us a tour and offered us froyo flavor samples), I can easily make it my favorite place to go.  So, the next time you head on over to the Eastlake Vons, check out Totally Toppings.  Have a seat and enjoy!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2009,2/23/2009,301,336,61,31,31>After the sun goes down, D Street in Encinitas is Cougar Central...and I'm not talking about Washington State University fans, ifyouknowwhutimean...  I've always heard of cougars, but I've never actually seen one in her natural habitat.  D Street is one of the few places that allow you to view a cougar in their organic surroundings, they offer food, beer and fine spirits to make your cougar sighting more enjoyable and educational.  The only thing that is missing is the interpretive galleries and individual species signs.  I recommend that they fix this oversight as quickly as possible.  Here are some things to look for if you go:COUGAR HABITAT: Cougars typically come out at dusk or hunt at night, they are nocturnal creatures.  The cougar looks for the darkened bar with many television screens that cast a favorable light on her wrinkles.  Many people report that  techno, hip-hop or R&B beats accompany cougar sightings in their area.  That was definitely the case here.  A distribution map of the cougar would show large pockets of the animal in Southern California, but they can be found all over the country, especially in major cities.  A cougar's home range size may be from 13 - 62 square kilometers, depending on the abundance of food, alcohol, dance clubs, and the individual's reproductive condition. COUGAR SOCIAL ORGANIZATION:Cougars are solitary, except during breeding season where they will often be found with two or three other cougars traveling in packs. One can tell that it is breeding season by the blatant display of mammaries in a low cut shirt or the tightness of the cougar's jeans.  One can often see the top of the thong panties sticking up over the waistline of her jeans.  Males that come into contact with the cougar at these 'breeding times' run the risk of being 'devoured.'  The typical cougar's loudest vocalization can be heard during these 'breeding times' and often one can overhear the cougar saying, 'I'm so horny!' or breaking into uncontrollable fits of laughter with her cougar friends.  Those vocalizations are often accompanied by a flushing of the face and neck areas as well as a strong smell of musk. COUGAR BEHAVIOR: Cougars are often aggressive within their natural habitat.  If another cougar is winning the affections of the target male, a particularly aggressive cougar will resort to slapping, pinching, scratching or spilling a drink on her competition.  Insults about weight or relative ugliness are a characteristic reaction to any encroachment by other cougars on a breedable male. Males that go back to the cougar's den at the end of the evening or early morning hours risk bodily injury and possibly death.COUGAR SAFETY TIPS:You will read in many places on the InterWebs that making yourself appear larger than you really are is the best way to scare off a cougar.  In the case of this species of cougar however, that could lead to more of an attachment and is to be avoided at all costs.  Don't run from a cougar!  Cougars are a powerful predator. Running may trigger an attack.  Back away slowly, offer the cougar a compliment on her hair, her eyes or how thin she looks.  This tends to defuse the situation and allow you time to plan your escape.Follow these simple rules while visiting D Street on a weekend evening and your cougar sighting experience will be both more educational and more enjoyable.  Happy hunting!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2008,2/22/2009,205,102,12,9,13>Imagine, if you will, a can of mountain dew. This can has been sitting in the sun, unopened. Someone places this can in the oven for an hour. They shake it up, walk it to you, and ask you to open it.Do you open it? Yes, i say. You open that can of Dew. You throw it at a tree. You drop it off a parking structure. You crack open that tab with adequate eye and clothes protection. You know why I would open the can instead of walking away weirdly disgusted by the persons request? Because. Someone put alot of time and some money into presenting me with something that could be fun.Like writing this review.You see, there's alot of pressure and controversy surrounding opinions about things that are as cool as U-31. Friends could be lost. Bar rumors could abound. You can literally get less sexy just by denouncing a certain bar. It's crazy and i guess I'll never fully understand all that being a hipster entails. But i say. Fuck it!I'm going to review U-31. Because, like that can of dew, someone put it there and it could be fun. .=THE REVIEW=. I say. I'm impressed by certain features. Not so much by others. Maybe it's that it's hard for me to relax and an enjoy my drunken moments when everything is orange. Maybe it's that the drinks are a tad bit on the pricey side and the cover is.. well, a cover. As we know, a cover usually means that there had better be some bad-ass band going on inside. They do play some great talent . so hmm.. why only three stars?because. 3 stars means A-OK.  It can be fun, on the right night with the right people. However, I don't feel like U-31 is one of "MY" bars. but it is a cool one. Like Really Really cool. So cool, that like, your best friend's brother hooked up with the singer from Shark Attacks sister the same night that someone saw The Dude from Blizzard disappear with some model who made out with, um you after you drank 12 pbrs and a bottle of cooks champagne before you headed down to U-31 to 'make an appearance'. IF you're that cool than U-31 is probably the shit. But seeing as how I'm not a professional musician, photographer, DJ, model, or paid actor, i officially must deem this den of coolness a 3 star winner. -2 stars for Orange and the slightly overwhelming 'cool factor'. Blam!There you have it, the mountain dew can just went off. Everybody lick up the caffeine.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,2/21/2009,40,5,8,7,7>Okay. I admit to absolutely adoring this place from the moment I sat down. It was like some sort of alternate universe...a time warp...it was almost unreal and I immediately called everyone I knew to have lunch (ON ME!!!--it's certainly cheap enough), but sadly I was ignored. They will never know the greatness that is the SD Chicken Pie Shop and the world will be a sadder place because they do not know the bliss which is the chicken pie shop...Yeah yeah it's not ultra trendy and filled with douchebags like many other local eating establishments...So what? So the food isn't gourmet shishi poopoo and is reminiscent of a Banquet TV dinner...WHo cares?This place is very comforting and unique...not to mention cheap. It's just fun and a great experience!! I remember going there on a whim with some friends and my then-husband. I brought very little cash, but I was still able to buy dinner for both me and my ex since it was so inexpensive. Whoosh...what a relief, I didn't have to bum any cash off anyone.Anyway, I loooooooove the chicken pies. And I think they are better than a TV dinner. Now that I think about it, it was better than most other chicken pies that I've had at other restaurants, including the upscale, trendy places. Yay!! Must get t-shirt next time!!! I gotta represent for the chicken pies.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2009,2/19/2009,443,74,8,11,12>I havent had my eyes checked in at least 4 years, Ive always had pretty good luck with my vision.  Within the last 2 years or so my eyes have felt strained (probably because I stare at a computer for 10 hours every day) and I see "floaters" all the time.  I finally made an appointment to get things checked out.  Dr Larsen is awesome.  He is super friendly, calming and explains everything to you in great detail in terms that are easy to understand if you arent familiar with anything related to the eye.  I told him there is a history of glaucoma and diabetes in my family.  He did a great job explaining how it could effect my eyes and checked to see if I had any of the usual signs that I might have issues related to either one.  The office was comfortable and the girl at the front desk was friendly, too.  It doesnt look like I will need glasses any time soon but I will definitely continue to come here if I need to get anything else checked out.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/5/2009,2/18/2009,72,96,13,11,10>Blind Lady, you are definitely A-OK. Unfortunately, you are blind and will never be able to read this until Yelp and the web come out in braille.Perhaps named after some woman who dared attempt to drink all of the beers, ales, stouts and barley wines you list on their chalkboard,  the Blind Lady brings the brew at a good price. However, I have not had them. Not yet.This is a review of your pizza, really. I had two to sample, thanks to the kind and generous ways of a fellow Yelper. We had the sausage and the squash varieties and I will say they were very good in a wood-fired style way, even though I am not sure you actually wood fire them.The wine selection is thin, which is fine by me as you are a brewpub. The Pinot Noir we were served was quite average but a good selection for a suds joint. All the more to sell the beer, maybe?You'll earn a four eventually, but for that, no personal-sized pizza should cost more than $10 OR your wait staff (on a slow early evening) should be ready to serve the patrons quickly and, at the bar, attentively. Then again, you're new, you're hip, and destined to be a popular spot. Maybe when the excitement wears off and the pace picks up in the back, it will all come together.I'll be back. You're a promising joint. However, I think you should take the theme a step further and give everyone blackout shades. Maybe you could issue guide dogs, or walking sticks. I would give you an extra star just for that!By the way, expand into a lunch-dinner place if you want five stars. I think people get hungry before 5, too. Geez. And I would give you an extra star for the great company I had, but... that was not your doing!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,2/17/2009,87,76,23,17,24>Twas the night of the Bolts triumph, and all through the trolley Not a person could move, but still we were jolly. The Raiders were beat, and headed back to the ghetto And we headed south, with faces rosetto. At Old Town we hopped off to hop on to the blue line When blinkety-blinkety went a red neon sign Aero Club Aero Club she flashed like a star We jumped off at Middletown, we wouldn't walk far Now leaving the station, the bar was no more The 5 blocked our view, and we needed a pour! Walking up the steep road to the overpass crossing Mat, Spencer W and I could feel our thirst tossing A dark winding ramp, scattered with litter beckoned before us, I wished I was fitter For what ogre, goblin or ghoul could be lying in wait, to make me a fool Up through the darkness, we turned and we climbed My blood was racing and my muscles were primed I gasped as we rounded one sinister nook but it was only a hobo, covered in newspaper he took Summitted finally and over the highway we skipped (okay not really skipping, more likely we zipped) And we walked and we walked and I stumbled alot Washington street stop might have been better I silently thought But at last we arrive, at this Mission Hills bar. YELP sings its praises, now time to see if rates all those stars "Barkeep, barkeep, three whiskeys make it snappy!" (Just kidding, what douche would say something so crappy) "Wow, this bar looks cool" observed Spencer, always perceptive I stepped up to the bar, with Barbara receptive Hangar Orange and soda, a Newcastle and a coke (Mat had to drive home, and DUI he did not want to invoke) This bar had the feel of a locals only place but everyone was so friendly, with a smile on their face Two patrons actually said "hi" when I walked to the bathroom I was used to averted eyes, and faces of gloom. The john there is private, and really quite clean, I headed back to the bar, quite pleased with the scene We got there quite early, right about eight but you could tell the crowd would pick up once it got late Two hours later, we closed out our bill, It was shockingly low, always a thrill! From the decor to the patrons, to the bartenders there the Aero Club is legit, you'll love it I swear ***Disclaimer, the only reason this place didn't get five stars is because I need to go back there on a weekend night and see how it is when its more crowded...but I see NO reason that it won't get bumped up to 5 stars in the near future. OH YEAH, I couldn't fit it into my Night before Christmas style poem, but the drinks here were stiff, and when I tried the Hangar Orange, Barbara (I am assuming that was her name from the pics of the place online)asked if I had tried the Hangar Lime (which I hadn't) and gave me a little free sample in a shot glass on ice...very cool.The Hangar Lime is awesome by the way...If I wasn't such a woos I could probably sip it on ice straight up.  It is a little expensive though (6.50 I think)WORD WORD WORD WORD
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,2/15/2009,243,302,7,8,8>Came here with some friends to plan a birthday bash for my Wife and our good friend Brad. Well the planing soon fell by the wayside as we were all intrigued in the challenge of venturing through this place to pick out a few bottles of wine. Javier and I dont know squat about wine, so we just went for the most bad ass looking bottle, it was called Fist Clit or something along those lines. The Lady's picked out some nicer named wines that were just as good. Wife and I started it off with a couple of Dirty Martini's with some of the best blue cheese stuffed olives I have had, and I have had a lot. We decided on the Brie plate as an appetizer, which was a damn good idea, gooey cheese melting on to a slice of bread, you can never go wrong. The whole table devoured it pretty quick. Up next was the salad (damn wine started kicking in so I cant tell you whick salad it was), it was good as well. For dinner I had the Shrimp linguine with bacon and I think crack rocks because I was addicted after the first bite. I couldn't get it down fast enough. Unfortunately for my Wife and our friend Andi, their pasta was undercooked, they had to send their food back and order something else. I could tell they really wanted to enjoy the experience but were a little let down. Sucked. Our sever was really on his game, and after a couple more glasses of wine I had to ditch out to go to practice and left my wife and friends figuring out the bill. I would totally go back again, food, drink, and service was really good to me. I just hope my wife had a good enough time to come back.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/18/2008,2/14/2009,102,157,27,16,17>Ballin'. I like to try out a place like this every once in a while, and for a younger me it was actually right up my alley. I got searched at the door which was fairly weird considering I might have mistaken it for a red lobster with bouncers, given the strip mall location. It was probably the cleanest bar I've been to in a while, like walking into a hospital waiting room or something. I must be used to some pretty shitty bars though. I came for the musical radness of Edgartronic and it didn't disappoint. The sound system, lighting, and dance floor are all upscale. They have bottle service and comfortable lounge areas for groups. It's mostly a liquor place and the mixed drink I had was alright. I'd probably up the review if I came back with a group and wasn't such a judgmental hipster. Good music and some neat people made this place fun though. This review kind of sucks
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,2/13/2009,371,261,16,21,17>I've had a lot of breakfast burritos, but Plaza Deli's Super Burrito kills the competition hands down.Most places have some sort of pre-cooked, microwaved bacon in their burritos which makes my heart cry tears of pain and anguish.  And they always seem to over do it with the potatoes and cheese to cover up their meat inadequacies.On the other hand, one bite into Plaza Deli's Super Burrito will take you to a magical world packed with breakfast sausage and CRISPY made to order bacon.  I literally stopped mid-bite because I was so shocked.  Another thing that impressed me were the short order cooks.  There were four working in the kitchen for breakfast and my order didn't take longer than 3 minutes to prepare.  You'll be hard pressed to find quicker service outside of a pho joint.The rest of the menu looks extremely good too, and there's nothing on said menu over $6.00.Definitely take the time to queue up at Plaza Deli for a quick bite.  If you have the time, sit out on the veranda over looking 4th Avenue and enjoy the noise.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2009,7/3/2009,1165,834,22,22,22>Oh-lawd-have-mercy, is this place amazing or what?I knew the Coffee Cup gets mobbed for breakfast and brunch on the weekend, so we took advantage of my day off and came here for Friday brunch instead.  We couldn't miss an opportunity to skip the weekend crowds and have a leisurely breakfast here, knowing that a group of hungry hungry hipsters wasn't breathing down our necks, trying to get us to leave.We had the following:--The Omar Special (scrambled egg whites, pesto, brown rice, veggies, mushrooms, chicken, with avocado sauce)--The Single Happiness (a deconstructed stir fry with brown rice, chicken, veggies, and peanut sauce)Both were out of this world.The server was friendly and prompt.  Easy on the eyes too, which always makes the food taste better, somehow.The Coffee Cup is easily my favorite breakfast/brunch spot in the village.  It should be yours too.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,7/2/2009,83,183,11,16,12>This is now my favorite place for breakfast, too.Pop's makes a killer omelette.  Light and fluffy - almost like a fritatta - but not quite one.  He also makes the best homefries I've ever had - literally.  I don't know how he does it, but he does.  I'm also becoming increasingly impressed with their desserts.  They are all homemade, and all above average.  I could not believe the tiramisu - it was the lightest, subtlest, most delicate version of the dessert I had ever had.And of course the cheesesteaks - I definitely prefer the bread to those amoroso rolls - but then, I am from Brooklyn.  My wife brought me home a half cheesesteak the other day, and those things are even good cold.  Man.  Five stars, EASY.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2009,7/1/2009,282,207,10,18,14>Bring on the martinis...This is a solid place. Small menu, and as my fellow chef friend has told me that means fresh never frozen food.Started off with several different martinis and they were all good. I love tasting rich alcohol, not the cheap stuff!Ordered up some chicken with mushroom cream sauce and veggies. It was capital T Tasty! It was so good! I was so surprised. All the plates served at our table were perfectly portioned, not too much not too little.What I loved most about this place was the atmosphere, quiet, dim, romantic. I loved it. Our server was very helpful with the menu items since it was our first time, and the food came out in a timely manner.After we finished our food we starting bringing on more drinks and never felt like we had to leave, which is nice! This place is a must!Good for a large group there was eight of us and we had reservations. When we arrived we were seated immediately.They have a decent looking bar if you just want to stop in for a drink.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,6/30/2009,393,158,14,21,18>The extreme uniqueness of Kava Lounge makes it one of the most eclectic establishments in town.We came to Kava for a novel lounge experience, and this please was willing and able to provide just that.Although various forms of electronica are currently my preferred musical genre, I must admit that the first song we heard upon stepping into the dimly lit lounge was a ambient trance remix of what sounded like the Tetris song. Next was a house-ish remix of "What You Wont Do for Love."Naturally, we wanted to try Kava. We ordered the Kava Colada, hoping the juice would improve the horrible taste for which Kava is known. Unfortunately, even the juice was unable to overpower the strong taste of Kava, which could best be described simply as tasting like "dust."After a sip of the Kava Colada, I knew I would be unable to take another so I ordered a beer. The hefe I ordered was a Thunderweizen by Poway-based Lightning brewery. This beer was decent as far as hefes go. It is worth noting that the beer selection was limited to only a few local breweries, including Stone. My friend had a mixed drink with Rain organic vodka and juice that appeared to be purchased from Henry's. It tasted okay.We decided to have a seat on the upper level. It was early so the animal print, big, comfy couch was available for us. The few pieces of duct tape on one side of the armrest added a nice touch of character to the couch and the lounge in general.At about 8pm or so, the seemingly goth-inspired belly dancers "Ladies of the Nile" began to perform. It was quite a novel experience, to say the least. The crowd appeared pleased by the hour-long performance by the various belly-dancing groups.Overall, the lounge is a lovely, eclectic fusion of counter cultures that provides a great space for indie and/or progressive groups to perform for a clientele seeking new and outside-of-mainstream experiences.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2009,6/29/2009,314,412,24,21,23>"NumbAR pipty two." resounded from the speakers.My friend parked in one of the many meter parking spots along harbor drive."NumbAR pipty two."/LAUGH "Are we at Seafood City?" I asked my friend.Go figure that some of the cooks here are filipino ladies. Oh hai Auntie!So my friend stared at the menu for a good 5 minutes until we decided on ordering the Mixed Treasure Plate and a Grill Tuna Salad and Cheese Melt Sandwich, and a medium drink. Patio seating + sunny day in San Diego = zOMG.So we waited until our number was called, "numbAR turty two"my friend got ketchup, tartar sauce, and lemons. The Mixed Treasure came with battered fried clams, scallops, fish, shrimp and fries, but you can get cole slaw , krab & mac salad, black beans and even WHITE RICE in lieu of the fries. That goes for any plate or sandwich order. The scallops were tiny, but still good, the shrimp was oh so frakkin delicious and so was the fish, the clams were good too. I like my fries crispy and the fries were crispy. The tuna melt was just as good as the mixed treasure plate. THE TARTAR SAUCE IS A MUST. It's not white like most tartar sauce but with a hint of pink, probably from the chopped tomatoes? that were in it. But trust me it's good.As for ambiance, don't be fooled. Tourists trap? I think not or maybe not yet. A bunch of people there were locals who work in the downtown vicinity, or like me who want to enjoy a day of people watching, seafood and a bright SD day before all the real tourists come in June-July-August.It was my first time there but once we started eating my friend said, "We need to come here more often."What is also neat is that people with boats can dock right next to the place and walk up a ramp that leads to the fishette. How cool is that?!They have beer, and you can get it in a pitcher too.There's a plethora of seating, comfy booths, or if you want to overlook the bay go around the corner.Walk N. Harbor Drive after eating and you won't feel as full. :)
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,6/28/2009,607,243,31,43,24>"Honey, I've seen it all," is what the spray tanning technician, named Christina, said after I told her I was nervous.Here's how the airbrush tanning experience went for me:1.) Went to the back room that's about 10' x 10' with a changing room & toilet.2.) I was told to take off all my jewelry and all my clothes.3.) I had to wear my hair held back and put on a shower cap4.) Then, you had to apply a thick layer of this lotion on your feet and hands, concentrating on your fingers and toes to prevent discoloring your nails. 5.) Next, you have to put on these disposable panties that was basically an elastic gstring in the back with a baggy loincloth in the front. Def not something you would wear to entice anybody.Then, I knocked on the door to let the technician know I was ready. In she came and went straight for the spray bottle and tanning solution. Out of three shades, I chose medium bronze only because it was my first time and didn't want to risk looking too bronze. There I stood, with no clothes on - nekkid in front of this perfect stranger. She looked me in the eyes and told me that I had to stand with my legs and arms apart and not touching my body whatsoever. The spraying began. She started misting the front of my upper body and I could do nothing but close my eyes. It's was REALLY uncomfortable for me, but she just misted away. I put myself in her shoes. It must suck to look at nekkid people's junk all day, but she set me at ease...although I still kept my eyes closed. I moved only when she asked me to whenever I was supposed to maneuver into a new position. Sometimes I was in the "Y" position similar to the "YMCA" move, then I had to do a semi-lunge position with my right foot forward, then the left. Um yeah - NOT my favorite move in a loose fitted loincloth. Uncomfortable would be an understatement. After a detailed misting of the front and back of my body, arms, and legs, I wanted my face to somewhat match the new golden bronze color on my body. So, she asked me to take a deep breath in and hold my breath while she lightly misted my face. Christina disconnected the spray bottle from the hose and grabbed a blow dryer and started drying me with my arms and legs still spread apart to prevent smudging. I stood there a few minutes longer ensuring that my body was dry. Christina informed me not to wash my body for about 6 hours since I have to wait for the solution to completely absorb into my skin. She said the full results take 4 hours to appear. So, depending on how well the melanin in your skin works with the solution, you can get progressively darker as the time ticks away.The whole procedure took about fifteen minutes and I was a golden tan in no time. I had an even, bronze tone with legs that looked flawless in minutes all for $45. It may be a little pricey, but I felt that an even, flawless bronze finish before a big event was definitely worth it. I would typically spend $30 for a month membership at any other tanning salon to not even get the results as I did.  I didn't look orange, I didn't have any streaks. I didn't need to make frequent trips to an unsealed coffin with light bulbs surrounding me for 15 minutes at a time. I had no risk of looking like leather face in the near future due to damaging rays. Instead, I looked like I had spent my summer in the Bahamas with how bronze my skin had gotten.I saved gas, time, and prevented skin damage all at once. Sweet.Some additional info: * Exfoliate in the shower prior to coming for your airbrush session.* Do not apply lotion so you ensure total absorption of the airbrush solution.* Make sure to wear something that is loose fitted and you won't mind if it gets temporarily stained. The solution is machine washable. *I waited 8 hours after the airbrushing and when I finally showered, I didn't use a loofah to clean my body like I normally would, just soap. The excess solution does end up in the drain, but fear not. It's like when you first dye your hair and some of it leaks out. *The tan lasts about 5 days. Supposedly it could last up to 10 days, but I prefer showering daily.Funny how we go through the silliest ordeals for beauty....
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,6/27/2009,735,735,18,17,16>Bourbon Street is an excellent gay bar for people who have ADD.  It has so many different areas that it's hard to become bored with the place in a few short hours: outside covered smoking areas with a fountain, an indoor pool room with free popcorn, standard bar and lounge areas, and a small dance floor with a live DJ and stripper pole in the rear.The stripper pole is definitely the main attraction of the back room, especially when they have a poster behind it depicting two clean cut men gazing into each other's eyes with the tag line: "you'll find it here."  If you find pictures online of someone who looks like our hero twirling around the pole, be aware that he has an identical twin that enjoys posing for pictures that would destroy any chance of him running for political office one day.PROS:- Nice varied crowd of both gay and lesbian people.- Diverse venue with a lot of areas to explore.- A dancing pole in the back.- No cover.CONS:- Not a whole lot of dancing on the dance floor.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2009,6/26/2009,413,1019,20,23,21>I've been to the Blind Lady a couple of times now - it's a great addition to the neighborhood and there are things to love. So let me count the ways:1. The beer selection. Duh. There really is something for every beer lover on the list. I like that there are local brews as well as the trendy Belgians. I love on the St. Louis Framboise like no other.2. The cheese plate. God damn, who picked these out? One of the best cheese plates in town - Serena (sheep milk triple creme), Boucheron (goat cheese slightly warmed), Taleggio (a hard cow's milk that can be compared to parmesan). The cheeses come with pistachios and marcona almonds along with dates and honeycomb. Any combination is amazing, though we all would like more crostini or crackers or even apples to put the cheese on.3. Great service and kid-friendly atmosphere. My good friends just had a kid and I am glad they can bring the kidlet out with them when we go here. Now let's talk about the pizza. It's not amazing, but it's not bad either. I'm not a fan of red sauce so I have tried the ones without (quattro fromaggio and bianca al proscuitto) and they were good. The crust is a little soggy in the center, but it's a minor issue. If you want to avoid the crowds, go on a weekday after 7. If you brave it on the weekends, go early or come expecting to wait and bring your patience pills with you and you'll be fine.One more note - they are open until midnight but the kitchen closes at 10. It would be nice to have the kitchen open until 11, but hey, most places with decent eats close at 9, so I guess a bonus hour is still good.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,6/24/2009,448,121,17,17,16>With much anticipation I awaited the arrival of Trulucks LaJolla.  As a Floridian myself I was raised on stone crab.  Fisheries for the restaurants are from my home town of Naples, so needless to say I was so looking forward to some great crab.   As I entered the massive entry of the establishment, I deemed it my "New Favorite".   Very impressive digs to say the least.  We were seated immediately.  From then on things went slightly askew...  We were a party of five celebrating a birthday.  It maybe because they don't have their game down as of yet... they had been open just six weeks when we dined.  Thirty minutes to get our drinks, criminal!  Appetizer took another 45 minutes.  Along the way forgotten soup spoons, extra butter, Ice etc... made for frustrated dinning. Nothing was amazing but the concept has promise...  3.5 hours later (may I suggest booking a room at the Hyatt next door for boredom between courses) we received our check, was not surprisingly  $420.00 for 5 people and only 3 cocktails.  After paying I noticed we were charged for 9 bottles of water when we only consumed 4.   Way too long between courses.  Waiters have an outgoing "cocky aire" about them (I understand that the amount of applicants that showed up for employment was somewhere in the thousands and that they administered IQ.  test to the call backs).  However,   I shall give them time to perfect their game and attain the status that I had unfairly built up in my mind before going.  Looking forward to second chances!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,6/23/2009,31,46,18,26,32>WOW.  I cannot express how much I love this place.  I went back Saturday night and had one of the coolest customer service experiences I can remember.  I'm originally from Texas and growing up my favorite meal ever was homemade chicken fried steak (also referred to as 'country fried steak').  I crave it all of the time, but I don't know of any place that makes it from scratch.  So I thought to myself, "You know, Cowboy Star has the ranch-theme going; maybe they should offer a Chicken Fried Steak.  Being bored one afternoon with way too much time on my hands I wrote them an email with my silly idea, and didn't give it too much thought afterwards.So Saturday Night I end up making a reservation through opentable for dinner at Cowboy Star.  The appetizers were great, particularly the braised lamb shortribs, which I have gotten every single time I have come here because they are amazing.  Also, the cocktail list is well thought out and interesting, and my margarita was made with habanero simple syrup I think, and it was the perfect mix of sweet, sour, and spicy.After clearing our plates before the steaks came the waiter (who was great, btw) brings over a freaking plate of Chicken Fried Steak!!!  They somehow cross-referenced my email with my name from the reservation, and surprised me by making, from scratch, a chicken fried steak with pan gravy and a biscuit.  Not only was this the coolest damn thing ever, but the CFS was amazing!  It was probably the most similar version I have ever had to the kind my old man made on my ranch growing up.  It was incredible.  Perfect really.  I was totally blown away by that kind of personal service.  It left me totally speechless.  Keep in mind this was a SATURDAY night; a time when restaurant kitchens are already in the weeds and probably aren't overly thrilled making something off the menu, so I appreciated the gesture on so many levels.  After the 'intermezzo' of CFS me and the GF got the skirt steak and the 35-day aged bone-in sirloin.  They were both phenomenal.  I love, love, love skirt steak, and I'm excited they offer it at Cowboy Star, and the 35 day aged bone-in sirloin is probably the best steak you can get in SD, in my opinion.  Overall I already gave this place 5 stars from my previous dining experiences, but the meal I had there this past Saturday will go down as one of my favorite dining experiences ever.  I loved everything about my night, and I owe Cowboy Star a giant 'thank you' for making it so great.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2007,9/27/2007,147,6,41,5,7>Cab to game $302 Budweiser Selects $13Penuts $4.50Having the girl you're with spill a beer on you before the game ... then accidently run into TWO of her ex-boyfriends by the 6th inning... Priceless!!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2007,9/26/2007,422,258,11,17,12>Half Price pitchers and samplers on Monday nights!  WOOHOO!And boy am I glad!  Otherwise, the prices just wouldn't be worth it.  And yes, parking is a pain.  Since I was there with a group, we had reserved one of the cabanas.  The problem with the cabana is that you've got 8 people, sitting in a booth, all sharing a single 3-foot round table.  On this table sit the drinks, the drink pitchers (and water glasses for everyone), the plates you are eating off of, and the appetizers you've ordered.  At least, the appetizers are placed on a wire stand so they can be stacked up 3 dishes high.Eventually, that table is just not going to have enough room to hold what you want it to, and will grow excessively crowded.Now, here's the useful stuff.  Go on Monday nights.  If you're hungry, get the Tempura Sampler - it's got the most food on it.  I also tried the Tokyo Iced Tea, which was made with Kiwi and was very good.  I'm not sure exactly what the contents were, but one single drink on an empty stomach left me reeling enough that I didn't feel safe to drive even after an hour of food and beverage.One recommendation for the proprietors: My group had 3 platters that came with the deep fried red peppers.  When it came time to clear the platters, all that was left were the deep fried peppers.  They might be inexpensive for you, but the customers weren't enjoying them!So get a reservation, take your friends on a Monday night, and enjoy the atmosphere and the food.  It won't be your best experience in town, but it won't be your worst, either.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2007,9/25/2007,39,8,6,10,10>"O God, that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains! That we should, with joy, pleasance, revel, and applause, transform ourselves into beasts!"  ~William Shakespeare, Othello...oh and how many times i have transformed myself into a beast at the Shakespeare, whether pounding beers on random weeknight for no particular reason, or pounding beers while watching one of their frequently hosted soccer matches (which is a given. These matches are not limited to the English Premiership, but pretty much any soccer match that is televised...whenever possible), or pounding beers on a weekend night as a precursor to going somewhere else, or pounding beers in the morning to rid myself of my hangover over fish and chips, or pounding beers during their relished Quiz nights, or, well, just pounding beers in general. I am Norm and the Shakespeare is most certainly my Cheers. Here are a few reasons why:Location - Centrally located in Bankers Hill, the Shakespeare is stumbling distance to a few other bars, notably the Starlite bar and Aero Club to the Southeast, and Bar Dynamite to the Northwest. On a larger scale, it is also no more than a fifteen minute cab ride to all the prime locations of San Diego's unique nightlife. It stands opposite Lindbergh Field and is within arm's reach of the 5 freeway.   Food - Shakespeare's menu is not only restricted to British fare, although it consists mainly of it, but other random items as well. Being that British cuisine isn't the tastiest, I've only tried a number of items, like their fish and chips (obviously) which is decent. Their burgers are aight, but not suited to match the price (I typically order the cheeseburger with blue cheese, onions and mushrooms, which comes to about $9 and change). Surprisingly, their spinach salad is my favorite. Beer - Mmmm, beer. Their catalogue consists of mainly ales, lagers, and stouts from the UK (well no shit, right?) with a few exceptions. I always go for one of my personal favorites - Boddingtons (which I lovingly call "the marshmallow of beer"). Another one of my favorites is what they call the "Poor Man's Black Velvet" - one part apple cider, one part Guinness. A pint will generally cost you anywhere between $5-$8. As for hard booze, prices also typically fall within the market range. Ambiance - Albeit i've never been to England and hence, neither to a genuine British pub, nonetheless I could attest that the Shakespeare at least looks and feels pretty damn British. From Guinness advertisements from decades ago to English Premier League football banners, the pub boasts a number of mementoes and trinkets that make it distinctively what it is. The majority of the staff (front of the house, at least) are genuine bona fide Britons.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2007,9/24/2007,159,243,11,11,10>Happy Cow is my new favorite car wash.  Usually my husband washes my car for me, but this weekend, I wanted it clean right away.  So, he took me to the secret spot he washes it.  It's a little out of the way, but if you live or work in the neighborhood, give the happy cow a try.  It's a clean car wash where everything actually works and the vacuums actually suck - in a good way.  For two bucks, you can vacuum for five minutes.  They have vending machines that have armorall pads, etc. inside.  (There are snacks inside the vending machines as well).  The prices are about what you pay anywhere, but they have everything there with all the options.  For a few bucks, you can wash the car yourself with their super sprayer thingamabobs, and they have all the choices for doing tires, polishing, etc.  There is also another section where you can use the automatic car wash.  After you drive through either the do-it-yourself or the automatic wash portion, you drive straight into the "vacuum island", as they call it.  There is a voice that talks to you when you are inside the car wash and lets you know how much longer you have, and then it thanks you for using happy cow.They shamelessly decorated the place with black and white cow patterns.  It's really quite the spectacle.  However, I love this place, and I will be back the next time my white car is dirty (in other words, very soon!)
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,9/23/2007,154,161,21,17,12>Nordstrom Rack is, well, a wreck.  It's completely chaotic and you must understand that just because a rack says it is sizes 8-12, does not necessarily make it so!You have to look everywhere, keep a sharp eye open, grasshopper, you are outlet shopping!  Wear a size 8 shoe?  Go looking in the size 5's, my friend!  Not only do folks put stuff anywhere and everywhere out of sheer overwhelmed laziness, but you may come across the odd "hidden" item.  Oh, what is the "hidden" item, you may ask?  This is a shopping ploy wherein you find something fabulous, can't get it right away, and so hide it in a rack full of clothes somewhere it will be safe!  For example, burying a cute top on a rack full of winter coats.  I once found a pair of Marc Jacobs jeans stuffed deep into a rack of granny nightgowns.  What?  Never mind why I was looking through the granny nightgowns!You need patience and preferably an entire afternoon free, especially if you want to hit up Loehmann's across the way afterwards.  And start with the clearance racks - and dig!!  Don't forget the shoes!  Nordstrom Rack shoe selection is made of goodness.Sigh.  Good times.  It's the thrill of the hunt at 80% off!Man, I love the Rack!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,9/22/2007,60,83,15,5,5>SCENESTER ALMANAC : SCORECARD : DISCONNECTED'WHITE STRIPES' COLOR SCHEME..........................+50 scene pointsLOCATED IN PARKING GARAGE.............................+20 scene pointsLOCATED IN 'NEW' PARKING GARAGE.......................-10 scene pointsGOOD MUSIC............................................+­140 scene pointsART BY LOCAL GRAF/UNDERGROUND.........................+100 scene pointsSTAFFED BY BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE...........................+70 scene pointsBEAUTIFUL PEOPLE THAT ARE GREAT AT CUTTING HAIR.......+130 scene pointsAND THAT ARE REALLY SWEET WITHOUT BEING 'TOO' SWEET...+100 scene pointsART THAT EXPLICITLY REFERENCES THE WORD 'SCENESTER'...-150 scene pointsART THAT EXPLICITLY REFERENCES THE WORD 'SCENESTER'...+140 scene pointsBONUS FOR NOT USING DATED 'HIPSTER'...................+200 scene pointsHAIRCUTS TOO SPENDY FOR YOUR AVERAGE ART STUDENT......-120 scene pointsART THAT MAKES A JOKE ABOUT CUTTERS...................+80 scene pointsBOOZE ON PREMISES.....................................+220 scene pointsNORTH PARK MULTIPLIER (X20)= 19,400CONGRATULATIONS: your hair salon is scene but not so outsider that normal people will feel threatened when they walk inside. You have struck the correct balance for success in your rapidly gentrifying locale. You also give great haircuts.(my hair was cut by Kelly and I walked out really happy...)
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2007,9/20/2007,82,61,12,26,37>On Tuesday, August 14th 2007 I got hitched.When telling people beforehand that Lindsay and I would be going down to the County Admin building to have the ceremony we were met with so much disdain that we actually started to believe that maybe the experience would be something less than perfect. It wasn't.One thing we've realized:  A big, lavish wedding ceremony with all the trimmings and trappings would have been more for our family and friends than it would have been for us.The County of San Diego offers a reasonable and yes, romantic option for those not inclined to provide friends and family with another regurgitated "fairy-tale" wedding to attend.Everyone in the building treats you great.  The security guards started smiling when they saw Lindsay approaching in her slinky black dress she picked out for the occasion holding her elegant bridal bouquet.  They had great advice for us to choose our ceremony by the bougainvillea covered gazebo facing the harbor.Upstairs in the office, there were a few other couples waiting to tie the knot.  One couple had a baby in a stroller.  One couple appeared to be in their late 40's or early 50's.  Another looked young and scared.  But we were all smiling with optimism at what this day would mean for all of us respectively.The service, like the ceremony, was short and sweet.  A small art-deco room with fake bouquets everywhere.  An actual Polaroid for a keepsake.  An official marriage license in a fancy white envelope.  It might not be enough to feel like a wedding for some but it's as perfect as you make it.  We made ours perfect.And now we are going to "take the money and run" as our city official said. . .after she let me kiss my bride.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2007,9/19/2007,153,40,20,17,14>Grrrrrrrr....Pec's is the bomb, comparative to most of the Gayborhood's haunts! Gaggles of hot guys, quite eclectic in their make-up (jocks, bears, trendies, 'hood rats, punks, twinks and the like.) Pecs is the true definition of friendly neighborhood 'hot spot.' Pool tables - CHECK! Dart boards - CHECK!  Kick-ass MP3 searchable juke box - CHECK! Cheap drinks - CHECK!Friendly, fun, unpretentious - CHECK, CHECK, double CHECK!There's something going on @ Pecs every night, though Thursdays-Sunday are usually the most popular. Free pizza on Sunday nights sums up the reason this place simply rocks (...and a few slices to soak up the booze certainly come in handy before the drive home.) Here, the drinks are so cheap, they really don't need a happy hour at all - yet they still do (but trust me, any hour at Pecs is happy hour - and I'm not just talking about drink prices.)   Pecs is perfect for a pre-clubbing whistle wetter, all night beer fest or last call booty cruise. Whatever your pleasure, Pecs will deliver...or at least get you there with a quickness.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2007,9/17/2007,230,224,11,15,12>Don't you hate when you order the wrong thing on the menu and as soon as you take a bite you are scoping out the rest of the table to see where you might possibly score something other than what you ordered? Yeah, me too....I'd been to La Torta probably 2-3 times in the past before moving away and coming back last weekend for a visit.. I had to be reminded of what was so great about this place. They have an AMAZING array of tortas. Now I'm not usually hankerin' for  torta I have to admit. At all. I love a good sammich but for some reason tortas don't especially fall into that craving. But there is something about La Torta's menu that has you wanting just about every damn thing on it. Mouth watering sounding tortas.So I ended up with the wrong torta - shit happens. It was the chicken chipotle and i guess it just tasted like cubed chicken breast mixed with chipotle sauce. Missing the lettuce, tomato etc., that the menu says comes on every torta (they're good people, but they lie dammit)....However. The thing that stands out here, is that even after ordering a dud torta, I only wanted a different choice rather than to never step foot in the place again. And I happen to think that says a lot. At least it does for me.La Torta is still a rockin' place in my eyes based on past experience and an amazing selection. I was torn between 3 & 4 stars... you make the call...  oh, and don't bother with the chicken tortila soup.latorta.com
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2007,9/16/2007,152,31,17,10,14>I've always wondered where my tastes really lie.  Sure, I like the ceremony, the very pomp of fancy food.  Waiters in red coats silently gliding about in my midst, answering my every culinary desire with telepathic accuracy...  That brings me to why then I would possibly be reviewing Hometown Buffet.  (Cue Nancy Kerrigan-esque "Whyyyyy!  Whyyyyy!  Whyyyyy!") It turns out that I also like to mush my food together like one of those now infamous KFC bowl dealies.  I just never quite grew out of it.  I blame Toys-R-Us for giving me an excuse to remain a Toys-R-Us kid.I ended up here because I wanted a loco moco from Mo's down the street but they were out of hamburger.  (Again, cue Nancy Kerrigan-esque "Whyyyyy!  Whyyyyy!  Whyyyyy!")  I didn't eat the whole day long in anticipation of my loco moco and was fairly delirious with hunger when I decided to drive West down Mira Mesa Blvd and stopped @Hometown Buffet.   Sure, I could have gone to Da Kine's or L & L, but I was on a mission and that mission was officially deferred until another day.Hometown Buffet is a lot like the Circus Circus buffet except without the TV's showing you keno results.  The food is sort of bland but not inedible.  Actually, there are quite a few things I like there.  I went there on Wednesday night, which for reasons unknown is Steak & Shrimp Night.  The steak was not great but not bad and they let me eat as much as I liked.  The shrimp was just your typical popcorn shrimp and barely worth mentioning other than for the fact it was there.  The remainder is your typical buffet fare: steamed veggies, taco bar, "Chinese" food, etc.  Nothing remarkable but well-stocked enough to find at least something ones child could stomach.Why then 4 stars?  Well, the food wasn't great but it was a lot like the food that I myself would make.  (This being Mira Mesa though, I wished that they had a big rice cooker and some adobo going.)  Actually, it's the kind of food I would make had I the initiative to bother cooking today.  It's the kind of place that reminds me of the days when macaroni & cheese WAS dinner and that a can of corn could be considered a vegetable course.  Hometown Buffet reminds me of dorm food at its best and that is intended as a compliment.  I swear that my stomach is sending sympathetic signals to my brain telling me that a paper is due tomorrow...  and I graduated from SDSU years ago.  No doubt I will wake in the morning filled with panic and dread because I have a test that day even though I don't. I also like Hometown Buffet because the staff there was really nice.  They greeted the old folks they knew by name and personally introduced themselves to those they didn't and offered to assist them.  It was nice to see.  Perhaps if things were a lot busier, that may not be the case but while not too busy there was a steady stream of folks in and out.Hometown Buffet: 3 stars for food +1 star for nice folks and nostalgia.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2009,12/6/2009,433,349,13,16,14>I am writing this review as I am enjoying lunch at Bread Bites & Moore, the restaurant is suprising larger than I anticipated with ample seating. The restaurant also offers food to go. You order at the counter but they serve you at your table. The menu is extensive offering salads from individual size up to party size, soups, rotissiere chicken and rib plates ala cart up to a family size meal, hot sandwiches, wraps, and gourmet pizzas.  There is a kids menu with good choices like chicken drumsticks or macaroni and the prices are reasonable. The restaurant suprisingly offers a breakfast menu with choices of breakfast pizzas, pancakes, eggs, and cinnamon bread bites. So since I was recently dubbed "narcissistic" by a fellow yelper..... Back to me!!  I am enjoying a chicken walnut salad that is a very generous individual size. The salad has plenty of chicken, walnuts, and feta - YUM! I had to try the breadbites. 3 decent size for 75 cents and they are well worth more.  I encourage anyone to try this restaurant. Customer service is very prompt and friendly. For some reason I got 10% off my bill but likely it is because ... It's me dammit!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2009,12/5/2009,489,320,23,30,29>I loveloveloves birds and I've been called "The Bird Lady" on more than one occasion. Why you ask ? Well, HELLOOOO !!! I am a bird lover that's why ! I currently own 2 cockatiels and a parakeet. I adopted the lutino cockatiel and parakeet, while the normal grey cockatiel was a gift (from Bird Crazy).Bird Crazy is a great place to get newbies exposed to birds. I got to feed, hold, and play with the different species of birds available from small ones like budgies to the huge and quite expensive African Greys. After my first visit, I was literally hooked !!! The staff are helpful, knowledgeable, and attentive. They really love what they do and it shows. They have everything you can possible need to care for your bird, from bird cages to food in bulk. They even handle nail and wing clippings if you're too scared to do it yourself.Thanks Bird Crazy ! Looking forward to more CRAZY visits !
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,12/4/2009,166,79,29,30,26>Whew! Make sure you come here with an empty stomach I tell yah that.  These ain't your subway sandwiches, these are some REAL subs.Sub sizes range from 8" - 18".  Cheesesteaks - Specialty sandwiches.  Their choices of fries are amazing!!!  Regular fries, garlic, Cheez whiz, garlic cheez, Jalapeno cheez, and cheese steak fries!!  You also have the choice to build your own sub.    Prices range from $5.75 - $14.25.  That's an 8" - 18"  Also depending on what type of sub you order.  We ordered and split an 18" cheesesteak with all the peppers.  Whew! I felt sorry for my asshole.  That sub was sooooooo good I couldn't resist not finishing that damn thang.  We also had our own side of garlic fries with cheese and ranch as our dip.  The cashier was awesome!  He was amazed that we wanted that type of sub.  The funny thing is that he said we could handle it cause we were brown, and he was right!  He told us that he had that sandwich before and took 2 bites and he was done.  We killed our sub.  It wasn't a bad hott, it was just a good type of spicy that didn't burn your mouth.  I'd definitely come back and probably keep coming back whenever I want a really good sub, but next time I'll think about my asshole before I go.    =)
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2009,12/3/2009,1800,266,15,26,22>This place is so effing good its ridiculous.Ham egg and cheese croissant for breakfast...you absolutely cannot get a better breakfast sammy ANYWHERE. The ham is sliced lunchmeat ham with melted cheese and a wonderful egg on the butteryest most amazingly wonderful croissant youve ever sank your teeth into.We went on Saturday for breakfast at 1215 only to find out they stop serving breakfast at 12 so we ended up getting lunch which was equally as awesome.I had a BLT which was splendid but could have used some more bacon.The bf had a killer pastrami sandwich on rye bread. So hot, so gooey and so wonderful.The french fries were absolutely out of this world. I could not shovel those steaming hot suckers in my mouth fast enough.The girls that work there are super nice and they even let me use their tiny potty!Always a good time and Im impatiently awaiting my next breakfast sammy.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/10/2009,12/2/2009,227,758,19,21,23>Another San Diego excursion that I felt was long overdue.I don't really like to ever go somewhere to wander around aimlessly without a plan, but that's pretty much what I did on Sunday's adventure.  I wasn't feeling museum-y that day, but I did know that I at least wanted to take photos at the park and to eat at The Prado.I walked...and I took photos...and I ate!Balboa is a nice place for families, particularly for families with young children and/or dogs.  The park certainly caters to children, and I especially enjoyed seeing all the artsy craftsy activities going on while live Hawaiian music played.  (Growing up my mom was an art teacher, so seeing children involved in artistic activities always holds a special place in my heart.)  The park also seems to be super dog-friendly.To me one of the most endearing aspects of Balboa is the artist village.  This charming area with brightly colored, randomly painted cobblestone walkways showcases work of local artists, with each artist having his/her own uniquely decorated rustic suite.  I like that the park has free activities/exhibits in conjunction with activities that require a purchased ticket (i.e., museums, theatres).   For example, the greenhouse-like Botanical Building is a really cool and free of charge feature at Balboa.The one thing that bothers me about the epicenter of Balboa Park is that there are cars EVERYWHERE, and to an extent the ever-present vehicles take away from the whole park experience.  I understand why there are roadways and parking throughout the majority of the park: (A) the park's in the middle of a city, and (B) there are museums scattered throughout the park.  Still, Balboa is incredibly urban to me, and not really in a good way.  There are horns honking, there are near-accidents, there are all the things that are to be expected when cars converge in unfamiliar areas with roundabouts and different parking patterns.  Balboa Park--an urban park that is "A-OK!"  A must for children.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2009,12/1/2009,350,1084,15,22,21>How could I have not reviewed this yet?  I thought I had.  I was here back in March for the Yelp Elite Event and really enjoyed it.  The steak was excellent, as was the chocolate-bacon cake, the ambiance was pleasant, and I was pleased to find we had such a nice place so near to where I live.  There is an off-street parking lot but it's not real big so you may have to park on the street if it's full, as I did that night.Flash forward to last Wednesday night when a group of the nicest Yelpers you'd ever want to socialize with went here for Happy Hour.  We all had a wonderful time, both with each other and at the establishment.  I never heard a bad word about any aspect of the placer( except that boy the drinks were stiff!).  We spent half an hour or so at the bar waiting for everyone to show up and then got seated in the dining room.I was going to get the steak but made a last minute decision to get the seafood kebab.  What a perfect choice!  It came with two skewers, not just one, and had a combination of albacore and swordfish along with some pretty strong onions and nice red peppers (green, too, I think).  I had never grilled seafood over an open fire like that but as had with the steak, they turned out just perfect.  And so melt-in-your-mouth tender and flavorful I was ready to go back and get them again the next day. I also ordered the Mac and Cheese as a side dish to share, which was rich and cheesy and good but not as creamy as I personally like.  And I had to opportunity to sample the garlicky mashed potatoes (Mmmm) and three different desserts that others ordered.  All three were outstanding--the S'Mores (we thought it would be hot but it was cool and creamy), the Chocolate Creme Brulee (crunchy on top and smooth as silk underneath), and their famous Chocolate Bacon cake (not everyone's cup of tea, but I like it and so did others).The service was excellent and we stayed till after midnight with animated conversation, diagrams being drawn on napkins,  and several pitchers of water being imbibed after we were done with the alcohol. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,11/29/2009,2074,1145,14,22,20>the cottage was a little gem of a brunch spot tucked in with all the little charming boutiques in the area.be sure to score a table outside on a nice day.  also helps to watch your car if you happen to park in the one hour spots.thankfully, we didn't have much of a wait since we arrived so late from a long hike in torrey pines.  the crowd ranged from older folks to large young groups looking for good hang over food.i have been on the quest of trying out either the eggs benedict or the eggs florentine in every brunch spot i go to.  instead, i opted to go local and ordered the eggs la jolla.  it was the benedict but with mushrooms, spinach, tomato, garlic and balsamic vinegar.it was so good that i felt like smoking a ciggie after devouring the dish.great layers of flavour and texture.  but the epicurean aventures did not end there.  since we missed brekkie and lunch, we also had the fish tacos which were the best i have ever had.the cottage fish tacos were not "fishy" at all.  it was a lightly grilled mahi mahi with cilantro, avocado, cabbage, tomato chunks, black beans, and fresh papaya salsa.if we weren't so full, i would have stayed for dinner as well.  a definite highlight to a nice weekend in san diego for this san francisco foodie.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2009,11/28/2009,637,268,29,23,23>Don't expect to have someone seat you when you arrive at Lucky's (yelp.com/biz_photos/8ecL…). Why? Because he's cooking. Don't expect someone to ask what you want to drink when you sit down. Why? Because he's cooking. Don't expect someone to take your order within the first 10 minutes. Why? Because, like I said, he's cooking.See, Lucky's (breakfast spot # 21) is literally a one man operation. Lucky does it all: he cleans the tables, he brings your drinks/food and he cooks everything. Once you walk in, you quickly get the idea that this is a Chinese restaurant with the decoration (yelp.com/biz_photos/8ecL…) and soothing traditional music. Well, everything with the exception of the menu which is strictly breakfast - American style.Lucky has eyes in the back of his head as he knows the order in which people have arrived. He also doesn't need to write your order down because he remembers everything. The prices are, by far, the most inexpensive that I've seen. I had 3 pancakes (yelp.com/biz_photos/8ecL…), 2 eggs and hash browns (yelp.com/biz_photos/8ecL…) while The Woman That I'm Currently Married To had French Toast (yelp.com/biz_photos/8ecL…) that only set us back a mere 8 bucks. Everything that we had was very good. Cash only, by the way!I asked Lucky how he acquired the name. He told me that one night, many years ago, he walked into a Mexican food restaurant on a late Saturday evening in Barrio Logan when it was filled to near capacity. He ordered some food and when he finished, he stood up on a chair and screamed out how all "you filthy Mexicans need to go back where you came from." He was then chased out into the street by 20 people which even included little ninos and ninas. The last guy chasing him (who finally gave up) yelled out, "You're lucky you a**hole," just before Lucky escaped into the night unscathed.Now, that story never actually took place. I just thought it sounded more dramatic and interesting than me saying I have no clue how he got the name Lucky. Go find out about the food and maybe he'll tell you the REAL story behind the name.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,11/27/2009,1138,193,19,26,21>THE MISSION IS BEST BREAKFAST SPOT IN SAN DIEGO HANDS DOWN! The French Toast is the Best I Ever Had here in San Diego.Since I was living in North Park I was always passed by here and saw alot of people at this location. Came here yesterday and was ready to take pictures because the first time I've been here I wasn't a Yelper. My sis asked me  "King Yelper, Where should we eat for breakfast" In my mind "The Mission" I called in and asked what time do you stop serving breakfast they replied "3pm" Holy Crap ,WOW, I figured before noon they stopped serving breakfast but if you realize it if a breakfast spot is still serving breakfast till 3pm you know its good.As we arrived at the location trying to find parking we got lucky and found one near the elementary school behing KFC right next to the Mason building. Took a snap shot photo on my blackberry in front of the mission. As we entered the aroma of breakfast enlightened my hunger more than ever. Clerk in the front wrote my name down and waited only 10 minutes not bad. Seated near the window so we had a good view of University Ave. As we glanced at the menu, I noticed they serve a  variety of meals such as the Latino Breakfast, Breakfast Pasteries, and ofcourse the Pancakes. So I ordered the hot chocolate and naked pancakes (3 stacked buttermilk pancakes with eggs and bacon). My sister ordered the strawberry banana pancakes and her boyfriend ordered the roast beef hash with Rosemary Bread and the house blended coffee because he wondered "fresh roasted and ground to meet your high standards" Okay meet my high standards i'll try it. We also asked the waitress what is the best thing they should ordered, the waitress replied "The French Toast" so we all agreed "yes, lets do it." As we examined the french toast I was the first to cut and try "OMG, This is the best french toast ever I don't think any other places can compete with it, this is the real deal"The food arrives within 15 minutes after the french toast and my sister was amazed because the dish comes out very neatly organized with garnishments to the side to give it that unique style that makes it so irresistible to consume. My sister and I quickly devoured our meal while her boyfriend felt rush. I said "Take your time, I was just really starving"That meal completed my day. I will for sure come again & again. Peace Yelp Heads! Note: To the fellas, I recommend coming here with your significant other and surprise her with the best breakfast with perhaps the best she ever had.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,11/26/2009,1165,834,19,21,21>Okay folks, this right here is definitely one of the best breakfasts in Hillcrest.  Don't bother arguing with me, because I'm right on this one.  The crazy lines to get into this place are there for good reason -- the atmosphere is cozy, the prices are about right, and (most importantly) the food here is top-notch.  When you wake up and have some serious munchies, breakfast at Cafe on Park will hit the spot perfectly.  But when sauntering over to the corner of Park & University, try to ignore the fact that Cafe on Park is sandwiched between a sketchy nightclub and an adult store.My companion and I got here bright and early on a cool, breezy Sunday morning (i.e. "autumn" in San Diego), circa 9:30am, which is early enough to beat the worst of the crowd.  The tables were full so we sat at the counter.  We looked over our menus and placed our orders in no time.  (The server dude had a wham-bam-thank-you-mam type of efficiency, which we didn't mind, although I'm sure some people might find it off-putting.  On the other hand, the ladies sitting next to us were angrily eying their particular server, who was playing on her iPhone instead of taking orders.  Eeeek.)   Anywho, speaking of efficiency, let me cut to the chase and talk about what the two of us ate:--My dining companion ordered the French toast combo.  This bad boy consists of two massive slices of whole-grain apple/cinnamon bread, berry jam, and a side of eggs (sunny-side up) and potatoes.  The amount of flavor packed into this French toast was extraordinary.  I prefer not to think about how many calories were packed in there as well.--I had the turkey hash.  I picked it because it sounded like one of the lighter options on the menu, although "light" is a very relative term when dining at a calorie-extravaganza like this.  The mountain of turkey and potatoes was so delicious, and everything was cooked perfectly and generously seasoned with rosemary.  The hash came with a side of gently buttered whole-grain toast and was topped with two eggs (sunny-side up).  It would be a cliché to say that I could eat this hash all day long -- but, in this case, that's exactly what I did, since I took all these leftovers home and snacked on them for lunch and dinner.After a thoroughly satisfying meal, we waddled out of there, happily knowing that we would smell like cinnamon and rosemary for the rest of day.  Damn squirrels wouldn't leave me alone after that.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,4/26/2014,1706,705,13,18,17>Seriously like my Disneyland!I forget how awesome Asian markets are for Superfoods! I need to remember to come here at least once a month and get my fill.This is a Korean market, so they also have Korean skincare products available.They also have eateries inside, including a very good boba bar, called, Boba Bar...I love also that they have manager specials for their pre-marinated meats.  Such an easy meal to prepare.If you haven't been here yet, you should stop in.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,4/25/2014,317,448,9,15,11>Not a bad place to thrift-shop for clothes.The main parking is kind of sketchy so it's probably just wiser to park across the street in the shopping center. It's just too easy to get into a fender bender due to the layout of this place.  I went on a weekend and it just looked like a disaster waiting to happen. So keep that in mind.Once inside, there were tons of clothes, kind of hard to find some stuff in my size (32), but I came across a pair of jeans for a costume and they were only $5.99 and to top that off, they offer student and military discount which brought it down to $5.39.  Not a huge difference on a per item basis like that, but it is definitely helpful if you're picking  up a few things.The condition of most of these items are pretty good too, my jeans looked brand new and for the price I couldn't complain.  I'll probably be back to see if I can't find some cargo shorts or something.If you're going to pop some tags, this place is good to go.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,4/24/2014,1319,279,12,15,15>Had a meeting catered by Specialty's Cafe & Bakery yesterday. I devoured the vegetarian (no cheese, no onion or any sauces) sandwich. It consisted of avocado, lettuce, tomato, pickle, mushrooms, bell peppers, cucumber, pepperoncini, sprouts, stone ground mustard on herb bread. The bread was delicious - perfect combination of herbs. Veggies were definitely fresh and flavorful. I can identify which veggie I was munching on with every bite.Since my coworker insisted I try a dessert pastry, I am happy to say I'm glad I did. I had a small muffin-size looking pastry, but I was told it was a chocolate chip cookie. I was in cookie heaven while I consumed this tiny devil of chocolate goodness.Definitely will pay a visit to this venue soon!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/23/2014,163,195,5,16,10>Another wonderful yelp find! I really enjoy exploring new places, particularly those that are four or five star reviewed by yelpers I really respect. The Luce Bar & Kitchen is one of those places, and clearly deserving of the honor. There's a special, local, bistro setting which is a lot of fun. They serve great beers and fabulous wines, but the best part, to me, is their great food including wonderful personal pizzas, burgers, salads, and other tasty treats.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,4/22/2014,563,342,5,21,7>The wait at Manna next door was actually pure luck for me as it wedged me over to Roadem BBQ next door which fortunately did not have a wait.2 words: Hidden Gem.4 more words: WAY BETTER THAN MANNA! - I have been a huge fan of Manna over the past year 2013 when I was introduced to it; yes, the quality of meat is the best. But Roadem has similar quality, but way better taste. When you see the word marinated in their menu, it is not a lie. All of their meat is marinated, and all of their meat comes punching out with huge amounts of flavor. You don't even have to dip their meat in the sauce and salt mixtures. Even their squid on their $19.99 AYCE dinner menu has flavor!This place does not disappoint, and their A dinner menu for $19.99 comes with shrimp and squid. At other places, you have to pay top dollar for any kind of seafood menu additions.If you're in a rut waiting in line at Manna, give this place a shot. You will not be disappointed in the flavorful meat. Sure beats the flavorless meat they serve at Manna!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,4/21/2014,206,469,6,16,12>As the yelp Duchess of Bleu Boheme, i am ashamed to admit that after 200 + check ins and numerous photos, i have not updated my review from 2011!Yikes. Okay, lets not live in the past. Yes, over 200 check ins. I moved to San Diego in 2011 and fell in love with the area. Wait, let me do this in order: Fell in love with a good man, fell in love with San Diego and moved near Bleu boheme and fell in love with the area so much that we bought a house in the neighborhood.The bleu boheme is not just delicious food and great drinks.Bleu boheme is also a place where we have met customers who live in the area and are amazing people and have the same admiration for the outstanding crew here at Bleu. Bleu boheme is not just a beautiful candle lit restaurant, it is a warm and friendly place where you will come in contact with professional, genuine, and thoughtful folks. Socorro for example, whose smile is contagious.Bleu is not just a beautiful bar but also a bar with the sweetest and most sincere bartender, who will remember exactly what you like and is thoughtful and considerate to you as if you are the VIP at his bar. Spend five minutes meeting GG and you will adore him! My husband and I love this place, it is more than just a restaurant. It is a beautiful part of the neighborhood and a nice part of our lives, the owner Ken is wonderful and he really has done a tremendous job with the restaurant. We love Bleu Boheme for all that it is, the food, the candles, the rustic french decor and excellent desserts. Most importantly, we love walking in here and interacting with such outstanding individuals, Toni the manager is beautiful inside and out, attentive and so professional.Customer of over 4 years and huge fan here. Highly recommend the Bleu boheme, dinner is always the best. My favorite thing on the menu is a Salmon which is not on the menu, look at the board/wall for daily fish and soups. My husband is obsessed with their beef stew.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/20/2014,247,248,8,10,7>This is most definitely a five-star bar! It's a little divey but not gross and the food is AH-MAZING! First thing's first- they seem to have a thing for Gorgonzola. It's on a burger, in their cheese quesadilla and they use it as a dipping sauce for their wings instead of blue cheese. But I'm not complaining about the Gorgonzola love. In fact, it has awakened a whole new love for it in me. My first run with this delectable cheese was on one of their burgers. First of all, their burgers are really yummy- perfectly seasoned and moist and served up with fresh toppings. Add the Gorgonzola to it and you have perfection. That sharp taste and slight creaminess... serious YUM! The next bout I had with the cheese was on their cheese quesadilla. Some might gawk at the idea of putting such a sharp cheese in something as simple as a quesadilla, but let me tell you- it works! Actually, it may be hard for me to enjoy a quesadilla without Gorgonzola in it again! My husband religiously orders their wings and swears they are the best in town. Maybe it's because they cook them  up nice and crispy- just the way he likes them, or maybe it's because they are served up with that amazingly creamy Gorgonzola sauce. Either way, he can't get enough!Ok, enough about the Gorgonzola...The service is awesome. I have literally never had a bad waiter/waitress and no matter how busy it is, we never have to wait long for food or drinks. The vibe is really laid back and all of the staff is friendly. We always strike up conversation and they are really good with their drink recommendations. The atmosphere is awesome with hundreds of beer taps hanging from the ceiling, pinball tables and even a hutch with board games and Jenga to play while you hang out. They also have a cool patio and plenty of TVs for those interested in watching the game (whichever game that might be). This has become one of my favorite places to hang out and our go-to for when we aren't sure what we want to do for dinner. We always enjoy ourselves here and I bet you will too!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,4/18/2014,197,258,9,14,10>I love this new (newish?...I may be late to the punch) restaurant in La Jolla! Came with my husband on a weeknight after Christmas and had a great time!! Gorgeous restaurant, though completely empty on a Thursday, which was a bummer because I want this place to make it!! Anyway we had our pick of tables and got a great one in the center area of the restaurant. Our server was also quite thorough, attentive, and sincere throughout dinner. So let's start with the pretzel rolls and cornbread and butter. WOW. Three different flavors of butter, with honey pecan being my fave. All so good. We ordered the day boat scallop and beef short rib appetizer, which was the RIGHT answer. Really tasty, perfectly done scallop and melt-in-your-mouth ribs with creamy cauliflower puree and huckleberry sauce. For our entrees we ordered the sauteed garlic prawns (me) and the duo of sea bass special (hubby). I don't usually order prawns or shrimp as a meal and had wanted to branch out, and they were pretty darn good with the gnocchi and broccolini. However, my husband's sea bass is what really shone...one done as a tender, meaty fillet, the other almost in the form of a crab cake. Unreal!! I may actually order that when we return...For dessert, we ordered the chocolate truffle torte which involved a bananas foster topping and banana ice cream. What?? As if that wouldn't be delicious.Need to make another rezzie and get back here quick! I thought every part of the experience was fantastic.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,4/17/2014,232,169,15,15,11>I'm somehow always here.And it's somehow always happy hour.Coincidence.Maybe.Not really.I'm an alcoholic.*As far I can tell, the best bang for your buck on the menu are the hand rolls.$3 apiece and stuffed with big chunks of seasoned fish. Jesus. You need to try this place.You might also try showing up on your birthday for the most awkward birthday celebration you've ever had, followed by the best deep fried ice cream you've ever had. Don't fight it. Just let it happen.As far as places in downtown SD goes, this place wins all kinds of awards for being perplexing. One of the walls is actually just composed of like 4 giant doors, which on busy nights are constantly opening and letting in gusts of goddamn ice air.Don't sit by the entrance. Do eat here.-----------------------------------------* Fun Fact. I can have A beer. As in ONE before I turn bright red, go insane, and fall asleep. It's a good party trick.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,4/16/2014,128,123,6,9,8>yummy! I know this place is known for their burgers but I always get the lamb meals. I love the pita, lamb and takati sauce. Food is delicious, Daphne greek food has nothing on canada steak burger.The lamb meals usually come with lamb, pita, salad and your choice of rice or fries. Plenty of food to feed 1 person.The place is small but its sufficient enough to sit, eat and leave. Canada Steak Burger isn't in the safest  neighborhood but places like this should be explored. I'll be coming back for more :D
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2008,8/1/2008,735,200,21,14,13>Went here for the grand opening even though they've been open for awhile.  I tend to be biased toward free drinks and free food.  However, I will try to be unbiased...the blended mojitos were the bomb!  The chicken tacos were a bit dry, the El pastor tacos were excellent, the tijuana hot dogs hit the spot after a few drinks and the guacamole is the best I've had in a while.  I definitely want to come back and have dinner!Service was excellent even though the place was packed.Downside was the midget mexican wrestler that tongued me and nibbled my ear.  The first midget perve I've met. HaHa!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,7/30/2008,131,64,10,14,13>This is the last stop before you hit sand. South Beach's weather-beaten bar only accepts cash and IDs patrons at the door (even during lunchtime), but continues to lure me with my favorite fish fantasy - the mahi taco. It's not all mahi tacos I crave, only South Beach's concoction of shredded cabbage, melted cheddar and the thin white sauce (still mysterious in origin) atop this piece of fish, geometrically fitted to the tortilla's specifications. Every time I try to order something else (Rockefeller would surely grumble to know the oysters here shared his name and the lobster tacos aren't even a close second), I realize that they are the sole reason for my return.It's not for their dysfunctional policy where food and drinks are ordered separately, forcing patrons to navigate the crowded bar whenever thirsty. Or for the criminal acts of line-cutting that ensue from their free-for-all philosophy about seating. Or for one of the grosser bathrooms in San Diego (mix sand with drunks and see what comes up). It's for the personification of summer on a plate. Give me two mahi tacos with a pint of Hefeweizen and its all gravy baby (#1 mahi-mahi taco nationwide).
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,7/29/2008,197,156,24,12,13>Having heard so much about this place, we decided to give it a try on the way to Erin's birthday party on Sunday.  While my bon*r pointed me towards the adult bookstore next door, my appetite guided me this oddly placed Italian restaurant with the faded sign and small parking lot.  The decor is just what you want in an Italian restaurant, dark with wood paneling.  We were seated and took a looksy at their menu, very impressive, nice variety of entrees and super-duper cheap.  The garlic bread arrived with our drinks, nice and warm and plenty of it.  We decided to start off with 2 meatballs for apps, then I ordered the Gnocchi Romano and my roommate/wife got the Chicken Parm.  The meatballs were big & tasty, which led to yet another bon*r and I cam close to leaving to check out one of the adult bookstore's famous booths, but I refrained.  The Gnocchi was awesome, nice sized portion, and the Chicken Parm was huge, we had to box more than half of each dish up.  The staff was nice, the service was great, the food was terrific and my bon*rs were firm and critical, can't wait to make it out the Volare's again.Fortunately, Eric failed to inform me that the folks at Erin's party were heading over there for dinner until we met up with them at Aero while they were leaving.  I heart you Volare, I will see you again.  I hate you Eric, I will destroy you.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,7/27/2008,4856,1798,66,28,28>Pecs-A Man's Bar.Frankly, I'm scared to write a bad review of this place. I know most of the clientele are gay, but I know damn well they could ruin me in a second!But really, if you don't mind being stared down while you drink, this is one of the best deals in town.Happy Hour goes from noon-8:00 p.m. How crazy is that? You can get a double well drink for $4. It's better known as the "Home Wrecker." That it is....Pitchers go for $7, and I think pints are $2.50.Stiff drinks, great prices, odd environment...and a real chance at dying.OH YEAH! My friend Aaron got a finger stuck in his butt at this place too. No joke. He deserved it, though.5 stars.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,7/25/2008,371,261,25,17,19>All I wanted was a couple of slices of pizza.  I got a couple of slices of heaven instead.It wasn't so much that the pizza was good - I had the Ron Jeremy and the Donald Trump and they were sufficient as far as pizza goes.  I was more impressed with the beer selection.Yes, Virginia, you could find these beers at any one of our fair city's major beer snob bars, but how many of those bars are located steps from the beach?Yea, I thought so.The second slice of heaven was the girl working the pizza oven.  Something about her working that dough, tossing it up in the air to form those perfect pizza sized shapes.  The way she spread that pizza sauce on that dough with that ladle, how she went elbow deep into the mozzarella and the way she sprinkled that cheese on that pie.  And the other toppings - oh the toppings.  How she distributed that pepperoni over the top of that pizza with machine-like accuracy sent chills down my spine.Her deft maneuvers - working on pizza, loading up slices in the oven, back to working on pizza, loading finished slices onto paper plates, loading in pizzas for baking - were a welcome respite from my Saturday adventures.I think it's time for a song...===[to the tune of New Edition - Candy Girl youtube.com/watch?v=fg2p…That girl makes pizza, a pizza girlshe bakes them pies like she out of this worldHer slices are fine, but they can be beatbut that don't matter cause she's oh so sweet!Pizza girl!You are my world!You are so sweet!And quick on your feet!Pizza girl!All I want to sayI wish I had youInstead of DiGiorno today!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,7/24/2008,13792,257,30,79,89>For Christmas I received a gift certificate from my wife for a custom mini-facial with Barb Crum.   Barb sends my wife home simply glowing with happiness after each treatment.  I knew it was going to be a special treat to get my facial.  I emailed and set up the appointment with Barb (barb@tranquilspaservices…).  She works her magic within the Welcome to Paris Spa Salon.  Check her website for hours Tuesday through Saturday or call 619-227-8238.Barb welcomed me as I entered the salon, calling me by name and offered a tea or coffee, warm drinks appropriate considering the light rain outside.   We walked back to her cozy space and she provide me some privacy to prepare.  I disrobed from the waist up and relaxed on the very comfortable and heated contoured table.  She knocked, entered and talked just a little about what to expect.  She started the facial.  It was amazing.  Total relaxation, total enjoyment.  The treatment lasted 45 minutes and was customized to meet the needs of my skin.  Barb is fantastic, so gentle, each touch careful to pamper.  It was my first facial and I highly recommended it for all the guys.  Ladies, feel free to print this review out and give it to your significant other either with a gift certificate for them or as a suggestion for that special gift occasion coming up for you.  Oh, and a special thanks to my wife for the great Christmas gift, one of the best gifts ever.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2008,7/23/2008,140,496,12,17,13>Maybe a 4.25- I'd go higher, but their food court SUCKS (Subway, some wack Italian joint, and steak escape something or another)I love me some outlets.  More specifically, I love me some outlet prices.  I made the new year's resolution to spoil myself at least once a month (I'm pretty "frugal" with my cash flow), and when it comes to shopping, this is the place I usually indulge.This place has lots of my favorites- Puma, Adidas, Skechers, along with some nicer places like Banana, J Crew, Polo, etc...  They even have a Coach outlet which my wife loves, though I dont' know what all the fuss is about.And it doesnt seem to matter when you come here, there seems to be a sale going on any given day of the year.  "Today, it's our 2nd Tuesday in July sale" or "X-mas in April sale."  At these prices, it's really hard to say no.This place gets packed on the weekends and holidays, so plan wisely.  As far as parking goes, park in the back (behind Nike).  That is usually an untapped lot, and gives you easy access to the back row of stores.  Only real complaint about this place is getting back on the highway after shopping here.  This is probably my favorite outlet in all of So Cal.  Certainly worth checking out.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2008,7/22/2008,306,190,16,15,13>This is a good place if you're ever looking for random things like baoding balls... (please don't confuse them with ben wa balls... - though, I don't know how you could - they're HUGE!)haha... I just said their balls were huge. out loud. on yelp. *o_O* aaaaaaanyways..... if you don't know what they are - google is your friend.I used to go here a lot with my parents and you can find random things from red envelopes for new year to personal fans to keep cool...If you ever just want to waste some time and find random things to decorate your house with too - they're good for that as well.Even better, Jasmine's to-go shop is right around the corner so you can load up on things like duck and egg buns when you're through. ^_^
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,7/20/2008,489,211,27,20,20>Do you ever have so much fun that you have to argue about it later?If not it means you're not married or not dating anyone.Brunch + bottomless champagne  = 2 (one early hangover and one senseless argument over a stuffed animal)Here's my recap or best recollection of the day in reverse order. Hangover(s) - in multiples throughout the night while trying to sleep on the couch.Senseless argument with Alisa - because she says I have never bought her a stuffed animal in all our years together.Helping Alisa - to the car.DRINKING CHEAP CHAMPAGNE - YOU NEED TO INSERT THIS ACTIVITY BETWEEN EVERY WORD IN THIS REVIEW FROM THIS POINT ON.Sitting in the bright sunshine - on a beautiful day drinking cheap champagne with fellow drunkards (Yelpers).Eating my third plate - of brunch at 3:00. I got my monies worthTalking to complete strangers - while drunk, inviting everyone I see to sit with us. Why? IDK. Guess I'm more social when I'm drunk.Taking pictures - Lots of pictures. Apparently I'm Stephani's new stalker . Eating my second plate - of brunch inside at our huge table. No idea what time it was.Taking pictures - Lots of pictures. Apparently I'm Stephani's new stalker.Talking - Laughing, eating, drinking, yelling across the room, trying to hear people and taking pictures because apparently I'm Stephani's new stalker.Loading my first plate - Great spread of food, Sushi, Shrimp, Potato's, Roast Beef, Eggs, Sausage, everything and I loved it all. It was good, more than good, great. The waitress was on fire with prompt refilling of our champagne. A HUGE amount of credit to our waitress for making this sooooooooo much fun!!!!!!!!!!! Walking in the door sober. Where is everyone? For once we are early but we're on time.So that was it. I think I recaptured the parts of the day that I remember.I could have described all the fun with so much more detail but it would just make everyone jealous that they didn't go.Thank you Karyn for organizing this event so that I could get yelled at over a stuffed animal.Lets do it again. Same place is fine with me. 94th Aero Squadron, I'm a big fan.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,7/19/2008,120,124,51,14,28>Oh, the Purple Church. Sunday is dollar pitchers. (or at least it used to be!) The best deal on the Sabbath you can find.Christmas Eve 2007. Chargers game. My brother has season tickets. Sarah arrives home a little sleepy from the bottle of wine she had drank with her grandma an hour before. She is looking forward to a nice leisurely night of relaxing, thinking of a warm bed as she turns her key in the door..."Sarah! Purple Church!!!!!""Oh Jesus.""Come to Purple Church with us!" My brother and his loudest friend EVER barrel out of the kitchen towards me."No way man. Bed." I point up the stairs. They are completely wasted. Now in my mind I know they are going to drive. I know it's five minutes away but this is my brother and I am a GREAT sister. So I agree to give them a ride but I am not under any circumstances going in. It's Christmas Eve, damnit. What would sweet baby Jesus say?"Wait Sarah, turn off the car for a second. I have to go see who's working the door," my brother looks to Brett. Exits the car."Hey, Sarah, what's over there?" Brett points out my window. In my tired haze I fall for it. Swoop! Brett is a blur, running towards the door. Mo Fo has my keys. I walk grudgingly into the club. The bouncer informs me "those guys over there said you were ok" and points to my brother and Brett who already have a pitcher and an extra glass for me. I pull up a stool, take the beer and watch as Brett wads up dollar bills and throws them on Stage. My brother grabs my shoulders and hugs me."Merry Christmas, Sis.""Merry freaking Christmas."
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,4/14/2012,324,343,17,12,10>"Do you have anything planned today?..www.officialsteakandblowjobday.com"That's right folks. What I once knew as Pie Day (3/14) has been violated by apparently "Steak and Blow Job Day"...? Ehh, I'll get over it and I did with a nice piece of meat. I'm talking about the steak, of course. Succulent cut of Filet Mignon to be exact. I've never been to a western style restaurant where you grill your own steak but, I'm glad this was my first experience. The restaurant is definitely swanky, dimly lit and a bit sexy when you factor in how animalistic, albeit barbaric, I look when I'm chowing down on some steak. The cuts of meat were of good quality and so tender (Porterhouse and Filet Mignon) and they had ample amounts of seasonings on the side of the grill for you to dress it as you please although we liked to go easy on it. If you suck at grilling steak there's a handy chart on the side that guides you through how to cook the slab of meat to your liking.We ordered the Truffle Lobster Mac and Cheese with our steak and it was alright. It's definitely a bit hyped up though..nothing to write home about. It's good but, I'm sure there are other sides more worthy of trying. All in all, it was a pretty good experience. It's a bit pricey for what you get but, it's worth a try if you're trying to woo someone..or get a blowjob.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,4/13/2012,282,84,21,19,17>OK, ok... I'll jump on the bandwagon 4.5 stizzles... But after 3140 reviews..."What more needs to be said?"^^^^^ Even that statement has been said already over and over!  Almost every positive comment on here is played out! - The meat just falls off the bone! = PLAYED OUT- San Diego's Best BBQ! = PLAYED OUT- San Diego's Best (period)! = PLAYED OUT- Nom, nom, nom = PLAYED OUT- #### reviews!!! = PLAYED OUT - (my previous draft Phil's BBQ review) = PLAYED OUT^^^ Yes I deleted the whole thing and now I'll just say this...If you are STILL not convinced on trying Phil's BBQ even after reading all the reviews, then (other than you might have issues) here's somethin' different (YEAH RIGHT) to consider:FACT:  Did you know... On Yelp!, Phil's BBQ is the 2nd Highest Rated (per capita) eatery in the nation?!?  *** The Yelp! Top Pound for Pound Champions per major city ***1. Ike's Place - San Francisco: 4.5 stars, 3583 reviews2. Phil's BBQ - San Diego: 4.5 stars, 3140 reviews3. Bottega Louie - Los Angeles: 4.0 stars, 2995 reviews 4. Ippudo - New York: 4.0 stars, 2940 reviews5. Bakesale Betty - Oakland: 4.5 stars, 2495 reviews6. Kuma's Corner - Chicago: 4.0 stars, 2324 reviews7. The Boiling Crab - San Jose: 4.0 stars, 2030 reviews8. The Buffet at Wynn - Las Vegas: 4.0 stars, 1684 reviews9. Paseo - Seattle: 4.5 stars, 1422 reviews10. Founding Farmers - Washington DC: 3.5 stars, 1303 reviewsWhat about other metropolitans like Houston, Dallas, Phoenix, Atlanta y'say? Nope don't even come close!  Pat's King of Steaks in Philly fails too @ 3.5 stars, 1011 reviews!!!Don't believe me? CHECK IT!*** Actually DON'T check!  This list might already be posted and PLAYED OUT too!!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,4/12/2012,350,1084,16,21,17>(Servers in bikinis?  Hmmm, hope they can stay warm on the chilly days!) Woohoo! A new Vietnamese sandwich place in the shopping center where the CVS and Souplantation are.  They just opened three days ago so it was just good luck, instinct, and the horrendous busy-ness/lack of parking in Ocean Beach on a sunny Sunday that led me here.  In fact I was on my way to Wahoo Fish Tacos when I spotted this one and decided to stop in here instead.  From the outside I thought it was maybe a Hookah Lounge, haha!Vietnamese Coffee is about $4.99, sandwiches, pork or chicken, are $8.99.  There are other drinks on the menu, too, all about the same price.I got the pork sandwich and it was delicious.  The baguette was fresh, crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside, fresh cilantro and cucumbers, a touch of mayo, tender excellently seasoned pork with just enough succulent fat left on it to make it interesting and intensify the flavors.  I want to go back to try the chicken sandwich.  The only downside was it seemed a little dry at first, but I soon forgot that while I was relishing the flavor.I debated between 4 and 5 stars but ended up deducting one because  the TV had a violent movie on and I looked up at it once to see a bloody face and another time to see a deformed person, not  very appetizing.  Oh, and did I mention the waitresses are in bikinis??  Don't let that throw you, they are as sweet and cheerful and conversational as can be.Overall I really liked this place and hope they do well!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,4/11/2012,82,188,4,9,11>I'm from San Diego but I travel back and fourth to NYC, let me just say it is the most comparable to the amazing pizza back East. It is the best pizza in SD by far! They import their water from the Bronx, and that's why it gives this pizza its authentic taste. The atmosphere is casual and the service is about what you'd expect to get at a pizza stand in NY. I have an obsession with thin crust pizza. There are a lot of places in So. Cal. that make thin crust pizza nowadays - but very few make it right - thin AND crispy. Bronx Pizza gets it right. My friend in SD told me about this place when I used to live in L.A It was so exciting to find my much searched for combo of thin/crispy pizza. I'm sooo happy now that I don't have to travel so far to get my fix! Try the Whitestone pizza, LOVESSS IT. When you get the pie, you take a piece, fold it, like you should, and BAM, you're treated to an amazing blast of flavor, texture and NYC goodness. Its funny a lot of people say they have NY attitudes as well, but hey that's what they are all about. The guys were all very nice to me tho, I think the guys that work in there are great, friendly and hilarious, and a couple times gave me an extra slice for nothing :) ESP Mike he's badass! Do yourself a favor and try Bronx, you will taste a slice of New York in every steamy bite.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/10/2012,972,479,12,16,17>RESTAURANT WEEK I LOVE YOU!  Large parking lot... it will never be a challenge unless there's a very big big big party going on.  For $30 I got the following:  (you can also upgrade to a $40 menu) First Choice: California Gold Salad----organic spring mix, bleu cheese, candied walnuts, wine soaked dried apricots & golden raisins, basil vinaigretteSecond Choice: Grilled Salt & Pepper Pork Chopsbrown sugar sauteed, honeycrisp apples, serrano peppers & leeksDessert: Third Choice: Vanilla Bean Creme Brule - ground vanilla bean, crunchy sugar top layerTupac - My date got the following: First Choice: scallops Cortez - a pair of sashimi grade scallops, chipotle buerre blanc, pico de gallo, cotija cheeseSecond Choice: Black & Bleu Line Caught Swordfish - cajun rubbed, jalapeno corn fritters, stilton belu cheese cream sauceThird Choice (dessert): New York Cheesecake The appetizers were really good.  The salad had a sweet but sour taste.. Yummy! My pork chops were so tender and juicy that I actually sucked on the bone.  Yes, I sucked on the bone you got a problem with that?! LOL.. Ghetto Fab just kicked in.   I tasted Tupac's fish (and I don't like fish) but it too was juicy and very flavorful that no salt or pepper was needed.  As far as my creme brulee... it was the cherry of all cherries.  Service was really good.  Chris our server took good care of us.  He brought us a sample of the shrimp quiche.  Really  Really good stuff.   I have no complaints at all about this place.  We were able to sit by the window that gave us a great view of downtown.  My glass of water was always full.  Tupac says "I am enjoying my night. I have a beautiful girlfriend, great view of downtown and the best service we've had in months." (BLUSH - He thinks i'm beautiful) I read reviews of this place and was a little disappointed that some people didn't have the same experience like me. One reviewer just blew me away.  For one how in the world are you going to come to this place thinking it's cheap and you'll get hamburgers.  **NOTE To people looking for restaurants to dine at** Please review the menu before proceeding to the restaurant as it will help you determine if you can afford it.   I have definitely labled Tom Ham's Lighthouse as one of my favorite restaurants in SD.  Thank you Restaurant week for making this happen.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,4/9/2012,792,572,15,17,17>I heart street fairs and the Encinitas Street Fair was THE street fair of all street fairs that I've been to in San Diego so far.My BF & I got to the area around 9:30 (it was open from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM) on Sunday morning to be greeted with very little parking spaces available.  We did a few laps on the beach side and found lots of spaces in one neighborhood that required just a little trek to the start of the slew of vendors.We spent a good three hours here and thoroughly checked out the vendors and the goods they had for sale, but not until we loaded up on some Hawaiian grub to get some energy to burn off.There are so many random things to check out here, but loved it!  I had to make another trip to the ATM because I bought more stuff than I expected.  We ended the day buying:- a silk panda printed round zip-around travel jewelry box for four bucks,- a matching panda printed mint green coin purse for a whopping dollar,- a mini Buddha that my BF wanted for his office for eight bucks,- a rose shaped jade ring for five bucks,- this handmade wooden birdie blee-blah that we hung on our front patio for twenty bucks,- a Year of the Boar coffee mug for three bucks, it was a peace offering I got for my Mama who was mad at me a few days prior, lol!- a cool island tribal-inspired print Chargers t-shirt for my boyfriend for twenty bucks,- a cute red & black tropical looking dress I bought from a husband/wife team that sold super cute dresses from Bali for thirty-eight bucks, it's for my vacation to the Dominican Republic in June...woo hoo!- two one-liter bottles of water for a dollar each in which all proceeds go to charity,- Mint chocolate Dippin' Dots for four bucks, and- a super cute Hello Kitty doll for five bucksI love looking at the jewelry that vendors sell at street fairs, but I didn't find any that striked my fancy this time around.Overall, it was the perfect day to attend this annual event and I'll be sure I return next year, they're so much fun and it's great to people watch all the folks that lug their doggies around.  It's definitely kid-friendly with all the carnival type rides and face painting they had going on for the little ones.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,4/8/2012,280,432,14,14,14>We had walked by this place about a month ago when we were playing tourist.  A friend of mine told me how much she loved this place.  A colleague of mine suggested meeting here as a way to celebrate the ending of the school year.  Not knowing what to expect, the partner and I looked at the website and their house band plays on Tuesdays.  We didn't read any more and just headed down.It's sort of non-descript if you don't know what you're looking for.  It's at the bottom of a tall condo complex.  I like the huge door in the front.  The hostess was pleasant, told us to wait, I said we were meeting some people, and she told us to wait again.  (Ok, I don't know how this works).  Since my friend made reservations, they had to check us off 'the list." (I feel important).  Told the host it was our first time here, which usually scores points because they will want you to enjoy your experience and come back.Me: Does any of this come with gold plating?It is pricey.  But if you look around and soak up what this venue has to offer, they will need to charge a premium.  The house band was already playing and they sounded "gooooooooood."  We were at one of the floor "star tables" (not really but it's a large table in one of the corners where everyone has to pass by you).  I will admit, it is quite loud so conversations had to be higher on the volume.  The place is "shwank" and chic.  We felt a little underdressed, but our money is as good as the people who were trying to impress each other.I ordered a signature Potion #9 (okay, it's a fruu-fruu drink).  I started with the asian pear and arugula salad which would have been better if it was tossed together.  The arugula was piled on top of the pear slices, dried cranberries and blue cheese.  The partner ordered the melon and prosciutto and it was on the small side from my perspective.  The melon was wrapped with the ham and included mint leaves, which changed the flavor.  Not a winner.  They did make up for that with the beef tenderloin which he really liked, if a little on the small side.  The food reminded me of that scene in L.A. Story,Harris: I'm already finished and I don't remember eating. I just had the salad and the short rib sliders (big lunch today) which were tender and spicy.  The service was great!  The server was very attentive.  The bus person didn't look too happy though.  They played Sade's concert video during the band's break...would be great to see them here live.  I can just imagine the madness.  But this would be a great place for them, and singers like Cassandra Wilson, Harry Connick, and Adele.  This is a great place to impress people, if that's what you want to do, like this one woman who we found laughable the whole evening.  I would come back but I'd probably eat dinner first before coming here to eat dinner.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,4/7/2012,1141,2216,20,22,22>I'm a carnivore whore... Cowboy Star has been on my radar for the past couple years, and finally got the opportunity to try the meat.We arrived prior to our reservation and were seated promptly in an oversized booth. Like the dim ambiance, but a bit difficult to read the menu. The server had a mini flashlight for assistance.Menu:-Complimentary Bread/butter: You have choice of bread and I chose the squaw. The server comes around for you to serve the warm bread.-Complimentary Amuse Bouche: Fig with blue cheese spread on a crustini. YUM! A nice mini-starter before the steaks arrived.-Columbia Winery - Riesling ($7): My wine was divine... -12oz NY Steak ($38): I'm not a fan of NY steak, but this steak actually had good flavor. More leaner than I'm accustomed to.-14oz Ribeye Steak ($35): My steak (med rare) was super fatty. A bit too fatty-IMO. BUT amazing flavor and very juicy. I ended up eating about 5oz of my steak and took the rest home.-Sides: Both steaks came with mashed potatoes and green beans. Both sides had very good flavors and the veggies were crunchy.The service was amazing. Our server came around frequently to check up on us and to refill our waters. Unfortunately, we didn't order an appy or dessert, but they all looked delicious. I wanted to try the sweetbreads and the lava cake, but just didn't have the room!Definitely a special occasion kinda place, so bring the platinum...Note: I don't think they do birthdays ???
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,4/6/2012,657,263,14,16,17>Sometimes you just gotta get away from the hustle and bustle of the city...This park is my favorite hidden gem. I often take my two pups here to keep them entertained. It sits high on top of a hill and is easy to miss if you drive by too quickly; best keep your eyes peeled. It's also a great little spot to eat a picnic lunch and admire the view of Miramar Lake in the distance. Great for photography novices like myself. I often go here to clear my head or gather inspiration...very serene. Except for once...there was one incident where a little girl screaming "PUPPPPYYYYY!!!!" terrorized my poor dogs which made me almost not want to go back. Almost. Gotta love kids though!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,4/5/2012,647,343,20,18,18>By now, you can probably tell by the 1500+ reviews for this place that the desserts are pretty decent.But what I've come here to say is, GET THE CHEESE PLATE.My favorite was definitely the sheep's milk Moliterno with POCKETS OF LUSCIOUS TRUFFLES. Instant cheesegasm. The Humbolt Fog, which was served with an olive tapenade, was also amazing, and I don't even like olives.If you come on Wednesday from 5-8pm, it's a $12 all you can hog cheese buffet. You can't afford NOT to!Of the 2 times I've dined in, the servers were attentive and knowledgeable. Bonus points for their dessert presentation, too. They're visually stunning.This is definitely a great place to take out-of-town visitors. (or locals...or anyone, really...)Now if you'll excuse me, in the wise words of Tina Fey as Liz Lemon on 30 Rock, "...working on my niiight cheeese..."youtube.com/watch?v=Gxqy…
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,4/10/2013,372,411,13,15,15>Is this a dream?! Fresh-tasting donuts on a Sunday night? Yes, we bought the smaller cinnamon roll and some french crullers at Mary's Donuts, and on Sunday night they were EXCELLENT!The cinnamon roll had that perfect balance between being just a little crunchy on the outside, but soft and tender inside. The French Crullers were sinfully soft and buttery in texture. We loved the maple glazed crullers and fought over them. My granddaughter nibbled some holes in the top of her pink-frosted french cruller then ran off to play. Whoops...then she returned searching in vain for the rest of her french cruller. Uh...her momma ate it!  0-:The only reason I gave Mary's Donuts 4 stars instead of 5 stars is that I clearly must return to Mary's Donuts for...uh...further RESEARCH, that's it!  (-;  It's my duty as a Yelper to eat more donuts. I'm certain they will get 5 stars out of me on my next visit. (-:I appreciated the fact that the nice lady who waited on us helped me choose between 3 donuts I was debating between. She told me which one was the freshest and most recently made, which helped my decision. It's not easy to find fresh donuts on a Sunday night, but we found them at Mary's Donuts in Santee.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,4/9/2013,302,484,7,10,9>When my husband and I were getting ready to meet friends for dinner at Cowboy Star, my husband wondered what to wear for a fancy restaurant that is also country western style.  Finally, settling on appropriate cowboy cocktail attire, we headed to our first formal dining experience at Cowboy Star.  We had been to Cowboy Star once before during a street fair.  At that time, the restaurant was converted to more of an informal BBQ, and I had ordered for a brat and Sangria.  Also, once my husband bought a couple filets from the butcher shop to grill at home. Both were good experiences.When we arrived, I really liked the small, cozy waiting area in front of the fireplace at the entrance.  We were seated and promptly served.  We had made reservations well in advance, which was probably a good idea given how crowded the restaurant was on a Saturday night.  We started off with cocktails, which were creative, and named after western movie stars and themes.  The decor and music were great, with a soundtrack that ranged from old western movies to Johnny Cash.  We were then offered an amuse bouche of venison and cucumbers, as well as our choice of rolls.  I really liked the molasses roll.  For my entree, I chose the 8 oz. filet, with an added scallop.  It was served with green beans and mashed potatoes.  While awaiting our entrees, we ordered a bottle of Syrah to accompany our dinners.  I remember that it took quite some time for our server to return to take the order, but, in the end, the wine arrived at the same time as our dinners.  My meat was perfectly cooked, and the scallop was delicious.  I really liked the charred edges of the meat, and the way it was still red in the center...just the way I ordered it.  I have to say, though, it was not the best tasting filet I ever had, but it was still really good.For dessert, I chose the salted caramel martini, which was totally amazing.  It was rimmed with caramel and salt.  I am definitely going to try to make this one at home!In the end, this was a great dining experience.  With the price of the restaurant, the service could have been a little better, and both my husband and I agreed that, though the steaks were good, we both have had better.  If I ever go back, I will be very temted to order a full plate of scallops.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,4/8/2013,297,324,4,5,4>Randomly looked at Yelp for this place, the mobile app kind of sucks as it was very difficult to find this restaurant. I had to use the full site version in order to find this place.The decor inside is very nice and appealing. But let's get down to the food! The bread was fresh and hot when they served to us; the tomato sauce that came with it was pretty good too but it was a little for my taste. I think the tomato sauce provided at Arriverderci is better. This place focused more on tomato paste (tartness)Items we ordered:Calamari d' Orati (fried calamari) - very generous portions and well fried, wasn't too chewy. the tomato sauce that came with it as mentioned above with the bread was a little tart for my preference but still goodLinguini allo Scoglio - seafood linguini basically with bay scallops, mussels, clams, shrimpThey were very generous with the bay scallops which I really appreciated. I was a little disappointed in the size of the mussels though, they were so tiny, maybe it's not the season? I wished the size was little bigger. The clams were good too. no complaints about the clam. Shrimps were large in size and plentifulThe sauce they used was less creamy and more down to clam broth and white wine. It was good but I would have preferred a more creamy sauce. The sauce was good none the less but it didn't absorb with the linguini as much as a creamy sauce could have done. Orrecchiette alla Barese - Italian sausage pasta basicallyMy friend ordered this one and I was a little skeptical at it because there's nothing really difficult or special about this dish. As expected it was nothing spectacular and after they tried my dish, they regretted ordering their dish :) especially when it was the same price! Seafood always costs more! I wouldn't mind coming here again for some authentic Italian food! But I would still think Arrivederci has won my heart in terms of my go-to Italian place to eat!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,4/7/2013,201,526,4,9,10>I love this place.  I always come at random hours, and they are always ready and waiting!  Breakfast at 3 in the afternoon?  Sure thing!  And despite it being so late in the day, it's freshly made, with wonderful presentation- they are prepared to create delicious dishes at any time of day.  I came here yesterday with a friend just to catch up and have some tea, and after looking at the menu we also ended up ordering a half order of the tiramisu pancakes to split.  Holy cow.  The mascarpone sauce that comes on top of these pancakes is insane.  Neither one of us were particularly hungry, but we literally inhaled our short stack of hotcakes.  Yum!!!  I almost never order sweets, but these were amaaaazing!  In the past I've tried lots of other dishes, all very good- I love their shrimp and corn house cakes, the chicken curry ones are also delish, the azeri style toast-fantastic.  I also enjoyed their tea-- I think they mix it up seasonally, but I had the apricot green tea, and it was lovely, especially with the pancakes!  I like the containers they have for tea to steep in- fun to use!  Service is excellent- everyone is friendly and food and drinks come out promptly, the decor is casual yet charming, and parking is fine- they have a lot, but there is also plenty of street parking.  Indoor and outdoor seating available.  Really, really wonderful.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,4/6/2013,561,742,8,13,10>Awhile back a coworker and I took on the challenge to try a different cuisine each day for lunch. After a run of Argentinian, Szechuan, Japanese, and American BBQ, we did a quick search and stumbled upon Deli SA--South African!It took us a bit to find but finally stumbled upon Deli SA tucked in a rather industrial area. The place itself is quite small and has only 1 small table with 2 chairs if you choose to dine in. There's also a small storefront with imported South African products and in our short time there, several customers came in to stock up on goods.From the moment we walked in, we were warmly taken care of by Graham--the owner of Deli SA. He gave us a great overview of his place and even showed us the kitchen which turned out to be nearly 6 times the size of the storefront! We ended up getting a few assortment of meat pies--each delish although the curry pies ended up being my favorite. Graham also gave us several types of jerky to try out and even gave us free dessert--Melktert that was just made and brought out of the kitchen from his wife.In the end, my friend and I left with filled bellies and bags of South African candies to enjoy. We thoroughly enjoyed our time at Deli SA and were excited to see them being featured on the Cooking Channel a few weeks later on Taste of Eden!LOVE this Mom and Pop Spot--A definite must try!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,4/5/2013,657,263,12,11,11>As with many New Year's resolutions, bringing sexy back is usually somewhere on the top of the average gal's list. It was on mine so what better way to ring in 2013 then with some hot new...um, undergarments.Service was decent, stock plentiful and pleasantly, the items weren't as scandalous and uncomfortable-looking as I once recall. As a teen, I remember walking through the mall with my equally immature friend. We'd blush furiously and giggle hysterically at the scantily clad mannequins and naughty advertising. Not so much today. I found a great little corset and other goodies on my last visit. I said "goodies". Teehee. I also run a side boudoir photography business so I picked up some accessories for my client's upcoming shoots. A great place to pick up some sexy attire when the mood strikes. 4 stars!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/4/2013,491,894,3,8,6>First off, you can bring your dog in here. I love that. Downtown places are foolish not to allow pets inside with it being such a walking community and more often that not walking out of the house includes your furry baby. Second, this place is CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP! Where was this a few years back when I didn't have two pennies to rub together? Produce always looks good although it's best to buy it for that particular night and eat it right away, as it should be, right? Wandering through here always yields a full basket for me in which I have NEVER exceeded 25 bucks for which would be triple at regular grocery places. Big ass box of Captain Crunch or Count Chocoula for like 3 bucks? YES! Awesome selection of soups to take for work? Yes! Cough drops to kill a bad cold for A DOLLAR! This place makes me psyched. They don't have everything a regular grocery store would have, but the essentials you'll get by just fine. The stock turns over frequently so be ready to buy up a certain kind of soup when you can but I can appreciate some change to the regular ol' flavors.They've also got a good beer/wine selection to check out, big parking lot with easy access to getting in and out of it, just watch out for the crazys of East Village but if you live down here, you're probably used to it by now.Another notable thing about these people are they do military discounts even if it is over 30 bucks. Any dollar amount would be better, but it's the thought that counts. And for that, I appreciate them.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/3/2013,271,573,5,10,6>Good gourmet burgers, but a little pricier as well. Dinner with friends: I got a jalapeno egg burger, with a turkey patty substitution. They have a pretty tasty turkey patty, which makes me happy.  Egg (with runny yolk), bacon, cheese, and jalapenos make for good stuff, though a runny yolk makes for a really messy burger. bun could be a little bigger for holding this beautiful creation of a burger.Got onion rings on the sides. It was 3 giant thick-cut onion rings (another friend also got rings, and it came in the same amount). I like the concept of giant onion rings, but here the execution just doesn't quite work. As soon as you bite into it or fold it, most of the batter starts to crumble off and the onion slides out. You gotta cram it quickly before either the crispies or the onion fall out of your hand. Also, if you're going to give giant onion rings with an aioli, putting the dip into a narrow cup that you can't fit the onion ring into doesn't work. Wife got a bison burger and fries, and both disappeared pretty quickly. We even ended up snaking the fries from one of our other friends - pretty good natural cut fries.The food is good, service was good, atmosphere is ok (maybe too many televisions, even when not facing the bar). Prices might be a bit high for the burger + side (especialy on the upsale for onion rings) compared to some of the other sit-down burger restaurants around, but then again, jalapeno egg burger and no upsell for turkey patty.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,4/2/2013,130,520,5,9,5>A place you can frequent at night in PB without the typical douchery?! Why didn't anyone tell me about this sooner... well maybe they did, but I just didn't believe them.The crowd is laid back. The service is friendly. Even saw some families there which is nice as a family restaurant in PB is a rarity.Located off Mission Blvd and Pacific Beach Dr in the plaza with the parking garage, awesome since parking can be a hassle at times in this area. *Parking is validated for 2 hours.The layout is spectacular. A large outdoor deck with long picnic tables to sit with your large group of friends or stake out a corner and share with another group... anything goes. Plant your feet on the green turf and enjoy the ocean view (from certain sections of the deck). Inside are a few high top tables or sit at the bar. Good to know: Order food near the entrance. Order beer from a separate bar area in the middle of the restaurant. One tab handles both. Did not notice table service.Beers: Craft beers on tap which rotate as to what's in season. Something for everyone, well as long as you are a beer drinker.Food: Looked delicious from what I saw however I did not try. My friends seemed to enjoy theirs though. The establishment serves up donor, kebabs, salads, and what seems to be their version of Mexican carne asada fries, looks amazing.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,4/1/2013,224,131,3,6,6>Valerio's...  I love the smell as I push through that heavy glass door...  I always know your goods are fresh out of the oven and I love the folks behind the counter!  So friendly and sweet!  1 doz pandesal is about a buck!  Are you kidding me?  So addicting I could probably finish off the entire bag in one sitting if I let myself...  :x Thank you for always being the occasional stop i look forward to on the way to work!  :)
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,4/11/2009,735,735,37,28,33>After scoring a pair of tickets to the zoo (a coworker won them in a radio promotion), our hero convinced his friend from Los Angeles to come down and go with him on the weekend to one of the most well known tourist destinations in San Diego.  Many species our hero has never heard of before can be spotted here, such as the addax, kudu, oryx, and okapi.  The habitats are well manicured and animals from every continent can be observed here in constructed habitats.  The Zoo is a major tourist draw and educational center where you can learn about endangered species and wildlife preservation efforts.They named a restaurant here after our hero too.  If anybody tells you otherwise, they're lying.Perhaps the most interesting animal to observe here though are the homo sapiens.  Various forms of this specimen can be found throughout its natural life cycle here:1. Early childhoodMothers can be seen pushing infants around in large baby transportation modules on wheels or taking them into communal lavatories to dispose of their excrement.  It is wise to give these stroller-bound youngsters a wide berth, as their caretakers will run you over with no remorse if you are directly in their line of vision.2. ChildhoodSpecimens up to age 12 can be found in "field trip" groups on leave from their learning establishments, socializing more so than learning.  Our hero observed them in this constructed habitat enjoying themselves very much, unaware that other exhibits such as the anaconda or the lion were thinking about eating them.3. AdolescenceIn this awkward phase of the homo sapien life cycle, they develop their reproductive capabilities and a temporary rebelliousness (which segregates them from homo sapiens in other age groups).  You can discern this life cycle stage with cracked voices and spotty facial hair on the males, and wild mood swings and poor application of facial war paints among the females of the species.4. Young adulthoodBefore committing to a monogamous partner (or re-committing after a divorce), many young humans can be seen here going through the motions of the courtship ritual known as "dating" in an attempt to eventually pass their genes onto the next generation by proving themselves sexier than a panther and smarter than a rhino.5. AdulthoodAt this point, the homo sapiens look nearly dead from spending over half their waking hours at dead-end work functions while worrying about their mortgages.  These adults are often seen being torn in two directions by their offspring, or lazing around fast food locations around the zoo.6. Old ageThese senior specimens are not very good to look at.  Too wrinkly.  The elephants are more impressive to observe.PROS:- A huge variety of animals on exhibit.  There's just so much to see here that you wont get bored easily.- An aerial tram and both short and long guided bus tours for those that want to see the whole park in a brief time.- Over a quarter million SD Zoological Society members can't be wrong: San Diego Zoo is a world class zoo that's worth going back to over and over again.CONS:- The lines at the Panda exhibit are ridiculous.- The children's petting zoo is a bit hard to find in one corner of the zoo and it is fairly unimpressive.- It does seem a bit cruel to keep a polar bear or a grizzly bear out in the hot climate of San Diego.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,4/10/2009,99,106,7,12,11>sometimes a restaurant takes a theme and takes it too far; cowboy start strikes the perfect balance - it rides just far enough out into the high planes while reigning in its roots with refined architectural elements and inviting warm whites and earth tones.  Now that is just the surface.  Chef, Victor Jimenez is serious about food and he handles each ingredient with care.  Take for example, the cryovacked halibut to preserve its freshness.  These little details are part of the luxury affording guests with pristinely fresh ingredients, including the chunky house ketchup and housemade fries.  Their wine list is exclusively domestic wines, which can be a yay or nay, depending on how you look at it.  on one hand their carbon footprint isn't SO big, but on the other, well, look at all those beautiful wines from everywhere but here not there.  That being said, they have a happy hour, an impressive liquor selection and no matter what you order on the menu, you will be beyond satisfied.  They also have their own exclusive butcher shop where you can stock up on sausages, steaks and hey, even a cowboy star apron.  BIG Kudos on the architecture and do not forget to use the bathrooms!  a great restaurant is not a great restaurant without a great bathroom...the bathrooms are GREAT!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,4/9/2009,312,137,19,23,19>Grab a cup of tea and get settled kids, this is going to be a long one cuz this place was one of the most unique and yummy culinary adventures I've had in awhile and...I'm bored.I had the pleasure of checking this place out with all the right foodie folk. I had to (wo) man-up and accept that my knowledge of Vietnamese food is fairly limited...salted lemonade, pho and a couple of cold noodle dishes are basically the only items I ever order. I opened the menu and had NO idea where to start.  Not a single Pho in sight...In an unprecedented move of historical significance, this self-proclaimed control freak actually let someone else order EVERYTHING .  Perhaps it was the alignment of the stars or merely a lack of sleep, but I was in just the right mood to hand over my free will. In all fairness , he is the author of mmm-yoso.typepad.com/mmm… and knows his sh** and the owner, so that helped ease me into this new territory .  All I had to do was sit back and wait for items to land on the giant lazy susan in the middle of our table, listen patiently to his explanation and keep my chopsticks under control.Our menu included Roasted Quail, "Wild" Boar, Fish Sauce Chicken Wings, Banana Blossom Salad served with a Rice porridge, Jackfruit Salad, Fried Red Snapper served on a sizzling plate, Banh Xeo (a crispy crepe with pork and shrimp) and Fried Frog legs. All were pretty tasty with the exception of the frogs legs...they just tasted like fried chicken tenders with the added bonus of hollow,  little bones that poked into my cheek...ouch! The Boar was easily my favorite. The sauce was a well balanced combination of sweet and salty and not too heavy. I can't remember the name of the dish but I believe it was listed in their specialties.The other standouts for me were the The Banana Blossom salad and Jackfruit salad.  Don't let the moniker of "salad" mislead you. Both dishes contained pretty substantial amounts of pork or duck with nary a leaf o' lettuce in sight. They were also served with crispy sheets of sesame rice chips that are perfect for scooping. The rice porridge that was served with the Banana Blossom salad had a nice texture, not gummy or too thick, with a really subtle ginger flavor that complimented the salad very nicely. I also learned about an herb I'd never had before, Shiso leaf, that came with the mound of lettuce and herbs they served with the Banh Xeo and Red Snapper dishes.  It tastes like a cross between mint and basil...hard to describe but delicious. I will be seeking it out to use at home.There were so many things on the menu I would love to try of the non-Pho variety...Caramel Sauce Shrimp and Clay Pot Catfish are at the top of the list. NOT on my list: Snails, Goat, Alligator or Venison dishes. But thought I'd throw that out there for those of you with more adventurous palates.  While we had a ridiculous amount of food (eight dishes total) shared between 5 of us...it came out to $25 including tip for each of us. I will definitely be back!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,4/8/2009,374,341,19,20,21>Pho-pho-pho-foolin!This place is no joke!The soup is a delicious, delicious treat. I chomped my way through a big bowl with veggies and tofu, perfect noodles swimming in a heady broth. The small was more than adequate to fill me up and ran about $5 and change.Pops had the Cornish game hen (looked mysteriously like chicken to me) all dressed up with a crunchy, savory skin and served with spiced fried rice--he practically licked his plate clean, boy howdy!The service was great and there is a parking lot behind the restaurant if there is no street parking.Hooray for not having to drive to San Diego proper to get my Pho fix!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,4/7/2009,51,12,10,30,19>I know a good Philly cheesesteak - I'm originally from the area.  On that note, this place is the real deal and it's one of the few in San Diego.I can't tell you how happy I was when I saw an "Amoroso's Rolls" sign in the window - the cornerstone of a genuine Philly cheesesteak.  To all of my Philly brethren - it's true, this place flies in frozen Amoroso rolls from Philly.  Was the freshness of the roll a problem?  Not in the least bit - totally soft and fresh.The "cacciatore" cheesesteak caught my eye, which is a cheesesteak with pepperoni, mushrooms, bell peppers, fried onions, and white american.  One word - outstanding.  They also have Boar's Head brand lunch meat and Tastykakes.The shop itself is pretty small, and it's a pretty "cut & dry" atmosphere - no music, a little TV in the corner which always seems to be playing the Food Network, and today's paper strewn out on a table.  I'm perfectly fine with this though.  They're prompt and polite which is all I really ask for, and they seem to take pride in what they do.  The one person that's always working there usually makes it a point to check on you while you're eating to see how everything is going.My only complaint (which I admit is a minor one) is they don't have a soda machine.  I wouldn't say that's necessarily a requirement of a place like this, but it would be nice to have.  Then again, considering the size of the shop itself I don't know where they'd put it.Anyway, this place gets 5 stars from me.  The fact that they serve a genuine, Philly cheesesteak in San Diego is enough of a reason for me to give them that rating.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,4/6/2009,433,349,44,32,33>My very good friend and I spent our lunch at F Street Bookstore today. No, there is no free food at F Street but if I disclose our true purposes, we will have to kill you. Anyway, I often forget how talkative and genuinely inquisitive my friend is, even when sober. Despite that, she and I ventured over to F Street. She and I have been there in the distant past. In fact, she talked me into going in the video section where I tip toed and threatened her not to sit, touch, or lean against anything. So, this time when we entered the store, I felt prepared. Well, they have redone the entire store and it is quite open and bright, except for the back area which we did not venture into. As soon as we walked in, I got the giggles. Nice and Mature and I am older than my friend who walked right over to the two full rows of vibrators, "Karyn! Look at this. Oh My God!"  I could not contain my laughter as she looked at and touched most of the small to quite uncomfortably large and (possibly?) life like vibrators. She turned several on and wanted me to touch them. "WTF" I giggled. Then she accosted me with several on my back and well, other places. The clerk kept glancing at us even when I tried to assure him that we were indeed 21. All the while, young men, old men, well-dressed men, greasy men ... men men men wandered in and walked past us into the video room. I suppressed the urge to yell, "dad NO" ... As i snuck away from my friend, she happened to glance at a particularly colorful and large vibrator. As she reached for it, she knocked over several in the case. I laughed until i had tears running down my face. Again, I was very mature about all of this. After we were done at the vibrator section, we went over to the lotion and gel area. I whispered to my friend, "is this lubricant?" She said, "I don't know, I'll ask" Before I could say, "it's fine" She walked over to the clerk and asked kinda loudly, "is this lubricant?" He then walked over to her to show her a long row of just massage gels and oils and then guided her over to the lubricant area. I then made the mistake of asking my friend some more specific questions about the items in that area, which she ended up having the clerk come over and describe pretty much every type of gel on the shelf, how you use it, what, where, when, why .... I know more than I will ever need to know. I will spare you the other items she questioned but I do say that I am impressed by my friend's knowledge. Now, I am knowledgeable too.  Another highlight is when my friend discovered testers of edible gel. She called me over to smell it and actually it smelled nice and fruity. I joked (I never ever learn) that it was edible. She licked her hand and said, "Wow that is good! Try it .." So of course I did or she may have called the poor clerk over once again. For all the horny diabetics out there, there is now sugar free gel and edible stuff.   The one thing that almost made me pee in pants from suppressing laughter was a "life size" doll that was $250 that yelled some (supposedly) erotic comments when she was um, Fkd. Nice       I know you all are curious and yes we (or was it just me?) purchased items and no it's none of your damn business what was purchased. Only me, my friend, and our bank statements know for sure.  Suffice to say if you want it, it is at F Street: any size, color, shape, etc.  Personally if I were ever that lonely to buy some of the larger items, I would buy them online but, perhaps many people like to see exactly what it is they are going to be enjoying.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/18/2009,4/4/2009,1299,698,32,29,32>How could I have not reviewed this place? Cruising by, I decided to stop in; I don't need to stop in here during the holidays only.   There is a recession.  I should be smarter about my money right?  I usually come in here during the holidays to get tape and other no-brainer kind of wrapping for presents. I walked in and strolled to the left: the grocery part of the store.  Fruits, canned and dried goods, deli meats and some veggies. Interesting.  Mind you, I recognized about 4/10 being major name brand products, but hey food is food.  The right side of the store is the basic household kinda stuff: plates, cleaning products, over the counter medicines, et cetera.  Indeed, given a 99-cent store, you do get what you pay for.Why would I buy a random brand of condom called - Fantasia?  Why would I buy a pregnancy test here?Why would I buy plates that may be lead laced per Prop 65? itmonline.org/arts/prop6…I don't know, but someone will.  It's 99 cents!I picked up a number of useful things.  All 99 cents each. 1 box of Kava kava (a sleep aid)1 box of MSM Complex (helps joints)1 can of Barbasol shaving cream2 cans of 8-hr Pep 'n Energy1 ice cream scoop1 bottle of AIM (the name brand) mouthwash1 pair of envelopes with bubbles for mailing (aka Bubble Mailer)1 roll of athletic tape 1 some random yet interesting book_______________________$10.62That's some good shtuff.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,4/2/2009,84,118,20,13,16>I wish this place were something more of a modern opium den where I could recline on fancy pillows while beautiful women attend to me, popping truffles in my mouth, pouring me perfect cups of drinking chocolate, and gyrating while holding large, deadly snakes. Only a certain level of genuine decadence can lead me mind to such a fantasy; this decadence can be found at Eclipse. The drinking chocolate is delicious and fulfills the Augustus Gloop inside everyone. The brownies are great, but have yet to blow my mind into tough to find fragments, As for the truffles, they are complex and delicious, smart and fun, sexy and fulfilling. They are the woman that does not exist and what I now plan on naming my first daughter for wont of the attributes, but for sexy, because, I mean, c'mon, cute or pretty, sure, but I don't need men getting all hot and bothered when my daughter, Truffle "osh kosh b'gosh ua" A. walks down the street.The decor feels a bit like a high school dance all the guys feel obligated to go to, but was clearly decorated by women. That is to say it makes sense, but feels a little bit like bubble gum. Overall, Eclipse is a definite winner and always makes a good day turn into a great night.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2009,4/1/2009,722,527,26,30,27>gracias tacos el gordo... there is no margin for error when doling out a 5 star review... and there were no mistakes here, just plain taco goodness.anytime, day or night or even 3am hours, this place packs them in... and delivers the best of the best when it comes to TJ style tacos...the GRUB:- the Carne Asada is good but not the best, but still a great taco IMHO.- can i get an amen on the Adobada (Al Pastor) tacos, tho? the real deal... sweet, spicy and grilled on the spit... served with a guacamole cream sauce, onions, cilantro and hot salsa... damn they are good.- also, my personal favorite - the "Crunchy" Tripas taco - i love the taste of chicharones... onions, cilantro, salsa... add lime. the best. hands down.- Cabeza (Beef head/cheek) and the Suadero (Beef shoulder) ~ authenticity at its finest, and you cant get these tacos just anywhere in san diego... great stuff.- grilled cebollas (green onions) and grilled green chiles - awesome... made from scratch tortillas (you can actually see them scoop the paste and then press the tortilla in an old school tortilla press, then heat it on the grill before stuffing your tacos) are even more awesome.- Mulas (with cheese) taste like butter, baby.- horchata, jamiaca, tamarindo, all sodas - all you can drink.the JOINT:- well lit and bright for 3 am - what, wha?!?- ample seating for the crowds at anytime of day- you can see the taco stations and the open kitchen as they prepare your food.- plentiful parking lot on hand.the SQUEEZE:- $1.85 per taco is a steal for the eruption of flavors and authenticity that this place delivers...- cash and cards accepted.All hail the Tacos El Gordo...the beacon has been lit ~ i'll see ya in the taco line...
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,3/31/2009,246,282,15,19,16>4 Stars alone for the name!I am rather ashamed to admit that I have no idea how to iron a shirt. Truth be told, I really don't want to know either. There are some things I have little time for and, like many busy people, laundry is one of them!In college my mother gave me a really nice iron. It remained unopened in the box until I found out that you could use to make really tasty grilled cheese sandwiches, steamed vegetables, and to reheat pizza (sorry Mom).Fast forward 10 years or so and I now have to wear grown up clothes for client and management meetings. We used to go to a really good place in UTC before we moved to North County so I decided to try this place solely because of the COOL name. It turns out that Surf C. is actually an excellent laundry service /dry-cleaners! They give fast, friendly, and insightful service and their prices are not unreasonable when one considers the time, labor, and the eco-friendly expenses involved in laundry and dry-cleaning. Over the years I have trusted Surf Cleaners with my Armani and Hugo Boss business suits and my Versace and D&G dress shirts. So far, they have never disappointed!Each garment comes back perfectly wrapped or packed and they have never made a mistake, knock on wood, in damaging or losing an item. What's also cool is that, when you bring an item in, they have the time and patience to discuss the quality, care, and price to clean each garment with you so there are no surprises. The price of service is clearly printed on your claim ticket and they do a super efficient job of having your clothes ready when promised!Rock On Surf Cleaners! Here's to the next wave of dirty clothes I bring to you!  Uhh Oh, gotta go, I smell my grilled cheese sandwich burning somewhere!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,4/23/2009,371,261,36,25,29>This carousel always seemed to be closed when I was a kid.  My pops would tell me that it was haunted, which of course made me think it was some awesome murder arena.MAXXXIMUM MURDER ARENA!!!Now, thanks to a long renovation, the carousel is running at top speed every weekend for at least 4 minutes a turn.  Children of all ages have the opportunity to relive (or finally live out) those fantastically fun-filled fantasies they had riding a menagerie of seemingly randomly placed animals.  Last time I was there, I rode a cat.A CAT.It's also one of the few carousels around that still offers the brass ring special!  The last time I was there a little kid freaked out when he snagged the ring.  It was cute, in a special way.Protip: The fun factor is raised exponentially relative to the number of disproportionately made Irish Car-bombs.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2009,4/22/2009,168,74,15,18,15>People fish at lakes??? I thought the sole purpose of a lake was so runners have something pretty to circle...I think Lake Miramar is a nice place to run with very few cars. The few drivers I did encounter were well aware of my presence and respectfully slowed down to pass me. I'm not sure of the elevation here, but the near 5 mile course is flat enough not to be challenging, while still requiring a little more effort than a perfectly flat, low-elevation path. All in all, it was a nice and relaxing run, EXCEPT for the pesky swarms of bugs that seem to always come out at dusk. But, you have to take the bad with the good, and the cooler weather and pretty sunset were good enough perks to offset the bug that torpedoed itself into my nostril.The last leg of the course is across a bridge where you'll have a view of the lake on one side and the city on the other.... incredibly peaceful way to end a run and start your cool down.I plan to return again to run and to bike this path. I thought about rollerblading it, and there were a handful of rollerbladers there the last time, but the pavement isn't quite smooth enough for that, in my opinion.It's so hard to leave this piece of man-made heaven that they resort to threatening visitors with signs indicating the gates will close at 7:30PM sharp, so if you're not out, you and your car spend the night. Honestly, I wouldn't quite mind.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,4/21/2009,1165,834,24,22,21>Normally I won't touch most adult boutiques with a 10-foot pole (heh heh), because they usually scare me away before I ever make it through the front door.  They tend to be in sketchy areas and attract questionable folks.  But not Mankind!  This shop is tidy, well-organized, and located on a scenic block that straddles (heh heh) the border of Hillcrest and Bankers Hill.  This store is totally legit and -- dare I say -- pretty classy!  It really cracks (heh heh) open most of the stereotypes that you have about adult shops.  I dropped by last weekend while I was passing by while running errands.  Mankind carries just a huge selection of about every kinky article of clothing, accessory, adult DVD, or "toy" that you can think of.  In fact, Mankind also carries lots of interesting items that I guarantee you have *never* ever thought of.  And if you're into leather, then Mankind just might be a little slice of heaven.  Overall, the decor, disco atmosphere, and lively music make it a fun to place to shop...and expand your horizons.I admit I didn't buy anything here during my visit -- hey, sex toys and designer underwear ain't cheap! -- but I will certainly be back if I need anything to assist with my "bidness".It doesn't matter if you're gay, straight, bi, trans, or other.  Check out Mankind regardless of who or what you do behind closed doors.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,4/20/2009,368,405,16,14,16>It's been a few months since I moved downtown, and I hadn't found a coffee shop that I could go to, that was within walking distance, that I actually liked.I'm sitting here at Cafe Noir, the Padres just won another game, and the place is packed, making it impossible to finish my Anthro paper.  I say this, as a good thing.Do I want, Coffee, or Beer?COFFEE OR BEER?Do I really want to work right now?I'll take a beer.Anyway,  Free wi-fi is always awesome, and the tiny booths in the front are comfortable with the help of these pillows.  The people who work here have an awesome taste of music, which is a huge plus. And they were super friendly, making small talk which I don't see that often. Outside on the front patio, they're cooking something delicious, which all the fans are grubbing down on.Enough yelp talk, back to work. Or not.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,4/19/2009,83,183,15,18,19>The gelato here is out of this world - that's a given.  Besides this being the best gelato I've ever had in my life (so smooth, thick and ribbony), other notables include the wonderful coffee drinks and the really chill atmosphere.  I love coming here with my wife and sitting down with some coffee - we have this thing where we try not to speak a word of English while we are in here.  I haven't tried any food yet, but I intend too.  I've been here several times, and it's hard for me not to get a few different gelato flavors and a rich smooth gelato latte or a dark marocchino.  Some of my favorite gelato flavors here: limone, pera, arancia, nocciola, e pistachio.  The fruit flavors are always so crisp tasting and the cream flavors are soooo rich.  I'm not sure yet if you can get better gelato in Italy - I'll find out when I go.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,4/18/2009,128,69,9,12,10>This place... Oh man, where to start, it is either a good time or a good story...As soon as I walk in I think that I "get it" but in the end I really don't.  Pretty much all of the waitresses are wearing out of control boobie shirts replete with push up bras, fishnets, hot pants, big shoes, and the hair and make up to round out the icing and cherry.Normally the entertainment, so I am told, is loud mariachi.  The night that I went it was a guy who fancied himself a latino crooner... He was just below "okay", he was no Luis Miguel.  The music was way too LOUD.  It made it impossible to have a conversation.  Essentially my friend and I sat across from one another and ate dinner alone.  After a while one grows weary of having to shout "WHAT???!!???" across the table every other word.Enough about that.The restaurant is clean.  The service is slow and spotty.We ate different kinds of ceviche and one cooked dish.  In my opinion, this is the best Mexican ceviche that I have eaten in San Diego.  The mariscos were fresh, they were prepared well, and perfectly spicy.  The portions were excellent.I am looking forward to eating there again...except, I will sit as far from the live entertainment as possible.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,4/17/2009,269,89,18,17,19>Tradition, that is what the Living Room is.  I grew up here in San Diego (one of the few) and I know that I have been to the living room every year of my life since I have been able to drive.Located on Prospect st. in La Jolla, this coffee house has provided some great memories.  Always a calm crowd inside and for some reason, there usually seems to be somebody you know, I don't know why but probably 9 out of 10 times there is another friendly face that you have crossed paths with in your past.In high school I used to come down here and trick girls into giving me kisses, or use old pick up lines I read about online, like "how would you like your eggs in the morning, scrambled or fertilized?"  How lame was I!  Obviously it never worked, she always said scrambled.The coffee was always a treat and there is nothing better than some Living Room hot cocoa in the winter times when my San Diego blood is freezing, maybe I should just put on some shoes instead of wear the sandals.  The sandwiches taste fresh, their drinks are creative and delectable, the location is amazing, the staff is friendly, the atmosphere is great for board games...quiet conversation...or studying.  The living room is my favorite place to meet a friend in San Diego and I will be here in 20 years from now doing the same thing.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/7/2008,4/16/2009,113,52,47,21,25>Guy meets hot girl at a show, get girl's phone number.Guy meets up with girl a couple days later, she lives down the street from Numbers.  Guy and girl roll to the bar hoping to get drunk and silly enough to make bad decisions.Guy (Straight Guy, mind you)  ends up making out with some dude in the bar for free drinks and some sort of bet.Guy ends up still going home with the girl and having hot sexytime, apparently she was into that shiz.  Good times were had, Numbers was responsible for the boozing to get to that point....thank you.ps....Guy also wasnt aware of a photographer at the bar at the time and wound up in the next weeks photo section of the Gay and Lesbian Times. So apparently Numbers is your shot at fame as well.edit: For the record, this happened a while ago, but I just remembered it....probably about a few years ago....not like I did this yesterday...I'm not so wild anymore
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2009,4/15/2009,314,412,19,27,17>I am not your die hard hiphop head, sneaker head, what have you.Nikes are not my daily footwear, let alone sneakers. I listen to Blackalicious, Emanon, A Tribe Called Quest, The Roots, etc.I am not a B-Girl.But I do enjoy a shirt that isn't from forever 21 and shoes that actually have laces once in awhile.Upon entering Attic(no it was not my first time there) three workers were situated in the front of the store chatting amongst each other. A 'hello' would have been nice or some sort of acknowledgment. Well that didn't happen. As I made my way to the back to the store where there was a mass selection of Creative Recreation shoes. One of the workers approached my friend and asked him if he wanted to join the emailing list, for a special sale they were having over the weekend and they would send out an email to people with a 'password' to enter the store.Okay hey buddy THANKS FOR ASKING ME! Not.Considering my friend and I were the only ones in the store.We were still looking around but we were making our way to the front of the store and I guess they thought we were leaving and said 'bye.' Okay sure yea, acknowledge us when we're leaving.Besides having not so great customer service, the selection of shoes and shirts were pretty nice. I'll go else where or buy online.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,4/13/2009,413,1019,23,32,29>I swear I lived in the South in another life - that's the only explanation I have to how much I crave southern food and especially soul food. And while I usually have my soul fed at Sister PeeWee's when I am in SD, I could not resist dropping in here after reading on other reviews that Bonnie Jean's serves chicken and waffles.So off I went to a section of SD that I have never been to in the 31 years that I have lived here and walked into this unassuming cafe next door to a liquor store. It kinda reminded me more of places that I have been to in Harlem than being in the South, but no matter. I sat down (because I wasn't gonna be a wuss and just get my food to go) and ordered a sweet tea to start. (Now that I think about it, I should have had the kool-aid, next time.)I ordered the mac-and-cheese balls along with the chicken and waffles and soaked in the atmosphere while I was waiting. They sell a random assortment of cards and knick knacks, which were fun to look at. There were also framed family photos on the wall and a framed photo of Obama next to an MLK one on the shelf next to me. Made me feel like I was in someone's dining room more than a restaurant.So the mac and cheese balls - mac and cheese with bits of chopped jalapenos rolled into a ball, dredged in seasoned breadcrumbs, then fried. The mac and cheese was great and adding the jalapenos gave it a kick. I loved these and would have eaten all three in the order if I was being a glutton, but since there were still chicken and waffles to come, I restrained myself.Good thing - the waffle was huge and fluffy - they bring you melted butter for it - great idea. The fried chicken was good but not the best I've had. Still better than any fast food place. The pieces were huge and the chicken was juicy but it was missing something. There is hot sauce on the table so I guess I could have used that to make it spicier but I wasn't going to rely on my experimentation today.Being suitably stuffed, I got a box for the rest of the mac and cheese balls and the drumstick I didn't eat and also grabbed a piece of red velvet cake to go. The red velvet cake did not last long in the fridge. It was worth the wait - two layers of moist and dense red velvet goodness. They use just enough cream cheese frosting  studded with chopped pecans. A great piece of cake.I am so plotting a return trip. Nomnomnom.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,3/24/2012,245,33,21,15,16>4.5 stars rounded up.I am such a skank.  I had two "dates" for Valentine's day.  The first one was with my daughter at one of our favorite Thai places (review to follow), my second date was with an old friend.  A pity date of sorts.  But hey, take em where you can get em, right?My friend is in very good with the owner here, so as soon as we showed up we were seated promptly (and we got pissed off looks from couples with actual reservations).  My last few visits I had not been so lucky.  Apparently you should make reservations about a week in advanced if you don't want to sit next to strangers.We sat in the upper section with the view of the street.  We watched couples in love, holding hands... yea, I wanted to punch someone in the face.  However there is communal seating by the pizza oven and a whole gaggle of seats on the lower section.In the back of the restaurant is a wine corner.  My friend went over and grabbed a bottle and there may or may not be a corking fee (I didn't see the bill).  Since it was Valentines day they only had a prix fixe 4 course meal at $65/person.  You could also order pizzas, but the regular menu was not available which disappointed me a bit.  There are yummy options to be had on their regular menu.The decor was beautiful.  My friend told me that the wood paneling is from old fences all around San Diego.  It had a very rustic yet elegant feel to it.  The service was great.  My wine was constantly filled, as was my water.  My utensils were replaced after every dish which I thought was a classy touch.  Every time I have been here everything has been impeccableThis is a great place to take somebody to show them that you care.  It will definitely make a girl feel special; even is she is just your friend.  However if you keep taking her to quaint little places like this she may change her mind :)
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2011,3/23/2012,227,758,24,34,28>We'd been past due for a new 5-star dinner experience...Bencotto was nearly empty when my boyfriend and I showed up for our 6PM dinner reservations last Friday and bustling with activity when we left an hour later.  Great location, space.  Industrial-chic with lots of cement and exposed piping.  Very clean.We started with the small salumi (cured meats plate) for $14, which was very nice and a good potion for the price.  The highlight, however, was the gnocco fritto we chose--tigella is the other option--to accompany the meat plate.  Prior to dinner I'd been unfamiliar with gnocco fritto, "lightly fried puffed pasta dough," and am so happy to have been introduced to this delightful food!  The little sandwiches produced from combining gnocco fritto with the meats were Heaven.Because we beat the dinner rush our waitress permitted my boyfriend to try 2 different sauces when he made the request, so he split his $12 house-made gemelli pasta entrée between the Bencotto sauce (pink pancetta sauce) and the salsiccia sauce (sausage in spicy tomato sauce).  I went with the house-made gnocchi with salmone sauce (creamy salmon sauce) for $12.  Both pastas and 2 of the 3 sauces--I didn't fall in love with the sausage sauce like I did the others--were home runs.  Couldn't get over the generous minefield of perfectly cooked salmon chunks in my dish.Such affordable, high-quality food.  Also good bread and very, very good olive oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping.So Kristin, you've been raving about how delicious yet inexpensive this place is, so surely portions must be on the small side, right?  Nope.  Should have brought part of my entrée home but I couldn't bear the thought of the salmon overcooking during reheating.  I was stuffed after dinner, though we did share an app, a bottle of wine ($15 corkage fee), and 2 baskets of bread.  I probably looked a few months pregnant in my dress.Service was nice in an understated way.  My only complaint is that our waitress tossed our wine bottle cork--we like to keep our corks--instead of setting it down on the table. What a great dinner!  Looking forward to many more here.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,3/22/2012,569,319,9,13,7>Got to check out TWO new joints today...Somehow I ended up here tonight for dinner and here's the laydown. Service was great and our food came out like in a blink of an eye! No lie! It must have been under 5 minutes or so. Okay, I don't want to overhype the expedience, but it was rather very fast. MENU: It was a great mix of Chinese and Thai dishes. Our server said that one of the owners was going to Thailand to study the sauces and food!! WOW! You know I'll be back in a month or so to see if they've incorporated any new flavors. FREE: As you sit down, they give you complimentary sweet & sour sauce and fried wanton chips. My first taste of the sauce was a bit funky. But, as I kept eating more I grew to like it.DECOR: Pretty cute with Asian lantern balls and artwork along the walls. Very clean and new. Anyway, we ordered Pad Thai ($8.95) and Thai Chicken ($9.95). Both portions were generous and taste was pretty good too. If you're lookin' to get an Asian fix, check it out. OHhh, but they don't have salt & peppered chicken wings. :(
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,3/21/2012,283,119,7,12,10>So I FINALLY effing made it here after trying to get her for 2 centuries, and was definitely NOT disappointed.My friend and I sat (and dined) at the bar for happy hour. I would definitely say this is the way to go unless you're willing to throw down a fair bit of cash on dinner. Which I'm not opposed to, but for dining on the Dee El, you'd best pop in between 5-6:30. The new bartendress, Sarah, was completely AWESOME and I can't wait to go back and dine with her again. She was hilarious, and took care of us the whole time we were there. She has some pretty legit bar experiences under her belt (you can ask her), so it's rad that she's bringing it to Jayne's. The girl knows her craft cocktails, and I can't wait til the Parisian (Parisienne?) is on the menu! My friend and I started with the crostini with white bean puree. It was good. I think I would have preferred it warm... but maybe that is gauche of me to say. We then shared the happy hour fish tacos and slider hamburger thingy. Fish tacos were really good. Hamburger was probably one of the best hamburgers I've had in San Diego EVER. I'd definitely go back for that hamburger and fries again. It had aged cheddar, and (pickled?) red onions and was just all-around lovely.I'll be back!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,3/20/2012,302,349,8,8,5>Berkeley Vegan Pizza = YUMM!!!I ordered it small (10" w/ 6 slices) and after 15 minutes when the pizza came out fresh, I just could not believe my eyes. Are they sure it's VEGAN?!? I had to re-read the ingredients: Marinara sauce. Check. Vegan cheese. Check. Veggie burger crumbles. Check. And veggies! Double check. YES, yes, YES!! Yay!! Plus it's organic. Double yay!!MMmmmmMM!! I had to dine-in and ate everything in one sitting. The place was quite warm inside though, I think they can definitely benefit from installing (or turning on) A/C. It's a small place, but perfect for a quick lunch date with a girlfriend or just enjoying the pizza solo-style (me!). Plus, they have a TV with Food channel on. LOL... I think take-out is still your better bet.They also have gluten-free options and they donate 30% to autism charity if you purchase gluten-free. How cool is that?As for vegans, you can order anything vegan if you ask. ;) Definitely better than other pizza joints around here.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,3/18/2012,395,201,7,9,9>Second time coming here the first time was on a Friday for happy hour . Place was packed couldn't  find any place to sit so we left. This time pretty packed but ended up scoring a seat at the bar! Pretty small place patio out front and another patio runs down the side of the building. Inside bar has about 8 seats and there are about 10 to 12 tables inside. Even sitting at the bar it took some time to get a beer this place is out of control!Went on TION Weekend. Which is when they have a bunch  different Russian River beers on tap that end in Tion.Tried to get Pliny the Elder  a  Double IPA  but they were out said they went through 4 kegs on Friday, wow! Instead started with a Blind Pig IPA   6 % good hoppy beer.                                                     Got a mortification too sweet  for me and had a sharp bite at the  end, and comes in at 11 %. Next had Damnation Belgian style ale 7% , great mellow crisp , tasty beer very good beer. Ended with Rejection, black beer, 6.1 %,nice dark porter another great beer. The bar menu did look good but didn't order any food , and the smell of garlic in the air from the garlic fries smelled so good. Have to try their  food next time .Really cool bar with great selection of beers on tap.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,3/17/2012,31,161,34,9,12>Come here, little girl, let me rip out all your hair and charge you money for it.  OK!!!I found this place and had to try it based on the name alone.  Cleverrrr.  I went here for my first (and since then my last, cuz I'm a chicken shit) brazilian.  It's a little hard to find (the office, that is, not my hmm-hmm), because it's tucked away in a shared building.  But it's not hanging out there like a tart for all to see, it's hidden and you have to work to get to it.  Like a lady.However, I absolutely fell in love with the decor.  It felt like a french boutique, or maybe even an upper class whore house?  That sounds mean, but I'm complimenting them.  It felt like they would serve tea here rather than pull your hair out by the roots.Anway, the madam was very nice, easy going and made me calm down a bit.  Since I was near hyperventilating.  She left the room and told me to undress (I need an adult!).  I'm very modest, and I would have liked a linen to drape over myself.  But this chick doesn't mess around.  All they give you is a toilet seat cover looking thing.  But shrunk down, maybe for a training toilet for a toddler?  What do you want me to do with this?!  Might as well just lay here exposed and cold ((echooo!)).So I'm laying there like Alice in Wonderland in Tom Petty's music video, when she turns into a cake and everyone starts eating her.  Remember that?    youtu.be/h0JvF9vpqx8 She opens the door..... "Ok, hi, how are you?" Let the awkward, I'm not wearing anything on my lower half conversation begin.  Is this what it's lke when 2 virgins get married and they do it for the first time?  She was super nice, and just a gem.  Had it not been for seeing my region, maybe we'd be friends?Blah blah blah, small talk small talk.  Rip (ouch!).  Deep breath (rip) OUCH!  -hand slaps forehead.  Ok, all done!$50 later, I weigh 2 pounds less.  Had I known that I would lose that much, i'd have gone before just to drop a couple pounds!  Holy-hairy-carey-frankenberry!!Check websites for weekly specials.  I think you get a discount if you go on Wednesdays or something.  Discounted torture, can't think of anything better than that!  Heck yeah!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,3/16/2012,597,525,12,17,14>I recently met someone that lives in University Heights, so I've been enjoying periodic occasions to venture into the area, and its adjacent neighborhoods, to explore the landscape. This morning I was introduced to Mystic Mocha.Mystic Mocha is seated in an unassuming spot, right in the middle of a residential zone. As I first considered that fact, I thought that it probably was not ideal, business-wise, to be isolated and away from the prominent, conspicuous arteries of the area. But then I noted the continual flow of pedestrians fluttering in and out its doors and quickly surmised that I was wrong. Obviously, part of the appeal of Mystic Mocha is that it is a spot for locals. The locals are the ones that know about it, and I get the feeling that they, as well as the owners, want to keep it as their own little secret. I don't blame them. There are clean tables and chairs erected outside of the building, thereby  providing a warm, welcoming setting. Before passing through the entrance, daily written specials are posted on pedestals for perusal, giving off that mom-and-pop, homey-like feel that I always find terribly appealing. The interior is cute,  and it's spacious enough where it holds about 10 or so other small tables and accompanying chairs if you wish to escape from the outside elements into a warm, toasty haven. Today, I opted to try the daily special, the Polenta Scramble. Good grief! It was an imposing plate of food!  Polenta, scrambled eggs, peppers, salsa and a crispy jalapeño tortilla on the side married together beautifully. The taste was perfect. Really, though -- can anything with polenta in it NOT be good? I think not. In addition, I ordered my go-to caffeine drink, a nonfat vanilla latte. It was served very warm, and it had a comforting, frothy foam that I enjoyed playing with. Service is relatively swift. Diverse menu. Food is spot on.  Relaxed, welcoming atmosphere. And the perfect place to have breakfast (or lunch?) with a friend, co-worker, or that special someone that makes your heart go pitter patter.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,3/15/2012,592,463,13,12,10>The signage gets mention before the food. (See picture). Thats not to say that the fish and chips aren't fantastic, because they are. But something about signs proclaiming "chicken fish" and "calamari fish" with awkward pictures strikes me as extraordinarily funny. Is there a lab in the kitchen? Do they breed these things and then bread them? Har-dee-har-har. Anyway, the fish and chips are delicious and I have no complaints in the tartar sauce department. The only reason I took away a star is because the hot sauce is pretty vinegar-y. I GUESS fish and chips don't really NEED hot sauce, but I sure do appreciate it. Mr. Fish and Chips in Clairemont is the only place in San Diego with better fish and chips in my opinion. The food is comparable, but oh man....the hot sauce at Mr.Fish and Chips. I could drank that ish by the buckets. Mmmmhhhhmmmm.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,3/14/2012,597,654,16,17,17>"DAMN, THAT'S A LOT OF MEAT!""Oh, thanks honey!" :)Okay, let me cut to the chase here. Like it or not, this location is the Crown Jewel of San Diego BBQ. Sure, you'll get shit from the Texas/Kansas City/Oklahoma/North Carolina transplants saying that theirs is the best but you know what....this is San Diego BBQ, not yours. If you live here, this is the style that has evolved and is cherished by the people who LIVE in SD. Lessons were learned with the other locations. The newfound wisdom was applied when this joint opened up. It's very well laid out, organized and executed. It's a well oiled machine, capable of handling truck loads of people eager to devour tons of BBQ flesh doused with the secret BBQ sauce.The low carb eating folks will have a field day coming here and there are a lot of them in this neck of the woods. Recommendations: *Eat slowly, take your time. It took HOURS to make the meat this good.*It's all about the COW and the PIG, stay away from the Chicken. BBQ Chicken gets dry and you'll need more sauce. *There's a reason there are big screen TVs all over the place, enjoy the scenery. Take it all in. *Don't wear a white shirt, make sure you have a lot of paper towels available and get ready to SWEAT. It's warm in here. I wish they served Sweet Tea. :(Thank you Phil's BBQ, you made a lot of peoples' lives so much better. Including mine.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,6/29/2011,637,268,19,22,14>Cuco's (yelp.com/biz_photos/JyI5… yelp.com/biz_photos/JyI5…) is located in an area which I would not walk around at night by myself unless I had a Mine Thrower in my possession. The two businesses next door were a liquor store and Slap Yo Momma BBQ.Carne asada burrito (w/ beans and cheese only) # 119 - yelp.com/biz_photos/JyI5…Pollo asado burrito (w/ beans and cheese only) # 64 - yelp.com/biz_photos/JyI5…Breakfast burrito # 125 - yelp.com/biz_photos/JyI5…Their carne asada was pretty damn good - 4 stars. They even cut my burrito in half without asking (diagonally even!). The pollo asado was insanely spicy which caused my nose to run like crazy. Overall, it was ok - 3 stars.Woody Woodpecker (dubbed in Spanish) was playing on the TV. The girl behind the counter was nice and wasn't giving off the vibe that she wanted me to die.Thick ass breakfast burrito though I wish the bacon would've played a larger role. I also wished the guy in the kitchen had not done "10 one-thousand" with the salt. Next time, just run up behind me with your whistle going, tilt my head back and just pour the sodium directly into my mouth.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2011,6/28/2011,587,1463,16,15,13>The food actually deserves 3 stars but the service made this review plummet faster than Nickleback's last album. It was simply lousy . In decreasing degree of horror: Horrific, horrendous, horrible, horrid. Yes I'm referring to both Nickleback and the service at this Thai restaurant.People may say that they wouldn't wish something this bad on their worst enemy. Well f*ck all that. I actually would wish this on my worst enemy and maybe even 10 fold. He/ she is after all an enemy correct ?Ive been chilling out on reviewing lately but for this experience I had to speak my mind. I feel that my fellow North Parkers would appreciate it for the honesty and my attention to detail. As most other Yelpers have mentioned, the decor is very nice.They spent some serious cash on the fixtures, furniture and equipment. The paint scheme flows.The bench seats are comfortable.The pictures on the wall reminds you that you are indeed dining in a Thai restaurant. I even liked the floor. Good job on the interior guys.However.Where they seemed to have skimped on is service. While I don't exactly expect stellar service at any, ANY Asian restaurant, especially in an area that caters to a predominantly white clientele, I do expect some level of service. Not just the obligatory seating and taking of drink and food orders. There's are lot more to being a server than that. It took at least twenty minutes to get  our drink order in. We practically had to snatch her arm to get our server's attention. She looked annoyed that we did that. Well excuse us. Did we come at a bad time ? Should we have waited another twenty minutes ? After a few minutes another server brought our drinks. It was at least another ten minutes before our food order was taken.Throughout the dinner, water was not replenished and my co-diners looked parched. I almost wanted to knock a glass off of the table to get our servers attention. Another gal, not a server but an employee came around to refill waters and beers. We were never asked if we enjoyed our food or if there were anything else that we needed.The food was decent. My friend and I each ordered what we thought was a thick juicy steak and I even requested mine medium rare but what we received was beef on a small plate that was already sliced up and was way overcooked and dry. It was a complete disappointment.Server also completely forgot to put in our whole steamed fish order. I could have sworn that she acknowledged it after my friend ordered. It was as if she was nodding just to pacify us so that she could be on her merry way to do whatever else she needed to do.We still wanted the fish so we said yes, put that order in. It took another twenty minutes before it was finally brought out to us. The dish was , in my humble opinion overpriced. It was a whole tilapia, which I believe is currently on sale at $0.99 per pound at any given Asian market and $1.99-$2.99 when not on sale.None of our plates were cleared. We were not given new plates for the new entrees. As a matter of fact, we had to pile our plates onto the middle of the table. It must have been at least 8-10 inches high. Another server saw us doing this and immediately came by to get the plates out of our way. At this point we are just laughing it off. This entire ordeal took over 2 hours. 2 Hours. We were actually the last customers to leave. They didn't even thank us for the business. She did however apologize for the forgotten fish order. Too little too late baby.I Will Not Be Returning, and neither will any of my friends unless service improves.Hire real servers who are experienced at multitasking. It would also help if they smiled every now and then. A friendly server gets better tips from me. Always. Even if the food is bad. Its not their fault.I live a few blocks away from this eatery and I am all about supporting local and independently owned businesses. I want this place to be a success and I wish them the very best but they need to address the service issue.Go see for yourself and experience it for yourself. Maybe you'll get lucky. If its the same crew that we experienced then maybe you wont.Update 3-15-2010Owner sent me an apology and admits to the bad service. That's a step in the right direction so I bumped it up from 2 stars to 3 stars.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,6/27/2011,415,328,12,23,14>I have been coming for years and cannot believe that I have not reviewed it before. O'Bistro epitomizes OB living. The owners are personable and care about their customers. They will chat you up when you are in there and love to hear feedback about your experience. In true OB style, dogs are not just allowed on the patio, they are welcomed! All of the food I have ever had here has been very good. They have many great options. The other night I had the carnitas quesadilla. OMG! It was so delicious that I definitely am going to come back just for that app! Their bar is extensive enough to fill anyone's drinking needs. They also have a few good beers on tap and a wine list.Overall, it's a great local place with a homey feel and good food! Yay OB!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,6/26/2011,1044,76,16,20,19>Look people, lets get a few things straight..........this stuff they call "pizza" on the west coast is not the real thing. You could consider the pies out here to be like a cousin to the real thing. You may ask yourself "what is the real thing?" The real pizza comes from the east coast ALA New York and Chicago. Being from New York myself I can tell you that there are few places here, if any, that come close to the real deal. Then you may ask yourself "what is the reason for this?" The reason is mostly because our water sucks, I mean it really sucks. The dough here can never be what it is back there. Period.Moving right along, I love Leucadia Pizzeria. You may ask yourself "why does he love that place?" I love it because they have consistently great food and I have been eating there for many years and I can say that I pretty much always have a good experience. That's hard to say about any "casual dining" Italian place in SD.I read a lot of the complaints on here and some of them seemed valid, and others seemed fabricated by people who had maybe a few reviews (if that) and not much else (can you say......competitors?) I'll tell you one thing, I know who the manager is at this store and I know that guy works his tail off to put out a good product. And if by some chance you have a bad experience and you talk to him in a nice, non-threatening tone-then he will take care of you. A lot of people on Yelp write about their bad experiences and also mention how the manager was a "jerk" or "rude." But what these people need to think about is how they approached that manager. I managed a restaurant for years (way before Yelp was around) and I will tell you that I tended to do more for those that were polite versus the ones that were rude and threatened me. I honestly think that we all should re-think our posts before we click "send" (myself included). I also always try to put myself in the managers shoes when I make a complaint to an establishment-it goes a long way.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,6/25/2011,4165,809,37,41,35>$       $          $           $$$$$   $$$$$    $       $        $       $    $$$$$   $       $    $$$$$       $        $  $         $       $   $       $      $ $            $       $    $       $   $       $    $      $ $$$$$       $ $ $        $$$$     $$$$          $              $$$$$    $       $   $       $    $ $$$ $       $     $        $      $            $                  $             $       $    $       $   $       $    $   $   $       $   $            $    $            $                  $             $       $    $$$$$   $$$$$    $     $Peter Gibbons: "Let me ask you something. When you come in on Monday and you're not feeling real well, does anyone ever say to you, 'Sounds like someone has a case of the Mondays?'" Lawrence: "No. No, man. Shit, no, man. I believe you'd get your ass kicked sayin' something like that, man." $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ CHUN P's CHEAPASS GUIDE, EPISODE 22, by Chun P $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$Mondays do suck, but The Tipsy Crow can cheer you up for cheaper'n quicker than a TJ hooker:STEP 1: Make sure its a Monday and you got sufficient time before 8:00PMSTEP 2: Check-In with your Yelp App on your smartphone. (If you're still in the 90s sans a smartphone, you're FUCed)STEP 3: Show the waitress your Yelp Check-In...you just got yourself a FREE APPETIZER!STEP 4: Order the most expensive appetizer! HINT: Its the $9.50 Mixed Grilled Cheese Board.STEP 5: Watch the Drink-Exchange Board carefully...like the Stock Market, always BUY LOW! At Danny W's B-DAY CMYE, I was able to score an Avery IPA pint for $3.00 and a 20oz Wahoo Wheat for only $3.50.I haven't danced on the bottom floor since the ghetto days of The Bitter End, but the main and top floors are classy and attractive places to chill. For the Cheapass I was being that night, the cutie waitress was still extremely friendly.  Even the doorman was super nice; he treated me as if I were a really hot girl in line at a Gaslamp club on a Saturday night...what a sweetie... I'll be back on another Monday!$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$­$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$Peter Gibbons: "The thing is, Bob, it's not that I'm lazy, it's that I just don't care."
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,6/24/2011,4994,169,16,37,28>What a great place for Taco Tuesday!  $2 Fish Tacos, $2 Calamari Tacos, $2 Shrimp Tacos, and $1 Tecate Beer.  Wow.The food is very good, and very filling.  I got all of the above items and was stuffed for $7.  I highly recommend trying this place out if you are ever in Point Loma on a Tuesday.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,6/23/2011,130,520,18,35,28>Get past the fact the strip mall location is horrendous. Or the fact the servers might sometimes accidentally spill your drink on you (no, it didn't happen to me but another patron) and you have yourself quite a tasty vegetarian restaurant.The menu... soups, salads, various noodle/rice bowls, and sushi. Plus a drink menu of coffee, tea, and smoothie beverages. Including boba. It's a lengthy menu though so if you are indecisive like me, it can take a while to decide which of the options sounds yummiest. My date... ordered the Kung Pao "Chicken"... it looked good, like actual meat, and he enjoyed it even though a meat eater normally. I ordered the "Chicken" Basil bowl, level 10 spice. It was flavorful and delicious although once again not even a hint of spiciness in the dish.The place itself is cute and kitschy inside. Quite a large space.  I will definitely come back to try more of the menu, especially curious about the vegetarian sushi and vegan desserts. Til next time Sipz.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,6/22/2011,722,1124,18,17,18>I had to take care of some business in the NTC Promenade area, but it was a Monday afternoon and unfortunately The Solare wasn't open. So the next best thing was a dive bar nearby...and I found this place. And I'm glad I came. As I was writing this review, I recalled that Bernadette M was here before, but I didn't really get the full understanding until reading her review...ooohhhhh, yah it is a gay bar. It kinda made sense now. I didn't think at first that some of these patrons who were ex-military were being super-friendly to each other...but now it makes sense.Anyhoo, yah, I got my drink on and it was super cheap. Everyday, they offer a pint of Stella for $3.50. I defy anyone to find a Stella cheaper than that. (if so let me know ) And mang...that drink went down pretty quick...nice and cold.They also have random specials everyday. For today, they had double, tall, well drinks for 2 bucks until 10pm. That drink is usually twice is big compared to other dive bars, and half the price too. So I got my usual Bay Breeze, and he made it at a good dive bar quality pour. Nice, stiff, and strong.Other specials include a 2 dollar shot of vodka into your beer. 6 dollar mini-pitchers. Drafts are 3 bucks, light beers are like 2.50. Now this is a DIVE bar. Chairs were torn up, sticky bar, but hey...FREE POPCORN. So good, and good for you too!!!Nice atmosphere, couple of tv's, a pool table, atm in the back, an electronic jukebox, plenty of outdoor seating. Nice sailor, and Hawaiian based theme all across the bar. Great place to chill and get super drunk...really quick!!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,6/21/2011,433,177,11,20,19>After working five straight nights in the hospital and hoping to get cancelled from work tonight as I type this, I had the most RANDOM craving for BBQ anything! Its pretty sad because I have lived in San Diego for a long time now and have never stepped into a BBQ establishment. Shoot, I still haven't now. My husband took it upon himself to drive all the way to Lemon Grove to try this place out based on Yelp Reviews. The menu is short and straight to the point. The order: Slab of Ribs with 2 sides (Red Beans & Rice and Potato Salad),  Beef Brisket, Chicken, and Sausage. All takeout. I'm actually impressed for a change. It was nice biting into BBQ that is not drowned in BBQ sauce. BUT if you are one of those customers that just loves having their food drowned in BBQ sauce, then you can ask for Coop's homemade BBQ sauce on the side which is a pretty generous helping. The smoky, rich deliciousness of biting into anything on the menu comes from it being cooked from an outdoor smoker using mesquite and red oak wood. Definitely try the ribs and brisket. OMG. I've never tried Texas style BBQ before today and I'm definitely a fan now. What a gem of a place. I am all for supporting small businesses that has something unique to offer. Wish there were more of them. I also wanted to add a few tidbits to my husband's experience there. So he enters Coops BBQ and was greeted by the owner himself (Coop). Very friendly Guy. It turns out he's a Registered Nurse by trade. He took one look at my husband's scrubs and they started talking like chums. He even added BBQ chicken to our order with his compliments. Coming from Texas, Coop went to Phil's BBQ through high recommendations and even stood in the long lines himself. He tried it and then decided that San Diego needed some local Texas flavor to say the least. Coops just opened this past October. That's right. Only two months old and the owner himself didn't even realize there was an ROTD on his business. That says a lot if you ask me. I will definitely be a repeat patron. Highly recommend!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,6/20/2011,242,2016,14,14,14>I am a gelato fiend...a freak really.  I'll do some terrible things for a good cup of gelato.  But nothing too outrageous of course, I do know how to keep things in perspective.  Whatever you'd do for a Klondike bar I'd do for gelato.I'm not big into broadening my horizons when it comes to gelato.  I know that I don't like banana or coconut and it doesn't matter who makes it.  I know that it will taste like banana and I know that it will taste like coconut.  My GF however is much more adventurous.She sampled several offerings and ended up with a banana and sweet cream combo.  I went with a much more tame but incredibly delicious mocha and vanilla mix.  The vanilla is very very good.  It surpasses the mocha, sweet cream and banana.The cafe is tiny and not recommended for large groups.  But I'd definitely recommend to anyone out on a date and to anyone with a sweet tooth (but that should go without saying).  If you haven't been you need to go.  There aren't many options in Little Italy, but your main option should be Pappalecco.  I think I may be a slut for their gelato.  Wow, did I just write that?Insanity...
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,3/19/2009,415,328,15,21,18>I went here for dinner with some friends Friday night. We wanted to check out the lounge so we went early in order to have time to hang out and have cocktails before dinner. I LOVE the lounge! The decor is very texturally interesting. They use many different materials to cover the walls, ceiling, basically everything. The waitresses have super cute dresses and boots on. Although they don't serve Guinness, they do have a nice selection of liquor, beer and wine. The restaurant is upstairs along with the restrooms (which can kind of be a pain if you are just hanging at the lounge downstairs). Stephen L was very enamored with the restrooms here. He made sure we all went and checked out the coed restrooms with an attendant that would show you to a hidden door in the stone wall. OK so back to the restaurant. Sean was our server. He did a fabulous job of taking care of our group of seven. We ordered quite a few appetizers. I really liked the oysters on the half shell, I also heard the tomatoes and mozzarella were quite good. For dinner I had the 8oz filet but was torn as to whether I wanted to get the 28 day aged strip or the Kobe beef. My steak was good quality but didn't have any flavor and was served at room temperature. They do offer sauces for the meat but I think a good cut of meat well prepared should not require sauces so I ordered mine without any sauce. The truffle fries and the mashed potatoes were really good as was the apple pie ala mode dessert that we got and Carson inhaled. He didn't even want dessert. OK so overall, you can get a better steak at many other places in town. The food was good but not above and beyond awesome or anything. The service was awesome as was the atmosphere at the restaurant and the lounge. I recommend hitting up the lounge and going somewhere else for dinner.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,3/17/2009,245,144,19,15,14>The San Diego Blood Bank is very friendly in its approach. I suppose it has to be. Rather than employing scare tactics and guilt trips as a means to increase donorship, SDBB relies on its reputation (ethos), facts (logos) and the occasional emotion-driven appeal (pathos). Unfortunately for you, I am not a charitable organization that is behooved to responsibly implore the public to dabble in philantropy. Although I am awesome, I haven't much a reputation on which I can rely so the majority of you are bound to cast me off as an uncredible source.  Although I am mildly smarter than the average homosapien (and if you consider the breadth of what humanity has to offer nowadays, this doesn't say much), I am too lazy to conduct a half-hearted search on wikipedia so the absence of corroborating evidence apparently renders my claims questionable. However, unlike the SDBB, what I do have in my favor is a license to utilize an untapped barrel of tug-at-your-heartstrings-to-the-point-of-­conjuring-your-abject-worthlessness.My campaign:Your job is stressful beyond belief. The HR manager is a micromanaging son-of-bitch who's been riding your ass like a thoroughbred mare in the home stretch. Outside of work, your life, in all probability, is a mortal drag. You have a few friends with whom you occasionally like to mix shit up. On some nights,  the itinerary calls for drowning your cares at El Torito while you complain about the subpar quality of your margarita as people starve in countries you never cared to know existed. Other nights call for dancing it up at a downtown disco as you cry crocodile tears about all the vapid broads who reject your advances while some girl in Dubai is being forced against her will to perform rousing renditions of Cirque du Sol-Slut in the presence of Japanese businessmen. Have I got your attention now? Good. Let's be honest: you're pretty worthless. No offense, of course. But really. You contribute nothing to the world but a carbon footprint attached to a list of bitchy, self-serving demands accompanied by habitual "waahing". Waah!..Mother didn't tend to my neediness..Waaah!..I have commitment issues...Waaaah! Why does JJ Abrams insist on making "Lost" so excruciatingly confusing even for the nerds who've stuck with it since the beginning?  Pardon me, but shut the hell up your mouth, sir. Stat. Get yourself together for you, banality and all, can still do something productive, thereby redeeming the esteem you've lost. (Enter punch line) DONATE BLOOD, YOU UNWORTHY SACK OF FAILURE! You might be a bane to the Earth's existence, but the human juice flowing within you saves lives [and makes you eligible for free doughnuts and SBDD schwag]!And..scene! Now, on to more pressing matters. Are the blood suckers hiring? A little birdy told me SBDD needs a new PR coordinator...
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,3/16/2009,72,61,21,26,21>I was almost head over to another place tonight for some home mad-ish Indian food after being sick for over a week or so. However; based on two peoples recommendation (Taylor S +Melinda D.) - I ended up here once again. As usual, I have no regrets about this place. This is as authentic as it gets on the west coast folks. Now when I say authentic, I mean that they do not add any heavy cream to the so called curry, thus the flavors of the spices really come through - especially in chicken/lamb dishes. It also eliminates that heavy feeling people often after having couple of bites at their favorite local foo foo indian restaurant.  I promise you will not be disappointed by any chicken, lamb or veggie dish.  BTW: There is no such freakin thing. in india as curry. You probably will get a beating if u asked for it and if they don't beat you, it means you are not eating at an authentic restaurant.Anyways...I am having a major food orgasm right now and not to mention the food coma affects so here is what it boils down to.Bottom Line: It's worth every penny of $8.58 for more than a satisfying meal.THREE STARS: authentic flavor and keepin' it real. One Star: stellar price and friendly attitudeOne star:  the naan is so good. it deserves its own star :)I love this place. It has a special place in my heart.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,3/15/2009,166,94,19,26,21>What is crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, with sugar and Cinnamon on top? CHURROS. Last month I kind of stressed out because the churro cart on University was gone for a month, it turned out they went to see their older parents in Mexico. I am super happy they are back. After the yelp event I felt the urge to have some deliciosos Churros and told Edwin and some other fellow yelpers to go with us. What a beautiful way to end the night! This cart also has hot dogs TJ style on Friday, Saturday and Sunday only. During corn season they have Elote entero (corn on the cob) covered in queso cotija with limon and chile. You can also put butter and mayo, a sublime combination. They informed me they were going to the market on Friday to look for corn this weekend. I hope they can find it, I can't wait to go back.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,3/14/2009,189,160,15,22,17>After a tragic accident to my iPhone on my last vacation I was desperate to find an affordable solution to the shattered glass problem I was having with the face to my phone.  I risked bleeding out each time I had to swipe my finger across the shards to turn on or off my phone.  Apple also was trying to bleed me in another way - they wanted $300.- to fix the glass.  A new phone costs $399.- are you serious?!I searched Google to no avail - I wasn't willing to send my phone via mail to someone I've never met and I wasn't about to drive to a stranger's house in Cardiff either.  Yelp came through.  After a more thorough search on here I found Tran Wireless and a hint to print a coupon for 7% off repair service on Google Maps.  Tran Wireless is just 4 blocks from my house.  I called first and was delighted to find that a pleasant receptionist answered the phone immediately and told me that it was no problem if I wanted to drop my phone off at 4:30pm  (even though they close at 5) for same day service.  If the neighborhood was better I would have walked but I didn't feel like dealing with sketchballs in the alley so I drove over there after work.  With zero hassle I dropped off my phone and gave them my home # so they could call me when it was ready.  Exactly 45 mins later I got the call and came back to pick up my baby.  She's nice and smooth now and no longer threatens my life when I touch her - all for 74 beans.  Sweet!These guys are good and efficient.  They say they can pretty much fix any problem you'll have with a cell and if they can't there is no charge for their efforts.  They take CC's if you don't have cash.  No problemo.I suggest the next time you have a cell disaster you use these guys.  Let's keep the $ in the neighborhood yeah?
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2009,3/13/2009,645,258,25,19,24>I'm a fan of McGregor'sIt's a fun casual barAfter my last evening visitI will give it 4 starsThe place is quite bigA lot of room to play poolBe careful when sittingI fell off a stool.Fish tacos are greatThe nachos okayA good place to goEvening or day.If you're there when it opensOr there with a dateI recommend McGregorsThe cocktails are great.The service quite fastAnd amazingly goodCheck it out if you want toRecommend that you should.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,3/12/2009,166,31,23,36,30>Mexican Viagra?On a recent episode of Anthony Bourdains No Reservations,  Pulque ("pool-kay") was referred to as Mexican Viagra. Pulque,Tequila's mystical ancestor, is a fermented beverage made from the juice of the agave or maguey plant. Unlike tequila or mezcal, the agave sap is not cooked prior to fermentation for Pulque. Pulque is like beer - it has a low alcohol content, about 4-8%. The resulting liquid is milky and slightly sour tasting. Mexican Viagra ? I'm not sure about that claim but if you want to try an alcoholic beverage that dates back to the pre-aztec days Ranas is serving up four flavors.The owners from Mexico City have created an extensive Menu, everything from standard San Diego taco shop fare, to the slow roasted pork specialty Cochinita Pibil. One of my favorite things on the menu has to be the Ranas Huarache. Huaraches (Spanish for "sandals" or "shoes") slightly resemble a shoe sole. Thick corn masa is shaped into an oval and topped with with a variety of choices.  The Ranas Huarache is topped with beans, nopales, carne asada, lettuce, and crema. The marriage between Cactus and Carne Asada is a perfect one.img.photobucket.com/albu…The sopes are also just as good. The Azteca sopes are a carb lovers dream. Potatos, beans, and cactusimg.photobucket.com/albu… Looking for a real sandwich? Try the tortas. On my first visit I ordered the Torta cubana and my fellow yelpers defined it as "The  Pinnacle of Gluttony" ham, bologna, milanesa, frank, avocado, swiss chesse, and a fried egg!img.photobucket.com/albu…I have so much more to try here especially thier guisados. If you want to test the powers of pulque, or you want to try something beyond just tacos and burritos, give Ranas a shot. Im sure you wont be disappointed.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,3/11/2009,421,351,18,22,20>Wow! This place does ONE thing and they do that ONE thing right!!! Barbacoa de Borrego, in other words slowly cooked marinated lamb. Let me tell you these guys do it right and you can tell it was hand made and not rushed at all.Barbacoa originates in Mexico and is a whole lamb slow-cooked over an open fire, or more traditionally, in a hole dug in the ground covered with maguey leaves. I ordered the rib tacos and the meat was so soft, you could have sucked it out of the taco, amazing flavor! I highly recommend getting these if you go. I also ordered 2 quesadillas. I'm not talking Napoleon Dynamite "make yourself a dam quesadilla" type of quesadilla. Oh no my friends, I ordered the Huitlacoche quesadilla which is a sort of corn smut that has a flavor described as mushroom-like, sweet, savory, woody, and earthy. I also got the flor de calabaza quesadilla in other words squash blossoms or zucchini flower. These are very different and unique, quite tasty little treats. I topped these items off with what is the best salsa I have ever had Chile Pasilla, it's a dark full bodied heavenly condiment sent from the Gods. I tell the taco hunter to bring some home for me every time he goes.This is a rare gem and quite the cultural dining experience; consider yourself lucky you have a chance to try something truly different. ohh... and leave your lettuce at home they take plastic : )
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2008,3/10/2009,306,288,17,18,19>***Melody definitely prodded this review***Remember in "Across the Universe" where Jim Sturgess sings GIRL at the beach in the beginning. It's simple and beautiful and you want to breathe him in. You wished he was singing it for you, actually you begin to think he is.This is the same feeling the little sesame seeded pocket Torpasta's give me. They sing to me, "Shelli you need a pocketful of carbs."Let's see . . . pesto, carbonara, ravioli's, meatballs, green peas, fettucini all these can be inside your own little pocket my man, oh yes, behold . . .  the pocketful of carbs.We are on the loyalty program they have, they send you coupons and newsletters and good stuff for your birthday, and your half birthday. Yes there is a half way to your birthday coupon, I'm serious, like a heart attack.They've also got some local great beer choices and yummy salads if you want to share one with your Devine Companion.(That is the person you came with not any Gawd like creatures or deities).Other ways to find them: they show up at the OB street market every Wednesday if you want to try it out there.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,3/9/2009,859,450,18,18,18>It was dreadfully cold last night and as I was avoiding writing a paper on Sport Psychology (what do I know about sports anyway?) my friend called me up to go eat some pho. All I thought was: Mmmmmm pho :DA much needed break from.....uh....nothing?So off we went galavanting to Pho T Cali. It was relatively close to USD, clean and at $5.50 for a bowl, what else could we ask for?As we walked inside the fishies inside the fish tank were looking at me....ugh, definitely no fish for me tonight.The waiter quickly seated us....he was nice and efficient. Although, I was kind of surprised at how empty the place was...it was cold and foggy outside, perfect weather for a big hot bowl of pho. We promptly got our steaming bowls with the noodles and beef dancing inside. I grabbed the spoon and chop sticks and munched away.Once we were done, we quickly paid and off I went to write a paper about Bobby Fischer....thats right, for Sport Psych :/*sigh* thus the life of a college student
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,10/26/2011,102,192,23,28,19>In case you didn't get the hint from the previous posts, this is a NUDE BEACH. Translation- place for either people who enjoying being nude at the beach or people who don't mind sharing a nice stretch of beach with nude people. If you are coming to gawk at naked people or hoping for hot naked girls, take your creepy ass back to your computer and watch porn. If you aren't mature enough to handle nudity, there is several hundred miles of beach up and down the coast of California that require clothes- why don't you f-cking go there. There is a reason why this secluded stretch of beach is a nudist beach- so nudists can have a space of their own to enjoy without onlookers/creepers and without parents accidentally stumbling upon this beach with their children in tow. As someone who enjoys laying out in the sun naked, I absolutely adore this beach. Sure, the walk down and up are a b-tch, but it is so worth it. A beautiful stretch of California coast, not overrun with families and children, a nice, peaceful beach where I can relax and enjoy myself. I tend to go alone and have little problems with others. Most people there are friendly in a comrade-sort of way- after all, there aren't many people who enjoy being naked in public spaces. Generally, these normal, nice people will say hi or tell me that the weather is nice or that water is great today- no real conversation, jut politeness. However, there is always that one creeper who thinks that I wanna be friends cuz I'm naked. My advice to you lady nudists: invest in some headphones and ignore the sh-t outta these losers. In my experience, they won't try so hard if they are being ignored. And the ones that do will be scared off by other nudists- one time I had a clothed guy creep on me and the three nudist guys several yards away threatened to kick his ass if he didn't get the f-ck away from me. Much appreciated guys!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,10/25/2011,280,432,15,17,15>Happy Mother's Day from one Mother Effer!  So I guess it's my day too!Trying to find somewhere to eat on Mother's Day is not an easy task.  We figured it was more of a brunch day, so why is everyone out eating before 4 pm???  We just came out of a movie and had not eaten lunch, so we were pretty hungry.  All of the usual haunts had lines, even some new places we thought of trying were crowded.  However, driving down University Ave. we spotted the Riviera.  Every time we wanted to go, the place was packed.  We got there right when they opened at 4 behind a Mother's Day party which = no crowd at the grill.A very different menu than the Turf Club.  We haven't been back to the Turf since Mays and Co. opened this place.  I ordered the rib eye, the partner ordered the flat iron.  We ordered the bourbon and bacon baked beans, sauteed zucchini and yellow squash (vegetables of the day), and a half order of tater tots (you know I love my tots!), which was huge!  Made me wonder what a full order looks like.  The grill is bigger here and some things are still the same, such as bbq sauce, worsch...worchter...sauce....you know what I mean.  As soon as we were done grilling, the sides came out.  Great timing!  Bryan took good care of us, as well as the other diners who came in after us.  I think it's great some people brought their mothers here, but for heaven's sake, grill her meat for her.  I just think it's wrong that they still have to cook on their day.I've read some mixed reviews on the Bacon Chocolate Cake, but I had to try it for myself.  It's a very unique flavor...a lot of it has to do with the cake, which I believe is a bittersweet or dark chocolate.  The crispy salty bacon bits compliment the cake.  I AM HOOKED!  I would come back just for the baked beans and cake...and maybe a Riviera Sangria.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,1/17/2011,10/24/2011,227,758,22,31,26>03JAN2012 UPDATE:In October 2011 I received ROTD for the French Gourmet, so it's my duty to update my review to reflect my new opinion of this establishment in light of recent news. I never would have dined at the French Gourmet had I known at the time that owner and president Michael Malecot has hired scores of undocumented workers since the 1990s. On 13OCT2011 Malecot pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of employing and even re-hiring undocumented immigrants, and he was recently sentenced.--------Have mixed feelings about the Restaurant Week dinner my boyfriend and I had here last night (Sunday), but overall the quality of food and service were worthy of 4 stars. We got ready too quickly after the Jets-Patriots game and, rather than sitting around watching repetitive clips on ESPN (though I could watch Bart Scott's "CAN'T WAIT" interview on repeat for an hour), decided to head to our dinner reservations 15 minutes early.  That was a mistake.  I hadn't referred to Yelp and therefore had no idea that French Gourmet is so intimate and that, unfortunately, there's really no waiting area. A nice surprise for Restaurant Week diners:  the print-out Restaurant Week menu at French Gourmet contained additional appetizer and entrée choices compared to the SanDiegoRestaurantWeek.c… menu!  Last night we got to choose between 5 apps, 6 entrées, and 3 desserts.        Here are the courses I ordered:(1)  Oysters Rockefeller:  Creamy, flavorful, divine.  I could have gleefully eaten dozens of these things.  (2)  Mahi Mahi with Asparagus Risotto & Cherry Tomatoes:  The fish was cooked and seasoned well, but the thin filet was disappointing.  The risotto was delicious though present in small quantity.  Not a single tomato was evident on my dish.  Would have appreciated a more substantial portion of veggies on this very bland-looking plate of food.    (3)  Chocolate Nutella Crêpes:  A Nutrisystem-portion dessert.  After I cleaned the tiny plate I didn't even feel as though I had just eaten dessert, which I think speaks volumes.And for my boyfriend:(1)  Charcuterie Plate:  Some components of this app were quite tasty but came in such miniscule portions that they couldn't truly be enjoyed.  For example, the slice of rabbit sausage wasn't much larger than the size of my thumb nail.  The pâté was the only plate component that was of sizable portion.  (2)  Filet Mignon with Twice Baked Truffle Potatoes, Gorgonzola, & Port Reduction:  Fantastically cooked and wonderfully seasoned meat, and port reductions always rock my world.  Again though, more veggies would have been nice.(3)  Chocolate Mousse:  Beautiful and yummy but not a home run.  Very friendly, very warm, very knowledgeable, very efficient employees/service.  It was clear that the restaurant staff was mindful of the minimal number of tables combined with the fact that it's Restaurant Week and was therefore striving to turn over tables as quickly as possible without being too pushy.  For a while I couldn't put my finger on why I was a bit disappointed with our meal, but then it dawned on me:  my Oysters Rockefeller appetizer was so good that everything I ate after it paled in comparison.Would consider heading to The French Gourmet again for lunch or desserts, but it's not my cup of tea for dinner or future Restaurant Weeks.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,10/23/2011,894,543,11,14,12>I have been here a couple of times to see various plays. The last time I came was this past Saturday to see Beauty and the Beast!I guess there are some musicians on a labor dispute because there were only 11 musicians instead of the normal 26. Good plus seats in the theatre and lots of leg room in front. They have a good amount of stalls in the women's bathroom so that you don't have to wait forever during intermission. The parking lot here is a bit tricky. It cost $10.00 but I don't really know what time the parking lot closes. When I asked the parking attendant guy he answered " young man with a young lady on a Saturday night? You can stay till 3am"  I don't like how this parking lot is super windy while going in and exiting. So if you have a large car it might be tricky parking too.I love how you can bring your own snacks and drinks into this theatre. They don't have cup holder so you have to either hold your drink or put it on the floor.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2011,10/21/2011,722,527,22,17,20>STOKED -:boobs in bikinis, and well oiled eye candy on the boardwalk - check:lobster tacos, seared ahi sashimi, bisque @ happy hour pricing - check:sunsets and waves crashing - check:mojitos cubanos, stella on draught - check:hot ass waitresses - checkUNFORTUNATELY - :touristssss... namely zonies and midwesterners - check:high prices for average grub - check:annoying jersey shore atmosphere just beyond the glass - check:fuck. parking in PB - check:crowded - check
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,10/20/2011,548,308,7,14,21>Live forever or die trying.One of my best friends took me skydiving just under a year ago. It completely changed my life. And so did he. He recently passed this month and even though he is no longer here, his impression on my life will last forever. It took him a year to convince me to finally go and I went reluctantly. Turns out, skydiving was the best thing I've ever been peer pressured into. Skydiving is unlike anything else you'll ever do. That pit in your stomach you get when you almost fall out of your chair, on a roller coaster, or that moment of turbulence in a flight doesn't exist when you jump out of a plane. It just doesn't happen.Racing towards Earth at terminal velocity can only be compared to itself because there is nothing else like it.  Remember: if you're jumping tandem there's no reason to worry. Would you show up to work if you thought you weren't going to make it through the day? No. You'd do something awesome. Now imagine your job is as awesome as jumping out of an airplane. You'd show up everyday. Maybe even work overtime. The tandem instructors come to work knowing they'll make it though the day and there's no reason to doubt you'll make it either.I was the only tandem jumper on my flight and I was quite a bit nervous but Vanessa was cool-calm-and-collected and the trip down back to Earth from 13,000 feet was spectacular.  I still get goosebumps when I watch my video. Jumping out of a plane is not something to take lightly. Follow the rules and don't be a jackass, but be sure to have a blast. And just do it. You'll be glad you did.  Thank you for sharing this experience with me Eric. RIP.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,10/19/2011,186,122,15,8,8>"I hate Tacos El Gordo." Why did I use to say that? A lapse of insanity?How could I not like well marinated pork cooking in its own fat thus possessing heavenly succulence? (hmm, that doesn't sound right) Flavors further enhanced by the topping of onions, salsa, cilantro, a spritz of lime and house made sauce."I hate Tacos El Gordo," not for the food, service or price but Gordo = Fat. This is going to be my battle of the bulge.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,10/18/2011,597,525,12,15,13>Oh my goodness! My girl, Kristin F., was right on the money when she recommended Azul for its Happy Hour menu. The $7 until 7pm HH is insane (in the good way). Typically, HH food is not generally spectacular. The items on Azul's menu, however, are absolutely stellar. A friend and I both decided to share the Short Rib dish and the Mongolian Beef Flatbread. Good Lord! The short rib was covered in a creamy fondue sauce that was ridiculously good. Cooked perfectly! Sooo tender. The flatbread was not outshined, though; it was an absolute hit. I noted a gentleman at a neighboring table attacking an imposing, thick pork chop. It looked divine. I would have never imagined a pork chop gracing a HH menu. Peculiar, yet pleasing to see.I had two margaritas, but the cocktail menu had other drinks to choose from. Specifically, there were many vodka-related infusions that were quite tempting. For a Friday afternoon, the lounge area was rather slow, but I suspect it was due to the fact that it was July 4th weekend. Wait service was right on point during our entire visit. The glorious and stunning vistas that Azul sports are also a plus.I thought George's was one of the nicer spots in the village for HH, but I think Azul has them beat.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,10/17/2011,792,572,16,13,12>Got to Blue Ribbon close to 7:00 for a Friday night,Parking in this strip mall sucks for dinner time crowd,Wait for a table was about 45 minutes,Window shopped at home decorating store nearby with super cute stuff,Walked over to Third Corner for a glass of wine while we waited,BF's phone rang 45 minutes later,Hostess at Blue Ribbon called to tell us our table was ready,Got seated as we walked sideways through the very tight space between bar & tables,Greeted by friendly server,Ordered BLT salad with crushed croutons and a tasty creamy vinaigrette style dressing,Got stink eye from gal sitting at table next to ours for taking pics of my food,"My Father's" pizza arrived fifteen minutes into our salad,Took another pic of my food,Got another free stink eye from nosey gal,Pretty dang good pizza we shared for the two of us,Gal at next table looked like she wanted to eat our meaty pizza, I think she purposely ate like a little bird trying to impress her date,I ate like a big bird, I didn't need to impress my date,Enjoyed a glass of Pinot Noir,Boyfriend had two glasses,Didn't stay for dessert, Had a great time,I think I found one of my new favorite pizza spots,Hope stink eye girl at table next to ours isn't back there when I return...
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,10/16/2011,302,349,6,8,8>We came here to meet our last-minute Indian food cravings, and boy, were we glad we came! I'm now a huge Southern Indian Food fan! Their dosas (indian "crepe") are humongous and scrumptious! And we absolutely LOVED our vegetable samosas and mixed vegetable curry. SOOO GOOOD!!!! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it! Most of their menu items are vegan (except for yogurt that comes with the combo) and others can be made vegan as well, upon request. And their food prices are very reasonable, especially considering the quality of food. I love how everything is vegetarian! (We had trouble selecting items due to too many choices!)The only disappointment was their bread selections. I was expecting naan-like qualities and they were just plain breads. Nothing wrong with it, just different expectations! Next time, I'm getting a samosa, dosa, curry, and mango juice!!!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,8/1/2011,645,258,11,14,14>Here I am! SAN! I am half awake thinking "what am I doing here"? It's early in the morning and I haven't had my coffee. I look around and think "everyone is so friendly". Even when I got pulled over to have my suitcase looked through the guy who shifted through my underwear had a smile on his face. I hate flying. I dislike it because I'm not in control. However, if I have to leave an airport, I'm glad it's SAN. Everyone seems happy, easy access to terminals and I noticed the guy on the overhead speaker even made a funny. He said "Flight ABC will be departing in 10 minutes. If you happen to miss your flight, just don't blame us for being late. On that note, where's the coffee?
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2010,7/31/2011,620,1444,24,28,26>Thursdays 3-7, rain or shine.This is an intimate farmers market (IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A BIG CITY FM, GO ELSEWHERE) but I hope not because it's brand-new. The fish stand person trades his "ware" (seafood) with farmers and so his salmon ceviche is all locally-sourced (minus the salmon) and from the farmers at UTC FM. How cool is that. They work collectively and were jovial. You don't even have to ask for samples; they offer them to you. Again, I don't know how long this can last but these people are friendly. Smokin Joey's BBQ was there. Sample size? A full rib. Too bad my dinner plan was to wolf down some dip I bought (see below).This FM is tiny compared to the others ones in San Diego. And because it's new (and not crowded), my friend and I were able to talk to about 90% of the stand operators (not all are farmers). We ordered oysters on the half-shell for $2/pop. Chef Creek of Baynes Sound, British Columbia, so not exactly local but last time I checked, oysters can't be cultivated off La Jolla ;)Among other items, I bought some squash, an avocado and one bunch of Gerberas (all competively priced). Baba Foods was also out there (the Bay Ho Costco carries their fresh cilantro and jalapeno dip) and the guy was so nice, we must have tried 75% of his entire line-up. Their 3-layer dip sounds trashy and cliche but we took home three tubs of these beauties. Pesto, feta and sun-dried tomatoes. So many goodies out here, I'll be back next week. Again, selection is VERY limited but hey, don't bite off more than what you can chew ;)
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,7/30/2011,395,201,11,14,11>This location is about 4 X bigger then the other location. It  was still full, even on a  Wednesday at 6. The wait only took about 8 mins and got a table. My buddy told me that if go here on your B day they will hook you up with a free burger and yes any burger! It's true free burger time, Sweeeeeeet! I had to order the double bacon cheese burger $9.75, I had to. Man this thing is ginormous , I couldn't even take a whole bite of this thing. I love the way the bacon here is so crunchy and mixed with the cheese, man it's good. After demolishing it , using 9 or 10 napkins and  basically  creating my own burger challenge for myself (2/3 pounds of meat). I feel good saying that place is one of the best burger places in S.D.And man I was full, Happy free burger B day. I'll be back in 364days.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,7/29/2011,1165,834,20,24,23>I believe it was Benjamin Franklin (...or was it Homer Simpson?) who wisely said that beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.If that's true, South Park just got a little bit happier.The reason for that would be the grand opening of the newest outpost of the Stone Brewery.  No longer do central-San-Diego folk have to make the arduous trek to Escondido for their fix of some of the finest local craft beer in the county.  It's right here on 30th & Juniper now.The store isn't much to look at -- yet.  It's an old and historic building, but the inside has been gutted and replaced with a row of taps and some racks of generic and touristy beer-themed merchandise.  Otherwise, the inside is pretty bland and spare.  If you're looking to drink Stone beer in a more sumptuous atmosphere, you might be better off heading up to the 'dido.The beer, on the other hand, tastes great.  When I popped in for their grand opening event, they were offering 4 tastes for $5.  The point was probably to taste new things, but I stuck to my old favorites: the Pale Ale, the Smoked Porter, Arrogant Bastard Ale, and (of course) Oaked Arrogant Bastard Ale (because one arrogant bastard is never enough).  The other folks were all about stocking up on giant growlers, but I took a pass on those.  (Have to maintain that girlish figure, you know.)The tasting glasses were surprisingly generous (maybe 1/4 pint?).  Despite the clusterf*** of people waiting to get inside and, once inside, clamoring for the bartender's attention, I was able to get refills with no wait at all.  Stone Brewery is a well-oiled beer-dispensing machine.From what I gathered, Stone Brewery will be seeing lots of changes in the coming future.  These include food, pints, and some interior decorating.  We'll see how those turn out.  However, if the rest of South Park is any indication, they'll all be amazing.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,7/27/2011,735,735,12,18,15>The best beers in Ocean Beach can be found not in a bar... but in a pizza parlor!This pizza parlor and bar at the end of Newport serves up some fine slices and craft brews at a decent price.  When you're pining for some carbs to fill up that beer belly at the beginning (or end) of the night, Newport has your back.One of the most infamous O.B. drinking stories our hero's friends keep retelling him involves one night when he purchased a slice of pie and dropped it on the ground (cheese side on cement) next to a garbage can.  Our hero then proceeded to pick it up, blow it off, and continue chowing down on that thin crust goodness.  The pizza is THAT good.  Or perhaps he was THAT drunk.TIP: Hang around outside the entrance of the shop just after they close and you can sometimes score even cheaper slices from the workers selling off the leftover pizza at a discounted price.PROS:- Great craft beer selection.  Their motto of "no crap on tap" really is true!- Some pretty good slices of pie.- Secret under the table "closing special".CONS:- Grungy crowd.- Servers aren't the friendliest in O.B., and they pretty much do their job like it's a jay-oh-bee.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,7/26/2011,804,248,18,21,19>With the new year, it's time to revisit (review update) a familiar love (lounge). But it had me thinking....Did we (I) have a bad breakup (drink/food/service)? Why did we (I) stop talking (coming here)?The minute I walked in, I started having that sentimental feeling of all the great times I've had here. My birthday party, HH with the girls, wonderful meet ups, Sunday brunches...all fantastic. The fun, tropical getaway vibe, stylish decor, all the tasty bites (especially my fave, the rock shrimp tempura) and of course, their signature drinks that they are famous for...love it all. Lei Lounge is still as amazing as before!  To top it off, I'm constantly getting their email telling me about the specials that they have throughout the week. It's like one big HELLO.... remember me?!  But yet, with so many options of new places to try, it's sometimes easy to lose sight of a good thing.  But guess what.... new didn't always mean better. There's been a few  /failed spots in town which should make one realize to come back to their happy place. Or in this case, taken from my original review  "where I always walk away with a really, really giggly buzz. A happy, feely buzz, that is."  Yup, duly noted. ;)(Gotta add this in honor of the ROTD.  Plus, I recall this song being played when HH lasted a few more hours on a Friday night. haha Enjoy... youtube.com/watch?v=Cdqo…)
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,7/25/2011,2074,1145,12,15,14>the anthony bourdain 'tude of no rezzies, is no bueno when the size of this joint is teeny with a bad layout.a 2 hour wait had us half way breathing onto the hostess and half onto a lady seated at the bar.  the other option was leaning flat against the wall and getting bumped as servers are running back and forth from the back.same owners of thee bungalow under the golf sized cohn umbrella...bo beau has a farmhouse hipster decor - something you'd find in a mission district resto in san francisco or noho in nyc.5 stars!!!  service from eric our server was stellar!  we didn't opt for the 20.11 anniversary dinner and went with his recs.  reading the yelper reviews, we're so glad that we veered from the prix fixe menu.charcuterie board - was varied and balanced with choices of cheese to meats.  i loved the mini pot of pickles.fries - was pre-ordered while waiting at the bar.   thinly cut with a tasty aiolimussels - well to be fair, eric tried to steer me to the spicy sausage one but i went classic.  it was good but a bit salty.the highlight was the beef bourguignon a la juila child.  on a cool winter night, the melt in your mouth beef was just toe curling.they were out of the almond cake so the chef made us something special with chocolate ganache and peanut brittle.  it was divine!i'm on the same train as molly p who disliked the gimmicky water glass for wine.  might as well go with a jam jar to fit with the decor.  go all the way or not at all.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,7/24/2011,393,158,10,14,11>Viva Pops is absolutely phenomenal. Their popsicles are simply the best in San Diego. Pops available here are made with organic ingredients, most of which are sourced locally.   Variety of flavors is unique, creative, delicious, and plentiful. In addition, flavors change fairly regularly and at times with the seasons. From several experiences, the pops are never too sweet, but are sweetened just right - another factor making them as amazing as they are. Viva Pops are available in three categories: Fruit based vegan, Sugar free with organic agave, and Dairy based. Thus far, I have had the pleasure of enjoying the following: Mango chili (sweetened with organic agave): Mango was clearly the dominant flavor, although the chili provided nice overall balance. Only slightly spicy but chili was definitely detectable. Chili left bit of spicy after taste lingering in the mouth for a while. Was refreshing and tasty.Strawberry shortcake (organic dairy based): More of a delicious popsicle-shaped, compacted ice cream on a stick than a traditional popsicle. Texture was amazing and included tiny strawberry seeds naturally found on strawberries.Strawberry Rhubarb (with a little bit of ginger) vegan popsicle: Tasted in June - right in time for strawberry/rhubarb season in the late spring/early summer. The taste of the ginger was hardly noticeable, which was probably a good thing. Peach cobbler (organic dairy based): Yet another absolutely delicious Viva Pops creation. Balance between peach, ice cream, and cobbler bits was almost perfect. Tasting actual bits of cobbler by itself was delightful. Overall, amazing frozen dessert destination. Highly recommended.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,7/23/2011,431,494,7,8,9>I came here for the first time and I had my stupid grin the entire time. I think I'm in love. I found these pretty hair clips with feathers and gems, some toffee and chicken. I saw some strawberries that weren't genetically mutated and boy did they look small. Craving some persimmons now...any one got a tree?Looking forward to coming back for more next week.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,7/22/2011,67,96,8,11,8>Really wanted to give this place a 5 stars but the restaurant itself doesn't give off a warm and fuzzy Latina mama house that it goes for. A little makeover of the converted house would be perfect.Also, after reading a couple reviews, I'm happy to say I got a nice little lady for a waiter who was very helpful yet I think she was the only one there. Her service was great, drinks and food on time!So down to the business...I'm not going to lie, I freakin' hate all the mex food in old town. It's greasy, deep fried, cream and cheese, red meat-filled, downright unhealthy! Berta's brings in the FRESHNESS!! Mmmm veggies, herbs, taste that isn't lard?? Hell yes!! I got the Quinoa salad with shrimp...and for the first time in a long time, I finished the whole plate. My mother gasped. I got the cilanrto dressing on the side which sounded better then the olive oil and pepper, and it was, almost licked the bowl. My brother got the vegetarian pasta which had perfectly al dente noodles (almost udon like!) and the sauce was peanut curry, so tasty my fork couldn't help wondering to his plate!The have a catch of the day made two ways and there is something for everyone on the menu of true home-made Latin food. When I'm craving Mexican/Latin food, THIS is where I'm coming!!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,5/1/2013,170,339,3,11,6>Wow, I can't believe this place hasn't been Yelped yet.  I'm super stoked to have a kabob shop in O.B..  Me and my old lady were actually going to grab some eggplant parms from over at Poma's and saw that they were still closed due to a death in the family (sorry Poma's, hope your back soon).  As we headed back down Bacon we couldn't decide where to go... Should we get a pie at Newport or Surfrider?  Do we wait in line at Hodad's? Oh yeah, the new kebob shop is open, cool!We walked up and saw they have a pretty generous happy hour featuring half off drafts going from 11am-7pm.  I assumed it would be standard brews but was surprised to see the good selection of Port, Dogfish Head, Coronado, Balast Point, West Coast, Lagunitas, etc.  (see photos)The inside of this place is super nice.  They must have had a hell of a job working on it because it used to be pretty crappy in there.  They have nice new lighting fixtures, a nice looking marble bar, and spiffy tables and chairs.There was one person leaving and one in the restaurant when we came by, pretty slow considering how much traffic we were seeing at the other restaurants.  We were immediately greeted and given some menus for our takeout order.  The lady working the front was friendly and took our order quickly.  Our food was done in no time and we took it home to watch some Kings hockey!I got the falafel sandwich wrap and the old lady got the vegetarian mezze platter.  I'm glad we had the vegetarian platter because it was a much better representation of what the restaurant can do.  It had some very tasty, cold, well-seasoned veggies, a couple of falafels, hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli, and some pita bread.  The falafel was some of the best I have had in S.D.  It was crispy on the outside and seasoned perfectly and moist on the inside.  The hummus was very good.  The baba ganoush was much better than others I have had.  It was mildly smokey and creamy goodness.  The pita sandwich was a little lack luster.  Everything in it was good by itself, but as a whole the sandwich was a bit dry.  A little olive oil, hummus, or some tahini type sauce would make it better.I really hope this place does well.  I'm looking forward to watching some hockey and drinking beers here.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/30/2013,81,241,7,9,10>The Regal Beagle is my Cheers. I'm not at all embarrassed to admit that I've been here dozens of times in the last year or so that I've been coming. (Although, I might be slightly embarrassed to admit that one week where I made 5 appearances. Whoops?) I know the owners, all the bartenders, heck, even the guys in the kitchen (gotta give them love too!). I've made friends with people that I've met here. What more could you ask of a cool, local bar?Oh, I know! An ever changing list of mostly local craft brews, trivia night every other Wednesday, and high fives when I walk in. (Well, they know me. But I bet if you ask, you could get a high five too!)I'm a bit excited for the Regal Seagull in Encinitas because it'd be a good place to stop for happy hour in my Carlsbad to San Diego commute. But I'm also a bit worried that the staff will all move there to help them get it off the ground. That would make me sad. So, guys? If you're reading? Don't go changing things on me *too* much, okay?
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/29/2013,554,155,3,12,9>Vegetarian Thai Restaurant?  Yes, please!I am a huge fan of Thai food, and adore Plumeria!  Their menu is completely vegetarian with clearly marked vegan/gluten free options.  A couple of reasons why I like this place:1.  Great neighborhood!  Across from Small Bar for something after dinner. :)  2.  Delicious appetizers!  I ordered the Satay (tried both the tofu/protein) and was blown away by the taste (and the sauce)!3.  Decent portions!  I am never hungry after eating an entree (which is too bad, because their desserts sound amazing!).4.  Sweet waitresses/waiters.  They are so nice and are more than happy to help you out and give you more details!5.  Clean bathroom.  This is always a plus for me.The only cons I can think of are parking (good luck finding one nearby during dinnertime) and space (there are only a handful of tables, and this place gets crowded very easily).  But I think it's worth the wait. :)Oh yeah -- my carnivore friends are a fan too!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,4/28/2013,83,108,4,6,4>WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ALLL MY LIFEEEEEEE?!?!?!Spicy broth, check.Enoki mushrooms, check.Baby bok choy, check. Ribeye, checkThick noodle, check, check, check!!!! (SOOOO freaking good!!)Shrimp, checkFish dumplings, checkMeatballs/fishballs, checkYUMMINESSS, check, double, triple, infinity check.SOO GOOD. post-workout i was craving something that was filling but not tooooo high in calorie count. we were slightly cold, per the chilly feb. san diego weather (what is going on ??? i moved here for sunshine people!) and the inviting aroma of little sheep drew our taste buds in. the hot broth settled our shivers, and all the different foods that we had ordered were steamy AND yummy. ooooooo how i heart thee.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,4/27/2013,208,97,5,8,6>Santouka is a modest, little restaurant inside the Mitsuwa Market's food court. Compared to a lot of the ramen joints I've been to, Santouka's broth is on the lighter side. I usually fall into a heavy coma after a bowl (of ramen) but after eating here, I'm still functioning. They offer shio (salt), shoyu (soy sauce), miso and spicy miso as the flavors for your broth. I tend to choose the spicy option wherever I go, but here, I think the salt flavored broth is the winner. It's got a really clean taste that complements the tonkotsu (pork) broth. I wasn't a fan of the miso and soy sauce flavors not only because they are overpowering but because the pork belly we got with them straight up sucked. The pork belly in the salt ramen was a good balance of fat and meat which meant melt-in-your-mouth goodness, so I'm not sure if they just ended up giving us the crappy pork by chance or the soy sauce and miso broth just come with that kind of meat. I like that you get to choose between the small, medium, and large size bowl. For a couple of bucks more, you can make that a combo where you get to pick from a variety of rice bowls. My favorites are the Ikura don (rice bowl with orange salmon roe) and the char su don (rice bowl with tiny chunks of pork belly). Mmmmm! Oh and I also like that they give you plenty of bamboo shoots and mushrooms :9 The one thing I'm so-so on is their noodles. Santouka uses the curly noodles which are chewy (a good thing) but I guess they remind me too much of instant ramen. Of course they are way better than the packaged deal but I just prefer the straight noodles like the ones they serve at Yamadaya. *shrugs* this is just a matter of preference. Tip: Santouka doesn't have too many drink options. You can buy a beverage from Mitsuwa's huge selection of drinks in refrigerated section!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,4/25/2013,75,217,2,6,4>PB Fish Shop seems like the kind of place that makes most of its bank in the summer, when the warm San Diego breeze lilts in through the windows and shorted and skirted beach bronzed locals slip in here for a taco and a beer.I, of course, arrived in the middle of December on a weeknight.Surprisingly, the place was crowded! Everyone was bundled up in coats (which I would recommend if it's at all a cold day out, because it can get chilly in the shop) which had a strangely festive air when combined with the window decorations.They have a vast selection of local beers and wines, and that seems to be a big draw--you can open up a tab if you're drinking the night away with friends. You can walk up to the counter and place your order, then they bring it to the table for you.Here's what we got:Lobster Lumpia: Did the lobster look like individual chunks of lobster? Not really. It was shredded into strips that were inside the egg roll. Did the lobster taste every bit as succulent and sweet as lobster should? Yes.  I balked at the price, imagining two piddly egg rolls, but they are of a decent size and they give you rice to make it a little more filling. Plus it comes with a sweet, sticky sesame sauce that brings the whole thing together really well (dump it out on your rice when you're done with dipping!)(PRO TIP #1 - They give you way too much avocado if you add it onto any of your tacos to actually fit all of said avocado on the taco, so what you can do is put the rest on top of the lumpia rice to make it more sumptuous and delicious. Trust me, it's sensational.)TKO Taco: This was really, really good--succulent chunks of fish and a sweet pineapple-y mango-y slaw. A nice level of heat--it disappeared quickly.Scallop Sandwich: This was one of the top five sandwiches I have ever had in my life. SERIOUSLY. This alone earns them five stars in my book. The scallops are lightly fried in a salty, savory batter, and they are flawless. The onions are cooked in some sort of red wine vinegar to give them a snappy, acidic flavor that cuts through the richness of the scallop and the thickness of the tartar. The bread is toasted to perfect crispness on the outside and softness on the inside.This sandwich was absolutely unreal. It came with similarly unreal fries--crisp on the outside, consistency of mashed potatoes on the inside. Both of us kept eating these long after we were full because they were so good.Lobster Taco: The ONE flaw with my meal was in this dish, and it was mostly my fault. The slaw on top is acidic and tomatoey and very flavorful (designed to cut through the thick fattiness of fried fish), and all I got was garlic butter on my lobster, so the delicate lobster sort of disappeared behind that punch of flavor. The tortilla and slaw were delicious, but my lobster was MIA.(PRO TIP #2 - It doesn't seem like you can do this at first, but you can actually order more than one marinade--as many as you want! And this, you should do. Had I ordered more than one marinade on my lobster I could have saved my Lobster Taco. Live n learn, I guess!)One of the reasons I liked this place so much was that I could get the tacos without white sauce and cheese, and they were just as good as they would have been otherwise. This usually sucks the life right out of average tacos, but here the ingredients really stood on their own.Yes, this place was expensive, but it was absolutely worth every cent I spent here. I would happily forgo eating at mediocre places and eat rice and beans in order to eat here once a week, and I hope I get to do just that.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,4/24/2013,228,185,4,8,5>My godfather decided to take my family and I to this place today. He was raving about it all the way there since he had just tried it yesterday night. For him to love a place THAT much, it must had been really good and he knows his Middle Eastern food since he's Armenian. When we arrived at 4 it was closed but the owner told us to come back in 45 minutes once the oven was nice and hot.This place is literally brand new, they just opened this past week. Everything is very clean and simple. I really like how simple the interior is, I found it to be very inviting. Once we sat down we were immediately taken care by one of the staff members. Maybe a couple of minutes later we were brought some bread. That bread is like potato chips, you can't just have one piece. You'll be instantly hooked on the hot bread. For starters we had olives, hummus, baba ghannouj, and tabbouleh. The tabbouleh was great. I particularly enjoyed that it didn't leave a weird aftertaste like some do. It was simple and it complimented the creamy hummus very well. What I became obsessed with was the baba ghannouj. OH MY GOD, WHERE HAS THIS DISH BEEN ALL MY LIFE?? Baba ghannouj is a roasted eggplant dip with garlic, tahini, lemon juice, olive oil, and pomegranate sprinkled on top. At first when I saw the pomegranate I was a bit worried since I'm not the biggest fan of the having something savory with something sweet, but the pomegranate complimented the eggplant incredibly well. I had to share the little plate with my godfather's son and daughter but I ended up eating the whole thing. That's how much I loved it. And don't feel sorry for them, they were too busy with the hummus and tabbouleh to even care about the baba ghannouj so that worked in my favor. As the entree we had the Lebanese fest for everyone to share. The feast includes the starters, rice, vegetables, and a choice of two meats. You can choose from chicken shish kabob, kafta kabobgee or beef shwarma, we had the chicken shish kabob and the kafta kabobgee. I'm used to having my Lebanese friend's mom make kafta kabobgee but shape them like little patties so when the plate arrived I initially thought it was a piece of steak. Everything was so good. The chicken was nice and moist, the kafta kabobgee was rich in flavor, the vegetables were nicely roasted, and the rice was perfectly cooked. Here's a tip: Grab a roasted tomato and smash it into the rice, mix it up, and add a little salt. I probably ate the most rice out of everyone on the table but I just love eating rice like that. After the Lebanese fest I swear I had already gained like 15 pounds, I was about to just roll over and go to sleep but the owner was kind enough to bring dessert. He brought us crepes and Kinafih Bil Jibin. I had never seen or even heard of Kinafih Bil Jibin in my life. It is shredded philo dough with melted cheese and topped with homemade syrup. When I saw it I was like "what the hell is that?" but then I tried it. Holy cheesus! It is delicious! Again everything compliments each other so great. Its incredible how things that I normally wouldn't think of combining can blow me away like this dessert did. I was in love! As for the crepe, it was ok. I end up comparing all the crepes I have here to the ones I had in Paris so I'm always quite indifferent about American crepes.This was such a great first meal at a new place. I will definitely come back for sure because the food was great and the owner is incredibly nice.Come and support a great new business, both you and your stomach will thank me later.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,4/23/2013,176,536,9,16,12>This place is Great for both beginners and advanced yogies alike.  They have something for everyone.True Beginner classes, for people brand new to yogaHatha, Yin, and Restorative classes for a more gentle experience, great for those new to yoga or when want to take it easy on the body.  Maurine and Lisa M. are sincerely compassionate and accommodating and offer many adjustments and variations for all levels of practice.  It's very obvious that they are very caring individuals.Ashtanga, for those who want a tough, challenging, high intensity, sweaty, tie me into a pretzel kind of experience.  Having practiced yoga for a year and a half, this is my first experience in an Ashtanga setting.  Man, Ashtanga is no joke, it's tough and i feel like people take their practice seriously here.  Each class starts with an invocation which i haven't learned yet.  I just mumble along =)  But they know their regulars so if there's enough regulars then they just say the invocation, if not then they just have you repeat each line after them.Michelle is one of my fav instructors in SD she is very observant and detail oriented.  She can always spot the little things you can do to make each pose better and gives lots of micro adjustments (both verbally and physically).  It's amazing how the smallest adjustment (straightening your foot, pointing your toes, tilting your pelvis or shifting your weight) makes a world of difference in how something feels.  Be warned her classes can be tough, but she does offer many variations for all levels.It's these types of instructors that that make this studio so great.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,4/22/2013,1020,575,11,14,16>Why I love San Diego....Reason #103:Accessible fresh produce!When the weekend rolls around, I always find myself taking out at least 60 bucks cash just to spend here. I come here religiously (literally after mass on Sundays most of the time) for my weekly fix of fresh fruits and veggies. Whatever strikes my fancy is what I'll revolve my week's menu.For example, I bought kale, avocados, a mango, jicama, spinach, strawberries, raspberries, pineapple. I used the raspberries in my greek yogurt. Made kale chips. Made a fruit salad with the rest of the fruit. Guacamole with the avocados and steamed the spinach for a side dish. Simple as that.I'm also impressed with the ready to eat foods here. I got pita chips with homemade tabouli salad and pesto spread that was delish. There's also a green juice made on site that I have throughout the week. Also the Brazilian puffed pastries filled with ground beef and olives make for a good late brunch snack.The only thing is parking can get challenging, but just have a little patience because it's worth the wait. Needless to say, you'll find me here every Sunday.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,4/21/2013,198,283,8,6,8>Mmmmm HMM. Who would've thunk it? Awesome southern BBQ right in San Diego! It's out in a sketch area but serves up some LEGIT grub. Top recommendations: Beef tips, mac&cheese, and bbq baked beans. I usually don't even like beans but these are melt in your mouth amazeballs. Mac and cheese was the BEST I've ever had - elsewhere it's usually really heavy and disgusting after a couple of bites. Try your meats with the twisted sauce, it's a great combo of sweet/spicy BBQ sauce.Had some trouble grabbing their super tender beef and pork ribs... ended up ditching the utensils and going beastmode with my hands. Who cares. And after their generous free first-timer samples and first-timer discount, I was hooked. Sorry Phil's. Your side dishes are mediocre and you don't have beef tips. You're far, parking always sucks, and waiting in the line is like Disneyland on a hot summer day. Me and Mr. Jones... we got a thingggggg goin' onnnn...
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,8/18/2010,645,258,14,32,27>Seriously, I've been at a loss for words on what to write lately because I've been spending most of my days working with a charity.  I realized today how much I've been downtown and how much time I've spent dropping off pet food at The Alpha Project.  Seeing there are no reviews this is my big fat chance to score a 1st to review.If you haven't heard of the Alpha project it is a temporary shelter downtown for the homeless.   I just love it when someone says "why are you doing this"  "most homeless are drug users" or "they must have someone they could turn to""PEOPLE"  "Please be my guest to get out there and check it out for yourself.  It is amazing how many homeless people there are.  People  just as you & I.  How many times have you heard someone or maybe even yourself say "I have to hurry and get paid so I can pay for this or that"   Well what if all of a sudden your job was yanked out from underneath you and you didn't have family around to help.   Well I seriously doubt you would be yelping all day.  Ok... maybe for the first week but after that what do you do?  It's not as if we get paid for these reviews now is it? Bob McElroy is the man in charge of the winter shelter.  He is out there making sure the people waiting to get in stay warm.   He is also in charge of the first Hospice of the homeless.  What can I say? What about Bob?  Bob is an amazing man.  He's not here saying "oh you can't do that" and "why are you doing this" Bob just does it.  Bob is a realist.  He is doing what other people should do to help others.I have to say when I've dropped off pet food I have met some of the nicest, kindest people in the world.  My husband freaked the first time I started doing this last summer but now I believe he's getting use to it.  He really doesn't have a choice.  I would do it no matter what. Now when people ask me my religion or how close is my faith in a Supreme Being.  My answer will be "I have never felt closer to a God than I have helping the homeless"Thank goodness for the Alpha Project and if any yelpers ever want to donate for a good cause just drive up, pull over, meet security at the side, drop off whatever you have and go on your merry way.Below is a video, photos and information which you can view at your own leisure.  If you need a break from Yelp please do so by checking this out.  This structure is HUGE! This is called the winter shelter and is up from November-March.  alphaproject.org/default…huffingtonpost.com/chris…signonsandiego.com/news/…
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,8/17/2010,255,397,13,18,16>Until very recently I always thought the Brigantine was a chain type place and kept my distance.   A few times over the last year my daughter and I swung by for appetizers when we were finishing up a day together.Last night we went there as a family for the first time for a real sit down dinner and what a pleasant surprise.   The food was great!  The place is a little loud (which is why the 4 vs 5 stars)It started with great service and some amazing fresh bread.    The bread tasted like it was straight out of the oven.Appetizer:  Cheese crab and shrimp fondue.  It's not strictly a fondue in the 70's style hot pot sense but is a dish of cheese in a steaming hot cast iron pan with bread to dip into the cheese.  Call it what ever you want and I will order it.I had the shrimp stuffed with crab, rolled with bacon and cooked until the shrimp was tender, the crab was hot and the bacon was crispy.    It was perfect.   Sublime.  Delicious. It was served with potato salad with blue cheese and bacon.  I was a little concerned at this combo until I took my first rich, creamy, cheesy bacon laden bite.   At this point I was in a pretty happy place. The daughter had the soft shell crabs with kettle chips.   Said they were awesome.The teenage son had a white fish dish that disappeared so quickly that we never could figure out what he ordered.The paterfamilias had sea bass and it was good.No dessert was needed as the happy diners walked off into the sunset looking for a nice quiet place to digest and contemplate that lovely meal.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,8/16/2010,132,153,15,13,14>Tapioca Heaven is alittle confusing.  Is it a boba station?!?  Is it a restaurant?!?  Is it a yogurt shop?!?  Actually it is alittle of everything.  It is kinda like that confused friend you had in college.  Who never knew what to declare their major in.Well this cute cafe/restaurant has it all.  If you are in the mood for a treat, you came to the right place.  You can come and get your boba  fix.  If you are daring they even serve food.  They seem to specialize in fast food.  There was an abundance of fried dishes on their menu.  The day I came they were selling chill cheese hot dogs.  Sounds tempting but I am not at that level with Tapioca Heaven.  We just met!!!  Maybe after on our 5th date, I may want to go there.   If you like boba tea drinks, then this is the place to come.  There drinks are made quick.  The flavors are tasty.  They don't mass their drinks with tons of ice.  They have a nice selection of flavor bobas to choice from. This is the perfect place to come with a group of friends hang out.  There is plenty of comfy chairs and games.  It has cool cafe vibe.Give this place a try if you are in the area.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2010,8/14/2010,195,63,13,14,13>Loma Bonita is very close to my work. I've passed this taco shop so many times, but I've never stopped to check it out. Finally, I yelped it. As mentioned by Jeff L, the super extra burrito is huge! He states: "Stretches from my elbow to the tips of my fingers". I ordered it; I had to see it for myself. Also ordered a shrimp and carne asada burrito as well. A few moments later, out came 2 bags. Whoa Baby! Extra burrito needed its own bag. Freakishly long (that's what she said). It really did Stretch from my elbow, and PAST my finger tips. Cut that monster up and shared it with the fam along with the other 2 burritos. Pretty good!All 3 burritos for about 18 bucks.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,8/13/2010,413,1019,16,17,16>"come and knock on our door...we've been waiting for you...where the beer list includes stone, lost abbey and rogue... and there's sausages too....."Okay, I couldn't resist breaking out in song, though I am sure it is lost in some of you young ones :)So I kept seeing friends check in here on FB and 4L7 and I had to go too, if only to say that I went to the "Regal Beagle". We rolled in and it was pretty busy but there were a few spots at the bar, so we bellied up and went to work. Yes, their beer selection is amazing. All you craft beer lovers will be in heaven. The selection of sausages are inspired as well - we ordered the  German Garlic (for Nazi Vampire killers!) and the Veal Brat. The sausages come in a roll with your choice of two toppings along with a side of house chips. My dining partner in crime also ordered the German potato salad, which is served in a huge bowl. We made quick work of our sausages and beer while chatting up our bartenders, who were uber cool.We could have hung out there all night, but we had places to be, so we settled up - totally reasonable pricing for all that food and 3 beers. We're definitely coming back because I have a date with some Lost Abbey Devotion and a Jalapeno Cheddar with chili. P.S. Anyone that has been to Toronado will inevitably want to compare. What you need to know - the smaller selection of beer is more than made up for the fact that the staff are way nicer (read: less snobby) and the fact that you don't have to wash that hipster smell off when you get home. Enough said.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2009,8/12/2010,368,405,8,15,12>I came in a few weeks ago, scouting new tattoo artists. Looked through a few books, and was pretty impressed for the type of work I was looking to get done.  It was early afternoon, and with no one in the shop, I asked Lance about a possible tattoo, and pricing, and half an hour later I was seated and ready to go.I hadn't planned on getting anything done that day, so I was super stoked on my semi-spur of the moment tattoo.The shop is extremely clean, and the other artists are equally great with their work.  Lance did a great job with my piece, it was priced extremely well and the experience wasn't as nerve wracking as many can be.Overall a great place if you're looking for a tattoo or piercing.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,8/11/2010,182,104,17,19,23>I had about 20 minutes to get ready for a wedding.  The dress I had planned on wearing had suddenly grown!  It was nice to know I had unknowingly shrunk, but dammit...I did not have time for this!So, I hopped in my car, drove down the street.   NO EFFING PARKING!  There is no time for second thoughts, and found parking in front of Einsteins.  Disregarding the "this lot is for our customers only sign," I figured Ef it! I'll only be here as long as it would take to get a bagel, and well there are two other open spots int the lot.Shrugging my guilty parking conscience, looking at the clock ticking away my getting ready minutes, I got out of my car and literally ran into Twirl!I grabbed two of every dress I thought would work.  And lo'! not one did!Enter the adorably pin-tucked sales attendant.  God BLESS his amazing customer service.  I told him my predicament and size, and he proceeded to bring me each and every dress he thought would work in the store.  He was more determined than I to find the perfect ensemble!Success was achieved in a sassy serpentine-inspired-halter-maxi dress, with a built in double-buckle belt.  I am never usually a fan of attached accessories, which is why I originally passed on this foxy number.  But you never can tell what a dress will really look like draped on the body if it's draped on a hanger.  Thank you, you tie-and-vested angel of retail-accouterments.I got the necklace and earrings to seal the deal as he was ringing up my purchase at the well-stocked-with-unique-and-affordable-accessorie­s front counter.Ran back to the car.  It was still there...drove the minute to my house and was on the road on the way to the wedding a mere five minutes later than anticipated.Thank you Twirl.  You do know how to dress a girl.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2009,8/10/2010,280,432,15,19,17>We were actually headed to Taste of Italy when we saw that this place had opened.  According to the waiter, they'd only been open for two weeks.  The menu looked interesting so we thought, what the heck.  We did feel like we were in someone's house, complete with laundry hanging on a wall.  Lots of little details like old records and magazines on the walls.  There was a counter with pasta and other Italian items for sale(?)  I did have my eye on a jar of Nutella...LOL!  The front dining area was a little cramped.  I did like the big picnic table  in the front.  But the tables for two appeared a little small and close to the others.  We settle on a table near the counter.  My only complaint was that the space behind me was narrow, so the wait staff continuously brushed up against the back of my chair.The table was high, my chair a little low.  The place mats are raised wood that reminded me of wooden sushi plates.  So I kind of felt like a 12-year-old.  But the atmosphere was very festive and the waiter friendly.  I walked toward the back and there's a little dining area before reaching the patio.  We felt like we were somewhere other than San Diego.I ordered the politically incorrect veal, and the partner had the chicken.  The menu reminded me of Sal's in P-town, so I ordered the pasta with pesto to share.  The veal was tender and came with a delicious Marsala wine sauce with mushrooms.  The partner's chicken had these flavorful tomatoes.  Both dishes came with firm seasonal vegetables.  The pasta went well with both dishes and we were surprised at the cubed potatoes that were tossed with it.  It was quite tasty.The overall presentation was great!  I liked the pan the pasta came in.  And the warm bread was served in a colander with olive oil and balsamic.  They have a nice wine list as well.  The check arrived in a match box which I thought was clever.  But there were a few things I wasn't impressed with.The uniforms for the staff were hokey.  We know it's Italian, but must they be humiliated by wearing red, green, and white suspenders with matching red bow ties?  There was a lot of kitschy knick-knack things going on, which may be great for some places, but I thought it was a little overkill.  I think the owners were there, and they could  have been a little more friendlier, crack a smile...it's not gonna hurt.  You'd think since they just opened, they'd go to each table and talk to the customers.  In this economy, and those famous words of Rupaul,you better work ( cover girl )work it girl ( give a twirl )do your thing on the runwayOkay, so it's not a runway, but you know what I mean.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,8/9/2010,1138,193,15,17,16>BON APPETITETip for thought: Park at their private parking lot you'll see a guy in a booth that will issue you a ticket than validate after eating a good meal at Arrivederci; its better than tryna look for parking on the street. I arrived and asked for a party of two but the only thing available was the outside patio so that was fine tho the table is small but adequate and yet classy due to the table made of marble. Brown and white checkered neckerchief, utencils: 2 sets of fork, knife & spoon. As I glanced at the menu the only the only meal that was calling my name was the Gamberi Portofino: Shrimp, Mussels, Clams & Calamari sauteed in white wine and light tomato sauce with a side of carrots, broccoli and potatoes. For starters the cibatta bread with the delicious marinara sauce tops it off without ordering any appetizers to make you ready for the main entree. I've actually asked for seconds on the bread and marinara sauce. Once I received my main course all I can do is enjoy every single bite. Perfectly delicious as I imagined my meal would be.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,8/8/2010,620,1444,30,36,29>(An Ode to Ota)Awww, wah wah, the service.Awww, wah wah, the wait is too long.Awww, wah wah, stop being a crybaby.Sushi Ota is where Sushi Jedi chefs serve tasty sushi to patrons that demand only the best. They fly in the best fish from all over the world and serve it. Luckily that night, they had Spanish Bluefin (for otoro). You MUST sit at the bar. Otherwise, you can never get a true sushi experience. The sushi bar is intimate and the sushi chefs are so knowledgeable and friendly. They serve the sushi directly onto your plate; this is a very personal dining experience. Call ahead and make reservations like an Indian chief.Happy hour specials? Go elsewhereTrying to save a few bucks? Go elsewhereWant a cool, hipster atmosphere? Go elsewhere* Amaebi in which the heads were still twitching: Sublime in every way; I could taste the life of the shrimp as if it was still alive in my mouth and while it may sound inhumane, the amaebi was out of this world* Otoro: So divine you should close your eyes and not talk to enjoy this remarkable delight. At $7 a slice, you better shut-up, close your eyes and revel in this extraterrestrial delight* Sake (salmon) belly: So creamy it tasted like butter churned on Mt. Olympus; eat it properly with your fingers (no chopsticks)* Buri yellowtail: Yes, they have buri (mature) yellowtail =)* Tamago: Imposter sushi restaurants buy their tamago. Sushi Ota's? They make it. Simple but a culinary masterpiece. House-made and it's branded with the Ota logo. * Spicy yellowtail roll: Amazing; spicy rolls at 90%+ of other sushi joints are really spicy to mask the fact that they use the bad parts of the fish (how else can you pay $4 for a tuna roll). But not at Sushi Ota; it's barely spicy and you taste the richness of the fish* Spicy ahi roll: Amazing, just like above* Seaweed salad: Whet the appetite; salty and deliciously tangy* Sake and nigori sake* Draft beerSUSHI OTA. Serious Sushi. Period
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,10/30/2008,260,217,29,19,25>I came here last night, and thought to myself, "Why oh why did I ever stop coming here?"Oh, yes, I remember now.  It really is a tragic story.  My old roommate and I used to come here EVERY TUESDAY, without fail.  The music is amazing (big sonic chill from 9p - 11p on Tuesdays, thanks to 94.9), and DJ Drew is great about playing requests.  Is?  Was?  It's been so long since i have been there on a Tuesday, that i can't say for sure if he is still the DJ -- i hope he is.  They also have raffles on Tuesdays, for concert tickets, drinks, etc.  I won tickets to the Secret Machines, Gomez, Comic-con (definitely gave those ones away), and more.  Thank you AC Lounge.Eventually, my roommate and I got our own places, and she somehow jumped headfirst into the world of religion...so much so that going out and having a drink was complete debauchery in her book.  Sigh...I was left without a Tuesday night partner in crime.  Thanks a lot JESUS!  Eventually the days and months passed, and the Air Conditioned Lounge and I became little more than acquaintances.But this Wednesday night, there was a reunion.  A happy one.  The place was almost empty, but my feelings were still there.  The music was good.  The drinks were good (pricey though -- try Kadan across the street to get a cheap pre-buzz).  I started falling in love all over again, and my memories -- the sights, sounds, smells of the place -- surrounded me like a warm blanket. AC is a little swanky, has many COMFORTABLE, lounge-y  places to sit, and overall just has a cool (literally and figuratively!) vibe.  Weekends, it gets crowded, and the dance floor gets pretty packed.  During the week, not so much; more of a place to just have a glass of wine and talk.AC is back in my life and it feels great.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2008,10/28/2008,267,144,11,8,10>Dear Yakitori Yakyudori,I have visited you several times over.  I have a bone to pick with you.  I sit down and take in your delectable food/drink.  I take in the aroma of good food being cooked over your grill.  I try my best to read your menu and decipher what I'm going to eat.  I hate you Yak.......You feed me with such good foods that I get too full that I can't eat or try everything I want to on one visit.  You give me a bad stomach ache for eating too much.  I blame you for offering the notorious 6x6x6...sign of the devil!.....6 beef skewers....6 chicken....6 pork skewers.   Not to mention your bacon wrapped asparagus which prolly right now is clogging my arteries just thinking about it.  Speaking of chicken....why do you torture with me with the option of chicken breast or thigh?  You know I'm a breast man  *wink wink*....but your thighs are so juicy and succulent.   whoa...tmi...I will conquer you Yak....I will try your infamous quail eggs w/cheese and grilled shitake mushrooms.  Do I dare try the chicken hearts and gizzards?  I don't know.I'm mad at you.  You don't write... you don't call... you're not open during lunch on certain days.....But that's ok...cuz in the end I still love you.  Call me.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2008,10/26/2008,1299,698,25,16,17>HK is a mom and pop store with vinyl booths from the 80s.  I swear it's a little, quaint joint with your standard Chinese food fare.I dig the food - though a bit oily sometimes- but oily is okay because after a night of drinking - everything is good.  Sloppy is always good after last call.  It's one of the few places around town that's open late and an alternative choice to Denny's and burritos after last call.  This is where my review ends.  Maybe? Maybe not?**WARNING - WALL OF TEXT FORTHCOMING**~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So, what's good after last call?  Grease and very late night eats. And, what's lowest on the radar? Drama at HK - a year ago for me. LOLHey, we haven't been to HK in awhile; let's go!A group of loud, drunk friends got into a heated argument and left, much to the relief of the patrons and staff. The loudest one of them came back to the table who ordered a bowl of rice.  Chinese matron declined him. He talked trash over the eating chatter.A friend talked trash about him.  He heard my buddy and came over to share his piece of mind.  Someone else told him to him to GTFO.  He told her to get a new "weave." LMFAO!As he was walking back to his table, another dude met him by the front door: nose to nose.  From our table, we watched.  The eating chatter stopped.  FISTS!!! Trash talker fell to the ground.  Other dude stood above him throwing random, aimless blows down into the guy's face.  It was a sloppy fight actually.3 Chinese chefs rush out from the back and drag out the other dude outside and restrain him.  Crazily, I stood up, ran to the guy on the ground (who started the drama) and dragged him outside.  He was crying like a little drunk bizatch.  Outside, I picked him up and pushed him towards University yelling "GO HOME! You're a fucking mess!"  He runs away from me telling me to fuck off.  He also tears off his shirt. WTF? Then he flips me off and runs around the corner eastbound on University.I laugh and walk back to see the chefs holding the other dude, but he manages to break free running southbound on 4th.  The chefs and I look at each other: WTF? A buddy comes out and says to me in a drunk lisp - "Dude, I thought you died.  You better get in here before the cops think it's your fault." Blah blah lbahI sit with the crew and laugh at my lame heroics.  We talked about how peeps yelled "CALL 911" but no one ever made the call.  LOLThe restaurant is good, then SHATTER! Our table seated about 20 feet back from the front feels glass bits fly towards us and into our food.  I get up and look - it was the dude that ran away from me the first time.  I think he meant to hit the glass, but not mean to shatter it.  FREAKED out, he ran away again. hahah what a douche!!!I yelled to my friends - "Time to go. Drop your cash now!"My drunk friend says he's only got $3 but makes change.  He's a drunk lush.  We were out of there. One of the galpals says, "I guess we should've gone to Tajima."
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2008,10/25/2008,152,31,20,19,21>Oh, Asian Bistro...  Why have I forsaken you until now?You soothed my over-worked nerves with mango and coconut sticky rice.  Your schizophrenic naming scheme left me confused.Yet, you are legendary amongst my drunk friends in need of spicy Thai curry to assuage that hunger deep inside late nights.  I shall keep you on the short list of potential pregnant wife crazy craving sources should I ever be graced into that situation.The staff was attentive but unobtrusive and they got back with the food in pretty short order.I'll have to go back there some night to get some rice and to explain the story of why the "heart shape" is shaped the way it is and how it got associated with love... just before I break it up and smother it with tangerine chicken and curry.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2008,10/24/2008,415,328,19,15,16>OK so last night our kickball team lost 5-3. I never thought it could happen but it did. The team was getting ready to head off to one or our usual after game bars like U-31 or the Ould Sod when Ruggy let us know there would be a change in plans. He told us that we would instead be drinking at Pecs. He failed to mention that it was a "bar for men". So off we go. After we passed through the leather chaps hanging from the door way I sensed something was amiss. We brought the only girls in the bar. Hmmm. Ruggy said this was our punishment for losing. He's a tricky one. Only one of our group ended up punished but that's probably because he was working the room too hard for some free drinks. Anyway, on to my review.Pecs is a bar for men but they are also pretty welcoming to the ladies. The bartenders are on it. Quick with fresh cold glasses, quick with more pitchers of super inexpensive beer. Just good all around guys. By the way, this is the place to go for deals on pitchers. We were drinking Stella and Widmer for like $8 a pitcher or something. Eric said it was the cheapest beer tab he ever had. Apparently they do happy hour from noon til eight daily. Anyway, the crowd was super friendly and welcoming to all of us. I chatted up Mark and Martin who were sitting at the outdoor patio (which I prefer over the inside). I told Martin I thought I could rock his chaps he was wearing better than he could but I would leave out the cheetah print underwear. He pointed out that they matched the pumps he was wearing. Ummm OK, didn't even see those. Yeah Pecs is quite a colorful place but I would come back again for the entertainment and cheap beer. I just hope it's no time soon because that means we lost again.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,10/23/2008,645,258,11,11,12>We all decided this would be a good place to get drinks and some appetizers after work.  Close by and meetings have been scheduled here so we thought we should try it. Before I begin my current review I will let you in on my own personal experience:Years ago I landed a waitressing job at the location in Mission Valley, which was closed down for illegal dealings.  Something to do with "waitresses", "hookers" and some shady business going on. At the time I was in college and remember my manager telling me to lean over the table and light the "gentleman's" cigarettes (smoking was legal) while showing some ass.  What??? HAHA! I remember working there for several months until one day I started feeling like the dirty ash tray laying on the table. I could definitely see where there may have been some weird stuff but I never let it get to that point, however, I will say I knew my time was over when a few of us were asked to model lingerie through the restaurant while men sat around chopping on their beef with big drooling grins grimacing across their face.  YEECH! So that was the end of my Butcher Shop experience.  Walked out the door, threw off my patent white stilettos, put on my rave gear and waved adios to the place that would soon close down.So forgive me when I say I am still a little skeptical when I hear the name "Butcher Shop". It was a beautiful sunny day and upon entering the restaurant my eyes had to get accustomed to the darkness.  Pictures of old-time celebrities showered the walls along with a feeling of how it use to be with Sammy Davis or Sinatra.Started with a vodka tonic which was made just right, ordered crispy zucchini which was very yummy.  Tasted the bruschetta off someone else's plate and ended up with soup and salad of my own..  Everything tasted good and I noticed the waitresses were older and knew practically everyone in the place.  Told me the place has lots of regulars and not much turnover which is good for a place of business. Hostess, bartenders and waitresses were very pleasant .  The manager even came by to chat and see how we were doing.  We all had fun and the cocktails kept coming our way!  Let's just say no lingerie, no smoking and no drooling men.....well hold on...is that possible when you are out with about 10 females??? I say we will definitely be back and as far as the name...... Let me just say "I bet there is a lot of history that goes along with every bit of that name"
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,10/22/2008,166,31,11,19,20>Raspados are basically snow cones. The term originates from the Spanish verb raspar, which means, "to scrape." So they basically mean "scraped ice." Done right and you have an awesome refreshment, of hand shaved ice and fresh fruit chunks in natural fruit syrup.  I have had my share of these special treats around the county, and honey bananas Is a personal favorite.It may seem fairly simple to make a Raspado but few places do it right.  *Here the cups are filled halfway with Ice shaved to order , the Ice is not hand  shaved however the Ice granules are solid enough to hold up the thick fruit syrups.*Fruit Syrups with chucks of real fruit are poured over the ice. *A second layer of ice is added and forms into a volcano like shape, and a  second topping of fruit syrup is added. *Add a straw and spoon and enjoy!img.photobucket.com/albu… Honey Banana serves this cold specialty  in a variety of different flavors.  I always like to rock flavor combos such as strawberry/coco, or coco/guava and top them with the optional drizzle of condensed milk. These wonderful Raspados will set you back a whopping $2.50! In addition to Raspados they serve a variety of refreshments including their best selling Tejuino  (Mildly fermented corn masa and piloncillo based drink).img.photobucket.com/albu… They have a, few chairs inside, but most customers order theirs to-go. I have my friend Alex to thank for guiding me to this place. It's a perfect 1-2 combo after having Tacos up the street at Tacos El Gordo.Honey Banana = simple delights.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,10/20/2008,128,69,5,14,7>First of all, I want to start off by saying that I nearly went to med school and that my father is a CT surgeon.  In my family chiropractic is a four letter word.  It seemed, at least to my sister and I, that going to see a chiropractor would be tantamount to taking sides against the family.  Enough of that blather.About five years ago I hurt my back while doing some dead lifts at the gym.  I literally could not move - I was in complete agony.  Out of desperation and self preservation I went to a chiropractor that a co-worker had recommended.  He adjusted me, made me pay for x-rays, gave me all this nonsense and mumbo jumbo, made me sign up for two or three visits per week for the next five weeks.   As I hobbled back into my car feeling exactly the same, except that I had spent money and now was scheduled to lose more money.  I went back to one more session later that week and I was still in the exact same predicament - I canceled the remaining appointments.I called my outrigger coach and explained that I wouldn't be able to make it to practice.  He immediately texted me Dr. Dorman's information.  My coach assured me that Dr. Dorman was for real.At this point I was convinced that my father was right, that all chiropractors are frauds, quacks, and charlatans... BUT... I was still experiencing insufferable agony.  I called, he was booked, but would stay late to see me. I went into his office.  I explained to him what happened.  He examined me.  He had me get on the table... This is where things took a remarkable (short term) turn for the worse.  He did all sorts of body work, pressure point work, and really worked the area plus some spots on my left lat (that I thought wasn't associated, but what do I know, right?)... Everything that he put me through hurt like a mo-fo.  I can still hear Dr. Dorman telling me to breath...  Everything culminated in the adjustment. Dr. Dorman helped me up off of the table.  To my surprise (and joy) I was able to stand up straight and walk without a pronounced limp.It was a freak'n miracle.I went once more at the end of the week and against his advice actually raced that Saturday.  But I was cured.  He fixed me.He isn't one of those chiropractors who will try to up-sell you, or try to get you to sign up for more sessions.  He is real and he is a 100% straight shooter.Since then I have been going back there between one and four times per year when I hurt my back doing something stupid.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,10/18/2008,859,450,18,15,17>I came to Kaiserhoff for Happy  Hour with a friend and co-worker (everyone else flaked out) but I was resolved to drink beer. For God created beer. And it was good.When we got there, we headed to the biergarden and ordered one of the oktoberfest brews (my co-worker was in Germany for like 6 months so I left it all in his hands). The beer was a nice amber color and started to make me feel buzzed after the 4th mug. Our waiter said something that sounded like "free food" before he wandered off. In my head I was like, "did he just say free food?"When he eventually came back, my friend asked him about the free food. Waiter: We don't have free food.Me: (in my head) AwwwwwwwwwWaiter: We have complimentary food.Me: Success!The complimentary food was cool but we also ordered some stuff from the menu which turned out to be pretty good.The service was pretty slow but to me, it's not bad. There were several times when we tried to get our waiters attention with no success...like hey, hey....oh awwwww, he's gone :(------When we left, I apparently left my cell phone there. I dunno, but I swear I was not that drunk....but they called my last call and when they told him I left my phone in the Kaiserhof, all he heard was "Kaiser" and thought I had died or was really hurt :/It was kinda funny to me but probably not at the moment for him.....so yeah Kaiser, Kaiserhof....who would have thunk?Anyway, I called the restaurant once I noticed my cell phone was missing and they had it (success!) so I just made my way on over there and picked it up :]
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,10/17/2008,87,147,4,8,8>I was kinda scared to come here for laser hair removal at first, but now I'm a repeat customer!  I love it here!  Laurie P. is my favorite and she is super gentle with the laser (or as gentle as you can be) which is necessary for the sensitive regions!  I even saw results after the first treatment.I love the staff, extremely friendly and professional.  I could see how its not for 'everyone', since they cater to a higher end clientele and its in a nice new building, but if you are interested in getting pampered and taken care of for a reasonable price, this is the place for you!  They have also given me an excellent facial from Cody. He is so cute and fun.  I left after a fire & ice facial and all day people were complimenting me on my skin.Can I just say I love the compliments?  Call me vain, but I'll be back for more!!!!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,4/15/2014,505,318,7,12,11>Their sangriasTheir sheep on the ceilingTheir Big Bowl saladTheir french fries Their interior designTheir bathroomTheir water jugs (read what's on the bottle...)Their outdoor yard area These are a few of my favorite things about Queenstown Public House.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,4/14/2014,700,318,11,19,13>Hubby decided to take me on a proper date night.  It's been awhile. We had to get the honeymoon out of the way. I was recovering from a cold I contracted at the end of the honeymoon. So what better way than take his wifey out on a date to make her feel better?There was ample parking in front. I looked for the referenced valet but maybe they only do that on the weekends? And they are not on Open Table.We walked in & were immediately greeted by a host in a tuxedo. I was worried about the dress code as several Yelpers mentioned people being dressed to the nines in tuxes or suits.  Apparently these are all employees.  All of the patrons we saw that night were dressed from a man in a button down collared t-shirt and shorts to people in business casual clothing. So don't stress out too much about the attire requirement.Our waiter Charles was nice & attentive. He let us know there was a $15 corkage fee for our bottle of Luna Sangiovese. He served us the COMPLIMENTARY FRIED ZUCCHINI. I wasn't sure what to expect as people keep talking about it like it was heavenly. Honestly, I feel a lot of reviewers hyped up this zucchini appetizer as it was complimentary.  It was baked crispy but the batter was bland. The Parmesan cheese he left us helped a little but I needed something to break up the blandness. It was just OK.We decided to avoid anything having to do with seafood. Quite a few of my Yelper buddies didn't like their dishes that had seafood or just thought it was "okay". So, we listened to our fellow Yelpers and just ordered meat and/or pasta dishes for the main courses.Hubby had the soup of the day which was a WHITE BEAN SOUP. Flavorful, comforting and filling. I had the CAESAR SALAD with a slice of anchovy on top. I forgot to ask for light dressing and so they tossed it with a bit too much dressing for my taste but flavorful with crisp romaine lettuce.We shared an order of THE GODFATHER BREAD (apparently you need to order bread here & it's not complimentary like the zucchini). It came out topped with tomato & olives and seemed more like a bruschetta. Tasty and filling.  We also ordered an antipasto called SALCISSE (authentic Italian sausage, served with Bolognese sauce). Honestly the bolognese sauce saved this dish. The plate came with two sausages that didn't have any spice or herb kick to it. It was just plain sausage. The sauce however was tasty and meaty and we scraped it clean with the Godfather bread.Main course for the hubby was the CANNELLONI FATTI IN CASA (Italian crepes with chicken & cheeses, light garlic, fresh mushrooms & baked with besciamella sauce). This dish was rich while flavorful. It helped to break up the creamy beschamel sauce on top with some crushed red hot pepper flakes. It was so heavy that my hubby only ate half of his plate.  yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…Main course for the wifey (that's me) was a special of the day SHORT RIBS ON PAPPARDELLE. The short ribs were nicely braised for several hours and were tender and easily cut with a fork or a knife. It was surrounded by a thick meat gravy sauce with green peas on al dente very large, flat noodles (like an oversized linguine). The dish was gianormous and I ended up taking two-thirds of the dish to go.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…Now the reason why I docked one star is due to our waiter.  I was really surprised.  He'd given us great service up until the end. My hubby thinks it was a misunderstanding. It probably was and that is why I only docked one star, not two. We were having our leftovers packed by a runner. Our waiter asked if we were interested in coffee.  As we had about 1/4 bottle left of the Sangiovese, we declined.  He said no problem and walked away.  I thought he was going to bring us the dessert menu.  We were trying to guess what they would have here at this wonderful Italian establishment.  I figured they had to have tiramisu.  Anyway, our waiter comes back and hands us not a dessert menu but the check. Mind you, we did not ask for the check. We were still drinking our wine and enjoying date night. And instead of a dessert menu, we get handed the check.  I was not happy.  My hubby pulled out his credit card to pay but he knew I had been saving room for dessert.  When our waiter came back, he asked if they had a dessert menu.  Our waiter didn't even blink and just said he'd bring us one.  So we got a tiramisu to go.  My hubby was nice enough to even tip on the separate check for the dessert.Not sure how saying one doesn't care for coffee means one doesn't want dessert.  I mean they even serve wine (aka Port) as a dessert drink at certain establishments. In the end, we got our dessert though it left me feeling a little less happy about our fun date night and thus the minus one star.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/13/2014,243,277,17,35,22>Im giving Mesa College 5 stars and I'm rating them based on the education I received, NOT ON PARKING. Am I really going to bash a school that has a great record of students transferring to a 4-year university because I couldn't find parking? Well, no I am not. If parking is so bad why don't you take the bus? There are 2 public busses that go directly to Mesa College. Hell, They even have a bus stop named in honor of Rosa Parks for all the times she visited the school when she was alive. (Another reason mesa is so great!) I was able to learn and grow and actually got an education during the process at my time at Mesa. At the end of my tenure I was able to transfer to San Diego State University. I am one of those people that life happened to. I had to pay rent, pay bills, I got a promotion at work, needed to work 40+ hours a week, etc. and school unfortunately had to go on the back burner for a couple of years. When I got the opportunity to go back to school, I went to Mesa. I was able to get out of there 2 years later with an Associate's Degree in Language Arts & Humanities (actually from City College, but I took all of my classes at Mesa). I had a lot of units after changing my career path, but I am now studying something I love. The campus is safe and beautiful. Over the years Mesa has become actually pleasing to the eye. When I started here it was looking a bit run down- I thought I was in a '90's TV Show flashback about college. Now there are new state of the art buildings, a beautiful new student services building, landscaping, and lots more construction to make more nice spots on campus. The faculty is great. Lots of them actually teach at UCs and CSUs as well as at Mesa. Some of the best Professors I've ever had have been at Mesa. The academic programs are great, and there are lots of extracurricular activities to be a part of. I had a great time at Mesa and I think it was a great educational experience over all. There is enough parking. Get over it. This is big boy/girl school now, so I recommend that you budget your time wisely. If you are driving around looking for parking for as long as you say you are, then you're doing it wrong. Here's some hints: go to a different parking structure/lot. Park off-campus. Park at a transit center and take the bus there. Dont drive at all and take the bus there. If you're going to give your entire educational experience a bad review cuz you cant find a parking spot, you may need to re-evaluate your priorities with regards to college.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,4/12/2014,409,313,11,19,13>Only the best Filipino BBQ in National City! And everrryyybody knows it! I'm personally not a big fan or American BBQ, but Filipino and Korean BBQ are my favorite! This is my family's go-to spot for a quick fix of their BBQ mix. We always order chicken and pork, but pork and beef are probably my most favorite. They're about $2.75 a stick, but they give you a TON of meat on a stick. I mean, I only use half a stick with rice for lunch. But it's the bessst when paired with Filipino vinegar! This place never disappoints.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,4/11/2014,14,10,7,76,76>Let me start by saying, stop searching for Lasik Drs. because no one can honestly compare to Dr. Motwani. The staff is beyond amazing Kathy and Christine thank you for your amazing service. Surgery was so quick and painless. Dr. Motwani, I can see. Thank you for your incredible work.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,4/10/2014,597,654,47,52,51>"EY, YO ADRIAN!!!"Joe "The Pro" has been running this biz for years and he's never wavered from serving a quality cheesesteak. The interior is adorned with Philadelphia memorabilia, photos, flags and the movie, "Rocky" is playing in the corner. The cheesesteaks are hot, greasy, cheesy, tasty and not too big for the health conscious. No nonsense, no pretense, just good, greasy, filling goodness. I recommend the large, cheesesteak hogie with onions and peppers. OR you can go authentic plain with Cheese Whiz. Get a combo with fries and refillable drink on the side. Joe imports his bread from the East Coast and as a bonus, sells Tastycakes from Philly.Sure, there's a lot of other cheesesteak competitors and chains in town but this joint has the Philly character that most of them don't have. Come on by and say hi to Joe. Then get one of his steaks!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/9/2014,159,168,11,18,14>The Cravory is FINALLY OPEN and I am jumping for joy! For the past few months I have been like a little kid just peekin in the window and waiting to see if they were opened yet.  Now I have the luxury of having the Cravory right around the corner from my house and only minutes away to its goodness!!!Walkin into the Cravory, my taste buds got extremely excited just by the sweet aromas of cookies that filled the room.  The display of cookies were so appetizing that I just wanted a sample of every single one.  I was told the cookies change daily so that means I have to come 7 days a week to make sure I try every single flavor :)I was able to sample and bought these cookies: Twixed, Cookies & Cream Milkshake, and Ultimate Chocolate Chip.  The Twixed was my absolute favorite.. I mean what better combination can it be having your favorite candy bar in a cookie?? Every single cookie was baked to perfection...It had the right amount of softness and was like a little piece of heaven in your mouth!The only suggestions I have for this place is to add a pop of color to the decor since its all white cabinets and to offer a "Baker's Dozen" deal (which would be absolutely awesome) or to have a frequent buyer card!Overall, loooooooved the cookies and the cookie monster in me will be back for sure!!!!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,4/8/2014,565,184,10,16,11>Yup!!! I love it here. Probably my new favorite bar. The decor of this place reminds me of the log cabin fart lighting scene in the movie dumb and dumber. The one where they are wearing ugly Xmas sweaters. Makes me smile every time I walk in the door. I catch myself staring at the walls and all the little details of the decor. Don't want to go into another small dive on Adams? Sycamore Den is a great option. It is small but offers great craft beers and cocktails. Get there early if you want to post up and people watch. Great addition!!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,4/7/2014,190,175,15,15,14>This bakery is great. Sure, sure, 85C in Irvine is nice, and it will always have a soft spot in my stomach since I went to school in the area, but it's always SOOOOOOO crowded & I feel like I'm a tribute in the Hunger Games fighting for Peeta's bread. That's the whole premise of the series, right?? Anyway, I think Pangea is just perfect for the local San Diegan who loves carbs. Plus, when I went in today, the owner (I forgot her name) told me I was pretty. And at that moment, I knew. Pangea- I LOVE YOUUUUU & yes, I do. I will be your lifelong customer through thick & thin (waistlines), & in sickness & in health (carbs cure all).Top Picks:- Pizza bread!- Curry pork pocket! Yum! Wish it was hot (in temperature & in taste) & was a tad less doughy, but overall, a must-try!- Sausage bread (basically a super soft & moist bread w/ some chopped up hot dogs) Reminds me of a similar bread I used to LOVE from my hometown in the 626. - Ham & cheese croissant- Super thin almond cookies- holiday drinks (nutella hot cocoa, peppermint mocha)Other cutie items:- pink! Hello Kitty cookies- nice cakes of variety of sizes. some designs are hit/miss. There'd be a tastefully decorated cake (think Paris Baguette at H Mart) then there will be some sloppy drippy  neon/bright-colored icing ones that look like a child drew on it. You just have to try your luck!- gingerbread men & women- adorable little cupcakes & macaronsPrices are kinda steep for cookies. I saw a single cookie for $2.99. What the! But the breads are average price for this kind of bakery. I've been here about half a dozen times, and staff is always friendly & kind here.There are, of course, some classic items, like "po luo bao" which is pineapple bun. The list goes on. Just gotta stop by & see what you're in the mood for! Lots of options- whether you're craving something savory or sweet! I haven't tried many of the drinks here, but the milk tea I had this morning was okay. I'd say most come in for the freshly baked breads.TIP: The parking lot basically has room for 10 cars & the spots are not exclusive to Pangea, so I would parallel park on the street for sure.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,4/6/2014,204,144,11,19,15>**The 5 stars is strictly for omakase and sitting at the sushi bar.**  If you have the extra cash (approx $100/person) for a special occasion or maybe you're just a high roller, get the omakase.  Don't ask questions, just receive wonderfully plated sushi dishes from your chef. Best meal ever, hands down.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,6/22/2009,374,341,17,19,19>Most people that get fingerprinted do so in the warm, cozy confines of SDPD booking. I needed my fingers printed for a more benign reason, a volunteer job that wanted the assurance that I was a felony-free, law abiding citizen.AAA lives in one of those great 70's buildings in Mission Valley that reminded me of a retro t.v. show, dark glass and shabbily elegant foyer, fresh flowers in a tall vase with a rickety elevator to take you where you need to go.It's a rarity to see an oriental carpet in an elevator, even a threadbare, frayed one like the one here. It made me feel comforted, and I expected one of the Jeffersons to climb on with me and go up to their penthouse in the sky.The AAA office is tiny, just a desk and a chair, with a bored but friendly lady ready to squeeze my fingers onto her fancy hi-tech scanner.Service was fast and easy, I was in and out in about seven minutes. I  wished I had more reason to loiter in this tired old building and daydream about it's former inhabitants.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2009,6/20/2009,587,1463,21,17,19>Whats a 99 cents store doing in Encinitas ? I thought these places usually opened up in less affluent neighborhoods, or crime infested areas, or both.I always thought that Encinitas was an upscale beach town, and if anything they should have a 99 dollar store. womp womp wooomp.Anyway, my friend and his wife live in this hood, in a huge house that I could never afford on my own. Where are you sugar momma ? We were all hanging out and there was 6 of us trying to decide where to eat. They were also complaining about how broke they were and how expensive restaurants could be. I told them that I could make enough food for all of us for about $10. They didnt believe me. So I took the challenge and I proved them wrong.$1.50 = 2 packages of linguine pasta$2 = 2 packages of grape tomatoes$1.50 = 2 cans of clams, with juice$1 = 6 pack of bolillos, kinda like french bread$1 = 4 pack of zucchini$1 = 2 red bell peppers$2 = 2 packages of button mushroomsAll that resulted in 1) linguine in clam sauce with roasted grape tomatoes, mushrooms and zucchini.2) bruschetta that had tomatoes, red bell peppers and zucchini3) garlic breadOf course they had olive oil, butter and garlic at my disposal but I still pulled it off. Obviously it wasnt fancy and the quality of ingredients left alot to be desired but the fact remains, I fed 5 of my friends for $10.They were all surprised but they liked it.Believe me, the 3 bottles of wine was a major contributing factor to the enjoyment of the food.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2009,6/18/2009,196,107,26,30,25>I cant decide if i should give this place 4 or 5 stars. Let me write up a review before I click  on the stars.Saw this place here, so  I decided to check this place out.Let me teach  you how to speak tagalog real quick, this will help  you get 'hooked up' fat:"Magandang Umaga Po" - means, good morning"Magandang  Hapon Po" - good afternoon"Salamat Po!" -  Thank you!(saying "po" at the end of your sentences shows respect to elderly filipinos)Trust me, you come to this place, and say those words to them, and you will get hooked up, TRUST ME ON THIS!I walked in, and I was greeted by a warm, friendly  smile by Cecilia. They had a lot  of food to chose from. I ordered my food, being Filipino, I ordered something typical, Beef Steak, Tocino, and...  wait for it.......  SISIG!  I talked to them in tagalog and I could hear Cecilia whispering to Alfredo (while preparing my order)..."Dagdagan mo pa..."(add more)Back of my head, I was like... hell yea... lolI pointed out what I else I wanted, and she told him again..."dagdagan mo pa!"I could not help, but ask them..."Kamusta na po and negosiyo.."(How's business?)And they started talking about how they've been having a  lot more diverse customers..."Madaming  ng pumupunta na mga puti, itim pati mga mexicano..."(more  white/black/mexicans have been coming here...)I told them that I found them 'sa internet' and they were suprised!Then she asked for my name, and ended up having a conversation about  how they knew people in Philippines  that had my last name.I didn't really have enough time to have a long, detailed conversation with them, if I did, I would've stayed there until they closed or if you want to go hard core Filipino, stay there and help out with the dishes. LOL.  But I had to babysit my nephew Joseph cuz my sister had school.Notice I didn't talk about the food yet? lolSO I got home, took pictures of my food, and started munchin.The sisig, beefsteak and  tocino is really good compared to Tita's and Maharlika and DEF any other Filipino restaurant.I shared some with my sister, but she was busy with her homework, so she kinda brushed me off for a sec, then she took a bite of the sisig, and automatically, her attention shifted from her homework, to the food..  "WAIT!?, where did u say you got this from???" Yea, she was suprised this awesome food existed around the area she lived in.Would I recommend this place and actually bring more customers to this place? Yes and Yes. Would I come back for more? Yes.Ok, I've made my decision. Even though this place isn't as popular as Tita's or any other Filipino restaurants in National City or Mira Mesa. I think its better that way. Once in awhile, you just need that comfort of eating Filipino food. Without the hassle of waiting in line and finding a place to sit. And also, this restaurant should represent how Filipino foods should taste like.Final words:This place is not Fredcel Lumpias & Catering, this is Filipino Food.Click. 5 Stars.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,6/17/2009,646,294,28,23,23>"He could tell I was only here for his meat."I walked into Phil's thinking this was going to be an eating experience just like any other.  The room was bright.  There were a lot of other suitors with one thing in mind:  to get their hands on Phil's meat.  The anticipation of gorging on the best of his kind in San Diego was well worth the 20 minute wait.  "Phil" musta suspected that he wouldn't be enough for me, so he sent in a very cute and VERY friendly female sidekick.  She suggested I try to taste some of her Ipa.  That flavor was not to my liking.  So she cleaned up and gnabbed me some Amber to warm me up.Got an o-ring.Like I said, not more than 20 minutes into the foreplay finally came the main event!  As soon as the meat was in my face, I couldn't resist.  Into my mouth it went with such ease, me ripping all the meat off his -- er, its -- bone!  His ribs were firm enough for me to hold onto and quickly devour the sexy plate of goodness. --------okay ,so i'm no good at writing a trashy porno review.  tried my best though.  gotta work on my euphamsisms.At any rate.Got pretty drunk and visited Phil's with two of my guy friends on a....... Saturday night.  One of the guys said it would be busy as F, but it wasn't at all!  Actually, quite the contrary.  We simply sat at the bar, ordered a beer or two, ordered the baby back ribs with two side orders to share, and left within about 40 minutes.  That's pretty damned awesome quick.I like Phil's.I never liked onion rings before, but theirs were amazing.Not a fan of barbecue pork ribs in the first place...... or eating meat off the bone... but. oh.  my.  goodness.can you say mastecation induced orgasm.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,6/16/2009,242,154,28,26,25>I am in a relationship with about 10 guys at the moment. As in, my boyfriend and his solid posse of 9 who are my constant companions everywhere I go. Now, I don't mind this, as any bar/restaurant/life is better when surrounded by friends. However, every once in a while I need me some date night. I picture there being hand holding and ::gasp:: a shirt with sleeves? HOW DARE I. Enter Cafe Bleu, bartended and recommended by my very good friend Sean a couple years back. I took a horrendously long time to finally come in, and the opportunity came in the form of an actual date night with the Boy on New Years of 08. Long story short: this is now my official date spot, anniversary spot, you-name-it spot. Phenomenal wine selection, full bar ('tended by my pal), a gorgeous romantic setting, and OH MY GOD THE FOOD. I know it's toddler-esque of me, but I can not stray from the bleu burger, despite my tasting of so many other delicious offerings. This burger though. This burger... is as though Zeus himself was reincarnated into a golden cow and slaughtered as a sacrifice to my taste buds. And I am not even the hugest fan of bleu cheese! Plus the fries are shoe stringy which is obvs  totes my faves. Okay, enough, I'm starting to slur my words.Anyway, I've also tried the goat cheese salad, steak frites, some bomb-diggity crab soup thing, and a couple other items that were all way above par. And all while in the company of only one set of testicles, not the usual sausage fest that I am accustomed to. It is rare to find a place that a couple can be coupley without feeling too coupled (Oh sweet muffins, I am proud of that one.)unwind over a few glasses of wine, and just appreciate an expensive-looking (but moderately priced) dinner . Cafe Bleu is a great new addition to the San Diego restaurant spread and I am so happy to have found it.  Perfect for date night, girls night, or just a Sunday brunch alone getting wasted on Mimo-UM... I mean. Y'know. Brunch.Cafe Bleu. DO IT.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2008,6/15/2009,293,202,29,24,20>The Meat Sweats Definition - Excessive sweating found in conjunction with eating large amounts of meat.Being the sly Korean that I am, I decided to take my round eyed friends to all you can eat Korean bbq on triple date night.  When we walked in I was surprised the workers here spoke pretty good English.  Anyways, we started out with 6 Oriental Beers and 1 bottle of soju.  Our waitress kept repeating "you want ALL of that alcohol?" Damn straight we did.  It was Monday funday!  Next up we ordered our food.  One by one my round eyed friends ordered all you can eat bbq (kalbi, bulgogi, daeji bulgogi, chicken, shrimp) and then when it came to me I ordered dolsot bibimbap.Knowing what a sly Korean I am, they asked why I wasn't ordering all you can eat meat too.  I said don't you worry, I just like my bibimbap.  We each got a salad and pajun.  The pajun was pretty tasty but I still like my mom's with plenty of green onion.  The panchan was just ok.  I think I only remember 8 different types of it.    The drinks were a flowin and the grill was a cookin. Everyone said the meat was really tasty.  I only sampled the shrimp which was surprisingly flavorful and plump.  We got 3 refills on all 5 different types of meat we ordered.  I kept thinking "they aren't going to make any money off of us!" and "I'm sure glad I'm not going to get the meat sweats tonight!"  For dessert, there was free soft serve and it was the perfect end to our meal.  The moral of the story is that the meat here is plentiful and good.  It is very easy to overindulge resulting in the 'meat sweats.'  My boyfriend didn't sleep a wink that night and he couldn't eat anything the following day because of his meat sweats.  So you've been warned.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2009,6/14/2009,421,351,14,19,17>Wow what a great find, Another hidden gem nestled in the suburbs of Poway. This is a new location here in addition to there Solana Beach and Encinitas spots that are well established. The Food is top notch ! I went with the asparagus omelet, which consisted of Asparagus , spinach, tomatoes, onion and feta cheese topped with fresh slices of avocado. It was an amazing breakfast served with really good home fries and toast. I could not finish it all , so the portions are big. My little man went with the kids bacon and egg plate, he enjoyed the thick sliced bacon and fruit.My brother had the eggs Benedict and was very pleased , he said it was excellent. His little girl got the smiley face pancakes and enjoyed them as well, even the coffee was excellent. The service was nothing short of perfect and we were always asked if we wanted more coffee by more than one person. They let me try a Beach Grass Cooler , its a juice blend they serve as well it was really good. I will for sure come back here again when I want a good breakfast this place will be on the the top of my list now. My only regret was that I did not bring my camera....but I will be back soon : )
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,6/13/2009,722,527,24,22,25>milestone mayhem. 200th review!what better way than to honor the city's golden boys... the chargers.is it hard to be a fan here in san diego? yeah. it is. because unlike shit hole cities (no offense btw) cleveland, minnesota, kansas city, buffalo, jacksonville, cincinati, green bay, detroit, etc... we don't have that rich all encompassing football tradition history... instead, we have better weather, in turn better surf, in turn better chicks, in turn better things to do than to spend our sundays tailgating and cheering on the the bolts right?nope. have we won the superbowl, yet? no. but we've been there... thats more than some teams... defending AFC West champs time and time again... sure. we win in waves. the nfl is cyclical like that.do we need a new stadium? not really. more importantly to me, and i probably speak for the rest of the season ticket holders, just win... win it all. a new stadium means nothing compared to a lombardi trophy.in the end - people will remember our warriors - dan fouts, kellan winslow sr, lance allworth, charlie joiner, air coryell, and incumbents: Junior Seau, Ladanian Tomlinson, Antonio Gates, and Phillip Rivers... im proud to be a fan. season ticket holder. san diegan.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,6/12/2009,67,49,30,24,28>Let's make one thing clear: I don't do sharing.Inch your fork too close to my plate and you'll lose a finger. On the rare occasion that I offer a bite, it's either a) I don't like the food, b) there's just way too much for little ol' me to finish or c) it's so f'ing amazing that I have to share. Luckily for my bf, my reasons for sharing on a visit to Hash House were b) and c).It's pretty evident in the photos how ginormous the portions are, but don't think that the quality of food is compromised. The food is consistently fresh and delicious and is guaranteed to give you The Itis! A dish that never fails is the smoked chicken house scramble with sundried tomato pesto, spinach and goat cheese. It also comes with a heaping side of seasoned crispy potatoes and a delectable baseball-size biscuit. The entire entree probably weighs about 3 lbs. out the gate, but I always manage to put a good dent in it and still have leftovers to last for lunch, dinner and breakfast the next day!True, Hash House isn't an every weekend breakfast place. But if you're feeling particularly famished and have an hour or so to wait in line for some good eats, bring another hungry friend here to share in the goodness (if you're feeling generous).
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2009,6/11/2009,353,87,19,21,20>Cost Plus World Market is the place where your eccentric aunt probably comes to buy all of those strange pillows and chachkies that she has all over the house.  All those folks with the eclectic blend of various Eastern cultures decorating their houses; Indian tapestries, Chinese art, and a kitchen that looks like an Italian grandmothers nightmare; these are the folks that shop at Cost Plus.  I like to "OOooo" and "Awww" at a lot of the stuff here, but for the most part, art and furniture and furnishings are way too expensive to be bought here.  At the prices that they charge for things like shelves or couches or benches, you'd be better off going to a real (see nice) specialty furniture store and paying a little more.  There are lots of fun chachkies, and I love me chachkies, but for the most part all the prices are out of the impulse range which is key to hit when it is chachkies we are talking about.They have quite a selection of tinned and packaged foods from overseas, no doubt to attract those buyers that spent some time in another country while in college; while there eating that country's equivalent of Top Ramen;  and are now willing to pay a premium to have the same stuff back in the ol' you S of A.  They have a decent selection of wine as well, broken down by country... how regal.Cost Plus is probably a good store to go to if you live in the middle of Nowwheresville Idaho, and there is no real culture around you, but San Diego is a giant melting pot of cultures, so go out to Linda Vista or City Heights or somewhere else in San Diego where there are real ethnic shops and get your feet wet... and get a way better deal.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,11/4/2013,540,650,4,5,5>I'll start with the good stuff:-The food is delicious-Thoughtful meal presentation-European-sized portions-Pleasant attentive wait stuff-The location is okay if you know where to park-Well-priced menu and the right amount of food selectionThe not so good stuff:-Cheap decor (overall the ambiance is dull and unwelcoming)-Super uncomfortable metal chairsSan Diego lacks French restaurants. I am very glad we have this one. To the owners: Keep up the good work and update in the interior, or at least the chairs!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,11/3/2013,194,189,3,7,6>Great place! A larger tasting room than their Miramar location and they have a lot of new glasses for purchase as well as shirts. I thought the idea of actually walking over a walkway overseeing the beer vats was actually really awesome. It gives you an idea of how much work they put into making all the delicious beer. Also, HUGE plus that this location is open until 10pm, though I heard the Miramar location will start staying open later due to the fact that they've gone from a 3 barrel to a 30 barrel system. What a great upgrade. They also stuck with the idea of bringing food trucks around for the soft opening, which I love. They have the flight paddles which are cool, they bathrooms are upgraded, and they have a lot of small and long tables for people to sit at. All in all, this is a great upgrade and a great location.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,11/2/2013,169,399,3,6,4>San Diego has stepped it up and welcomed Fogo de Chao.  Now no more driving to Beverly Hills for dinner (well maybe we still have to go), but THANK YOU for coming to SD.  This location has not disappointed either.  Even though tonight was the "official" opening night, the staff was ON POINT!  I don't think any restaurant can match the service the Fogo offers.Food was amazing.  For those of you who are not familiar with this chain (have trouble calling it that) this is a Brazilian Steakhouse.  Which translates to a ridiculous amount of meat coming to you table side and being carved in front of you.  You choose if you want rare, medium or well done and they slice it up and serve you.  This continues until you say so.  Don't worry there is an endless salad bar, that is abundant in variety and there are the endless side dishes that are served with your meat.  They are normally polenta sticks, mashed potatoes, caramelized bananas and cheese bread.  These sides can be altered to your taste, so ask them what else is available, such as rice and beans.  If you really want a traditional condiment to your meat ask for the Farofa.  It is a dried yucca grated to look like Parmesan cheese and herbs.  It's delicious and a great accompaniment to the meat.Fogo is not only great food and ambiance, it is also a fun experience.  The staff checks on you throughout the entire meal and there are many of them.  If you want privacy, this isn't the place for you.  If you want incredible service and food, then you must come here.I'm not trying to make a dig, but they will BLOW the current competition away.  They have no idea what just hit them.If you want a private dining area for your party, let them know they can and will arrange it.  OMG, I can not believe they are here.Thank you Fogo family for choosing San Diego for your latest location.  We welcome you with open arms.**Sorry no photos this time, I was too damned excited and forgot all about it.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,10/31/2013,256,133,22,14,13>Yeah, I exercise a lot.  Yeah, I go to a nutritionist.  Yeah, I spend hundreds of dollars on supplements every year so I can go .1 mph faster on my bike.  But I'm human, damn it.  And I have needs.  And daddy* needs a f'ing chocolate chip cookie once in awhile. And Uncle Biff's obliges with the second best cookies in San Diego (Specialty's is #1).Flaky on the outside; moist, semi-sweet melted chocolate goodness on the inside!  You can't go wrong.  Daddy likes.I have been going here for so long, the guys have my cookies waiting for me before I finish parking my car.   The parking lot is a MESS if you go during lunch time...but when daddy needs a cookie, he'll do loops.  Oh yes.  He'll do loops.I'm glad Uncle Biff's is not closer to my house, or I would probably go too often.  Then daddy would be fatter...and lose that .1 mph boost he has worked so hard to obtain.  Uncle Biff's is like that "special" uncle I should not see without parental supervision.Love them.  From a distance.*weird, self-glossed "daddy" count at four in this review.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/30/2013,213,679,13,9,8>You don't have to be Korean.   New Zion, I love you.OK, OK, I'm a sucker.  I was a semi regular at the old location, and I had even gone to the new store about a month ago while they were still working on some of the ancillary stores off the food court.But then I came to the New Zion on the Sunday of "Grand Opening Weekend."It was kind of fun -- in a roller derby sort of way.  That thing your mom taught you about keeping your cart over to the side and parallel to the aisle?  Forget it! New Zion may have a zillion square feet, but it was jammed.  All supermarket etiquette was thrown overboard as people slammed carts into each other to get their hands on crates of fresh fruit at the lowest prices since the Carter Administration.The old Zion was the size of standard supermarket. The new Zion has the largest selection of fresh produce, meat and fish I have ever seen.  At lower prices than CostCo or your neighborhood supermarket, but you don't have to buy produce by the bushel. And fresh?  The turnover is so huge that this is almost as fresh as the farmers market.Biggest surprise?  The Korean lady  speaking pretty darn good Spanish to the guy at the meat counter.  She explained to him just what she wanted an how she wanted it.  Just like Mom said:  don't judge a book by the cover.Note to self:  don't ever go to the New Zion on a Sunday afternoon.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,10/29/2013,1194,640,5,9,9>Both times I went to The Cottage I was not in any way disappointed. In fact, I raved about it after the first time I went and I'm stuck thinking about how much I love it after the second. The only extreme downfall is the tremendously long wait to get a table. The upside? They have a plate of delicious coffee cake and coffee to tide you over while you people watch and stare nervously at the person shouting out names. The location itself is super adorable, and the outside patio is the place to be. I sat inside the first time, and it was still nice, but just not the same. If I'm going to drive to La Jolla, wait a long time, then I need to stick it out for the patio. Period. Onto the food. The food is delicious, seriously really good. Every person I've been with agrees, so it's not just me being crazy. The long line should also prove that. The first time I got the Tuscan Omelet. It was amazingly good. The second time I ordered the Black Forest Ham Omelet. It was also amazingly good...no surprises there. They serve super tasty scones/baked breads with their dishes with even better jam. I generally try to steer away from eating bread, but in this case I'll make an exception. They also have Tangerine Mimosas, which hit the spot. I would hope that the trick is getting here earlier to beat the rush, but I honestly doubt it. I'll try next time though!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,10/28/2013,3805,2172,8,18,11>Welcome! Welcome!I had the opportunity to stop by Frank's on the first day of business. The first thing that caught my eye when I walked in, was the great interior design. Although a small place, the open center with tables and boths lined along the sides, provides a more lopen and comfortable feeling. After chatting it up with Frank, the owner, and a couple of the friendly female employees, I decided on the small wedge salad for $5.00, and a slice of their Double Down which included two toppings, pepperoni and sausage for $3.25. I also added a slice of the day, the Staten Islander, which included Canadian Bacon, Pineapple, Jalapenos, and Red Onions for $3.50. (yelp.com/biz_photos/fran…)I started off with the wedge. The wedge was non traditional because it was chopped but effective. (yelp.com/biz_photos/fran…) All the ingredients of the salad were fresh and crispy. The blue cheese dressing was mild with good flavor. Although the fresh blue cheese chunks tasted great, I did think however, the salad needed more; including the bacon. (yelp.com/biz_photos/fran…) Overall, it was still a great and generous salad for only $5.00. Good stuff...The pizza, I learned from Frank, that their water mixture for the dough preparation is specially made in house. The crust of both slices had a nice crunchy exterior and a moist and slight chewy center. That combination was a great textural playground. The Double Down was a large slice and very good. It came with a moderate amount of pepperoni and sausage (yelp.com/biz_photos/fran…), and the sauce was slightly sweet and mild. The cheese was a thin coating and tasty, and I liked the way the pepperoni was crispy (yelp.com/biz_photos/fran…). The crust were thin, but more medium towards the ends, on both slices. (yelp.com/biz_photos/fran…) The slice of the day was also quite good. The Canadian bacon was flavorful, the pineapple sweet, jalapenos were not dangerous but tasty, and the red onion still had a a good al dente quality to them. This slice has more cheese than the previous one, so I have to admit, it was more enjoyable to eat. (yelp.com/biz_photos/fran…) I like cheese..Frank's makes some pretty good pizza for sure, but as Frank explain to me they are just opening, still training the crew, working out glitches, modifying their product to please their patrons and quality of food and delivery. In the near future, they plan to provide delivery and a catering service. Also, Frank hopes by September their license to sell beer and wine will be ready, where they will be ready to serve, right in time for the NFL football season! (yelp.com/biz_photos/fran…)I personally welcome Frank and his business to the neighborhood because there nothing wrong with another great New York Pizza Joint,  pared with some great Grinders and service.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,10/27/2013,1428,724,11,20,14>I'm cheating on meat. And I don't care who knows it.My love affair with Plumeria started months ago. At first it was a bit of an experiment. But it quickly turned serious. They even have Wi-Fi! So I can get work done while I get my Tom Ka soup on. Whaaat?The mock duck with spicy noodles, and the spicy pumpkin curry, and the eggplant with vegetables have been my favorites so far. But honestly, you cannot go wrong with anything you order here. They even have lots of gluten-free options, including GF soy sauce!Note: You can't order booze if you sit at the outside tables. I learned that the hard way. T_TService is always prompt and super friendly. And the prices are pretty affordable. I'm liking this place more and more each time I go.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,10/25/2013,363,200,19,23,18>OH MAN.More often than not, I leave a SD restaurant angry due to the fact that I just wasted hard earned $$$ AND precious calories on a vomit inducing meal, but that was certainly not the case at The Lion's Share. It's seldom I thoroughly enjoy a meal in SD, but when I do, you bet your bottom dollar I'm going to Yelp about it. Lucky you!!Dinner-Bruschetta ($6): This was MONEY! We were told this changes seasonally and hooray for us, the protein of choice was chorizo.. Oink. Exotic Sausage Board ($16): Consisted of pheasant, duck, and elk. A must order if you love a sausage party like we do.Wild Style Burger ($20): Steep price tag, but I LOVED every bite of it. What makes it wild? 1) Beef is grass fed 2) BOAAAR BACON 3) Fried farm egg. The burger comes with a basket of smoked cheddar, truffle fries.. Finger lickin' delicousness! I liked the fact that they weren't overly doused in truffle oil. Sometimes subtly goes a long way.Cocktails-Tried the Monks Gone Wild ($11) and Pepperdine ($11). I enjoyed both, but I'd give the slight edge to MGW.Service was FANTASTIC. I wish I got our server's name because the gal was on her A-Game from start to finish. I loved the fact that she was well-versed with the dinner menu AND cocktail menu. Obviously, I've come across one too many re-re servers out there.The restaurant/bar is on the small side, so I definitely recommend making reservations via OpenTable during prime dinner time. Interesting art pieces throughout the space. o_O The decor has a similar vibe and feel as Craft & Commerce and Noble Experiment... minus the pretentiousness. HA.The parking situation sucks in this part of downtown SD. HOWEVER, if you happen to be staying at the Embassy Suites, The Lion's Share is a hop, skip, and a jump away!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,10/24/2013,383,363,8,13,8>Alrighty! FInally a breakfast place I can get down with. I've mentioned in previous reviews, I'm quite picky when it comes to my breakfast food because let's face it, breakfast is the BEST meal of the day. Brunch? Yes please. Brinner? You know the way to my heart. I'd even eat breakfast for elevensies and fourthmeal if I could. I love breakfast, breakfasty, breakfast, breakfast (That's an homage to Anchorman for all you non-SD folk).Anyway I had just finished running the San Diego Blood Bank 5k down by Seaport Village and was ready to grub. My friends suggested the Mission and I'd already heard great things about it and was excited to finally try it. The food here is spot on! Absolutely delicious food and beautiful presentations. The portions are big and although you'll probably have to wait to find a table, it is worth it my friends (and no where near as long a wait as Snooze which I still haven't tried due to long wait times every time I've attempted to go thus far).I ordered a hammerhead, blueberry cornmeal pancakes (which come with 2 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon), and a side of rosemary potatoes. It was a glorious feast of breakfasty goodness. My soul and tummy were utterly satisfied. The hammerhead was a dark, bitter, delicious blend of expresso and freshly roasted coffee. The pancakes were perfectly cooked with a nice crust from the cornmeal and a well of melted butter greeting me in the middle. Eggs were over-easy just like I asked with the yolk bursting as soon as the ridges of my knife grazed the egg. The bacon was a cooked a little soft, I prefer mine a bit crispier but bacon is bacon - MMM. Last but not least the potatoes were so yummy, bursting with wonderful flavor and aroma from the rosemary with a wonderful texture from the crispy and slightly burnt pieces of potato. The Mission is sure to be a home run for any hardcore breakfast lovers like me out there. Did I mention I saw a few orders of french toast in transit to other tables and wow, I've got to try that next time!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,3/1/2012,242,154,32,16,15>I rolled my eyes so many times in the hours leading up to my first sip at Noble Experiment that I'm pretty sure I damaged my optic nerve. Picture me rolling my eyes when my friend got us reservations via "secret text". Picture me rolling my eyes at the Yelp review reminding me that they, like Craft and Commerce, "don't believe" in vodka.  Picture me rolling my eyes when we walked through that hidden keg door. Picture me rolling my eyes at the skull wall and the nearly unreadable font on the menu. Picture me rolling my eyes all those times and more, and you'll see that I was NOT looking forward to this little adventure last Wednesday night. But, with my first sip of whisky drink, I was sold. It's true - the handcrafted cocktails these mixologists (eye roll) create are pretty damn delicious. And once I stopped being a cynical little jerk, I was able to enjoy Noble Experiment for what it was: a cool, upscale spot for fancy drinks with good friends. I couldn't really tell you what our drinks were, as we went with the "dealer's choice" option... you pick the booze, and the bartender makes you a potent, interesting, and delicious cocktail that you've definitely never had before  and will probably never have anywhere else. While not a place I'd frequent ($12 drink prices are definitely only a "sometimes" in my book), I would definitely choose this spot to bring friends from out of town to look especially cool. "Oh, this? Yeah, it's pretty exclusive, but you know, I have my people." (eye roll) The decor was neat, the hostesses and servers as friendly and knowledgeable as can be, and the drinks spectacular. Noble Experiment is like the popular girl in school you want to hate but then she's REALLY nice, on top of being pretty and smart, that bitch. It is absolutely worth a visit, so go in with an open mind, be willing to try something new, and don't laugh when the cocktail server spritzes rose water into your drink with a little perfume bottle because she is totally not joking about that.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,2/29/2012,101,254,21,27,24>I originally said that the food was a 3.5 - 4. Based on two visits, I think the food is a 3 for me. I ordered the konnyaku noodles and vegetables and added the firm tofu. While I loved the noodles and the sauce, the tofu and the vegetables both fell short for me. The tofu was chewy and the vegetables were slightly overcooked for my preference. They were a little too tender - but not quite on their way to mush town.All the same, the perks (the service, the extensive vegetarian menu, the novelty of offering konnyaku noodles, and the free parking) bump the overall rating up to a 4 for me. Especially if I have a coupon again.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2011,2/28/2012,312,137,8,10,8>Okay...so eating here is...more about...the experience. The uber cheap and basic breakfast experience. $6 including the tip. Patience is a virtue my friend, and you will need plenty of it to make through breakfast at Lucky's. It's pretty much a one man show...he takes orders, refills coffee, cooks everything to order and busses all the dishes; and for whatever reason really wants you to have some strawberry jam...and sometimes a fortune cookie but usually two :)This place has a "charm" I can't really describe. Lucky's isn't for any of you hardcore, fancy brunch folks. It's straight diner food in a very no frills environment. In fact there isn't a single frill in the joint. There are always some interesting characters (and sometimes their dogs) hanging out. There may be an appearance by a friend/relative of Lucky's who freaks out on said dog owner at the top of her lungs, but hey, it's an experience, right? I'm a simple girl when it comes to breakfast...I'm basically just looking to fuel up for my day and its never an epic event for me like it is for some folks. I rarely get anything other than eggs, potatoes and possibly a side of bacon or ham. When I am feeling particularly adventurous, I may even have an omelet or throw caution to the wind and get *GASP* Eggs... Benedict! I don't think I would order anything else here besides a simple breakfast of eggs, potatoes and bacon. I do like that they have shredded hash browns and they're usually pretty good.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,2/27/2012,423,487,14,14,12>It's just another Manic Monday...Monday is the happening night here with its 80's music pumping all night long.  3 dollar cover before 11pm and 5 dollars after.  $1 wells too, double fistin ya'll!  HOWEVER, keep in mind there is a 20 dollar minimum for plastic.  Booo since I never carry cash, but lesson learned the first time. Not sure about other nights, but if you plan on checking out the Rail, I'd say come on a monday.  Doesn't matter if you are gay, straight, purple or like monkeys.Whenever my boy comes to town for a visit, we always seem to stop here.  He's gay and doesn't like the bears, which apparently the Rail has less of...so he says.I remember back in the day when his place was a dump and I wouldn't touch anything fearing I would catch a STD.   I preferred chilling outside on the patio with people and their cancer sticks than being smothered inside.  But now it's a lot better and I'm not scurred to say have my back touching the wall...I think.   Anyways, the bartenders are nice and some are even great eye candy.  The dance floor is fun and always entertaining.  The times I've gone,  it's been a good vibe of people and I always manage to have my ego stroked by some cute boy, even though we all know he's into my friend or the guy next to me.  We all win! ;-)
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2011,2/26/2012,280,181,14,16,14>Just realized - San Diego has a ton of burger joints!! (Although the name refers to itself as a pub.) My coworker raved about this place so of course we had to check it out for lunch. I'm a good Yelper and made sure to read some reviews and look at their online menu before heading out.Bergie's is in a random corner plaza next to a liquor/deli in Old Town. We arrived at about 12:30pm on a week day and the place was relatively empty. FOOD:- BERGIE SINGLE (they go up to double, and even triple!) with TATER TOTS! The menu indicated that all burgers were cooked to medium, but mine was more of a medium-rare in the middle, so I only ate about half of it. Good thing was that the meat was well seasoned and was nice and juicy. Ahhh and of course the tots. If you don't like tots, we can't be friends.- I sampled a SPICY CRISPY WING and was pleasantly surprised. The skin had a nice crunch to it, but everyone agreed that it was a bit too salty. - FRIES. The fries were sooo good!! They were perfectly crispy and not greasy at all.  The menu offers more variety than your typical burger joints - chili, mini corndogs, chicken nuggets/tenders, and some standard sandwiches. Their "Extra Topping" selections are quite interesting - who puts peanut butter or pastrami on a burger? But hey, I'm sure someone will create a masterpiece to call their own. I read a review about a cheese burger with a fried egg on top that I might have to try...
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,2/25/2012,431,494,6,12,9>This small store is full of everything you need to make an authentic African meal. It's also one of those rare places where you can find yellow plantains. That saves 2 weeks of my life waiting for them to change colors.I was lucky to get here before two ladies  snagged up the whole box of plantains. When you walk in check out the Jamaican beef pies that are on the right in a mini oven. It's easy to miss. They had Nido, Milo... and even that cereal I had as a kid. I tried this malted ginger soda that was really special. It was sweet and had little crystals of I don't know what... sugar maybe? I'll be returning to get more.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,2/24/2012,31,84,30,46,20>July 2, 2011: The Parade of Idiots! Trail of Horror!I have lost all faith in humanity after the ridiculous scene I saw at Three Sisters yesterday.  These were the biggest fucking morons I have ever seen.  The venus fly trap that is Three Sisters Waterfalls,sucked these assholes in on the way down with promises of good times, bikini clad 20 something dimwits, swimming and partying at paradise on earth, what really happened was a total desecration of low IQ douchebags that left a trail of trash, blood, sweat, tears, heat stricken, dry heaving, shallow breathing morons in its wake.  Do you go scuba diving without an oxygen tank?  Do you go to the arctic without a jacket?  Well, why the fuck these people decided to goto the desert mts in blazing 95 degree weather without hats, without clothing, without sunscreen, and without water is astonishing.  Have we humans become so pampered and we think we are so civilized that there is not an inclining of instinct left.  Is everyone running around poking grizzlies and jumping out of planes without a parachute now too? It was so shocking, that I will never be the same again after that hike.  Not one person I saw yesterday had the slightest respect for nature and not the slightest bit of understanding how nature will eat you alive and spit you out.  I saw person after person putting their lives and the lives of others in danger, including their children and dogs.  It truly was shocking!!  Me and my husband were the ONLY properly prepared people there yesterday.Let me break it down for you:I have been to Three Sisters many, many times, and its not for the faint of heart and it's not for assholes who think this is a party at the falls like it's Intervention Sundays at the Hard Rock.This is a serious hike, that needs to be taken seriously!!! This is not a cooler full of beer hiking!  This is, come unprepared, get picked up by ASTRIA or worse, u could die! Plus, we saw a baby Mt. Lion, this is their territory! Within minutes at the start of the hike, we start seeing totally out of shape people deliriously wheezing, with their flesh burning on their way up without ANY water. It looked like we were going to get jumped for our water. It was a bad omen!We get to the falls and it's a party down there, kids bleeding from sliding down the falls, radio's blasting, trash thrown about, it was very dissapointing to say the least. I have never seen so many people here before, I would say a total of 50 jerkoffs were hanging out or coming and going.  So me and my husband move to a private spot along the river to be left in peace.  As we are relaxing in our private spot, we see person after person walking by, not one person with a shirt on, burning up, not one person with water! No joke! The people who did have water had only a 12 ounce bottle!  One guy even yelled out to us, "hey, where's the party at mofo's"  Oh, and lets not forget about the guy who carried a whole camping chair down, but no water!  As dumb as it gets!After we cant take another minute of this ugly scene unfolding in front of us, we decide to start hiking back.  People were dropping like flies with heat stroke with there dumb ass friends all standing about with not an ounce of common sense. Me and my husband had to become quasi paramedics to numerous people and let Darwin take over from there.  I had to dump my water on a girl who was a party girl at the falls, but now close to going unconscious. I took the water from the river to cool myself off with and dumped it on her to get her temperature down, while all her friends are standing around like deer in headlights, when not one person thought to bring this girl back to the river to cool her nor had any water left to give her. Yeah, it was all fun and games on the way down and hanging by the pools, but now, she might die because your stupid.  We literally saw girls hiking down in Bikini's, no clothing at all and again, no water!  Are you kidding me!  We also saw a guy in flip flops, wtf?  I dont think I even need to mention how dumb that is. When we are about 1/2 mile for the car, which in that heat is still a ways to go, I see a grossly overweight kid vomiting with cuts all over him and his friend dry heaving.  Soon after that, we see another delirious person sitting under a tree dry heaving, at which point I felt I needed to give the rest of my electrolyte water to, due to the seriousness of how she looked.  She downed almost the whole bottle in seconds, gasping for air and just saying "oh god".  Please people, yes this is only a 4 1/2 mile hike, but please be responsible and dont trash it and treat it like some cheesy club you all should of gone to instead of ruining a beautiful day at this magnificent place. I absolutely love Three Sisters, but I will never go here again in the summer and I suggest any serious hikers who respect nature to do the same. Cheesy, trashy, douchebags are taking over! So Sad!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,2/23/2012,235,251,10,11,8>Don't you hate it when you order what's supposed to be enough food for 3 people, but it turns out to be enough food for 7? Yeah...me too! We ordered for 3 and almost had to use the table next to us to fit all of the plates!I hadn't been here in YEARS. In fact, it was another restaurant last time we ventured in. My "habibti" was on a return visit from Philly and suggested it. I don't know why I stayed away so long! This is the real deal, so be prepared...if you know someone who speaks Arabic and has a slight understanding of Iraqi culture, you may want to invite them along. The servers are polite, but will not typically check on you, nor will they bring you anything that you do not specifically ask for. Once you flag them down and order, be prepared to wait a little while. After all, good food takes time and they make everything fresh to order. Oh and get over the appearence of the place...it's not fancy, but it's clean!Highly reccomended: Jahjeek, Schwarma, and Beef Kabobs. Ask for bread and tea. Even with all of us acting like little piggies, we still had enough leftovers to warrant a "meat bag". Oh and like Italian food, it was even better the next day. Selfish me...I was so happy that my friends were staying at Town and Country Resort..the rooms have no refridgerators! Oh darn!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,2/22/2012,1179,432,7,12,7>This review update is for our Dog Training Session 2The training session lasted more than an hour, which is great..because it makes up for the 15 minutes not taken for Session 1.Our little Boba is now getting a little more comfortable with Josh Z.  He took us to the 2nd floor of the building to where they have a Living Room setting. To get to the Living Room setting you have to pass a section that consists of Doggie Rooms. It looked like each dog had their own room, very spacious. It was almost like a Doggie Hotel..but with clear doors.For the Living Room setting...well...it's pretty much set up like any typical living room. TV, sectional couch, rug, and a doggie bed. Air condition in that room is awesome btw, especially during this hot summer season.Anyways, we went over what Josh Z, our trainer, taught us during Session 1. He quizzed us and made us show our progress with Boba.  He also gave us more training tips to do for the next week before we meet with him again for our Session 3 training. He also answered my question of what will go on for our remaining dog training sessions.Josh Z is an awesome trainer, I would highly recommend him to friends and family with dogs. I dunno how much they pay him, but I hope they pay him well.Looking forward to all our future sessions with him!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,2/21/2012,690,277,11,15,10>Buddies Burgers opened up a few months ago near SDSU, it's in the same plaza as 4.0 Deli.I hesitated going here because driving by I only saw a sign that said "BUDDIES" because the "burgers" font is so small I thought it was another medicinal marijuana place or something! BUDdiesss get it... get it??!! Hahahaha... I know, I know, I'm a DORK like that. But honestly! The "burger" part of the sign is small when you're driving down Montezuma Road! I had the burger, fries and soda special for $5! Dannnggg that's cheap! I also recommend the grilled chicken. Some people are comparing this place to In-N-Out, Burger Lounge and other burger places but NONE of those restaurants are around SDSU! This is a great burger place in the area! This place is small, but it's clean! What are people talking about seeing roaches? I've never seen any roaches! The low ratings for this place is ridiculous, stop comparing it to other places that aren't in the area and ENJOY the burgers!
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,3/29/2010,132,153,16,21,21>This review is strictly for the body shop.Last Friday, some fool rear ended my car on Mira Mesa.  Apparently he did not realize my car was in his way.  So after yelling a few unladylike words, I reviewed the damage it was only minor scratches and scrapes along the bumper. *Sigh of relief*I know every one says it is just a car.  But it is my brand new car.  It is less then 6 months old.  So I wanted to get my baby fixed like brand new.   Since it was not my dime paying for the repairs I took it to Mossy Nissan. The dealership is better then most body shops because it will carry the same paint color.  There is nothing worst then a mix-matched bumper.  The service here was stellar. The manager Armando at Kearny Mesa was super helpful.  He contacted me with the progress of the repair and kept me in the loop over every detail.  During the service, his tech remove the entire bumper off to review if there was interior damage.  When the work was finalized.  Armando review the work and apparently the repair was not up to Armando's standard because the paint did not stick well in some area.  They buffed the area but it made it even worst. So they decided to repaint the entire bumper.  Armando apologized for the delay and even gave me a discount.  What awesome customer service!!!  My car is back to brand new.  Now I am driving "sexy back."
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,3/28/2010,255,397,15,20,19>This is a chain from Hawaii and a nice new option for coffee in the north county/PQ neighborhood (with a drive through- Yaye!)This business has been open for a about a month and the incentive for us to try it was a group of people who were complaining about the name.  I was surprised that anyone would object to the name or find it offensive since it clearly has a picture of an "ass" (AKA donkey) in the really fun logo.    Today we had a regular latte, a snickerlicious latte  and a toffee latte.My daughter said the snickerlicious was delicious and you could taste the hazelnut.   The hub thought the toffee was a bit sweet, but enjoyed it. My latte was perfect.  They have a really large variety of tasty options.   The decor looked like a fun Hawaiian theme from the car. (Did I mention how awesome it was to drive through :)Welcome to PQ Bad Ass Coffee!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2010,3/27/2010,422,124,14,14,16>Ok.... so I'm lagging on the reviews.  Time to change that... at least for the time being.Today I was roaming around campus on 4 hours of sleep looking like one of those zombies you see on films such as Zombieland, 28 Days Later, Carriers... yeah... you get the deal, I looked troubled. 4:05pm, test #1 was out of the way and test #2 was fast approaching.  RrrrRrrrohhhhHhh!!! I hear a little reminder from my good ol' belly telling me that I needed to eat.  With only 45 minutes before my 2nd test I had to find a place where I could find food that was both affordable, filling, fast and close by.  Driving down Mesa College Dr. I passed the big lit K's Sandwiches sign and thought, "haven't been here in awhile, guess my K's Sandwich hiatus will have to end right here, right now".  Just a little background on my hiatus... I started working at Sharp about a year ago and would constantly get sandwiches at K's because, A) it was CHEAP! I mean $2.75 for about a 12" sandwich is a steal! B) it was really close by and lastly, it was delicious!...  Well, that's what I thought until I ate it so often that I got sick of it.  So here I am, 5 or so months later ready to give it another shot.I ordered the #9 grilled pork sandwich, which has their own spread, grilled pork pieces, cilantro, pickled radishes and two slices of jalapenos, which if you're a spicy wuss like I am then you want to pick those suckers out.  All of which were on about a 12" french baguette.Here are few tips for you vietnamese sandwich newbies....Tip #1: The bread is a little on the hard side and tends to scrape the roof of your mouth if you're not careful.  Solution? Smoosh the sandwich down before you open the wrapper.  It flattens down the bread and softens it a bit.Tip #2: Take small bites.  If you followed my first tip then you're already one step ahead, but you're still at risk for adding a sprinkle of blood or two due to some scraping every now and then.  Plus those darn cilantro pieces need a little extra chomping since they aren't cut into small pieces.Tip #3:  Around lunch time and after school hours.... beware of those Kearny High Schoolers!  They're rowdy and obnoxious little boogers!Tip #4: Listen/watch out for your # kindly written on your receipt.  If you miss it the first time, you're in luck.  They have a little screen by the register that displays your #, and a little asian woman says it in both English and Vietnamese. Kinda exciting if you ask me!Tip #5:  If you don't finish your sandwich do NOT leave the rest in your car, purse, lunchbox, ect..!  That pickled radish can do some damage. Especially on a hot day!  I guess if you really wanted to piss someone off you could leave your leftovers hidden in someone's car on a hot day.  They'll be in for a surprise when they return to their car :-PSo now that I've gotten those out of the way, I guess the only thing left to do is decide on a verdict.  Continue my hiatus? Or continue coming back?Sad to say, I'll continue on with my break from this place.  Don't get me wrong, the sandwich was great, but was a little too much too soon for me.  Baby steps... Till next time my friends!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2010,3/26/2010,910,555,19,27,23>I am now the 801st reviewer for Hodad's..but my review will probably differ from 750 of those reviews, if not more =/I'm the type of person who truly believes in the power of hype.  And 800 reviews with 4 solid stars..is quite a lot of hype.  To add to that, Guy Fieri, my trusty DDD connoisseur heightened my expectations even more!So it's easy to see why the boyfriend and I have been eager to try Hodad's, especially since we're in the area quite often!  Once I finally tried it, I wasn't too impressed.  -Single Bacon Cheeseburger ($6.25): fresh ingredients (crispy lettuce and tomato), amazing bacon, average pickles, bun and patty.  My boyfriend and I can make this at home..-Onion Rings ($6.25):  I've had better.  They weren't bad, in fact they were really crispy..almost too crispy.  And for $6.25, they pile that baby on like there was nowhere else for the onion rings to go!  The ranch was good, too.  But just good.-French Fries ($5.50): were potato wedges and I've also had better.  Don't be offended but I like KFC's more.-Chocolate Malt ($5.50): is pretty good but nothing amazing.Everything was just average to me, even the service.  Their workers look really chill, like they'd be cool people to hang out with.  But the service was, again, just average.  The only thing that would make Hodad's stand out from the rest is their decor.  "Under" a gazillion sold and "open for 24 hours. just not in a row" is pretty humorous.  The surfboards and license plates provide another form of entertainment as well.  I'll probably be back just so the boyfriend can try it but I won't be entirely ecstatic about it.  Actually, we'll see how I feel tomorrow.  Because the other half of my burger is sitting in a paperbag on my desk right next to me and I can smell it.  It's making me want to vomit because I'm so full!  So maybe it's just my overfilled tummy talking but as of now, I give Hodad's 3 stars.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2009,3/25/2010,280,432,34,30,29>"God bless the child that's got his own, that's got his own."Me: Have you ever been to Sister Pee Wee's?She: No, where's it at?Me: on ImperialShe: Really?  Cause I don't go down there.He: I've never been.  Have you tried Magnolia's?  They're pretty good.Other She: Let's just go.Fellow Yelpers have raved about this place and I figured why not go with a multi-ethnic group (black, brown, white, & yellow).  We decided to meet there at 5, and me and the partner got there a few minutes before.  Pee Wee was sitting behind the counter and would almost appear to be waiting for us.  We told her we were expecting more, and she said "That's okay, I ain't in a hurry...I have ribs, turkey wings, and fish.  Would you like water or punch?"  I felt like I was in my grandma's kitchen.  The others showed up late.  And the funny thing was the man who stopped when Yolie got out of her car.  He strained his neck to get a good look.  And when she and Robbie came in, they turned into two little 12-year-olds, saying, "Yes M'am and Thank you M'am."  "T'aint  nobody's bizness , if I do."The food was so delicious!  She cooks to order.  I had the ribs which were very tender with a bar-b-q sauce that had a little spicy kick to it.  It came with collard greens, rice with gravy, a big bowl of black eye peas, and corn bread.  I was stuffed.  She also had catfish, but only enough for three full orders.  "When it's done, I'm done."  Dave was the last to arrive and he got a wing, rice, peas, and the last three pieces of corn bread.  His wife, who arrived earlier, shared her greens with him.  Pee Wee told her she had one piece of fish left, but was going to add some ribs."I've been doing this for 44 years.  Raised seven children, and have adopted two.  I get here about 11 after I get my babies to school."Pee Wee has such a rich history with the neighborhood.  She was so much fun and interesting to talk to.  I have to come back to have the smothered chicken which sold out earlier in the day.  This place is the shizznet!  The neighborhood might be a little sketchy to some, so go early or on the weekend for lunch."At last, my love has come alongMy lonely days are overAnd life is like a song"Yes, I walked out full and singing like a big black woman!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,3/24/2010,645,258,25,47,34>Props to Pattie C for telling me about this classy place. Agree on everything from the caring greeting to not feeling pressure to purchase anything I didn't want. Shaving can be a pain! especially in this heat . I tend to wear strapless dresses/tops and tanks and the last thing I want to worry about is an underarm stray glistening in the sunlight. The price was reasonable $89 per treatment and not one is poking out. Something to notice is their website.  I went to their website to check out procedures and prices. Notice how easy it is to access. Gets right to the point, lists procedures as well as information. Lists all products and the best part is the consultation phone number. No beating around the bush, right to the point. Clear cut prices on laser and set prices over the phone.One thing I look for when researching reviews is real photos used to verify a person's identity (whether 5-stars or 1). After hearing stories ranging from competitive coffee shops to deli's one can only imagine who is behind these faces with question marks. I mean really.. some of these reviewers could be your 15-year old siblings best friend and who would know? Photos are always a safe bet. Also, add a few friends along with several reviews and WaaLaa..what do you have? A reputable Yelp review. It looks as if they are also running a special listed on their Yelp page. Well...why are you just sitting there? Now is the time to check it out for yourself, and remember "No question marks inside your head when it comes time for a review" and please don't tell me you don't want anyone to know your identity.  Trust me, we've heard every story under the sun...and then some.Side note * I spoke with two RN's. Both were great.  I don't want to be biased because everyone I met seemed extremely kind and professional.  Pattie saw a different RN so I believe you will have a safe bet no matter who you get.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,3/22/2010,164,134,16,19,14>I actually just signed up yesterday after being referred by a friend. the monthly price is going to be more expensive than what you'd find at a 24 hour fitness or commerical fitness club, but that is expected. The prices however ARE comparable to other specialized boxing gyms in san diego. It is month to month with no contract. They also offer a year package, where you pay upfront, if you plan on being committed. You'll save a lot of money this way, and well worth your money if you go regularly. I work an odd shift, but their classes accommodate by offering early morning classes, as well as classes as late as 8 pm. Saturday has some morning and early afternoon classes, and sunday is open gym. Now, my experience with anything remotely similar to boxing is karate when i was 8 years old, so needless to say, I was a little nervous walking in. I attended the muay thai class at 6 am this morning, the instructor was Niko (sp?) and he immediately showed me how to wrap my hands, and partnered me up with a student who gave me a quick overview of some basic moves. There was no time to feel awkward. I absolutely loved the class, and the members who attended. Instructors and students alike were very friendly, patient and helpful for a newbie like me. Their catch slogan on the back of their schedule is "Welcome to your new addiction", and they're not kidding! If I'm not dying from soreness, I am going to try and make it as often as possible! I wanted to give everyone hugs at the end, but I felt that was inappropriate since this is a HARDCORE fighter's gym. hahaha. boxer's need hugs too?I can't wait to go to another class. I haven't felt this way about fitness, since, um, never.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,3/21/2010,312,137,13,11,10>Hane...Hane...HANE...did you HAVE to completely blow my mind with your inventive and delicious rolls? I thought I knew something about good sushi in this town...but apparently....not.Spicy Tuna topped with Wasabi flavored fish eggs on Fried Eggplant appetizer...really Hane...are you effin kidding me?Sea weed salad with three different types of seaweed, none of which was an unnatural shade of neon green...who knew?Double Double Tuna roll...w.t.f.?SEARED KOBE BEEF ON THE OUTSIDE WITH SPICY TUNA INSIDE??? Oh...it happened folks AND it was amazing! Thank god for the cold, unfiltered sake bringing me back down to earth...that and the owner/manager diligently and constantly scanning tables and observing his waitstaff. THAT was a little creepy but apparently that's what it takes to ensure excellent and friendly service without a visible whip.Sushi enlightenment can be yours too young grasshopper! So hop to it (pun delightfully intended!).
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,3/20/2010,193,122,23,26,20>Wow...what can I say, that hasn't already been said about this fine establishment?!  After boozin' it up at Riviera, we wisely decided to visit The Tubs.   "Jerry", the dude working that night, was very professional and polite. They have a $5 off coupon on their website.  You can't park in the lot next door, but you can park in the "Loading Zone" out front, after dark, so says Jerry.The entire place is very "uniquely" decorated.  Very hard to describe.  I took some pics, but they turned out crappy, as I was in a hurry.We got the Mushroom Forest room.  It included a shower (with a "hospital strength" soap dispenser), steam room, jacuzzi, "bed", and stereo.The place was clean.  I felt like I was in the 70s.  Can you dig it?
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2010,3/19/2010,352,132,14,13,15>Disclaimer: I hate clubs.Although most of the elements I hate about these establishments still hold true to this venue, it seems a touch more tolerable than some of the others I've visited. For a club the drink prices aren't awful and they actually have more than just Bud Light to serve up to us beer lovers.The concept of having several rooms themed differently was refreshing and broke up the mundane THUMP THUMP THUMP hormone-induced hump fest into contrasting scenes containing pretty much the same thing just to a different beat. As usual I stood in awe of the sheer douchebagness of many of it's patrons as well as the staff. That's just me though.If clubs are your favorite then ending up at On Broadway isn't the worst thing in the world. While there may be far classier establishments around, there certainly are far trashier ones that cost way more.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2008,9/7/2008,189,160,17,15,15>We slayed that happy hourMurdered itKilled itSpanked itMade it call us MamaYou get the point...I chose this for a small birthday happy hour get together and it was the perfect choiceI scored rockstar parking, picked up some gorgerous flowers for my friend in the parking lot, and our bartender was very nice (despite being over worked because a server called in sick).The winelist was fantastic at $5.00 glass for top notch wines and the food...OMG the foodWe had 8 dishes or so between the 3 of us and every one was stellarYou can select which cheeses you want on your cheeseplate (out of many) and don't forget to order the Humboldt Fog - Lawd that was tasty!We also chowed down on bacon wrapped cheese stuffed dates, olives, a carmelized onion tart which had a great smoky taste, some salad, and I don't even remember what else but it was outrageous.I think I ate like 3 pounds of food but left there feeling great and so did my wallet.I loved loved loved it.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,9/6/2008,143,114,24,19,23>Devil:  NO!  Don't do it!!!  They don't deserve it!!!  Angel:  Don't listen to him, Roxanna.  This is a great place that deserves recognition.  Go ahead and review it on Yelp.  Devil:  You Stupid!  You're going to give away one of your favorite breakfast spots to any filthy Yelper who reads your review?  The parking is abundant, there is no wait even if you show up at 9:00 a.m. on Saturday morning!  You are an idiot to give that up!!  You Idiot!!!Angel:  Don't be so selfish.  Devil:  Shut the f*ck up!!!  Roxanna, listen to me.  Nobody knows about this place.  Do it for the pancakes...those awesome berry and granola pancakes.  Or - or, do it for the eggs benedict!!  You know, the ones they do perfectly every time!!  Think about those thick pieces of smokey Canadian bacon, the perfectly poached eggs with the runny middle.  Or how about that fluffy smoked salmon omelet with cream cheese and fresh chives??  Come on!!!  What the hell is wrong with you??  Nobody has to know.  You can keep this little place all to yourself.  The cushy, comfy booths, the courteous and professional service, the quiet this-is-how-I-would-do-up-breakfast-every-morning-­if-I-had-a-house-on-the-golf-course feel!!  All at the same prices of all the other popular breakfast/brunch hot spots in town.  I can't BELIEVE you would consider giving this place away!!!  Angel:   Tsk, tsk.  Watch your language...  Devil:  And the Blooooody Mary's...*sob*  You know how I love my Bloody Mary's!!  I swear there will be a very unfortunate incident with your closet full of shoes if you do it!!  IDIOT!!!  I HATE YOU!!  It's mine!!  MINE, MINE, MINE, MINE MINE!!!Angel:   0:-)So there you go.  I've sacrificed my shoe collection.  You're welcome.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2008,9/5/2008,646,679,19,18,16>The awesomest fakest park ever!If you grew up in San Diego, you'll know the history behind the park. It used to be called City Park, but was renamed early last century after a city-wide renaming contest for Vasco Nunez de Balboa, who was one of the early explorers of the Pacific Ocean. The architecture is "Spanish-influenced," but the reality of it is that the buildings were built during the first World's Fair when San Diego attempted to become a major port town--along with Los Angeles and San Francisco. LA won by building their own man-made harbor, and the architecture stayed. The architecture style is quite fake, which makes it very unique. It was designed by a New York City firm in the early 1900s, and we get what is now the amalgam of buildings housing different museums and restaurants today.This is the kind of stuff you learn there when you visit Balboa Park. It's home to so much rich cultural history and awesome events like the Earth Day festival. Also, pandas live there."I killed the thing I love most..""You killed a hooker?""No, I killed a panda!""Amanda, you know that's probably not her real name!""No A PANDA!"
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,9/4/2008,65,81,11,19,15>So, because I don't want any first time customers to walk  in looking like newbies, let's break down the basics. First and foremost, walk in with a empty stomach and prepare to be faced wth gigantic walls of goodies. Grab one of the metal trays on the left and a tong. I tend to be drawn toward the tong with the green handles, but that is just me. These two tools are essential, as it is unsanitary to grab the food with your bare hands! Next, you must pick up at least one piece of pan dulce (it's the traditional Mexican sweet bread..looks kind of like a turtle shell). You can find the small sizes along the wall facing the window, and the giant meant-to-be-shared-with-others size along the right side of the wall facing west (the west wall). This west wall is where all the hidden treasures are. Second shelf from the right, second ledge down, is the home of the little piggy shaped treat. Light in texture but full of flavor, this is definitely a must! Whenever I bring these to share with my coworkers from work, this is the first to dissapear. One little piggy is never enough...Along one of the last walls, on one of the lower ledges, is a doughy looking piece of cake, brown in color, with a crumbly topping. Grab one of these as well. So good, it's like portable bread pudding.After you have picked up those three treats, feel free to go to town in this store! Everything I have tried has been great. And don't be afraid to splurge on some of their Mexican hot chocolate.Yum-o.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,9/2/2008,413,479,18,20,19>Sausage King, the King of Sausages.A well deserved name.While Bud claims the KING OF BEERS, this place really is awesome (Bud is not).Specializing in German sausage, the knockwurst and bratwurst are truly astonishing in quality.The place is sooooo inexpensive too!They also have various german goodies (chocolates, cookies, etc).They are kinda German too ... so expect a sorta gruff 'tough-love', and bring the proper change.  they do not like to make change.Ever.Sausage King, more than just a clever name ... the KING of sausage.;-)
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,8/31/2008,229,111,8,14,14>Serious 5 stars for Aqui es Texcoco, on Broadway in Chula Vista. It is located in a stripmall, so you may not notice if if you're just driving down the street. But LOOK for it... it rocks.When you get there you'll find a small but impeccably clean restaurant with a large kitchen in the back. Once you find a table, you can peruse the menu. I really liked the menu (one side in english, one side in espanish) because it was simple. It made it easy for me to decide what to order.Based on my visit, I recommend the rolled tacos: both potato and meat. They are long and skinny, generous with the filling, and not too heavy on the tortilla.Aqui es Texcoco (isn't that fun to say?) also had a lovely array of sauces. And lest my review makes it sound like this place only serves rolled tacos, they have an interesting variety of menu items... most made with lamb.I'd also like to note the friendly, competent, and accommodating staff. It all adds up to 5 stars.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,8/29/2008,666,662,20,40,30>For my 400th review, I thought I'd write about one of the greatest places in this entire city. I've been lucky to have taught at this place for the past two years, and I'm going to miss it so much as I move to Illinois this summer.Francis Parker School is an amazing, amazing college prep school, one of the best in the country, and the top in the county (yeah, yeah, you're also important, Bishop's, Pacific Ridge, and La Jolla Country Day, but this is Parker's moment).Francis Parker is a great school, focused on meeting the needs--emotional, educational, social, and more--of its students, who are its primary concern.  I was thrilled to be offered a job at a school that took learning and growth so seriously for its students, and more than a little intimidated at the skills of my coworkers.  But I soon learned that Parker really cares about its students individually.  Yes, it's a college prep school (and it costs quite a pretty penny), but it's about finding the right college for your student.  It's not just getting into an Ivy League school.  Parker recognizes that students are different, and encourages its students to pick the *right* school for them.  That blew me away, and comforted me as a new teacher.The student body is terrific, the classrooms are brand new and state of the art, the faculty is exceptional (and are clearly very attractive, not biased!), and the entire places is dedicated to creating a small communty, a family of people working together to improve the knowledge and skills and connections here in San Diego.I've had so many amazing memories here, from crazy lectures that ended in hands-on invasions of fellow classes to understand fascism to crazy sing-alongs to student pranks.  I'm lucky to have been a part of a school that very much cares how its students grow, and not just in terms of prestige.And those kids are pretty lucky too. :)
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,8/28/2008,293,202,29,35,34>Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittensBright copper kettles and warm woolen mittensBrown paper packages tied up with stringsThese are a few of my favorite thingsThis song kept playing in my head when I was here for afternoon tea ( for $22.95 and remember to make a reservation ).  I came here with a girlfriend for my b-day present as a change of pace from boozing it up at the local bar.  I truly felt like a little girl sipping tea in my imaginery dollhouse.The first thing I tried was the rose lemon flavored water.  It was like crack.  I couldn't get enough of it!  And I hate drinking water!  How could this be?  I realized this experience was only going to get better.  We sampled the White Ambrosia, Mutan White, and Bangkok teas.  I never knew tea could taste so deep and flavorful.  I was shocked that my taste buds could dance so much.  I needed more.  Good thing we had two pots of tea and over two hours to sip and snack.The food was so cute and tiny, yet filling and flavorful.  It was just perfect.  Everything here was just so cute and perfect....gah what was wrong with me?  I felt like a pretty pony and wanted to spin and put ribbons in my hair! Before this review gets too sickly sweet I will end with this final statement.Tea Upon Chatsworth is that perfect place for that special occassion.   Now.....anyone up for afternoon tea?
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,8/27/2008,153,40,12,11,15>"Can I PLEASE get a paper napkin....I'm drooling!" Bite makes my mouth watah, and not just cuz the food is off the chain (c'mon peeps, it's Chris Walsh we're talkin' about - he's simply one of THE best chefs in town.) If Hottie McHotness Justin, the server extraordinaire, doesn't tingle parts of your anatomy, I garah-fricken-tee the cool uber-mod decor, loungy vibe and Walsh's signature small-plate creations sure will.  And, 'Big Up' to the genius who challenged the beer-guzzlin' norm and created this haven's Champagne Happy Hour - bubbly & bites couldn't be a more perfect match. A seriously blistful two hours (5-7PM) of inexpensive sophistication. All it's missing is hooters & wings...NOT!Service is always on point, personable and attentive without being overly aggressive. Everything on the menu is fresh, authentic and super tasty. bring a friend or two.....get creative......order several.....mix 'em up......pair & share..... have some cocktails & you'll be here a while - it's that good. Parking is what it is in Hillcrest, so rub the dashboard and hope for good karma on University - don't chance the Blockbuster lot cuz they'll tow your ass with a quickness.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2008,8/26/2008,150,83,13,11,10>I didn't know what Grab & Go was when I moved here. I thought it was slang West Coast term for any sandwich shop, not the name of the place. Now, I know about the Grab & Go Subs, since they are all over the freakin' place.I Just ate my 2nd Grab & Go Sub, EVER, from the 600 W. Broadway location - which is conveniently  placed a handful of floors down from my cubicle. Woohoo!I ordered the vegetarian again (since, i am) and was satisfied, again. I figured out the reason I like this Grab & Go Sub. They taste like hoagies that high school marching bands sell door to door. OK, I am not sure if that was a regional reference, but marching bands sold hoagies to raise money in the same way that girl scouts sell cookies.  Anyway, you'll just have to use your imagination for a moment. Back to the Vegetarian Sub. Said Submarine contains provolone cheese, shredded lettuce (the almost fake plasticy kind), White Onions, Avocado, Pepperoncinis, Oil & Vinegar (the basic old school kind). All of that piled into a fresh baked white sub rolls. It's a cold sub and it is squishy and a tad crunchy from the veggies. It is slightly messy to eat and the raw white onions will give you bad breath to conveniently  ward off co-workers.To summarize Grab & Go Subs serves Marching Band Hoagies with a focus on convenience. While not the best thing around, it does the trick. Burrrrp!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,7/23/2012,74,74,37,36,36>A PLEASANT SURPRISE.Possibly one of the BEST tasting burgers I have ever eaten, their jalapeno burger.Thick,juicy, half pound of meat, grilled onions, crispy bacon,pepperjack cheese, grilled jalapenos,and their special jalapeno sauce.  After the first bite, a big bite, I had one of those rare "foodgasms". HARD to explain.My partner in crime,Kim, had their chicken sandwich, appropriately named,seriously good chicken sandwich.  Served on a french roll,chopped chicken with grilled onions,She could only finish half, guess who ate the other half, lol.We stopped here on a happy hour Friday,and the place started to get busy before sunset.Excellent service.  The staff greeted each customer as they walk in,and and also when they left.  Our orders arrived within ten minutes. And our drinks were never left empty..I also felt at ease inside.  The noise level was to be expected, but when we were enjoying the food, I did not really care.  In fact, I FORGOT I WAS IN LAKESIDE,HA!I think the cops routinely patrol the area because I noticed the black and white cars just cruising around, while I talked to an old friend who was smoking outside.Would I come back?  Definitely,YES.'
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,7/21/2012,176,536,22,19,17>i've never tried pilates on a reformer before so decided to give this a shot.When i left it was confusing as to what just happened, did i just leave a Pilates class or an S&M club?  Lets review what happened..- I got on this machine- Strapped myself in- A lady wearing tight fitting clothes shouted commands at me- I obeyed willingly- Got my butt whooped- It hurt but i liked it- I want to pay to come back!Seriously though its a really great workout, my abs hurt all over, even between the ribs.  For my first time on a Reformer they had me crying for my mommy after just a few minutes into it.  Every time I couldn't take any more and wanted to stop, she said, "20 more!"  In my head im screaming "WHAT!"  i rest and look around, all the other ladies are still going!  Damn it.. i push out a few more reps..  That in itself was motivation enough to keep me from resting as often as I'd like, but the up beat music and encouragement from the instructors pushed me past my limits.  Its a ball buster for sure!  Not only is it a physical workout but an exercise in mental toughness and will.First time?  You gotta go to the basic class on Saturdays.  They break it down for you, tell you what tension springs to use for each exercise, what to do, ect.  its a bit slower pace.  After the first time your abs be singing, "BodyRok is in the house tonight!" and after a few classes that keg might turn into a 6 pack.Tip: There is a parking lot in the back, drive into the alley behind the building and look for the sign that says "La Boheme retail parking" it has direct access to the back of the studio, follow the signs that say "move" painted on the wall (it may change since its now called BodyRok)
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,7/20/2012,859,450,11,11,11>I bought a Groupon ($49 for $150 worth of services).I actually waited until the last day it was valid...I forgot! But the girl who scheduled me was really nice and patient while I booked everything.I got a full body massage by Vanessa T. (Yup, we have same name and initial for our last names hehe).It was my first time getting a full body massage so I was nervous about getting completely naked and getting under the blankets! At one point, she knocked to see if I was ready to start...I didn't hear her and I am pretty sure she saw my boob. Oops![In reality, there's not much to see in that department, but whatevs]She was really nice and I felt totally comfortable about it once we started.The massage was really great and I would love to go back. She was firm but soothing since I always had a vision of getting a rough full body massage from a sturdy Russian woman named Olga. Thankfully, Vanessa was a nice medium.As for the mani/pedi I got....it was awesome too! All the aestheticians were super nice, friendly and easy to talk to. It was also cool to get to sit in the massage chairs while I got the pedi.I definitely recommend this place. I was very pleased with my overall experience.Another cool thing was being able to sip on a mimosa while I was there.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,7/18/2012,224,131,6,6,7>Eatin' good in the neighborhood...  Starving.  I was on the hunt for good grub within walking distance and stumbled upon this cozy hole in the wall.  Checked it out on Yelp.  "Ok, sounds promising."  I'm really not a fan of pork but I find bacon kinda irresistible!  So when the gentleman at the front recommended his favorite; the BLT w/aioli sauce, I was all over that!  I'm a sucker for anything with aioli sauce!  Around the back they have very cool seating arrangements.  The BLT was large and fresh and my fries were hot and seasoned!  I was a very happy lady!  I'll be back to try more items on the menu and I hate to say it, but this place might make me think twice about my pigjudice ways.  Get it?!  Eeeeh?  Eeeeeeeeeh??   (-_-;)
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,7/17/2012,1179,432,14,8,7>I just moved into a house with berber carpet and the previous tenants obviously had a cats & dogs. The owners cleaned the carpet themselves, but the smell was still there...it was freakin' HORRIBLE!  Did my research on berber carpet and called around for the best carpet cleaners explaining the stinky situation.  Got a few quotes, had some guys come and look at the carpet.  Justin was honest over the phone and gave me a price quote that was REALLY reasonable, scheduled my appointment and Ludo came and did a AWESOME job!Ludo did a quick walk thru first before he started cleaning, told me the ups & downs of the horrendous berber carpet that was tainted with pet jizz.  While he was done cleaning the carpet you can immediately see and smell the difference already. Before he left he even asked which parts of the house had the worst pet odors and he went back and did a quick spray of something....liquid awesome i'm guessing?These people are extremely professional and would highly recommend to anyone! THANKS YOU GUYS!!! I can now breathe in my humble abode...and probably frolic like an idiot on my super clean carpet now. The carpet was so clean one of our dogs dry humped the carpet. just kidding..that was too much.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,7/15/2012,383,363,8,14,12>Got a chance to actually eat at the establishment today as it was literally a 5 minute walk from the garden. It's actually right across from U-31 which I have yet to step foot in. WOW let me just start by saying the mashed potato pizza was INCREDIBLE! It was a white pizza topped with creamy mashed potato and salty prosciutto - the perfect compliment to their equally tasty beer. I mean it, salty cheesy herby goodness (they serve you some seasonings like crushed red pepper flake and oregano in little metal bowls on the side)I had the Allagash White which tasted a bit floral but went down super easy and I forgot what the other beer was called, wreck something, but it tasted like coffee. I'm not typically a fan of dark beer but beer and coffee, two of my favorite things, why not?!? Both were solid and good choices to celebrate the eve of my last day of student teaching ever! I also loved the interior. We sat at the bar on their super padded stools. (they even had a lovestool for two which I thought was a bit unorthodox, but cool). Although a little inattentive, I liked our server for the most part. The inside was spacious with ample seating, big screen tvs, and overall URBN just has really awesome pizza and beer. Two thumbs way up! :)
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2011,7/14/2012,282,84,11,7,7>Pho Point Loma and Grill, best pho in 'non-Asian Town'!But don't let the name fool you, it may not sound as authentic as say,- Pho Ca Dao- Pho Hoa Hiep- Phuong Trang- Pho Thanh- Pho ______ Yelp another perceived viet-name (like I did)But I'd put these guys up against ^^^^ the top mo-phos (seewhatididthere) anyday!  Yeah I, Dave M (also non-authentic non-viet) said it!! Besides (#1), there is no correlation with 'delicious' and 'authentic asian word restaurant' apparently... Case in point #1:- Nha Hang Quoc Te (2.5 stars)  yelp.com/biz/nha-hang-qu…Besides (#2), the name may just be a clever marketing strategy in "non-Asian Town"... Case in point #2:- Me: "You wanna go have some Pho for lunch?"Texan coworker: "What in the Sam Hell is Pho?"- Me: "nothing, but this says they got a Grill though"Texan coworker: "oh yessir let's go!"Seewhatimean. I always go for the gusto #1 - Dac Biet... y'know, aka the phattie's pho.  It's big,  maybe not gimmickly gigantuous(?) as yelp.com/biz_photos/qIDt… but depending on your moral compass, you may still avoid from sinning... indulge, you're good yelp.com/biz_photos/JB06… ^check that tasty broth overflowing, never mind the heapings of hoison and sriracha (but that's how I do it)... and it's a meatful too, the pho joint whence noodles run out before the meat!*My new Asian spot w/a non-Asian name in non-Asian town.  #being-authentic
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/13/2012,162,93,5,14,10>Big soccer fan here, especially when World Cup games (even just qualifiers!)  start rearing up, so I can't  believe that Friday was the first time I've been to Shakespeare's! I was looking for somewhere chill to watch Mexico vs. Guyana with a few buddies, and I didn't see it on the Shakespeare's schedule online so I emailed the manager, Dave Pressly to see if they might show it.. He wrote me back right away, we exchanged a few emails, and after he found out which channel it'd be on, he was AWESOME about making sure they'd play Mexico on one of the screens, even though USA was playing for some of the same time. A+ for the management here! It was somewhat of a slow afternoon but I enjoyed the relaxed atmosphere and it meant that we were able to sit, sip on beers & nosh on brats while we watched both games, and it was happy hour (yayerrr!) ... overall great place to come watch soccer or just have a beer, and I'll definitely be back! Service was very friendly as well. PS-I love the way their website is up-kept so you know what matches they're showing and when.PSS-  I just saw that they have Vegetarian Shepherd's Pie on the menu. Whaaat? Must try this soon!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,7/12/2012,174,67,20,12,5>After being a member of LA fitness for over four years this gym has won me over. Pros:CleanSpaciousA lot of cardio equipment (You can charge/sync your Ipod on the treadmill)Good strength training equipmentGreat section for core workouts and interval trainingCircuit training roomNever have to wait to use the equipmentI have the membership that allows me to bring a friend anytime I wantThe staff is really friendlyTanning and hydro massage (trying to get like Snooki.. just kidding.. sorta.)No ladies trying to sell me camouflage gym tights in the locker room (this has happened on more than one occasion)Cons:No pool (The senior citizens usually hog it anyway)No Sauna (The senior citizens usually lay in here spread eagle..(-_-)No cycling classNo punching bags (Can't practice my Rex Kwon Do)Those are just some minor things that I could live without.  You really do get your bang for the buck at this gym.  It does get busy when people get off work in the evening but that's expected at every gym. My only gripe about the location is that it is right in the middle of all the good comfort food. You leave here after having a really good workout feeling all sexy and tight, then you walk out and suddenly you're surrounded by nothing but Taco Shops and Asian food.  (talk about demographics....lol) What a f*%#'n sabotage!!!! They could at least put a Fruteria or a Robeks in that strip mall or something, na'am sayin?????
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,7/11/2012,853,525,17,14,14>What? No way. You're giving more than 2-stars for THIS place?! But what about this and that...yadda yadda yadda. Blah blah authentic blah blah mi abuela blah blah tourist blah blah donde esta la biblioteca.Look, we've tried pretty much all the Old Town spots that have come and gone and remain for as long as I can remember. We've never had a below average experience at Coyote, even when it gets insanely busy. I've been lucky enough to always score an open spot from the convenient albeit cramped parking garage below. We usually watch a game inside their open cantina during football season, and last night someone suggested dinner here.It's not peak tourist season and there's no high-profile tv sporting event going on, so there's no wait time. Actually our friends already had a table and we rolled up a few minutes afterwards. Our waiter was prompt with a friendly greeting and quickly got the drink order. I appreciate that he was casual about giving us time to peruse the menu and enjoy some table conversation instead of hovering to get an order turned in.It seems coincidental that Cafe Coyote was recently featured on a Food Network airing of Heat Seekers and now we're here. I wanted to find out what the guys were fussing about on this Naga Viper chile salsa. On the menu it reads 'Naga Dragon salsa' and 650,000+ SHU (scoville heat units - or spiciness), which adds to the mystique [yelp.com/biz_photos/mTjK…. In comparison, original Tabasco hot sauce is approximately 2,500-5,000 SHU. I'd say I have an average tolerance for spicy heat, and I didn't think their Naga salsa was painfully spicy at all. There was a brief sensation of the chile more on the back end then faded away, but it didn't smack you in the face, like eating a nice chunk of fresh wasabi. The flavor was mellow and smoky and not as tasty as their regular house salsa. Maybe we got a neutered batch because I was disappointed that I wasn't tapping out like so much theatrics from the tv episode (Side note about the tv show - The mango chile sauce with scotch bonnet peppers over at Mama Jamaicas restaurant? That made me sweat quite a bit).No room for dessert this time because chips & salsa and my hearty plate of delicious carnitas was very satisfying [yelp.com/biz_photos/mTjK…. Not to mention their liter-o'-cola sized soft drink glasses. If you love asking for refill after refill after refill because of tiny sodas, then you'll hate this place.Cafe Coyote has been consistently good to me from overall taste to excellent customer service for quite a while now. Yay, I'm a fan!Yay for my 300th review! Yay!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,6/29/2012,792,572,8,11,12>I must say, I was pleasantly surprised with Father's Day brunch spent here yesterday. The boyfriend's mom made reservations for our party of nine a few weeks back for us to enjoy our bottomless grub at 10:00 AM. and that we did for a good hour and a half.When we arrived, the parking lot was filling up quick, but we found close spots. When we walked up to the hostess counter, she brought us to our table immediately (the parentals were just seated a minute before we got there).  We had a nice, open spot in the back patio, much preferred for the quiet we got to enjoy compared to the loud hustle & bustle inside.The food stations were laid out by pasta/omelet station, carving station, hot dishes, breakfast dishes and desserts lined in the middle of the area.The area can be tight, especially with all the people there at prime time.  The pasta/omelet station moved quickly and the ingredients were plentiful.  I enjoyed my omelet, prime rib, mashed potatoes, boneless buffalo wings, lemon chicken, shrimp cocktail, mixed greens veggies, bacon, mac & cheese, carved turkey, blackened salmon fillet and the fresh fruits I picked on after.I'd go back, but definitely make reservations if you want to check it out for Sunday brunch.  Service from our server Lucy was awesome.  She kept our beverages coming, took pics for the family and made sure our plates were cleared timely before we returned after making another round for more grub.There are a lot of photo spots for you to maximize on given its beautiful landscaping, but the foot traffic getting worse as we were leaving made us save our photo ops for another day.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,6/27/2012,647,343,12,13,11>When you're playing with balls, you want to make sure nothing breaks...such as strings.So that's why with one broken string and another set teetering on the edge of breaking, I had to get my racquets restrung, STAT.I found this place through the help of you guys - thanks, Yelpers! Parking in the area is not too bad, but I came on weekdays in the afternoon, so that may have helped. I was able to get a spot right in front of the place. As I was pulling out the 2nd time though, I noticed that they have a parking lot for customers next to the building, so that's always nice.When I walked in, I was pretty turned off by the display and the lack of organization of all the merchandise. However, it wasn't too crowded person-wise, and I was able to get service right away. The lady wasn't particularly warm & friendly, but she seemed to know her stuff, and the service was very efficient.I believe I paid $23 per racquet, which I don't think is too bad, given the type of string I got (16 gauge synthetic gut). I remember 15-some years ago, I (ok, my mom) paid around $17 per string job, so I guess the inflation on racquet stringing isn't horrible...In sum:If you're looking for a decent string job, I'd recommend this place. Just think of it like one of your favorite hole-in-the-wall restaurants with A-OK service but AMAZING food, or your favorite dive bar. It's not the most aesthetically pleasing place, but it gets the job done decently and efficiently faster (and with less anger) than you can ask, "Does Wayne Brady have to Djokovic?"
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,6/26/2012,971,479,4,12,9>"JWOK"  you are now one of my top restaurants to go to.  This will be short, sweet and to the point.  Service: 5 STARS***** Thank you Vanda for the service you provided to me every time I walk in.  Props to the other servers there too for the recommendations of dishes and always filling up my water.  FOOD:  5 STARS  *****Chose from a variety of  little plates to get a taste of everything. These are the dishes I've tried and they have never disappointed me.   Lettuce Wrap Chicken, Garlic Pork Chops, Masaman Chicken Curry, BBQ Pork Bun, Papaya Salad, Pad See Ew and Chicken Fried Rice.  Now for dessert, I've had both the J-OMG and Fried Bananas.  If you like sweet then I would recommend the J-OMG... WOW!  That's all I have to say! The ambiance is chill and a little tip for you:  If you need to use the restroom please pay attention to the picture of a male or female on the door (Asian looking characters).    The first door on the left is the men's restroom and the second door is the ladies.  Some people find this comment to be negative but for me it doesn't bother me at all.  This restaurant does not serve alcohol nor can you bring your own alcohol.  Hopefully in the future they'll be serving liquor but the food sells for itself.  Overall, a really great experience and I will continue to come here and recommend it to people looking for some good food.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,6/25/2012,422,258,11,11,10>First of all, what it's NOT:- Trendy- Gourmet- Fancy- Gluten-free, non-fat, free-range, grass-fed, organic, vegan, lactose-free, or any other hipster-hyphenated adjectivesWhat it IS: Traditional, country-style food at a reasonable price.Recently, I was there with my wife for dinner, and I had a strange hankering for chicken-fried steak.  I hadn't eaten that for at least 5 years, and Janet's didn't let me down.  It certainly met my expectations, and then some.I was a little disappointed with the green beans, which were a bit too soggy for my liking, but my wife said they were exactly like what her papaw in Mississippi used to make, so I'll take that as being "good".Just don't plan on coming here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon -- it's going to be crowded.  You'll have a better chance of finding a bottle of truffle oil than you would finding an open seat.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,6/24/2012,280,432,12,14,12>"I say BRRRRRR it's cold in here, there must have been some Guthrie & Sons in here..."It has been HOT-HOT-HOT in San Diego this past week.  Last year, I was in Paris during a heatwave and it was in the 90s and I had nothing but some fans where I was staying.  When we got back, the AC made a billowing moan and died.  So having survived the stifling heat in France, the heat here was a piece of cake.  However, it was time to replace the old unit.We looked at several different companies, but some of their phone skills were awful.  I found G&S through Yelp, and even wrote back and forth with Love Z. before deciding what to do.  Matt came out, looked at the old unit and ventilation system, made some suggestions, and explained what they could do.  He then came back by with an estimate, which was reasonable for what they were going to do...move the unit to the back of the house.  Not only did they come and install everything, they hauled away the old unit and whatever else was with it.They deal with Trane.  The unit is quiet and so damn efficient.  A few months later, there was a little problem with a hissing noise, but that was taken care of promptly.  We also have a gas heating unit which worked great this past winter.  Right now, the air is cold...sometimes too cold and I have to turn it up to 76.  The old unit never cooled the house effectively, so it was on all the time during hot days.  This new unit is amazing and has saved us a lot of money on energy costs.Sure, it's summer and it's hot...and I could go to the beach and deal with the crowds and parking, but I can also just stay in where it's cool and walk to the fridge for ice cream...or a beer..."Oh-ee, Oh-ee OOOHHHH..ice, ice, ice..."
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,6/23/2012,59,729,7,8,7>This place was pretty good.  Met my cousins here for lunch today to give them the whole "Old Town" experience.  I threw down with a carne asada quesadilla and a carnitas taco.  The quesadilla was really good albeit a bit small.   The taco was tasty as well.  Homemade tortillas for both those things.  Total damage was ?....my cousins were awesome and paid for my meal.  Even my cousins little kid enjoyed her meal (fruit cup). I was pleasantly surprised with how good everything was.  The chips were good but the only thing lacking was the salsa.  Too chunky..... pico de gallo style.  I would definitely come back though and this place was way better than other restaurants that I have been to in Old Town.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,6/22/2012,656,263,14,19,14>Trustworthy mechanics? What?? Unheard of! Enter Mira Mesa Auto Techs.After getting ripped off by unscrupulous mechanics for years, I was a little leery about bringing my car pretty much anywhere. Thanks to Yelp I was able to find this auto shop and will never go anywhere else. Being a women and taking your car to get worked on is always a nightmare, as much as I'd like to believe that our gender does not get taken advantage of. Sadly, this behavior still exists. I took my car to two different places, each one giving me a different diagnosis and outrageous repair costs. For each effing diagnosis, I was charged $95. I then had my husband call in and he was quoted less than what I was quoted. Not so at Mira Mesa Auto Techs. It's a mom and pop shop and on arrival, you check in  with their "receptionist" who takes your info and lines your car keys up with the others waiting for their turn. It's first come first serve so it's best to arrive early. They are honest, no nonsense, work fast and know their shit. And no up selling or false diagnoses here. First off, there was NO diagnostic fee. Zero!! Here is what I had done: new brakes, coolant flush, transmission fluid replaced, tires balanced/rotated and a few other minor repairs. For $365. At the other auto shops, I was quoted double, even triple that. Where most mechanics charge you up the ass for labor, it is the exact opposite with Mira Mesa Auto Techs. I know....unheard of!! I was out of there in a few hours and happily on my way. My hubby took his car there soon after my great experience and was equally satisfied with their service and repair work.Alan and his staff took great care of us and we are so glad our hunt for a good mechanic is over. Thank you Yelp and thank you Mira Mesa Auto Techs!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,6/21/2012,327,136,6,13,8>First of all, I'm not vegan... or vegetarian. In fact, if I'm not trying to fulfill my five a day... I will try my hardest to dodge all forms of veggies! Let me just put it out there some of the reasons why someone like me NEVER considered going vegan PRE-SIPZ fusion days. I for one am a shrimp or crab-a-holic and could never imagine what life would be like without those items in my weekly diet. Also, everything tastes good with bacon. Let's just name a few.. Bacon burgers, bacon wrapped figs, bacon wrapped filet mignon, bacon in cobb salad, and last but not least... bacon and rice. (Don't hate) I checked out SIPZ on a random day and ordered the salted pepper "shrimp." My oh My was it delicious! At first glance I had to question whether or not I was still at a vegetarian restaurant because the "shrimp" really looked like shrimp! Not only was it shaped like it, but had the orange stripes too! WHAT the heck?! Okay... it looks like shrimp, is it too good to be true? Took one bite, eyes rolled back... TASTES LIKE SHRIMP! Pinched myself.. is this real?! AMAZING! For dessert I ordered the mango sticky rice which is heaven on a plate! Sticky rice with coconut cream, fresh mangos, and crushed peanuts on top. Very very delish! This place was so good, I had to come back the next day. (Note: the drive was not just around the corner!) I ordered the egg rolls and salted pepper tofu which was very delicious also.They have so many things on the menu like pad thai, drunken noodles, soups, and different smoothies that I look forward to tasting. There is a very large selection on the menu that can pretty much satisfy ANYONE's cravings.. even someone more "MEATIER" than me! Seriously check this place out!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,6/20/2012,151,254,12,5,5>UM. YUM.Butter = overratedYellow crack sauce that came with my bread = SO delicious I want to smear it all over my face. I want to bathe in it. I want to dab some behind my ears and have people fawn over my elusive scent.     What IS that you're wearing            Oh it's Eau-de-Vagabond-Crack-SauceEau yes, it was that delectable. From the poached pears on my balsamic salad, to the veggie curry and rice. Fck yea berry crepe, with more fresh fruit than cheese, I jumped on that faster than Rachel Zoe on a rice cake. And the staff were wonderful. The Man and I were kind of in a time crunch (he was on his lunch break) and our server made sure the food came out as fast as possible. She even offered to box up our crepe if we needed to leave asap. Which wasn't really necessary because I ate that thing up in about 3 seconds flat. Wonderful place, wonderful service, wonderful lunch. And thanks to SD restaurant week my meal was only $15.Beat that if you think you can!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2011,6/19/2012,75,368,16,7,10>Poor Jade (our waitress).  Little did she know when she approached our motley crew of 6 that 3 of them are among the most annoying on the planet (I can say this, as they are my family).  Annoying person 1: my father.  He is in utter denial of his hearing problems, and therefore refuses to wear his hearing aid.  This results in almost comical ignoring of the waitstaff, as well as screaming across the table, and asking questions that were just answered.  Jade waited patiently for him to notice that she was asking him if he wanted a refill for over 60 awkward seconds, before I gave up and just poked him.  Annoying person 2: My grandmother.  She is a master at looking down her nose at people.  She ordered 2 different wines, and was displeased with both of them.  Jade has the patience of Job.  This leads me to annoying person 3: My 90 year old grandfather.  He likes to speak as little as possible, which makes any interaction with him like pulling teeth.  He said nothing to Jade, and pretty much ignored her completely, until she walked away and he asked the table if she was a guy or girl *my cue to crawl under the table and die*  What is the point of my story, you ask?  Jade could (and maybe should have) given up on our table and stopped being nice and helpful, but she didn't.  She recommended amazing dishes, kept a smile on her face, and added much needed humor to our meal.  The food was out of this world, and we tried a bit of everything. This place is small, but its personality more than makes up for it!  The food is fresh, tasty, and innovative without being intimidating.  This is probably my new favorite restaurant in San Diego.The food + the amazing waitstaff makes this place a unique and wonderful find.  Come here immediately, with as many (not annoying) people as possible, and try/share EVERYTHING!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,11/3/2012,185,210,4,9,4>Isola's pizza is really good, I'd give the place an overall 5 star review, however the  place didn't live up to the expectations, granted these expectations were created by me, and I'm very hard to please. It's not bad, but it's not great, it's A-OK. And with so many gourmet pizza places already opened AND set to open so soon, just blocks away, this place is going to have to adjust. More on that further in the review. I'll just say, a 6 dollar bottled beer, is a TOTAL a no-go for me. In the end, the price point drove the rating down.We live 2 blocks from this spot, and would have loved for it to be a new-found-favorite. When we all were able to get over and try the pizza, it was over-all pretty good. The fresh ingredients were VERY noticable. The procuitto slicer at-the-ready is a nice touch, but thats simply standard in the neighborhood these days. A real woodburining oven is a must, and Isola has a nice wood-burning oven, but so does Cafe Calabria and Bruno and so many others. The concept, vibe and buildout is all there, surprisingly or should I say shockingly the space is much more beautiful during the day, I don't know why, but it's true. Usually places pop at night, but this space really has great light during the day.Bottom-line, 2 pizzas (small California style) and two beers, (bottles of beer might I add), should NEVER be over 50.00 dollars. Pizza is labor intensive, I get that, I've worked at pizza shoppes, however this place is going to have to lower their prices. There is no value in that, when Davanti (a great spot) up the street is offering a pie, equal to the quality and taste at 6 dollars, granted its happy hour, I'm just saying? Not to mention the 5 other spots you can get a decent pie at and for a third of the cost. I am fully aware of where I live, and what neighborhood I live in, but again my neighbor went and said they actually only had salads and 2 glasses of wine, and same deal 50.00 dollars, i am sorry, there just isn't any value to that. And a neighborhood spot is for its locals, not just tourists and inflated prices. Isola just opened its doors, and we are definatly going to be back. I hope over time they will offer a happy hour, or some type of local-deal like other spots do. I would reconmemd that if you order a pie at Isola, you should order it more on the crispy side, the dough is very delicate and complex, this is a real special dough, however, I don't like really soft pizza, I like some crunch. Each pie is different, to keep with each style and recipe, for instance the sausage-mushroom pie was a tad crispier than the arugula-prosciutto pie, being that a pie with fresh greens on top is more delicate. BTW the delicious cheese on the agugula pie has serious nuance & was amazing, it tasted like some of the best hard cheese I've ever had in my life, I'd reconmemd that pie for sure.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,11/2/2012,441,198,4,10,4>Uh-oh! I cheated on Karina's with Marlscos El Pulpo and ...it was worth it! I'll do it again too! Sorry Karina - it's a convenience thing. I'll still keep seeing you, but how can I resist El Pulpo's cold embrace when it's beckoning me from just a few blocks away? So far there are only 3 kinds of ceviche - fish, shrimp, and "special" (with octopus and scallops) but I can deal, especially since they kick in the avocado for free. (Karina, karina - i never knew you were so stingy!) The special ceviche is $14 and worth every damn cent. Fresh, delicious, and chunky. I added some extra lime and cilantro for some extra pizazz.The interior of this place is kinda psychedelic trippy, but fun. The server Gabi is really sweet and personable and you can tell she appreciates her job - which makes you appreciate the experience even more. :)
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,11/1/2012,293,256,4,10,5>Probably the best authentic Vietnamese food in San Diego and fairly inexpensive. Their portions are very generous which is what keeps me coming back for more. Since there are so many good dishes here, I just want to list them out and you yelpers can pick and choose which sounds most appealing to you.Here's what I would recommend: 1. For the appetizer: BBQ Pork Meatball Rolls (Nem Nuong Cuon), which are not really meatBALLS but a red asian pork sausage cut in half and rolled in rice paper with rice noodles and lettuce. 2. For hot, summer days: Chicken Salad (Goi Ga), refreshing shredded strips of chicken on a bed of herbs and shredded lettuce.3. Cure for the common cold: Chicken Rice Porridge (Chao Ga), hot, tasty rice porridge cooked in chicken stock with shredded chicken and roasted garlic. Add lime juice and bean sprouts for added kick. 4. For trying something new: Vietnamese Crepes (Banh Xeo), crispy crepes with ground pork and chopped shrimp. Just tear off a piece of the crepe, lay it on top of a lettuce leaf, add the meat and bean sprouts, roll, and dip into the fish sauce. For added flavor, add a tsp of chili sauce and peanuts to the fish sauce. 5. American with Asian taste: Garlic Butter Chicken Wings, half order is more than enough to feed one person. Amazingly crisp skin with garlic-y taste with a bit of a zinger. Squeeze a little lime over it for a fresher crisp.I don't want to flood this review with all their dishes so I'll stop at 5, which already seems a little excessive, but its just that good. Enjoy!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/31/2012,203,182,10,13,10>I had whiplash from an ice skating injury a week ago. Then had my appointment today. This is my first time doing any sort of chiropractic work on me. I was very well relaxed with them :)It was a quick appointment because that's all is needed for now, I'm cool with that really. You start off in a massage chair just to get relaxed then you get seen by the chirorpracter. I had dr. Beau today and he's a sweetheart.  I feel an immediate tension relief in shoulders and neck and my frontal tension headache started going away.I'll be coming back obviously for follow up, and I intend to come back for maintainence work on me due to my nature of my job wearing heavy lead shields and moving patients all the time. Pricing? I was lucky to found a deal in the last days of July for pre buying appointments. The promo was $50 for first time visits. Then $25 for Following visits. I only opted to buy 3 follow up visits, wished I bought ten. But normal price of $35 is just fine too!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,10/30/2012,18,173,4,7,5>Men's Health Magazine called 30th Street from South Park to North Park the #1 street in the United States for microbrews.  That's not why we moved here, but I'm not mad at it either!Sure, it's just a glorified garage with a few taps, a cooler, and some merchandise, and it's not even worth comparing to the awesome-sauce brewery in Escondido, but I love having the Stone Store a couple blocks from the house.  They're great for growler fills or a pre-dinner beer tasting.  You can't get a full pint, but you can do a five-beer taster where you can keep the glass, or a slightly larger single taster (4oz?6oz?) with the option to buy the glass.  Bring the little glass back and get a dollar off your next five-beer tasting.  Bring the bigger glass back and you can fill it for $2.50.  Prices are subject to change obviously, but that's where they were last time we were in.  We amassed a pretty embarrassing collection of little taster glasses before we found out we could bring them back.Service is always pretty good and it's a jovial crowd.  Nowhere to sit, but it's a tasting room, not a bar.  Move it along, folks.Also, I dig their barbeque sauce.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,10/29/2012,214,348,6,6,9>I'm going to quote Matthew W... "Really? How could it be so easy??" SERIOUSLY? I had cracked the back of my iphone 4 a few days ago and I thought it was going to be expensive! I decided to go onto yelp and find non apple stores to repair this. I found a few places that were charging 80 bucks for repair. 80 bucks? My phone still works- who cares about the crack at that point.... BUT THEN! I read the reviews for "SD Mobile iPhone repair" and it had amazing ratings! I contacted John through his website and he was in constant communications with me. He stopped by my work and it literally took only a minute to replace the back! I can't believe it's THAT easy! John was super nice and very personable! And the great thing about this was that he came to me which is awesome because I am so busy nowadays. Great service and very good pricing! 30 bucks for replace the back! 10 stars!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,10/28/2012,136,133,2,4,5>So far, THE best place for Thai food in SD! Anytime I have a real craving, I make the trek even though there's another really great place close to my neighborhood that I love; this place is just that much better food quality-wise.I've been multiple times now with groups of people just because I had to share my discovery, and also wanted to strategize with bringing more people so I can try more dishes and eat their food *lol* AND everything I've tried has been UHmazing. I always judge a Thai spot by their pad thai, and really love how they do it. I always hate when I order pad Thai and the noodles are dry; here they're nice and saucy and I love how the condiments at the table have all those extra options for sprucing up your dish, including crushed peanuts. I've also tried their golden shrimp appetizer, which is nice and crunchy and light, even though it's fried. Another yummy dish I've tried is the BBQ beef; what really makes it is this yummy fish cilantro pepper sauce that I could totally at alone with just white rice.Damn I just got hungry.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,10/27/2012,1706,705,3,6,6>Hidden little place.My first time here, I ordered the MINI- ramen.  It was more than enough for me to satisfy.  It's $1.50 less than the full bowl.  The full bowl is HUGE! I recommend getting the mini ramen. It's simple but delicious. Especially, the egg they put in it.  I have no idea how they make that boiled egg, but it's scrumptious!  My friend, Katrina, told me there is this in depth process to how they make it. You have to try it.Also my table shared some of the fried garlic. YUM! and some cold sake - a cool blue bottle presentation!All in all, I'd go back.The only reason I didn't give it a full 5 stars is because the place is hidden and the parking is not plentiful.  The inside atmosphere is nice, but a little on the messy side.Anyhow, if you are in the area and want some ramen, I can recommend this place. :)Oh and I heard they are open LATE... til 3am? I think.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,10/26/2012,180,430,2,10,7>This is hands down my absolute favorite restaurant in all of San Diego. No joke. The views are beautiful, the food is delicious, the service is spectacular, the drinks are well made, and in my case, the company is always top notch ;). It is pricey, but you certainly get what you pay for. Every cent is well spent when you're at Island Prime. Want to save a few bucks? Go to a San Diego Costco and get one of the Restaurant gift cards -- $80 for (2) $50 gift cards. Sweet deal, right?I wish I had more money to spend, because I'd blow it nightly dinners at Island Prime. *Sigh* Maybe one day...until then, I'll be celebrating birthdays, anniversaries, fancy dates, or wooing out-of-town guests here. Can't wait to my next visit!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,10/25/2012,285,281,4,11,15>While the Le brothers are known for their delicious sandwiches, I've got to give them 5 stars for having big hearts too.  Both have been really involved with the American Cancer Society, and when I was working on a big project at another non-profit, John stepped in to volunteer and made hundreds of phone calls from our local office for the campaign.  The Le brothers also fixed up a bunch of trays of everybody's favorite sandwiches and gave us a generous discount so we could feed our volunteers.  Homemade-style bread, quality meats and cheeses with fresh veggies was appreciated and disappeared fast!     With the uncertain economy it's been tough for small businesses.  I'm grateful for people like John and Peter who even in challenging times, still continue to give of their time, effort and yummy sandwiches!  Thanks Le brothers! xoxo
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,5/31/2013,975,197,4,8,5>The fact that they have a veterinarian there is really helpful. A lot of other daycare and boarding places require you to provide proof of current vaccinations and if you don't have that paperwork they won't take you. Well, don't you worry- Dr. Boyd's allows you to get all those vaccinations onsite, getting you all caught up on little Fido's meds. Everything from a sick puppy, to an unneutered animal- they take em all! They realize that every situation is different, so they have solutions for it all. I've brought my pitbull, Jax, here on numerous occasions. I always have changing plans, so it's nice to find a place that is flexible and accommodating. I can't tell you how many times I've dropped Jax off for daycare, ended up having one too many at the bar, called Dr. Boyd's to switch from daycare to boarding, then have a them give him a bath before I pick him up and all they say is "Sure, no problem!". Oh heck, add on the flea meds too! So when I drag my hungover butt in the next morning (okay, maybe afternoon), they give me back a tired, happy, and clean dog! Oh, and they even have a link on their Shutterfly so you can check out pics of your pups day. All in all, Dr. Boyd's is a great place and I highly recommend them to any pet owner.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,5/30/2013,804,248,8,13,10>For those that don't know or care to know, 7 Grand got it's name from the LA spot which is off of 7th St and Grand Ave. After having been to both, I can say it's (almost) a spitting image of each other. Tight space, dark and more of a high-end hipster bar that will have you checking your plaid shirt and flip flop 'tude at the door.It's really unlike most of the bars in the area. I feel like you should walk in with your shoulders pushed back and not slouched over (hello NP laid back crowd). I do like that there's several rooms you can hop to so if one room bores you or becomes too tight, you can just make your way to the other.  There's also a billiard in the middle of the front room so that tends to be annoying since it is pretty tight quarters in here. I'm not a fan of cramp bars at all but the fact that this brings in a tiny bit of downtown chic and sophistication makes up for this nice change.And though they are known to be a whiskey bar, they do offer other hard liquor and beer which is good for this vodka drinking gal. I've tried two of their specialty cocktails and that's as much of that as I'm probably going to have of theirs again. Bleh.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/29/2013,114,92,6,17,10>If you live in Clairemont, Baypark, Bayho or the surrouding area...this is a great local joint to know about.And, please ignore any negative reviews.  Understand, they are a new restaurant and with any new organization...there are going to be things that need to be corrected.  Seriously, not a big deal...lighten up, don't tighten up people :-)  It's family owned and operated.  The staff is absolutely lovely.  (Especially the owners)  The prices are not only fair, there is no additional tax added.  In addition, you can find really great appetizers for $5.  And, Entree's for $10.  And, Beers from ALL OVER THE WORLD!It's worth giving a try.  The food is quality.  Go try it for yourself :-)
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,5/28/2013,720,560,13,17,15>401st Review -  Before I begin the review, I would like to disclose that the meal was for Valentine's Day Dinner and was a raffle prize from one of the Yelp Elite Events I had attended. Valentine's Day was full of mixed messages from couples, partners and friends because you have the haters, lonely ones,  too happy couples.  I think of Valentine's day as a LOVE day, it doesn't mean you have to take out your significant other but a day to celebrate LOVE with your family, your partners, your friends and even your co-workers.  It doesn't mean just heart shaped balloons or cakes or even chocolate boxes.Visiting 100 wines on this day on a price fixed menu, we had to view the menu ahead of time.   My partner (Brian) is a pescatarian/vegetarian.  He will eat seafood, eggs but no animal meat (pork, chicken, beef).  100 Wines Valentine's Dinner had several options and I will list it and my take on each item we ordered.  If there is no comment, it meant we didn't order that item although it was an option.Complimentary glasses of champagne - California sparkling wine but it was good.  A+Amuse.  (This is normally  something a chef has prepared for you to start your dining experience compliments of the chef.  Not all restaurants offer this since this is the chef's option.)   Roasted Beet Flatbread - curry onion jam, roasted red and yellow beets, chevre(goat cheese), jalapenos/crushed red pepper.   This was good.  Brian loved it, the cheese is melted on top, not overpowering.  The portion for me was more than I would like to have before a start of the meal (but I finished it all!)  A*1st Course.  3 Choices.  6 oysters on half shell - this was fine for me, I enjoy oysters, sufficient amount to satisfy, simply presented with the rose mignonette on the side.  A+  Mixed greens with gorgonzola, pear, toasted walnuts, strawberries with citrus basil vinagrette.  I would say this is standard with fruit, cheese, nuts and vinagrette dressing and was good but Brian got to talking with the table next to us and started eating this late and wasn't able to finish. before the 2nd course was served. I didn't get a taste.  B+  Crab cakes - we didn't have it and I didn't see anyone else near us order it. No rating.**2nd Course  4 Choices   The two items we did not order was the Pan Roasted Duck Breast which was to be in pomegranate reduction, cauliflower puree and sauteed pea tendrils and the Wild Mushroom risotto (fresh herbs, truffle oil, asparagus).  The neighboring table who chatted up Brian - we were talking about the cruises (they lived in South Beach and took lots of them) had the risotto and she was happy but not ecstatic primarily because of the wild mushrooms.  Her husband who didn't eat meat and shellfish was actually prepared a salmon dish not in the price fixed menu - Props to the kitchen for accommodating them. - A+).  Grilled Lobster tail with tamarind aioli, brown butter mashed potatoes, snow peas, charred lemon - suffice to say Brian cleaned out the lobster tail and potatoes.  He said it was perfect proportions and delicious (again I didn't get a taste which means its too good to share). A+  Grilled 8 oz filet.  Normally since I don't cook duck or have any intention of doing so, I would have ordered that item but today decided on the filet with bacon chived mashed potatoes w/cognac cream, roasted mushrooms & rosemary.  This was absolutely cooked perfectly to my request-medium well,  the filet was warm inside but remained crisply charred on the outside (not burned just  right).  The mushrooms went so well with this that I never finished my potatoes.  AAA+***3rd Course - 3 choices   We didn't order the Chocolate Covered Strawberries but it looked like it would been nice.  It was too  VD item for me.  So we went for the other two (Brian initially ordered the same thing as me but I corrected him to order the other dish, creme brulee).  Creme brulee with seasonal berries and almond cookie.  Delicious, Brian let me get a couple of spoonfuls but he cleaned it out.  A++  Milk Chocolate Mousse, port ganache, creme chantilly, praline & raspberry.  This was the ultimate dessert, the mousse was very light, the port ganache very rich, the rest blended well with all of this to end a wonderful meal at 100 Wines.  A+A+A++++  ******Compliments to the Chef and kitchen.  Service was wonderful and prompt.  My prize didn't include booze but I ordered a glass of white wine which was comped. as part of the meal.  I know that this place has a lot more to offer and if you get a chance, check them out anytime.  The patio in the back has a fireplace but for those cool evenings, the heaters are on to keep you warm and cozy.   Definitely  a place worth visiting if you are in Hillcrest.Thanks again to 100 Wines for the prize and a wonderful experience.(to my readers, sorry for the long review, I often don't do that but this experience deserved the write up).
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/27/2013,971,479,10,13,9>WOW! The wait can be long.  Check in at the front with the hostess and make your way down the street for a cup of coffee.  We arrived about 9am and I couldn't believe the long wait.  We were there so we opt to wait.  We waited for about 45 minutes to an hour.  All I kept thinking was "this better be worth it cause I can always go somewhere else with good food." Service: 5 STARS... Food: Breakfast Pot Pie - rosemary sausage gravy smothers in a flaky puff pastry, topped with an egg and hash browns.   I ordered the eggs on the side because I'm picky with my eggs.  Corned Beef Hash- shredded hash with corned beef, caramelized poblanos and onions. Topped with two eggs and toast or tortillas.The food was amazing... I felt like I had a food-gasm while eating the Flaky Pot Pie.  Now was it worth the wait?  Absolutely!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,5/26/2013,480,252,8,16,12>Surprise, surprise, Roy's does it again.Invited for a VIP event launching their new pacific rim cuisine, I was able to sample everything coming up on their new menu (see pics). From the greeting to the ending, every thing was conducted and well rehearsed. Every dish came with a wine pairing. Hats off to the sommelier, as each was expertly paired. From the new butterfish appetizer, to the wagyu steak, each dish was just incredible. And the desserts, well if you have been to a Roy's, then you know its something they do right every time.I think they have a great new concept going with this location, and from what I learned from the general manager, this will be the only location taking on this new menu, so if you end up feeling partial to the Roy's we have all come to know, you can still visit their downtown location.Side note: They have an incredible happy hour, which I plan to take full advantage of.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,5/25/2013,597,525,9,17,14>Well, I think I may have found my new favorite Italian restaurant in San Diego, and I'm terribly sad that it's taken me this long to experience it. I live in Little Italy, surrounded by oodles of Italian dining options. In fact, there are so many that I wake up to the smell of pepperoni and chicken parm on a daily basis. The smell is practically ingrained in the streets. One would think that living in such a neighborhood with such a robust selection that there would be at least one restaurant that would knock my socks off. Nope, it's never really happened. Little did I know that the restaurant that sets the bar for Little Italy is located in Hillcrest off of 4th Avenue. Indeed, it's Arrivederci.On a Friday night, Arrivederci is quite busy. Expect to wait, though. Calling ahead of time to put your name on the "list" is highly recommended. The wait time for me and my dining companion ended up being around 15 minutes, after calling ahead about 15 minutes prior. Not bad.The dining room is adorable. It felt as if I was in an old Italian house. Every available  inch of the real estate is used to seat patrons. So, if you're claustrophobic, you may be more comfortable requesting a patio table. Nevertheless, I was quite comfortable. The menu is impressive, sporting a large pasta selection and entrée list that is unique. I decided to start with their La Divina Cesare, their traditional Caesar salad ($6). The price is unusually low, and I was expecting a meager serving. To my shock, the salad was huge. Perfectly dressed, not overly creamy. Heaven. I gobbled up every last bite. My dining companion started with the Artichokes. Beautifully plated with a delicious olive oil, the bite I snagged was quite delicious. For my main entrée , I selected the Farfalle Vodka & Salmone ($13.95), a pasta dish composed of bow tie with chunks of Alaskan salmon in a pink sauce. O.M.G. One of the best pasta dishes I've had in recent memory, without a doubt. The vodka sauce was decadent, but not overly rich. Salmon was fresh and flavorful, And the bow tie was cooked al dente perfectly. And did I mention the portion? HUGE. I was only able to eat a little more than half of my dish. If anyone knows what my appetite is like, they know it's a newsworthy event when I can't finish my plate. My table mate had the classic Spaghetti and Meatballs. It was a hit. I snagged a taste and thought that the meatballs were a tad under-seasoned. I would be negligent if I didn't also mention the fabulous bread and marinara sauce that also is served complimentary. TIP:  It's very dangerous. Pace yourself or you will surely spoil your dinner. Service was fairly responsive, impressive given the throngs of hungry peeps they are shuttling in and out of their doors. Appetizers and entrees came out relatively fast. Everything was timed perfectly. Impressive. What's even more amazing are the prices. I'm blown away at how reasonably priced everything is. And the portions make this fatty very happy.As I'm writing this review, I'm already thinking about the next opportunity to return. What pasta will I have next?
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,5/24/2013,806,340,24,16,17>This is by far the best fruitas place I have seen.The list of thingsI can't pronounce is perfect.And not being able to understand the menu and their one thousand seven hundred million drinks is even better.Not being fluent enough in Spanish makes it fun because the lady and I dance with our words.The best thing tho...ok the second best. The second best thing is getting a fruitas in aSlush puppy cup.One time I got a sandia and she put it in a super big gulp cup.I think she liked me that day because she also put a chili coconut slab and a mango chili slab with it.It was amazing. Watermelon, coconut, mango, and chili powder.So good.OkThe best thing about this place is that they serve the drinks cold.I am not a huge fan of warm fruit juice.But that's just me.I am a little off.Plus I drank a bunch of coffee.And had a donut for the first time in over a week.Sugar high.Sugar high babyWhy do you build me up buildmeup Just to let me down letmedownand mess me around and then worst of all worstofall you never call when you say you will sayyouwillbut i love you still i need you  ineedyou Why do I keep singing that song?K.La Colmena fruitymex my favorite fruitas spot.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,5/23/2013,212,708,6,20,9>My first time in a salt room I was in a bathing suit in Germany. Loved the experience! It was one of the perks inside an indoor kids water park/adult spa. A tiny cave-like room lined with wooden benches, the temp was not too warm, not too cool. As you sit there, you breathe in and the taste of salt fills your mouth. It was such a trip, I had to seriously restrain myself from continually licking the air. Almost immediately my sinuses cleared and my skin softened.  Months later back at home a coupon deal for The Salt Room came into my Inbox. I snatched it up hoping to recreate my German experience. Although it wasn't quite the same, it was definitely worthy. The room is the size of a large bedroom with salt crystals covering the walls and ceiling and rock salt on the floor. There are several lounge chairs where you sit fully clothed, which ends up being a good thing because the temp is pretty cool. In fact, after a little while, I had to use the blanket draped across the back of my chair. During the 45 minute session, you just kick back and relax...chatting quietly or taking a little snooze. It pretty much depends on if there is anyone else in the room with you. I was bummed I couldn't taste the salt in the air, but something was definitely going on because my sinuses cleared shortly after sitting down just like back in Germany.  The owner is really friendly and very knowledgable about the health benefits of salt. In the front room, there are a variety of natural bath salts and salt-based skin care products.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/22/2013,350,1084,7,16,11>This is a really cute little thrift shop, between Delish Pho and Bamboo Fresh Thai in the Michael's Craft Store shopping  center at Fletcher Pkwy and Dallas, only two weeks old.  It's amazing how much merchandise is neatly organized in the small space and the prices are very reasonable.  The owner couldn't be nicer.  I plan to be a regular whenever I go to Michael's!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/29/2014,1265,767,12,16,13>anyone who is connected with me on facebook knows the excruciating process i went through to get acupuncture covered by my insurance. hoops upon hoops were jumped, and months were spent getting it worked out. lets face it, western medicine and insurance companies are still a bit behind the times and reluctant to encourage and approve acupuncture as a form of treatment. but where there is a will, there is a heather. i dont back down when I want something.and damnit, i wanted a bunch of tiny needles stuck in my body!!! ...and only pay my $25 copay.---As an already active client in the jean claude studio, I was given the referral to Sandra by trusted friends. I got the opportunity to speak to her between her appts. and discuss my issues of concern and desire to be treated by someone with experience in those specific areas. i appreciated how approachable, very easy-going, and upfront and honest she was with me. best of all, she accepted Kaiser insurance and was very familiar with how they operated and approved acupuncture treatment.ive been curious of acupuncture for a while and as i began to be at a loss with western medicine's approach, I wanted to give it a go. i kept hearing such great things about it and was beginning to get concerned with all the prescription drugs I suddenly had in my drawer (and werent really solving my issues). well, after 5 sessions im hear to tell you: do it. if you are dealing with muscle pain, migraines, cramps, insomnia...things that are interfering with your life and well being, and you are only getting *temporary relief* with painkillers and other drugs, you really should consider trying this out. its not scary, its not painful...if anything, its extremely relaxing and you may nod off during a session.Sandra's space is warm and inviting, beautifully decorated, and comfortable. as you are being treated she gives you the option to have a heater on you, which I always took up and added to the comfort and relaxation. i recommend coming with headphones and music on your phone or ipod as you sit and let the needles do their magic. one instance i have continued to share about my experience with acupuncture and its legitimacy involved this weird sudden pinched nerve of shooting pain in my upper left back one day. it started early, and continued all through work. thankfully it was a day of one of my appointments. after telling her about it and indicating the exact point of pain (every session I would tell her the areas I needed treatment -- or general "maintenance."), she put a needle directly into that area. as i lay there on the massage table i literally felt the sharp pain become lesser and lesser with each pulse. it was as if the needle and the pinched nerve were having a battle and the needle continued to forced the pain to its knees and finally surrender.i left that session with no more pain in that area...and havent experienced it since. needle-1, stupid pinched nerve-0....and so, with 5 weekly sessions, a few needles, and other lifestyle changes recommended to me, I have abandoned the meds I was fearing dependency on...and im back to my old self. i am so thankful for sandra and this ancient form of treatment, and actually amazed at how quickly i found resolution. always keep an open mind!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,10/28/2014,353,513,7,15,13>Amazing new San Diego culinary addition. Been a big fan of there's from the Hillcrest Farmer's Market and was extremely excited to hear about them opening a store front. Saw the fisherman's pho and I couldn't resist even though I was skeptical messing with such a classic that's my second favorite dish. It was excellent.Anytime you put baby clams, mussels, halibut and shrimp together, you have my 110% undivided attention. Not only do you get this dish at a reasonable price, it's just amazingly fresh and clean seafood. I forgot the fish he used for the broth, but it's probably in the top 3 SD broths I've had. The noodles were even very respectable.The owner was nice enough to offer a sample of a salmon dip he created. It was one of the most rich and decadent things I've tasted in a long time. Amazing combinations of flavors and a subtle, but perfect hint of smoke. I don't get too excited about dips, but I'm still thinking about this one. I'll definitely be grabbing a container of that with their chowder, sea urchin, clams and oysters soon. I'd love for them to add a lobster bisque to their menu in the future.They're creating some magical flavors with top quality seafood. I foresee this place being swamped with customers in the near future and it will be well deserved. I'm a huge fan of small businesses that work so hard and put great care and passion in to their craft. When they do it with seafood, it's an incredible experience. It's in my top 10 list for food staples in San Diego for sure.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,10/27/2014,610,215,12,19,19>I was just on the jumbo tron. Cool story, tell it again!This is a beautiful ballpark.  So nice, that our sorry ass Padres barely deserve it, but I am very thankful that we have it here in San Diego... and also very thankful that we whooped on the Dodgers Sunday Night!Besides Padres games, I have also attended the Madonna concert here back in 2008.  We had seats on the field, not too far from the stage, and it was a nice production.The 2014-2015 season just kicked off and I can't wait to sample all the new restaurants inside.  I saw a huge line at the Lucha Libre counter on opening day so I had to pass on that and stick with a Friar Frank.  There is also a Phil's BBQ stand, Hodad's, brews from Ballast Point, Karl Strauss and Stone.I really hope our team steps it up this year and hopefully draws more fans to Petco park.Parking can be a disaster, especially for big games.  Try taking the trolley to downtown and at the very least carpool with your group.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/26/2014,325,152,8,14,12>Classic bakery feel~stainless steel countertops, large industrial sized mixer and dry goods bins in the corner of the dining area. Ordered:Fido Bar-Bone shaped pastry for pups. Sofia liked it.Lemon Bar-Lemon Gelee top and a buttery shortbread bottom. Wonderful.Chocolate Caramel Pretzel Bar-Everything in the name on top of a shortbread foundation. Crunchy, salty, buttery, sweet.  Phenomenal.Chocolate Crinkle Cookie-Soft and choco-ly delicious.Peanut Butter Cookie-Good peanut butter flavor and a nice dusting of coarse sugar on top for contrast.Snickerdoodle-A fine representation of the classic.Chocolate Chip Popcorn Cookie-Fun to try, decent cookie,but the popcorn became hard in the baking process. Worth a try for the novelty.Excited to try anything these folks produce, and my new favorite bakery until my next favorite ;0)
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,10/25/2014,50,27,3,20,14>I was little nervous about my hair style as I have not a single spot of my choice. I have tried many places in SD throughout my life but don't like a single one and I am not a regular customer of any salon.Thank you yelp fellows you all have solved my problem. During yelping I came across that place. I read the reviews and headed towards this salon.The salon was clean and I have to praise the Valerie, this lady is AMAZING. First time I met her and she didn't let me to feel me that I am a new customer. This makes me feel like a special person. I was impressed with her behavior. Let me tell u about the hairstyle she made. LOVED it, the hairstyle she made was really nice and loveable. The whole team was AMAZING. It is the best place to get a haircut. Highly recommended for all.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/24/2014,1110,325,14,18,18>Polite Provisions, you so fancy!  I feel like I'm in the Titanic when I'm here, total old school royalty layout.  It's nice, it's quaint, it's polite.  Then comes the punch bowls.. my oh my, those alone are enough to love this place.  Talk about kickstarting the night!  This place gets pretty packed but it's still an awesome place to socialize.  They're connected to Soda & Swine so if you're feeling like you need to eat, just head right through the back hallway and fill up!  I would like to see some more space in this place and though the decor is nice and fancy, I feel it's a bit odd, a little too odd.. as if something is missing but I can't quite put my finger on it.  But for as congested as it gets in here, it stays pretty clean.  The bartenders are friendly and the atmosphere just makes you want to enjoy the time here with friends and company.  Great drink menu, top to bottom.  If you're in the area and you got a pretty big group, Polite Provisions should be your destination.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,10/23/2014,56,23,3,20,22>I was invited by my old classmate. I heard about this place but hadn't experienced it before. I went there with a lot of expectations in mind. I was damn sure that I would like this place. And really it was a good place. The day was awesome and the coffee added it more memorable. I met with an old friend and it was a pleasure to meet and have a coffee with her.Nice place. Should have try by everyone.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,10/22/2014,975,197,16,27,22>From the moment we walked in, to the moment we walked out, I felt at total ease and taken care of.Having to make an emergency vet visit on a Sunday is never something that is quite "enjoyable" but this place really does do everything in their power to help make the situation better. My dog, Jax, had broken out in really bad hives. After waiting over 24 hours and seeing no real improvement with just Benadryl, I decided to take him in. After searching through Yelp for emergency vets, this place popped up and had great reviews. The hospital is beautiful! They have coffee, tea, water, and snacks in the lobby for all the clients. It's the little things that they thought of to help make your trip to the vet a little less stressful and nerve-wrecking. We checked in and grabbed a seat. There are signs everywhere to let you know to let the front desk know if your wait time has been longer than 15 minutes. They totally pride themselves on customer service here! We waiting about 5 minutes before a staff member came to us and took Jax to the back for a steroid shot. Before taking him, she let us know what they had intended to do to fix his hives and the approximate cost of it. I really liked this because having a surprise vet bill at the end of check-out can cause anyone a heart attack.Once she took him back, we went into a room and waited for the Vet. I wish I remembered her name, but nonetheless, she was awesome! She took her time and explained everything and was very sincere.Jax came back happy! yelp.com/user_local_phot…Hives were gone in less than an hour, and he was back to his normal self.With the vet vist and the steroid shot, total cost was $142.00. Definitely WAY cheaper than I was anticipating. They didn't try to sell me on a bunch of unnecessary allergy tests or treatments, they got right down to the root of the issue and got me out and on my way.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,10/21/2014,604,329,15,19,15>There are only one or two restaurants that I went to with a deal and decide I'll comfortably give 5 stars AND would love to come back AND pay retail normal price. Actually, there's none to-date until Parkhouse. And this even comes from someone who frowns on brunch food and finds it not very special--this place just made this food group special. Food: - Southwest Crab Benedict ($15.75): Layers and layers of rich comfort is found in this entree. It's one thing to have perfectly poached eggs, but it's also another thing to enjoy a perfectly balanced crab cake with that egg. The layers of rich crab meat encapsulated by a light bread crumb exterior that gives it that distinct deep fried texture that works perfectly with your poached egg and chili hollandaise. But it doesn't even end there, you even get a generous layer of grilled focaccia to work with that already 3 layer of flavor and it just creates this beautiful medley of comfort but also richness of renown Bread & Cie bread. I loved this combination, and that oozing runny yolk mixed with the chili hollandaise was very delightful. Yes, there's a slight spice kick but it's not too distracting but quite welcoming with the overall dish. The roasted potatoes were unique in its crispy exterior but also perfect interior softness and the mild seasoning around it. The whole dish went very well together but be very aware of feeling like you've been dumped on with sodium and starch--yikes! Great potion for a heavier brunch feel, so if you split the entree with someone else's entree, it'll actually be perfect so you're not dying by the end of the meal. - Tres Egg Scrambles with Apple-smoked bacon, Portuguese sausage, Carnitas ($12.95): The world knows I'm not a fan of bacon but even my small sample of this entree was really something noteworthy. I LOVED how all three meats were so unique and strong but went so well in this scramble. There were so many juicy but saturated apple-smoked bacon that literally would surface with every bite. The Portuguese sausage not only was noticeable but flowing with deep flavors. The carnitas usually would be tough and mute, but their selection for this dish was hard to forget. Now put them together with the pepperoncini kick and the onion and cheese, and you have a very enjoyable meat-lovers' scramble. At one moment I had to close my eyes to soak all of them in--it's hard to bypass the richness of each meat option. Totally would recommend. - House Mashed Potatoes: this usually comes with the scramble but I wanted make note of the creamy richness and the you-can-tell texture of the effort they put into this famous option. Seasoning was perfect with a slight garlic overtone but very mild, fluffiness was not over-the-top but right at par, and you take your bite and just start wondering: "what crap mashed potatoes have I been eating until now?" Yeah, that moment crashed right into me.   - French White Toast (from Bread & Cie): This also comes with the scramble but also deemed worthy of a spotlight moment. I'm not a bread person, and not a preserves person, but I'm a Bread & Cie toast person...now. No generic bread, and with a slight oil toasting on both sides, you cannot go wrong. The slightly crispy exterior really preserved the interior fluffiness even with such a thin slice! PLEASE get the preserves (jam for the unedumucated)--because you'll taste real strawberries and uneven textures, just how real food should be. Amazing pairing, totally a plus.  Pros: - Unique and run-down homey interior that actually makes perfect for a brunch feel. It seems quite homey and warm, with acoustics that would reverberate but also capture the essence of their choice of location. Loved the hipster feel ;) - Attentive and friendly waiters--especially the friendly part. But not in a questionable friendly way 0:) - Cage free eggs? Homemade and fresh menu items? Unique and distinct flavors? Bread & Cie bread? I mean, usually I wouldn't notice but these really did make such an impression when put together! - Great option for BrunchCons: - Parking could suck since it's University Heights. No dedicated parking, which is okay honestly.  - Some people may think this is expensive, and I would think so too. But it's actually right around how much I would expect to pay for quality food. Definitely. Totally reframing all my cons right here #therapistinaction.I seldom write reviews with dedicated effort and enthusiastic (and extended long) descriptions of what I ate. This is clearly a reflection of my happiness factor. I can see Parkhouse is redeeming my jaded view of overpriced and underwhelming breakfast/brunch food, and it's doing it without even having to try hard. Businesses should all be like this.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,10/20/2014,415,123,17,24,22>Balboa Park is a must-see if you're visiting San Diego.  If you're a resident, Tuesdays are the best days to go, as they have free rotating museum days.  My favorite place I'm always drawn to is Lily Pond, as it's so peaceful and relaxing just sitting there and observing the beautiful creation around us.  Other gardens include the Alcazar Garden, Botanical Building (always free), Desert Cactus Garden, Casa del Rey Moro Garden, Inez Grant Parker Memorial Rose Garden, Japanese Friendship Garden etc.Balboa Park frequently holds events throughout its museums.  My favorite is their annual Art Alive show--just spectacular!!!It's especially crowded if you come on weekends and chances are you will run into a bride and groom taking their professional wedding photos there.  That's fun to watch :)  I've attached a few photos I've taken over the years of the plants and animals at Balboa Park.  Enjoy!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,10/19/2009,245,144,26,24,23>This humble homestead boasts few things. As evidenced by the name, NuNu's cardinal claim to fame is its tasty yet potent-packed cocktails. Add to the fact that NuNu's makes a vicious veggie burger and you've got the perfect equation for the "itis." A few walks on Salty Dog lane yesterday afternoon left me comfortably numb beyond my wildest expectations. So much so that the rage train almost took a wandering detour toward NuNu's plush, vintage booths, which, according to "word of mouth," are perfect for post-quaff catnaps. Among other things, NuNu's list of boast-worthy attributes also includes free Wi-Fi. I beseech you to chew on that for a second..Free Wi-Fi. And in a bar, of all places. As I tried [under the influence of gin] to wrap my brain around the types that would utilize such a service, a laptop toter set up shop at one of the winding corner booths. She didn't appear to be a barfly; rather, she looked efficient and studious as she camped out with her MacBook companion, nursing, not a latte of all things, but a bottle of Bud in a cocktail lounge armed with Wi-Fi. This signifies one of two things: this woman is a genius OR studying habits have gone to shit.  Considering NuNu's downright obscene hours (6 a.m. to 2 a.m.), I'm left to wonder why I spent many a sleepless night in a stuffy library as an quarantined undergrad instead of this joint.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,10/17/2009,40,264,11,20,15>I had an absolutely great experience with Priority Moving.  I would definitely recommend them.  Read on for the details...The initial call that I had with Truda was great.  She was friendly, professional and it was obvious she knew what she was doing.  We very quickly compiled a list of my items along with an estimate and date for the move.Ben and Bobby handled the move itself.  They were there ahead of schedule and ready to go immediately.  They were courteous, professional, had great attention to detail and asked plenty of intelligent questions.  The move was completed well within the estimated time frame of four hours.I've dealt with too many places that throw some "day laborers" on a truck and try to pretend they're a moving company.  It was really refreshing to work with a group that prides themselves on professionalism.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2009,10/16/2009,765,361,14,15,16>If you enjoy walking up steep hills in the scorching heat only to be disappointed to find the animals in hiding or impartial to being gawked at by humans, this is the place to go. I'm not too keen on doing this, so it was most definitely worthwhile for us to pay the 20 bucks to take the tram around the park and get a more distant view of the animals. I'm not opposed to the exercise, but I'd rather not have to dodge the gaping idiots along the way.The only exhibit we bothered to walk to was the gorillas. Either they were hiding, they weren't in their cage, they aren't in existence, or they had no desire to be harassed at by humans. Either way it was a little annoying because there were allegedly 11 gorillas and we saw a whopping zero.I guess this place lacks marvel for me because I've been there, done that many a time...so seeing overweight, over fed, lazy animals wasn't all that exciting to me. I'm more a fan of sea animals to be honest.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/21/2009,10/15/2009,804,248,24,24,22>Am I at Venice, in LA???  I still love taking walks from MB to PB and I can handle to crowd so this isn't going to stop me. But really...What happened  to this place in the last 5 years? What's with all these kids and even adults "hanging out" along the wall. Really?? The ocean is facing that a way, not this a way... People watching is cool, and I'm all for that. Hollar at women all you want. Make out all you want. But at least camouflage yourselves and wear something beach appropriate. Seriously, you're all lookin' kinda stoopid sitting there like Humpty Dumptys.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,10/14/2009,792,572,20,28,25>Why have I not gone to Gaglione Bros. before yesterday??  I'll probably ask myself that a few times more after I go back there many times over in the near future to figure that out.Who needs to go to Philly for a cheese steak sandwich when we've got Gaglione's in San Diego?!  I had the pleasure of trying THE Philly cheese steak sandwich at the world famous Pat's a few years ago when I was in the East coast, but seriously, Gaglione's cheese steak sandwich with Cheez Whiz is pretty freaking fantastic compared to Pat's ('whiz wit' when ordering it from Pat's).We got there around Noon and all the outdoor dining was full with no other customers dining inside (why bother when it was a beautiful day).  We weren't sure what to order, but when we saw the steak sandwich on the menu with Cheez Whiz, we ordered an 18" inch to share and two orders of garlic fries.  For this plus two regular drinks, it came out to $21 and some change.We waited about five minutes for our food to come out (which we ordered to go).  As we drove back to my friend's place from Point Loma to Hillcrest, my car was starting to smell like the garlic fries that were wrapped securely in the tray it was packaged in. Driving with that smell lingering in the air and not eating any of it was torture!!I took a bite out of the sandwich and instantly fell in love.   The sandwich was so tasty and the garlic fries are the bomb!  I only ate half my sandwich and gave the rest to my friend but I finished up all my garlic fries...I love fries and made sure these didn't go to waste.Gaglione Bros has a great combo going with their excellent menu items, decent prices, fantastic tasting food, great location and super friendly customer service from their staff. This place has filled a spot in my rotation of places to dine at when I'm in the Point Loma area. Even if I'm not in the area and I want a delicious cheese steak sandwich and a quick fix of their garlic fries, I will definitely find my way to Gaglione Bros!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2009,10/13/2009,587,1463,14,18,20>Walking in last night I was pretty curious as to how the folks from Hams would revamp this former workplace of mine. Right off the bat I noticed that the bar had been extended and all of the seating that used to line the entire wall facing the bar had been scrapped in favor of  bar tables with stools. The middle of the dining area also has  barrels that are being used as tables .Other than that, and also the fresh paint job and various small amenities that have been added, the place still looks relatively similar to it predecessor.So far so good. I like the color scheme. I like the longer bar and I definitely like the menu. More expansive and diverse than Hams food menu and priced accordingly, ( by the way  I will now officially stop comparing this new spot to Hams ). I like that the juke box has mainly rock and punk , which happens to be my cup of tea. I am pretty thrilled that this bar is here. While not officially in my neighborhood, as this is University Heights and I live in North Park, its damn close enough. I can walk home if need be. Home being just a few blocks away . Ahhh, the joys of living in uptown = )Lei Lounge next door has a full bar and decent food but to be honest Ive never ordered a beer there, and Bourbon Street...well, nothing against that establishment but its just not my scene. Lancers is, well its Lancers. I go there every now and then also.Here at Small Bar, you come for the BEER. I support my local bars even if they are draining me financially haha.For those that are not familiar with the craft beer scene in San Diego and have never been to places like Hamiltons, Toronado,or Blind Lady, DO NOT expect to find brands such as budweiser, corona, coors, michelob, mgd, and heineken. ( ok Hams does carry some of that stuff but Ive never seen anyone drinking a bud light there ) There are more but I'm not going to waste time by listing all of them. It would take too long. If those beers are your preferences then you should probably go to your nearest chain restaurant. Perhaps TGIF would be more to your liking. However ! If you happen to be here at Small Bar, DO NOT ask for those beers when you are ordering at the bar ! Im not sure what would happen but Im sure it wont be pretty ! haha. Im kidding around. Actually Im not. Dont do it.Oh yeah, there is hard liquor here also, but to be honest I dont think its necessary. Im going to assume that the type 47 liquor license is the same one that Bistro D'Asia was using and that Small Bar is now  using the same one. I love the fact they have a drink list on the menu that does not cater to the downtown crowd or people that just turned 21 that cant wait to order their first apple martini or long island ice teas. The menu even says " No chocolatinis here ! " That was the condensed quote, but you'll see it once you look at the menu.Overall, a great addition to the area ! I will be back, this week, next week, every week if I can afford it. Even if I cant afford it I'll still come back. Man... reading what I just wrote,  I think may need some help.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,10/11/2009,281,408,15,17,15>Two words: SALSA VERDE. That's all you really need to know about La Puerta. It's the best dang spicy salsa verde ever. That and daily happy hour until 7 means three drinks each and two full meals (one quesadilla @ happy hour price, one enchilada plate at a decent regular price) came to around $40 and we had food to take home. Oh, and the chips are legit - they must make them there. OMG. If I lived nearby I'd certainly be there often. Since I don't, I'm going to try and find a ride every chance I get. Anyone want to pick me up? Happy Hour is calling...
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,10/10/2009,166,31,13,23,18>The small town of Tocumbo Michoacan Mexico is serious about the ice cream business. So serious the towns entrances sports a 3 story high statue of a paleta (Popsicle) and Ice Cream cone. img.photobucket.com/albu… The modest Neveria Tocumbo shop in San Diego is just as serious and proud about their business and it shows. All Ice Cream and Paletas are handmade in house using only quality natural ingredients. The thing I love most about Mexican Creamery's is they do not shy away from making exotic flavors. Some of my favorite ice cream flavors here include Elote (Corn), Guayaba (guava), and Rose Pedals. Corn Ice cream is they closest thing I can get to a taco in the ice cream world and I love it. Guava is such a refreshing tropical flavor. Rose Petals what can I say, so exotic with the beautiful creamy aftertaste of tiny crushed rose petal. Today I tried a very tasty Ice Cream rendition of Bubu Lubu. Bubu Lubu is a Mexican chocolate bar with a layer of strawberry-flavored jelly and a layer of marshmallow. candyaddict.com/blog/200… They have so many more flavors you will just have to sample yourself. The owner and workers are very friendly, helpful, and generous with samples. With the Run in the mill Frozen Yogurt and Ice Cream establishments on every corner this is such a great place for those willing to expand their palettes. Neveria Tocumbo Serious Ice cream-Serious taste
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2009,10/9/2009,185,61,20,20,17>Hamilton's is very quickly becoming one of my favorite bars.  I have a blast every time I come here.  Whether I'm sitting at one of the tables with a large group of friends enjoying each others company, or simply sitting at the bar with one friend watching a game.  I love this place.  I love that they have an ever-changing assortment of beer available, the bartenders are unbelievably friendly (even when they're grumpy), and the food is tasty, greasy, and not the least bit healthy.But the real clincher for my love of this bar happened last night, when I was sitting at the bar and this beautiful pint was placed in front of me, yet it wasn't mine.  The frothy goodness slowly climbed down the sides of the glass, with the beauty of a Boddington's, but this wasn't a Boddington's, the color of this brew was a bit darker.  So, I look around to find said owner of this beer and ask what type it is.  "Wexford's Irish Cream Ale," he responds.  And before he takes a sip of his own beer, he offers it to me.  In disbelief, I take a sip of this stranger's drink.  Not only was it amazing (I very shortly after ordered my own), but the owner was also incredibly nice and lacked any trace of the "creep-vibe."  We chatted for a couple of minutes, until he went on his way.  - This is the way a bar should be.And in fact, I want to go back tonight.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2009,10/8/2009,859,450,35,32,29>I came here to pick up chicken and pork* skewers for a Filipino club event. They were ready to be picked up when I got there even after I was was 30 minutes late from waiting forever at Royal Mandarin for their salt pepper chicken wings.I had to go from National City to Linda Vista, so the drive was torture. It sucked to have two huge trays of meat skewers in my back seat that I couldn't eat. However, once I tried them....they were delicious! Nothing better than meat on a stick.The only down side (on my behalf) is that there was a pool of meat juice on the backseat of my car. An obvious result of my own crazy fast driving. The smell lingered in my car for about a week too. So for a week, every time I stepped inside my car, I instantly got hungry.*I originally wrote "porn" instead of "pork".....Freudian slip, much?
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2007,3/9/2007,121,192,2,2,2>The cod fishcakes are a delight. My pork was eh but my spouse's grilled steak was perfect. Sauces were properly spicy. Limited beer and wine selection. Did inflame my bowels a bit. Bizarre yet somehow authentic-seeming decor. Service was smiley if a bit unnecessarily lagging (it was a slow night). Live musical accompaniment was disastrous ... Bill Cosby was wrong, there isn't always room for cello, especially when the cellist is a random college student going through a chamber music phase.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2007,3/8/2007,117,98,5,13,12>while i second the comment about the less than ideal seating arrangements (cramped), i still love the crest. they have a sinful jalapeno fettuccini that is off the menu now (but they're still kind enough to let me order it) with gigantic shavings of parmesan cheese on top. i also love the spinach gorganzola salad coupled with one of their homemade dressings like the thick, fresh basil vinegrette. YUM!  My friends and I come here almost once a week and always have the same sweet server gal who always makes us feel welcomed. and she makes a stupendous, giant mimosa with fresh squeezed oj.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2006,3/7/2007,288,278,,8,6>Leaving San Diego was hard but having my good-bye party here was PERFECT.  It was easy to organize and coordinate a big group of friends to meet up here.  It's casual, laid-back and they have relatively inexpensive drinks (considering it's in Downtown SD).  The music selection can sometimes be pretty random but mostly it's good, fun times.  The last time I was here they added a new room downstairs where they play mostly hip-hop (as opposed to whatever the DJ feels like playing upstairs in the main room).  It's kind of hidden and not really announced in the main room so when my friends and I went downstairs we were able to dance and get drinks without having to elbow the other dancers/drinkers.  I think this is one of the Gaslamp's best kept secrets.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2007,3/6/2007,135,262,5,3,2>Why do I even walk in here? I know I'm going to buy stuff I didn't go in there for. I did that today. It's ridiculous. I go in to buy paper towels and tube socks and I come out with those items, four big plastic storage bins, a case of Bic razors, a soccer ball and a box of greeting cards. Yea, I need that stuff but not now! But it was on sale and right in front of me so I might as well buy it! You get the picture. I'm sure you've been a victim too.....
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/22/2007,3/5/2007,13792,257,,22,19>The Mission Bay Aquatic Center was started in 1970 when Glen Brandenburg, an SDSU student at the time, signed up to take a sailing class at the then City run sailing facility.  Part of the way through the class, the instructor suddenly stopped showing up to teach and Glen assumed the role as the new instructor.  Associated Students of SDSU and UCSD Recreation assumed the lease of the then dilapidated old boathouse in 1975 and the Mission Bay Aquatic Center was born. Since then the Universities have built the facility in to the world reknown program it is today.  Now here is the best punch line ever....   drum roll.......   Glen Brandenburg is still the MBAC Director.The Center is located in beautiful Mission Bay Park on the south end of Santa Clara Point.  It is perfect for the 15,000 people who took classes last year.  Nowhere else in the world can you find such a diverse mix of watersports equipment and instruction under one roof!  And what a roof:  it's a 24,000 square foot redwood facility with over 13 motorized watercraft, 50 sailboats, 100 surfboards, 25 windsurf boards, 90 kayaks, 40 rowing shells and 1 mission: to ensure a safe, enjoyable watersports experience. Friendly staff members greet you in the reception area, check you in, and direct you to your class. Afterward you can wait in the lobby lounge area, complete with fireplace, or head to the changing room and lockers to stow your belongings. Classroom instruction is held in one of our two indoor classrooms, complete with blackboards, projectors and VCR/DVD Televisions. The adjacent grounds provide the perfect complimentary classroom setup where you can enjoy the beautiful Mission Bay scenery while learning what you need to know prior to hitting the water.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2007,3/4/2007,40,56,6,7,8>Pomegranate is a wonderful dining experience: great food, fun staff, brilliant decor. All in all a warm, delicious dining experience.Because I hate long reviews on Yelp when I'm quickly scanning for a place to eat, I'll give the quick version:Food: 5 starsAmbiance: 5 starsService: 5 starsWhat to order (in my humble opinion, only having been there once): Chicken Satsivi, GolubtsiOK here goes the long review...I was down visiting a friend over the weekend & we heard about Pomegranate & decided to try it. My friends are Russian & I lived in Moscow for many years. I've not been able to find a restaurant in San Francisco that serves Georgian food, which was always my favorite when I lived in Russia. We had a similar experience as Kathleen M. with the waitstaff. We walk into an empty restaurant at about 5pm on a Sunday afternoon and the first thing the waitress says to us is:do you have a reservation?uh, no....well, you should have called to make a reservation!We look around, confused, at the empty restaurant.uh, ok. we will next time.good! she says, we are sold out on Fridays and Saturdays. Call first!She seats us & sets the table with empty water glasses. lemon? she almost threatens, stabbing a small piece with a sharp sharp fork, hovering over the water glass.uh, ok.what is the matter with you people? are you dead?uh, no. i mean NO! Yes! Please, MORE LEMON!there! that's much better. now you are alive. now i can give you menus.She continued on with the teasing-joking banter throughout the whole meal. If you like that sort of thing, it makes you feel warm & welcome. If not....well, I saw a Mickey D's nearby....As others said, the appetizer plate is a good way to try a bunch of different salads. Beware, faint-hearted eater: this food is packed with garlic. Only go with people who love you for who you are & not what you'll smell like afterwards. If you've had Georgian food before, I'd skip the combo tray & try what you like. The only slight (and i mean *slight*) disappointment was the Khachipuri -- which is salty cheese, reminiscent of halumi -- wrapped in phyllo-like dough & baked to perfection. Pomegranate's was not baked enough or hot enough when brought to the table. Next time I'll ask her to put it in the oven again before she brings it out.If the waitstaff doesn't mention it, be sure to ask about the Satsivi: this is a Georgian specialty dish that consists of a very rich, almost creamy sauce made out of walnuts and spices. The chicken is added after the sauce is complete, to soak in the deliciousness. Golubsti, Russian meat-stuffed cabbage rolls covered in a chunky tomatoe-y carroty sauce, were truly done to perfection here. Not even my old Russian boyfriend's mom made better ones. Sorry Larissa Alexsandrovna!Lastly, let me mention how cool the interior and exterior of the restaurant were: covered in loving artwork & graffiti (think bathroom stall, not NYC subway), the place radiated a welcoming and interesting ambiance. They definitely didn't go overboard on some Soviet type theme. The walls on the inside were covered by sayings, welcomes and "I was here" notes from past patrons, in at least 7 different languages. I didn't have time to read them all, so there may have been even more!Written on the outside of the building, in Russian:A dick wrapped in a newspaper will replace a cigarette-- Vladimir MayakovskyYou lucky lucky people who live in San Diego! This may be a good reason to move!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2007,3/3/2007,40,113,1,2,3>So I have spent the past two weeks exploring cafes in San Diego, and for some reason this cafe never showed up on yelp when I searched.  Well, I was hopeful that I wouldn't come across it on here - because it's my favorite coffee shop, hands down. PLENTY of space to spread out and do work, a gazillion plugs for your computer, TONS of window-sun light.  Not to mention their delicious drinks, tasty sandwhiches and totally nice employees.  I luff it.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2006,3/2/2007,144,303,5,13,10>this is my mother's alteration biz. she can sew like no other. she does original hems, fix holes in sweaters, tailors suits, pretty much anything. she can also replicate any item of clothing, or create new clothing as long as you have a pattern. my mother is the awesomest.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2007,3/1/2007,402,464,2,6,6>Choucroute with the bratwurst, mmmmmm!!!Also I had the pork belly and meat pie empanada both were very tasty.I think I had this Latour Pinot Noir Valmoissine 2004, suggested by our server and it was a perfect pearing our sausages. The staff is excellent=excellent service and hospitality.  This restaurant is one of those great finds, quaint with a relaxing atmosphere.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2007,2/28/2007,97,117,4,1,2>Why is it that right before your turn to sing, some Mr.Cool Guy has to do a standing ovation worthy rendition of Al Green. I mean, how the heck are you supposed to follow that act? Well good thing there is liquid courage.  The strong drinks (which they start serving at 6am!) do a superb job of numbing the embarrassment.   The place itself has standard tavern decor: cozy booths, pool tables, a nice round bar with stools, mirrors with beer logos.  Really though, Its the people that make this place--the crowd is so eclectic, you're guaranteed to be intrigued. Best karaoke bar in SD.  Always good fun.Well at least it's all good fun until the cell phone video of your  'Like a Virgin' floor crawl circulates around the office tomorrow.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,10/14/2011,645,258,17,14,16>What can a person say after 175 reviews? Well, all the waiters must go to the same hairdresser because they all have nicely fresh doos. Neatly coiffed! Our water glasses were always quickly topped The scenery was cool. I swear I saw Yelper Javi walk by as we ordered our food. Seriously!  A  5-star+
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,10/13/2011,620,1444,29,28,25>An unexpected bout of PBC hit me and it's been going on for about a month. PBC? That's Pupusas and Balea Craving. Like that of an expectant mother, food cravings come randomly but once they hit, they're passionate and incredibly long-lasting.Pupusas eaters will notice weight loss, increased sex appeal, stronger brain functioning, and straighter hair (girls, say goodbye to blowouts). Of course, none of these statements have been evaluated by the FDA. Gastronomes and bon vivants order 6-course tasting menus at epicurean restaurants. PBC sufferers create their own tasting menu at El Sal because it's what the doctor ordered. Pupusa #1. Pupusa #2. Pupusa #3. Tamale #1. Pupusa #4. What pupusa am I on?Fortunately, I've purged PBC and thankfully before the 9-month mark. My own result? A food baby. If only El Sal delivered. Tacky, half-baked, dim-witted puns aside, the experience is more than cheesy (sorry, last one). El Sal's dishes are very typical of the street fare you'll find in El Salvador (hence the eponymously named, El Salvadoreno; no shiet Sherlock, right?) and Guatemala. It has been some time since I've been to the region but El Sal's is reminiscient of the pupusas I've had in Latin America. I'm going to guarantee that at least 3 out of 5 people won't like pupusas. That's fine; we all have different tastes. What color is your parachute? Another (wo)man's trash is another (wo)man's pupusa. Pupusa? Some people mistakenly say it's orgasmic, divine, unworldy, etc. Sure, it may be any of those but really, it's a simple corn meal casing filled with ingredients. Its gastronomic amazement is in its beautiful simplicity. Balea? It's essentially a giant taco but minimally filled. It's just the style. It comes with beans inside (which can be requested seperately). The salsas are action-packed with soothing overtones of jam-packed flavor. Who is the Robert Parker of salsa tasting because El Sal's salsas (tongue twister?) have to be judged. The Salsa Advocate?But hey, don't let guerros and gringos convince you. If you need proof, seek the pudding by flying to El Salvador and Guatemala. But let me save you the hassle (and unsightly bowels due to less-than-ideal hygiene standards) and give El Sal a whirl.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,10/12/2011,1165,834,30,30,29>People are soooo cynical about clubs.  For most San Diego clubs, review after review makes at least one of the following accusations:1)  The cover charge is too high.2)  The drinks are too expensive and weak.3)  The music is mediocre.4)  The crowd is "douchey" (whatever that means...).But you know what?  1)  Rich's has no cover most of the time.  (On Fridays, it's free before 11pm with a student, gym, or military ID, even if it is expired.) 2)  The drinks are strong, cheap, and delicious (especially their gin and sodas).3)  The music is killer.4)  The crowd is pretty diverse, chill, and mainly interested in a let-your-hair-down night of booze and dancing (and I'm not talking about the usual gaggle of circuit boys that predominate at Hillcrest clubs).On the night when I showed up (with Yelp's "YGM" in tow), I had a blast.  I'm talking about more fun than I ever recall having at a club while over the age of 21.  Everything fell into place.Apparently, that Friday was "trashy pop" night, which doesn't mean anything to me, other than some excellent DJs spinning in the main room in the back, coupled with an eye-popping light show and a random live band that showed up at 1am (but, admittedly, that part seems hazy to me now).There's also a hip-hop room and smoking patio in front, but since I'm not really into either hip-hop or smoking, I took a pass on those.  (On the other hand, the hip-hop room tends to be a lot less crowded than the main floor, so if you need to find someone in the crowd, I recommend texting them and telling them to meet you there.)I admit, hitting the clubs 'til the wee hours is something I'm rapidly outgrowing.  But, if I'm going to do it somewhere, I want it to be Rich's.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,10/11/2011,313,211,15,16,15>Cool burger, Daddy-O! Took me awhile to find the joint (finally just looked for the parking lot packed with Harley's and there it was). Lots of life in the place, big booths for families, counter seating (which I love) and some race car rides for the kids. Before I get to hear from the haters that this isn't the best burger in the world(I'm from Hamburg so I KNOW what hamburgers are supposed to taste like, derp) or how some effn place in Kansas is sooo much better, I suggest you give it a try. Three trips for me so far and I have not been disappointed. WHEN YOU GO- The Smoker and Daddy-O are both winners..duh. The Smoker is loaded with jalapenos, enough for you to fondly remember Daddy-O's the next morning (DAMN YOU, DADDY-O's!! DAMN YOU!!!!). Yes, I ate another one on the next trip and it is def my go to here. Shakes are amazing! Decent beer menu as well. They also have a 2 1/2 lb monstrosity "Food Challenge" type burger that you have to eat along with a buttload of fries and a shake within something crazy like 30 minutes. If you do you get a T shirt and your pic on the wall of fame. If you fail, you have to wear a tiara and get your pic on the wall of shame! Lots more pics on the shame wall as you can imagine. Get to Daddy-O's. I know what I'm talking about being from Hamburg and all...
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,10/10/2011,735,735,13,17,14>Huge fish tacos for $1.25.  Spicy red onions on the side.  Complimentary cups of tomato and shrimp consomme.Some gringo was complaining to our hero about how they weren't showing the Chargers game around the truck before he ordered.  Dude, you are at a taco truck with open air seating and you expect them to be showing the game?  Some people just have ridiculous expectations.PROS:- Free spicy shrimp soup.- Good cheap fish tacos.CONS:- I don't think any of the staff here really speaks English.- Ordering can be confusing, as the line here for people waiting for their order is the same as the line for people trying to place an order.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2010,10/9/2011,804,248,12,12,12>Large coffeehouse. Has an upstairs balcony...made for a very mon cheri feel. I came here in the evening and apparently they have a band that plays. The volume could use some toning down. Due to the high ceiling, it echos up in here and the sound bounced off of my head. And after having a few glasses of red wine from West Coast Tavern across the street, I physically felt it. That wasn't at all a welcoming treat and not the kind of music that I would of expected in a coffee shop, either. Just didn't fit the place when the atmosphere spells out "cozy" yet plays "brash" music. WTHeck?But speaking of treats, they had a few sweets glaring in front of me when we walked up to the counter. I wasn't in the mood for any anyways, so I decided to pass on it. I did, however, opt for a pumpkin spice latte. A tad bit on the sugary side but being a huge fan that I am of anything pumpkin, I will say, they did a pretty good job of it. It was very pumpkin-y flavored. Delish!So, really I would love to come back to surround myself of it's beauty and get all comfy with another cup of the pumpkin spice latte. But if  there's another obnoxiously loud music blaring in this place, I would  have to take it to go. I don't think I could be able to tolerate acoustic sounds deafening my eardrums again.  I don't know what the deal was with that, but maybe the idea is if their coffee doesn't wake you up, they got their band that will get that done for you instead. Personally, I'll stick with getting an extra shot of espresso in my drink.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,10/8/2011,2074,1145,10,14,12>can't find it?  it's behind the panera's bread inbetween the parking structure and the thai joint.misses: - no greeters at the door for a bit.  i had expected at least a hello from the bartender.- san francisco sourdough was replaced with local bread. (sign of tough times).  it was ok but not acme quality.- the seabass was a a bit dry on the outside.- i was quite chilly upstairs.- decor could use a bit of sprucing up.hits: - the famed mussel soup en croute - i got the smaller portion - lived up to its reputation.  lobster broth, mussels, pastry and cheese.  very decadent.- the lamb chop with baby spinach salad was delicious- the mussels in the light curry sauce was nom-nom sop my bread in this broth nom-nom!  i was just wishing for some fries.- the juicy parts of the seabass was fab as was my fried oyster salad with bacon.- the service was top notch - friendly, knowledgeable and on point.good selection of priced wines was a bonus.the heavy cream sauces pushed me over the edge so no sweets to be sampled that night.until next time...i'll come armed with lactaid my friend.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,10/7/2011,402,380,10,13,15>Richie Ditta opened up this awesome bike shop in charming Normal Heights just across from Blind Lady Ale House. In fact, some nights he even offers bike valet! You can eat and drink and be merry without worrying about some jerk stealing your seat post or urinating in your helmet. Richie is a former bicycle courier extraordinaire from New York City. Hence, his tribute to NYC by naming his bike after the Brooklyn borough. He's an expert cyclist, repairman and can hook you up with the whip of your dreams. Come and check out the shop!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,10/6/2011,154,43,53,25,23>I've been to two movies since the Cinépolis Luxury Theater's grand opening and I must say that many of the negative reviews posted on Yelp are horseshit. Don't get me wrong, this place has wicked problems (and I'm talking in addition to the whole pronunciation thing) but let's face facts, too much money belonging to filthy rich Central American investors is on the line for them to not iron out the kinks posthaste. Sure the technology runs like an ornithopter in a hurricane and you have to pawn a kidney on the black market to afford food and tickets, but it isn't all bad. The website crashed over and over as did the some of the registers while I was there but seriously what brand new, high demand website or technology does this not happen to the first time it is introduced to hoards of public users? The website you are on right now was and is not immune to very same thing - same with everything you use Gmail, Facebook, etc.The seats are infinitely more comfortable than my furniture at home which is both awesome and depressing at the same time. Theoretically, you can recline your chair all the way down and still not be bothered by a behemoth man with gigantism and a stovepipe hat sitting in front of you (which in and of itself makes the ticket price worth it). My only complaint about the seats is that they are arranged in pairs and tend to remind me that my life is a sham by accentuating my perpetual third wheel-ness. Also, I have the bladder of a 5 year old so when the only restroom in close proximity to the theater can accommodate no more than 2 people at once, it is virtually guaranteed I will urinate in my pants as I race down the hall, around the bar, and up a flight of stairs to an only slightly larger restroom.Another complaint is that when you strip away the luxurious accommodations you are left with nothing more than the craptacular Ultrastar of yore. That theater was a worthless piece of garbage and shares nothing in common with Cinépolis Luxury Cinemas except the fact that it used to occupy the same building. I'm sorry they didn't dynamite the fucking walls and needlessly rearrange the layout of the building so as not too remind you of the fact that a different and painfully shitty theater existed there before.Other complaints have included the time with which a server comes to your seat during a movie to take your order. In both my experiences, it never took more than ten minutes which is a goddamn quantum leap above any other option you have within a hundred mile radius. At any other theater you'll be lucky to find one stoned teenage worker with pants hanging low enough on his ass to create what appears to be dual love handles on each side of his misshapen body. He is willing to trade you a bunch of cash for some stale popcorn as long as you don't mind gazing into his atrocious acne as he loses count of the pennies he owes you in change. This is not the case at Cinépolis Luxury Cinemas where I observed what was a near one to one ratio of employees to guests. The management had clearly thrown money at the problem which is nothing short of bizarre not just in the movie theater business but in all of the hellish world of retail. What people have to complain about is beyond me. I'm sorry a fucking midget doesn't shoot out of a trap door holding reasonably priced and carb-less snack foods with free refills the moment your flabby finger touches the service button you pompous ass. C'mon people, we may live in Del Mar but good lord we don't have to act like it. This is a very decent theater.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,10/5/2011,242,85,14,13,13>Ever since I discovered this whole "Chamango" craze, I've been looking everywhere for good close spots where they sell em', and came across this hidden gem!Conveniently located next to Dream Crystals, Fruteria Copacabana is hidden right behind plaza donuts on highland...Its mexican snack heaven up in here...Everything looks delicious...They got all the good stuff I can't even spell or pronounce!  People that work here are really friendly and make you feel like family...Ordered the Chamango and I can easily say that its the best  one ive had yet...im trying the DIALBLITO next!!!  Need I mention that all the fruits and stuff they use are super fresh and sweet ;)Love this place, so close to home...Mexican candy FTW!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,9/3/2012,806,340,43,27,32>So I am hoping next year around this time...You know...I was filling out my taxes...and I marked "single" in the box.Yeah...I know it is a little late to be just starting on my taxes. I knowI know... you would do them for me. You would do anything for me.And ...That is what got me thinking.Through everything, you have been there for me.You were the one I came to when Stimy died.You were the one who was there for me when I lost my house.You were the one who I celebrated a lot of friend's birthdays and achievements with. You have alwaysbeen there. You never judged or passed judgment. You were quiet and listened and gave to me what I wanted most: time...It doesn't hurt that you are as beautiful as you are. Alluring, mysterious, seductively vixenish. You are quite the eye catcher.So...What do you say? Maybe next year I don't check "single" on my tax forms and you and I become the Mister and Misses?Lets do it. I know, I know. Crazy kid. This isn't the way it is done.It isn't. But, hell...Come on, throw caution to the wind and live a little.Like I have lived with you.Ms. Turf  Supper Club, I could spend a lifetime with you and be happy with that decision.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,9/2/2012,197,258,5,11,6>Between one yelp event and one dinner with friends, I've probably consumed the equivalent of five normal-sized meals at Davanti. This place boasts a great ambiance and great scene; the bar in particular is pretty lively. No reservations for weekend dinners as far as I know, so be prepared to wait a bit if you're here during prime dinner hours. Not everything here is perfect, but the dishes that are perfect are GENIUS.Must-orders:- Mascarpone polenta: The talk of the yelp elites since the event in December! Doesn't matter what type of ragu is served alongside it...your knees will go weak when you eat this. I brought home an order for my husband after dinner...reheats nicely in a skillet.- Focaccia di Recco: soft cow's milk cheese (with the consistency of goat cheese) sandwiched between two flattened layers of baked focaccia. UNREAL. And you must you must you MUST order the honeycomb with it. - Flatbreads: So far I've tried the D.O.C. and the Funghi e Tallegio. If you love truffle oil, you will swoon over the Funghi e Tallegio.- Lemon Tiramisu: Sooo good. They offered a strawberry version around Valentine's Day, but I don't think it matched up to the lemon. I recommend choosing a bunch of dishes and sharing, so you can taste a variety! Very reasonably priced...I don't think any one item is over $20. Four of us at dinner split five dinner items, two bottles of wine, and two desserts, and each paid under $40 with tip. AND we were stuffed. Stuffed to the point of pain, in fact. Great service too...we got lots of good recommendations and plenty of attention on a busy night.I'll be back with the hubby at some point so he can enjoy some non-reheated polenta and a few more of Davanti's dishes! I haven't spent nearly enough time in Little Italy...the challenge now will be choosing a dinner spot besides this one...ever.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/1/2012,1515,967,3,9,5>Quality for price? Um, yes please!I don't know what I was thinking but I made a good choice! My coworkers and I usually celebrate our birthdays at the restaurant of our choice. I chose Tsuruhashi because of all the good reviews, and I've studied in Japan and miss the quality of their food. The pricing is quite pricey but it's about the rate in Japan. We got everything, KOBE beef, prime rib eye, pork belly, beef tongue, family dinner size (prices went up!! $30!!, last month it was $27, and before $24, it keeps on rising, better come fast before it jacks up to $35!), kimchi fried rice, beef skirt, chicken, and a pitcher of cold Shappiro. Beer never tasted sooo good after a 12 hour work day...Meat definitely had quality. It had smaller portions, but it controls the amount you eat because it was pricey to order more! But we are working adults, we feasted. And it was expensively good feasting. Since we were celebrating my birthday, I got black sesame ice cream. You can only get that in Japanese places. If you have the dough, make it happen because you won't regret the quality of the meats here!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,8/30/2012,53,343,6,9,1>I've actually eaten here both for dinner and brunch. Dinner, the food is ok but extremely pricey. However screw that, the Sunday Brunch, omg...The Sunday Brunch is mind blowing awesome. I enjoyed it better than some of the Vegas buffets we go to.They had (only listing the impressive stuff)- Lobster Claws- Oysters- Crab Legs- Pasta Bar w/ Lobster/Crab meat- Omlette Bar w/Lobster/Crab meat- All you can drink MimosaNow, don't get me wrong, the seafood obviously isn't the high quality food that you will get at a real nice seafood restaurant, but it was better than getting Oysters at Hooters ( back in the day guys, back in the day).Pro' s- All you can eat lobster/crab/oyser? Yes please- Service was amazing! Our waiter was like the best bar buddy you could have. I don't think anyones Champagne class even got remotely near empty before she swooped in and topped it off.- A great variety of food that was all relatively goodTips- Make a reservation. The earlier the better as I noticed some people were sitting down stairs. No one wants to walk 2 flights of stairs to wait in line upstairs and then walk back down.- Come earlier, we went at 10:45, and we had our picking with everything. By the time we left around 12:45 (we pro!) the lines for stuff was getting stupid.- Costco has giftcards for SD restaurants, $75 for $100, save some money no?
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,8/29/2012,597,525,11,16,12>After my experience at Dede's this past Saturday night, I really have no idea why I would want to go anywhere else when I'm desiring Chinese. As far as I'm concerned, Dede's has set the bar. As soon as we walked through the front door, it appeared some controlled chaos was in progress. Wendy, the outgoing and knowledgeable manager, had a commanding presence, and it didn't take long to surmise that she runs a very tight ship. It shows, too. Throughout our visit, service was stellar. I never had to ask for my water glass to be refilled, and everyone seemed to anticipate in advance what we were going to need. We were both hungry; therefore, we decided to order the following with a command that we wanted all of our dishes very spicy:*Sichuan Beef -- OMG was this delicious! The beef was tender and spicy (my tongue is still tingling), and the accompanying dumplings it was served with were so tasty.*Sichuan Green Beans -- Out of this world. * Dan Dan Noodles -- MY FAVORITE! I still can't get over this dish. The peanut sauce the noodles were bathed in was amazing. I ate, and ate, and then ate some more. Skipping the Dan Dan noodles while visiting Dede's would be tragic.* Boiled Fish in Hot Sauce -- I didn't care for the resulting texture of the fish. But I should have known better. Boiled fish is extremely soft and mushy to the palate.All of that food came out to a little over $40 with tip. A bargain, indeed. Finally, I've found a restaurant that isn't afraid to spice it up. This white boy was happy and can't wait to return!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,8/28/2012,213,679,5,7,6>What a lovely surprise.Is there a country in the world without an empanada -- pastry dough around a filling?  This is the Argentine version, updated and made by an American who lived in BA.The pastry is Argentine, the fillings are his creation:  short ribs?  pulled pork?  What a great idea.  @ $2.95 each, a couple of empanadas + a soft drink runs less than $10.  Papa does a good take out business with people toting huge quantities of empanadas home to reheat -- in the oven, not the microwave, Papa advises.  6 for $15, a dozen for $29So here's what you want to be sure not to overlook:  the dessert empanada of guava and cheese.  It come piping hot with a little bowl of a syrupy concoction.  It's worth stopping by Papa's just to get the guayaba con queso.  They give the pastelitos de guayaba con queso in Miami's Little Havana a run for the money.BTW I bumped into Papa at the La Jolla Farmers Market.  Not sure if he's there every Sunday.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,8/27/2012,554,155,7,8,10>NOMNOMONM SO GOOD!!My friends and I were pretty lucky -- we found parking without any trouble, there was no line, and we didn't have to wait long for seats!  (Probably because we came on a Tuesday night around 8pm.. lol).All of my friends got the Surfin' California and were raving about how big the shrimp is and how delicious the carne asada is.  I got the Make your Own Veg burrito, which is basically choosing 4 ingredients from a list.  I chose french fries (I've never had a "California" burrito before, so this is my first!), guac, rice, and cheese.  It was pretty plain, but their salsas made it soooo goood!!!  My faves were the creamy cucumber white sauce and the mango salsa.I also got the TJ corn thing, and it was delicious!The service was okay, nothing to rave about.  I had to ask them to refill the salsas though, which was fine, but that's something they should keep an eye on.Unfortunately, I couldn't finish my huge burrito.  :(  I tried though!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,8/26/2012,343,505,7,6,7>This place is my new obsession.  It's a wonderful little store that sells all types of  herbs, salts, and of course...olive oil (even olive oil lotion for your hands, which I am thinking about going back and buying since I've been reading about the dermatological benefits of olive oil recently)!  Call me uncultured, but I had no idea that there were so many different kinds of salt!   It was super fun going around trying each flavor.  I was particularly partial to the pink one (I forgot the name)...each grain packed a punch but melted almost as soon as you tasted it.  To me, salt is just salt, though...I couldn't imagine paying more than my usual for it.Olive oil is a different story!!!  I fell in love with EVOO during the tasting.  Again, I must be uncultured as I had no idea that olive oil tasting was a thing!  We started off with regular olive oil and progressed to more exotic flavors paired with various balsamics.  Some of my favorites included the early harvest olive oil (which comes from pressing olives that haven't fully ripened, lending the oil a refreshing and grassy taste) and the garlic olive oil (very garlic-y and I figured it was perfect for cooking with instead of having to peel and mince garlic, so I bought it). The vanilla & fig balsamic was also really amazing (I was sooo tempted to buy it) and made a stunning pair with the blood orange olive oil. The woman guiding us through the tasting was so sweet and didn't pressure us at all to buy.  And why should she?  The olive oils sell themselves!  The only downside to the tasting is that you do feel kind of gross if you drink all the oil they offer you (which I didn't, but I still felt a little gross). It would have helped if they provided bread or something.  Too bad Temecula Olive Oil doesn't make or sell artisan bread.  Perhaps they could find some good foods that go well with their oils, buy them, include samples in the tastings, and sell them in stores at a markup.  I'm sure lots of people would go for it.  I definitely would have since all the random breads I have bought so far at Vons do not do the olive oils we bought justice!  Bread picking is difficult!!!TOOC also sells two pre-made olive oil and vinegar mixes: "Just Dip It" and "Just Dress it!" Both are slightly watered down compared to the company's regular olive oils (30 calories less per tablespoon too).  I loved both but my boyfriend was madly in love with "Just Dip It" so we bought a bottle.  We have eaten bread with it every day since and it is SO good.  "Just Dip It" includes balsamic vinegar, garlic, and red chili pepper flakes (adds flavor but not to the point where it's spicy).  We were told it could work as a marinade for meats as well as drizzled over salads or pastas.  "Just Dress It" has a sunnier profile, with chardonnay vinegar, sun-dried tomatoes, basil, and oregano. I see it more as something that would go on salads and may not be as versatile as Just Dip It, but I really did love it and hope to buy it next time. I could wax poetic about everything else I tried here but I think their website does a better job of explaining (plus, you get to see their seasonal flavors too, which I didn't try since some of them sounded pretty intense): temeculaoliveoil.comHere's to EVOO!!!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,8/25/2012,472,277,4,7,3>Jersey Mike's is finally open!I was surprised at the constant stream of people going in and out of the store- the coupons Jersey Mike's promoted throughout the community probably helped a lot. I already had two free sub coupons when I went prior to opening, and when I got home from Jersey Mike's, lo and behold, there was another free sub coupon (and a menu) waiting for me in the mailbox. Everything tastes fresh. Yum. And anything goes. Order off their extensive sandwich menu or create your own. What I love most about this place is that they make wraps. They will even turn a sandwich into a wrap (for the same price as a regular sandwich). You can choose white, wheat, or spinach wrap (there were more options, but the guy rattled off the choices in one breath and I couldn't remember them all). Or forget the carbs and turn your sandwich into a salad.There is no doubt this deli is going to thrive. They have over the top service- my order was put together by four different guys, and they were all super friendly and upbeat. It was only my first visit, and they made me feel like a long-time friend. I cry tears of joy whenever I think about how Jersey Mike's is only one block away from where I live.Guy #1: "Hey, ask Angela what she would like in her wrap."Evan: "Hi, Angela. I'm Evan. It's really nice to meet you. What can I get you?"I give Evan my order.Evan: "See you again soon!"You have no idea.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,8/24/2012,256,133,19,13,8>I bet you didn't know there was a 905 freeway in San Diego.  Well, there is!  And this is where you will find Beyer Deli, right off of it....just keep going south...farther....farther...if you see penguins, you have gone too far, but not by much.I tried Beyer Deli because it was trending on SD's Yelp...and I didn't have a lot to do...so I made the drive and just kept on driving!  I had to see what all the fuss was about....every single person had given this place five stars!  I can tell you,  Beyer is AWESOME...and Yelp did its job!  It got me to try a new area (an area I would like to call South Southern San Diego South).  First of all, the owners are genuinely nice.  They took the time to actually GET TO KNOW ME and were happy to hear that I drove down just to see their deli.  They even paid for my sandwich as a thank you!  Talk about southern hospitality (because...it's so far south, you see.  It's not funny if I need to explain my "jokes").The food was totally worth the drive, too.  I ordered a turkey and avocado sandwich, and couldn't finish it.  It was GIGANTIC and delicious!  I wish, wish, wish this place was actually in San Diego and not South Southern San Diego South...but if I ever have time, I'll go back.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,5/6/2012,123,368,21,20,20>Aw man. Of all the times I've eaten here at Bonnie Jean's since my arrival in Daygo I haven't written a review yet. Man, I'm slippin' in my pimpin'!I was born and raised below the Mason-Dixon line in them Georgia backwoods if you can't tell by now. Growing up in the Deep South, I know a thing or two (or three...perhaps four...maybe five...quite possibly six....you get the idea) of some good old soul food. I remember the good old days when my grandmother (R.I.P.) used to slap me upside the head or whip my @$$ to the white meat when I complained about this type of food when I was younger, but now I appreciate it much more since I seldomly see my family anymore (seven years and counting).Well this place is legit. The layout and setup instantly reminded me of home with the African inspired art and portraits of famous African-American figures. Kind of like my grandmother's kitchen. Yes it is located in a less desirable neighborhood, but to me that just means that this restaurant is that more authentic in my book. All of the soul food joints down south (by south I mean the Southern United States, not Tijuana) are located in the ghetto. And of course the ghetto in the south is emposed almost entirely of black folks.With the exception of breakfast items, I have eaten almost everything on the menu numerous times and the food is great. Only thing missing in the collard greens are the hamhocks or ox tails. And I don't particularly care about the jalapeno flavored cornbread. Regular cornbread is my preference because that is what I grew up eating. Pretty much everything here is five star concerning Soul Food authenticity.Service is sometimes hit or miss though. I totally understand how it is cooking and preparing soul food from scratch. It's not as fast or as convenient as your neighborhood taco shop. So although it may take a while to receive your food, just know that it will taste better instead of someone being careless and doing an absolute rush job. That is why they have board games here to provide some source of entertainment while you are waiting. (well if you showed up alone then you're SOL).I just wish there were more soul food restaurants here in San Diego. I haven't had the breakfast here but the rest of the grub is delicious! I always end up gaining the "itis" after eating here. urbandictionary.com/defi…
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,5/5/2012,827,98,18,22,18>De-lish-ous.And reviewing this place is like adding extra pepperoni to a meatlovers.  Will it really make a difference?  Maybe, but in the whole scheme of things, the reputation that Hodads has created for itself has taken on a life of its own.  I ordered the pastrami burger with a group of friends.  The pastrami burger was really good, but if I had to do it again, I would order the bacon cheeseburger.  The good old American classic.  The onion rings are good.  The fries are better!Seriously, this burger is everything you want it to be.  Heaven.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,5/4/2012,4994,169,23,21,16>Salsa, Salsa, Salsa...and fish tacos on Tuesday and Thursday.I haven't found a better place to have amazing salsa.  They have a large salsa bar, and actually make the salsa fresh each day.  If you like hot sauce, this is where you need to go.  They have a delicious home made Habanero salsa...so good!Every Tuesday and Thursday they have specials on Fish Tacos.  I enjoyed the fish tacos, but I can tell you that my main focus when I go here is to have Habanero salsa with a nice bowl of chips.*Funny story...Please don't let this comment stop you from going to have your fish tacos and habanero salsa, but I had to include this because I thought it was pretty funny...So, I was sitting there enjoying my fiery habanero salsa when I watched the only fly in the restaurant head toward my table.  My meal was over and all I had left was a half a bowl of salsa, so I didn't really make any effort to stop the fly from what soon would be his own suicide mission.  I tracked him as he slowly came in for a landing on a nice chunk of salsa and within one second he stopped moving, rolled over and never moved again.  I guess the fly finally met his match.  Talk about some serious salsa.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,5/2/2012,741,244,14,12,11>I've just moved to Hillcrest and still trying to find a new dive bar that we can call home.  I walked passed #1 several times and never really noticed it.  My Hunny & I decided to go out for a drink but he's all, " I don't want to go to no gay bar with gay drinks."   I said, #1 Bar looks straight, let's go there.  We walk in and was greeted by a friendly bear, "Hey there Handsome, what can I get you and your lady?"   We ordered our Rum & Cokes and Mr. Bear went to town...um nothing gay about that that pour.  Let's just say there was a splash of coke with our rum!   The prices were aight, and we grabbed our drinks and headed to the back patio.  We had a really good time and met some really nice guys.  Hunny wasn't traumatized and I was proud of him for being a good sport.  He did ask what I thought those big ol' tractor seats in the boxes were all  about, but I was stumped on that one.  Loved this place and the bartenders are on fire!!!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,5/1/2012,333,220,8,9,9>You ever long for the days of school field trips?  OK, maybe the "traditional" field trip days are over but how about one that's fueled by margaritas and impulse buys?  Well, if you said "YES" I recommend stopping by Old Town for the day!You literally step back in the time when the FIRST Europeans settled in San Diego!During your jaunt through town you'll bump into small museums, petting zoos and historical buildings.  This town ALSO has live entertainment like: pan flute music, mariachis, and people selling you marked up items in period attire...it really makes for a fun day! The McCoy House is a MUST SEE!  I like lady manikin whose been desperately trying to sell 1 scarf for the last 20 yrs.  The historic town was...cute.  It has a wide array of shops such as:The boot and cowboy hat shopCandy StoreHot Sauce storeThings made outta Gords storeTile placeCold Root Beer placeIce cream placeAnother candy storeCool artsy kinda place out door tourist trap junkTons of "Day of the Dead" stuffMagic shopPlenty of opportunities to buy churros1001 restaurants Along this journey through "Old Town" you'll have plenty of photo opportunities to document the life and times of these European settlers...and YOU buying junk food and "I WALKED MY FEET OFF IN OLD TOWN" T-shirts.I give Old Town 7 "European Settling Sell Outs" outta 10
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,4/30/2012,285,281,11,11,13>"A whop bop-a-lu a whop bam boo."  Mario must have had the lyrics to Tutti frutti in mind when he created this Dadaist heaven!  After a very professional meeting at the County HHSA Building, my work husband, Eric, suggested that we stop by Hancock Street Café so Melissa and I could meet Mario, sample some of his famous thin-crust pizza and check out the art.  On the front sidewalk a large Christmas tree was decked out to the nines, with old-fashioned popcorn garlands, a welcome treat to a fleet of sparrows and finches bee-bopping about.  An empty television case hovered nearby, in case you never got that big moment, and wanted to step inside to tell your friends you've been on TV.Once we walked inside, the place seemed like any other funky coffee joint blaring jazz and soul, but with a Willy-Wonka-ish grin, Mario dashed the curtain aside and we had been transported to Marcel Duchamp's Jazzland.  The café inside is filled with funky artifacts, cultural remnants and musical instruments.  But the real treat awaits you on the back patio, where you're greeted by part of the Rat Pack, Marilyn Monroe and Elvis Presley.   There's toilets painted up into flower-pots, clean and funky couches and stuffed animals strung up by their necks.  Flags, apropos to a used-car lot criss-cross the breezeway.  Mario, the chef/owner/entertainer, has a wipe-board up in the front with a few items for the day, but after talking with us, he decided that Eric and I should share a bacon-spinach pizza, and he made up cabbage-rolls for Melissa.  While he cooked, he opened the window from the kitchen to the patio to talk with us, putting on outrageously sized glasses to sing a few lines from a 50s song, and even put a pot on his head and pretended to be Chinese.  (Disclaimer - As a part Asian-American, I'm cognizant of racially tinged slurs, and I knew that Mario was just trying to be silly, he has an innate kindness to him and I know he meant nothing racially-tinged by it.  It was just funny and ridiculous, like something that crazy uncle of yours would do who had too much fun in the 60s.)The place was so madcap, I had no idea what to expect of the food - but it was quite good.  Our pizza had thick slices of tasty bacon, and just the right mix of spinach, cheese and sauce.  The pizza crust had a nice crisp edge to it.  Melissa enjoyed her cabbage rolls. When it was time to leave, Mario was all smiles, and wouldn't let us pay more than $6 a person, even though we all had beverages too.  I managed to slip him a few extra dollars for a tip, along with the promise to come back.  Can't wait to bring Chun P. and the Yelp Family along next time.  This is one original place in San Diego you just can't miss!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,4/29/2012,176,536,10,11,12>Whoa baby the Chocolate croissant is to die for!  All the croissants for that matter!  The best croissants in san diego for sure.  Light, crispy, buttery, and flakey come to mind.  also the Cowboy cookie rocks, its like a snicker doodle with coconut, pecans, and chocolate chips!  So good!  the whole bakery section in fact is just lights out!Pear danish, amazing especially since i don't like cooked fruit.  To get me to like something that i don't like eating, thats just a whole other level!Got the Italian loaf, so soft with just the right amount of chew to it.  So good, makes some awesome hoagies and sandwiches at home! and if you have a panini grill, Watch out, you are going to be a panini god!Herb bread is good too, foccacia taste but in baguette form.You can really taste the love that goes into the bake goods.  The breads here have boosted them to the top of my list as my favorite bakery.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,4/28/2012,215,78,7,13,13>Hands down, the best part about this donut shop is the sweet lady behind the counter!I came here for the first time today and was immediately faced with the day's toughest inner debate.  Old fashioned donuts with glaze:  original or chocolate?  Because I was allowing myself only one.Meanwhile, the customer ahead of me was getting ready to pay for her order with her card, until the lady behind the counter apologized and said they don't accept cards.  She then told the customer that she can pay next time.  And she was smiling and said it like it was no big deal.Seriously?  Someone give this lady an award!  She was so refreshingly kind and trusting and is so, so deserving of every ounce of patronage she can accommodate.  Everyone, just come here for your donut needs!  (Thankfully, the customer had cash in her car and returned immediately to pay for her donuts.  I love it when people still live by the honor system.)Yes, the donuts are good.  They are of a solid, mom-and-pop-shop texture and taste, and if you buy a dozen, they will be messily piled on top of each other in one of those dependable, pink boxes.  No neatly-arranged donuts need apply.If I can help it, I'm definitely buying my donuts here from now on.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,4/27/2012,176,439,9,15,12>"Vietnamese and Japanese fusion" is a very unlikely combination. I've always been wary of Asian fusion restaurants - no more! The complimentary salad was so obscenely good, I even told the server that I thought so. The salad consisted of homemade tofu and fresh greens drizzled with a light passion fruit dressing.I ordered the hainan "chicken" pot. The mock meat was sizzling over a bed of multigrain rice. Delicious! The meal ended with a scoop of strawberry ice cream.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,4/26/2012,422,254,8,9,7>I love the Old Globe Theater! My first time seeing a professional play was at the Old Globe and it was certainly not my last, thankfully. Located right in the middle of San Diego's beautiful Balboa Park, this would make an impressive date destination. And that is exactly what my boyfriend did; he capitalized on this gem and took me here to see several play productions that I would never forget. And look where we are now 9 months later, happy as can be. HINT HINT: Take that pretty girl to watch a play here fellas! I have to say when coming here to watch a play, he and I were undeniably the only Asians in that theater. The only Asians and the only ones under 30 most likely. It is really unfortunate that the younger folks do not come watch a play during their leisurely time. It's all about the video games and the mall now. But not for me! Maybe I'm old at heart... I'd like to all it "mature". Anyway, the ticket booth assistants are really quick and organized (ticket booth located to the left of the theater). Once inside the theater, you will be greeted by really nice staff members. Show them your ticket and they will guide you towards your seat.Be warned: Absolutely NO CAMERAS. My bf tried taking a picture of us inside the theater and they immediately ran over to let us know that cameras are not allowed due to copyrighted theater decorations and stage designs. They are weary of cell phones too. Another con is the fact that is it freezing inside! In the middle of Spring too. So bring a warm coat, it's always nice to dress up anyway for these types of outings.I haven't had the chance to come back in a while. Hopefully I can watch another play soon!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,1/11/2011,489,320,30,31,30>You know when people overhype movies and you suddenly have all these "high" expectations that it's just gonna be thee sh!t. Then, thereafter you walk out from watching it..utterly disappointed !!! That's sort of what went down the night I went to True North, but instead of having "high" expectations, it was the complete opposite. The negative reviews on Yelp, especially the "Douche Bag" venue comments really wasn't something I was looking forward to. I usually try to stray away from public opinions/reviews and just see and judge for myself, but curiosity always seems to get the best of me and I gave in..plus it's YELP! You people have thee BEST, HONEST, and most TRUSTWORTHY reviews right??!! Haha !So on to my story...with "low" expectations this time. I was prepared for the long @$$ line, meat-head bouncers, and Mission Impossible ID scanning gadget. Didn't  want to pay cover, so my homegirl, Lisa aka "LL" and I tried to make it there before 10. With just 3 minutes to spare we made it in the nick of time and whadya know? NO long @$$ line, the bouncer had hair and sorta smiled and greeted me, and the ID scanning thingamajigger..well, didn't really notice it since nothing about it seemed intimidating. Am I at the right venue? It was a Friday night and I hear that it's the worse time to go due to the fact it attracts the "douche bags" within the area. Well, I didn't encounter one that night. I even briefly chit-chatted with one of the bouncers near the bar, jokingly commenting him that he must love his job since all he had to do was make sure the waitresses had room to walk their tray of drinks out of the bar. The dude SMILED and nodded, "Ya" !!! OMG ! They're human after all ! It must be my LUCKY Shay Day !What I loved:1. Not overly packed or rowdy2. Fairly spacious - It was nothing like having to squeeze your way from Point A to B3. Restrooms were decent and clean4. Bartenders were on point. Again, they tend to like their DRANKS strong. More bang for my buck!5. One section had a cool area to play pool and mingle - Next time I wanna play. I'm no pro, but I tend to get quite lucky at that game6. Lighting was just right. People were still able to see and eat their food and dim enough for some intimate moments. /Tsk /tsk7. Plenty of plasma flat screens throughout the place. Future sports bar hangout to watch LAKERS win CHAMPIONSHIP yet again! Woot woot!8. Music is on point! A nice mix of new and old. Is that Salt n Pepa ? "Shoop Shoop Eh Doop..Shoop Eh Doop Shoop Eh Doop Eh Doop Eh Doop" Love the old school videos! Oh! And Lady Gaga! Hmm..that video is pretty scandalous, but then again she's known for that. Love her regardless!What I hated:I hated that I had to leave so soon, but that's another story. I also didn't get to check out the outdoor patio or the late night dancing or the food. So those are things that I'll have to review the next time I venture out here.So my initial "low expectations" turned out to be quite the opposite! True North..you're okay in my book. Maybe you've learned your lesson from previous negative reviews and straightened up your act ! Please keep it that way. I really want to see you again. =)
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,1/10/2011,227,758,21,31,30>Sundays this time of year are precious, and yesterday I decided to spend my Steelers-less Sunday checking out the Viva la Revolución exhibit at the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego.This Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego location in Little Italy--there's another location in La Jolla Village--is split between 2 buildings:  the 1100 Kettner address is housing Viva la Revolución from 18JUL2010 through 02JAN2011, and across the street the 1001 Kettner building is home to the museum's permanent collection.  I was so impressed by Viva la Revolución that I'm willing to overlook the museum's meager and entirely underwhelming permanent collection and provide a 4-star review.The quality small space at 1100 Kettner (a.k.a. the Jacobs Building) is ideal for Viva la Revolución:  it's an industrial-looking space with high ceilings, loads of natural light, and exposed ceiling pipes and rafters.  The gentlemen working the front desk were pleasant and helpful, briefly explaining the exhibit and informing me that my regular adult $10 ticket would be good for free entry into any of the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego locations during the next week.I'm big on freebie brochures, and the brochure associated with Viva la Revolución was fantastic.  The brochure states that the exhibit is "the first international museum exhibition of street art" and is especially cool because it includes a map of San Diego and indicates on the map where street art can be viewed in the city (e.g., Hillcrest Mural by Shepard Fairey on the Urban Outfitters building in Hillcrest, the mural by Os Gemeos on the side of the Horton Plaza parking garage).I was ecstatic when a museum staff member told me that no-flash photos are permitted in certain Viva la Revolución exhibit rooms.  I took advantage of this relatively rare art museum opportunity and took a few photos of my favorite pieces. Unfortunately but not surprisingly, the Bansky and Shepard Fairey portions of the exhibit were off-limits for cameras.  Most people associate Fairey with his Obama Hope poster and Bansky with his socially aware satirical screen prints and stencil graffiti technique.  Both major artists were represented well in Viva la Revolución.  Specifically, I was really impressed by the Bansky exhibit room:  the guy's work tends to be downright disturbing and extremely thought-provoking.I'm not particularly fond of contemporary art, but the street art scene has interested me ever since I snapped photos of beautiful graffiti-molested trains when I was a teenager visiting Italy.  Viva la Revolución is an exceptionally fantastic contemporary art exhibit, and I strongly suggest that you check it out if this scene or contemporary art in general interests you.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,1/9/2011,282,207,11,15,13>This place is FAB - definitely in my top 10, so good it makes me want to scream!I've been wanting to come to this place for a whole year now. Finally visited and honestly was not surprised that I loved it since all of my favorite yelpers were yelping about how good it was. Why was it so good..First off I'm money conscious and trying to be health conscious as well. I always order water when at a restaurant. Always expect the usually tappy tasting kind therefore I ask for lemon to disguise the tapiness. This place straight up give me my water with a slice of cucumber in it. Wait a second now....I thought for a sec I was somewhere tropical...but no just at a restaurant where I ordered a water ok....It was great, no tapiness what so ever. Yummy, refreshing and free!!!! Ok on to the food.. I was there with a couple of friends and we decided to share sweet potato fries. First off I had never had sweet potato in my life and was apparently missing out. The crunchy yummy goodness of those fries just got me! They also come with some dip which was also yummo but I was going crazy over the fries.For myself I ordered a chicken wrap..here I go with wraps again....this one came sliced in up nicely presented, with some tangy yogurt sauce on top. Mmmm good, I really enjoyed this dish, it was healthy but didn't taste healthy..one of those. We also ordered a steak sandwich and that was only on our table for about a minute before it was all gone. Also tried a beer. I'm not a beer drinker at all so just had a sip to try and I was pleasantly surprised, I liked it. Might have to go back just to try all the varieties. This place is an all over must. Great atmosphere, intimate (it's pretty small, but got a table right away), good location. I loved that this place has huge windows and they open up so you could literally have a table that's half outside half inside the restaurant. I also loved the tile work on the wall that displays San Diego (see pics). This place almost had me singing Empire State of Mind it felt so good, but oops I'm in San Diego...time for SD to come up with a feel good song of their own :-)
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,1/7/2011,414,404,14,15,14>Dumplings... It's one of those things that any chinese person eats.  Whether you're vegetarian, carnivore, or have any other dietary issues, there are dumplings for all.  Dumpling Inn is a good dumpling place in SD.  Yes, it's not the best and yes it can't really hold its own compared to LA but hey, we're in SD.  I'd much rather pay a little bit more for a slightly inferior dumpling than go drive 2 hours and pay $30 in gas.We ordered the XLB and the Pan Fried dumpling accompanied by the boiled pork and leek dumpling.  All three were quite tasty.  The XLB were thick skinned but had a good flavor and for the most part had a decent amount of soup still in it.  If you're in SD and don't want to drive to LA and you NEED a dumpling fix?  This place is the place to go.  I'd give it 3 stars but the 4th b/c it's competition is lacking.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,1/6/2011,656,263,19,17,20>Winner winner chicken dinner!!I believe we have a winner...my God do we have a winner. The best fried chicken I've ever had resides in Bonnie Jean's Soul Food Café. And those addicting green beans with the equally delicious Garlic Aoli...so scrumptious. I wanted to order the Mac-n-Cheese Balls but knew I'd have no room in my belly for the chicken so I passed...next time for sure though. Service was friendly, we got our food fairly quickly and were more than satisfied with our meal.Honestly, I really wish I could write a more thorough, detailed review, but dammit, I'm too full. Not gonna lie. So here goes some pics for your eye-feasting pleasure. I'll let them do the talking instead. How's that? Get yourself over there asap for some legit Soul Food!static2.px.yelpcdn.com/p…static2.px.yelpcdn.com/p…3-Piece Fried Chicken Dinner with Collard Greens and Black Eyed Peas:static3.px.yelpcdn.com/p…Deep Fried Green Beans with Garlic Aoli:static4.px.yelpcdn.com/p…In Jesus' name, Amen.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,1/4/2011,792,572,21,22,24>My friend and I did the Climbers Loop Trail on Monday as we both enjoyed the day off from work.  I'm not sure how busy it gets to climb this specific trail on the weekends, but it was not at all busy when we got here at 10:30 on this particular beautiful morning.Prior to us heading out, he warned me that the level of difficulty is high.  We hiked Cowles Mountain three weeks before this hike and I felt good about that hike, so I said let's go for it!  It was both our first time hiking Climbers Loop.When we arrived, we parked in the dirt lot of the Visitor Center parking lot and walked over a half mile to the base of the trail.  It contains seventeen switchbacks in the 1.2 mile trail; some were super easy, but others required him to help me maintain my balance at the more vertical inclines.  Good thing I invested in a really good pair of hiking shoes, traction is key!I'm so glad I brought my camera because the surroundings are so serene.  I made a few stops along the way to take it all in, it was such a beautiful day in San Diego and loved it!I enjoyed watching the hard core rock climbers doing their thing on the real deal (versus doing the fake indoor stuff).  Watching them made me nervous, I don't know if I have the guts to try it myself!  There were also some areas in the trail that were very narrow and high, not the ideal trail for those afraid of heights, it didn't bother me at all, but thought I'd mention it for those that have acrophobia.After our hike, we walked in the Visitor Center and I was very impressed with the facility. I didn't know what to expect prior to walking in, but I liked looking at the view through the complimentary telescopes in the back patio, learned about the trails and also learned about the natural habitat that is in the area....good to know these things!I will definitely find myself here again.  Cowles Mountain is a good workout, but I LOVED the scenery this trail had to offer and will probably do the Climbers Loop Trail more whenever the mood strikes for a good hike!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,1/3/2011,195,63,26,31,32>Ohhh babyyyyy !!!  Best thing I've done so far!! Wednesday 7/29/2010:I made an appointment the day before for 1pm. paid a $30 deposit over the phone and I was booked. Easy as that! Mood: excited!!  Couldn't wait to go up 13,000 ft and jump out of a perfectly good airplane! Thursday 7/30/2010:  I arrived around 12:30 for my 1 o'clock appointment. Checked in, signed and initialed and waited to get trained and suited up. (Over Intercom) For all of those who need to be trained for a tandem jump, please meet in the training area. After the very brief training session, I headed over to get suited up in a harness.As I patiently waited there for about 30 minutes waiting other skydivers come in and land. I couldn't help but notice everyone doing SOLO jumps (a lot of military guys and a few girls)! A lot of them coming in at top speed like a bat outta hell and landing safe and sound! Ohhh crap! Mood: mellow. I tend to over analyze everything and I waiting didn't help, I began to question. Mind you, I came here solo dolo, alone. Finally, I'm called up and suited up by Blake (he's the one talking in the video posted on their website and says "Jumpin' out is like putting your brain in a blender. The whole universe is like vroooooom!"). That's exactly what it felt like jumping out! More on that later... Mood: Sleepy. zzzzzShortly after, I met up with my camera/video man Ron and Instructor Sean.  Both funny, professional and chill dudes. Chopped it up a bit, then marched over to the plane with the rest of the solo jumpers. "LET'S HAVE THE BEST JUMP EVERRRRRRRR!! WOO! (High fives all around) - One diver screams to the other while boarding the plane. Mood: anxious. I'm ready to rock and roll!We get seated and packed like sardines in the Twin Otter plane. Andddd we're off! Mood: chill. Feels like a flight to Vegas. I'm chillin... Where's my free beverage and peanuts? 7,000 ft and climbing: Ron (camera man) scans the room with the handheld camcorder then points to me for a short interview:Ron: "Chris, We're half way up. How you feeling now?"Me: (looks out the window thinking...Only half way!? We're pretty high up) I'm getting nervous, I ain't even gonna lie (telling the truth)Ron: You ready to jump?Me: oh hell yes! (Sounded unsure).Ron: (not convinced) Let's do this! (Our fist connect for a pound)Mood: FOCUSED!  Up and up we go. At this point, I'm strapped in... Sean (instructor) yells out directions. He tells me what to get ready for, how it's going to be when we get up, and reminds me to put my goggles on. I nod. 10,000-12,000 ft in the air: "Door!"- Solo diver yells out. The door flings open. Mood: .... (Everything's happening so damn fast)13,000+ ft in the air: Solo skydivers are jumping out! One by one.What a crazy sight to see. I've never witness anyone jumping out of a perfectly good airplane before... while I'm in inside the plane. (Crap! Where y'all going!?)We stand up and walk in unison as we approach the door. Ron hops out and clings on to the handle out outside of the small plane. I peek out. I look down. I see my feetsies hanging out the door... I was NOT nervous until this very moment. Seeing my shoes hanging off the edge of the door 13,000 ft in the sky, I realized..."THIS SH*T JUST GOT REAL!!!!!!"Mood: ANXIOUS+CRAZY +EXCITED+I HAZ A SCARED+ WHAT THE FEEZIES!?!Next thing I know, we're out the plane and do a back flip!!I see Ron circling us capturing us do tricks in midair. (Back flips, spinning, saying what's up to the cam)Free fall was amazing! Words can not describe this feeling.  FREAKIN' BAD ASS! 5-7 minutes of a parachute ride. Then back on the ground after a soft safe landing.Mood: Speechless. What an awesome experience! Recommended for anyone who wants to face their fears.(Checks skydiving off bucket list!) DONE! I'm planning on going again early 2011! LET'S GO!Shout out to Lisa T., Chris P., and Shayne C, for inspiring me to do this.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,1/2/2011,280,432,12,15,12>"When the moon hits your eye, Like a big-a pizza pie...That's AMORE!"I've either walked or driven by this place many times, but never went in.  Read some fellow Yelp reviews, and it sounded promising, but still never made it in until now.He: What? You're going there for dinner next week?Me: yeahHe: That's not fair.Me: Okay, let's eat there tonight.We got here just before they opened.  The staff invited us in, we ordered a Côtes du Rhône, and waited in the cushy lounge.  The place is huge!  The bartender was friendly, and after a bit, told us to grab a table whenever we were ready.  We choose one by the window.To test the waters, we shared the Fettuccine al Pesto and the Penne alla Bolognese.  The string beans were a nice touch to the fettuccine, however, we felt that it changed the flavor a little.  The penne was delicious!  A nice bowl of bread and spicy marinara complimented our meal.  We kept asking our server questions about the restaurant, and he was more than happy to answer them all.  We ordered the strawberry napoleon, which was a light tasty dessert, but it was the tiramisu that I fell in love with.  Two espressos completed our evening.Giovanni: Since this is your first time, your desserts are on us."When the world seems to shine like you've had too much wineThat's AMORE!"So I went there for a friend's birthday dinner on Friday, excited that I was coming here again.  The place was crowded with all walks of life, and was loud.  If you're thinking of coming here for an intimate quiet dinner, forget it.  I ordered a Grey Goose dirty martini and it was big...just the thing after a busy week with kids...LOL!  There were seven of us and the staff was wonderful!This time around, I ordered the Pollo ai Funghi....the chicken was moist and was topped with mushrooms and sausage and a lemon rosemary sauce...very tasty!  The dish came with crispy chunks of potatoes and steamed carrots and broccoli.  The others ordered the Farfalle Vodka e Salmone, and the nights special of Salmon and spaghetti and meatballs.Me: Hey Mo, you gots some big 'ol balls there!She: Yeah...I gots me some BIG BALLS!Robby said, for her first time here, it's nice to have great Italian food in North Park without having to have to go to Little Italy.  We all agreed.   She also received a complimentary tiramisu for her birthday.  "When the stars make you drool just like a pasta fazoolThat's amore"I also think it's pretty cool when the owner comes around the table to sprinkle parmesan cheese on your dish if you want.  Now that's an owner who cares about his customers.  The place was rocking when we left.  We walked out of there happy and very satisfied. "When you dance down the street with a cloud at your feetYou're in love"
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,1/1/2011,645,258,15,22,20>What?? East County? Sushi? I was pleasantly surprised by the choices Ami Sushi had on their menu. Spicy salmon hand rolls were excellent, dynamite roll was yummy and the Vegas roll was great! Also, for as many people who were waiting I have to say service was quick. I'm not quite sure why Kevin was comparing places in Kearny Mesa. Either he was away from his local top notch sushi places or maybe he did what I once did and thought he was reviewing a different place. I could have sworn the owner told us they opened their doors in October of last year. Nevertheless our beer was cold and there was nothing soggy about our rolls Sure I would love to go to Harney's, Ono, or Japengo's but I only have myself to blame for living in East County. Seriously, once you're settled it really isn't that bad!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,12/31/2010,894,543,14,19,18>After having a job interview yesterday in San Diego the bf decided to take me out as a treat! I was pretty surprized he wanted to go to LJ strip club since usually he doesn't care too much about food. We ordered the top sirloin and the tbone, and the garlic truffle fries. All the entrees come with salad. The salad was a bit overdressed but it did come with LOTS of different veggies. Red and green bell peppers, cucumbers, tomatoes, and croutons all tossed in a sweet ranch dressing. The portion was very generous. The large bowl could have easily fed 3-4 people. So I admit, I don't really know how to bbq. I used to even eat my meat well done. Gross right? I had my bf do all the seasoning and cooking because I didn't want to ruin my steak. Knowing me I probably would have kept flipping it and then forgot about it and probably would have burnt it. They have a variety of different seasonings that you can choose before you grill your steak. You have the std steak seasoning, garlic salt, lemon pepper and some other ones too. The top sirloin comes baseball cut which means it literally is kind in the shape of a baseball. That makes it a little bit hard to cook because somehow my meat was still raw in the middle but perfectly medium on the outside. Not wanting to hurt my bf's filling, I ate around the steak and left the raw center as my leftovers so that I could regrill it. The meat quality isn't super high here compared to Ruth Chris but it's not bad for the price. The truffle fries. OMG this has to be better than McDonald's fries. Seasoned with truffle oil and parmesan cheese, then served with a caesar dipping sauce. YUM!!!! We inhaled half the plate, and they give you alot of fries too!The ambiance is pretty nice and very hip. Seems like a nice place to take a date but if your bf has a wandering eye for the waitresses in their short mini skirts and fish net stockings, you can always make sure he burns his steak :) Service: Our waitress was attentive, the water was never half empty. They even have their own parking lot which is nice. Make sure to bring your ID because this place is $21 and up. Total price for a dinner for 2: around $50.00 with tax and tip. Happiness factor right now?!!!!!!! I THINK I GOT THE JOB!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,3/18/2010,338,271,18,17,15>Your mexican! Why do you need to tan? Well, the truth is I tan to even out. I used to swim competitively and by the end of the season I had horrible tan lines. I came here for a few weeks and my tan was perfect! The staff here is super nice, the explain the whole process to you and the beds are cleaned regularly.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/9/2009,3/17/2010,415,328,13,16,15>So I came here when they first opened and have been a few times since then. The pizza has changed some what during that time. I still do not like it but I was told by my friends that there are better pizzas than the one I ate the other night. Nick and I got the margarita (his choice). The sauce was too spicy and overall the pizza was just too garlicky. This statement came from the girl who loves garlic and hot, spicy dishes. It was just too much and did not lend to the flavor of the pizza. I had one piece and passed the pizza down the table to give away to my fellow yelpers. What I do LOVE about this place is the beer selection. I always am finding a new favorite beer here. They definitely have a great selection of craft beer! I also like the atmosphere. It's a small space but there was room for the large group we had the other night without feeling crowded. I definitely think it's a great place for the neighborhood because I have seen children in there while their parents are having a beer and catching up with friends. I barely even noticed the kids. Normally I am not one for having little ones around while I am in drinking, but for whatever reason, this place just makes it work. BLAH is definitely a nice addition to Adams Ave., I would just like them better if I had more snuggley feelings about their pizza.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,3/16/2010,158,76,23,23,23>Nature's Express is a buffet style breakfast/lunch place in between Little Italy and Hillcrest (Bankers Hill for intimi) that sells raw, vegetarian and vegan food. In addition, they also have a drive-thru with healthy snacks like wraps, sammies and smoothies.. I stopped by here a couple of years ago and forgot about the place until last week, when I spend the day with a vegan friend. Raw snacker, vegan, vegetarian or meat-lover (I am which ever one works in my advantage), their food is very tasty and I think the drive-thru is a great initiative. With buffets, I like to try everything that I don't know so luckily they have a height and plate size limit. You can choose for a tiny plate ($ 3,50), medium ($7) or large ($ 14).  My stomach was bigger than my eyes this time so I choose the medium (which is in theory very very tiny if you're used to McRipOff or something) and went back once. I craved more seaweed.They have a salad bar, a raw bar with stuff like cucumber/avocado salads, seaweed salads, raw vegetables, hummus, guacemole and a bar with warm dishes like teriyaki fake chicken, peanut butter tempeh (that one is my fave), soups and sauteed dishes. They also have stuff on the go (wraps etc.), a variety of bagels and smoothies and vegan desserts. It was apparently a very stupid question to ask where vegan desserts are made of, but I can always hide myself behind my hair color. I had a bite of the blueberry cake and it was admittedly tasty.While snacking our food in their patio, I discussed the latest unlucky dating experiences from my friend. She only dates other vegans, and they must be taller than her: anyone below 6'0 can forget about it. It's a no-no to mix up the possessive your and you're in text messages. And since she is beautiful, I assume they also need to be decent looking. I told her all this limits her pool a weeeeny bit, so suggested to maybe swim outside of this pool but no... they can drown.Nature's Express might be a tiny bit more expensive than regular food but I assume that the whole non-cooking process of raw food is slightly more labor intensive (hence more expensive) than cooking your food. If you're vegan you're used to paying more for your food all the time anyway (so no shock here), and if you're not vegan and eat here every once in a while, then don't bitch about the prices. Being good for mother Earth has a price. You can compensate it with cheap five dollar foot longs with roast beef and chicken nuggets at KFC on other days and vegans can't. Respect for the less fortunate on this planet.There are also people only eating raw foods (not just sticks in Hollywood), which is even harder to follow than vegan diets. These people believe that every food prepared above a certain temperature is evil, so they only eat food prepared that hasn't been cooked (such as the raw bar at this place). Good grief. Must be exhausting to drag your cooling box and tupper ware all the time because there are not many places that serve this needs, especially not if you're a raw vegan (if that exists?) because then you can't eat raw fish/meat like sashimi, dairy etc. either. If you're a hardcore steak lover you might be scared off by this place, but for anyone else this is a great healthy place to eat. I even brought meat lovers here that actually liked their food, just step outside your bubble once and give it a try. The staff is very friendly as well and there are flyers with more info where your steak comes from near the restroom in case you are ready to make the step to herbivore land. I won't, but that doesn't make this food less tasty. Makes you very happy too that you are not a real vegetarian/vegan/raw lover but just an occasional enjoy-er, because besides the hassle it would also cost you so much more money.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,3/15/2010,804,248,16,26,22>I'm an absolute fan of rooftop bars/lounges and overall, Altitude does not disappoint. It provides a grand view of the bay and Coronado Bridge. You can see right into the field of Petco Park so you can image how awesome it would be to be up here when a game is going on. It's a little on the smaller end and just has one big fire pit, a few lounge seatings and some chairs along the side facing the panoramic view. I've only been here once for a drink, during happy hour, before we decided to head downstairs to have dinner at Soleil K. I think I short changed my experience by having my back turned, and selecting to sit on the of a table that directly was facing the bar. But it did give me an indication that this place does double up on the weekends as a nightclub, just by the makeup of the bar's backdrop. In truth, it probably deserves more of a 3.75 stars since it did seem a little less loungy than I was hoping for. Then again, it could be my own fault by choosing to sit where we did. So I'm going to have to make it a point to come back out in the latter part of Spring, after the Padres have once again lost to the Dodgers, to sip on a celebratory drink while I sit and enjoy that gorgeous San Diego skyline. I can't wait!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,3/14/2010,620,1444,40,28,41>A   ffirms San Diego as the sunshine cityB   odacious turkey & avocado sandwich on Rosemary Sage bread S   PECTACULAR ocean-viewO   nly the most awe-inspiring view of the La Jolla coastlineL   ow 70s in the middle of winter? Oh hi San DiegoU   nderwear optional (Black's Beach is "steps" away)T   he best ocean-view lunch in San Diego? Quite possiblyE   leven bucks for a sandwich and iced tea? Worth every pennyL   ovely for lunch, spectacular for brunchY   ou will discover the Fountain of Youth hereS   ee gliders take offT   ake her here after an argument; she'll forgive you, I PROMISEU   p on a cliff, a casual but memorable lunch awaits (no frills)N   arcissus doesn't mean vanity nor is it a flower; it means divine love and it's captured hereN   ew York? Chicago? Why? San Diego is the place to beI    mpress guests and dates at Cliff Hanger CafeN   umb from the dullness of city life? Rediscover Mother Nature hereG   rilled, gourmet sandwiches. Small but delicious nonetheless. I've found love =)** "Absolutely Stunning" describes everything except the herd of gross, naked men walking around Black's Beach.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,3/13/2010,765,361,60,39,29>For men I'm sure this place brings the fantasy of jacking off and watching porn to a WHOOOLE new and unimaginable level of pleasure...a live porn private show if you will. $10 for the booth, $10 for the girl. I believe the duration is about 5 minutes for that amount of money (?) but don't quote me on that. Dipped in to the "theater" for a quick second and I swear I saw Pee Wee Herman in there. Jacking off in a theater filled with other skeezers is not quite my cup of tea, but to each his own.There was quite an abundance of parodied videos for your jacking [viewing] pleasure. From "This ain't Seinfeld" to The Office, to Scrubs, etc. they have quite the selection. Call me crazy, but I'd rather not watch adult film stars who resemble the cast of Seinfeld when in a place like this or trying to jack off, but again, I'm sure I'm not their target clientele.Perhaps because I'm a "lady" (ha ha) my standards are higher than the average man, but the smell of bleach that resonated in the hallways coupled with the man wheeling around a mop from room to room was a bit of a boner kill for me. On the positive side, at least you can rest assured that your biznass gets cleaned up pronto and you won't have to worry about stepping into a sticky icky mess...I imagine this place would get a guy a lot more "bang for their buck" (literally haha) than a strip club, because for the 20 bucks that would allow you to get a 2 and a half minute lap dance from a chick in a bikini you get a live porn show in an enclosed private area and can simultaneously pleasure yourself.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2009,3/12/2010,306,288,16,16,16>Sheeeee-it, guess I don't get to be a first reviewer any goddamned more . . .!!!Ok so I wanted to hump Lefty's 'za for many moons and now that they have a bigger second locale that's even closer to mi casa, I am literally fucking overjoyed.Got a chance to try out some of the flat pepperoni slices t'night and was pleasantly surprised by how little went wrong for how relatively new it is, like nothing went wrong in fact. Zero, zilch, nada.Dough was as great as always, simple, cheesy goodness. Lots of seats compared to this first spot which is hot and heavy every single night.Super Dave was in, love that man, the most awesome hard working owner evarrrrrrrrr.I could hump this pizza too, which means I'll have 2 spots in town to hump now, sweeeeeeet. Call them up if you've never tried it and pick up your own if you feel like eating all that tastiness alone, in the comfort of your own living room. But if you don't and want to be social, this spot is as good as any and if you or your boy/girl likes sports, they got lots of tely's too.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2009,3/11/2010,792,572,23,27,25>I give props to this joint for opening up in suburbia Eastlake when a lot of homes in this neighborhood are left empty due to foreclosures.  It's about fifteen minutes away from my home, but I don't know if I'd ever randomly call my friends and say "Hey!  Let's go to Eastlake Tavern and Bowl!!!"  I'm single and don't have any kiddies of my own yet, but this place has a mad litter of them.  I love kids, but I don't know if I'd like to mix up my evening social activities with tweens and in Eastlake for that matter.I was here last night for the first time and the first thing I noticed was the huge bar.  That alone will have me drink up there than at neighboring Brew House (where their service sucks!!) when I want to stay local.They have a cool concept of having plasma TV's everywhere along with a DJ spinning on the weekends, but again, it's in suburbia.  For someone that likes to party it up in places other than Eastlake, I might find myself here again to meet some friends for a drink, but I'd be weary of the kids that use the bathroom and don't wash their hands...yes, that was witnessed twice with my own eyes.  Can we say H1N1-aphobe?
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,3/10/2010,587,1463,12,18,14>What can I say about a company that delivers on their promises and exceeds expectations ? Absolutely nothing but good things. Now usually Im not a guy that would normally do the whole downtown club hopping scene, especially in a party bus but when youre surrounded by fun people and you yourself are having a good time then the 5 star rating is certainly justified.We were bussed around, wherever we wanted to go. There was plenty of booze inside and the driver never bitched and moaned about anything. The sound system was pretty loud with booming bass and sounded very much like a small club. I liked the fact that he cleaned up after we stopped off so that when we got back onto the bus, it was back in order. Meaning no cups, napkins or trash everywhere. Not that we made a mess but it was a nice touch.I would definitely recommend these guys if you and your friends ever have the need for a mobile party bus. No risk of a DUI is incentive enough for me.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,3/9/2010,237,255,20,20,21>i use to hate on wine a lot because it put me to sleep but apparently it didn't happen that night. surprisingly two drinks in i was feeling greeeat - which probably affects my overall mood when writing this review.now, i've had a lot of reds before - both good and bad, and at this stage in my life i usually don't care as long as it tastes decent. i tried out the 'twisted sisters' and blended something something. both good, but not enough to keep me from experimenting with all that they have to offer.anyhow, wine steals definitely has a nice vibe to it. the seating arrangements are welcoming - perfect for mingling. since i came here after dinner, i didn't get a chance to try out their pizza/bread + cheese/fruit/spread combos. it did look appetizing though.note: i got cougar approached by both genders, so i'd beware if you're not okay with diffusing that.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,7/23/2013,293,256,5,14,5>Holy cow, it took longer than I'd like to receive our order of oysters: 40 minutes to be exact! But fortunately, well worth the wait. I think it may have been a fluke that we were waiting that long because the waitress brought an apologetic basket of fries around the 30 minute mark. Those were pretty deng tasty too, but that could've been because of my lightheaded-ness from hunger. We ordered the OVEN-BAKED OYSTERS and Oysters on the Half Shell. Both were STUPENDOUS! Loved the oven-baked oysters with the oyster swimming it its juices and topped with bacon bits and mushrooms. First time ever having oysters cooked and it was a show-stopper. Almost cracked a tooth on one of the shell pieces that somehow got into my oyster... but worth it! It was that good. (Thank God that I didn't though!) The raw oysters were great too. With just a squeeze of lemon. Wish they had tabasco but my boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed it with the pickled serrano peppers they had there. Too spicy for moi! FRIENDLY TIP: If this is your first time there, you order at the counter in the middle of the bar and then seat yourself. I was standing quite awkwardly at the front until I asked one of the servers how to go about this place. :P
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,7/22/2013,65,282,19,7,8>All we wanted to do was sing karaoke, so we walked a few blocks down the street from my coworker's apartment to this little gem, errr tanzanite in the rough to be specific. It was packed, and unless you get there ridonkulously early, you apparently have no shot at singing. That is, unless you shamelessly ask the girl singing alone on stage if she'd like back up dancers. Of course, she said yes. Who would be so rude as to deny such a request? Probably the same people who would be so rude as to intrude on someone's 15 minutes on stage at The Lamplighter. Thankfully, it was not us who were being asked this question. So, we hopped on stage and did our thang. Now here's where my story differs from my coworker's. Here's my side: the girl who was singing handed me her mike at some point. I'm thinking, "Oh, you don't want to sing anymore? Weird. But, I'll take it." So my coworkers and I flexed our vocal chords and kept the tunes going. Then, the karaoke peeps handed the girl another mike and we all sang together. Now here's my coworker's story that came out when we re-hashed the next day: I allegedly grabbed the mike out of the girl's hand. Then the karaoke peeps handed her another mike and turned ours off. Key word, allegedly.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,7/21/2013,63,142,3,8,6>Wow!  Okay.  This place deserves my rarely distributed five star rating. First of all, great customer service.  Do not be intimidated by a line out the door- it moves very fast! When I ordered the gluten free chocolate chip cookies, the man asked if he needed me to change his gloves before handling for cross-contamination of the gluten.  WHAT!  It  blew my mind that they would be so knowledgable of Celiac disease and the sensitivity.  No restaurant had ever paid that close attention.  I told him that I'm only sensitive, not intolerant so it was not necessary, but praised him for his awareness.  He also gave us a tip on their vegan items, too.  Very nice people!The ice cream tastes extraordinarily creamy.  It's a mystery what it is that makes it so smooth and thick.  Almost as sweet and buttery as goat milk!  The cookies are PERFECT.  They are so soft and gooey... oh... and lightly salted to make an orgasmic salty/sweet combination.  The cookie is the perfect texture to bite into with the ice cream.  Malleable, but not crumbly and dissolving.  I have yet to try the brownie and waffles.  What impressed me about the waffles is that they grill them right before they hand you your sandwich with the ice cream still in it.  They place them neatly on the grill so they don't make a mess.  Clever!  I will without a doubt come back and try every menu item.  I can afford to, considering the beautifully cheap price of everything!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,7/20/2013,224,131,4,6,4>What's not to love?  Basic hearty breakfasts served up the Chinese grandparents you didn't even know you had at unbelievably affordable prices in the city during these times...  YES please.  This place is definitely a place the locals go.  From the exterior to the interior of the restaurant, one could mistake this place for a Chinese restaurant and not an all American diner.  Come in, plop down in a stool, be patient and don't get que fancy with order.  Order what's on the menu and please try and be patient.  He saw you come in, and he'll get to you as soon as he can.  It's a one man show and that's how he's able to keep his prices so low for you.  Enjoy!~
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,7/19/2013,313,233,8,7,4>Amazing tamales for $2 a pop or 6/$10. Uh, I'm gonna get fat. Pepe's has opened up shop next to the salon I work at and I can't stop eating them. I think the address is 2518 University ave... In any case, if you're in North Park, drive down University and they have a tent set up in between Arizona and Hamilton. The tamales are fresh and sooooo... Delicious. I've had the chicken, the spinach and cheese, and my favorite-PINEAPPLE! I think I saw heaven when I ate that one. Check it out for a quick meal to take home. You'll be super happy!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/18/2013,128,123,5,9,6>I love you carnitas snack shack! I tried the triple pork sandwich, steak sandwich, carnitas tacos, their daily special cuban pork sandwich, pork belly appetizer and seasoned fries. All were delicious! My favorite was the triple pork sandwich.  3 pork type paired well together and the pork meat all come together with their spread they used! It wasn't too dry and it wasn't too greasy, it was perfect for me and I can't wait to come back.  I love their pork belly appetizer, but I feel too guilty to finish that alone, that's why when I come with a friend , I would order it to share.  I like the fact that the pork belly appetizer came with a side of apple salad, paired really well with pork app. Keep up the good work carnitas snack shack! next time I'll come back to maybe try their dessert.P.S. The huge pig on the top of the roof is awesome.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,7/17/2013,853,525,10,13,10>Tacos & Beer. That's why I'm here.A decent selection of brews and a much wider variety than the typical taco shop, with several choices on tap and several glass fridge doors displaying bottled beers. Some might think they're overstocked in general. Some HH specials could be coming to help promote their apocalyptic stockpile of beers and move some inventory.The restaurant space has a wide open layout to easily accommodate a large group and to watch sporting events on the flatscreen tv's. We sat at the countertop bar area and the cashier gal was friendly and conversational, checking up on us occasionally, but I think it was more just a matter of us being seated near the cash register and kitchen area. We wouldn't have expected the same personal attention if we were seated at a table across the room.Let's talk tacos because they have many to choose from. Maybe too many? Nope. We tried a plethora of mini street tacos for our weekday lunch:Birria - good char from the grill. Some uninitiated might mistake it for carne asada. Hot Links - missing the distinct casing snap. interesting, but not more than that Dos Equis guy. Pastor - ok, not the best/worst I've ever had. Pastrami - say what? curiously tasty Potaco - meh breakfast o'brien tater cubes. Shrimp - ok. didn't care for the sauceShredded Beef - savoryShredded Pork - tender. I'd pass on the sweet bbq sauce next timeVeggie - stacked: rice, beans, cheese, guac, pico, cremaPics or it didn't happen? Too many to link. You know where to find them.Kudos for portioning. It's ample to split an order between the two mini corn tortillas. We were able to share enough bites from our sampler platter of snacks for a reasonable price. The reddish orange (¿chipotle?) salsa was good and smoky, with a bit of front end spiciness and mellow heat, without that overwhelming or lingering afterburn.The food is okay at Don Diego's. I appreciate the chance to explore menu options and wrap it in a tortilla. My only issue is that they have a broad range of average items that it seems difficult to focus on an exceptional standout dish.We're SoCal spoiled to have so many Mexi-eateries available. Heck, there are ay least five taco shops within a mile radius, but DDTB looks like a contender for that casual neighborhood spot that wants you to stop in, relax, and stay awhile.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,7/16/2013,174,212,7,11,5>The good: hip burger joint in University City, 2 seconds from my house - WHAT?! Cool interior, a huge variety of brews on tap - most are local beers. The Hef is a good choice - I like my light, wheaty beers. :) Burgers are decently priced and are better than average. I had the Maui Wowi and although it did not "wow" me, I thought it was an interesting combination, with a pineapple jalapeno relish, havarti cheese and bacon! Yum. The ... kinks to be sorted out: when someone asks for a medium burger, please don't return it to them well-done! The food took a long time to come, so I didn't want to waste even more time being fussy with my order, but the beef patty was pretty dry. I was also walking to the bathroom when I walk by the kitchen and one of the male waiters was telling another male waiter to give something "to the hot girl over there." I get this is how guys speak, but PLEASE, you're working...and customers can hear you.Overall, I'd come back to try the other burgers on the menu.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,7/15/2013,129,187,10,11,8>I have a confession.  I am a man and I love brunch....I love it much more than most dinner food.  Some may say that it's girly but as Marshall from How I Met Your Mother says..."There's nothing girly about breakfast....there's nothing girly about lunch.  So why is brunch girly?"  I write this here because I told myself that if I found a new favorite brunch place I would write a yelp review on their page with that quote.  I love it love love it.I love how this place is located in a house and even inside the restaurant has almost different rooms in it.  Despite being small, the seating area (where we were anyway) was very spacious and had ample natural lighting.  All it needed was a fireplace and a fuzzy rug and it would've been slow morning bliss.I cannot explain with my limited vocabulary and creative writing skills how good the food I was able to try here was.  I ordered the chilaquiles (red sauce with chorizos) and was blown away by the perfect amount of spiciness and flavoring it had.  The tortilla strips were in the perfect place between soggy and crunchy.  I expected to throw some tapatio on top of that bad boy but after I had finished all of it, I had to apologize to the bottle for getting his hopes up.  My fiance ordered the the southwest crab cakes benedict and that was also good....not chilaquiles good but still delicious.For brunch I never order sweet things although I always want some sweets to go along with my savory dishes.  I was able to sample some of the lemon ricotta pancakes and the blue cornmeal flapjacks and I was almost jealous that I didn't order them myself.  Both were very flavorful and not too sweet.  Despite being the "plain" pancake, the blue cornmeal flapjacks had some decent flavoring and almost didn't need the syrup.  Both were extremely fluffy yet had some crisp on the outside (my idea of a great pancake).Unlike Marshal from HIMYM, I likely won't try to brunch by myself here every weekend although I can't make any guarantees.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,7/14/2013,261,255,4,7,9>I came to Searsucker a few months ago to enjoy some drinks and company with friends however I couldn't justify writing a review on just the drinks I knew that I had to try their eats.I am loving the atmosphere of this place.  Very industrial modern decor or in other words as if you are shopping at West Elm.  Malarky's restaurants seem to all have some sort of intricate design which make the dining experience very pleasing to the eye.I made reservations a week in advance since I figured this trendy restaurant that is located in the heart of Gaslamp gets pretty busy especially on a Friday night.  There were only 2 available slots for dinner for 2 for 6:30PM and then another for 9PM!!  If you do decide to dine here make reservations ASAP.The fiance and I started with the cheddar puffers, crab cake, and duck fat fries.  The cheddar puffers were complimentary.  Very light and airy with the cheddar flavor.  It tasted like a cream puff without the cream but a slight cheddar flavor instead.  The crab cake was probably one of the best crab cakes I've had in my life.  No joke.  None of that fried crab cake blah blah blah.....Searsucker's crab cake was baked, delicious, and just so much mouth watering crab in your mouth and then you're finished off with just a slight kick of that tobasco flavor.  Just PERFECTION.  I would come back solely for the crab cake.  Duck fat fries.....just your steak fries with an after taste of duck.  It tasted like I was munching on french fries that tasted like a turkey leg?  I really enjoyed it though.  For our entrees I ordered the flat iron steak and the fiance ordered the scallops.  The flat iron steak came with a chimichurri and bearnaise sauce.  The server told us that some of the entrees only come with just the meat and other entrees come with a salad or potatoes etc....so I ended up ordering a caesar salad as well with my steak because I felt like I needed the extra ruffage.  The server was really informative and helpful and offered her suggestions on what salads to order.  When my steak came out it was  topped with shoestring onion rings and arugula.  From how the server was explaining it I really thought I was just going to get a slab of meat topped with some sauce.  Perhaps I should have looked at some Yelp food photos prior to my order or tried the loin with the lobster butter and cognac (this one just sounded FANCY).  Although the steak was seasoned and cooked well and was pretty flavorful  I just wasn't too crazy for my entree.  I think I enjoyed their caesar salad more than my entree which came with a poached egg, anchovies, and a balsamic reduction.  The fiancee's entree was a surf and turf combination and came with 3 or 4 large scallops and a corned beef and corn hash.  The scallops were sweet and buttery and just cooked to perfection then topped with this wasabi sauce.....am I in heaven?   There was almost no need for the corned beef hash.All in all this dining experience was just fantastic and I am definitely a fan after this meal.  The service was on point and the food came out promptly.  Although definitely not the place to go if you are looking for a quiet dinner since this place is quite happening.  A lot of hustle and bustle with the tons of people and very loud!  I'm coming back for that heavenly crab cake and of course to try other items on the menu.  Although a bit pricey, you are definitely paying for local quality food.    Will recommend this place to all my out of town visitors!  See you again Searsucker.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,6/10/2009,422,258,25,35,27>It's American.  It's Asian.  It's AmerAsian.Or at least, that's how it's supposed to go.  It's really more like Americanized Filipino food.  They've got your stereotypical pancit, adobo, lumpia, etc. and they rotate their selections daily.My friend and I just looked at the menu and what was in the serving trays, and kinda wondered what to order.  Fortunately, the very nice lady behind the counter was able to read our look of utter helplessness, and she came to our rescue, providing explanations of what we were looking at, and also offering to get us a sample of anything we weren't sure of.So we split an order of lumpia, and then each got a 2-item combo.  Of course, this being filipino food, they wanted to make sure we had enough, so they loaded our plates with more than we could possibly eat, unless one of us was hiding a Warner Bros Tasmanian Devil under our shirt.  They even threw in an order of their special dessert lumpia, and gave me one of the filipino sausages to try as a sample.  In this day and age, and with the economy like it is, it's a rare treat to be the recipient of such generosity!The flavor of the food itself was rather good, although it wasn't as strong as I would have expected from a filipino meal.  That's not to say that it wasn't good... it just wasn't as strongly seasoned.  Perhaps that's where the "Amer" part of the name comes in.One thing I wanted to note was that the coconut milk dish I had was wonderfully sweet.  If they have it again, I recommend trying it.  I wish I could tell you the name, but I didn't even catch it when I was being told about it the first time.All totaled, all of that food was less than $20.If you happen to be in the area, and you're looking for some decent filipino-ish food, this is certainly a reasonable option.  But don't come here expecting to be magically transported back to Manila to be surrounded by your aunties and cousins.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,6/9/2009,318,307,14,20,18>I dont understand why i gave them a three star in the first place.  Ive been coming here for years and years on end.I know almost all the workers here, from always coming down on off days and checking out some of san diego and out of towns best,  and some of the worst fucken music as well..... (the worst fucken music isnt that its bad, its just that i dont consider it my cup of tea.  but that doesnt mean i wont support them.)  The reason i love coming to Casbah is the great line-ups Tim Mays does a wonderful job making sure that every genre of music isnt left untouched.  They have Hip hop nights, folk nights, hardcore metal nights, to my favorite nights of cowpunk and ole time roots and country.  I have seen many bands on the stage of casbah.  White Stripes, Black Keys, Bartenders Bible, Danko Jones, Von Bondies, Supersuckers, Desert Diamonds, King Khan and The BBQ Show.  Many Many more that i cant list. Not to mention its depending on the bands they put on in one night, it could be a reunion show!  Take this show for example : Republic of Letters, Hotel St. George, Desert Diamonds and the Tighten Ups.  Everyone in the music scene was there including people i havent seen in forever due to break  up of bands and so on and so forth.  this is like home sweet home! Lets also not forget about The Atari Lounge is where i like to hang when im not checking out the band and shooting the shit with the bartender.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,6/8/2009,498,262,14,15,17>I can't believe I had never eaten here before! It is a super close walk from my office and the food is great. The portion for the gyro plate was humongous! If I wasn't such a fat kid it could have been a meal for two. Plates with meat run you 8 bucks and veggie plates are under 7. Next time i will get the dolmas plate. Back to the gyros plate, salad was good and authentic. I love me some kalamata olives and sure enough, there they were! Gyro meat was freshly shaved and then pressed on the grill to get some of the fat out. Pita bread was also put on the grill to heat. I was a bit skeptical of the seemingly white rice but it turned out to be delicious basmati and I spiced it up with some siracha after my return to the office. Food was served super quickly and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. I will for sure be back!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,6/7/2009,720,560,20,20,21>Saturday afternoon - need to grab something to eat before going out for the night and we  decided on Bread and Cie since we wanted to bring Apricot. Dogs have always been allowed in the patio area in Bread and Cie since we meet friends their for coffee and roll once in a while on early Sat or Sun after they just opened.This time we wanted to visit on an afternoon when the crowds might be sparser for outdoor dining.  The sun was out but cool.  Parking is always hard in Hillcrest but there are parking spots for the businesses in the building without paying the customary parking, the other business is Peets and Chef's Wok.  We got lucky enough to find parking after one go around.  There is off-street meter parking if you don't plan to stay longer than 2 hoursOrdering went smoothly, we got 2 half sandwich/cup soup.I had roast beef on sourdough and Brian had tuna salad on a baguette.  Breads are the higlight of visiting Bread and Cie and they didnt disappoint. Both soups also came with a  piece of french bread, just the right meal.Overall, service (your food is taken out to you) was good, food was good, minus points for no ice with the diet coke (not really that cold and given to you the can).  They also of course serve coffees but most go here for the bread, Peets next door serve better coffee.Hillcrest is not our favorite block to walk Apricot because he is a white haired dog and he picks up most of the dirt and comes home with the rest of the sidewalk dirt but we did a walk around the block to make Apricot happy.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2009,6/6/2009,4165,809,15,19,15>Really, really, good fricken steaks!!!This is the kind of place where your dinner includes soup or salad, unlike those douchebag snotty/trendy restaurants that charge you an extra $5-15 and serve small portions.  Both soups were great; I reccommend the Beer Cheese and dipping the bread into it...its like Fondue but cheap! My Flat Iron was covered in this mushroomy, cheesy, gravy, and heavenly sauce...best steak I've had in a long time!  Wife's Prime Rib was the best ever...if you ever wondered whats its like to have Prime Rib literally "melt" in your mouth, order it here!  (FYI: We always order Medium-Rare)ME: Flat Iron Steak w/Garlic Mashed Potatoes + Beer Cheese Soup = $20.99WIFEY: Prime Rib w/Veggies + French Onion Soup = $19.95ADD: Two decent glasses of wine and a yummilicious Tiramisa...MINUS: A $25 Gift Cert that only costs $2.50 on restaurant.comTOTAL BILL = $37.68!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   YEAH BABY!!!!!!!Service?  We were served by Eduardo, who checked up on us regularly, kept our water full, and made sure everything was good.  Its seemed like he had been working here for years...we were shocked when he told it was only his 2nd week on the job.  If you get this guy, you're gonna get taken care of!  We took care of him with a big tip...Because we got such a deal and awesome service this place is a 5 STAR...as Arnold Schwarzenegger would say: "I'll be BACK!"
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,6/5/2009,289,107,21,23,25>BiteI didn't do right by youAs they say in the songI done you wrong.....Consistency, people. Scratch my 4-star review. Bite is consistently: - Good for the scene/be seen (and love the decor!) - Good for the wallet (3 prix fixe days?? Plskthx!!) - Good for the stomach (new menu items scaled up/down in size to meet your gustatory needs) - Good for the soul -- (Personally, I think the lobster bisque holds the key to world peace.)If you've never enjoyed Chris Walsh's creative concoctions, you MUST put Bite on your SD list of places to try!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2009,6/4/2009,111,107,19,16,18>I am in love with these taco trucks. I'm not even sure what that restaurant is doing next to this taco truck here. Maybe there's an old Mexican lady inside that will read your fortune. If she read mine she would say order two carne asada tacos and four adobada tacos from the truck. Then she would tell me to help myself to the complimentary pinto beans, grilled onions, jalapenos, and assortment of salsas. Then the Mexican fortune teller would tell me some startling news. She would say I will waste away all my money at these taco trucks, my wife would divorce me over it, and I will grow a beard I could braid. I would only be able to afford the free cucumbers and radishes they give you here. So just skip the restaurant and go straight to the truck. Then go straight to the picnic tables out front and wait for your food with a smile. Because everybody loves a smile. I know I do. I love you La Fachada. *kisses...........boobie grab*
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,6/3/2009,280,432,17,20,18>This was my fourth meal of the day but I ate healthy earlier and my last meal was a salad, so I really felt this carnivorous need to eat meat.  Me: How about the Red Fox?He: You mean you'd lower yourself to eat a steak from somewhere other than Ruth's Chris?Me: Well, times are hard, and I'll do it just this once...The Red Fox is an institution.  I remember the first time coming in here I felt like the mafia was somewhere in a hidden room.  My friends and I drank shots of Sambuca because it just felt like the right thing to do.  The piano player and customer karaoke is entertaining.  Tonight was a treat because there were some in rare form.We both ordered NY steaks, mine rare, his medium.  For me, the bloodier the better, and the kitchen didn't fail.  I like the little relish tray that comes out.  I ordered the caesar salad instead of the house and rice pilaf.  The partner had a baked potato.  Everything is good, I mean c'mon, it's the Red Fox!  But I think the steak and teriyaki chicken combo is a better deal.  The waitress was great!  Attentive and friendly, she had tables all over.  She gave us the "star table" which is the first one on the right when you enter the dining room.  You can see everything from it.  Gino Vitalivaselino was singing "Fly Me to the Moon" and we suspected it was his big night out with his moll.  At some point someone screamed, "Get that out of my fucking face!"  I was waiting for someone to start throwing punches or gunshots ala Bonnie and Clyde.  This thrill is something that makes the RF worth going too.  I was hoping that Vito was going to come running out from the back room to see what was going on.  This is a great place to either start or end your evening.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,6/1/2009,158,76,22,26,24>I think you either love or hate this place and I can understand both lines of reasoning. Add me to the first group. Having that said, it totally depends on the purpose of your dining experience, this place is great for family and groups.Having five brothers and sisters, I am used to the whole big family style thing and the "big pan in the middle of the table, never eat in front of the TV, everybody can share and join" style of eating. Friends were always amazed by the fact that it was kind of loud but we're all able to follow each other whereas they had no idea where to look or whom to listen to. Sharing attention is a skill. We are not Italian, but we could nominate ourselves for being so. Italians are loud. Even louder. They love to express themselves (mamma mia) and they love having the "long hours family style kind of dinners".When I lived in Italy, the secret to cheap student dining were aperitivos. With this concept, you order one glass of wine (chianti!) and that price includes using the aperitivo buffet with antipasta and salads. Stuff yourself with that and you have a dinner for 8 bucks -or often free depending on your hair color. Italians use this as their first course (antipasta) and it starts very 'early', around 8PM, their real dinner does not start until a couple of hours later. It's very easy to use only one of their courses as a main course, because the portions they eat are huge and very generous. The secret locals use to being able to handle all this food is having one croissant for breakfast with a cappuccino (never in the afternoon!), tons of espresso shots during the day, maybe a late lunch with a focaccio and that's all they have. Add antipasta, dinner, dessert and a late night crepe with Nutella (dangerously good) or gelato and call it a day. Now for the food at this place. You can stuff yourself here with the anti pasta alone as well. I came here with an Italian family for a b-day party, a party of 15 or so. Simply let spaghetti-lovers order the dishes if you want to eat well, they have the talent to pick the best things out of every menu they look at. All of the dishes are put in the middle of the table, so you can have what you like but I did not have a single thing that I didn't like. Some of the things close to average, some simply delicious like the the eggplant parmezan or the desserts. The service is outstanding here, they really make you have a good time and especially considering the big groups they have to deal with, hats off. They brought an American flag style cake for the b-day girl and the whole restaurant sang happy b-day. You get your food pretty quick, we were pretty much done in two hours which is very fast Italian wise while some Americans would write letters to the owners complaining about the slow service. I was the only one who is -still !- not used to the whole doggy bag concept (-I'm used to either finish your plate or let the waiters take it and god knows where it goes, to the dogs probably-) but they gave the others a bunch of bags because you can easily eat leftovers for at least one more day.I simply adore the ambiance of this place and I would give them ten stars for that. You walk trough the kitchen when you enter, that might look a little bit odd but it's a sign of respect, nothing to hide and "coziness". I could wander around here for days because the place is stuffed with art, pictures from everything ranging from the pope (who has his own room) to Marylin and soccer stuff. I shared condolences with the waiters about Inter winning the Italian championship. And like it's supposed to be in places like this, they have the red/white squared plastic table clothes. And the best thing is that they have wickers!!! Makes Chianti even better. The place is loud, attracts loud food lovers, has a lot of big parties and you share all the dishes so keep that in mind when you go here. I don't think there are a lot of places that can handle such a big groups at the same time, still serve good food and have good service, and very reasonable priced...hence the four stars (I would give one for the interior alone). There were a couple of prom pre-party groups when I was here (-including the colorful way over the top dresses and awkward dates) but they were luckily respectful. I don't wish some of the people here next to me on a long plane flight (either one of us wouldn't survive that), but in this place it all doesn't matter especially not if you're in good company. This is not the place to go on a date (unless it's a boring one and you need to people watch) or if you hate noise and a slightly chaotic ambiance. Make reservations! That way you can pick a round table or the pope room. Chances are slim that I will end up eating here with my own entire family, but that's simply because of the geographically distribution because I'm sure this place could handle us. And that says something.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,5/31/2009,645,258,15,18,18>We wanted sushi and some place new.  I remembered this being another sushi restaurant name Hajama's or something close to it.  Decided to take a chance and check it out. When we walked in we were greeted by what seemed to be chefs, waitresses and a hostess. Very friendly atmosphere!  The setup reminded me a little of Benihana's except not so crowded.  Next thing you know the cook was in front of his audience with his knives flying high in the air and twirling talents of a fame thrower.  My little one yelled "Wow! can we do that"? I was thinking "There are days I wish I could"!!!!!.  We ordered a Pizza roll, Las Vegas roll, Hamachi & Inigri.  I loved it all except for one restaurant mishap.  The TV's were on around the sushi bar and showing was a rattler that bit a man.  Next scene was the emergency room with full blown details.  Ummm! doesn't really make the food go down so well.  Oh well!  I still rate Fuji 4 stars. The prices were reasonable and remember the gyoza for an appetizer.Can't wait to go back.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,11/8/2014,276,616,11,14,11>This business name does not meet their standards. These things aren't good. They are incredible. I mean seriously. Incredible.I work nearby and had to listen to my coworkers moan and groan about how great these cookies are. I didn't eat any since I planned on checking them out for myself and I'm glad I waited because I probably would've been about 22 cookies deep right now and wouldn't have met the amazing baker, Darcie.When I walked up, she had S'mores, chocolate cheesecake, and regular cheesecake cookies. I asked which were her favorite. I ended up with cheesecake and chocolate cheesecake. The name speaks for itself. Cheesecake in a cookie...you'd be crazy if you weren't drooling just by the name.I cut the cookie in half and there is a beautiful layer of cheesecake goodness in between a moist cookie. Baked to the point to where they aren't chewy and not crunchy. What I really like is that they're thinner around the edge so it's not too much cheesecake or sweetness. Apparently she makes other flavors that include peanut butter. You know what that means? That I will be back. And with an army of cookie lovers.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/7/2014,163,195,11,15,13>The homemade  butterfingers pie was amazing, and I'm not even a huge peanut butter fan...IasBella Artisan Pizzeria & Craft Beer Garden is truly a hidden gem. The owners, management, and staff are clearly serious about their product. Although they've only been open for about eight months, there's definitely a buzz, and the word is getting out that this is the place to come for great pizza, tasty microbrews on tap, and a mellow but fun experience. Especially at sunset!It's hard to describe the perfect pizza. IsaBella makes them, however.  The quality of the ingredients is obvious from the first bite. I use the taste and texture of the crust as my determining factor. No matter how good the toppings are, if they're placed on a substandard crust, the result is are disappointment. Sometimes it's hard to figure out exactly why your pizza is mediocre. Or why you got excited, about want to come back and order another one. So, on the first visit, I usually order something light, like the margherita pizza, to really tell me how this is going to taste. Not too many things on top to mask the flavor. My pizza  arrived hot and with that wonderful fragrance of well-matched ingredients. From the first bite, I knew I was in for a treat. The crust was excellent - chewy, smooth, and baked to perfection! The toppings - mozzarella, sharp provolone, Roma tomatoes, fresh basil, and sea salt over a red tomato base - provided that perfect balance of sweet, tart, and lightly salty that the best margherita pizzas offer. The micro brew selection was great!  Not only do they have a nice selection of ales, especially IPAs, but they offer some alternatives such as largers, porters, and stouts with new beers being brought in constantly. It seems like it's becoming more and more difficult to find anything other than IPAs at places like this. That's really annoying, because not everyone loves IPAs. IsaBella can handle groups - our server mentioned that they had hosted a 150 person charity event just a prior day. So come on, Yelpers. Bring your friends and families to this delightful restaurant!  Supporting great local businesses like this is what we are all about.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,11/6/2014,218,211,6,9,9>Alright, going for short and sweet. Looking for a place near work where the ladies and I could order for lunch.    Somehow, I took over, and the task became mine. Unless you're really into party planning you know this can become a pain. Who takes lunch when, did everyone contribute enough money, who will bring drinks? It's a whole thing. Pauly's made me look like a champ.    Only bummer I experienced was they didn't have take out menus. I tried to print it off the net but I didn't really know how to alter it before printing to make it printout friendly, so with black background and small writing it was barely legible.    They were friendly, prompt and the food was awesome. Long story, but I am an idiot and I had to call to give them my work address more than once and they didn't sound irritated or make a big deal out of it.    We got the Margarita, Christmas, White caps and Garlic (with cheese) Pizzas. All amazing, all hot and all a hit. Everything was perfect. The consistency, temperature and crust was perfect. Couldn't pick a favorite because they were all very good. They allowed me to call my order in a day in advance, I told them it was a work thing and they brought paper plates and napkins etc. it was all nice.    All in all this was an impossible place to write a short review on because there was so many great things about it. I'm actually very jealous because it's about 9 miles away from my house. I've got Bronx which doesn't deliver and Luigi's that lacks in consistent delivery service but don't even get me started. This place gets my stamp in every facet and I'm thankful to them and Yelp for making it happen. :-)
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,11/5/2014,548,308,16,14,12>Nunu, I am not sure if you'd recognize me, but I love you. Your cocktails rock my socks, your bloody's are prefect for those hair of the dog mornings and your food, while I rarely remember ordering always seems like a great idea. I know because there is usually half a grilled cheese in my purse come morning after a night with you. Your booth seats are ever welcoming and the stools at your bar are supportive in all the right places. The new window is an exciting change of pace and invites me in for more afternoons than your old look. I just want to dive in and grab a stiff one every time I pass by. Your aging sign is like a familiar hug, warm and receiving. The crowd that gathers here is friendly and entertaining just as it is at many of my other favorite dive bars.Don't change a thing, Nunu. I'll be back.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,11/4/2014,98,98,6,11,10>Rarely do you find an affordable happy hour with great appetizers and drink specials but this place truly has it all.  The place is smallish and very charming.  Located in the middle of Little Italy it is in the center of the action and has delicious food plus some of the most affordable prices I have seen, esp for the area.  I've been here several times and would recommend everything from the mixed salad, bruschetta pomodoro, salame e ricotta, and their delicious pizza.  This little gem also has free wifi.  Saving the best for last, the highlight of my last visit was when they brought in a TV upon our request so we could enjoy the world cup game!! I mean.....who does that???  Great food, excellent prices, amazing location, friendly service.  Isola pizza bar really knows how to make its customers happy.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,11/3/2014,151,310,5,20,18>Being the barbecue fan that I am, I've been waiting patiently for this restaurant to open staring at the opening soon sign every day for a while now. I was privileged to meet the owner right before the soft opening of the place and was very impressed with his plans and story behind Sonny's. Sonny was his dad's name and this place is tribute to him and his family barbecues. Sonny's Southern California barbecue is an interesting take on the many influences that has shaped our food. Being from the South where claiming the best barbecue can start family fueds, I can't say that I was really excited about the Southern California barbecue style planned.  Sonny's seems to embrace Southern American, Southern Pacific, Mexican as well as many other local influences. Until now there was no Southern California barbecue style, and given the many failed attempts to find good barbecue in San Diego, I was a bit skeptical. However, when I told Martin I was from Texas he quickly ensured me that I wouldn't be disappointed because the one and only Smokin Joe and crew was on the pit. Enough said for me... I could then wait a few more days until the doors open for business. Now on to my first review of this place. I wanted to start simple, so I ordered a brisket sandwich. Dry, of course. Gotta see how smokey the meat is without any sauce first. Perfect. Added a little of Joe's mild sweet sauce.... You already know! If you don't, get there and try it. I'm already eying the smoked braised short ribs plate for my next order, but let's not get ahead of ourselves.  The sandwich was under $10 and comes with a 4oz side. Baked beans didn't miss. My wife chose the potato salad as her side. It was homemade and pretty good but needed a little more mayo for our Texas taste buds. Just a preference though. Still good. The buns were really soft and tasty. Can't miss ordering this barbecue staple. Enough to bring me back for sure!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,11/2/2014,554,155,8,8,9>Would it be strange to say that this was my first time having my eyes checked?  Like, ever?  Anyway, since I finally have Vision insurance through work, and since everyone else in my family has terrible vision, I decided to have my eyes checked to prevent anymore damage.  I work in front of a computer 9 hours a day, and although my vision has not been affected, I get a slight headache after staring at the screen for such a long period of time so often.I found them through my insurance, and then used Yelp to see if any of the optometrists listed carry Oliver People's (I swear they're not sponsoring me, I just completely love the brand!) frames, since my insurance offers such a great deal.  Arena EyeWorks seems perfect due to their good reviews on Yelp and to their supplies that they have in stock.I didn't have to wait too long when I came in, and before I saw the doctor, the nurse made me do a few preliminary exams using their high technology that's pretty creepy and futuristic at the same time.  They have a crazy looking machine that blows puffs of air into each eye to check for glaucoma, and the machine that I like the most is the one that takes a picture of the back of your eye where your nerve endings are and your veins.  I thought it was pretty creepy, but she explained it to me and it turned out to be pretty cool.  I should've asked for a picture for myself... lol.Anyway, she took me to the doctor's waiting room and he came in not too long after she left.  He was very personable, and answered every question I threw at him, since this was my first time at the optometry.  He explained what astigmatism was (since I have it, unfortunately), and guided me through the tests in a prim, educational manner, which I love since I'm full of questions.In the end, it turns out that I have 20/15 vision, which was better than what I thought I had.  The doc then took me over to Justin, the optician that helped me picked out my frames.  He was very knowledgable as well, and helped me think of different options that I would've never thought of.I highly recommend this place, and am so happy that I found a great optometry in San Diego!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,11/1/2014,304,82,14,10,11>Stage 4 cardiac arrest wouldn't keep me away from this place on a Tuesday.  And if such a travesty did occur the fact that I take fish oil and I'm on the south side of 40 still, would allow me to pull through and probably before closing time.  I live with in walking distance, and with it being in the new HQ'ers the place it's kept spotless and by spotless I mean free of zombies yet-to-reanimate, aka: homeless.If you're a guy order every taco on the menu, A) because they are all excellently prepared B) Every grown man should weigh at least 190lbs.  Now lady's, let's keep it classy, I know the tacos are only two-bucks but we also know being south of 40 also means 140. So you are incredibly welcome for this review and as side note the best Yelper in SD Tony G.  once told me "you're doing God's work here son". And I am now just finally starting to believe him. #imbackIN MY DEFENSE I WAS MOST LIKELY DRUNK WHILE WRITING THIS.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,10/31/2014,322,180,7,7,8>While partyin' hard at the Broadstone Little Italy apartments, we needed somewhere to continue our Monday buzz! My friend and I stumbled upon Waterfront just across the street. Beer and food til 1am (I believe). Peeerrrrrfect!And guess what?! It was Millionaire Monday! What's that you say? Oh-well, when you purchase a beer, along with it comes a lotto ticket. And you can scan it later right there at the bar to see if you win. There's super lotto & hot spot tickets. I WON A WHOLE DOLLA! (And that damn Jack won $75!!! Pfsh, just means drinks are on him next time ;D ) My yellow tail was something near $5 (rounding up). Next we needed to get food in our bellies. At night, you order at the bar, let them know where you're sitting and it gets to you. They have a fun patio outside to sit at as well.Chipotle Fries - BOMB! Fries covered in cheese, carne asada and a chipotle sauce. They simply melted in your mouth. Perfect ratio of meat, sauce and cheese. They also brought us out a side of ranch.Waterfront Corndogs - 2 in a batch. They come with a honey mustard dipping sauce. The corndog batter had jalapenos, or some type of pepper mixed in with it. These corndogs were amazing. Just the perfect amount of crunch on the outside, yummy juicy hotdog on the inside. Perfecto.With all our food and two rounds of beers a piece, our bill was just over $24. We didn't even finish everything! Great fun. Can't wait to come back, and give this place 5 stars ;)
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,10/30/2014,196,155,6,13,11>The music here is loud. Like, I have to yell to talk to my friend loud. I don't know if it's just me but during lunch, the music isn't as loud. Apparently, if you go to the gallery room, the music isn't as loud. I don't know if that's true because it seemed kinda the same.Sushi here is usually good. But there's some that are eh okay. I really like their tuna tar tar. I love avocado so this was definitely the first thing I ordered. Presentation wise, it's nice and looks delicious to eat. Then, you break it all apart and mix it with the sauce and BAM* magic. I don't want to over exaggerate it's deliciousness but I really liked it and my picky mom liked it. Another fav is the sashimi salad. At first I was thinking, how good can it be? It's just sashimi and salad right? I'm the kind of girl who doesn't like to order salad at restaurants unless it comes with the entree. Oh my, was I wrong. This salad is delicious! Not only is it smothered in this really delicious sauce, they give you lots of sashimi! They give you some pretty good slices of sashimi (2 pieces of 3 different fish) and give you smaller cut up pieces of fish. I like getting their lemon roll. Again, their sauce is yummy. The roll is pretty good and refreshing. For the sushi boats, I usually go for the samurai boat. It has your basic California and tuna rolls. They also have sashimi, sushi, dynamite roll. etc (just read on the menu). For $43, it kept us pretty full. For the sashimi here in general, it's pretty decent. Their salmon is actually pretty good and probably one of the best fish to get here. The other fishes were a bit too dry for me. I've had good experiences with the service here. For dinner, when they give you a box to-go, they put this cool little glowing/light-up thing of a ring. Cute! And they gave me extra when I asked for my little brother :)
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,3/26/2014,632,1049,11,17,12>Turkey Cobb on rosemary olive oil bread, just do it. This has been the most popular sandwich reviewed and it lived up to its hype. I'm not even a fan of gorgonzola, but all the ingredients in this sandwich worked. The avocado and the sundried tomato were especially nice touches. The thick slices of soft rosemary olive oil bread was perfect bread for sparing trauma to the roof of my mouth. No cuts from sharp crusts here! Another surprise was how big these sandwiches were. I ended up getting a whole, but a half would have been enough.The rest of the carb menu was amazing as well. Weekends means sugar pearl brioche, which was fluffy with a crispy sugar shell - a perfect complement to go with the house coffee or espresso. Other tasty pastries and breads included the chocolate brioche twist and the chocolate bread loaf. Lots of parking available. There's plenty of seating both inside and out. The one downside of eating out on the patio is the deafening roar of airplanes taking off every few minutes from nearby Lindbergh. It was difficult to have a conversation, but made for a convenient excuse to stuff more bread in my mouth.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,3/25/2014,571,102,6,13,12>Favorite and best place for authentic Lao/Thai food hands down.I always get their spicy papaya salad (Lao style). It's the best papaya salad that I've ever tasted in a restaurant. The difference between the Lao style and the Thai style is that the Lao style uses fermented fish while the Thai style just uses regular fish sauce. For cold and rainy days, I like to get their Khao Piak Sen which is like chicken noodle soup with homemade noodles. Always hits the spot! Their portions are very big, I find myself taking leftovers home every time. Reasonable prices for fresh ingredients and made to order meals. For desserts, they have their sweet mango sticky rice with coconut milk. It's absolutely delicious. I wish they served Nam Vanh (cold coconut milk dessert with exotic fruits), which is similar to the Vietnamese Che Thai. :( Not only do they serve authentic Lao/Thai food but they also started serving sushi as well. They recently remodeled and had placed a sushi bar inside. They also have pre-made food and snacks which you can take out. Parking really sucks and it's definitely not lower car friendly. Some of the parking spots are 15 minutes only so it makes you kind of nervous thinking that you might get your car towed. This restaurant is family owned and they're always very friendly and nice. Very relaxed and chill environment.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,3/24/2014,118,451,11,15,12>A great place to stuff your Yelp hole with delish review worthy grubbin's.Mona Lisa is a gem for fresh food that doesn't break the bank. The sammys here are WONDERFUL and big enough to munch on for a couple meals. They make them fresh and you really can't ask for a better deal.The deli also has other salads and such but that isn't the biggest draw for me. I like that I can pick up fresh cheese and there is a great wine selection of affordable interesting wines. They even have little champagne bottles on chill for those moments you want a "roadie" but you want it "classy."Camilla the Yelping Hen says there is no such thing as a "classy roadie" but I digress.I used to pass by this spot and judge it. I would squint and think "surely this is some tourist trap of high priced food meant to make you FEEL authentic." I was dead wrong.My most favorite thing to do is to get some sammys and other fare and go to my rooftop (you MIGHT not live with me so you can go to YOUR rooftop or somewhere else picnic worthy) and  enjoy a simple meal with some nice wine and great company.Check it out, grab some wine, try something new. Just don't make me wait too long in line!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/23/2014,286,168,5,12,11>Better Buzz is the launch pad of my day. I'm a creature of habit, and I usually tend to stick to a strict routine in the morning during the work week. Living in Pacific Beach, I take Garnet to Mission and then hop on the 5 south to begin my morning trek down to the naval base at 32nd street. Fortunately, Better Buzz stands in the way of reaching my ultimate destination. On my first few visits I kept it simple and got the "Killer Bee". This features half coffee and half expresso. The Killer Bee is sure to get the blood pumping early in the morning. You can always go dark, or sweeten things up a bit. However, the real inspiration for this review of Better Buzz is the "Best Drink Ever". Is there any better way to sell a product than label it as the best thing ever? In this case, the answer is no. I fell for the ploy, and I couldn't agree with the marketing think tank of Better Buzz more. This drink blew me away! I can safely say that I've found my new morning crutch for the next several weeks. I pull into the drive through at 5:40 am every day, so I never have to wait for my warm morning pick me up. The girls talking to me on the intercom are always sweet, helpful, and speedy. They always hand me my drink with a smile. That goes a LONG WAY. It's the small things in life. Remember that folks. There's no denying Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts are the royalty when it comes to coffee, but for now I'm sticking with Better Buzz. I like the unique, independent nature of what I like to call the "Bee Hive". The menu is simple and won't bog you down. There's options, but it's simple. When it's early, I like simple. Better Buzz hits all the right notes for me, therefore it's a clear cut - 5 star quality business. It has my highest recommendation.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,3/22/2014,804,248,5,10,8>I'm already in love with this place!  Whether you consider yourself vegan, vegetarian, practice raw, gluten-free eating... there's something delicious here for you to enjoy. There's even a few paleo-friendly stuff I've been able to pick out. Yay!They have such wonderful options of bites and smoothies. There's even dessert.. yes, desserts! And dammmn, they are quite fantastic. No lie. It's got all the awesome taste without the bad stuff.It's a small, walk up to the counter place. Even though there are seats, this is not a sit down restaurant as the name says "fast food". But it's great for those who want something quick but that's on the healthy side.They offer stuff that's is cooked on the grill and prepared when you order. But they also have offerings that you just pick up off of their refrigerated area that's pre-packed and ready to go. That's my spot right there! There's salad, sandwiches and other eats. I am obsessed with their raw scrambler. I get that each time. It's an almond filled, curry mix of goodness that I can't get enough of.. I've even bought two at a time. ;) So delicious! And back to one of my favorite topics, desserts. I do love to indulge in their key lime pie. Just one bite has me swooning! It's full of limey, coconut yumminess. Mmm. Mmm. Interesting, though, that it is right next door to the mother of all dessert spots in San Diego. It's like a choice of good vs bad, right from wrong. I know, I've fallen prey to Extraordinary Desserts, too. But when I'm here noshing on one of their delectible treats, it feels good to be able to EFF (Evolution Fast Food) those sugary temptations and still get my sweet tooth satisfied, guilt free. Nomnomnom
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/21/2014,656,263,9,23,23>Sometimes we take family for granted...but after you lose a loved one, you do everything you can to preserve the family you still have in your life. Enter the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs; I cannot say enough good things about this government service.Nothing is more important to me than my family. So when my father's health started deteriorating at such a rapid rate after my big sissy passed, we turned to Medicare to aid in helping us with costs of home healthcare and other supplies my dad needed. If any of you have had to deal with Medicare, you'd know what a nightmare it is to get goods approved once the doctor sends in orders....they are notorious for taking forever. Then we tried Tricare...still no luck. Tricare follows the same guidelines  as Medicare so we were stuck between a rock and a hard place. After months of trying without success, we didn't even think to think about turning to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. Thank goodness we did!Upon our visit, we were immediately brought in to see a nurse who checked my dad's vitals...I remember her going "EMILYYYYYY!" and hugging me, then scolded me for being late, haha. Turns out she was one of my Zumba students at the Marine Corps Base gym. My dad was immediately relieved by that and was able to coherently answer all the questions she asked. After that was his medical assessment which was performed by an equally nice doctor, we were able to finally process the orders he needed. Within the hour that we were there, my dad was given a spiffy new wheelchair and walker! The very next week, we had a Physical Therapist come by to help with my dad's mobility, teaching all of us kids how to perform the moves so we could do them with my dad daily. We were also able to get custodial care for my dad which was a huge relief. They even had someone come and assess my parent's home to make sure it was as handicap friendly as possible...we had already taken measures by installing handrails in his shower but they thought of measures we didn't so we were grateful for not only their kind help but their immediate expediting of orders. It brought my family a huge sense of relief and we are eternally grateful for their services.Thank you so much for providing my dad with amazing care and attention. And thank you for honoring your active and retired military. 5 outstanding stars!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,3/20/2014,54,117,15,14,12>Such a fun place and awesome decor. Definitely does not seem like most SD establishments which seem to me don't really go all out with decor. The best explanation for the vibe is that if El Camino is a hipser Mexican place this is a hipster Asian place. Which makes sense because they have the same owner. And because someone explained Bang Bang to me like this and I found it very fitting so i plagiarized. You walk up these super steep stairs which I imagine will be a huge liability in the future  as drunken people fall to their untimely deaths. But after that they have a cool lobby area and you can either go to the restaurant area which has a roof covered in paper lanterns or the club area which has the largest disco ball this side of the Mississippi or some nonsense like that.If you are looking for a quiet dinner this is not it. The music is loud and the place is packed. They don't take reservations so there might be a wait and the service is definitely a little spotty. We had to flag down our waitress multiple times and she said something absurd like "if you see your food just call whoever is carrying it over to you" which made me very anxious as it implied that bus boys were just randomly walking around with food with no idea where it belonged and you had to keep your eyes peeled and just grab it when you could. Very much like that sushi mini game in Pokemon Battle. Anyways most of our food did make it to our table with 1 or 2 exceptions. Normally these glaring faults in service would warrant a 2 star review but knowing its a club/restaurant we kindof expected it and dinner was really fun. It was nice to have a fun, loud, late dinner as a lot of places in SD close super early. The sushi was awesome, especially anything with yellowtail + we got a flaming punch bowl + the sake was affordable + the banh mi has chicken pate and is DELICIOUS i tell you. All in all it was a fun experience and having the food and drinks be pretty tasty which i did not expect and not super expensive like i did expect was a win. Will definitely be returning for all day happy hour on Tuesday. Oh and the club sucked. Don't believe the crowd outside. Super empty inside and the most undanceable kindof 80s wordless trance music ALL NIGHT. Its fun to bop around for a couple minutes and then after a while you just don't know what to do anymore. Definitely did not get the crowd going at all and we promptly left. P.S. bla bla ryan gosling bathroom bla bla
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,3/19/2014,1127,441,8,13,9>My friend recently took me here since I had been wanting to go and she is a huge fan. We came on a Weds around  7 and there was a short 5 min. wait.  This restaurant is pretty small and fits 50 - 60 people.  After we were seated we were given rice & miso soup. I love that this place is SELF - SERVE!!! I hate how most korean bbq places give you way too much meat each time you order, so you either end up wasting it or stuffing yourself.  Since this place is self - serve it is so easy to try everything and portion everything that you want to eat. They have frog legs here!! and liver!!!! They have many more meats to choose from than other bbq places I have been to.  They also have many more veggies including tomatoes, corn, mushrooms, etc.  Something funny I found about this place is that there are no korean people eating here... I am guessing that maybe the flavors are a bit americanized. Planning on putting this place into my korean bbq rotation.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,3/18/2014,688,279,10,12,11>This is a really beautiful place and I have to say, it struck my fancy!It was really awesome and the acoustics were great, there are a lot of stuck up older folks but they are just jealous of me, and myself getting all cultured and stuff.Listen I just got to say If you get a chance go out of your way to catch something here, as long as it isn't a disease, it will be well worth it.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/17/2014,1229,101,8,16,13>I come here for $1 oyster Thursdays!!! I am constantly on the hunt for oyster happy hours. Out of SF and LA's, PB fish shop is the best IMO. It has an amazing selection of oysters to choose from (about 5, all with info about the day it was harvested and the location) Pros: - amazing oysters- BYOB w/ no corkage - calamari is super yummy - great local spot with a chill vibe Cons: - can get pretty packed on Thursdays - line takes a while Happy oyster-ing! xoTip: if you're looking for a larger size oyster with a creamy taste, try fanny bay, sunset beach, and blue point if they are available! My faves.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2007,5/24/2007,446,745,6,2,5>5 gagillion stars for being the only place around campus that we could find beer before the tool concert. i heart you chipotle. oh and your foods decent too.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,5/23/2007,7,90,6,3,5>Are you the type that likes your apple-tinis served slightly chilled while you groove to the latest beats from the dopest DJ's in town?  Do you like to relax after a long day of yard work with an ice cold Coors Light?  Do you like long, romantic walks on the beach?  Do you like to hold hands across the dinner table the gentle harking of a violin serenades you accomplishment of true love?Did you answer YES to any of those?Then Hamilton's isn't your place.  This place is a diamond in a coal mine and a much needed addition to the fledgling beer scene in San Diego.  More delicious taps than you can shake your talliwhacker at and enough delicious bottles to make your liver cower in fear.  The beer flows generously and the owner, Blair, knows what the hell he's talking about.Every 2nd Saturday of the month, you're treated to a complementary meal and beer specials that will make you crap a purple orange. Victory At Sea for $3.25?  You gotta be kidding!!!  But it's true folks.  This place is the real deal.  A true beer bar that brushes off the beer snob attitude and replaces it with a variety of bar games, a kickin jukebox and one powerful good time.This is what I needed.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2007,5/22/2007,295,160,23,4,6>Me so horny!Me so harney.Miso Harney?Yeah.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,5/21/2007,13,61,12,10,7>Holy crap!  This burger was awesome.  I know the debate here in San Diego.  Hodad's/Rockey's Rockey's/Hodad's.  No........Carzee Burger!!  The burger was great, I got the Cajun.  Also you can get all kinds of different toppings ranging from cheese to hash browns, to Cajun onions.  Variety.  And most important, the burger was actually cooked medium, the way a burger should be cooked.  This is one of my new favorite places to eat, and I will be back within the week.  The atmosphere is cool, too and the service was good.   This is a "Must Eat".  I live in Ocean Beach, and would easily drive out to North Park to get one of these burgers over either of the two mentioned above.  And on the 6th day God said, "Let there be a great burger with the toppings you want, no matter how strange, cooked perfectly and with lots of flavor", and low and behold Tioli's Crazee Burger emerged.  And God was pleased with his creation, so he took a bite.  Hamburlger 3:19
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2007,5/19/2007,44,105,11,8,5>Do you LOVE Manju?  Then this is the place to go!I consider myself to be somewhat of an expert on this subject.  Actually, I consider myself a kind of honorary Asian.  This little tea cake shop is a super South Bay gem!  It's run by a husband and wife team who put in long, hard hours to produce some of the sweetest sweets around.  Their Manju are delicious but what really shines are their Nerikiri.  Melt-in-your-mouth and super delicate white bean confections made almost expressly for traditional Japanese Tea Ceremony (Chado).  Made entirely by hand, a true labor-of-love, Nerikiri come in a variety of shapes and colors... my favorite is the Crane.  You won't find Nerikiri in the glass case with all the other more lowly Manju either - you've got to special order the stuff.   And it's worth it!  I think you have to order a minimum of 10 pieces, but it could be more.  They run about $1.75/eachThe shop sells all kinds of other Japanese goodies as well including: (home-made) Mizu Yokan, Sembe, teas, soft drinks, candies and gift items.WARNING:The only negative thing I can say about Hogetsu is that once you become good friends with the owners, you quickly discover that they are the most melancholy people on the planet!  I love the hell out of their tea cakes BUT my ex and I used to debate all the time over whether or not it was worth the downer to go in there.  I can't tell you how many times we were trapped by the little Japanese lady with the crooked baseball cap.  She would constantly remind us how short and pointless life was, how screwed up the world was, etc.  I honestly don't think this couple will be satisfied until one of their customers slits their wrists in the shop after hearing some super depressing tale of woe they've spun.  I'm not the sensitive type either.  I'm a true realist - I like to kind of flirt with the dark side and feel the pain, so to speak.  The owners of this shop really take it to the limit though.  It's kind of amusing, in a way - but you really have to be in the mood for a trip here.  Feeling at your most formidable.Definitely try these teacakes... but may the force be with you!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2007,5/18/2007,680,164,3,7,4>As long as I can remember, everyone I've known in San Diego has the best burger debate.  I'm not talking fast food burgers or chain restaurants. I'm talking down-home, mom & pop burger joints.  The two candidates that always come to the forefront of the debate, are Hodad's in Ocean Beach, and Rocky's in Pacific Beach/Crown Point. After years of being convinced Rocky's was THE best burger ever and fighting with friends and acquaintances that Hodad's was not the better burger, I finally realized I didn't have a leg to stand on if I hadn't tried both.... so we had a burger-off tonight, and I trekked to Ocean Beach for my first experience at Hodad's.Upon walking in, I noticed the surf theme and the multiple license plates on the wall.  (They also have some scary looking doll heads that are pierced and seem to stare you down while you're eating... but I digress.)  For some reason, I had thought the place would be more dimly lit like Rocky's... but instead, the lights were bright, the servers fun and personable and really... I thought I would have a pleasant experience in store...I had been told to get the single cheeseburger, with bacon... only they were out of bacon...one of the first things our server said to us upon sitting down at the bar.  Second, no hard alcohol... okay, fine... a beer and a burger is perfect in my book - although, my friend Candace M. was thoroughly disappointed.  Once we ordered (no bacon)  we waited patiently for our food.  I decided to try the onion rings as I was told they were better than the fries... not so much.... I liked the fact they weren't super greasy - but they didn't have a lot of taste to them... My friends ordered fries, they were the wedge cut (not my favorite but they were seasoned well) and they probably could have been cooked a bit more.  The burgers were good.  Not great.  Lettuce, Pickles, Tomatoes, Onions, Mayonaise and Ketchup (no bacon) pretty standard in my book and I probably could have made a burger at home, just as well.  Priced well - three of us was only $27.00 but really was it worth missing out on the better burger at Rocky's... probably not.   I think overall, I'd give it 3.5 stars, but the service was worth at least a .5 of a star on it's own.....Finally - I am worthy of fighting the great debate.  Rocky's wins in my book - always and forever, but Hodad's isn't a bad choice if you happen to be in the O.B area.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2007,5/17/2007,19,25,6,3,4>As a child I was reared on Jilberto's various Carne Asada and Shredded Beef consumables.  There was once a time where Jilberto's was heralded as 'The Spot' to get the best Carne Asada Fries this side of the 49th Parallel.  Now, after leaving the mesa for 6 years and finding new digs in the old neighborhood I've returned.  And honestly, I've been let down... This isn't your standard fare disappointment now.   Oh no this was more of the, come home to find out the wife left with the kids, types of bombshells.  And no!  I'm not exaggerating... well ok maybe just a bit.First off the quality of meat used for Carne Asada burritos has literally gone to the dogs and more importantly they've now committed a cardinal sin against all that is holy....Are you ready?They use potatoes in their California Burritos!What the Mr Freez is up with that?A long time SD pillar of all that was good about SD taco shops has sold out to the man.  Heck, don't even get me started on the pricing.  Yeah yeah I know inflation has gotten it's dirty grubs into every kitchen from here to Oceanside but come on now... The prices at Jil's are now .20-.30 higher than standard fare for burritos and Carne Asada fries all across town.  Coming in at ~$6 I'd rather make the trek ON FOOT 2 miles North East to Asada's if I'm going to shell out that kind of dough for a substandard styro platter.  Not all is bad though, for some reason that's totally beyond me their shredded beef offerings haven't changed one bit.  I ordered a chimichanga in hopes of it taking the position of an old love's saving grace and boy did it ever.  It was a fully loaded perfectly deep fried torpedo of shredded beef and near perfect frijoles buried in what seemed to be no shortage of cheese, guac and sour cream.  Their Flying Sacuer, which is basically all of the Chimi's ingredients on a tostada shell, was a knock out as well.  Their rolled tacos?  As Josh mentioned are top noch... but here comes that price gripe again... What happened to my $4.00 12 Rolled tacos??  A near $2.00 price hike?  Come on...Begrudgingly I'm grading Jilberto's right down the middle... 3 Stars Yelpers, 3 stars...
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2007,5/16/2007,117,98,2,10,8>who isn't in the mood for a $38 acupuncture treatment? suprisingly unknown is this professional college/clinic in the heart of mission valley. students at PCOM receive a four year intensive education, graduate with a masters degree, and learn western and eastern medicine. at the PCOM clinic you can see an intern, supervised by a practicioner (sometimes with an assistant or other observers), for an array of complaints: colds, flus, musculo-skeletal problems, headaches, menstrual issues, digestive disorders, even infertility. they also have a complete herb/medicinal room that you can survey while you are chillin in the waiting room.i seek asian medicine for any and all of my health needs, I haven't been to a western MD for years! you shan't be disappointed.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2006,5/15/2007,288,278,7,3,3>This is where I lost my karaoke virginity and I've been a karaoke nympho ever since.I've been only on Saturday nights and it gets packed to the max.  The bartenders are so nice and pour great, cheap drinks.  I had 2 GOOD rum and cokes for $10.  And when I say good I mean rum with a splash of coke and good night!The song collection is great.  I just wish they would limit how many times "Piano Man" is sung in one night.  And you shouldn't be allowed to do "A Boy Named Sue" unless you really know it.  Otherwise, you're just making Mr. Cash roll over in his grave and that's not nice(RIP Johnny).  I've done Baby Got Back twice.  Cause that's how I roll.Interesting folk gather and perform here.  A man dressed like David Bowie, singing Bowie songs but jumping around like David Lee Roth.  A middle-aged woman dancing Carlton from Fresh Prince-style barefoot.  And the middle-aged men who think they got game.I have to agree with the other yelpers who say it's pick-up central.  But how many times can you really use the line "Hey, GREAT performance!  Can I repay the favor and sing for you sometime?"
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2007,5/14/2007,13792,257,1,7,6>Many of the cities I have visited include an "Old Town."  Does San Diego have an "Old Town"?  Yes and no.  We have an Old Town State Historic Park, the original mission and presidio were nearby.  The park recreates the setting of California from 1830-70.  The Marine Corp raised the flag here in 1846.  It became an historic park in 1968. Three original adobes have been restored, the Casa de Estudillo, Machado y Stewart and Machado y Silvas. Buildings now house museums, shops and restaurants.We have a plaza a little like the beautiful one at Mesilla in Los Cruces, NM, or Old Town Albuquerque or even Old Town Sacramento.  But we do have one.  And we have several dozen historic buildings.  But what we need here in San Diego is an older old town.  In 1542 the first European showed up.  Juan Rodriguez Cabrillo is given credit for discovery of San Diego Bay, well European discovery.  He named the bay San Miguel and claimed the land for Spain.  Go thing too because if he had claimed it for some other country and gone home much trouble would have followed for him.  To be fair, if you are a tourist and looking for somewhere to walk around and do some tourist shopping then Old Town is the place.  It has more than 100 unique retailers and import shops.  If you are a tourist interested in history, it is a mixed 3 or 4 stars.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,7/13/2013,734,200,8,8,9>It's New Years Day downtown. It's cold. I just got off work and I'm tired and hungry. I'm craving comfort food. My favorite spots aren't open due to the holiday so I find myself walking aimlessly down 5th Ave. I take a look at the menu for The Hopping Pig. I see Corn Dogs and Crispy Pork Belly and that's all it takes for me to be sold. We walk in and are told to seat ourselves. The restaurant looks like they haven't finished decorating. But it's cozy. We sit for awhile. Being in the hospitality industry I'm always observing the service staff.  A server walks by and says the bartender will be with us shortly. The bartender sees us but never comes over. The server walks by several times. We wait for menus and drinks. I finally ask my friend if we should wait or go somewhere else. The manager takes notice of our situation and brings over menus. Then a server finally appears. We order a beer. I ask for the corn dogs but unfortunately they're out. So I stick with the Crispy Pork Belly. My friend orders The Hopping Pig Burger. The food comes out fast. I can't wait to get the pork belly in my own belly. The first bite is perfection. It's crispy as promised but moist and juicy on the inside. The beans and greens were the ideal compliment to the dish. I ate the whole thing and would have licked my plate if no one was watching. I got a bite of the Hopping Pig Burger and it was also delicious. A very nice layer of flavors. Although, I wish it was served with fries instead of a salad. The salad was good, but didn't go well with the burger.Despite my not so great experience with the service, I will be back to put more pork belly in my belly.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/12/2013,426,172,8,14,6>This place is beyond authentic, Located in the Hood of City Heights. Its what many can call a Mexican style Panda Express lol... well they have different "Guisados" which are Mexican Entrees, you can build your own Combo with 1, 2 or 3 Items form the menu and comes with rice and beans. Staff is super helpful and will give you free samples on everything. Great hole in the wall spot for either Breakfast, Lunch or on the go. Don't judge a book by its cover and try everything. I know some Items might not look beautiful but once is hits your TUMMY it will be YUMMY... To make it short this place is As good as it gets when it comes to Mexican Food North of the Border. Parking can definitely suck but its worth fighting people for it...
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,7/11/2013,431,353,2,5,5>For what Cafe Jay is - a quick food place in a food court - it's definitely a 5 star stop for me. I'm currently working in Sorrento Valley and I'm lazy about packing my food more often than not. I love Cafe Jay because I can get a filling and healthy meal for a reasonable price - on that note it is definitely one of the cheapest places in the food court. I love both the lemongrass and coconut milk soups which are chock full of veggies and tofu. I enjoy spice and usually order a 7 on the heat scale which kicks up the flavor nicely. They have a great thai tea and you can order it with half & half or with soy milk which is great option that I appreciate. No matter who is working they have always been extremely nice and friendly. With the great prices and consistent eats Cafe Jay is worth checking out if you're in the area for lunch. peace, love, and good booze ~ chase
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,7/10/2013,519,365,8,12,9>No store front sign. Just a suite number. It's shrouded in mystery. At least, until you walk in through it's doors.They have a delicious selection of izakaya. To be honest, not only is there so much to choose from, it's bordering on overwhelming. But, I love choices. Dinner consisted of the albacore tataki, crab rice porridge soup, chicken karaage, chicken skewers and salmon kama. The only item I wasn't impressed with was the crab rice porridge.Service is friendly and quick. The place packs up quick. While searching for a restaurant to eat, I was glad that I put down a reservation for two, after finding this place using my mobile Yelp app. By the time our 3rd course appeared, the dining room was just about filled. Surrounded on all sides by Japanese customers, who all appear to know each other, I knew that Izakaya Sakura is solid.Next time, I want to try the chanpon and the uni rice porridge. Oh, yes, there will be a next time!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,7/9/2013,1706,705,4,13,7>I love the nearby bookmarks feature on my mobile app! Thanks to that, I went here last weekend.A -SUCH NICE PEOPLE!* I came in by myself and the place was packed but the lady immediately greeted me and when she found out I was alone, she said, "I love that!" lolB- SUCH GOOD and INEXPENSIVE FOOD!* I ordered a flatbread pizza, sandwich and  a drink for like $15SPECIAL NOTE:It has been since the 1990's at a place called Zoots in La Jolla/UTC where I have a REAL sandwich wrap where they split the pita and then wrapedp the sandwich, that' the proper way, not like how most places do with a tortilla.  I am THRILLED that I found this place and hope to try all of their flatbread sandwich wraps!!! :)TIP:Place is really small so be prepared to wait a little if you have a big party or call ahead and take it to go.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,7/8/2013,94,355,5,10,7>I was in the area and wanted caffeine. I was struggling between Starbucks and Village Coffee that I found on Yelp. Trying to support local business so here I am at Village Coffee.The menu has a decent but not too overwhelming variety of food and drinks. They have breakfast food like omelet and pancakes, lunch grub such as salads and sandwiches, all under $10, chai tea latte, frappe, and smoothies, all around $4. I wasn't hungry so I just ordered a mocha, made with Ghirardelli dark chocolate and it was delish! Perfected by a touch of art yelp.com/biz_photos/vill…They also have a coffee loyalty card, buy six get one free!-Great place to chill and work with free wifi-Very clean and sanitized-Great music, who's gonna drive you home tonight...
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,7/7/2013,242,154,15,7,10>No. No I will NOT call this place "Polite Provisions." It rolls off the tongue like a lego block full of cactus spines. I tried "Pee-Pee," or just "Polite" or maybe even "The Prov," but nothing stuck until I was trying to tell a friend where to meet me and came up with "New Kadan." New Kadan is where OLD Kadan used to be, except here they tiled the floor with MONEY, whereas at OLD Kadan, the floor was tiled with the smell of despair (and the occasional cockroach).Seriously, New Kadan is inSANELY gorgeous. As a person in the midst of a home renovation, I can't help but look at everything with dollar signs above it. MARBLE EVERYTHING. SKY-LIGHTS. GOLD LEAF. NICKLES IN THE BATHROOM SO YOU CAN PEE ON JEFFERSON'S FACE. It's unreal what they did with the place, and in like, two weeks. The Normal Heights peeps are eatin' it UP, myself included, especially because their drinks are 8 bucks, which is nice because we here is all po' folk.I definitely suggest going early-ish, and only during the week. The fancy-schmancy drinks (stirred in beakers, of course, because everything this company does has to be weird in some way) are gonna take a while - upwards of 15 minutes, so might as well make your life easier by not showing up on a Friday night when half the city is waiting for a single bartender. Not an insult in any way to the staff, of course, but let's be honest, no one's ever said, "no, I PREFER my alcohol take forever." Plus, seating is minimal and humans are irritating, so if you're impatient and thirsty, stay away on the weekends. The staff is all super friendly (although you can definitely see the frustration in their eyes when twelve people are asking for drinks, refills, checks, etc), and I think as time goes on any kinks in the system will get worked out. Already they dropped the misguided idea to let you order food at the bar. Oh yeah, the food next door is pretty dang tasty, too, if you're into killing your buzz.Despite Consortium Holding's cheesy, sometimes obnoxious quirks (see my reviews of Noble Experiment and Craft and Commerce), it's no question they know what they're doing. They took a shit-hole and turned it into the classiest, hippest, most BEAUTIFUL lounge in the 'hood. Good job on New Kadan, guys!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,7/6/2013,194,243,6,5,4>1st to review...yay!!!A couple weeks ago, I was driving down Highland minding my business, but always aware of my surrounding/potential places to eat. You can smell the BBQ as you get closer and the location is so inconspicuous that you have to start slowing down to pinpoint where it's coming from. There's a short little sign that says BBQ pointing to storefront but other than that, it might a well be another forgettable little Highland Ave business.But then you walk in and the smell is stronger, they have a small meat display full of chorizo and handmade polish sausage that let's you know somebody means business!The menu hanging above could be pretty standard except it has choices like brisket sliders, Reuben sliders, tequila lime sliders and brisket rolled tacos on it! Yes, you read correctly-brisket.rolled.tacos.Needless to say I'm pretty excited as I wait for my food right now. Will finish this once I eat.5 minutes later- JK!! Haha, I took my food home and devoured it like a good girl. Baby back ribs, chorizo chili beans, Caesar salad-did I mention that wed-fri they do a Mexican BBQ with a grill outside?? Yeah, I'm about that life.Okay, so I got the grub home and started in on it. The beans were tasty, needed a little salt but the chorizo and juice that was in them was yummy. the Caesar salad had a different kind of dressing, not creamy but liquid, maybe vinegar based? Couldn't really tell but it was pretty interesting/good...I'm gonna have to have it again to have a real opinion. ;))Now, the ribs. The ribs. They are meaty. They are spicy, they are saucy, they are delicious. I ate all 3 while thinking I should save one for my kid. She can try them next time, aka tomorrow? To be continued...
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,7/4/2013,284,502,8,13,8>Oh Beau & Riley - they are my guys that make my body & soul feel good.I have been going to Beau for ages now - and he always seems to have the right touch to get my back in line and feeling great. And Riley for massage and acupuncture does that trick - Riley is high demand now and it's for me to get my two hours with him once a month but when I do it's pretty blissful.They really know how to treat a girl.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,7/3/2013,363,200,23,24,24>If you were to apply the law of diminishing returns to food, the less you have of something that tastes exceptionally delicious, chances are you'll crave, want, desire more of it. Not only did I have just one almond toffee cookie, but I reluctantly also shared said cookie. (Gahhh!) Oh boy.. Talk about oh-so-moist on the inside and having the perfect amount of crunch on the outside! Naturally, I wanted to go back for another, but was told that I shouldn't because by only having one, I'll appreciate and savor it more. Pfft.. Talk about pure torture! How dare people deprive me of such bliss!These cookies can be yours at $1.75 a pop. Yes, pricey, but worth every penny, nickel, and dime. Also be forewarned, there's a $5 minimum for credit cards, so unlike us, maybe that will convince you to buy more than just one. Now who's down to go on a cookie run with me?!- April M. aka Cookie Monster
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,12/4/2008,133,53,17,15,16>Dr. Beau Casey does to me what Promises Rehab Center does to Lindsay Lohan...he gets the crack out of my body. I called for an appointment and got in the next day...which is awesome because I had I was wearing Bengay the whole day due to lower back pain. The place is like an Oasis. The receptionist is super friendly, she took me to a relaxation room with massage chair and my favorite...the hydro massage bed. I almost fell asleep on that thing. After 15 minutes getting relaxed, Dr. Beau takes me to the room and explains what I should expect from a chiropractic exam. He also explains why you have back problems and why it's good to get your spine realigned. I knew I was in reliable hands. The whole experience was phenomenal. I made an appointment for 4 days later but it feels like eternity. I need more cracks!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2008,12/3/2008,83,183,17,30,43>I wanted to review something special for my 50th and I couldn't think of anything more special than this.  The second best day of my life was the day Abby said she would marry me.  The best day was the day she actually did.  She was wearing a black vintage A-line dress we bought for the occasion; I had on my blazer she had just gotten me for Christmas.  I don't know what she was thinking as we pulled into the parking space, but I knew what I felt - nervous and scared and excited.  But the feeling that stood out the most was proud.  I was so proud of my wife-to-be.  I couldn't believe I'd be able to call her my own.  She looked amazing that day, and I knew everyone could see it.  The guards couldn't help but smile at her when we walked in.  They were so warm and welcoming, as was the entire staff.  The whole process was easy and they took their time with us to make sure we had a pleasurable experience.  We had our ceremony outside in the courtyard.  To me, nothing could have been more perfect.  A bright sunny day, the two of us in the shade of the trees in the midst of a great lawn as we said our vows.  It seemed no one was around for miles.  It was just for us, as we promised ourselves to each other.  I know she may want a full ceremony one day for her or for our family or for whoever, but this day was ours and the clerk's office played a big part in making it so.  Some people would say, and have said, this one doesn't count, that we have to wait for the real one.  But it does count.  It counts in that I am 100 percent committed to her now and always.  And the two people who need to know, know it, and know it intimately.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2008,12/2/2008,7,26,5,14,8>I can't rate this as one place, because it is contradictory. This place needs two seperate ratings - one as a hangout and one as a hotel.  I've tried it as both.  Everything about the atmosphere being cool is correct, so I'll skip that part. :) As a hangout, brunch spot, martini bar = A+ Fun atmosphere, a nice break from other "trendy" spots and superb meet-up spot to impress your friends with.  Delicious food, affordable (under $10) drinks and a decent selection of beers on-tap.   Nice place for a party.*  As a hotel = B.   It photographs well and it is exciting to drive up to a little piece of nostalgia.  The rooms are tiny but the design makes up for the smallness.  They get an A for effort, but a C for execution.  "Every room has a fish" - cute, right?  Only if they are alive.  I booked four rooms here for out-of-town visitors and 2 out of 2 rooms had dead fish.  All bathrooms had hair in the drain.  Not squeaky clean enough for ~$300/night.   For $79/night, sure.   On the positive side, you get the use of a beach cruiser with your hotel booking:)  A great way to sightsee in Point Loma.The staff:   Not very "seasoned" as far as hospitality goes.  Otherwise Nice, very chill, kind of "alternative" and know the local area well.*If you are a smoker, this is not the place for you.  You will need to smoke outside the hotel entrance and not around the pool, even though it is outside. The property is too small, by law, to accomodate outside smokers next to the eating and sleeping areas.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,12/1/2008,5,4,11,12,12>Mai Ling absolutely rocks my world!!!!!!!! I grew up a curly headed child with every hair cutting disaster that comes along with being dealt that cruel hand of fate. I had two options, either long with no styling whatsoever or short and mangled into some sort of secretary/mom nightmare. I had resigned myself to a lifetime of perpetual updos, when Mai Ling turned everything around for me. This woman is some sort of natural hair cutting wiz. She gives a haircut that is even better than anything I imagined my hair could do, and part of that is because she takes time to thin out the curls that are going to make me look like Annie, and beefs up the ones that are going to keep me looking like Clara Bow. I have been stopped at parties, in the grocery store, and chased to my table by a waitress- all these women demanding to know where I got my hair cut, and I am always happy to impart the golden nuggets of information that I am sharing with you now. Go to her, have your life changed...then come back and send me a thank you- trust me, you'll want to.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,11/30/2008,646,679,11,10,11>You're fuming. A long day at work or school, and things did not go the way you planned it. Stressful and alone, you could settle for a massage from that special someone right now, but will it really relieve your tension? Enter Sarah's Smash Shack, a session in anger management and private self destruction. Sarah's Smash Shack offers a unique way to handle all of life's problems by breaking objects you can purchase from her store. The objects, photo frames, ceramic dishes, plates, or glass flowers, all offer an incredible rush when hurled into a wall plated with a metal sheet. The room itself looks like a crash-test site. The familiar checker board décor reminds us of those commercials in the 80s with talking crash test dummies, Vince and Larry, whom advocated safety belt education. Nearly sound proof, the rooms feature thick walls, two glass windows for others to view your sick enjoyment and a stereo system to plug in your favorite "Hulk smash" songs. The trip begins with a purchase of everyday items you'd find in a kitchen or living room. Items made of glass and ceramic line the walls as you enter Sarah's Smash Shack. Sign a waiver of liability and suit up in a jump suit that makes you feel like Joel from Mystery Science Theater 3000. They have different colors and sizes to fit nearly everyone. Along with the jump suit, they also provide the face gear and a head covering. Finally, you wear gloves for protection against shrapnel--and to really experience the Smash Shack, you'll need the gloves.After procuring your items and suiting up, you enter one of two Break Rooms located on site. One sits behind the main office with a glowing neon sign that states "Break More Stuff." The door is shut and you plug in your iPod and push play. For the next few moments you are free to destroy all the objects you've just purchased. Chuck it at the wall. Throw a plate like a shuriken in proper ninja fashion. The fun derived from obliterating inanimate objects cannot easily be described, but there is a sense of fulfillment in a world where work never seems to get done, and social lives are always a mess. You find peace in destruction all while the music of Prodigy is blaring in the background. The harder you throw, the bigger the smash--surely this is some law of physics we were taught in high school. What they didn't teach you was that the harder you throw something against a wall, the faster it comes flying back at you. Splash damage if you will. The experience lasts as long as you have stuff to break. My first experience lasted about 6 minutes in total, but breaking things, while awkward at first throw, quickly grew into a sensation of lust. When it was done, I wanted to break more stuff.Good news for those with excess junk, Sarah's Smash Shack also allows you to break your own stuff. For a small fee, you can use their Break Room and smashing suits for your own whimsical pleasures. Sarah's Smash Shack, located downtown near many local watering holes, is open until midnight on the weekends and caters to San Diegans and tourists alike.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,11/29/2008,220,117,15,12,13>So last night my boyfriend wanted to get his pre-birthday party mobster style Italian pasta groove on to line his stomach with carbohydrate armour before heading to the birthday festivities at the Aero. Where else in the world would be go but this cool little mom'n'pop Italian place tucked into a corner beside the adult superstore? I'm pretty sure that the food doesn't deserve 5 stars (though twice now I've had the Cappelini Basilica and it's been delicious, and last night the caprese salad was also really good) but the late seventies vibe, totally friendly staff, and bottomless garlic bread basket (oh my greasy garlicky goodness) boot that sucker up over the top.Oh and if you *do* get the Basilica dish, I highly recommend smearing the chunks of roasted garlic on a piece of toast with some of the basil and tomato sauce. You won't have to worry about being attacked by any crazy vampire fetish people when you go check out the 'hardware' next door, and it tastes really good, too.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,11/28/2008,101,101,8,15,15>Sunset was at 7:36pm - and I wanted to time dinner just right for this very special evening: I was going to propose to my girlfriend.Where do you go on a night you're to remember for the rest of your life?We had never gone here before, but the reviews here on Yelp were stellar, save for a few that claimed it was overrated. I noted the concerns, paused, then went ahead with the call.I was asked if it was for a special occasion. Why yes, it was! But she wasn't supposed to get the hint until much later that evening, so I said Yes, but I asked them not to say or act on it. ** I ** wanted to be the one to spill the beans, and I didn't want anyone messing with my master plan!Parking was easy, and we were greeted promptly and showed to our table with little wait.I usually get a little antsy at fancy restaurants, like there's supposed to be some kind of choreography you're supposed to follow, but I felt at ease here. I wanted to have fun, and it was easy in this relaxed, elegant atmosphere.Our server, Chris, greeted us and asked if there was a special occasion for the evening. Yes, there was! But I provided as vague specifics as possible. After reluctantly telling him we needed to be somewhere by 7:36pm, he did a quick calculation in his mind and did something no other server in any restaurant had ever done before: he explained how he would take care of EVERYTHING and coordinate with the chefs as to the timing of every course, spacing every appetizer, entree, and dessert just right so we would be out in time to get to our destination, accounting for traffic.We were impressed. I took my finger off my mental clock and let Chris do the work for us. We relaxed and completely enjoyed ourselves. We ordered the Truffle Macaroni & Cheese for the appetizer, and for the main entree, she ordered the Ahi Tuna, while I ordered the Duck 'Quercinoise', accompanied by a couple glasses of the Willows Shiraz and Veramonte Sauvignon.The meal was absolutely DELICIOUS, and as promised, everything came out perfectly. The wait staff always kept our glasses full, and when they removed plates, we noticed they always did so standing from our right, and never reached across the table. When dessert came, Chris narrowed the set of choices for us based on the required amount of preparation time and the time we had planned to leave. He recommended the Creme Brulee. He was really on top of everything.I have never had a more pleasant dining experience than at Mister A's. This is TRULY a 5-Star establishment. Once they catch wind you're there for a special occasion, it's like they flip a switch and they work their hearts out to shine. And that they did.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/10/2008,11/27/2008,11,20,5,10,8>I go to The Linkery once or twice a year, and I do like that they have an ever changing menu with a few mainstays.This was my first visit to the Linkery at it's new location, which i have to say is quite the upgrade from the old digs (i've been to the old location a handful of times). The Linkery has come a long way since the owner (Jay) would walk around the neighborhood. handing out... something, it was a few years ago, probably menus. Jay's restaurant is a great part of North Park. The move appears to have been good for business as the place was packed last night.Another thing that is interesting about the Linkery is that they automatically add an 18% gratuity to every check. This is great for people who have issue calculating tips, but terrible for people who receive service that doesn't deserve an 18% tip. If you do happen to leave cash on the table, they donate it to charity.Also of note, they have an amazing selection of Beers and Wines, I didn't have either, but felt i should mention it. So, Andrew, why the 3?My friend an i went in toward the end of the day on a friday night. We didn't have to wait at all to be seated which was nice. That's not to say that the place wasn't packed, because it was, but there was a table or two available, and we got one.We looked over the menu, which took us a few minutes. I wanted to try the Bison pepperoni and i'm a big fan of cheese, so the cheese plate and bison were the two appetizers we ordered. I did ask our server what the Bison Pepperoni looked like so it was no surprise when it arrived exactly as it was described... "like a piece of beef jerky".  The Cheese Plate never arrived.  (i could have mentioned it, i suppose, i generally don't ask where the food is, i figure, once it's ordered it should just arrive.)After a few minutes we decided on our Entrees, my friend ordered the tenderloin i ordered the beef brisket sandwich, we were told that they had run out of the Tenderloin, so she went with her second option, which i believe was the Halibut with Israeli couscous. A few moments later, our server returns to inform us that they are also out of the beef brisket, so after some quick deliberation (i was hungry), i chose the Link plate, assuming they wouldn't be out of their Links- all which i believe are made in house. The links i chose were the Texas something- it was a spicy link, and a some sort of Wurst for the other. My friend and i talked for a 15 minute or so, hoping for that cheese plate, and drinking our Dublin Dr. Pepper (Dr. P with real sugar) and Boylan's Black Cherry sodas. As mentioned earlier, the cheese never arrived, but the entrees did, and my links were very good. I didn't ask my friend how her fish was, but the cut seemed awfully small.When the bill finally did come, the cheese plate was still on it, but was easily taken off by the server. The bill came to about $55 the two of us.I enjoy The Linkery, and i can definitely say that i will eat there again. i just couldn't justify a 4 star rating (and i can't give 3.5), because one item never came out, and two of the items ordered were not available (because they had run out at some point in the evening).
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2008,11/26/2008,269,89,9,12,11>The cask room certainly has a lot of style.  Upon entering into the small quaint room you feel immediately comfortable, they put a lot of effort into this as the lighting is soft yellow and the couches are very very soft and leather.  The atmosphere is so inviting and friendly that they even have a guitar on a stand at the bar for anybody to pick up and play at any time they would like, of course this means you have to be good otherwise you will be ousted, and booed, and have tomatoes thrown at you.I had a couple beers here, I know what wine tastes like, but a new microbrewery?  I had to try it.  Airdale Porter is a dark and delicious beer with Chocolate malt and hints of Cinnamon and Vanilla and let me tell ya, it was dammed good.  I would happily have another one at any chance I got, might be my new favorite beer here in San Diego knocking the Stone IPA into 2nd place.  Come to the cask room when you want to have a conversation with friends and relax, the casks around the wall creates a setting that wine lovers dream about and the quality around you is obvious.  Even the bathroom smelled nice and had decorations as if you were in a well designed home bathroom.  I will be back here, no question about it.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,11/24/2008,31,29,10,11,13>I was hoping to be the 100th review, but 99 will suffice. I need to start with a disclaimer:My review might be very scattered since I am very excited about Urban Solace.  My mind tends to wander when I get excited!I went to Urban Solace last night for my unofficial birthday dinner (my birthday is offically today!!) February 8th.  To begin, the building has to be the most attractive on all the block.  It stands out with its wrought iron balcony railings and stark white paint.  What I would give to be able to live above the place!!The interior: You walk in under this bulb white light.  I love the soft lighting of the place.  The interior design is also well done, the small sitting area for people as they wait for tables, the brick wall of the bar, the separation of the bar area and the dining area, the option to eat outside where it may be quieter and calmer. . . We were seated immediately at a table for two.  Enough of a wait to chat with the friendly hostess and digest the setting. . AND AND AND say hi to SCOTT the OWNER! HE has to be one of the most charming GENUINE people in Southern California. . . (iamfromtheeastcoastandyeshavesometroublesometimes­withcalifornians. . . notallofyou,butsome)!!!I was at Urban Solace for a Yelp event months and months and months ago, but Scott managed to recognize me and say hi and introduce himself to my guest! The service was very good.  Our server was cute and gave really good suggestions since we got our menus and gawked at them for a good 15 minutes or so trying to pair appetizers with entrees and still have room for dessert!!! The wine is very reasonably priced.  I selected a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon. . Foolish oak if I do recall. . not too sweet and a little spicy. . my kind of wine. . perfection on the tongue. . . After pondering over the menu options and asking loads of questions we decided to split two appetizers: biscuits and the warm spinach salad. . . yummy! The biscuits are a perfect Ten and the salad was everything a salad should be, right mix of greens, frisee (i think of frisee very highly, dream salads come with some sprigs of frisee), smattering of cheese and well proportionally dressed. . . Dressing a salad properly is a simple task that is very hard. . . (i always overdress my own!) . . .  The entrees were equally as delightful, delectable, indescribale ! ! ! I had the Artic Char. . . I did not even know what Char was but our server described it as a cross between salmon and trout. . it was almond crusted and cooked very well. . . it was a light dish. . . i didn't feel weighed down and ugh ugh ugh full after eating every last bite. . We savoured the wine and waited to digest some before dessert, but it was worth the indulgence. . I had the chocolate mousse cake and he got the butterscotch pudding. . . both were wonderful interpretations of the dishes. I was very impressed and touched to have mine arrive with a candle. . . I made a very good wish.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,9/15/2007,73,55,13,10,17>All I have to say is, I dropped my keys as I was getting out of my car.. OF COURSE I was standing next to a storm drain!!  The keys, as we all could have guessed, fell DOWN the drain and into oblivion!!My car has a sensor in the key and I HAVE NO spare!!  It was going to cost me $300 dollars for a replacement! ALAS, I made a quick little phone call to the city of SD, and they said they would send someone right out to retrieve my keys!!  OMG!!!  About 35 minutes later, my HEROS in Blue showed up, climbed down a stinky storm drain, and out popped a hand with my keys!!!When I tried to tip the guys $50 bucks, they told me they couldn't accept it!  Then I offered to buy them a coffee or something and they graciously said thank you, but tey were doing just fine! I know what I did must happen all the time, and in so, I am sure they get quite irritated at those particular calls.  They were very nice, and pleasant with me, and for that, they get AS MANY STARS AS POSSIBLE!  I'd give them 10 if it were available!!Thank you City of San Diego!  Now if we could work on the parking tickets....
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2006,9/14/2007,895,1265,10,5,14>Four words - CARNE ASADA FRENCH FRIES.  I think I have found my Mecca.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2007,9/13/2007,413,479,7,4,5>I will be honest that I had a GREAT time at Starlight, but I think it was the company and not the place.The decor is cool, but it is so at first that you feel like you are going to trip all over the sunken bar that is at about shin level ... and I was worried I might run into someone eating dinner and not even know until there was Risotto everywhere.The patio is much cooler, and it was overwhelmed with the Yelp Elite (hence the AWESOME company) and their guests ... The cocktails were very very good.  The food was decent (I had the burger ... which was a decent burger ... not quite cooked to specifications of Medium Rare, but close I guess ... but the only really exceptional thing about it was the Gruyere cheese on it and that it cost $13.00 with fries.  I guess it is all "humanely slaughtered" locally raised beef, which is cool ... so there is that ... but $13.00?  The menu selection was VERY small as well ... 4 entrees total, 2 salads. I think that this place is good, but certainly not worth all the hype.  I was expecting something really interesting and was presented by a place TRYING to be really interesting.  Easily worth 3 stars, and maybe 3.5 if I could ... but hard for me to budge higher.  Overall I liked it better as a Lesbian Bar ... youtube.com/watch?v=I7U8…
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2007,9/11/2007,112,64,1,30,25>(619) 233-3432 Areta Crowell Center is a mental health and substance abuse facility that specializes in helping the uninsured. It is filled with those crazy guys you meet on the street. The ones who are screaming at people you can't see. It also serves the very poor, single moms who are trying to make ends meet while dealing with some serious emotional issues, elderly people that don't have anyone else to help them through tough times. Sometimes it helps people that look pretty well-off, but for whatever reason they found the Center. A few years ago, Areta Crowell was helping me.I won't bore you with specifics. I needed some real help, but I was uninsured, and all I got from other places were two to three months long waiting lists. One of those clinics said, "maybe the Areta Crowell Center could take you sooner." I called them and I was in that week. This isn't some glowing report. There was paperwork and other bureaucracy. The building isn't exactly cheery. You might show up for a scheduled appointment and actually see the doctor an hour or more later. There are a lot of headaches, heck, some of the doctors I met really needed to learn to listen and we're talking psychiatrists here. But whatever, the Areta Crowell Center helps people that no one else will.I know people that Areta Crowell helped who are doing quite well. I know others, I still see them on the street, that aren't doing as great. They're alive though. I'm alive because of Areta Crowell Center.Frankly, I am not sure about posting this. I feel pretty vulnerable and I'm definitely not looking for pity. But Areta Crowell isn't a help you get in touch with your inner child sort of place and it doesn't deserve a, "bright clean decor, and the secretary was so sweet", sort of review.If I wrote about the Center impersonally I couldn't give them five stars. I'd complain even more about paperwork and time management and the state of health care. The sort of things the Areta Crowell Center takes on aren't that pretty. These guys are serving the poorest of the poor in San Diego and often you get what you pay for. They do what they can and they make a difference. That's five stars.If you have insurance and can afford your co-pay, don't go here. Then again, if you need help or you know someone that does, call Areta Crowell. Call them right now. Please.(619) 233-3432The posted number is wrong presently.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2007,9/10/2007,862,317,5,9,7>I would cheerfully rate this store higher if they had better customer service. It is very difficult to catch the attention of any sales associate at this location...What do you hafta do to catch their eye? Shoplift?The toy selection is pretty wonderful...even if you are completely on your own to make your selections!They have a pretty nice selection of baby and toddler clothes too!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2007,9/9/2007,28,189,5,10,8>And now the story of....The Little Italian Restaurant That Could!*Coming out of the station....*Tuesday night during SIGGRAPH.   I had to find a place to eat for 12 people.  Per Yelp's recommendation(shout out to the SD Talk section!!), the week prior I made a reservation at this little restaurant, after calling a few others that were rec'd, but all booked up because of the conference.  The thing is, I like organizing memorable dinners. Weird ways of cooking, or nice neighborhood, or just plain excellent food. Having only been to San Diego once before, I was really leaning on Yelp for this one.*Starting the climb up the hill....*Shortly before we were due to arrive, I received a call from the hostess that our reservation was going to be 20 -30 mins late. Uhm, excuse me? What was the reservation for? "Large parties are hard to accommodate" was the answer I received. "That's why I made a reservation" was my hungry and cranky retort.  *Wow, this mountain is really steep, I just don't think we're going to make it....*A few minutes later, the manager came out to explain a party that had arrived two hours prior still hadn't left. Okay okay.... that does suck.  Free appetizers were offered - he could probably read our SIGGRAPH-weary faces.  I was disappointed. I like organizing memorable dinners, but maybe I should have added POSITIVE and memorable? The wait was really bringing my party down, and although the food was supposed to be good.... I mean... how good could this place be?*Almost at the very top...*From beginning to end, the service was enthusiastic and friendly. The atmosphere was very nice - a small restaurant, but it didn't feel cramped or noisy, and although I was at a table for 12 I still felt like I could hear and talk to everyone.  *ALRIGHT! Now fly on down the other side!!!!*The food was FANTASTIC.  I had the Penne al Bacio, which about as simply as it gets - penne with red sauce and a bit of aged cheese on top. The red sauce was spiced perfectly. The bread served beforehand was so good I think every single person moaned at one point during our main course about eating too much of it. One of my friends got the risotto with asparagus, served in a fried cheese bowl....I am now declaring it the best risotto I have ever tasted. Oh so rich but also so complex in flavor. I finished with a bite of my friends strawberry napolean(?) which was exquisite, as well as a divine cup of espresso. The total for our party including tip was $27.50/person, although we only had one bottle of wine during dinner.  For such a fantastic meal, I will definitely be returning!Everyone in my party enjoyed their dinner, but only two of us actually finished. Oh well.... looking forward lunch today I must say.  Hooray, Buon Appetito! You made it!!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2007,9/8/2007,147,57,7,7,8>Hrm.All I can say is that I smell like bacon and it's grossing me out. I didn't even have bacon. And I don't like bacon.If you like oversized portions of god knows what, then the HH is the place for you. Like seriously...fried chicken topped with bacon, topped with gravy, topped with a mound of cheese....to me, is a far cry from appetizing.This is the epitome of American breakfasts- too much bad food...but they try to hide it with semi-impressive presentations and a stick of rosemary. Underneath that facade is way too much really bad food. Period.I was also unimpressed that I couldn't order the granola and fruit when everyone was ordering their big gross breakfasts. Granola was on the breakfast menu, but not on the late breakfast menu. How much does it take to pour a bowl of cereal, throw some milk on it and bring it out? But they could manage to cook up the monstrous scary breakfast meals and haul it to the table.So I ordered a chicken salad sandwich, and asked for a side of fruit. "Ah, yeah, we can't do it...you can have a side of fries if you want." But every single plate of breakfast food was coming out with fruit. Why couldn't my sandwich be joined by some fruit. Who the hell knows. This concoction rolls out to the table, and I would've literally had to have been one of those Mony Python cartoon characters whos heads split open to get the sandwich into my mouth. I mean, seriously, I don't need a 6 inch thick sandwich. Are you trying to impress me? It didn't work. So after picking at my not very good sandwich with a knife and fork, I gave up. I actually lost my appetite the moment the other food rolled out. I was amazed and disgusted by the amount of food on the table.So anyway, I'm bumping it up from 2 to 3 stars because I must say the company I was with was great, and that made the experience bearable....God, I need a shower. I feel like a big ol' piece of bacon. Bleck.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,9/6/2007,20,52,12,13,9>So here's the deal: Sunday before Memorial Day, we were - wait for it... - having some beers at the eponymous Mission Beach, one short minute from my digs. i had hopped over the seawall to have a smoke and not break that law (though now the boardwalk is off limits to that vice now too), but lapsed mentally and left my brew on the wall. The officers asked Sarah if it was her beer, and she, not knowing the law, jerked her thumb towards me and said, cheerily, "No! It's his!"i was toast and i knew it, so i harangued the officers quite good-naturedly, figuring to earn the quarter-thou i was in the hole for. Instead, they handed me a flier: if i was a good boy, then i could just do some service and get that infraction expunged and be let off the hook for the fine! Bonus!A month later i spent a couple hours in the evening at Discover PB, hearing a "program on the effects of alcohol on the beach community." First, a community impact panel of old homeowners discussed with us the social aspect (i'm volunteering to bring some *ahem* diversity to that panel). Then a somewhat graphic PowerPoint presentation by the head trauma-nurse at Scripps LaJolla about the admittedly bad things that can happen when boozing it up. Then a sermon from a police officer.The funny thing was that most of the people there were young - surprise - and dressed in some finery! Would've been a great singles' scene were i wanting revenge for Sarah fingering me (in the not-cool way; totally forgiven, though).Then we picked up trash for four hours on Saturday. Thanks, out-of-towners, for helping me clean my general neighborhood! Next time i'm in Santee ("next" time?), i'll collect some funk in solidarity with my orange-vested con buddies.Photo of gnarly motorcycle-crash facial trauma? Check.Pressing need to ice my hand - somehow - after four hours of using a grabby thingy to pick up butts? Check.Saved myself about $40 an hour, all told? Sweet checkeddy-check.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,9/5/2007,202,136,9,13,17>I'll admit, I was pretty hesitant to grab some sushi at a place called "PB Sushi."  The name just didn't convince me to be the name of a sushi joint worth trying.  But as the saying goes "Names can be deceiving" or something like that :)Anyway!  I was yearning for some sushi, and once I get that craving it can't be ignored.  I wanted to try a different sushi place in PB other then Zen 5 and I remembered that PB Sushi got good rating on Yelp so I demanded my driver (aka my bf) to take me there.  Wanting to avoid my wrath that I sometimes get when I'm really hungry, he put the pedal to the metal and we were there in no time.  I decided to do take-out because considering how hungry I was I wanted to be able to stuff my face without caring what I looked like.  The hostess (who confused me with her occasional Japanese "thank yous") was really nice and took my order as my bf and I sat down and browsed through some magazines.  She also made sure to fill me in on the fact that their "Happy Hour" is from 12-6pm ever day (I think) and you get 20% off your rolls, but only if you dine-in.Once home, I relished in my yummy sushi (I got a Calamari roll---yum!! and my bf got Philadelphia rolls--also yum, though I prefer sushi without any cream cheese in it....still good though!) and vowed that next time, we'd dine in...during Happy Hour of course! :)_____________________________Edited 7/8/07:I gotta say, I finally had my "Yelp Moment" and it felt FABULOUS!!  My bf and I were in kind of a bad mood because we had just finished shopping in UTC and we were starving!  I get really bitchy when I'm hungry and he gets really pissy so it wasn't a great combination.  We weren't sure what we wanted or where we wanted to go so we finally decided to go for sushi.  We drove to PB Sushi and were seated towards the back diagonal from the kitchen/register.  Upon sitting, I was pretty dizzy from hunger and a little upset when we hadn't been giving anything to drink or asked if we wanted anything to drink upon sitting.  Granted they were really packed, but I was really thirsty and about to fall over.  I noticed a woman kept looking at me and motioned for one of the girls to high-tail it to our table and she did, taking our orders.  My bf left to go to the restroom and while he was gone the woman that had been looking at me came over with our waters and smiled warmly at me.  I didn't really think anything of it and proceeded to inhale my water.  My bf came back and as he did so did our gyoza, however, much to my surprise the woman who was staring at me before and brought our waters over also accompanied our gyoza with an edamame (which I had not ordered, but was thinking about ordering).  She explained to me that it was a complimentary dish for having to wait for our waters----my jaw dropped and I thanked her for the consideration (so excited because I regretted not ordering the edamame!!).  About 15 minutes later our sushi came, looking magically delicious like Lucky Charms!  I ordered the Rainbow Roll (my all-time fave sushi), my bf ordered a Spicy Crispy Roll, and we shared a California Roll.  About 5 minutes into eating, a Japanese man came over to our table, looked at me and said "Are you Aubrey?"  Stunned, I nodded and said yes, thinking maybe he knew me form back home in CT.  That is, until he began thanking me up and down for my review of PB Sushi on Yelp!  I suddenly felt like a star as he continued to gush about how great it is to have such nice things said about his restaurant and kept on asking my bf and I if we needed anything else, or wanted any beer or sake.  He also explained that he had just taken over the restaurant about 2 months ago and that the woman who was looking at me is his wife.  He also said that he has fresh fish delivered to his restaurant everyday except on Sundays---which is ALWAYS good to know!!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2007,9/4/2007,7,5,8,5,5>Such a charming little dive. Kind of.The cheap drinks are definitely a plus, otherwise the on-the-verge-of-alcohol-poisoning regulars just might put someone off. I had one of these "regulars" slurringly ask my date (she was a fan of dives, go figure) if she'd ever been with an Irishman. Definitely a highlight of the night.I can't remember the bartender's name, but he had full sleeves on both arms, so I just assumed he would make a good drink.I was right.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,10/1/2010,166,79,14,17,16>"You's a buster!"   Hearing the name you'd think this was a place for gangsters, but don't forget to acknowledge the words beach house and longboard BAR.  Their happy hour should cheer you up.  If your sad seven days a week between 2-7pm then drive ur ass over to busters.  Grab a glass of bud light for $2.  If that doesn't tickle ur fancy they have Mai tai's for $3.50 and their house beer for $3.  Still sad?  Well eat away!!!  The food on happy hour should do the trick.  $1 carne asada, and fish tacos.  They've got more but that's what I usually get.  If none of this cheers you up, holla at ME, I'm free!!  Awesome employees.  Liz the bartender, Deon and Dominique the servers are the only names I can remember, but I a sure you the  rest of the employees are nothing short of awesome!  I'm usually at the bar so Liz takes care of me and the other guests.  Liz is very attentive, she always makes sure your cup and your stomach isn't empty.  This girl can definitely brighten up your day.  Deon is a cool dude.  He was the homie Aarons server one time and he had nothing but great things to say about him.  Dominique served us one time and she was the bomb!!  Attentive as well, and managed to keep our 5 separate checks accurate.  Girl got skills!Parking shouldn't be a problem, they've got a spacious parking lot.  You can get dropped off in your personal helicopter if you want.     You may not always get served by the same person but whenever they see you they always have the time to say hi or engage in a little conversation.  EVERY employee at busters deserves credit.  ALL of them make my friends and I feel welcomed and I'm sure they'll do the same to you.  HOLLER!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,9/30/2010,432,198,22,21,20>I remember reading a review of this place from ACE D. monkeyfeet555.yelp.com  I always told myself that I would try it someday. (I mean its like 10 mins away from my pad) So finally, I came here with my buddy and tried out their famous chili dogs.Immediately I see the sign that reads "Voted Best Pastrami by the Unknown Voter" The "unknown voter" haha so was that some random dude who fell in love with their meat? I mean that's one vote. That's just an opinion. I heard of the "unknown Eater" but not the "unknown Voter" Correct me if I'm wrong, are they both the same person?Anyway I didn't come for the pastrami. Maybe next time. I came for the chili dogs and what ever else I can eat that's covered in chili and cheese.GOOD:- Chili dogs were pretty good. static2.px.yelpcdn.com/p… I'm used to the ones from PINK'S where you get the "snap" in every bite.- Frito Pie:(to the tune of AMERICAN PIE) "bye bye chili cheese frito pie, food was heavy, very heavy and it made my mouth dry. I'll eat some more let's just hope I don't die. If I do this will be the reason why!! This will be the reason why"BAD:- wish they had more variety on the menu.UGLY:- Did you see the pics of the food? Take a look. static1.px.yelpcdn.com/p…Let's just say it came out looking just like that. Amazing!!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/28/2010,9/29/2010,859,450,31,31,30>Bobalicious definitionMakes the teens go locoThey want the tapiocaSo they come here by the choke fullYou can see them, can't ignore 'emI ain't lyin', I ain't tryin'I got reasons why I fell oldTeens come and go in possesBobalicious(sorta delicious)But I ain't facetiousAnd if it weren't conspicuousAll that suga be precariousI slurp boba(sluuurp)That puts the teens on suga shockAdults be linin up...what a shockJust to buy what they gotBobalicious def Bobalicious def Bobalicious def def def def defBobalicious is kinda t-t-t-tasty, tastyBottom line: The boba here is adequate....it would be better if the service weren't so rude and crappy the last time I came here with my bff.Another downside is that the crowd tends to be on the really young side. Despite the fact I am 22...it still made me feel old  -___-"However, this is one of the cheapest places to get boba, making it an in-between place that balances the good and bad.Oh wait, they are cash only. Grrrrrr.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2009,9/28/2010,282,207,12,15,15>I'm so happy this place has joined the College Area eats. So what got me to try it? That wonderful sign advertising $3.00 breakfast burrito. A growling stomach and a sign like that are no match!I went in to the restaurant and first off what got me was that it was so clean! This is something not very common with many places now, so for it to be looking so spic n span it stood out. I ordered the bacon, egg, cheese and potato burrito. $3.00 just like the sign said and it comes with coffee!I don't expect much from coffee that comes out of push containers but to my surprise it was good! I got my burrito and took the first bite. Wowzza it was great! What was so great about it was the bacon. It wasn't typical bacon strips bites but chunks of bacon the good kind. I've never seen this type of bacon served on a breakfast burrito. It's a keeper.  They also have 3 variety of salsas, you can either take it in a mini container or go Mexican style and put it in a baggie :-)I saw someone order the Supreme Quesadilla that thing looked good! It's next on my list even though I don't eat cheese :-)This place is a must!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,9/27/2010,376,293,15,13,14>If you're in search for gargantuan meaty burgers packed with a juicy savory punch, look no further.  Welcome to Hodad's in Ocean Beach!As roomie and I strolled down the street, we noticed a pretty long line outside this place.  We decided to come back on a weekday evening to check it out.  Smart idea, because it took us less than 5 minutes to get seats.  Woo hoOoOo, score!Yelp suggested I order the single bacon cheeseburger basket with fries.  Roomie was feelin quite burly and manly so opted for the double cheeseburger.  Then he copied me and ordered a root beer.As we waited less than 10 min for our meal, we noticed the ADD-induced spectacular decor.  License plates cover the walls and were pretty entertaining to read.  Now to the grub.  Oh goody, the burger juices dripped down our chins as we devoured the fatty burgers.  These burgers come packed with veggies and their patties have major girth, no joke!  We took one bite for the veggies, and a second bite for the meat.Be prepared to wipe yourself after every bite as it may get sloppy.  It's quite the monster to tackle, but man o man, sooooo delish!  This place is a definite MUST-TRY if you're in the OB hood.Next time, I will opt for the Mini because I had to force the last few bites down.  Fries were the thick cut wedges and were yum.  Rootbeer was perfect to drown it all down.  Mm mmm, my belly couldn't be happier!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,9/26/2010,894,543,14,16,15>I have a love hate relationship with this place. This is how much LOVE I have for this place. I am going to be a bridesmaid for a wedding this coming Saturday. I purposely ordered my dress a size smaller so I wouldn't gain any weight. After the yelp party last Thursday a few of us Yelpers decided to go here to eat. I have to admit, my dress is a bit tight after eating here last Thursday. I had the Hawaiian deep dish pizza. Wowzers! Thick slices of ham, no luncheon meat here.  Sweet chunks of pineapple resting on a buttery flaky deep dish crust. The tomatoes used for the sauce were so plump and juicy they pop in your mouth. One of the best Hawaiian pizza's I have ever had honestly! I finally got a chance to try the cinnamon knots. Full on gluttony with these. You know those $3.00 churros at Disneyland? Well, I have to admit these are up to par with those! *gasp*!  For $5.50 you can experience a little bit of perfect bliss. Deep fried dough then perfectly seasoned in cinnamon and a sweet frosting. Scott was even kindly enough to stay after closing to feed us 5 hungry Yelpers. He usually closes around 10:00pm but stayed there till 11:00pm for us! Oh Roccos...how much I love you. The only reason I hate you is because you are too far from me and my poor waistline is hurting. But hey, it's pizza what do you expect?!!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,9/25/2010,2030,893,10,19,16>This is a great little restaurant and probably one of the better italian restaurants in town.  Here are a few items that we had for dinner last night.Mista Salad - basic green salad with ribbons of carrots, sliced tomatoes and cucumbers with a basic balsamic vinaigrette. One of the cheaper salads but one that won't disappoint. Salame Pizza - My husband ordered another pizza (go figure). If you enjoy thin pizzas, you'll love theirs. They don't scrimp on the salami and you'll instead find layers of it. It has a great spice to it which pleases my palate just perfectly. The pizzas are large so you can easily share this with another person. Tagliatelle alla Bolognese - I love a good, meaty bolognese and they serve a good one. I like a little kick to my bolognese so I always mix in a little of the crushed red pepper and then it's perfect. The dinner portions are large but for $16 for a bowl of pasta, you feel like you're getting your money's worth. Expect to have a lot of left overs unless you're a big eater. I usually bring home nearly half. House Chianti - perfect addition to a pasta dinner but $11 for a glass seemed to be a bit high. I can see spending $11 on a martini but for a house chianti?? hmmm -  I do have to admit, it had pretty good flavors.  Our dinner came out to $60 but we did have all the left overs for lunch today so that makes me feel like we got a good bargain for a mid week dinner. I'd definitely recommend this quaint italian restaurant in Encinitas. This is much better than Vigilucci's a few doors down. If you're on the fence between the two, go here.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,9/24/2010,519,365,19,23,18>Okay, I'm not really a fan, but let me tell you why it gets 4-stars.Got kids? Come here. Compared to Peter Piper Pizza or Chuck E. Cheese, this place is cool. It's newer! It's cleaner! There are no giant rodents around to scare the crap out of you or your kids! I don't even know why you'd want to compare this to Dave 'n Busters, especially with their stricter drinking rules enforced, after the shooting that happened over there. They're not even on the same playing field, with DnB being the place for "the adults". With that said, I sure as hell wouldn't want drunk strangers around my kids, if I had any.For the cheap party option, my cousin paid out $12 per person. It got all you can eat food (pizza, pasta, salad and dessert), a private party room and game/ride time. A good deal, if you have to entertain a crapload of kids. Let them get tired on the rides or playing games. A ton of options. At the end of the day, they'll be knocked out. Sweet.Surprising, the salad bar was crisp and fresh, even if the options were limited. The pasta wasn't entirely bad, either. I'm not saying that it's spectacular, but, at least, the big folks do have options. The pizza was decent and average. I counted about 8 different combinations to choose from. Yeah, they had unusual flavor combos, but the kids loved it. And, yes, I did try the peanut butter pepperoni pizza. Oddly, it wasn't as revolting as I'd thought it would be. But, unless I'm pregnant anytime soon, I doubt I'll have cravings for it.Service? Prompt, friendly and efficient. We're not talking rocket science, folks. It's a kids' hang out place, at a freakin' mall. Expect hella kiddies and teenagers galore. HELLA! As long as the kids have fun, then John's Incredible Pizza did a good job. And trust me, the kids had a ton of fun. Happy, smiley faces everywhere.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,9/23/2010,227,758,23,29,28>It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood,A beautiful day for a neighbor.Would you be mine? Could you be mine? So let's make the most of this beautiful day,Since we're together we might as well say,Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Won't you be my neighbor?--------Most things I've heard about Neighborhood had led me to believe I'd dislike it.  So wrong!  Boyfriend went here with a colleague last week and hasn't shut up about it since.  Now, I too am a big fan.We arrived for lunch on Sunday before the 1:05PM Padres game.  The place was dead when we entered at noon and packed when we left 45 minutes later to head to Petco Park.I think Neighborhood's decor is incredible.  Design details such as the tile mural, lighting fixtures, and embossed leather booths really impressed me.  Very cool vibe/ambiance with songs such as Johnny Cash's "Hurt" playing quietly.  Also, I was blown away by how small the place is; sort of makes it extra special.About our food:(1)  My boyfriend's toasted chicken sandwich--it's not listed in the online menu, and thus I'm unable to provide its formal name--was delicious, though the bread was grilled too severely for my liking.(2)  My herbed garlic chicken wrap?  It totally sucked!  Wrapped very loosely.  Contained very little chicken and a whole lot of greens, sprouts, and carrots.  It was also really dry; why the majority of the sauce was squirted on the outside of the wrap (see photo) I have no idea.(3)  The massive mound of sweet potato fries were exactly what I'd hoped they'd be--utter perfection.  Truly some of the best fries I've had in my life.I love that Neighborhood serves their sandwiches and burgers with side salads rather than fries.  (Obviously, we did order fries during this dining out experience, but it's atypical for me to indulge in fatty fries.)  I abhor beer and didn't have anything other than water to drink.  My guy, though, really enjoyed the dark and amber beers he ordered--and they were inexpensive at about $5, $5, and $6.The waitresses were all very friendly and knowledgeable.Just shy of a 5-star review.  Neighborhood!  Oh, how I love thee!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,9/22/2010,472,335,13,18,17>I pass this place twice every weekday on my way to and back from work.  I have always been turned off by the tacky font they chose to use for their big Bangin' Burgers sign.  Nevertheless, after reading several reviews endorsing this place (including a recent ROTD), I decided to close my eyes and walk into Bangin' Burgers for an after-work meal.This place is spacious, seemingly has a regular crowd of clients at the bar and billiards area, and has nice new TV's playing the current ball games.  The facilities are also pristine, including their condiment and fountain drink area, which probably is more prone to mess.The thing I can 100% vouch for is their happy hour.  I enjoyed a pitcher of PBR, a brat, a third-pound bangin' burger, grilled cheese, tater tots, fries, and sweet potato fries, all for a cool 20 bucks.  And guess what? Every single item was solid. SOLID.Their burger, topped with grilled onions by request and then self-applied Bangin' sauce from the condiment station (which was basicallly 1000 island with a hint of mustard), was well seasoned, not overcooked, and the bun was substantial and more characteristic than your more common Wonderbread varieties.The tater tots were probably some of the best I've been privy to sample.  I don't know whether they're store-bought or not (it probably doesn't matter), but the attention to proper frying technique and appropriate seasoning made these tots really hit home.All the fried potato items, in fact, were well-seasoned and really didn't need ketchup for dipping.I regret not checking this place out sooner, and I plan to try out more of their menu, especially the brunch burger (bacon, cheese, egg and burger), which I am truly excited about.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,2/21/2008,37,137,3,10,5>Oh my sweet lord, yes!Thanks to two 5 star Yelp ratings, we decided to check this place out. We were given the most awesome home-cooked mexican food i've ever had. First, the nice woman behind the counter gave me a taste of each of the entrees - pork, chicken, beef, and chicken mole. They also offer a couple of soups.All of the samples were tasty, but we went with the beef. It was basically a mexican beef stew, not as spicy as some of the other offerings, with a tomato base and corn, potatoes, etc. For $6.85 you get a nice portion of this, rice, beans, tortillas, and two "sides". I am not sure what all the side choices are, since a bit of a language barrier got in the way. We did get two chicken enchiladas as our side. We also ordered two empanadas, one cheese and one beef. This was quite enough food for two of us, and the bill came to $10.18. I will definitely return soon and often!UPDATE: i went again this week. the language barrier was still there, but the cute gal behind the counter helped me through it. turns out, the $6.85 is for two meats or "sides",  rice, beans, and tortillas. i had the pork pozole (which i realized later was not "papazole" as i heard her say) and ended up getting cheese empanads, since i thought that i had to pick a "side" versus another meat. confusing, yes, but just ask for tastes and choose which two taste best!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2007,2/20/2008,26,7,1,6,9>Shopping is like an extension of a lifestyle for most of us. For some people, it's what they do - they don't just go shopping if they need clothes, shopping is like a hobby, or a first love. For others, it's the search for an identity ( I'm not trying to be melodramatic ) but so much importance is placed on what a person wears that you classify them on first sight what sort of a person they are. So it really matters that what you wear reflects what person you are ( or you can try to be a certain type of person by dressing that way, but that's going round and round in circles, so never mind that ). Having said all that, Urban Outfitters has to be one of my favorite shops.Urban Outfitters used to be a purely American - more exactly Manhattan - thing. Don't think Sex and the City New York style, think SoHo and Village mix. The shop there is a strictly whole block affair, where you check your bag in when you walk through the doors, maybe because they have a problem with shoplifting or on a brighter note, the place is so big and stuffed with treasures that inadvertently you'll spend more than 2 hours in there ( my first time, we had to go in 3 times in 2 days, averaging an hour or more each ) In this treasure trove, you'll find patterns, stripes, textures, shoes, make-up, dresses, wraps, music, lighting, jewelry, anything and everything you could possibly need ( which explains why you spend so long in there ) The entire feel of the place is like a massive, eclectic warehouse, bright and crazy where you wouldn't know the time of day until you stumbled out umpteen hours later. ( Of course, a lot of people claim that it is far more mainstream now, but, well... )Urban Outfitters in San Diego though, is a slightly different kettle of fish. Smaller, crisper and seemingly more organized. Walk through the doors, no bag check. No massive bouncer type guard at the door. Instead of crisscrossed rows packed with every size and colour imaginable to man kind, clothes are lined ( not exactly displayed nor is it really that neat ) and the thought " where do I start" doesn't really cross your mind.Their staple t-shirts with all different necklines can be easily found as are their latest (depending on the season) " collection " of sweaters or summer dresses, flared cords or ethnic patterned skirts in all the colours you could hope for. All these things are bespokenly " Urban Outfitt-ed", recognizable for those who probably spend a lot of time in there but not as easily spotted as THE Gap white tee. Elsewhere you'll see the entire home range, from trendy Indian muslins to patterned pillows and throws. At the back of this well lit room is a small section of great finds. Vintage t-shirts and jackets can be found here, when I say vintage, I mean it looks vintage, worn, comfortable and perfectly adaptable to your own style. This is probably the section where you will find items to add your wardrobe no matter what seasonal updates you've just added to your closet. Further in are hangers with lingerie displayed; not the Calvin Klein, not the La Perla, but crazy, fun, pieces with a lot of "zing" in them. If you've managed to get this far, you'll probably gather that I love this store. It isn't one of those difficult to find cult stores, yet it isn't mainstream, well maybe a tad bit.However, if you feel a bit fanciful, up for a bit of a splurge, then join me in the queue.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,2/19/2008,415,328,7,5,9>I really like this place. The bar staff is friendly, pretty good looking, and they make a damn good drink. Also, kudos for the photo booth, cause I always love taking home souvenirs from the bar.I went last night to meet a bunch of yelpers for Thirsty Thursday. Good job Viola on this pick! Generally, we tend to take over a place because there are so many of us. This usually means I only get to chat up the yelpers and no new people. Well the Waterfront was plenty full without us there so I got to meet new people and recruit some new yelpers:-) Always looking to do my part to swell our drunken ranks. Anyway, I was super surprised at how busy it was because it's kind of out of the way with not a lot going on around it at night. I guess I am the last person in San Diego to find this great bar.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,2/16/2008,30,105,15,11,12>Don't tell my wife, but I have a crush on Lulu's.  A big one.Walked in this past Saturday in a BAD mood.  A big bad ugly hormonal pregnant tearful pissy mood, which was only compounded by my scary toenails and scratchy feet (caused, of course, by being unable to see or reach said feet in the first place).30 seconds after walking in the door, I felt better.  It smelled good.  It looked gorgeous.  It was little and funky and immaculately clean.  There was peppermint tea.  There were gossip magazines.  There was a very cool copper tub full of perfectly warm water to put my feet in.  There was a friendly pedicure lady, who didn't once try to sell me painted on flowers for my big toes, french tips, or anything else "extra".And I got to spend AN HOUR soaking and relaxing and drinking tea and having my feet massaged with tangerine sugar scrub and cooled with some kind of peppermint mask (to match my tea?) and then rubbed with something very smooth and pink.  My calves, too.  And they appreciated it - in a big way.As did my wife an hour later when she came to pick me up and I could actually smile at her - the pissy tearful hormonal pregnant lady with the ugly feet banished, at least for the afternoon.Lulu's - you are wonderful.  Thank you.__________________________________________________­____Update: Nearly 3 weeks later, my mother sees me in sandals and says, "did you get a pedicure?  Your toes look pretty."  Yup, that's right - nearly 3 weeks later.  I mean, maybe she was just used to the ugly feet, but still...
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2008,2/15/2008,371,261,35,25,29>[to the tune of LL Cool J - Doin' It]:It's a quarter past six and I'm feelin' kinda hungryConventional methods of sating hunger kinda bore meI wanna eat some hamhocks get some pork chops with applesaucethat'll knock my socks offThen I thought of Huffman's and my eyes started blurrinThe thought of soul food made my mouth start a'slurrin'So I jumped in the 'yota and put it in driveI'm feenin' for the sauce, man.  I'm breakin' out hives!Mmm, Tony take it nice and slowYou don't wanna get pulled over by Mr. Po-PoYou gonna get some ribs and some hot links tonightand you're going to the place that'll do you rightNo doubt!  Huffman's what I'm talkin' about!How bout some sauerkraut?Wow, I'm a sicko and that's for realBut let's get back to the track I'm eatin' the whole damn meal!I'll be ribbin' it and ribbin' it and ribbin' it wellribbin' it and ribbin' it and ribbin' it wellribbin' it and ribbin' it and ribbin' it wellHuffman's represent BBQ, they was raised up in Lincoln [Park]!===Huffman's out guns Phil's any day.  Better ribs.  Better food selection.  Better wait.  I find myself striking up conversations with random people here all the time.  Instead of standing behind Pete Lardbutt who is trying to discreetly pass gas in front of me (to no avail), I'm standing around talking shop with Mr. Lived-Here-20-Years, who's preaching the gospel of BBQ to me.Take the short drive here and try it yourself.  It's worth it.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,2/14/2008,24,7,8,11,13>My friends threw a birthday party here, and the food and service were exceptional!  You gotta love being surrounded by French wine lists that go on for miles and dim, castle-like rooms.  The rack of lamb (medium rare, of course)  melts in your mouth and comes with an evil and delicious potatoes au gratin.I've been twice now and both times have been impressive.  Hopefully they won't get bought by the Cohen Group and crush my dreams.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,2/13/2008,292,68,40,11,18>The following occurred between 7:15-7:18pmIt was a rainy bastard of an evening and I needed to pick some stuff up from the drug store. I prefer Rite-Aid to CVS for sheer entertainment value. The people that patronize this store never cease to amaze me, this particular evening being no exception. It just so happens that I was the only person in the store until I went to check out. In the background can be heard Toto's Africa. Immediately, I'm pissed because I will not be able to get this song out of my head for weeks. The girl at the checkout counter  appears to be East Indian or Sri Lankan. She speaks English but not with any level of comfort. I walk up to the counter with my basket of goodies (Tylenol PM, Trident, Coke Zero, and Marlboro Reds). As I remove these items from my basket, I attempt small talk with the girl behind the counter. Ryan: Hey, how's it going?Indian Girl: okAt this moment a gentleman that can only be described as the filthiest representative of human slob buffoonery walks through the doors. His demeanor is more jovial than I would expect from a person of his stature.  He immediately begins to sing along to the song on the radio followed by something totally outlandish. Fat Slob: Its gonna take a lot to drag me away from youTheres nothing that a hundred men or more could ever doI bless the rains down in africaGonna take some time to do the things we never hadBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELCH!!!!Ryan: What the fuck....Indian Girl: (terrified) what was that?!Ryan: I don't know..Indian Girl: (cracks an uncharacteristic smile)Ryan: (can't seem to hold it together)Both: (simulanteously errupt into uncontrollable laughter)Ryan: HAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHAHHA!!!Indian Girl: HAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHA!!!!Aside from various experiences with the dregs of society, this Rite Aid is convenient, never too crowded, and has amazing deals on booze.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,2/12/2008,680,164,5,12,13>"To dream of wine"  Before I drift off to sleep tonight... to dream of wine, I write my 100th review about Sogno Divino.I truly love this place.  Nestled next to it's sister restaurant Buon Appetito, Sogno Divino is "a place for wine and appetizers" as the sign on their door says.  Instead of the heavy, rich and wonderful pastas and amazing menu at Buon, Sogno Divino offers a lighter fare of panini's, cheese plates and amazing salads.  Not to mention, the wine list.Normally, I wait for my table at Buon here, only tonight - we decided to partake in not only the wine, but some of the food as well....and OH MY GOSH I WILL BE BACK!!! Specifically for the Strawberry and Brie salad that my friend and fellow yelper Matthew H. had... HEAVEN!  Spinach greens, fresh strawberries, gooey brie and a sweet and tangy balsamic syrup dressing...I think I died and went to heaven.... or was at least well on my way, when our server placed 2 strawberry napoleon's (from Buon next door) and a strawberry tiramisu in front of our table of 8...NOW I WAS I HEAVEN! OMG!!!Between the incredible wines... (I've never disliked a glass there), the incredible desserts and the yummy, yummy salad... I can't believe we headed to dinner at Buon afterwards!  Then again, it is THAT good!Definitely a day of decadence but it was worth every single calorie....and I can't wait to be back! Guess I'm heading to the gym in the am!!!! Damn napoleons! ;-)
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2007,2/11/2008,159,243,3,11,8>Uh oh, I feel a new obsession coming on.  Okay, I read everyone's Yelp reviews and decided to try Ebisu for dinner tonight.  Since there are already a zillion reviews, I'll give you the short version.  It was amazing.  Highlights:Miso soup is a thousand times better with mushrooms instead of seaweed.The bowl the miso soup comes in is adorable.My water was filled about five times, but there were no annoying "can i help you. can i help you canihelpyou CANIHELPYOU" people to be found.  Very attentive and extremely polite and helpful waitstaff in a perfect, non-intrusive way.  They're open until midnight, and there is a "secret" lounge in the back with a full bar that I believe is open until two.  We walked in around eight on a Saturday night and had no trouble getting seated right away.  It seemed that as our time there went on, people did have to wait for seating, but it was nothing horrible at all, and because of the lounge in the back, you won't have to sit and be bored.  The music is bumping, and the vibe could easily be date-friendly or group of friends-friendly.  Two words:  Asparagus Roll.The food was perfect.  We ordered the Chicken Yakitori, Miso Soup, Edamame, Asparagus Roll, Avocado Roll, and California Roll.  I don't know why I was so impressed by the Asparagus Roll, but I think it's because I haven't ever had one before, and I love asparagus.  Whenever I cook chicken at home, it always becomes chicken, asparaus, rice, and edamame, so I had a special place in my heart for this meal.  The small rolls were really cheap - $3 or $4 bucks for the ones we got.  Though they were just plain and simple, they were really good.Anyway, everything was amazing.  We had a most enjoyable time, and we will so definitely be back.  I'm not sure if there is special parking here, but we found street parking a few blocks away.  There is also a parking lot that was four bucks nearby just in case.  The great news is, I remember to order my sushi with soy paper instead of seaweed (see my Zensei review).
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2007,2/10/2008,422,258,12,11,9>If you told me I'd slept on a cloud, I'd call you a liar.  Clouds could never be as comfortable as that bed was.  After a whole day of sitting in the uncomfortable chairs of the meeting rooms, the chairs in the guest room, and later the bed, were a whole helping of heavenly luxury.From the moment you set foot into the lobby of the hotel, every thing screams out *money*.  The beautiful floors and columns, the impeccably dressed staff, and the quick service at the concierge desk were nothing short of first class.Unfortunately, everything else also shouted out *money* as well.  As in, if you want to have this, you need to pay more *MONEY*.  Minibar?  *MONEY*Parking? *BIG MONEY*Internet Usage? *MONEY*Hotel Bar and Lounge?  *BIG MONEY* AND *TERRIBLE SERVICE*Breakfast Buffet? *MONEYMONEYMONEY*Even the self-parking, which was validated by the conference I was attending with my wife, was inconveniently located and cost $17/day.As others have noted in their reviews, these charges might be acceptable for business travelers on a major corporate expense account, but not for the rest of us folks.  They charge you for the convenience of not having to leave the hotel, and boy, do they love you for paying.Actually, they don't love you so much as they love your *MONEY*.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2007,5/3/2007,895,1265,3,4,6>It was New Year's Day, and not a single taco shop was open in all of North County San Diego.  So, we ended up at Arby's on Mira Mesa Blvd.I remember Arby's sandwiches very fondly - my dad used to bring home a couple of bags of them (we have a big family) and we'd all happily eat our roast beef and Arby's sauce + horsey sauce.  Well, this is the first time I've had Arby's in about twelve years and I was kinda disappointed - it's not as good as I remember.  Don't get me wrong, it's definitely a step above McDonald's and Burger King.  HOWEVER, there are these new things on the menu - Loaded Potatoes - little potato cakes with bacon, cheese, and chives and a ranch dipping sauce.  OMG.  SO. GOOD.  Eat at Arby's just for that!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2007,5/2/2007,190,724,5,5,6>After driving around Hillcrest for 30 minutes while alternating between exclamations of hunger and rants about the lack of %^&*^%& parking, we finally had a moment of clarity...Go to Los Panchos! They have parking! They have fast food and give you chips to tie you over while you wait. Why didn't we just go there in the first place?! OMG, I am so hungry!We pulled up right into a parking spot. Walked up to the counter (no line!) and ordered 5 rolled fish tacos, a veggie burrito and a soda. Ate some chips and salsa as we waited for our food and then dug in. MMM, cheap Mexican food! Two ravenous people ate to capacity for less than $10. Los Panchos likes to play loud, fast paced, high energy Mexican music. I'll admit that I involuntarily bopped my head to the music as I inhaled my dinner. Perhaps the music inspires fast paced food service and fast paced dining. I think it adds to the experience, but if you don't like it you can always go eat in your car. Go here when you are hungry, don't want to spend a lot, and don't want to drive around in circles all night. They also have a drive thru and they now accept credit cards. Woo! Bonus!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2006,5/1/2007,140,137,,6,4>The name should not fool you there are more than just sandwiches here, but oh are they delicious.  This Asian foodery sells a multitude of sandwiches like any other regular deli along with some ethnic selections.  Their bakery area sells anything from Bao to Bahn Kep (sweet waffles).  They have Asian desserts and a grocery section with drinks many people may have never encountered before, and i intend to try many of them.  One of the greatest things about this place is that they have Boba.  All of their slushie flavors are delicious and with the Boba, there could be nothing better.  You also have the option of getting jelly in your slushie.  If you have never been to this shop, you are missing out.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/16/2007,4/30/2007,230,125,18,10,8>This gym, much like Dick Cheney, has no soul. Most of the people that go here are life-sized dummies made of plastic foam. The front desk people treat you like common criminals, and there is never parking because the people that come here all drive huge lifted trucks that take up two parking spots. "This is Ah-mir-ica, god-dammit" they say, as they straighten out their flat-billed hats. "I'll park how the f**K I want!", they continue, to no one in particular, looking at their freshly inked iron cross tattoos in the reflection of their Ford Rangers. Although many people may not get the references, the people I describe here are known unaffectionately as "Bros and / or Turks(short for turkey)". They are living, breathing, walking monuments to all things cruel, stupid, and unnecessarily violent in the human spirit. I pray to any gods that will listen that these dumb beasts never spread out of east county san diego. The only reason this place gets any stars is because the equipment is newer. Actually, let me subtract a star right now. 2 stars, because you can't get serious here. There is too much pretentious, stupid bull shit going on.*Update- 1 star re-added because this gym, although a bit annoying at times, is still, as someone politely pointed out to me, not Santee. Also, they have an outdoor swimming pool, which is pretty ballin. *
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2007,4/29/2007,0,0,2,3,4>My favorite bar in North Park . .. DRINKCHILLSHOOT POOLDRINK OUTSIDESMOKE CIGARETTESall diferent types of eventslocal dj'sfull service barextra dirtygray goosestraight up . .. GOGOGO
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2007,4/28/2007,0,0,15,4,9>Have you ever ordered 80 jager bombs for you and everyone in the bar?Have you ever made out with a jukebox while singing Journey?Have you ever done the worm to Guns 'N Roses?  10 times in a row?Have you ever returned four months later only to realize all the bartenders cheered because they remember you as the guy who did the worm four months earlier then made out with the jukebox?If you answered yes to any of the above, then you'll love the Cantina.  And I always leave swearing I would never go back to this debaucherous brothel of alcoholic chicanery.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2007,4/27/2007,0,0,8,5,9>Original Review:It's a 2-story indoor swap meet. Whatever you need, you can most likely find it here: Clothes, music, jewelry, shoes, beauty supplies, food, electronics, etc. You want your nose pierced for $10? That can be done here too...I know this because my cousin did just that. It was cute, but she's lucky she didn't get a gnarly infection.Towards the back is a section where you can get your nails done. This was my main reason for frequenting this establishment when I was young and didn't know any better. Acrylic nails were reasonably priced, AND their airbrushing was cheap and good! (Yes, I used to get my fake nails airbrushed, WHAT.)The nails section faced a store across the walkway that sold COFFINS. It is quite interesting to get your nails done while admiring the artfully displayed coffins in their window. Peaceful yet slightly disturbing. And a little bit morbid.Not every city or town has a place quite like Price Breakers. As you can imagine, it's a little rough around the edges, but that's what I like about it!  I haven't been there in years, but since I'm visiting my parents this weekend I just might have to stop at Price Breakers for old times sake. Hmmm -- and may I come back with airbrushed, acrylic nails....you've been warned.UPDATE:I strolled through Price Breakers during my visit to SD. It's still the same as it was since the last time I was there, which I think was 1999. Same merchandise, same patrons, same Price Breakers vibe. I love it.Unfortunately, Casket Gallery (the coffin store) is either no longer there or has moved to a different location in the shopping center. Getting my nails done at PB will no longer be the same.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2007,4/26/2007,607,243,7,7,6>Beef n' Bun is the epitome of classic fast food dining.Shakes, fantastic burgers, and fried finger food galore. Am I weird because I like fried zuccini? I hope not. I love their FRIED ZUCCINI!Drive thru takes a quite some time when you're there during lunch or early dinner hours...I recommend getting inside and ordering takeout if you're not into dining in.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2007,4/25/2007,103,270,,5,2>My friends and I had a very satisfying meal and experience at Taka.We had reservations and were seated promptly when we arrived.  Waitress took a little while to get to us, but she was very nice and had a cool Japanese accent.The sashimi was great, the rolls were good, the chicken terriyaki was grubbin', and the salmon terriyaki was a bit dry.  Clean, simple Japanese food in the heart of the Gas lamp district.  A little expensive, but about right for Japanese food.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2007,4/24/2007,314,412,3,4,4>edit: 5 stars, for making a left instead of going to there the parking attendant was directing people to park, we didn't have to walk as far! and they just openned journey to atlantis so...no line!So I decided to buy the SILVER PASSPORT, $94(somewhere around there) paid in monthly installments of $7.53? But you can pay it whole if you'd like. FREE PARKING, and 10% all food and merchandise. Or you can purchase the funcard pay for a day and go for free until the end of the year; excludes free parking, so you'd have to pay $10(cars/trucks/vans) each time you go. FUNNEL CAKE :] mmmWe ate at this one place near the Dolphin Stadium...kinda expensive/kinda cheap...find me an "amusement/theme park" that sells cheap food. Please do. The brisket was delicious. I HEART frozen lemonade. Which Shamu is this, #5?People can get pushy when you're trying to pet the batrays or pick up the starfish, if they do..splash water on them(without them knowing) hahaha I JUST WANT TO PET THE DAMN ANIMAL! don't push, say "excuse me." You can feed the dolphins and batrays, for $5Journey to Atlantis, you get wet; really wet if you sit in the front :(Shipwreck Rapids, you get wetter.Wild Artic, gave me a headache.R.L Stine Haunted Lighthouse, surprises you.Dolphin show, Shamu show, Sealion show, etc. interesting.Go buy a Funcard/Silver passport. p.s. the cirques thing they have during summer is entertaining.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,12/24/2013,317,448,8,13,9>Throw a stone in any direction in SD and you can have it hit a great craft brewery.  Personally, I'd save that arm for lifting pint glasses but that's just me.  Hess Brewing is another one of those breweries that help make San Diego the premiere destination for craft beer.  I know, another 5 star review as far as breweries go but honestly, it doesn't take much to keep me happy when it comes to craft breweries.  As long as the beer is good, the staff is decent, all those other thrills and frills are pretty much superfluous. I'm just here to enjoy good beer. If you serve it and can get it to me, then I'm happy. Simple as that.Obscured somewhere between the ubiquitous furniture stores along Miramar Road lies Hess Brewery.  It's a small tasting room with one big wooden picnic table, a smaller round table, oak barrels and bar to stand at.  It isn't a huge and luxurious tasting room but between the beers, the staff and the convenient location, it definitely isn't a place you want to miss.All that aside, if you're like me, you really could care less about the location, decor, customer service and all that jazz.  You just want the beer. So let's talk beer...The Breakdown of what I sampled:Jucundas Orange Honey Wheat: At 5.3% ABV and 24 IBUs, this is a nice, easily drinkable wheat beer.  Not bad considering it isn't high in alcohol content so it is one of those beers you can easily drink without the guilt or sneak attack that you might get from a higher percentage beer. For a lighter beer this one gets the job done.Grazias Vienna Cream Ale:  This beer weighs in at 6.3% and 27 IBUs so it is another smooth, easily drinkable beer.  It's a light brown, caramel colored beer that tastes as smooth as it drinks. It doesn't have as strong of a cream flavor as I'm used tasting in other cream style beers like Mother Earth's "Cali Creamin'" and Arcana's "Tiny Tim" but as a slightly darker variety, it is one those that you can easily turn to if you want turn to the dark side of cream ales.  I have no issues with this one. I find it quite pleasant.Brunus Robustus Porter:  I'm a huge fan of dark beers (Stouts & Porters primarily) and this guy isn't bad.  It weighs in at 8% and 52 IBUs so it is a nice balance of drinkability and potency.  I can't really say it is a standout in the world of porters but it definitely is no slouch.  If you're a porter kind of person you owe it to yourself to taste one of these.Deceptio Cascadian Dark American IPA:  I'm really not a fan of IPAs, I've said it countless times in my reviews but I figured I'd try this one just because it was dark. It tastes (to me) like any typical IPA, it just happens to be presented in the dark color. To me, it's nothing special, to others it's probably a pretty good IPA. At 8.8% and 85 IBUS, you know what you're getting into.Trinitas Belgian Golden Strong Ale:  Now this is a nice change of pace.  A great, easily drinkable golden beer.  Nice and tasty.  It reminds me a bit of Lightning's Thunderweizen.  Don't be caught off guard though, this little bad boy packs in a heavy sucker punch at 10.1% with only 35 IBUS.  Tastes great and it is so easy to drink that if you aren't careful you may not even know what hit you.  If you typically like lighter colored beers but are feeling a little adventurous, this challenger has your name on it.Exumbris Rye Imperial Stout.  Yeah this is my favorite from Hess.  I'm a sucker for Imperial Stouts and this one doesn't disappoint.  They offer this regular and sometimes they offer it on Nitro.  If they offer it on nitro while you are there, get it.  Regardless of whether or not it's on nitro or not you owe it to yourself to drink this one.  If you like stouts, you should love this one.  Very dark and distinct character, at 10.2% and 85 IBUs, this one packs a punch and makes you feel it as you drink it.  Well balanced enough to be able to drink it without too much effort but with enough character to really make you savor it.  Definitely my personal favorite but hey, your mileage may vary.It's impossible to describe beer taste in words but what I can say is that Hess is another great brewery that can easily become a regular stop for locals/semi-locals alike.  With great options, pale ales, IPAs, belgians, stouts, Kolsch, they have something for everybody.  The staff is friendly, quick to assist, informative and the beer is great. They sell 32oz swing top growlers as well as 64oz stainless growlers (no 3rd party/outside growler fills at the time of writing this). They have a decent amount of seating(could probably use a little more) and adequate parking.  At the end of the day, Hess is another great brewery.  Beer people, go check em out.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,12/23/2013,21,269,5,7,8>Came here on Friday for a pre-birthday lunch and was happy the hype matched the actual experience. The sangria was delicious, there were no actual chunks of fruit, but you could taste it... and it wasn't too sweet :) Just how I like it. Between four of us, we had many dishes to sample...Bacon wrapped dates:These were small bites (5) of deliciousness... glad we tried them! It had the perfect sweet/salty/crunchy ratio.Cutting board- meat & cheese platter:This was good, but not my favorite... especially because I was slightly excited when the server mentioned it may come with pate. However, that day it wasn't an option and the only meats were 3 different salamis. They all kind of looked the same except they were three different shades of pink/red. Local mussels & frites:This was my favorite dish by far! the broth was so delicious that I was scooping it up and sipping it with the mussel shells.Warn white bean & arugula salad:This was surprisingly yummy. I was very shocked because the name doesn't strike me as appetizing.Tuna sandwich:Along with house made potato chips, this tuna sandwich melted in my mouth! Although, by the time I got to this dish in our meal, I was getting full. I'm sure it would have been even better had I eaten warm and out of the kitchen.Chocolate & salted caramel tart:This was special. Sweet & salty perfection.Can't wait to come back!!!!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,12/22/2013,228,236,7,7,7>I dig this place.  Place reminds me of Portland, odd industrial feel, unconventional lighting fixtures.  Very snooty coffee.  You just get that feel from the menu descriptions and tasting notes.  You know what though?  I'm okay with that.  If I'm going to buy something to eat or drink, I rather like to know the staff knows way too much about the product than not.  It helps give you a more informed choice on enjoying something to it's fullest potential.  Also, the Iced SD herbal blend has been so good for this damn NYC style heat/humidity!I do wish that the second set of outlets in the seating area had a table by them, but oh well.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,12/21/2013,330,292,4,6,6>I've been a bit indifferent to ramen lately - I often end up going out for sushi instead when I crave Japanese food.I've been here before... Maybe sometime late last year? At the time, the restaurant was still very new and an another yelper and I went to check it out for a late lunch. All I remember was inhaling the ramen noodles and slumping the spicy broth with each bite. I distinctly remember them serving water in these small plastic martini (?) cups. These are long gone now.Fast forward to last Friday when one of my close friends was craving ramen and invited me to go. For the past few months, I've been limiting my processed carbs intake. I was very happy to see that they expanded their menu (always a good sign, especially for a ramen place!) and I figured we both could share a few dishes.- Miso underbelly ramen: I had a small bite of the noodles and they were perfectly cooked. My friend loved it! She said the consistency of the noodles is excellent because it was firm and thick (that's what she said!!!). The under belly was really tasty and not overcooked like some other ramen places I used to frequent. The broth was the real star here - full of flavor without being super oily/fatty. She ate most of the noodles while I probably drank half her soup. The portion is also a very generous serving.- Ikageso Karaage: the fried squid legs were very tasty! Not dripping in oil, which is nice. I love the crunchy texture, and it wasn't difficult to eat despite having orthodontic braces.-Caterpillar roll: more of an appetizer than your full on 10+ piece roll, but the price was pretty good and the eel and avocado were very fresh.-Sesame Tofu don: okay so I ordered this sans rice. I know, I know, but it was totally worth it! The sesame dressing on the tofu was very flavorful without being super sweet. I hope some day they'll add veggies in this dish - only then would it be perfect.Mind you, I'm a picky eater. Our server Tony said he would honor my request for the sesame tofu and made it happen! I showed him our check-in and we got a free shave fluffy ice dessert!! We got free tea and it almost felt like eating ice cream because the texture was very smooth. Overall, the portions are great for the price and despite being busy, we didn't wait long for our food. I know everyone's been talking about the ramen burger, but we option for stuff we could both share. Perhaps I'll try it next time!P.S. it's probably common knowledge now, but parking here is bad after 5pm, so I would suggest parking a block away to avoid crazy/angry drivers.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,12/20/2013,412,220,10,12,11>When I first moved to San Diego, I knew I was going to be in for some bomb mexican food. I mean...c'mon, it's just 30 minutes from the border of MEXICO.... The tacos HAVE to be good.But ironically, months later...I still couldn't find a SINGLE taco joint that I was proud to take my out-of-town friends to when they came to visit. (The only exception to that was Oscar's Mexican Seafood--quick shout out to Sam and Juan who are doing it big in La Jolla). In any case, I was upset. How could San Diego not have any good mexican food?!That's pretty much how I felt...until I went to Tacos El Gordo. I had heard a lot about tacos el gordo from coworkers and friends...but I had become so jaded to Mexican food in San Diego that I figured it would just be another disappointment. It wasn't. In my opinion, Tacos El Gordo is the best street-style taco you're going to find this side of the border. They do everything right. But what they do BEST is the adobada. Adobada is basically marinated pork (think al pastor) that is slowly cooked in a shawarma-like spit-grill. IMO, adobada is the only way to go when you go to tacos el gordo. The carne-asada is nice and smoky, and the lengua is soft to the touch, but if you're looking for maximum flavor, you gotta get the adobada.Once you enter the restaurant, head to the right side; there should already be a line there. Get in line and when you get to the front, ask for some adobada tacos con todo (with everything). And I mean EVERYTHING. Onions, cilantro, green sauce, the works. And be sure to ask for piña (roasted pineapple). Trust me. Just do it.Also, if you're looking for something different, try a tostada with cheese (mula)...basically everything that goes on the taco except on a circular hard shell and a thick layer of cheese (just the right amount of gooey and not too rich).And don't forget to ask for a plate of grilled green onions and jalapeno's. They pile it up and make you feel like a boss...until you notice that they do that for everyone.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,12/19/2013,741,244,12,14,12>My latest Obsession - If you talked to me recently you know about my love for Project Pie and all their awesomeness.  My co-workers won't even ask me where I want to go to lunch because duh...they know the answer. The Customer Service alone is 5stars - These people are on point and the best bunch I've come across in a long time. So just by reading the other reviews for $7.50 you tell the Cutie pie behind the counter what ingredients you want on your pizza. You can put every damn thing they have on your pie if you want...they will hook you up and make you feel like a Boss. 3 minutes later your pizza is ready - BooYah! Um, no alcohol yet/tapping fingers
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,12/18/2013,297,324,2,4,3>Another good place to have great French Toast. Mascapone Honey Butter was really good to smear all over the toast. Fresh strawberries and candied walnuts were a really good touch to it. Definitely recommend ordering this here. Pretty comparable if not better than the French Toast served at the Cottage. It's a little pricier though so may not be worth for what you get if you compare to the other French toast places.Eggs benedict was decent too. They actually served real Canadian bacon (not HAM!). Definitely worth a visit. Comparable to Cottage but their menu is lacking anything special aside from their Eggs benedict and the French toast. Come here if the wait from Cottage is too long haha. That's what I ended up doing.My only problem with this place is too many flies outside that I spent more time swapping and shooing over the flies than enjoying my food! :(
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,12/17/2013,94,355,5,9,5>Grill your own delicious steaks. Fun time!FOOD:Well, you can't really blame on the restaurant for your own terrible cooking skills. So what remains is the ingredients that they provide. I ordered the 16oz rib-eye. It had the bone in, perfect amount of fat for juiciness, freshness, and good flavor of beef. Seasonings and sauces for grill are simple, they had salt and pepper, teriyaki sauce, and cajun spice. Personally, salt and pepper is all I need for a good steak. Oh, I still haven't talked about the garlic bread. That was BOMB! Just don't burn it, and be aware of the garlic breath.AMBIANCE:Causal, old school, retro, and cool decor. PRICE:So reasonable! They even have 8oz sirloin steaks under $10!PARKING AND HOURSParking is easy in Golden Hill, they also open till 2am so it's a great spot for late dinner.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,12/16/2013,87,10,4,21,7>to whom it may concern this company is among the best, i called and requested a quote for a detailing and was helped and scheduled immediately and they came out the next day they charged me a great price for the detail and effort that went into the car i was amazed and 100% satisfied. my car was beat the heck horrible carpets dirty. seats stained, built up grease on steering wheel and door panels. and i had never cleaned under my hood , my head lights were all foggy. i didn't even recognize the car it was awesome under the hood looked like new and inside was great. thank you SD mobile detailing for a great service i will call again definitely
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,12/15/2013,190,175,10,20,12>It might seem easy to garner a 5-star review from a foodie who loves naan & Chicken Tikka Masala, but over the weekend, I brought  my 85 yr old grandpa & grandma visiting from China, my middle-aged parents, and my aunt to this restaurant and they, too, gave their seal of approval. That is when I must give a restaurant full stars. My family is definitely one of the pickiest group of eaters you'll ever find. I have no idea why I thought I'd already reviewed this place. Maybe because I've come here so many times I've lost count and just assumed that I had to have written a review for this little (well not so little anymore, now that they've expanded) hidden gem. It is located off of the El Cajon Blvd exit off the 8 and is in a plaza shared by Burlington Coat Factory and a 99 Cents Only store. Random, but that's why it's "hidden!"*ONE STAR: TASTE!I ordered a few dishes for the 6 of us to share, and it was WAY too much food (yelp.com/biz_photos/hima…). I would probably suggest ordering 1 less entree than the # of guests esp if you also choose to order an appetizer. I recommend the:- Lentil soup, which is complimentary- Veggie Samosas! (these were a hit especially with my grandparents)- Vindaloo (one of the most popular dishes at our table)- Chicken Tikka Masala (hands down my fave every time, a little on the sweet side)- Any order of Naan (perfectly crisp & delicious!! I prefer this with all the entrees except maybe the Tandoori)- Salmon Curry (moist salmon cubes)- Tandoori mixed platter (perfect for those meat lovers and those who don't like curries or anything drenched in a thick sauce; comes with shrimp, chicken, lamb & some bell peppers & onions, all cooked & seasoned pretty well)I do not recommend:- Veggie Coconut Curry (maybe it's b/c we ordered it sans spicy, but it tasted as sweet as a dessert!)- Lamb (can't help it, but I always think it's a little too "gamey" for my taste so I usually go with chicken/veg/fish here)*ONE STAR: PARKINGTons of parking since it's located in a shopping center. No headache!*ONE STAR: FRIENDLY & KNOWLEDGEABLE STAFFI love how the servers are dressed in a traditional outfit. It totally makes the dining experience that much more fun. They are all extremely knowledgeable about the menu and are patient with you, especially if you are sitting at a table full of first-timers. Our server also explained that we could have either naan or rice with each of our entrees and gave recommendations as to how many of each we should order. My family doesn't too well with spicy so we ended up getting level 0, on a scale of 0-10 (sad times, I know, don't remind me), and it was a relief that that was even an option. I really appreciated the flexibility. On top of all that, they were very attentive with our water, which is always nice.*ONE STAR: CLEANLINESSRestrooms, tables, utensils, etc. are always clean whenever I visit, which is something I never take for granted!*ONE STAR: AMBIANCE & DECORBoth parts of the restaurant are dimly lit and therefore, give off a more intimate feel, and makes it the perfect setting for a dinner. Since their expansion, the restaurant has actually gotten a little quieter, so you can actually hold real conversations with your party. It also says Namaste upon exiting the restaurant and everything in here is themed very well. Love it all! :) Honestly, it's perfect for a romantic evening with a date or with a big group.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,4/24/2012,4165,809,41,30,28>The question is...do you like it A) Thick'N Juicy or B) Thin'N Skinny? If you answered "B", stop, make a U-Turn, take a left on Washington until you see a sign that says "Bronx Pizza".If you answered A, you're in for a pretty darn good, thick, and juicy slice of Chicago pizza for only $3.25.  For an additional $3.50, you can have yourself, as I did, a 24oz PBR Tall Boy to go with it.  If you're not a cheapass shit beer drinker like I am, theres a good variety of bottled brews including Ballast Point, Stone and Lost Abbey. I know you native Chicagans will whine and moan that its not authentic, but hey, Pamela Anderson's and Holly Madison's (  .  Y  .  )s aren't exactly "authentic" either, but a lot of men still appreciate them anyway.  I bet some of these snobby Chicagans also eat at PF Changs, Papa Johns, and Chevys too...but guess what FUCers? That shit certainly isn't authentic either, but still decent right? Lefty's may not be authentic "Chicago" pizza, but its still good pizza.  I rolled in on a Saturday at 2:30PM and just did pizza by the slice, so I don't know anything about the long waits and crowds that other yelpers were complaining about.  But they are up front about the long bake time, so be prepared. For example, on Thanksgiving, I don't tell my Grandma to "hurry the FUC up with the turkey" because I know that shit can take hours to bake...and cause I know she would drop me in 3 moves with her badass kung fu skills and leave me on floor calling for my mommy.I'll be back and hopefully next time I'll get a whole pie freshly made.  ***********SIDE STORY: CHUN P's THOUGHTS, by Chun P  ********************Not naming any Yelper, but I did see a 1 Star Review that says: "I've eaten here about 7 times and each time I'm disappointed." Um...WTF?If you get crappy service and shitty food, do you always go back to that restaurant 6 more times?If you go on a really bad 1st Date with a real asshole/bitch, do you go on 6 more dates with that person?If your BF/GF/spouse cheats on you, do you give him/her 6 more chances?If your partner tries a sex position you really hate, do you let him/her do you that way 6 more times?Life is too short to be eating the same shit food or going out with the same asshole 7 times in a row. Be strong! You can actually go to a DIFFERENT pizza joint next time! Bronx? Sicilian Thing? Sbarro? Your pick!  Stand up for yourself! No one is forcing you to eat shitty food 7 times in a row! The 1 Star Review seems unfair...if you're coming back 6 more times they must be doing something right, so at least give Lefty's a 2 or 3 Star review? Just a thought...shesh, whats with my nasty attitude today? ;-)
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,4/23/2012,806,340,33,58,53>Being a Gosei (+5 generation) Japanese-American,I get asked about sushi and other ignorant crap all the time.Most recently ramen.So where is the best ramen in San Diego?Kanpai/Gunco Ramen.The best ramen in San Diego. Seriously. Serious.No joke. A Chula Vista restaurant has the best ramen.Chula Vista was once home to an extremely large Japanese American population.It's farm land and vicinity to the fishing harbors of San Diego and Mexico; gave these Japanese-American families a central point to form a community. ANDwhy did they have to form a community on the outskirts of town?Anglo Saxon Americans in the early 20th century controlled the government and wrote laws excluding people of Japanese descent of owning land, businesses, and even marrying outside their cultural background.It didn't matter if you were Nisei (second generation), a natural born citizen. Mind you this was pre-1941.Chula Vista was their enclave until Executive Order 9066. Where anyone of Japanese descent, It didn't matter if you were 2nd/3rd/4th generation American. NOT Japanese but American. If you had Japanese heritage you had three days to pack, sell, or leave behind everything you couldn't put in a suitcase. Then you were shipped off to a concentration camp in the middle of a desert and after the war...The American-Japanese community of San Diego never recovered. With their land and fishing boats lost, there was no reason to return.*Jumping off soapbox.Kanpai has the best ramen in San Diego. It is actual two businesses. Gunco Ramen and Kanpai. Kanpai is easier to see from the corner.Try the hakata ramen. It is the best San Diego has to offer.They also have champon soup...A Kyushu (Southwest Japan) style take on ramen. I only know of two spots in San Diego that serve this.On a side note: Don't get sushi here. Grilled stuff is fine. Sushi is a no.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,4/22/2012,162,93,14,16,19>I am on the chamango bandwagon, and I am on it for good! this better not be just a fad, because I am IN LOVE! (see my pic of this beautiful thing)... this place in a little corner of San Marcos is on my way from Vista to Escondido where I volunteer at a hospital and the chamango is now officially my motivation and reward for this weekly trek. How can you go wrong with the combination of mango ice cream (the good shiet-- it has little tiny bits of frozen mango in it), chamoy (I could eat this stuff by the bottle. I have done that before), chopped up mango (this is the part that tricks my brain into thinking that I am eating something healthful), and a chile-tamarind candy in place of the straw. You really can't go wrong even if you tried, it is pure genius! @4.50 a pop it is a tad pricey but worth it for an every-once-in-a-while treat. I sat there by myself eating this but having something this good and not sharing the experience felt wrong, so I sent a pic to a few friends. They did not appreciate it. I got a "what!? I'm so jealous, die!" and a "damnit, you are making my mouth water". hehehe. finds like this bring out my sadistic side a bit. woooooo CHAMANGO ftw!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,4/21/2012,376,293,10,11,11>Twas feeling kinda loca yesterday and figured I'd join the rest of the crazies down here at CraZeeEe Burger in Old Town!The order:+ Ostrich:  Soft turkey-ish meat with a wild, gamey flavor.  Too loca for mio!  2/5 sporks+ Antelope:  Reminded me of sweet lean cow.  The sweetness may have come from the sauce the burger was drenched in.  3/5 sporks+ Kangaroo:  Mild, subtle flavor.  Not too gamey.  Lean and moist.  4/5 sporks+ Nacho Burger:  Angus beef topped with nacho cheese, jalepenos, and a hash brown patty.  Sounds typical, delicious and fatty?!?  Yes indeed sir.  5/5 sporks+ Crazee fries:  BOOOOMB!!!  Fries dusted with parmesan cheese made it seem less greasy and extra tasty!!+ Sweet potato fries:  Sweet, crispy and dusted with parm cheese.  YUM!Overall, friendly service with a casual atmosphere and crazy delectable foods.  $10+ for each exotic burger, but worth the taste and experience. Tip:  Go for the marsupial burger for guaranteed crazy finger lickin' satisfaction!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,4/20/2012,853,525,13,26,16>Bacon makes everything better, or does it? Overwhelming or overhyped? Burger aficionados can either rejoice or mourn because Slater's newest location has thrown their hat in the ring for consideration the  "Best Burger" debate when they have their grand opening on Nov 1.I had an opportunity to enjoy their soft opening as one of the lucky first diners their new San Diego location. They could probably use more signage, and it may be tricky to find since all the buildings at Liberty Station look alike, but it's right next to Ace Hardware and that giant parking lot.Nice layout with a large bar and high top seating tables (where we sat near a cute framed photo of Mike Tyson holding his carrier pigeons and not biting their heads off) along with a traditional seating in the dining room and front patio. There's plenty of room to navigate the areas so you can gawk at the ginormous burgers that the guys ordered across the way. There's plenty of large flat screens across the bar and in the side room with the pool table. The variety of microbeers on tap is impressive and should keep both snobs and newbs interested. My choice this evening was the Allagash Curieux. Yes!Since we were attending a Yelp Elite event, we had a chance to sample a wide variety of menu items, all of which were well executed and delicious. If I had to pick some standouts, my appetizers would be the mac & cheese bites and the deep fried artichoke. The vampire dip is great for sharing. Well, maybe not so much for Date Night because that mini-bread bowl was overflowing with so much creamy, cheesy, garlicky goodness. For dessert? I thought I would like the bacon brownie more, but trust me, their bread pudding is sofa king fantastic.Taking the crafty restaurant burger to another level, Slater's signature 50/50 patty is worth checking out. I do enjoy a good 80/20 beef burger, but Slater's blend of ground beef and ground bacon is quite the tasty treat. Not as hungry? Stick with the 1/3 lb. I enjoyed part of the 2/3 lb and took the rest home. Good onya if you can finish the belly busting 1 lb burger where the patty overshadows the bakery fresh bun. Don't fret, traditionalists, they have Sterling Silver ground beef burgers, along with turkey and veggie patties, not to mention a plethora of customizable ingredients, so there's something for everyone.Service was fantastic from the hostesses, to the waitstaff, and even visits from management asking for feedback, which is why I'm reserving that last star for when I return undercover, without the Yelp badge.If you're near the San Diego / Point Loma / Liberty Square area and want to avoid the screaming tweens from nearby Corvette Diner or crave something more than peanuts from Five Guys, then give Slater's 50/50 a try and weigh in on the great burger debate.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,4/19/2012,859,450,17,17,14>This is THE place to go if you want to dance all night.It's rare to find a place where there's guys who know how to dance. Unfortunately, they aren't really interested in dancing with you if you are a girl haha /wah wah wahI feel put to shame by how well some of the guys shake it on the dance floor. Time for me to polish my dancing skills! The drinks here are strong, come in large quantities and are fairly well priced...so that sort of makes up for the lack of male attention.Oh, and cover charge can easily be avoided too. Definite plus!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,4/18/2012,2030,893,16,21,19>A nice find...now I can't stop coming here.Instantly fell in love with Fish 101. I had never been here before but the first time I went here was a group of friends right before the holidays. No one in the group had been there before either so it was a first time for all. Expect counter service when visiting and if it's super busy (weekends) and a table isn't available, just order your drinks until you find a table and then go back and order your food. Seems like a pain...but trust me, you don't want to get your food when you're still standing and waiting for a table. Come on a non-busy night, you'll likely find a seat right away.  I prefer the back patio area to enjoy my meal. At night, there is plenty overhead lighting and they have heaters to keep you warm. Just make sure you grab a table near the heater, otherwise, you might get chilly. So...onto the food!  I've tried several things since I discovered this joint. Here are my favorites:--Ahi Tuna Appetizer. I just might have to get this every time I come here. So fresh, flavorful and delicious. The wakame it's topped with is pretty darn good.  I can eat a bowl of it...--Muscle Appetizer: I've got this 2 of the times that I've come here and if dining with a large group (or perhaps a small one with a big appetite), this is something you don't want to miss. Ahhh! So good...just get it and thank me later. --Fish Tacos: I've had both the grilled and the fried...and of course, the fried is better. The tacos do tend to fall apart when they get soggy but worth the fight.--Fish & Chips: A favorite for my hubby....and for me too!  The fish pieces are very large and we can usually share a two piece (with that ahi tuna appetizer). The guys that have worked here each time we've come have always been very attentive, friendly, super helpful and provided great service.  They're quick to clear your table but not in a get out of here, people are waiting for your table kind of way. Just to make you more comfortable. The only con about this place is that it is a little pricey. You can order an app, two entrees and glass a wine or two..and easily get up to $50+. I will tell you this...the food is WORTH IT!  I'll try to come during happy hour next time so save a few bucks.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,4/17/2012,242,2016,45,28,30>ATTENTION!!!  ATTENTION!!!If you have $50 in your pocket and want to get yourself and 3 of your friends *buzzed, then Cap'n Keno's is the place for you.If you have $20 in your pocket and want to get *ripped, then Cap'n Keno's is the place for you.If you have $10 in your pocket and want to get *buzzed, then Cap'n Keno's is the place for you.If you love faux fireplaces, then Cap'n Keno's is the place for you.If you love bars with carpeted floors, then Cap'n Keno's is the place for you.If you love bartenders that pour heavy and charge lightly, then Cap'n Keno's is the place for you.If you love Christmas lights that don't work, then Cap'n Keno's is the place for you.If you love all you can eat spaghetti, then Cap'n Keno's is the place for you.*Ripped=considerably inebriated*Buzzed=moderately inebriatedIt's like 1999 in here...
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,4/16/2012,74,74,50,48,43>Chicken $hit, f*ckin place smells!!!Located on the border of Santee and Lakeside, this smelly egg ranch is an institution .My family has been buying eggs here since I can remember.They process the eggs on the same day they harvest them.You slide open the barn door to purchase the eggs,and you can watch the Hilliker family process the eggs. Inexpensive fresh eggs.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,4/15/2012,174,67,19,14,14>I always tell myself I'm going to write a review about Canada Steak Burger but this place puts me in the biggest food coma so that I could never make it to my computer.Last night me and my Valentine had a slight change of plans and we decided just pick up Canada Steak Burger to go. We ordered two combos, a 6oz and 4oz burger topped with gyro meat and some tzatziki sauce on the side.  By the time we got back to the house we hurried and changed into sweats because we knew what we were in for.  I opened the bag up and laid everything out on the coffee table.  The food was still hot.  We couldn't even decipher which burger was which since they were both so huge and stuffed with gyro meat.  We had to take the buns off and inspect what was on the inside to check. (heh heh heh) They gave us so many fries that the fries alone probably took up half the table.  This burger was so good and juicy. It doesn't really need any condiments. But since I'm  a fat ass I would simultaneously eat it with the tzatziki sauce and ketchup.  Had to switch it up a bit. I finished about 3/4 of that burger and some fries and I was FULL.  We tried to start a movie when we started eating our food and quite honestly I don't even remember the title of the movie or what it was about by the time we were done eating since I was so caught up in the food.Ordering food to go from here was probably one of the best and worst V-day ideas at the same time. Great idea to just veg out with your Valentine on the couch while eating delicious fatty food.  Bad idea if you're trying to feel all sexy on Valentine's day.  How are you supposed to get down on some Gyro burgers then expect to get down with Gyro breath? You know what I'm sayin?? ha ha ha.  All jokes aside, I love Canada Steak Burger. This place is definitely a go to, not just for the burgers but everything else as well. The portions are huge so expect to have left overs. The girls at the register are always really nice and friendly.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2007,4/13/2007,0,0,,4,9>A dude writing a review about a flower shop - yup. I've personally known a few people who have worked at this shop, so I can attest to their kindness and professionalism.  The place is unique and I've called upon it a few times. I write this review in the time-sensitive season of that Hallmark Holiday Valentines Day.  The reason I do this is that I volunteered once (with a friend) to deliver flowers for Adelaides to all the people in and around La Jolla who ordered flowers for their significant others.  This was a marvelous experience.  I got to drive around a huge white van and make people's day!  Good stuff.  Now go buy flowers for your mom.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2007,4/12/2007,32,96,4,4,2>My family has been dining here since the 70's.  The place hasn't changed a bit since then.  They still have the same dark wood paneling, western style pictures, and seating.  This place has a huge menu of breakfast favorites spanning from a southern style breakfast with grits to carne asada and eggs.  If you want it, they have it.  Who else serves corn fritters (they are actually pretty good by the way).  They also have a bar with drinks like the ramos fizz and mimosas.  I almost always get the carne asada and eggs or the steak and eggs.  The carne asada is not what you get from your average taco shop.  Instead it is a thick piece of flank steak that has been marinated.  Obviously, I don't eat here too much or I would have died from a heart attack by now.The food and coffee are always pretty good (actually the coffee is really good).  The eggs are also very fresh and cooked well. This place is in the Travel Lodge parking lot so you get a good mix of locals and tourists.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2006,4/11/2007,3,8,1,5,3>Great little Italian restaurant.   The owner was very gracious and would say hello to every table.  Food is excellent.  Price is medium range.  I love the Goat cheese ravioli and the salmon dish was to die for! They also have a great selection of wine.  The retaurant itself is very quaint and has a very homey feeling. It is located in the quaint and beautiful neighborhood of La Jolla and is not smacked in the middle of all these other business establishments screaming for attention.  If you do not know of this place, you won't even know it exists.  Locals of La Jolla are probably the frequenters of this little restaurant.  Great for meeting with clients or even hanging out with friends for lunch.  Could pass for a romantic date night  but I probably wouldn't go there during the weekends coz it will be full and won't give you the privacy of a table. Great food, great service and great ambiance! Will definitely go back with my other friends.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2006,4/10/2007,157,129,4,1,7>This is the spot if you are looking to eat after 2am in San Diego and don't feel like rolled tacos. The Hong Kong Chow Fun is especially great.Also - scene of one of my best first dates ever, here's the story:I was in college, and really into this smoking hot girl named Hope. I asked her out and we ended up here for late night dinner after a long night on the town. Hope was a super fun girl and I was really into our great conversation and just hanging out with her.  After the meal they brought us fortune cookies and my fortune read "He who has Hope has everything". Great, huh?
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2007,4/9/2007,134,206,8,4,7>I used to live literally 30 paces across the street, and I frequented this particular location when: A) I was putting together some serious fundraisers and needed 10,000 cans of soda. B) I had enough roommates in my house to go BULK or go home. C) I was extremely hungry and thought that warranted me in buying a 5lb candy bar that lasted me a month.Everything is in bulk, everything is cheap, you don't need a club card to shop there, it's never crowded, and where else are you gonna get 20 gallons of windex for one low, low price? It's smart, and it's final.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2007,4/8/2007,127,196,1,8,3>This is one of the most important -- in the top 3 -- transit centers in San Diego County.The station has Coaster service, and is the endpoint for San Diego Trolley's Blue Line (except for rush hours and special event service) and Green Line. Amtrak's Pacific Surfliner trains, however, bypass this station.The station is in San Diego's Old Town, one of the oldest historic districts in California disguised as a tourist trap. There are many restaurants and tourist-oriented shops here.Old Town is a very important transportation point. Mission Valley is a few minutes east, the beaches and the coastal military installations are a few minutes west and downtown's not too far south. Lindbergh Field is also very visible.Note to bus users: There are two bus boarding areas at this station. One is to the east of the tracks, the other is to the west. Call for information to find out what buses leave from where. And, the bus bays and train tracks are connected by an underground passageway. Don't even try bolting across the tracks.Connections: San Diego Trolley Blue and Green Lines; Coaster; and Metropolitan Transit System lines 8/9, 10, 14, 28, 30, 35, 44, 105 and 150. Lines 30 and 150 are express buses.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2006,4/6/2007,154,461,,4,2>Niche boutique caters to both women and kids.  The outfits for both clientele targets are high-end, attractive and expensive.  The kids' apparel section is the most notable, mostly due to its luxurious angle and originality.  La Jolla Eurochild is trendy, whereas Niche is esoterically paired with a haute couture flair. You may manage to find relatively inexpensive outfits though, like the tasteful tulle dress with incorporated imitation rose petals I saw, which was simply adorable and only priced at $45: perfect for a wedding.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2006,4/4/2007,41,45,3,2,2>Cass street gets 3 1/2 stars.  It is a great place to kick it with a friend and grab some local beer (try Ballast Point's yellowtail ale) and the delicious potatoes they serve smothered in cheese.  The rest of the food is okay; better than most bar food.  It isn't deep fried, but you couldn't exactly call it gourmet.  Still the staff is always great and that one waitress is great to watch do her job for a variety of reasons.  I used to have a nick-name for this bar, "over 30 and dirty".  But then I realized only the first half was true.  Anyway, great place to catch a Padres game, play bar shuffle board or host a Free PB meeting.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2007,4/3/2007,233,1444,2,5,6>This is such a beautiful spot! Breathtakingly beautiful and absolutely spectacular with its natural formation of rocks, the splashing waves, dramatic cliffs.....We passed by like 3 different wedding parties here over the weekend with each one taking place in different parts of the cove, just so magical and romantic! Definitely suitable for those Kodak picture perfect moments! :)I guess it's the place to see and to be seen if you are the wedding couples. All these passerbys were taking photos of the wedding party or just looking at/admiring their ceremonies! A definite must see and not to be missed spot when out in San Diego! :)
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2006,4/1/2007,250,205,2,3,2>I don't remember the mozzerella sticks, but I have a good excuse.  I was drinking a lot.Monty's is called something else now, so unless you went to SDSU prior to 2000, this is nothing more than sweet nostalgia.  I take a star away from reducing the patio size.. BOOO.I spent more time at Monty's than anywhere else on campus.  Subsequently, I spent the least amount of times in places such as class or the library.Here's what I learned:Keep an extra $20 hidden behind the pics in your wallet, spare beer money.  Thanks Manny.To keep a pitcher cool on a hot day outside, ask for an extra plastic cup, ( like one of those 18oz solo cups), fill it with ice, and float it in the beer.  Keeps the beer cold, but the melting water out.  Thanks...uh...guy who taught me that trick.Karl Strauss ist DER MANN.  Er ziegte  sich ein typischer deutsche Grossvater.  Ich moechte ihn Opa anrufen aber in Coreanish, das ist auch die gleiche Wort fuer aelterer Bruder und man musst die jungere Schwester sein und es gibt eine seltsame Situation fuer einen coreanische Mann sowieso sagt zu hoeren .  Er macht ein gutes lokalische rote Lager.  Es war auch ganz billig.  Vielen Dank, Herr Strauss!I have just enough charisma to convince a teacher to take a class to Monty's and conduct class while drinking pitchers.  Thanks Professor!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,4/7/2011,491,508,20,24,22>Why? Why? Am I a glutton for punishment? No, just a glutton! Are 2 cupcakes worth an hour plus wait?  Maybe not, but when they say Sprinkles, I'm there. Haters of the cupcake craze...don't even start because cupcakes are here to stay. Soft opening today, grand opening Thursday at 9 am!Located in the Shops at Villa La Jolla, in the Whole Foods shopping mall, Sprinkles stays true to picking locations that aren't the easiest to find parking.  Today the line was around the building, but since it was just a preview, I can't say it will always be a long wait, but if it's anything like the other locations, it will be.  Remember, you can always order ahead and skip the line.  My favs are the dark chocolate and the plain ol vanilla.  They are packed with flavor and moist as hell.  They get 5 stars because now I don't have to drive up to Beverly Hills or Newport for a dozen. $3.25 each or $36 for a dozen. ...and yes, they are that good.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,4/6/2011,1142,2218,18,26,20>Cupcakes and beers for breakfast?! Heck ya!!! Came here for the grand opening, and it was BOMB!Unfortunately, I wasn't able to try all of the cupcakes, and was only able to sample 3.There was a crowd, but nothing to really complain about since it went quickly by talking to friends in line. The staff was friendly and made great recommendations. I tried a bite of the following:-Irish Carbomb: I'm a chocolate freak, and this was def chocolatey. Really good, although I found this one the driest of the 3 attempted cupcakes.-Top Ten Cake: If you're into the fruity flavors, this is the cupcake for you. I liked it since it was moist and wasn't too sweet.-Stoned Portzilla: My fav of the 3. Kind of reminded me of German chocolate or Samoa girl scout cookies. The crispy caramelized coconut topping is what made this cupcake. Just give me the cupcake tops, pls!!! Highly recommend.3 beer samples were offered during the grand opening extravaganza. I had sips of 3 beers, and my fav was the pale ale. It was great seeing friends-all the while-sharing beers and cupcakes. Small hole in the wall, but truly a great place to pick up some sweet treats. Street parking avail and ample neighborhood parking in the back.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,4/5/2011,433,177,32,32,29>This is a Bargain Hunters' Paradise! Lots of random Japanese products and just perusing around, I find myself adding more and more into my pile high basket of useful goodies like cute bento lunch boxes, kitchen wares, and household goods. I felt like the good little wifey buying cheap, practical things for the home. I remember when this place was soo much cheaper than it already is...the prices have definitely went up a bit but not soo much that I'd start complaining. Buyer beware, throw in a few little school girls into your shopping experience and expect a significant dent in your wallet! I was feeling generous and being the cool Aunty Edelisa that I am, I went ahead and brought along my girlfriend's 11 year old daughter and her friends here for the first time and they went CRRRRRAAZYYY on the goods. "Oh Aunty, can I get this little piggy bank? Aunty, can I buy the Japanese makeup...Aunty, oooh what's this? Ooooh Aunty, what's that? Is that a sticker? Can you buy this for me too?...Aunty,Aunty, Aunty, Aunty, Aunty......"....Oh HELL NO! I was starting to see $$$ signs in front of my eyes instead of stars after getting winded by these little girls. To think, I'm the oldest in a family of 4 girls myself! I dropped nearly $100 on this place for these munchkins. (grumbling under my breath)....I think this is why the Lord didn't let me give birth to daughters. Did I mention I brought my son along too? That poor child. HIs eyes glazing over out of boredom. Note to self: Indulgent spending for Edelisa only. No little girls allowed! Lol.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,4/4/2011,647,343,10,13,10>"Just when I thought you couldn't get any dumber, you go ahead and do something like this....AND TOTALLY REDEEM YOURSELF!"Consider yourself redeemed, Pho La Jolla.  Once I started asking for veggies with my steak pho, I was way happier with my meal.Also, the Vietmamese sandos here are yummy, but they are expensive, especially for a Vietnamese sando, at ~$7.50 a pop.  It was worth trying, but I'll stick with the steak pho with veggies next time.Bonus points for having TV with weird science shows playing all the time.  *Nerd alert*...but I do love me some science.Credit card users beware - they don't take more than one credit card per table, but at least there is a big sign at the register saying that.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,4/3/2011,162,93,26,16,16>For like a decade, I'd forgotten that this existed! Happy to rediscover.. You can do ALL the things here that you WISH you could do at a regular movie theater, but cant! Like: 1. Bring your own food (I do this at movie theaters anyway but the soda can pop open noise gives me away. Plus nom-noming on a big burger at a theater looks suspicious) 2. Make out unashamedly (I do this at movie theaters anyway even when people shout "get a room!") and 3. Watch two movies for the price of one (Who doesn't do this at movie theaters anyway, you know you do it too).4. Sneak in- just hide. And poof!, you've saved yourself 7 dolla. Haha, so bad! (juuuuuuust kidding :))Great value, good times! When I've gone lately, I've been lucky enough that it is dead empty and we get a great view, good sound through the radio, & no noise or obnoxious people around us. Sweet! Can't wait to come back with my motor-home hehehe.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2010,4/2/2011,262,85,17,13,13>I mean, really, who doesn't love hot cheese? I'd personally recommend getting the Spinach and Artichoke cheese fondue, skipping the (YAAAAWWWNNNN) entree fondue, and going straight for the dessert fondue. Yes, I feel like a two-ton-Tessie just talking about this, and yes, I wanted to be wheelbarrowed out of the restaurant after paying, but it's seriously SO good and absolutely the perfect spot for a special occasion. Note: this is NOT the place for a date. No girl wants to be caught by the fella she's interested in drooling molten hot cheese and then scraping the bottom of a fondue pot for more. Street parking is virtually impossible. Park in the Hyatt parking garage, hoof it up that big hill, and get validated for free. Then, after dinner is over, have a loved one roll you down the hill a la Violet Beauregard from Willy Wonka and the Charlie Factory.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,4/1/2011,594,225,15,19,16>Yummy Sushi and Wonderful Sushi?  Yeah...not so yummy and wonderful now.  Ono Sushi?  Oh no, this isn't the sushi spot I'll go to anymore.And Sushi Deli 1, 2 and 3? Your sushi's so bad, I don't even need to make a joke out of your names for ppl to laugh.Like Buddha, I've been enlightened.  I've awaken.  I've seen the light.  Yes, fellow Yelpers, I now know what GOOD sushi is, and it can be found at TAKA!I went out to dinner with Jamie, Abe and New Guy for some omakase ("chef's choice") with Head Chef Maru-san one nite.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws… It was my 1st time doing omakase so I was really excited.  Maru-san blew me away with the presentation, creativity and quality of our meal.  Not only were all the pieces of fish incredibly fresh and delicious, but our meal was a 2+ hour extravaganza for the eyes, mouth and stomach.Here's our omakase dinner, play by play:- For an appetizer we were served monkfish liver.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws…- Then we were presented with 2 sashimi platters. yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws…- Taka's specialty is live lobster.  Jamie and Abe were pretty squeamish about that so Maru-san prepared us Lobster Dynamite instead. yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws…- Then, as if we weren't full enough, Maru-san whipped up 10+ pieces of the best sushi I've ever had.  Here's a pic of my fav, the amaebi (sweet shrimp).  yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws… - Maru-san even created a special vegetarian menu for Jamie.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws…yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws…-Nothing was wasted and we were even served mackerel bones yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws… and shrimp heads. yelp.com/biz_photos/Zkws…Eck...I ate so much that night, now I'm starting to LOOK like Buddha!WARNING:  For all you penny pinchers and people living off of unemployment checks, the sushi here doesn't come cheap.  Even though New Guy is in good w/ Chef Maru-san and we got a huge discount, our meal was still definitely on the $$$ side.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,3/31/2011,352,132,14,17,16>Wow. Just don't come here expecting to lose weight or save money and you're in for a heavenly delight. How have I missed this place for so long? Fancy steakhouse dishing out gargantuan hunks of cowflesh and doing it right!Urban cowboy swankness is the first impression upon walking in, pretty cool I reckon. Once seated I was pleased to see a 40 oz Porterhouse (all grass fed beef) that could be served with sides that are sure to stop your heart right in its tracks. Thank God for bone marrow and lard-cooked green beans. Of course, I got the 40 and ordered it bloody rare. Generally, steak places really jack this up because they're worried about some silly slack-jawed pathogens making me sick. Cowboy Star renders a one-finger salute to malicious micro-orangisms and serves steak how YOU order it, not how they think you need to eat it.So there I was with the hemoglobin drenched remnants of a bovine massacre plated with green beans and lovely bone marrow. Nirvana on a plate. What next ensued was an R rated hardcore carnivore feeding frenzy that left me happy, satisfied, and a little spent. Steak? Excellent! Seasoned lightly to really let the beef show its true glory. Beans? Cook anything in fat and it's simply peerless in my book. Bone Marrow? The last time I had bone marrow was when I butchered my own cow. It'll always receive a warm welcome from I.On top of all that, service was pretty dandy despite the place being packed! Of course my wallet was waaaaay lighter. $80 40 oz steak is a hard-hitter on the account, but you can split it and still end up full.If you believe in the power of saturated fat, if you consider yourself a mammal of the order carnivora....then you really need to find yourself at Cowboy Star to over-indulge in meat treats.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,3/30/2011,519,365,14,18,18>"Before we take your order, you are aware we take only cash. No credit card. Yes?"YES! The people were packed in like sardines and the food is a bit pricey, but overall, the food and ambiance more than made up for it. For some reason, being nestled up close to the surrounding tables didn't really irritate me and neither did the noise level of the chatter around me. It gave me but a glimmer of what it would be like if we were in Russia or Georgia.Oooh...road trip, anyone? ;o)We started with the salad sampler appetizer - be forwarned your pores may be oozing garlic the next day. My favorites being the carrot and beet salads. Garlic is so sexy.Everything else we ordered family style - Borscht - think beef stew!Shashlik - juicy grilled chicken and pork skewersKhinkali - meat dumplingsGolubtsi - meat stuffed cabbage rollsRussian style meatloaf topped w/ bleu cheeseRice and potato sideThe food was sooooo good! My top three were the chicken shashlik, Russian meatloaf and the dumplings.The staff at the restaurant -- helpful and super friendly. The cook that grilled and delivered our shashlik on a sword was very entertaining. The most notable character was the older gentleman, who sat at the end of the restaurant with a commanding presence of a 4-star general, but always had a big smile when talking to a customer or addressing the entire crowd.Oh, yes, it was that good.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,3/29/2011,432,198,17,16,13>"I don't  like it unless its Brand New!"Yet another Pho spot popping up out of nowhere. This is actually a nice, clean restaurant.If you're expecting some exciting unique name from this place, you can "PHO"get about it!!  WTF!!?? (Was That Funny!?)more to come......ok. I came. Here's the rundown on the food and restaurant.GOOD:- Good selection to choose from. Menu has pics!! 1 star for that- Banh Mi Ga: BBQ chicken sandwich. Great taste make it yourself.  static4.px.yelpcdn.com/p…- Friendly staff. Very nice.- Pho: Had the beef brisket and flank. "baby I like it raaaaw!!!" ok not really. I like it well done.static1.px.yelpcdn.com/p…- Spring Rolls: tasted like every other spring roll. Pretty good. Comes in an order of 6. The pic only shows three because I got hungry before the pic.static1.px.yelpcdn.com/p…-Smoothies: Good selection of fruit smoothies. I had the pineapple. You know what they say about drinking pineapple juice? Is that true ladies?static3.px.yelpcdn.com/p…BAD:- I likes it spicy. But for some reason I get a lil Sriracha crazy. My broth always ends up looking all red. I ended up not enjoying my pho because my mouth was on fire!4tnz.com/files/lightup_m…UGLY:- Can't really say anything ugly about this place. Brand new spot. Located in a shopping plaza that also has a liquor store, taco shop, 711 and Yokoz. Now if that's not a diverse shopping plaza then I don't know what is!!Wish they had a better name though.Any suggestions besides:-Pho Que Nao?-Pho Sheezy my neezy Chula Veezy?-Pho Rin Noodles?Overall a good spot to get your Vietnamese food fix. I'll be back for more.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/16/2010,12/30/2010,620,1444,35,22,25>(A date gone wrong)(Context: A date with a veg. A veg, not a vag [as in "va jay jay"], although she didn't like my joke so some would call her a vag but I think it's kind of insensitive so I'd only call her a veg)(~30 minutes into the date)Nameless: "Oh, I don't eat meat; I'm vegetarian; it's sort of an ethics thing." Brian K: "Really? I find that very interesting. I love animals myself, they're delicious!" (Uncomfortable silence; she was clearly offended). Brian K: "You know, Tony the Tiger..., 'They're grrreat!' (Now clearly pissed-off w/ a, "If looks could kill,"  female silence) OK, that was a joke!" Clearly it was not a funny joke to her.That was the first and last date. Hell hath no fury like a vegetarian's scorn.I will open the door for youI will not try to kiss you on the first dateI will guard your purse with my life while you are in the ladies roomI will even let you stay for breakfastBut because I eat meat, I'm a criminal, a low-lifeI picked up our tab of ~$50 and yes, the $50 was TOTALLY WORTH my insensitive but nonetheless, in my humble assessment, hilarious joke. The look on her face was priceless.She was cordial and stuck it out for about another hour even though we met here (it was a first date; in case you didn't know, it's generally not wise to pick up a girl on the first date since girls don't want to be held hostage. Oh dating...Blase, maybe even permanently passe).====I've been here plenty of times before with friends because we LOVE shuffleboard. It's never packed although I''ve never been on a weekend night.We'll usually eat and drink someplace else on Newport then go to Gallagher's to play shuffleboard and sober up. Actually, who am I kidding, we drink more there to sustain the buzz.====Vegetarians and vegans are cool, just not the self-righteous ones. Cheers my vegs!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,12/29/2010,594,225,58,39,36>So I'm getting all dolled up for my 2nd date with New Guy.  Make up?  Check.Hair?  CheckCute outfit?  CheckPair of really hot heels?  CheckMatching Coach bag?  CheckLip gloss for a reapplication after dinner?  CheckHello Kitty Debit Card so I can pretend that I actually want to pay?  CheckAs I wait for New Guy, I think of where he might take me.  Perhaps he'll go with a traditional Japanese place like Dokoro Shirahama?  Or a fancy Italian restaurant like Baci?  New Guy arrives and we take off.New Guy: I know you date a lot so I wanted to take you to a place that's a little out of the box.Me: Oh cool!  Yeah, I'm pretty adventurous when it comes to food so I'm up for anything!Aw..he's thoughtful and original, I think to myself.  Maybe we were going to get Ethiopian?  15 minutes later, we pull into a parking lot with a florescent sign that says Huffman's BBQ.  Me: Uh...so are we lost or something?New Guy: Nope, this is the spot!I look out the window and see a group of shady-looking guys yelling at each other on one side of the parking lot.  Maybe I should have left the lip gloss at home and replaced it w/ pepper spray instead.  Well, this place IS "out of the box".A neat lady takes our order.  I ordered gizzards, baked beans and greens.  New Guy gets a 3 piece fried chicken, fried okra and a hot link for good measure.  We sit down and I'm able to take a good look at the place.  Huffman's is pretty empty except for a few benches and tables for seating.Me: Nice decor they have here.New Guy: Yeah, this spot's pretty bare bones, but the food is out of this world!Me: Not totally bare bones; the drinking fountain is a nice touch.The food arrives quick and portions are huge.  Deep fried, perfectly seasoned and smothered in gravy, Huffman's gizzards are like little crunchy bites of heaven.  The BBQed hot link and chicken were also delicious and tasted better smothered in some hot sauce, but the baked beans with pieces of bacon swimming around stole the show.  To top off our meal, New Guy gets us a sweet potato pie.  I couldn't stop smiling during the whole meal and had stopped listening to New Guy talk after the 1st bite.  My taste buds, stomach and mind were completely concentrated on my food.  Each bite was better than the 1st.  What do they put in this stuff?!  MSG? Crack?  Or maybe just lard...Whatever it was, it was good!  At the end of the meal, I find myself looking at New Guy with a new found sense of appreciation.  This man knew good food.  I make a mental note to return to Huffman's soon...just during the day time.  I don't want to get shot.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,12/28/2010,859,450,30,31,28>wowowowowowowTheir mochi is dericious! :DAs soon as I bit into it, I thought "WOW....THIS. IS. BOMB!!!"Not the most sophisticated thing to come to mind but I was too preoccupied enjoying my mouffgasm ;PThe red bean and white bean were equally good but if just mochi alone can taste THAT good, that is saying something. The individual pieces of mochi are $1. They also offer other Japanese food products that made me reminisce my trip to Japan.There are a few great authentic Japanese restaurants and places that can be found in Chula Vista. They make me happy I live in CV. Hogetsu is one of them. The bakery is small and simple. Owned by a nice older Japanese couple. I talked to the owner for over an hour.....he is such a nice man :DThe whole strip mall is going through some sort of renovation construction, so it's harder to find....but go!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,12/27/2010,130,520,13,18,15>Only been here in the evenings for drinks and live music.... & it's the perfect place for that! The ambience of the place is warm; a lively but not too packed kind of place. Great music usually, although a bit too loud when sitting inside and trying to converse. The drinks are typical of any establishment. Being one of a few places in the area like it gives it extra points as well! WIll be trying the food sometime as it looks yummy.And men, beware- cougars are often spotted here. Don't say I didn't warn you when you get clawed by one.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,12/26/2010,149,72,19,19,17>Those with sensitive ears, beware: As you walk into this sushi restaurant, you will be welcomed with a very loud, very friendly greeting, given on behalf of the owner, Charlie, himself.This guy is goofy, in the best kind of way. He's a half-fire-cracker, half-care-bear, but altogether, fun-loving man, who doesn't mind going the extra-mile for his customers.My friend, Michelle, and I, were quickly seated, and soon after we said "yes" to water, Charlie brought out our glasses with a complimentary "H2O for YOU!" shout. We were asked if we wanted any soup or salad before we started fishing for our entrees, but we opted to skip out on the free appetizers.After seeing all the different options float on by, Michelle set her heart on the Rainbow and Crunchy Rolls. She had quite the time catching her meal, and of course, enjoying her capture.I ordered the sashimi salad, which was prepared fresh by the sushi chefs. The transmitted-palette-to-brain-message that was evoked in me as I chowed it down?: Yum.I love triumphant dinners.We will be back!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2010,12/25/2010,242,85,11,11,12>This place gets 5 stars from me just on location alone!...This place is literally just a hop skip and jump away from where I live..."Howd you hear about us bro?  YELP!"  I promised the dude that worked there that once I got home I would review this place...The spot is located right next to a barbershop and across the street from the Reo post office...I make trips to the post office atleast once a week, and now I make sure that everytime I go, I get myself a Cali Cheesesteak (Steak, onions, bell peppers, CHEEZ WHIZ).  The place is really small, not alot of room to eat with your friends inside...but theres benches outside if you wanna do that....People that work there are really cool...Young white dudes that look like they just got out of college...They were also blastin some Sublime and reggae songs in there, definitely made it feel like I was in a college dorm room...The food is EXCELLENT, everything made to order...and you can watch them make your order right there in front of you...Make sure to grab a napkin to wipe all that drool of your chin ;)  Ive only had the Cali Cheesesteak, but now each time I go I'll make sure I get a different one everytime...Seems like you can't go wrong with this place!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2010,12/24/2010,111,107,19,9,7>I ate some happy hour sushi here.  The wife ordered two dinner salads because she said the ginger dressing was that good.  Though, she is half rabbit and likes to do it bunny style.  Meaning she eats lots of lettuce.  Meaning her poops are green and grassy.  That one special roll with the kobe meat on top is delicious.  It's kind of like a surf and turf married a sushi roll and had babies.  Then I am the slow moving crocodile that swims along to the nest and eats those babies.  I liked that roll better than the baked one.  Which was kind of dry.  Happy hour here isn't cheap.  They have cheap beer, and 2 for $5 hand rolls.  The special rolls are what puts the dent in the wallet.  Not my keys that I'm sitting on.  Those my friend are digging into my ass crack.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,12/23/2010,117,104,16,14,14>Royal Mandy's.  not to be confused with Royal Bandy's - a late night "massage" hot spot on the other side of the Las Vegas Strip.this place has everything.  clones, freaks, sneezing, room after room of broken mirrors, a stuck up kitten that WON'T sign autographs, and look over there in the corner? is that mick jagger? no, its a fat kid on a slip n slide.  his knees look like biscuits, and he's ready to party! and anyone can get in.  at the door, just do the cosby face.oh wait, sorry i'm confusing it with Royal Bandy's again. =/ok, so really, this place has it all.  new furniture, fake van goh paintings on the walls, 40+yr old friendly asian women, plastic menus, party trays, (party people?), lunch specials, MSG, a shiny new "A" rating from the county health inspector, and really, really, REALLY great chinese food.(you takin' notes Liu's Chinese Restuarant?)in recent months, i've only come here specifically for lunch.  $4.95 sucka! i lllooooooveeeeee the lunch special with the beef/broccoli, battered mystery fish of the day, fried rice, and, and... THE SALT N' PEPPA (whatta man, whatta man, whatta mighty fine man' these things are freakin' GEWD) chicken wangs!so BAM! you get all of the above PLUS some egg drop soup with all the wonton crispies you could ever want-on your table (............get it?).  AND you get a fortune cookie that doesn't necessarily give you a fortune!!! (smile if you like this fortune cookie?!?) OH AND DID I MENTION, that if you want an extra lil' somethin (cream cheese wontons), its only another $1? =)i'm jus sayin, if you're a single dude that doesnt know how to cook and doesnt have a mommy or girl to make lunch for him, and you've got 5 big balla dollas that you can spend on lunch, 'best do the smart, delicious thing and eat at Royal Bandy's, er Mandy's.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,12/22/2010,2074,1145,22,24,21>pronounced chew-wow...i was chew-whoa! when i saw the prices.buying the biggest baddest box at 32 pieces with a fab two drawer jewelry box-like display...ran me upwards of almost 70 bucks.instant regret came with a whallop.  with the economy, were they nuts?  was i nuts?i had to give a gift to successful friends who pretty much have everything that sparkles.  it was a hit and they loved it so much that they want to import it into asia.  they said that it had a unique taste and that it was different from european chocolate.  i sampled one - it was creamy, rich in cocoa and melt in your mouth heavenly.in a world of duty-free filled godiva, chuao is a breath of fresh air.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2010,12/21/2010,1165,834,20,21,22>My favorite person in the whole wide world (if you know him, you will love him) decided to surprise me on my 27th birthday and whisk me away to Venice.No, not *that* Venice.  I wish.But Old Venice is close enough -- and a damn good substitute when the real thing is just a wee bit inconvenient.This restaurant is warm, cozy, romantic -- but the stark white color scheme is pretty dramatic.  And you know what else are dramatic?  Italian operas.  And the dinner we had here was like an opera.ACT 1:  INTRODUCTION (subtitle: "getting wasted... with feta")We shared a plate of the pesto baked feta with sun-dried tomatoes, and it was absolutely perfect.  Sizzling hot, pungent, and served with copious bread, this feta was manna from heaven.  We brought along a bottle of Chardonnay, and managed to drink the whole damn thing before the feta was gone.  I'd say the appetizer course was a rousing success.ACT 2:  RISING SUSPENSE (subtitle: "token vegetables")The entrees include a soup or salad, so my companion had the vegetable soup while I opted for the house salad -- you know, to be healthy.  And then I proceeded to pour a couple barrels of blue cheese vinaigrette on the thing.  And good lord, was it delicious.  (Okay, maybe "barrels" was a slight exaggeration.  The reality was more like gallons.)ACT 3: DENOUEMENT (subtitle: "sauce all over my nice new polo shirt")For the main course, I had the burgundy filet while my companion had the chicken piccata.  I tasted both and each was to die for.  Every item on these places was tender, cooked perfectly, and seriously juicy.  The servings were so large that I took half of my dinner home.  That meant that I could make my coworkers jealous at lunch the next day, as I chowed down on a Tupperware full of gourmet leftovers.For those of you who couldn't follow the plot of my opera, I don't blame you -- heck, I couldn't follow it myself, and I'm the one writing this review.  So here's the Cliff's Notes version:Food: Perfect.Ambiance: Perfect.Service: Perfect.Just go already.Finito.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2007,7/18/2007,97,117,15,3,6>Imagine yourself in a downtown mega club.  The decor is sophisticated and swanky. The crowd is hip and beautiful, with boobs fake like Santa.  Cool djs every night, blah, blah, etc, etc...Now IMAGINE THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE. Got a mental picture yet?That is the beauty of the jewel box.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2007,7/17/2007,159,243,4,16,17>well, folks.  for my 100th review, i figure i should write about a place that is really really special.  the only place that comes to mind deserving both five stars and the spot as my 100th review is my favorite place in the whole wide world, UCSD.  i just started going to ucsd in january of this year (it is june 2007 in case someone reads this way way in the future.. and don't get me started on how cool that will be) to finish my undergraduate degree as a transfer student to the communication department.  first off, let's get things straight.  as you may have heard, this is not a party school.  if you're looking to drink your way through your college years and not have to crack a book, turn around, and run as fast as you can in the other direction.  however, there are a lot of cool people that love to have a good time.  you just have to find them.  the professors here are, by far, amazing.  for the first time in my life, i really enjoy going to class.  i've always really liked school and had a drive to want to learn, but just setting foot on this campus reassures me there are others like this too.  things are well-orgainzed, the campus is gorgeous - to say the least, the library is huge, and there are a zillion programs and groups to join if you're into that kind of thing.  the teachings are progressive, and i  have had professors on more than one occassion suggest that it is the student who should be choosing the learning, and that if you are not happy with the education you're receiving, you should stand up and do something about it.  this is not a place that is out to force-feed you your education.  it is a research campus, where the teachers themselves are still indulged in their own education and always moving forward.  i haven't had the experience of living in the dorms since i am a transfer student, so i can't really assist in a review of that.  the campus is amazing in every way, and if you have some agency in your own being, you're sure to find something here that suits you.  UCSD is on the quarter system, which means if you are diligent, you can finish sooner.  it also means it is significantly harder than a lot of other universities because you're always in a time crunch, but i find that i work best under pressure anyway.  a few things to do if you ever get the chance at ucsd:- lay on the grass in the sun on a break b/w classes and be thankful you live somewhere you are able to do so.- take a class taught by professor patrick anderson in the comm. department.  he will change your life.  - take a class taught by professor mike cole.  he knows everything.- go to a "last lecture".anyway, there are too many amazing things about ucsd that you just have to experience for yourself, but take my word for it - it is five stars all around.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,7/16/2007,154,161,4,9,4>This is the first time I've gone here during the day.  And technically, the times I've been here at night is when I've been out and about already and am finishing up my night here.  In other words, I don't remember much about it at night, except a general aura of cool.So we had breakfast here today and I did try the Bloody Mary.  Now, the truth is that I didn't like it.  But, I'm not sure if that's a fair review because I have never had a Bloody Mary before at all, so maybe I just don't like them in general.  Therefore, I can't say for certain if they're all that or not.I had the machaca and eggs for breakfast, served with beans and rice and corn tortillas (50 cents extra for flour tortillas which is kind of bogus, but not enough to lose a star over) with a little dollop of guac.  The machaca and eggs was good, if a little bland, till I spooned some of the salsa on it, then it rocked!  The rice and beans were just sort of there.  The guac tasted fresh.I'm going to have to come back and try the fries on another day I want to blow my diet on!!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2007,7/15/2007,39,12,19,23,25>After having worked here, I got my fair share of things to say about this place. hmm, where to start..I still have no idea what the big deal is with this place. Personally, its not my favorite but I definitely do get my cravings every now and then even after working here and eating endless free burgers and fries during my break.Everyone always asks and is so intrigued by the so called "secret menu". It's basically anyway you want it... LITERALLY. You know how Burger King's motto is "have it your way?" well, they ain't got shit on In-N-Out. Here's a list of their "secrets":Animal Style Burger: spread, lettuce, tomato, pickle, fried mustard, grilled onionsAnimal Style Fries: fries topped with grilled onions and spreadFlying Dutchman: burger patty with cheese Grilled Cheese: spread, lettuce, tomato, & cheese onlyPlain Grilled Cheese: cheese and bunyea, thats really all the secret is which isnt really much of a secret though is it? but ill tell you what is a secret.. the spread. unlike Jack in the Box who claims to have a "secret sauce" when in fact, the ingredients of their "secret" are revealed right on the packet. but anyway, they dont even tell the employees whats in it. but i dont really care cuz its good when u mix it with ketchup and dip your fries in them. but there's countless more things you can ask for here. you want them to dice up the chilies and pop em in your burger? go ahead. you want a whole grilled onion instead of regular? (which i highly recommend) then go ahead. you want them to put fries in your burger for you cuz youre too lazy? be my guest. whatever you want, they got you. hell, they'll even squirt the syrups from the shake mix into your soda or milk if you ask them (which people do a LOT). ask for your fries well done for crispy fry lovers or fries light for those of you, like me, who love soggy fries! you can even tell them how long to cook your burger, and how many patties you want. 4x4 or a 23x23 burger for you freaks out there. any and everything.. go ahead. oh, and as far as the lines go. Im sick and tired of hearing people complain about the lines at this place. Ok seriously, you wanna know why there's lines? First of all, lets think about the fact that you're even standing in these lines which means the food must be to your liking. Second, its fresh freakin food. None of that effin frozen meat. Yes, In-N-Out actually has their own meat factory that delivers their patties. And lastly, their food is made when you order it. It hasn't been sittin there on the food warmers waitin for you to buy it. No, it's actually FRESH food. So if you dont wanna wait in a line, you dont want some fresh food, go do yourself a favor and go to Burger King or something. so there, this is why In-N-Out gets a well deserved 4 stars.phew, ive said my peace.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2007,7/14/2007,413,1019,3,5,4>If you're a scenester, you love this place. But of course, that makes the haters hate even more. I never come here to hang out, I'm all about seeing live bands here. So it's usually my first stop in the night since bands are done relatively early (midnightish?) There's usually a DJ before and after the bands. Much booty shaking to be had, for sure.Drinks are a bit on the expensive side (I'm used to dive bars, what can I say?) and they do have a couple of bartenders with some 'tude. Bonus star for being able to smoke on the patio.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,7/13/2007,82,61,10,12,14>Every once in a while the desire to have your opinion heard, maybe read by a complete stranger, maybe even complimented could eventually work against you.I made my first trip to North Park Produce yesterday mainly because I just realized it's literally just around the corner from my house.  I didn't realize that I drove with blinders on. . .But also because my daughter, Ms. Genevieve is staying with me for the whole week and she doesn't eat meat ("please don't pigeonhole me by calling me a vegetarian, Dad!". . .wha?).  So, a shop dealing with mainly produce seemed like a good idea.When we walked into NPP I knew I found my little foodie nirvana.  It all starts with the sweets.  Biscuits, chocolates, preseved fruit candies from all over the world. . .and I mean ALL over the world.  Italy, Israel, Lebanon, Ethiopia, France, Holland, you name it.  If they make candy you can scarf some here.  After tearing Genevieve away from the sweeties, we hit the produce.She (and I) were jumping around from bin to bin like acouple of monkeys!  Look at the rapine!  Look at the bunches of fresh herbs!  A whole refrigerator dedicated to various types of peppers.  Fruits so exotic I wouldn't even know how to eat them.The meat case left me mesmerized while it caused her to shriek and run away to the safety of the Arabic bread section.  The meat, for those of us so inclined, was fantasic.  Besides the usual pre-marinated Mexican items, there was a massive lamb selection, kidney, brain(?) -- possibly sweetbreads, parts of the cow I've never seen let alone eaten.  But I will.Olives.  A whole deli case.Cheese.  Another whole deli case.And did I mention that we filled a cart with the freshest produce, cheese and meat, along with some goodies for less than $50?  At those prices, who really gives a damn about presentation?  That will happen once I've cooked it!The ONLY reason I only gave it 4 stars is because Dad likes his beers and wines which are (sadly) missing from NPP.  Someday, perhaps.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2007,7/12/2007,230,224,8,16,15>I've been patronizing Sausage King (and lovin' that name!) since about oh... 1970-(cough)-something. My pops used to drag my brother and I there to get meat when we were little kids, and we would beg him to bring us some Landjaeger as we waited in the car. Sometimes we got to go in and pick our own out. Sausage King makes the best, and at a good price. If you're not familiar with Landjaeger, it's a German style sausage along the lines of jerky, but soft on the inside. As a grown up I'm not quite as fond of it but anytime my parents or brother came to visit me in the years I lived in SD, Sausage King was always a necessary stop for me first, to stock up for them. As to the rest of their products, it doesn't get any more old-school than Sausage King. Go give this store some business because one day places like this will sadly cease to exist.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2007,7/11/2007,152,31,9,8,8>Other cities have a regional food specialty that is quintessentially them.  Philadelphia has its cheese steak.  Buffalo has its wings.  If San Diego possesses an iconic food item, then no doubt it is the carne asada burrito.Palomino's has a good one.  One word of warning though, they aren't easy to eat with your hands as they tend to be roughly the size of a small sleeping puppy.  They also have a rather disconcerting tendency to explode the fillings out through the sides.  I suggest using a knife & fork instead  I always get my burritos as a combo plate including rice and beans for about $5.50 or so.  All the burritos (save the specialty ones that mix in seafood along with the steak, chicken, etc.) are available as the combo plate for that price inc. the shrimp and the California burritos.I do like their salsa bar as they keep it well-stocked with a good variety of salsa, radishes, cucumber, jalapeno carrots, etc.  Free chips available as well.Nice folks and quick service.  I always call in a phone order and can pick it up from down the street, load up on salsa and chips to go with the food, and get back to my work within 15 minutes.Don't know if this should matter to anyone else but the last time I was there it was full of cops so don't go driving up there half-crocked with your car's system blaring.  There were all kinds of different agencies in there at once: CHP, SDSO, SDPD, etc.  They were all spread out to different corners of the shop and attempting to display "command presence" while keeping guacamole off the uniform.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2007,7/10/2007,190,724,7,16,10>When my favorite hairdresser in Southern California told me that she was going on maternity leave, I am ashamed to admit that my first thought was "What will become of my hair?! How will I survive the summer without you?!" Then I remembered that the world does not revolve around me and that I would have to find some way to cope.Enter Disconnected.I'd heard so much about Disconnected on Yelp that I just had to check it out. I was skeptical. I wanted to discover some fatal flaw that all the other reviewers missed. I made no such discovery. Instead I think I figured out what makes Disconnected such a hot spot.Disconnected is a friendly hipster salon. Sounds like an oxymoron doesn't it. Let me try to explain. Disconnected has the cool look, the cool feel, the cool music, the cool hairdressers, BUT they make the client feel like they are cool for getting their hair done there. Unlike so many other hipster joints that treat customers like peons, Disconnected embraces their customers. What a novel concept! Simple, yet brilliant. This place is all about customer service. Rather than waiting in a chair with a stack of magazines, customers are invited to sit at the bar. I asked for water and got this orange mint bottled water. I must admit that it tasted like gargling after using that Aquafresh orange mint toothpaste. Not exactly what I wanted to be drinking, but I appreciated the effort to introduce me to something different. Neil took me to his station to get the run down on what I wanted him to do. The chairs were a bit uncomfortable with their super high arm rests. But then he took me for the shampoo and massaged away any further desire to critique. He won me over with... 1) the freaking head massage - what was that?! crazy good, like hypnosis. 2) how much he loves the North Park community and wants to see it thrive. 3) the fact that he recognized that the woman with me was my girlfriend, not my "friend." 4) the awesome mixed cd he gave us. 5) a great cut. How could I not give Disconnected 5 stars? I don't plan on leaving my hairdresser for Disconnected. What can I say, I am faithful. I am still all about Tina at DK. But I sure am happy to have found a great way to cope in her absence. Thanks Disconnected!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2007,7/9/2007,230,125,19,4,8>These are the people that make it happen.  The recipe for the Secret Sauce is said to be kept in basement sub-level three, heavily guarded by a cybernetically enhanced high-powered gorilla named Thor who has a savage and unnatural taste for human blood, much like our current president. The only hand he bows to is Jack's, who many say is not a man, but a reptile....but I have said too much already. This is the birthplace of the Ultimate Cheeseburger, the Spartan of all Cheeseburgers. It's a cheeseburger so serious that I won't even write a joke about it, in fear that it may one day read it and come seeking vengeance. Ffffuuup...Ffffffuuup it would probably sound like, as it moved closer and closer to my bed while I sleep. Men weep and Kings bow to it. That being said, I once went on the Ultimate Cheeseburger diet, a diet so dangerous that only one other person besides myself have ever attempted it, and last I heard he was still in solitary confinement because he couldn't stop twisting peoples heads around in the yard. I started the diet after a near fatal car accident, one that left my body weak and frail. As soon as I'm able, I would think to myself, I am going to lift heavy weights and eat as many motherf%&king Ultimate Cheeseburgers as I f&*king can. And I did. I would eat two after a workout. Sometimes I would eat six, seven a day. "You're crazy!" my friends would tell me, and I would laugh. In three months I had put on thirty pounds of (mostly) solid mass. "Vitamins and protein shakes are for the weak! Forget all you have come to know!" I would bellow in speeches to the masses. "Follow me, my children, for I have solved the Riddle of the Cheeseburger. Now rise!"At the height of my power however, I was seized by a series of horrible side effects; night sweats, delusions of grandeur, and the most terrifying, Cheeseburger Rage. I would wake up in random parts of the city, in strange parks and dirty gutters, all my clothes except for my jeans ripped from my body, much like the Incredible Hulk, except kinda chubby from eating too many cheeseburgers. I would have faint memories of smashing cars and lifting friends by the neck. Those were the days.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,7/30/2007,69,86,3,6,6>My sis and I stopped by last Sunday-- ohhhhh, the smells.  The fruit!  The flowers!  The art!  THE DELICIOUSNESS OF IT ALL! We went by the 'Perfectly Pesto' tent and tasted their signature 'perfect' pesto...perfect indeed.  Then it was to a fudge tent (well, not an actual FUDGE tent, but oh wouldn't that be sweet...I just can't remember the name of the candy maker) where rice krispie bars dipped in chocolate were purchased and consumed.  Ash told me the gyro woman at the end of the food line of tents had the best gyros at the market,  so we stopped and bought three.  SO GOOD.  I ended up making my sister turn around after we had left because I decided I wanted some fruit...the peaches and white nectarines were awesome and worth going back for.Oh, and check out the artist's tents...there was a dude who looked like some kind of photographer who would turn his pictures into 3D holograms of some sort.  They're cool to look at (quality photos) and I would have purchased one if I'd had room in my suitcase!A good handful (but not all) of the jewelry makers and artists accept credit cards, but the food vendors and fruit/vegetable people only take cash.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,7/29/2007,175,479,29,13,14>If I had a girlfriend, I would take her here. We'd sit in a quiet, romantic corner or if the weather was nice, we'd sit outside on the small patio.I would let the charming, authentic Italian waiter describe the specials in nearly-unintelligible English, smile and nod, etc.We would order some kind of pasta in lobster sauce, eat the bread with amazing dipping sauce, get a bottle of wine and finally, we'd share a huge piece of tiramisu. We would listen to the Italian music and maybe talk about the wall-to-wall murals or the general ostentatiousness that is La Jolla, and how this small, authentic and charming restaurant really doesn't fit in at all. I would pay and we would leave. Then, I WOULD SCORE. And that, my friends, is how you get things done.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2007,7/28/2007,0,0,6,6,7>Hillcrest's Tractor Room: much, much sleeker than the Beverly Hillbillies could ever hope to be.  A cool wood "antler" chandelier is the focal point, with enough faux-hide, faux-stuffed critters, steel cables spanning the ceiling and large leather booths for that just-right hipster appeal.  Also, their sunny front patio is just begging for an after-work happy hour.  No industrial-sized machinery here, but two phenomenal huge House Bloody Marys started us off perfectly (apparently, Major Peter's mix is the key ingredient). Quite possibly the best Bloody Mary I have ever had.  Really, and I'm no Bloody virgin. It was so dense and flavorful, and not at all watered-down, with the right amount of accoutrements.  Order that steal ($5) over any of their three menu specials which use their in-house mix (closer to $10). The "Bloody" beer sounded interesting, too, complete with salt-rimmed pint glass. I should also praise their creative food menu (elk sausage and boar mixed into traditional brunch fare like hash and eggs benedict), although the execution could use some work. I had a fried chicken benedict-type dish.  The name of the dish escapes me (and yet somehow "fried chicken" was a flashing neon sign), but it was basically a butterflied breast of fried chicken topped with a scrambled egg, cheese, bacon and hollandaise sauce, atop 2 buttermilk biscuits and then some.  Sitting comatose, understandably I lost track of the rest of the greasy mountain of goodness.  So why was the more traditional Hash House across the street, same owners nonetheless and same large portions, much more crowded?  My only guess is that it speaks to the lack of a market for these more interesting types of places in San Diego.  Props to the owners for going out on a limb with this Hash House inbred step-cousin.  Fun establishment!  Good urban concept.  Service was great, too. Before we even looked at their drink menu, we ordered two Bloodies and the waiter gave us the least expensive ones, which also turned out to be the tastiest! That is great service worthy of mention.  And no wait because we chose to sit at the bar.   Nicely buzzed after our 3-vodka shot BM cocktails, too.  How much better could mine and Dave Y.'s brunch experience here have been?  Not much.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/28/2007,7/27/2007,19,32,14,7,9>Flicks.  Videos, cheap drinks, gay men.A Will and Grace experience ensues...I wanted to write about a place that I normally would not write about, saw a review of flicks on someone else's page and decided "why not, I know that place" When I moved into Hillcrest years ago, I started dating this girl who worked at a local bar.  She suggested I pick her up one night at said bar.  Said bar is Flicks.  Over time I got to know the staff and owners of the bar and since I had worked in bars all through my college years (which I was just out of) and when the owner, Nigel, suggested I fill a niche there, I accepted.  I worked at Flicks for about a year and had a great time.  As the straight guy (I wasn't the only one there but we breeders were rare) working in this place, I  was the subject of a lot of teasing and speculation.  Regardless, I had a great time working there.  The owner was a blast and the crowd was cool, too.As other reviews have mentioned, this place is packed on Wednesday nights and for good reason...$1 you call its.  The place packs up quick with lots of men, mostly young(er) working professions looking to pre-drink before hitting the clubs on hump night.Isn't every night "hump night" in the gay community?As I remember, there seems to be a large amount of straight women in here.  For some reason, gay men with straight female hanger ons flock to this place.  As I recall, the official term is "f*g hag" **EDIT** also known as "fruit flies" **DISCLAIMER**  neither of these terms are particularly polite.  They have a VJ working most nights who is 'spinning' videos onto the multiple flat screens throughout the place.  There is a patio for all you smokahs!  Pretty dirty bathrooms as I recall.  1 pool table and they 'theme' it on most nights.  For instance one night may be karaoke night, another is dating game night and yet another (or so I heard) is Texas Hold'em Tournaments with the proceeds benefiting the local LGB&T community somehow.I have not been in Flicks since I quit years ago but they seem to be doing well.  The place is straight-friendly but narrow minded people should skip it.  If you are a good looking straight man, prepare to be accosted a lot.  Other than that, if you want a lively cheap spot to pre-party prior to hitting the Hillcrest clubs, Flicks might be "right up your alley".Heh, right "up your alley."  I crack myself up.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2007,7/26/2007,44,105,4,7,6>You have no idea how much this IS NOT my style.  It just isn't.  I love meat, I love dairy and I love cooked foods.  How exactly did I end up here then?  Simple.  I took my ass to the gym for the first time in like FOREVER today... and after my rugged 20-minute work out (hehe) it was time for lunch.  I was walking down 5th Avenue on my way to L&L for a BBQ Beef Mini when I passed Cilantro Live.  I have to admit, I have been curious about this place since it opened.  It's hard to do healthy though with so many awesome cooked and fully-fatted choices in the Hillcrest area.  What the hell though.  I figured I'd go the whole nine today.  Pretend to work out - pretend to eat healthy!  Haha!I liked this place as soon as I walked in.  Unlike their vegetarian counterpart Jyoti Bihanga, I didn't feel creeped out or surrounded by cult members either.  I felt kind of calm though (cheesy).  The restaurant is beautiful.  Its decorated very modernly, lots of white and pale green.  Pretty tiling up at the bar where I checked out the menu.  And it smells great in there.  Really fresh!  There was even a whole wall of hanging plants which added a nice touch.  Lots of the stuff on the menu looked good, some I imagined would be gross.... I decided on the Mix n Match Wrap Combo $8, a combination of any three wraps.  I chose the Buenos Vida, Fortuna and Pizzaza, their classic wraps.  It took a while for the food to be prepared but I guess that's a good thing. The first Wrap I had was DELICIOUS!  The Buenos Vida.  Cilantro Pate, Wild Rice & House Cheese topped with Salsa Fresca.  This was so freakin flavorful, I could hardly believe it!  A little bit spicy too!  Really, really tasty.  The second Wrap was disgusting.  The Pizzaza.  Sun-dried Tomato Pate, Tri-colored Onions, Red Bell Peppers & Olives topped with House Cheese.  This was so nasty to me.  Tasted like a big scoop of Tomato Paste in a lettuce leaf.  I took one bite and threw it away!  Steer clear!  The third one was just okay.  The Fortuna.  Sunflower-pumpkin Pate, Dulse Flakes and fresh Dill topped with Onions.  This was definitely tasty but couldn't hold a candle to the Buenos Vida.I enjoyed my experience overall.  I'll definitely give them another try.  I'm planning to do the cup of soup and half salad combo next time though.  They have a Potato Salad that looks really good.  Potato and Jicama squares tossed in a creamy Cashew Mayo.  I think I'll pair it with the Cilantro Live soup.  Warm Avocado and Cilantro broth topped with Tomatoes.  This isn't something I would want all the time, but I could see myself craving it every so often.Three stars until I try some more menu items...
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,7/25/2007,680,164,11,7,15>This is probably more than you ever wanted to know about me, but I couldn't resist considering some of the other reviews I've read about HOB... so here it goes.I am a music junkie.  A real live music addict.  I have won countless drinks and champagne brunches from friends by winning rounds of name that tune...not to mention annoying friends to no end on many occasions.I am a self-proclaimed music geek & I pretty much have the music collection to prove it. It is my passion and my world - I am a total nerd, and proud of it.I have probably been to close to 1000 live shows in my lifetime, all over the country with the highest concentration of shows being in San Diego.  I seriously doubt there is a music venue I have not been to here and honestly, the House of Blues is right up there with the rest of my favorites.  (In the interest of full disclosure... I will admit that I worked for HOB CONCERTS back in the day (the sister company to the club -- but it was WAY before the club even opened... so it's not a case of a loyal employee trying to win brownie points...my opinion is based solely on my experiences at the music venue and restaurant)  I have seen some of the most AMAZING shows in this intimate venue (although I admit, I was there... Britney Spears was NOT one of them).  For all of the shows I have seen the sound has always been above par (lip syncing not included) .  Their line-up is usually really good, and offers a wide-variety of shows each month... and no matter who I go see, I always feel like I'm watching the show in my own living room, since it's such a small venue. (Okay, my living room is not THAT big & I am sure it's decorated much nicer than my apartment.... but you get the idea)  As much money as I have spent on tickets in my lifetime, the HOB ticket prices are right in line with any other venue of that size -- and people, it's supply and demand!  The ticket price often reflects how much the venue has to pay the artist! (It is a business!) And no, they don't allow cameras inside the venue for most shows -- but that is usually at the artists request, especially for club sized venues.As far as the restaurant/bar goes.  I have always found the bartenders to be super friendly and to pour hard.  Yes, the drinks can be pricey, but they're no different for any bar in the Gaslamp area.  The food is better than most pub grub...and actually, I am addicted to the Elwood Blackened Chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries.  YUMMY!  Not to forget the kick a$$ happy hour that I only wish I could frequent more often....I think their happy hour is from 4pm-7pm Tuesday - Friday and 4pm til closing on Mondays (which is always great to start a work week off right???) 1/2 price apps (or happyizers as I like to call them) and great drink specials...not bad, eh?All in all, my only beef with the entire place... is that during some of the quieter shows, ...the patrons will not shut up!  It's rude and disrespectful to the artist, the other paying customers... AND to their own wallets since they paid to be there!  It's all good when it's a hard rockin' super loud ear busting show... but for the singer-songwriters of the world... shut up and watch the show! If you want to talk at the top of your lungs, go back upstairs to the bar where there isn't live music playing!!! ;-)  Maybe that's my issue - but it's certainly not the venue's. I think it's a solid 4.5 (rounded up since I'm in a good mood)~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Edit - now that they're hosting Guitar Hero... a full 5 stars baby!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2007,7/22/2007,117,98,4,4,6>I don't know how you couldn't give this place 5 stars.  the woman who owns it is named 'judy the beauty' for gods sake, and not only that but she frequents it daily and yells things at you in french while holding her arm out for you to usher you into the dense, cozy restaurant with her warm hand on your back.you may not get your coffee refilled as quickly as you like but this is the kinda place that you could walk over and refill your own damn cup. the bar in the west room is horseshoe shaped to coerce you to sit close to your neighbors, ask them to pass the sugar, and make constant accidental eye contact, in an effort (I believe) to inspire friendship.they always play good tunes, have charming, somewhat fascinating indie people employed, the walls are covered in chaotically placed pics, notes, articles etc, and the food is delicious. what more could you want? oh and whoopie goldberg used to wash dishes here. I mean, whoa.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2007,7/21/2007,288,278,6,6,8>Gorgeous, GORGEOUS, place!  When you first walk in its a small bar and you have to walk past the bar to get to the restaurant part.  Very cool water projection on the walls above the cabanas.  Not too many leis around, so the name is confusing.  I was here with a group of friends on Friday night and we reserved one of the cute little white cabanas.  The lights in the booth kept changing color, making it very hard to read the menu, but cool!  They are also equipped with a small screen with an aquarium-like screensaver.  I didn't get it because the screen was way above our heads, not at eye level where you could enjoy digital fish.  The booths remind me of VIP booths at clubs.  Sofa seats about 6-7 people.  There's a little table in the middle and it's a bit awkward to eat at.  Basically you're eating on your lap.  It wasn't big enough for all the food we ordered.I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak Spring Rolls because it sounded delicious and because my friends said it was good.  I wasn't disappointed.  I especially enjoyed the spicy ketchup that came with it.  I also tried homeboy Josh's Lobster Pad Thai, spicy!  But good!  What was pretty impressive was my other homeboy Bryant's Crab Mac N Cheese.  Holy moly that was incredible!  Shell macaroni and enough crab to make a girl happy.  Plus lotsa cheese.  Damn I love me some cheese.  Jules' Steak Quesadillas were good, but its pretty hard to mess up a quesadilla.  Now those of you that know me know I didn't wash all this goodness down with a glass of water.  Especially if my ass ain't driving.  And especially if the restaurant has a specialty drinks menu.  I ordered the Lei Tropical Cooler which was incredible!  Coconut rum, creme de banana, melon, syrup, pineapple juice and lemon juice.  Oh so delicious it gave me a liquorgasm.  As a little bet, one of Josh's friend's Matt challenged him to drink the jalapeno-flavored drink (I forget what it was called).  Before Josh finished it and Matt had to pay for it, I tried it and it was interesting.  Everyone else hated it and said it was the worst drink ever.  Clearly, they've never had the half rum/half vodka crap in Frank L's flask.  The service was good.  The staff is mostly gay as the restaurant is located in Hillcrest.  Our waiter was a delight and laughed at our group's stupid jokes and even encouraged them.  I really wish I lived or worked nearby because they're happy hour is half off their signature drinks.  And the drinks were only $7 during non-happy hour.***Interesting and Cool Factor*** They donate a portion of certain items on their food and signature drinks menu (marked with a tiny red ribbon) to Mama's Kitchen Grocery Hearts Charitable Foundation.  I left very full and slightly buzzed.  Not a bad way to start the night.  ;)
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,7/20/2007,13792,257,1,12,10>This organization has been serving San Diego for over 125 years.  They are a private nonprofit organization with NO MONEY coming from the government.   The organization uses money received from contributions (that would be you), grants, bequests (you again) and investments.Their vision is to inspire and engage the community to end animal suffering.   They promote humane treatment of animals, help prevent cruelty to animals and provide education to enhance the human-animal bond.They provide sheltering, adopting of animals, public training classes, investigating animal cruelty and neglect and rescuing animals in emergency situations.You can help as a volunteer in a wide range of areas and ways.  It is fun to help and this is a great organizations with an important role in the community.  Give them a call or just drop in and see what's going on.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,7/19/2007,353,182,3,6,6>" I'd rather have Roses on my table than Diamonds on my neck "__________________________________________________­_They have AMAZING floral bouquets for ONLY $4.99. I usually go Costco when buying fresh flowers. Butfor these I will make an exception.Albertson's has single pack flowers for $4 a bundle, that deal pales in comparison to this one!Beautiful, colorful, vibrant fresh flowers. I am weak.Go buy someone a bouquet, flowers would brighten up even Mr. Scrooge's day... Hell go buy yourself some flowers.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,5/18/2012,363,200,43,25,28>Simply Stunning!A visit to the Point Loma Tide Pools should serve as a reminder to anyone who calls San Diego home to never take for granted that we live in picture perfect paradise.Here are 10 other reasons why you should visit:1. Because the entrance fee is only $5. Don't be a cheapskate!2. Because you're having a rough day at work and you're tempted to go postal on your boss and co-workers. Go here and just breathe.3. Because some bad Asian woman driver in her Benz just cut you off on Convoy Street. Again, just breathe.4. Because you want to impress that special someone. This place screams - MARRY ME?! (Note to future husband: Don't take me seriously on this. You should know better. ;P)5. Because Sunset Cliffs is played out. Yaaawn.6. Because you're going through (fantasy) football withdrawal syndrome. Oh, and because the Chargers sucked it up. Again.7. Because you're playing hookey from work or school and you have nothing else better to do. (Shhh.. Don't say a word to my supervisor!)8. Because your girlfriend of 2.5 years just told you that she wants to see other people. Ouch.9. Because the economy still sucks and that trip you've been dreaming about to the Maldives is never.going.to.happen.10. Because you're getting older and you STILL don't know what you want to do with your life.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,5/17/2012,242,154,18,11,10>Like a person who opens a full fridge and whines "I HAVE NOTHING TO EAT," I am on a constant hunt for a decent brunch in San Diego, Land of A Thousand Brunches. Every place I try seems to fail in some aspect: too long a wait! Crappy food! Too expensive! They looked at me weird when I made a dog penis joke!Iiiii knooooooow, my standards are a bit high for someone who has 3am burrito stains on her shirt, but hey, I am an Olympic-level brunchist. I demand greatness.I've loved Tractor Room for years for their happy hour, but had no idea they even served brunch (I assumed they left it to their obese, obnoxious sister across the street). This morning on my weekly brunch-hunt, however, I noticed that THEY DO, so I gathered my hungover compadres and to South Hillcrest we went. We were quoted a wait time of an hour, but at 11:30 on a Sunday, I couldn't be surprised. We popped over to R-Gang (another one of my FAVE brunch spots) for a cocktail while we waited, and within 40 minutes we were seated. Our server was a funny and friendly chick who took care of our every need. Drinks took a while, but she kept us updated on the state of the bar (um, busy as shit, obvs) and once received, said beverages were divine. I had a St. Germaine and champagne cocktail (yum!), and my pals enjoyed some scotch bloody mary things (NO THANKS I'D RATHER DIE). The food is where this place hits it out of the park: my free range boar hash was so, so good, and paired with the steaming hot cornbread, cocktails, and good friends,  I was in brunch heaven. Unfortunately I had already had pre-brunch breakfast so I could barely get through half of my plate, but I boxed the rest and had it for my pre-dinner second-lunch*. My dining companions had the elk sausage hash and the salmon and rock shrimp benedict, and each were as binge-worthy as the last. At about $40 a person (two cocktails and a meal), Tractor Room brunch won't be on my brunch quick-list, but when I'm miserably cramming dry pancakes into my mouth and washing them down with equally terrible mimosas, I will be dreaming of that wild boar. Yearning for that corn bread. Craving that St. Germaine. Creeping out the people in the booth next to me by saying all these things out loud. Tractor Room was delicious, had a great decor and atmosphere, and made me just full and buzzed enough to be couch-bound for the rest of Sunday. And THAT, ladies and gentlemen, is what I look for in a brunch. WATCH AND LEARN. * I would appreciate if you didn't share this sentence with my nutritionist. We're currently working on what she calls "portion control" but I call "forced Holocaust-like starvation."
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,5/16/2012,256,133,28,13,10>(Dark humor alert)Stacked was created to mess with non-tech-savvy people and for my entertainment.  You actually cannot verbally order anything...but must interact with all staff via an iPad.  Brilliant!  Want a burger?  Put it in the iPad.  Want more water?  Put it in the iPad.  Want to get a hand job under the table?  Well...you can *try* putting that in the iPad but they will probably just bring you more water.I actually didn't order a burger (I know...I know...I wouldn't even give myself a hand-o under the table for NOT ordering a burger at a burger place), but got a couple of apps.  And although the apps were actually made by real people and not a Star Trek-esque device, they were really tasty!  I got the fries and chicken nuggets with a bunch of handmade (pun intended?) sauces.  Filling and good!My goal in life is now to bring my grandmother here and watch her try to work the iPad.  That would be so amazing to watch...but mostly because she has been dead for over ten years.Come on, Stacked.  Do it for Grammy.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,5/15/2012,413,327,9,15,15>My love affair with Bertrand is really just part of a bigger picture: my love affair with tailored clothing. The difference between a Haines tank top and a bespoke 120 thread-count worsted wool suit is not a matter of function; it's a matter of form. It's a matter of how it makes you feel, how you carry yourself when you're in your element. The difference between other restaurants in San Diego and Bertrand is the difference between a snail sliming its way across the parking lot, and escargot. It's the difference between butter in a plastic wrapping and creamy, freshly churned cow's butter. It's the difference between peas and capers. The difference is "how" not "what."Bertrand is a place to experience your evening, to share it, with whomever you're dining with. You should spend a few hours here, first eating your several courses with the suggested wine pairings from a table inside, drinking in the lovely San Diego skyline. Then enjoy a sweet dessert like the crème brûlée with a petite port. Watch the sun slip behind the slopes of Coronado, and walk to the balcony area and take a photo.I love Bertrand because of what it is, and because of the people inside -- both the magnificent service personnel as well as the people dining here. Everyone respects one another. Everyone dresses well, not because they have to, but because it is a courtesy to fellow patrons. True, a tank top and a suit are both just pieces of cloth at the end of the day, but if it was your time to shine, to show the world the best you have to offer, would you go a step above the rest? Bertrand does.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/27/2012,5/14/2012,548,308,30,19,18>With over a thousand reviews you might wonder why I'd even waste my time writing one for Oceanaire. Well friends, let me share a little secret. This place may be decorated like a 1940's cruise ship but the staff is straight out of a sci-fi novel! Thank goodness when we called ahead to ask if we needed reservations for a Sunday night, table of 3, the hostess guaranteed none were necessary. Once we arrived her attitude was a bit snarky and I questioned why she hadn't offered reservations over the phone if us dropping in caused her such an inconvenience. I later chalked this up to a shorted wire in her system. I would have hated to be seated at any of the prime tables that Oceanaire offers, anyway.Instead, our table was hidden in the back of the restaurant right next to the kitchen door. The constant traffic behind me was extremely distracting, but the clues of the future were everywhere.The evidence is as follows:One server walking around had hair a-la Doc from Back to the Future. I bet he touched the flux capacitor because there's no other way to explain how he got his white hair to stand straight out from his head like a frizzled scientist. The glasses he wore almost made him appear artsy, but why on earth would a 50 year old man serve tables for a living unless he was undercover from the future? The second piece of evidence came when our server approached our table. Her manners were robotic and scheduled. After she began explaining the menu it became clear she was an animatronic robot. When we asked questions while going over the menu you could almost hear her recording skip as she had to change tracks on her internal memory. (I suggest upgrading her RAM) I understand the menu is very large and probably takes a long time to master, but I've had less robotic service from lesser known (and less expensive) restaurants.The only clue I had that I may not have been trapped in a time warp came on a visit to the ladies "power room." They clearly had not invested in a cleaning robot because the garbage was over flowing and two out of the three stalls were less than sparkling with toilet paper flung about. For a place that doesn't include sides with their entrees, I was extremely disappointed in the condition of the restroom and can only imagine it's appearance should we have stopped by on a night that was actually busy.Our table agreed that while the service was less than fantastic, the food was out of this world. The crab cake and fried asparagus tasted like a nebula being formed in my mouth. My yellow tail was dressed with peaches, black berries and a port reduction that combined was better than seeing a dozen shooting stars in the sky. The cheesecake was simply cheesecake, but sometimes that's for the best. I wouldn't say it rocked my world, or even my tectonic plate, but it was a nice finish to the meal.Finally, as we left, a man in a suit, who I will presume was either a manager or just a very forward customer said, "I'm glad you had a great time." Well sir, you or your server, never actually asked if we had a great time, and for the intergalactic price we paid for dinner, I would kindly suggest upgrading the robots.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,5/13/2012,722,527,10,11,14>kudos to the owners for a very respectable drinking hole and eatery...i had the HH special of a draft and a slice - my poison: Sapporo draft and a pepperoni slice... good stuff...next on my list: the Pho and the Bahn Mi
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,5/12/2012,491,508,15,20,19>Babingka madness I tell you!I saw a few people walk out of here with huge boxes of what I'm sure was their special Binbingka galapong.  I grew up eating about a dozen different kinds of Bibingka, but this is by far my favorite.  It's the cake like version, baked in a banana leaf with a bit of cream cheese on top, sprinkled with sugar.  C'mon, you've seen it at parties.  It's usually wrapped in saran wrap or cut into quarters. I usually stash a couple in my purse for home. Oh yeah, that's how I do it!Well, this place makes them fresh, so they're served warm, and drizzled with melted butter.  Good Lord!!! At $3 a piece or $33 for a dozen, they are well worth the price.  Sure, I ate tocilog, which was good, not great.  A little dry, but a good sized portion with 2 scoops of white rice and a fried egg on top. It hit the spot, but that was merely the means to a sugary, buttery, Babingka ending. Mais con hielo could have used a bit more sugar, but I was just excited it was on the menu.The place is clean, seating is ample, the bahay kubo and parols were super cute, and the service was spot on.  Parking was a plenty when we got there (just before opening) but when we left, it was a war zone. Get there early.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,5/11/2012,720,560,11,13,14>Yummy!  Hot day, post brunch and where do you go to get some cool desserts that won't hurt the tummy, the waistline or the budget?Go to VIVA Pops in North Park...just before the Normal Heights sign heading east on Adams.  They have all kinds of flavors with choices for vegans, lactose intolerant and other picky eaters!I enjoyed myself with a Margarita and salt vegan pop while others had the mango chipotle (just like the street vendors sell - mango with chile powder!) he enjoyed it so much he had two VIVA Popsicles.It was delicious and where else could you see two little cute kids enjoying their popsicles (one eating it really quick to minimize losing them to the floor or heat) while the other...let's just say licking is not the fastest way to eat the chocolate popsicle but wearing it on his face was precious.This summer, this is the place to get some cool popsicles to soothe your hot and simmering day from anywhere.  So if you are buying it for other people, bring a cooler with plenty of ice to keep it cool but beware of the temps outside, it could melt before you could say Fiddlethesticks!Nice little place with seating for young and old but could be very tight during busy times.P.S.  they do have dog pops too, man's best friend can't be left outside in the heat without some cool pops!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,5/10/2012,211,81,13,15,12>It's probably best for my health that I live a good driving distance away from Luchas. You know that moment you have when you have to close your eyes and stop talking to the people you're there with just to grab an extra moment with your meal. Their steak tacos are HUGE and packed full of the most delicious ingredients I've ever come across. Their super secret sauce could have crack in it for all I know and you know what, I wouldn't even mind. Many apologies to the friend I was there with who I hadn't seen in a long time and I swear, I'm a great listener, but from now on we're going to have to go somewhere else to catch up because to this day I don't know half the things she said to me. Delicioso!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/8/2012,604,329,39,31,22>As a Korean, as much as I abhor AYCE KBBQ, I will comfortably give this place 5-stars. I will put aside personal reservations as I review this place until the end. I will try hard. For the quality meat, service/attention, choice of food, side dish variety, and general ambiance, this establishment deserves my rating. For AYCE KBBQ in San Diego, this is probably as good as it gets. I'm trying so hard not to downgrade my star-count because I PASSIONATELY HATE AYCE KBBQ, but I was impressed enough from my visit with 30 friends that it made me forget how much I loathed this glutton's choice of heaven.Since our party was ginormous, they gave us the private room, which was spectacular. Very well ventilated, spacious accommodation, and instant service. I was shocked that every time we pushed our bell, they came in a couple seconds later. I could get classically conditioned to this after enough successful times.Pricing: 19.50/24.50 option. Go with the $19.50 - it's the best bang for your buck unless you like seafood and prime rib (which you get only 5oz). Comes out to $24 after tax/tip. Best choice of meats: - Joomooluk (big chunks of short rib - is seriously the most worth it. It's juicy, thick, and satisfying).- LA Galbi: Marination was perfect. Very flavorful.- Chadolbegee (beef brisket? - cooks quickly! nice if you're starving and need something quickly - or you're trying to beat the other table at how many plates you can finish)Give these a try:- Cow Tongue (psychologically traumatizing which takes away from eating a second plate, but it's free, and actually isn't bad at all!)- Pork Sam Gyup Sal (large and thick pieces of bacon, which Koreans love like their own mother, but honestly seems bland to me)-Pork Small intestines: honestly should taste normal, but yet again, to imagine crap going through there - no thanks.Lots of side dishes to choose from:Cabbage kimchi, pickled cucumber kimchi, fried glass noodles, seasoned fish cake, some vegetable concoction, huge bed of salad, etc. Way more than other establishments I've been to.Essential stuff to ask for:- Rice cake wrap thing. It's really good when wrapping around your meat and eating it. You have to ask for it!-Marinated Radish slices: also very good. You will need to ask for this too if they dont give it to you by default. -Their bean curd soup tastes great...but wary to give to non-Koreans. But give it a try with your meal!-Burned rice soup is also very soothing after eating all the crap you just ate. Tips:- Reject the rice until you're ready to give up on your meat intake. The rice will expand making you full quicker. - Dip your meat in the salt/sauce holder in front of you. Brings out more flavor- If you have leftover meat, hide it in the side dishes and soups so they dont charge you extra. MUAHA.- If you have a birthday, they'll put on the Birthday song for you. So random, man. - DONT WEAR CLOTHES YOU AREN'T PREPARED TO WASH. You will stink of greasy marinated meat after. I always take off all top layers except a t-shirt. I feel sorry for everyone else wearing fancy clothes and suits. I've learned my lesson. They havent.- THEY DONT TAKE DISCOVER (and also maybe AMEX). Take note!Okay. I will now mention how much I think AYCE KBBQ is not ever worth anyone's money. It seriously leaves you feeling disgusting, and you probably elevated your blood pressure and cholesterol level by 234x, and tomorrow you'll wake up feeling disgusting. Your pee will even stink of meat. Your pores will ooze of marinated sauces. Basically, only in America will you find people loving places like this. However, if you MUST, Manna is not a bad option in San Diego. Come here, and you'll walk away feeling gross but very satisfied. What an oxymoron.I just burped. I still taste my meal after 7 hours. This is gross man. I need to go chew on more heads of lettuce and cleanse my system of such brutal injustice.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,12/4/2012,135,194,5,10,6>This is my second time here. I decided to come here again and take advantage of restaurant week. I'm so glad I did. I sat on the other side of the restaurant so I got to see and pay attention to more decor and it's so cutesy. I really love it. Everyone here is so friendly and nice. They know the menu so well and recommends great things. I must say... I was quite impressed with the appetizers. The prosciutto carpaccio was so good! I would definitely get this again. The watermelon panzanella was alright too. I would get this again too. I love the beets in here and it was like a very refreshing salad. I could not stay away from the short rib pappardelle. I wanted to try something new but of course I saw someone else get this and I wasn't interested in the pizzas so I got it again. I'm just a huge fan of pasta and short ribs. I love that tender falling off meat and the flavor!My bf got the ribeye and I thought they cooked this perfectly (a lot better than some popular steakhouses I've been to). We usually like the "eye" part of the rib eye and I'm not sure it had that but either way... two thumbs up. I wasn't a fan of the chocolate budino. It was too sweet and rich. I wasn't into the bittersweet flavor or something... The caramel panna cotta was so good. I love the nutella and peanuts. I would swim in it.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,12/3/2012,415,328,7,9,7>My coworker got me started on this place with their easy to use on line ordering system and their COOKIES! Big, delicious, ooey gooey cookies! She would send out an email saying she was picking up Specialties and a few of us would put our order in using their on line system where you can pay right there. She would swing by and pick up our bags and just like magic, I would have lunch! That's right!I was out of the office for a dentist's appointment right before lunch yesterday. I was ravenous and trying to figure out where I could get something that was quick yet also tasty. Hello I am near Specialties... might as well grab myself a great sandwich with a tasty treat. I went in, put in my order for a sandwich for myself and my lab husband plus a few cookies to share with the coworkers, then waited a very brief time to have my little buzzer light up. Hells yes! Bag in hand and on my way in no time!Then I get to work... and there were no cookies. NO COOKIES!!!!! So I looked up their number. They don't take calls at the cafes so I dialed up a 1-800 number and got the most pleasant lady on the line. She understood my need for cookies. She fully realized I bought sandwiches but what I really went for was cookies, ooey gooey cookies. What she and the staff did next was nothing short of phenomenal, they had cookies delivered to my work within 20 minutes. Yes delivered. In addition, they doubled my order for free! Now that is amazing customer service! Specialties, I love you.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,12/2/2012,242,154,34,17,9>(This review may be a little premature, and I'll be sure to continue watching my credit card statement in the next week or so, but so far, so no-overdraft-fees)As you all did, a friend and I purchased the Groupon deal for 6 weeks of classes for $45. Immediately following the "oh my god we're going to get so hot I am definitely going to lose 35 pounds this month let's go buy some kale!" period, I swung on over to Yelp to see what The Almighty Yelpers had to say. BOOM. One star. One star. One star. One star. "Great workout, shady business practices," seemed to be the consensus, and with a look over to Matt's MULTIPLE, HILARIOUSLY AWFUL websites (think if Geocities and ShamWow had a lovechild) made me suffer from some serious post-purchase depression. Oh well. I figured it was a done deal, so I might as well go get fit before getting monetarily raped. And yes, part one of the reviews were spot on! A FANTASTIC workout, without a doubt, every time I groaned in misery showing up to class but walked away feeling on top of the world. Althea (sp?) and the two dudes who took over during my last week were awesome trainers who were motivational without being scary. (Sorry, "two dudes," I never learned your names because I was too busy not making eye contact with you and staring at your alarmingly toned arms.)Yes, they make you give them your credit card number at the start. Yes, $200+ for a monthly membership is like, far and beyond overpriced. YES, they probably charge your card if you don't make the conscious effort to cancel your membership... but all those issues were forewarned at the start of the trial.You thought they were just going to cancel your membership without you asking? HAHA! Did you guys also think those 6 CDs were really going to be a penny back in 1996, too? Rule of thumb for future reference, friends: if a company's website offers to send you a "free copy" of ANYTHING, or looks like Microsoft Word "WordArt" threw up all over it, it's going to be shady. All in all, a great boot camp that I'm sure, paired with a healthy diet, could help you drop some serious poundage. This was not the case in my situation because I rewarded myself after every class with 14 beers and half of a Pizza Hut pizza, but that's my own battle. On a serious note, Matt. Fix that godawful website. Seriously. It's fucking terrible.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/1/2012,578,372,14,16,12>DERICIOUS! I was very excited to try this spot out once I saw them open. I even came here one time previously, heart set on some rakiraki ramen, and was denied because they were closed on a saturday for lunch... It's okay, the place is still brand new and there will be another opportunity... The decor is very nice, I love the feel of the large table in the corner that seats something like 20 people. Even their plastic water cups are nifty. The lighting is creative and I love how simple the menu is. I ordered the premium spicy ramen. I went back and forth with the waiter because he wanted to make sure I was down for the heat I was going to receive. I had to tell him, "Look, if I can't finish it because its too spicy -- my hat is off to you, ser!" He recommended the chicken as opposed to the pork, and I took his lead. It was excellent! Very hot and spicy, just how I like it. He asked if I wanted more hot stuff, but I waved him away -- don't bother me man, I'm eating.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,11/30/2012,1165,834,18,25,26>Oooh la la...Now *this* is a bar I like.I've been eagerly anticipating the opening of Seven Grand ever since the old Bacchus House went out of business and, more recently, when that massive rotating sign was erected.  Bacchus House was a neighborhood eyesore, so news that a swank lounge was opening in its place came as a pleasant surprise.The result: Seven Grand does not disappoint.From the minute you walk in, you feel like you've left San Diego and entered a posh hunting lodge in the Scottish highlands.  Dimly lit and extremely atmospheric, Seven Grand is a feast for the eyes.  Gorgeous tartan carpets, high-end light fixtures, stuffed animal heads lining the walls, and meticulous metalwork ensure that your peepers are never bored.  The owners spared no expense for San Diego's Seven Grand to live up to the standard set by its big brother up in downtown LA. Seven Grand is a maze.  As you walk in, you're greeted by the main bar on the left and a room with a pair of pool tables on the right.  Beyond that, a narrow hallway with another hallway toward a smoking patio on the left.  Beyond that, yet another hallway toward the back room, which features a second large bar and a stage for musical performances.  (Rumor has it that live jazz is forthcoming.  I can't wait for that.)Both bars are fully stocked with the standard liquors, but Seven Grand is a whiskey bar, first and foremost.  Literally hundreds of whiskeys line the walls -- which left a whiskey-novice like me feeling slightly overwhelmed.  Luckily, the bartenders didn't mind one bit.  They served me and my two guests an Old Fashioned, a whiskey and soda, and a rye Manhattan.  They were all executed with care and love.  Of course, since I'm a sucker for the sweet stuff, the Old Fashioned was my clear favorite.The vibe is just right.  So far, there's no cover charge, but a doorman/bouncer guy limits entry to avoid things from getting too loud or crowded inside -- so anticipate a line.  Everyone inside is friendly and happy, with no unnecessary pretentiousness.  Just amazing cocktails and a perfect ambiance.Seven Grand... I hope you stay around for a long time.  You're the best whiskey bar in town -- exactly what North Park was looking for.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,11/29/2012,585,211,3,4,4>Instantly addicted. Pole is SUCH a fun and GOOD workout. Definitely beats getting destroyed in crossfit. The studio is super clean (wet wipe down the yoga mats and rubbing alcohol for the poles) and she provides chalk/lotion for class too. Marie, the owner, is SO sweet - she seems to really take the time to know each student and the classes are so small you get your own pole with individual help & attention.I took Beginning Tricks where you'll learn how to climb the pole and do an inversion!! Each "routine" can be scaled down based on strength/comfort but I'd say it definitely helps having some upper body strength to fully complete each trick. Intro to Pole is more of the sexy/flirty dancing around the pole (in super high heels), and it seems like there's a different class special every month on the website.If you have any other questions, just call in. They're super helpful and will find the right class that suits your preferences!Can't wait to keep going back :D
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/28/2012,104,178,6,12,8>While working downtown for the past 6 months on a construction site, I noticed the lack of good places to eat that were within striking distance from the job site. Well, there's a Mexican Taco Shop across the street that's totally lackluster in its food and a convenience store with a very limited selection. Yeah, I brown bag it most of the time but sometimes I want to eat out for lunch, especially on paydays! Luckily, some of my work crew found BB's Deli around the corner. BB's is a very small deli with limited space and seating. Nothing upscale or fancy to be found inside here, just the bare bones basics but its the food that steals the show in this place. BB's is known for sandwiches and my, do they make a tasty one! Some of the sandwiches I have tried are the Cordon Bleu, the pastrami, and the spicy beef. The pastrami, beef, and chicken were tender, juicy, and well seasoned. The veggie toppings were fresh and flavorful and you can order your sandwich on your choice of bread. It also comes with a pickle on the side. For just a buck or two more, you can upgrade your order with a soda and your choice of chips. To beat the lunch crowd, you can order ahead of time on the phone and come in and pick up your order. Also they have a card....buy 6 sandwiches and receive the next one free! The people that run the deli are very nice also. The only real complaint I have, and it is a very minor one, is the spicy beef sandwich. Although tasty, the spicy sauce or mustard contained a very heavy dose of what tasted like horse radish sauce. It was a lil overpowering and I must admit that it did clear out my sinuses during that meal. BB's Deli serves up wonderful, refreshing, and tasty sandwiches that satisfy and is a welcome change from fast food burgers, In the famous words of Arnold Schwarzenegger..."I'll be back!"
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,11/27/2012,256,133,30,11,10>What I assume this coffee shop would say if it could talk:Hey man, bring your scruffy beard (especially if you are female), ironically large mustache (especially if you are female), ultra tight plaid shirt (especially if you are a hot female),  and perfectly-not-matching cap, and come on by.  I know you didn't drive to get here, man, because that would be like a TOTAL bummer for mother Earth and stuff.  My walls are fully white, man, and I don't have a lot of decorations.  Decorations are like for The Man, man.  It's all about having that proper aesthetic when you are trying to finish up that novel about how you backpacked across Nepal with only your Sherpa and a yak to keep you company.  I think your power-save-moded-Macbook will have an extra boost of karmic efficiency when encased in my Feng Shui Minimalism. Oh, by the way, man, extra discount if you are actually a real life Sherpa.  We have yak parking out back, too. I hope you only want coffee or tea when your life path brings you through my doors, man, because that's all I do.  Pour over coffee is my specialty; I'm totally bucking the trend by following a popular trend....ironically, of course.  But I do it for you.  Out of peace. And love. And harmony.   My motto for our in-house roasted coffee is "Buy Local. Drink Local." The complexity of this statement is deep within the imagery of its Hemingway-esque simplicity.  So what if my coffee is actually from other countries?  SO F'IN WHAT, man?  You can't control me!  You don't know what I mean by LOCAL, do you?  DO YOU?Regardless, I am a hipster's paradise...so come on in.  And don't forget about Free Mustache Wax Mondays...man.  It's local mustache wax, too...made in Russia.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/26/2012,231,204,7,13,9>One day, I told my friend I wanted cheap ramen, and he suggested we come here (separate ramen review here: yelp.com/biz/santouka-ra…). I was initially confused about its location but my friend explained that the joint was located inside Mitsuwa. However, the minute I stepped foot in this marketplace, I forgot about my ramen craving because all I knew was that the gods had answered my long forgotten dream of finding the ever elusive Green Tea Kit Kat, which were on full display right at the door.Yes, Green Tea (Maccha Milk) Kit Kat bars. I've seen countless pictures of these godly Kit Kat bars and I've finally found them! Even though they are on the pricier side ($6 for a bag of mini bars), they are worth every bit of my money. They are PHENOMENAL. They are creamy, have just the right amount of sweetness, and the perfect matcha tea bitterness to it. They make original Kit Kat bars taste like a fake ripoff of this version of Kit Kat bars. GET THEM! You won't regret it!...Especially if you love matcha just as much as I do!If you love sashimi and/or sushi, you'll love the wide array of sushi bento boxes they have at the refrigerated area near the entrance. My friend, who said he used to buy boxes upon boxes of these back in a NorCal Mitsuwa chain, convinced me to buy one as well. I bought a sashimi bento box with tuna, salmon, and ikura over a bed of rice. Surprisingly, the sashimi tasted very fresh! For $4, Mitsuwa was very generous with their sashimi portions. A drizzle of soy sauce made this box taste like something you'd find in a Japanese restaurant!Mitsuwa also has you covered if you like cream sodas. In their bottled drinks section, they have a huge variety of cream sodas. I bought the $2 Melon Creamy Soda, and it was amazing! Although the flavor was obviously artificial, it reminded me of melon candies I used to love as a child! Next time, I'm going for the Mango Creamy Soda.There was this one time we came here and saw these carts near the entrance selling fish cake skewers and a huge variety of freshly cooked croquettes at an extremely cheap price (all ~$1-2). The fish skewers were only average, but I loved the croquettes with their crispy breaded shells and creamy potato interiors!My friend also bought some gift boxes (thin Japanese cookie sandwiches with matcha cream filling) for his friend's relatives and they were super delicate and amazing (yes, we were shameless in staking our claim on something that was given away to someone else. But hey, gotta make sure they're edible, right?). Love love Mitsuwa. They have almost everything you never knew you needed!TL;DR: Green Tea (Maccha Milk) Kit Kats, amazing cream sodas, delicate gift boxes, yummy cheap bento boxes, and inventive twists on all sorts of snacks!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,11/25/2012,281,408,6,9,6>I haven't had a bad meal here. I'll be the first to admit that the depth of my Indian food knowledge is limited to a visit to Bombay (the restaurant not the city), Inida Palace and frozen meals at Trader Joes, so take that first sentence as you will. Samosas are yummy, Garlic Naan is yummy, and the several dishes I've had are all yummy. My favorites are the Mango Chicken and the Chicken Korma. Both are so good and creamy and fabulous. The other items are super good too. Service is always friendly and efficient, though it can be a bit confusing at times because three or four different gentlemen wait on you throughout the meal. They also offer takeout which seems quick and efficient (but I don't know from experience because we always sit down.)If you've got a hankering for something a little bit spicy, but are sick of the 5965654675 Mexican and/or Thai options in the area, give this place a whirl. I don't think you'll be sorry.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,1/31/2011,637,268,19,19,17>Now, I'm the type of slob that can eat every damn thing laid out in front of me (excluding eating utensils and napkins) 99.9% of the time. With that said, my posse and I rolled (and when we roll, we roll deep) into Brian's 24 (breakfast spot # 42) for a little breakfast. As it turned out, there was nothing "little" about this breakfast at all.One of the rebels in my crew decided to go with a burger, instead of breakfast, like everyone else. I axed him what his problem was with having breakfast. After all, everyone else was having breakfast - what, was he chicken? Lavar said that he's not much of a breakfast person because "that sh*t stays in yo teef and I don't have enough floss to get it all out afterwards. Plus, I'm getting a mani-pedi in a few hours and I don't want my breaf to stink." Ok, I thought, but then that knucklehead orders a burger! He ordered the Cheeseburger Basket (yelp.com/biz_photos/t4-9…) which confirmed that he's definitely a basket case. Who in the gosh darn heck let this guy into my posse??Anyway, I ordered a monstrosity known as the Ultimate Pancake Sandwich, which they ain't kiddin'. Here's the description, so close your eyes and hold on to your privates: 3 buttermilk hotcakes, 2 fried eggs, 4 strips of bacon, and 2 sausage patties. Here's the layout from top to bottom: 2 eggs, pancake, 2 hockey puck-sized pieces of sausage (that were a tad spicy), pancake, the bacon and then the last, and final, pancake. All of this is gonna set you back $12.99, by the way. Here's a picture of the damn thing:yelp.com/biz_photos/t4-9…It was very good but WAY too much food. I couldn't even finish the last pancake which made me feel like a failure which ruined my self-esteem even more. Thankfully, the members of my posse are always there to lift me up by telling me how smart and sexy (according to all of the women that they have to shoo away) I am. My advice is that you don't eat for 192 hours prior to attempting to devour the Ultimate Pancake Sandwich if you wish to succeed.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,1/30/2011,806,340,23,24,25>Prelude to the review- I need to set the mood.Being new to the dating game, I needed a spot to take a lady on a first date. I had considered numerous spots and even shared some of my ideas with a friend that dates copiously.  She informed me of how "first dates" work in the modern era or at least with her clique:They want to dress up,  be picked up at the door-none of this "texting that I am out front" crap, and be subjected to a nice meal with a friendly conversation.  I was under the impression dates were supposed to be fun. Whew...Good thing I have a friend that knows a lot about first dates.So after my friend shot down all my ideas, I choose Baci. AND on with the review:This place has always been my number one spot for Italian. I was introduced to it by a man that we will just say has "ties" with the Italians that run stuff that Italians sometimes run. I love the atmosphere.  It is upscale yet not pretentious. The owner always seems to greet me with a smile and a hand on the back.  It is romantic but still well lit.  The booths have ample space and you don't have to rub elbows with the couple/family next to you.The food is superb. The uni is smooth and clean. Mixed with spaghetti as a creamy sauce or served alive in the shell as an appetizer. The osso buco is simply the best in San Diego. The gnocchi feels like it was made in my grandmothers kitchen (grandmother = great cook).  Veal is a big plus here also. I have been a dozen times and have never heard a complaint about the food.One star removed from the five for the relax in the dress code. I saw a guy in shorts eating here last time. The don would not approve, luckily for the shorts guy, that crowd was not in. On a side note: The don would of fully approved of my date, for she looked ravishing.You know the place is excellent when the catholic diocese is a frequent eater. Every time I have been here the church is present in the back room, enjoying their meal provided by their lord savior: BACI.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,1/29/2011,722,1124,13,15,13>I totally underestimated the size of the tacos when I ordered. I figured four tacos should be sufficient. I mean, yah I saw a few of the pics but they looked like regular, but pricey street tacos; but in reality they are pretty much at least twice as big at only about 1.5 times the cost of a regular street taco. But either way, I was able to scarf it all down in just one sitting.I purposefully came in at about 4 in the afternoon, because everyone knows the lines are ridonkulous during lunch and dinner hours and at 4pm'ish, there were no lines and plenty of seating available.Carne asada taco - the meat was a little bland, and dry. Added some salt and salsa to make it just a little better. Also, they only put a single tortilla there. Became flimsy and broke off. My other tacos had two tortillas.Steak Queso taco - meat was a little bit juicier on this one. I like how they fry the cheese. It makes a good cohesive effect on the tortilla to prevent breakage.Surf and turf taco - definitely my favorite and probably the reason why I'll come back is for this taco. The special sauce combined with the shrimp and meat made this taco the best in my books.Chicken flaco taco - seasoned grilled chicken served on lettuce instead of the tortillas. Definitely a weight conscientious food. Nice and spicy.I love the decor here. Everything on the walls had some sort of Lucha Libre paraphenilia. Bathroom was semi-dirty, but the dining area was pretty decent. I like the Ron Burgundy trash can as you enter the restaurant. Nice outdoor seating available and they have a few tv's for sports and entertainment. Again, plan ahead if you want to come here and know when to expect the long lines. But either way, it's still worth coming down here and geting some awesome tacos.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,1/28/2011,4165,809,59,41,37>Going to Phil's BBQ for the first time was like losing my viriginity 14 years ago...I knew it was going to be great, but I didn't know how insanely and wickedly awesome the experience would be.Like that "special solo activity" every young male does regularly before losing the Big "V" and becoming a man for the first time, eating non-Phil's ribs is 2nd class once one has had the truly orgasmic experience of eating Phil's Baby Back Ribs.  THE FOREPLAY: No 30-60min of kissing, feeling and caressing; but there is a 30-60min wait as you and fellow patient customers discuss BBQ and look through the windows jealously watching people slobber on delicious BBQ...THE BLITZ: You finally get to the cashier and place your order, and wait impatiently for your food to arrive, your heart races, you sweat...faster...faster!...FASTER!THE CLIMAX: That 4-5 second moment of ectasy when your brain explodes with euphoria from the first bite into Phil's Baby Back Ribs...AAAAAaaaahhhhhh....MMMMmmmm....THE CUDDLE: After your first ravenous bites, you slow down, get into a steady tempo, relax, and calmly savor your yummy food.  When you are done, you settle into your fatty food coma...ZZZZzzzz...I'll never order ribs anywhere else...
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,1/27/2011,314,412,20,17,17>Decided to take an afternoon day trip to Coastal NoCo, just for shits, giggles AND kickball, and of course lunch.Paid a little visit to Mr. NoCo himself ;) at Subway who was on his way back to work, recommended Pizza or Hawaiian which was close by.We opted for Hawaiian, walked down the hill and walked into Kealani's. Aloha.What do I want?I got the Daily Special plate - Tutu's? Plate which came with portugese sausage, spam, 2 eggs (OVER EASY), 2 scoops of rice, and mac salad. It was delicious, better than L&L? oh yes and all for $5.95.Banessa ordered the Chicken Katsu plate, their chicken katsu was yummy, I had a few pieces.What was even more yummier was the eye candy. HA! So this is where all the cute guys in San Diego County are, north of the 56, with a few exceptions. :P"Want to refill my drink so you can check them out?"Banessa: OK./Banessa walking back, mouthing OMG they are! hahaBoy crazy, yes. All in all, Kealani's was delicious and it's kind of cool that they have a little gift shop.Cheaper than L&L, yes.Better than L&L, yes except for the Mac Salad. What's even cooler is the cross-walk...it tells you to "WAIT" when you push the button.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,1/26/2011,491,508,17,19,17>Sweet redemption!It's been quite a while since we've visited, but with a Restaurant.com coupon in hand, off we went, and we left quite pleased.Well, first off, they were open.  My last attempt at a quick lunch ended with disappointment in the fact that they close after lunch and re-open at 5:30.  The manager, Tony, is just about the coolest guy out there, and his son was our waiter and he was just as nice.  There were plenty of tables and the food came out quick.  Great service here, that is for sure. The food was excellent.  We tried a new roll on the menu called the Johnny roll and it was the best of the 3 we had today.  It had a spicy garlic sauce on top, that was more a tangy vinaigrette, and it was delicious.  Our other rolls were substantial, but lacked that spicy kick we were hoping for.  Good nonetheless.  The agedashi tofu was fried perfectly, but the sauce it was served with was a tad bit bland.  While I'm not a sushi purist nor expert, I do like a menu that offers tons of selections and variety.  This place definitely delivers in that respect.  We'll be back for sure.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,1/25/2011,587,1463,47,38,40>Same place with a new name however! Hotter women, from the servers to the bartenders to the dancers. As for the dancers there were only three ugly ones. Just kidding. I just had to throw that in there. Funny slogan from another business. Maybe the girls are new or maybe they been there all along. I dont come here enough to recognize all of their faces so I could be wrong about the new talent.Speaking of which, it was surprising to see some serious talent working on a night that serves $2 steaks and $2 drinks all night. The last time that I was this surprised was when I was low on food at my apartment and I decided to " borrow " 2 eggs from my roommates refrigerator section and make a scrambled egg sandwich. Little did I know that they were balut eggs. BALUT EGGS. You can imagine the look on my face when I cracked those eggs onto my buttered saute pan and two little chicken fetuses plopped out. Yes, I crack my eggs two at a time. Practice baby practice. Lost my appetite right then and there though. I wasnt about to eat a chicken fetus sandwich that day or any other day for that matter.Same rules applies still at this club. No cover before 6 pm and happy hour drinks does not start until 6 pm. $20 cover after 6 pm. They want ballers in this place not scrubs but when its $2 steak night, the scrubs, myself included, will show up. But. I tip and I tip well. I even tip the bathroom attendant dude every time that I went to the john. Call me whatever you want but dont ever call me cheap.Parking lot is extremely small now but they offer complimentary valet service. I dont know what happened here but the other part of the lot is now fenced off. Its awful. There used to be so many spaces available. I had to park down the way near the IHOP. I think it was an IHOP. Who cares. I parked across the damn street.I invited a friend and she in turn invited a bunch of her Japanese friends. It was like Little Tokyo invaded the strip club. If the theme would have been naughty school girls this place would have made a killing ! They should have set up a temporary dispenser for used school girl panties like the ones they have in Japan. Why that is popular over there is beyond me. Pervs man. Wakarimasen.As always, I had a great time. $2 Jameson shots ? Yes. $2 Glenlivet 12 yr shots ? Bring it on. $2 steaks ? You simply cannot complain about that. You cant even buy a steak for that price at Vons. Just eat it if youre hungry and dont have high expectations.This isnt Lou & Mickeys. Theres no dry aged meat in a temperature controlled environment or soft jazz music playing in the background providing a proper dining ambiance. The only environment that you should expect are half naked ladies jaunting around, loud thumping music, military dudes and lonely middle aged guys.Just so you know, and Im sure most of the guys on Yelp know this, when you sit inside and there are girls dancing, be prepared to tip them. It doesnt matter if you have your back turned to them or you watched them and then pretended not to see them when they come around. TIP them. If you want to go to a bar and drink then go to a bar and drink. This is a strip club that has a bar with half naked women gallivanting around the place. Be prepared like a boy scout and spend some money .Can anybody answer this question for me? Why does the DJ at every strip club sound the same to me ? From Cali to Vegas and even Bangkok they all seem to have the same cadence in their voice when theyre making announcements on the PA. Or am I tripping ? Is there such a thing as a strip club DJ voice because I would love to know that answer.Anyway, Steph S and I drank like a couple of  fishes and we had a killer time. Mindy R. rocks by the way. 'nuff said.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,1/24/2011,722,527,21,25,24>hola, la puerta. estas muy delicioso...the GRUB / DRANKY DRANKS:- Surf and Turf burrito @ lunch was really good... add hot sauce, and you'll be loving life. seriously, its hard to argue carne asada skirt steak and grilled shrimps wrapped with beans and sauce in a burrito.- TJ Dogs - bacon wrapped hot dogs (on buns) topped with jalepenos, salsa fresca, and onions... smoking hot... im talking muy caliente!!!!- Tequila top shelf please. negro modela. tecate. dos equis. oh, and the shit kicker... Frozen Mojitos - STFU GTFO.... lets all get lit.the JOINT:- legit. full bar. but booths and tables insdie and outside to keep you comfy... in this rustic piratey style cantina- decent sound system for broadcasting the sounds for the LCDs during sports games (ie Copa aka World Cup, or SD sports - go chargers/padres)... or on a hot night, the deejay spins and its like a party in your culo, and everybodys cumming. what.- middle of the action on 4th - downtownthe SQUEEZE:- decent prices for Happy Hour- food is a moderately priced for lunch in downtown- bring quarters for the meters, or park at horton plaza- cash, card, and smiles accepted as payment... but definitely change your pesos first...FINAL SAY:see ya at la puerta ghuey....
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,1/23/2011,1142,2218,16,21,18>Solid 4...This restaurant has been on my list for a couple years now and came here to celebrate Chris' bday. On a weeknight, valet was crazy ($7) and unorganized. It was a traffic jam - annoying... It was super busy this evening and I overheard the hostess mention that there was an hour wait for a table. Anyways, walked into a cool, hip and sultry restaurant. The bar area was mellow and there was a dude playing the piano. We were led to a nice oversized corner booth.Matt was our server and he was great. He was very cordial, personable, and informative in making recommendations when I asked questions about the menu items. We were given complimentary bread and a bottle of water (I love when they leave water for your own convenience - I tend to drink LOTS.) -Pinot Noir wine flight ($18.25): 4 different 2oz wine samples. I wasn't a fan of 2 of the wines, but the other 2 were OK.-Clam Chowder: I failed to ask if there was bacon in the chowda. The chowda had bacon in it. I like bacon straight from the fryer, and not infused in my food items. Good thing you can barely taste the bacon. It was actually tasty - not the best - but good. -Corvina: I had this simply prepared - pan seared, salt/pepper and lots of lemon. A very light and moist white fish. It was small in portion but filling (for me, that is). There is only so much fish I can take in one sitting. -NY Strip ($42): I prefer filets or ribeyes. I'm not a fan of NY strips and felt the steak was a bit tough for my palate. Chris noted that he would have preferred the steak to be a bit more charred on the outside. -Chocolate Malt with side of vanilla ice cream and assorted berries: Super rich. Ended up taking it home. -Birthday cupcakes!!! AWWW, a surprise... The cupcakes were plain and nothing special, but it was nice that they decorated the plate and placed candles on the cupcakes! They even have a birthday card signed by the entire staff that they give with the cupcakes!Total with tip was $124. Great ambiance and would like to try their happy hour next time.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,1/22/2011,569,319,15,23,16>Can we say RANDOM?? Right on the corner of Telegraph Canyon and the 805 freeway, there's a parked roach coach next to an abandoned building ready to serve you some fresh bbq. TIP: Look for a black grill emitting gusts of bbq smoke! You shouldn't be able to miss it. When you're on Telegraph getting ready to turn right onto 805 north, look to your immediate right! HIGHLY RECOMMEND: the pulled pork! It was pretty juicy and tasty. I also liked their bbq sauce. But, I was disappointed in their biscuit and beans. Both lacked flavor. Pulled pork bbq plate was $9.00. Service was excellent... you should be able to catch Jack inside the coach. Real nice folks and plenty of parking!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/26/2012,330,292,5,10,7>Oh Piatti, where have you been all my college life? Can't believe I've been 3 miles away or less for the past 6 years and never ventured out here. Granted, I'm not a seasoned foodie in Italian cuisine, but I'm always open to try it.To start off with, Fresh Italian bread to dip in olive oil and vinegar with herbs?! Don't mind if I do! I always ask for refills, and they always give you plenty every time.Today I had the bianca con pesto- delicious flatbread-like pizza generously coated with pesto, goat cheese, and slices of tomato. After having NY style pizza without marinara sauce for the first time a few years ago, I've been jaded by how light and flavorful bare ingredients are on thin pizza crust. The goat cheese was incredibly creamy and lightly sweetened - perfecto! I love pesto, and it really tied everything together, albeit a bit oily (obviously). Two slices and I had to take the rest to go, as the personal-sized pizza was enough for two!My boyfriend had the pollo arrosto - oven-roasted lemon herb chicken. I had a piece of chicken breast and damn, it was succulent and fantastically seasoned. He prefers dark meat, but even he couldn't keep his mouth off the breast. Especially Piatti's chicken breast. A giant helping of rich and buttery mashed potatoes doesn't help either, as I started picking at his plate too. The spinach was quite refreshing as well.Our last visit has us sharing the Pappardelle, pasta ribbons dressed in white wine and butter. Large prices of shrimp were abundant, especially with hints of lemon. I LOVE lemon (or lime) on any and all seafood.Overall, both times the service was quite appropriate and pleasant. The wait staff are attentive and are NOT pretentious at all. They're genuinely happy to assist and serve their patrons. Our waiter was worried I didn't like my pizza and offered to get me a different one. I embarrassingly told him that I stuffed my face with their scrumptious bread, so I had to take the rest to go. Oh, did I mention the fancy water jugs and cups? I like how something so simple can look luxurious. My bf and I appreciate minimalism.Piatti is not necessarily casual or too formal, so it's great if you're worried about having to dress up. I like that you can see the chefs because the kitchen is open to the dining area. Even on a Wednesday evening, it was busy, yet everything arrived in a timely manner where quality and service were not sacrificed. The prices aren't bad either. It's something I could add to my weekly rotation, but I'd rather savor the experience by waiting for a special night.In Arnold's voice: "I'LL BE BACK."
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,12/25/2012,1194,640,3,5,5>Love this adorable little wine bar in my new fav SD hood. Not only is it super cute, the owner is super friendly and welcoming.  The outdoor patio and outdoor bar area are it's winning points in my book. They have decent prices for glasses of wine (and cheap prices for their HH selections), and their wine flights are very hefty. Meaning, each glass is much more than a taste. We decided to do the Blind Taste, and we got to decide which were which. I realized that I am not as much of a connoisseur as I thought. My bf on the other hand, actually got one right so he was feeling pretty good about himself. The owner told me that there is live music on the patio, which sounds pretty perfect on a warm night. I like it!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/24/2012,792,572,4,8,8>I remember reading some poorly angled reviews posted about Farm House Cafe on the Yelp threads a while back.  Although it took me a while to finally try out FHC, I didn't let the negativity coming from other Yelpers deter my decision from trying it out myself.  To each their own, right?Note to Yelpers, if you plan on slandering a business in your review, you really need to get your facts straight.  Small businesses are the owners' livelihood, so for you to compromise the integrity of their products and services with false accusations, at least make the attempt to contact the owner/manager before you put them on a negative blast on Yelp or any other site that posts reviews related to their business.  Now that I got my public service announcement off my chest, I do want to reflect on the nice brunch I had at FHC yesterday morning.  We had to run errands in the Mission Valley area, but needed to eat before we got started on our busy day.   It's usually my task to decide where to eat since I do it for "research purposes" for this fun weekly writing gig I have with the local paper.That's when Farm House Cafe fell within my radar of places to brunch.  If restaurants provide the option to make reservations, I try to go this route, it beats waiting around for a table.  However, when I attempted to call FHC as we were making the sixteen mile trek there, no one picked up their phone.  You're greeted with a recording letting you know if you want to make dinner reservations, leave a message.   Unfortunately, that didn't work with our needs.We took a gamble and decide to drive there anyway.  My bf dropped me off at the front so I can at least get our name on the wait list while he parked our car nearby.  We showed up a little before 10:00 and we got seated out in the front patio dining area around 10:20.  It was an oddly warm 90-degree day in San Diego, so I'm glad we had the option to dine outside.Their menu is somewhat limited with entree options, but each dish packs a punch.  I'd rather have a quality, flavorful meal than a mediocre meal from a ten page menu.  I had some of their pomegranate mimosa and the bf had a pint of whatever craft beer they had on draft.I decided on the Three Little Piggies omelet, it came with pork belly, pork jowl and BACON! The boyfriend had the onion and leeks served with a poached egg, diced up mushrooms all on top of a tasty stuffed pastry (we also ordered a side of bacon and fingerling potatoes). Both dishes were fantastic, so much that we both cleaned our plates (you would have thought we licked our plates, lol).  I have to admit, the sound of onions and leeks didn't sound too appetizing to me on the menu, but it actually tasted really, really good.  The fingerling potatoes were an additional side dish, but for three bucks, I personally thought it was on the smaller portion side (the carb lover in me could have handled more).Service was consistent throughout our dining time there, I was actually surprised the chef himself brought out our dishes (that was cool).  Before we left, I went to use the restroom, but had to maze through the tight seating indoor dining area.  Makes me glad we ate outside.I'd go back to Farm House Cafe, we were both very happy with fueling up for our busy day by loading up on brunch here.  We'd go back, but will definitely make reservations beforehand so we can try out their dinner menu.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,12/23/2012,280,432,6,9,7>I have found MECCA!I have been here four times so far and I guess it's time to finish this review!  I always go to the movies down south because I hate running into students.  So on this particular outing, we figured it would be a good time to find some new places to eat.  Of course I typed in Thai food on Yelp and this is one of the places that came up.  It's in a residential/commercial area but there's usually plenty of parking.  It is also near a school, so in the late afternoons you'll see quite a number of teens.  The dining room is warm and inviting and we were greeted with a friendly hello.Of course we ordered the usual dishes to test the waters: panang curry, pad thai, and surprisingly they have garlic and black pepper; all with chicken.  The panang was that creamy delisciousness that I expect.  The pad thai was very good and the garlic and black pepper was tasty.  We felt it could've used some fresh ground pepper on top.  We were very pleased with each dish and the flavors.  I miss Pinto Thai up on Adams, but Bamboo has become my new favorite.  I don't mind the drive down...gets me out of the comfort zone.  And then the waitress looks at us and says, "I know you."  And I'm like, "You look familiar."  "Did you use to go to Thai Grill?"And then it dawned on us that she was one of the waitresses that worked there.  She and her husband have opened Bamboo this year and from the looks of the crowd, has become a popular spot.  I even ran into Chuck F and his family here one evening.  I also like the generous portions.  I remember going into Amarin one time, and our joke for the evening was "Where's the chicken?"  Everything is reasonably priced for the portions you get.  We tried the fresh spring rolls on one of the visits and they were delicious!Great food and friendly great service!  And I've been back twice since I started this review....bad Yelper...bad, bad, bad Yelper (slapping hand)
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,12/21/2012,59,729,13,13,12>34 years on this planet and I have never had Pho.  That all changed today.  My brother in laws girlfriend  took us here today and it turned out to be pretty damn tasty.  I ordered a #10 which was well done flank steak and everyone else ordered a #11 which is just pho with no meat.  Service was quick and friendly.  Dumped a bunch of hoisin sauce and red chili sauce along with some lime and mint into my bowl.  It was damn tasty...spicy as hell too.  My brother in law and I both broke out with the sweats.  The broth was fantastic and the noodles were great.  Next time I think I might get it with no meat though.  It didn't add too much flavor to the experience and was a tad bit skimp anyways.Total for 4 medium sized bowls of pho and 2 sodas came out to only 30.00.  That is dirt cheap for the amount of food you get!  I would love to come back during the winter months.  A bowl of this on a cold day sure would hit the spot.People say this is the best pho in SD.  I wouldn't know because I have not had it anywhere else.  This place was great though and served up some good mother(pho)cking pho.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/20/2012,395,201,14,16,9>MEAT MEAT MEAT!!!!! One of the Yelps top 10 restaurants , 1.8 miles from my house !!!! Is this the real world am I dreaming?!? Like to start by thanking Road house grill for being terrible and going out of bushiness, well done.!Decided to call it in, which avoids the hour wait in line. Called in got a message that said, the call was unable to be processed? Rechecked the number it was correct. Called again, same thing  , 2 more times got through and once I got a person she said the to go line was 35  min wait ,SOB! So waited an hour called back first ring pick up ordered, said 15 - 20 mins.  Walked by the herd of people in the  line and pardon me excuse me to the to go line , which was one person long. Talked to the guy across from me in the real line and he said it had taken 50 minutes almost reach the front of the line.  Was called up to the counter paid , given a handheld buzzer than 30 seconds later it went off  got my food and  left 10 minutes and out !!Got their flagship sandwich the El toro $6.95.(  yelp.com/biz_photos/oMuO…  )Thin sliced  tri-tip covered in sauce  on a bun. It barley fits in the container had to eat part of the meat so I could pick it up! Meal in itself , normally I get some onion rings to but glad I didn't. For all the naysayers that I have read saying Phill's isn't real BBQ .They don't cook it like other guys? I don't care how they cook it , it is excellent delicious, and the sauce is sweet tangy . Hopefully when this place slows down, HA. I can get in and get to the hidden back bar and enjoy a beer and some BBQ. Were is the Santee BBQueue cam? I'm sure it's in the works?
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,12/19/2012,597,654,14,13,16>Thai Restaurant classiness with Middle Class price ranges and Vietnamese efficiency-speed of food delivery. Roomy, airy, modern with an open air patio near a pond. Everything is tasty, fresh and satisfying. Our server took our orders by memory, he didn't write anything down. That's skill. I recommend the Vermicelli with grilled chicken and shrimp. When all the ingredients are combined it becomes Vietnamese Pansit. :)The crispy salt, pepper, garlic chicken wings are dope also.I recommend a double order on the wings, they'll vanish quickly. Like Gangnam Style.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,12/18/2012,3805,2172,15,22,14>I'm so happy because I found another great place for Sunday brunch! In fact, it was Bridges first weekend having brunch, and a successful one it was!I came about 9:45 am, and when I sat down, I was informed that the kitchen did not open until 10:00 am. It was not a big deal since they had an array of flat panel T.V.'s surrounding the place, (yelp.com/biz_photos/brid…) and I had ordered a good cup of coffee to sip on. (yelp.com/biz_photos/brid…) After I carefully read through their nice selection of brunch items, I decided on the Roasted Turkey Omelet with a Serrano Chili Pesto and sliced avocados with a side of breakfast rosemary potatoes, and a couple of slices of delightful buttered ciabatta crostinis. (yelp.com/biz_photos/brid…) The omelet cost $10.The omelet was excellent. I never have had an omelet with stuffed flavorful tender succulent roasted turkey, so It was definitely a treat for me. (yelp.com/biz_photos/brid…) The tear drop tomatoes in the omelet were fresh and juicy. Their slight acidic consistency balanced well against the slightly sweet moist turkey. The egg of the omelet was well seasoned and fluffy. Someone here knows how to make an omelet! I was happy that they topped the omelet with properly ripened creamy avocados. (yelp.com/biz_photos/brid…) The last few places, I have visited, gave me unripened avocados. The Serrano pesto sauce was very good. I figured it was going to be a blisting burner, but instead is was slightly spiced, but packed with flavor, that went very well with the omelet. (yelp.com/biz_photos/brid…) The ciabatta toast or crostinis were excellent The bread was toasted to the point that it was crunchy, yet the interior remained chewy, not to mention saturated with butter, but in a good way! (yelp.com/biz_photos/brid…) The breakfast potatoes were good, but they needed to be a little more evenly prepared because some were crispy and some were soft; however, they all had a slight hint of a pleasant rosemary scent and flavor. (yelp.com/biz_photos/brid…) The service was very good. My server was polite and curteous. She kept my coffee filled, asked if I had any questions, and checked in on my from time to time to make sure I was good, and good I was!Another blissful brunch for me....yippee!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,12/17/2012,1428,724,14,15,17>"Oh my God. This is ridiculous."That's my reaction when my food comes. The plates are food-coma portioned, so plan for recovery time afterward.The food is inexpensive - most plates are under $10. I've had the BSTA (bacon, spinach, tomato, avocado) scramble, banana buckwheat pancakes, and a taste of the acai bowl. You pretty much can't go wrong with anything you order here.On my last visit, the guy behind the counter laughed when I asked if I could pay for bottomless mimosas. He said, "No it's just one." Pfffffft. Just ONE. They also have lots of fresh juices with add ins like bee pollen, spirulina, ginger, ginseng.The ordering system is sort of tricky. You stand in a line to order but you're not allowed to save a seat until are after you order. So by the time your food comes, sometimes the servers have nowhere to deliver it until space opens up.Swami's is definitely making La Mesa HAPPEN.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/16/2012,189,196,4,4,4>Sushi for the 3rd time in 9 days? Yup, don't mind if I do.  Came here tonight for the first time.  It's inside the liberty station near tender greens.  It wasn't too busy so we got seated right when we arrived.  The staff is very nice and service was great.  The fish was so fresh, I was very impressed.  The food also came out really quick.  This was good since I was starving.  I've never had sushi come out so fast! Usually there would be at least a 15ish minute wait? Initially I was gonna go to sushi diner, but it was their anniversary & there had been a huge crowd outside.  In order from favorite to least favorite: Pink Fresh Roll (the salmon was melt in my mouth!), california beach, spicy yellow tail, five friends, the eel roll (there wasn't enough eel & too much imitation crab).We had to take the rest home because we had hungry eyes & got too much food.  The atmosphere in this restaurant really made my dinner experience here amazing.  Even the customers are friendly to each other! The guy next to us suggested more food places to try (: yayyy! Will def come back for more sushi.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,12/29/2011,305,44,13,19,13>3 stars really- but I'm going for 4 to be kind, as many other reviewers aren't. TIP OF THE DAY GO DURING HAPPY HOUR        Like any other strip club the girls do there dance whether your up by the stage or in the back, when there dance is over they come up to you when they get off the stage even when you're sitting in the back row and ask "did you like my show" which means give me a dollar which is normal.          Were I am from in NJ they just they take off their top so to my surprise these girls. I went on a Friday night during their happy hour ($10 cover and $10 per lap dance, which lasted 2-3 songs). The place seemed small but was kept clean. I arrived early so there were barely anyone else in the joint.  Call you believe it happy hour special dances half off BANG BANG!!!        Some girls were better on the pole the others, first song they have a bikini on then they get completely nude, we were quickly approached by a girl who was making friendly chat with us.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,12/28/2011,302,349,8,10,7>The best Vietnamese restaurant in the area. Wish it was less noisy.I'm absolutely in LOVE with their BBQ tofu spring rolls (vegetarian menu). I told my husband I could eat like ten of them in one sitting. I'm not joking!!! With the spring rolls we usually get the Vegetarian Vermicelli with egg rolls & marinated-grilled tofu. You can also order "Large" if you like big portions. It's goood....Otherwise I really hope they expand the vegetarian menu! Maybe a vegetarian pho!!!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,12/27/2011,792,572,16,14,16>This place is fancy shmancy alright!  I went here for the first time for a legal briefing provided by a bunch of attorneys that are locally based and subject matter experts on employment law that I needed to be schooled on.I didn't know what to expect upon my arrival, but I do remember reading all the five star reviews of this spot and how über exclusive it is.  Valet parking was complimentary on this particular morning for guests of this event I attended, but the line to wait for a valet was redonkulous, so I opted to park my own dang car in the self-parking garage within this 34-story downtown slab of concrete and steel.I must say, I'm not a fan of this spiral and very tight parking tube I had to drive through like a granny because the space was so tight and seven stories long just to get to the main floor of the parking garage.There were concrete pillars everywhere and spaces were tight for my mid-size car.  Bless those that have an SUV, you'd definitely have an FML moment in this garage.  The good thing is that wherever you parked, you have quick access to an elevator.  Parking was validated upon my check-in at this event, otherwise I would have paid $18 freakin' dollars for the ~2 hours I was here for.  Decor looked new, definitely nice on the eyes and compliments today's taste of what I'm watching on almost every show on HGTV.The buffet line for the food was minimal since they had two stations set up on opposite sides of the room.  Fresh fruit, carbs of rolls, croissants and scrambled eggs was available to eat with your sausage patties or strips of bacon with a wine glass filled with OJ waiting for you at your table.  My breakfast was good, but the bacon was a little too much on the salty side. I felt my fingers turning into sausage links from the bloatiness that was occurring before my eyes after a couple of bites.  Nice.Overall, this place is certainly pretty.  If you have privileges of having access to this joint, consider yourself a lucky bastard.  I'd love to go back here to take in the view when it's not so gloomy outside like it was when I was here yesterday morning.Five stars for the overall greatness of this joint.  One star for the spiral parking garage I had to drive like a granny through.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,12/26/2011,597,525,10,17,13>I really don't know why it is that I don't go to Donovan's more often. It's not because of the prices because I think they are, for the most part, commensurate with other steakhouses in the county. I suspect it's likely that I don't go as much as I would like because I am just too lazy to drive down to La Jolla when I am dreaming about a good steak. I was at this location recently to kill a couple of hours before taking a road trip up to Los Angeles. My BFF and I walked in around 4:30p and grabbed a table in the bar area. As is always the case with Donovan's, the service is nothing short of phenomenal. The waitresses that work the bar area all work as a team to ensure that the cutomers leave content. You're going to be hard- pressed to find better service than what they provide. ** NOW, read the next few sentences carefully because I am going to let you in on one of the most best kept secrets in San Diego. I shouldn't do this because the bar gets busy enough, but I'm going to tell you anyways because that's the kind of guy I am -- I rarely can keep a secret :-/. Paying attention? Get ready for it.....  From 4p-6p, Donovan's serves complimentary Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches during HH. Yes, they are FREE. These aren't your ordinary cheese steaks, either; rather, they are sandwiches made from PRIME beef. Prime! So, while you are sipping on cocktails, waitresses every 30 minutes or so saunter out with trays filled with those delicous constructions of beauty. HH really doesn't get any better than that, folks.  Donovan's is a high-end restaurant. You're paying for great food and, just as important, you are also paying for spectacular service. I would highly recommend this restaurant if you are looking for a more sophisticated and relaxed HH, or if you are simply craving a dinner that will knock your socks off.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,12/25/2011,645,258,12,15,13>I lost a bet regarding staying off facebook for an entire week so now I had to pay my dues by buying lunch  *DAMN FACEBOOK*So why did I think Daddy-O's was a biker bar? This was more on the lines of a miniature Corvette Diner. However, they did serve wine and beer. My friend ordered one of their specialty hamburgers and I swear I could have grazed on that for 2 meals. HUGE! JUICY! HAMBURGER! However, nothing topped The Daddy O Challenge. Here was this burger that weighs about 2 lbs and a huge basket of fries and a large milkshake. You have 45-minutes to eat it in, if you win you get to be in the Wall of Fame, If you lose you get to wear a tiara and run around the restaurant while getting your photo in the Wall of shame. Seeing as I didn't feel any bulimia coming my way I decided to pass on this monstrosity. I opted for a Chicken Caesar Salad and I have to say to those rabbit eating borderline bulimics out there, it was really good. Daddy O's is great for kids and adults. OOOh, and since they were all out of the cutest Tanks and T's that read "Daddy O's, this will give me a reason to return.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,12/24/2011,256,133,19,10,12>You know how there are certain things that when you're friends don't like them...you have to start reconsidering if they are your friends or not. Like if your best friend of twenty years says "You know, I just don't think Dumb and Dumber is that funny." That is a deal breaker. Because NOTHING is funnier than "We've got not food...we've got no jobs...OUR PETS HEADS ARE FALLING OFF!" (youtube.com/watch?v=ULUi…). Similarly, if I meet anyone, ANYONE (including you, Mom) that has ANYTHING negative to say about Imperial House, I just might have to punch said person right in the mouth. If I even hear a whisper of "Well, I just thought Imperial House was ok..." Give me back your American card...because you, sir...you are a Communist! The thing about Imperial House is that it is an experience...not just food. Upon entering, you are whooshed back into something like a circa 1970's Las Vegas mob scene, The lights are dim, and everything is push-button, red leather, even the five-foot-tall chairs at the tables! The thing I liked the most was that they didn't give us our menus right away. They sat us, gave us some bread, took our drink orders, and then, after we got comfortable, brought over a menu for us to look at. Imperial House isn't about turning tables, it's about slowly enjoying your meal! That's why waiters in tuxedos make your baked potato or flaming dessert to order AT your table. What's more patriotic than a fire hazard?So, if you have at least an hour, and you want a true, old-school, American dining experience, check it out. If you don't like it...I have some Seal Team 6 members I would LOVE to introduce you to.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/25/2010,12/23/2011,620,1444,21,22,20>My composition:2.44% Italian (my homemade gnocchi is mediocre and won't get me on Food Network)3% Mexican (over 60 border crossings and flight landings in Mexico)2.1% Russian (consumes more vodka than most Russians)0.6% Filipino (penchant for seafood pancit canton and turon; mmm dang na bangus) and now 0.24% Vietnamese.My journal:PRODUCESimilar to most Asian markets, a majority of produce items at this market is fresh. The best produce deal I found so far was $2 for a giant pineapple; not the best prices.SERVICEWhat service? Once, I wanted 10 pieces of live Ridgeback Shrimp and the employee started scooping 10 lbs. (language barrier) and the guy got his apron in a knot for clarifying. Go figure. Slow check-out lines. If you ask for help, good luck getting it.SEAFOOD COUNTERRivals 99 Ranch. You aren't going to find English John Dory or Spanish Bluefin but that's okay, it's not that kind of store. $2.99/lb. Dunguness crab? Check (when on sale). ITEMSHodge podge of Asian and non-Asian goods. So many different types of fish cake but cannot seem to find Kamaboko =(   NOTEThe "fresh" Chinese donuts and sesame seed balls in the bin are gross (I think they come from Yum Cha Cafe but not sure). Get them at another place.WHY COME HERE?To score good deals and try new things. You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,12/22/2011,1165,834,32,34,31>With the "retro comfort food/gastropub" fad gradually disappearing into the sunset, it seems that the next big thing to pop up on the San Diego dining scene may be the "modern and stylish Asian fusion bar/lounge".  With Underbelly taking off in Little Italy, the Foundry serving up the unique combo of pho and beer -- and now Wang's getting busy in North Park -- what we have here is more than a mere coincidence.Which is fine by me.  Chinese food and booze?  Sign me up.Wang's North Park is the new outpost of the original Wang's in the Desert in Palm Springs.  While the original Wang's aimed for kitsch, Wang's North Park classes things up a little, with dimly lit interiors, fancy murals, tree-shaped sculptures, and a vibe that makes you want to get all sexy with your food.  However, what both the old and new Wang's have in common is that they're really freakin' big.  Yep, North Park is now home to the biggest Wang in town.Now that I have the obligatory innuendo out of the way, let's talk about the food...It's mouthwateringly wonderful.  Is it original?  Not at all.  The menu is your standard P.F. Chang's-inspired Chinese-American food, with lots of fried meat and veggies in various sweet and spicy sauces that don't resemble anything you'd find in an authentic Chinese restaurant.  That said, the quality of the food is outstanding.  I could eat this stuff all day.  (I admit, I have a soft spot for this kind of Chinese food.)Pretty much everything I tasted during my initial visit was exceptionally executed, and infinitely better than anything P.F. Chang's might whip up.** Lamb/rosemary dumplings.  Perfect.  Little bundles of flavor and an ideal texture.  I could eat a hundred of these without flinching.** Korean spare ribs.  Oh so messy, but oh so delicious.  Incredibly tender, and served with a bed of pickled cabbage slaw that made for a nice mix of textures and flavors.My wine was lovely as well.  Sauvignon blanc with Chinese food?  Sure, why not.The real highlight of the night was my server/bartender, Eric.  He's an absolute doll, and was kind enough to make food suggestions for me so that I didn't even need a menu.I could get used to dining at this place.  Wang's North Park succeeds in the rarest of feats -- the sequel out-doing the original.  It's undoubtedly the finest and best-tasting Wang in San Diego.  (Damn innuendo again...)
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,12/21/2011,735,735,19,20,20>Our hero ate a small salad for lunch and starved himself just so he could pig out at Manna for dinner.  Boy was it worth it.  Manna is definitely a man's meal, made for fierce carnivores with bottomless appetites for Angus beef and short ribs.$19.95 for all you can eat KBBQ at a large new place with a good menu is a fair deal.  Is it worth springing an extra $5 for the seafood options?  Meh.  The plates of meat they give you here are large and you can order up to three different choices at a time.  They have about 7 or 8 different types of banchan as well, with an interesting broccoli one our hero hasn't seen anywhere else.They do use gas stoves here, so if you prefer the taste of coal over the smell of gas, you're SOL herePROS:- Pretty fast service.- Wide variety of meat available.- A large private room in the back that you could have all to yourself if you have a party of 30 or so.CONS:- This place is crowded.  Get here early if you don't want to wait.- They'll charge you extra if you can't finish eating what you ordered.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,12/20/2011,804,248,15,16,16>Being the food dork that I am, I got super excited on the way here. I'm talking "Hercules!! Hercules!!" I'm clapping and bouncing up and down, type of excited. youtube.com/watch?v=6CCO…Siesel's is the sister store to Iowa Meats. Safe to say, they are of equal greatness! Except, that this awesome little gem has a cool deli section.They have the most skilled butchers, friendly staff and their meat counter only has the best stuff. Ranging from beef, pork, lamb, sausages, poultry, and seafood. It truly does feel like one of those old fashion butcher shops. We've gotten the Cattleman's Cut, which I don't think you can get anywhere else around but these two stores. That definitely is a winner! Not only does it have a reasonably great price tag, but it's a damn good piece of steak! mm.mmm.mmmm! Their website even gives you how to's on how to cook 'em. In addition, they carry a small, but note worthy selection of wine, cheese, beer, the freshest produce, specialty goodies, unique condiments and cooking ingredients, and such. Yeah, for the size, it's full of great finds! They even have Julian pies for those of you that have a hankering for 'em.  You no longer have to take that extra long drive to satisfy that pie craving. I just love the layout and the how sparkling clean it is here. Such a wonderful little store to roam around in...so beautiful! I feel like a tourist that's in complete aww when I walk into this place. Well, check out ALL the pics I took... I kinda was that day!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,2/1/2010,735,735,25,28,29>These burgers are definitely bangin'... smokin'... slammin'... and perhaps even kind of sexy in a hometown girl next door kind of way.  If our meat-loving hero could engage in coitus with a 100% all beef patty, Bangin' Burgers would be up there on the list.The half pound burgers here are cooked to your choice of wellness (rare, medium, well done, etc.) and served bare bones on an open faced bun.  Add-ons are available to make it "bangin' style", or to add cheese, chili, bacon, mushrooms, and grilled onions.  The meat here is never frozen, much like In N Out, but the portions are a lot bigger.  Sliced pepperoncinis, dijon mustard, raw onions, lettuce, tomatoes, relish, and an umpteen number of other toppings are available at a self-serve topping bar in the corner.  Needless to say, with this many toppings, these burgers are guaranteed to be a bit messy to eat.Fries, both cajun style and normal, are nicely done.  The wings are definitely above average and come with a thick blue cheese sauce that actually has noticeable chunks of cheese in it.Service is super friendly, and they even comped our hero's table an extra order of cajun fries when they accidentally gave them normal fries with a combo instead.PROS:- The flexibility of burger customization here is great, letting you dress your burger up or down to the extent that you like.- The place is HUGE and not very packed.  No problems getting a seat here.- Good happy hour prices from Monday-Friday, 4-7PM, with Sunday and Monday football specials as well.CONS:- Onion rings here are pretty greasy and have too high of a batter to onion ratio.- The cajun fries aren't too different than normal fries; it's just some extra spices sprinkled lightly on top.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,1/31/2010,243,302,11,14,13>Imagine being in line for the Matterhorn at Disneyland. Its a hot day and the line is ridiculously long. Now, imagine that there is a bar there in line that you had never noticed before as a kid, that is what the Tickled Trout reminds me of. Except with a lot more Karaoke. This place looks like a passage to a different time. I think it is supposed to have an English feel, but to me it feels like Switzerland (I have never actually been). The decor is something else. Having been coming here for a little while now, naturally we had to throw a Birthday party here for my Wife and our good friend Brad. They were supper accommodating, letting our good friend Andi decorate the whole place which included pictures of our guests or honor. The guy that runs the Karaoke there is super cool and makes sure everyone that signs up gets a turn singing, unlike other establishments that require at least a $20 tip. The main Bartender is super cool and somehow memorized all our names. The beer is good, but the shots are great. They have good bar food to help sober you up. There is a restaurant here that we haven't tried yet, but plan to one day. A cool hidden gem of Mission Valley. Come here on a Friday or Saturday night with some friends and have a blast.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,1/30/2010,368,405,7,13,12>After leaving Unheavenly Cupcakes tonight, I realized that we hadn't even eaten dinner yet, so I let Eric choose tonight's menu, even though we gave up eating out for lent, because we're poor.  We walked up and down every street in downtown for a place that would catch our eye, but ended up heading out to the car, and over to Hillcrest.I liked the over all feel to the place.  The low lighting gives the place a nice ambiance.  We were seated in the small booth right of the sushi bar.Our server Avery was helpful.  We order edamame and calamari for appetizers, which came up fast, and let me tell you.  The best calamari I have ever had.  And that says a lot because I have had me some calamari from almost everywhere!  The sauce it came with was a nice pair.  Impressed.  The edamame was normal, a little overpriced for the size, considering I have three bags of it in my freezer, and I'm sure it's the same thing.I ordered the Shrimp Tempura, Quinn and asparagus rolls.Eric gets the Spicy tuna hand roll, and a plain avocado, and cucumber.The Shrimp and Quinn rolls, are amazing.  It would of been a little better if the avocado was cold, but my taste buds were extremely happy.The things that gave them extra stars was the fact that-the avocado was the freshest I've ever had in sushi-the rolls were in 8 pieces, when normally I'm used to a 6 piece-my shrimp rolls were HUGE! and only $8I really appreciated our server, Avery.  When he was taking away our plates the first time around, I guess he accidentally touched my chopsticks, which I didn't notice, but called himself out on, and brought me a new pair.  Most places the server would have cared less about it, so Thank You for that!Overall the sushi was good, and it wasn't as expensive as everyone says.  We got 6 rolls, and apps for less than $65, and that's including a nice tip.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,1/29/2010,162,142,13,14,15>So it's 4pm, I've spent all day helping my friend move, and my only meal of the day was a smoothie at 11 am.  Fried dog shit would be palatable to me right now.With the above in mind, please understand that my lomo torta was positively transcendental.  Onion, tomato, avocado and sweet, sweet swine met melted slices of processed cheese (a knowing homage to an In-N-Out  cheeseburger) and a warm, toasted roll.  It's all about playing with expectations when you're making cuisine at this level, and they definitely did so when I had to wait 10 minutes for a sandwich and agua de sandia.  Next time (and oh, there will be a next) I'll call it in and pick it up.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,1/28/2010,4165,809,39,36,26>ANTHOLOGY SURVIVAL GUIDE FOR CHEAPASSES LIKE CHUN PTICKETS: For certain shows, they got tickets for less than $10! One of my favorite jazz ladies, Lavay Smith, was down from San Francisco about a month ago... they kick you up to the top floor bar area, but its still super nice, elegant and has awesome up close seating if you get there early, and more room to dance than the bottom floor.  ( You look down on the entertainment...and in this case, I was looking straight down into Lavay's low cut dress and blossomed bosom...my wife noticed this too...whoops! ;-) )HINT: You can still sneak down to the first floor's tiny dance space and dance, as my wife and I did for a few songs.FOOD: Option A: Don't eat.Option B: HAPPY HOUR! Tue-Fri get here between 530-730PM! If you're really hungry, definitely go for the delicious, juicy, Sirlion Burger ($10) which is served open faced with slabs of bacon and fries...lots of fatty yummy calories to keep you going all night.  Yellowfin Tuna Crudo ($7) is unique and delish, but not filling.  Prepare for disappointment: Arancine Bites(Too Small for $6) and Caesar Salad(nothing special and too much dressing).  DRINKS:Option 1: Don't drinkOption 2: ...Happy Hour has wine, beer and wells for $6, still kinda pricey.  So you just might want to bring flask.  Or drink very, very, very slowly...which I am not good at, though my wife is.STAFF: Everyone was friendly as far I was concerned. Wife thought service was a bit slow upstairs...but she is not known for her patience! ;-)EPILOGUE: Well, I'm not that cheap...we ordered a bunch of appetizers and wine.  With the tickets it was a $100ish Date...but my patient, sweet, beautiful, intelligent, high-mainteance, backseat driving wife is well worth it  ;-)
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,1/27/2010,541,302,9,20,20>If there's anyone who has a deep understanding of service quality, builds strong customer relationships, and continues to stay vigilant about monitoring the pulse of their clientele its Dr. Beau and his team. The fitting cliche' is that 'they go above and beyond' to satisfy and they do.Prior to this update, I rated my experience as average because my g/f and I had an average experience. It was honest review (we don't easily succumb to the hype from other Yelpers). But there's no hype here.Dr. Beau was quick to respond. He rectified the situation within weeks (if not sooner) and offered for complimentary massages.What businesses go that far for clients these days? From what I've experienced so far Chiropractique really wants clients to be happy, more than any other business I know.Kudos Dr. Beau and Co.!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,1/26/2010,1307,1136,20,24,23>I've lived out in San Diego for almost 4 years now and I have to say that when I first tried this place when I first moved out here, I was in heaven! I've been coming here since! I am surprised I didn't write a review for this place, I could have sworn I did!Anyway, I am from Boston and I go to New York very often because it wasn't too far away. Even Boston itself has tons of awesome New York pizza places so I was VERY spoiled when it came to great pizza! I came here for the first time back in late 2006 and I have to be honest with you. I was VERY happy!  After eating so many crappy pizzas in San Diego, I finally FOUND a place that is WORTH going to! I was eating at the front and finally asked the guy what makes their pizzas so damn good. He replied "the water....we ship the water from NY" and that's what it is! San Diego water is too hard so they ship their water from NY! No wonder it tastes JUST like the pizza I get in New York! Makes perfect sense!No credit cards, debits, no pineapples, chicken toppings, no buffalo wings, bread sticks, no nonsense, no snottiness, JUST plain GREAT pizza, New York's way!You walk in here and everything is either New York, boxing, or Yankees. Though I'm not a Yankees fan, I do respect the Mets and I love New York. The chairs are old, the tables don't match, the floors are old, but that's what adds character and what makes it real. None of that superficial crap California likes to advertise so much. Go to ANY genuine pizza shop in New York and it's JUST like this. I always feel like I'm in New York here. I usually sit in the back because I love the gigantic poster of A Bronx Tale, my favorite movie and the map of the New York subway lines, makes me nostalgic. San Diego, THIS is what the northeast is all about!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2009,1/25/2010,208,190,10,20,17>Absolutely extraordinary experience.  Mi querido y yo have been experimenting with various happy hours across the county.  Today, I was given a homework assignment to find the best Friday happy hour.  I am not sure if I found the best happy hour, but I am pretty sure I found one of the most delectable cafes in San Diego.The cafe is still spacious despite its modest size.  Soft lighting cascades onto delightful cherry stained furniture and booths, giving this establishment a warm, inviting touch upon entering.  Happy hour runs from 4-7, and despite arriving at 5:30, the place was surprisingly quiet.  We were greeted by our waiter immediately and given the option of a table or booth.  I promptly asked about a special they had posted on their website, but sadly I had failed to print it out.  Despite this, our waiter kindly gave us a coupon for a similar offer.After being settling into our table, we were shown the wine and hors d'ouevres menu, as well as the entree menu.  Before we even decided on wine or edibles, our waiter, brought out two small samples of their Heirloom Tomato, Buffalo Mozzarella, and Prosciutto appetizer garnished with a pesto sauce and balsamic glaze.  Delicious.  Afterward, we finally settled on a Chilean wine each and ordered the Mussels and the Pepper Steak Brochettes.  The mussels themselves were of generous size and portion for the price.  Served with garlic crisps and lemon wedges, they could not have been complemented better.  The brochettes served with greens and a horseradish sauce were seared to medium-rare perfection and melted onto the tongue.  And at $5 each during happy hour, you can't get a better deal for flavorful, crisp glass of wine.  Still hungry, we perused the menu again, this time deciding on the Olives, Almonds, and Dates and the Mushroom Vol au Vent.  The almonds were toasted, the olives were sweet, not overly briney, and the dates were wrapped in applewood smoked bacon and stuffed with some sort of delicious cheese.  My head is still spinning.  The mushroom dish was essentially a mushroom pastry, flaky and filled with a sautee, garlic, white wine, truffle oil, and so forth.  I tend to be incredibly picky due to most mushroom dishes being bland and lacking, but this was scrumptious.  Paired with the Argentinian Bianchi Malbec, a slightly spicy red with a clean finish, I was content.  Until our waiter suggested dessert that is.  The dessert menu boasts some delectable treats, but what really caught our eye were the coffee desserts.  I decided to try their Mexican Coffee, "sweetened" with hornitos reposado and kahlua.  Mi querido ordered an Irish Coffee complete with Jameson and Bailey's.  Upon receiving the check, because he's a man of his word, mi querido notified our waiter that he'd missed charging us for a wine.  He was grateful for the honesty and comped the wine regardless.Perfect Friday evening?  Hands down.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,1/24/2010,607,243,31,22,20>The King of Pho or Pho King is one of my new favorite pho (fuh, not foh) spots. I think their fuh is sooo good that I almost desecrated a monastery during a spiritual retreat. On the final day of the retreat, I decided to make an announcement. I stood up and asked, "So, who's down for Pho King after the retreat?" in a bellowing tone as my voice echoed throughout the chapel. The force coming from the sound of my voice was so strong that a nun's veil almost fell off. The nuns, the retreatants (which were all women since it was a women's retreat where "LOVE" was the topic of the retreat), and even the Iraqi live-in couple who take care of the Catholic monastery looked at me awestruck since they assumed I was talking about the two-become-one kinda pelvic thrusting act while I was innocently offering everyone some pretty damn good soup as a group bonding outing. I felt so filthy that I almost felt the need to go to confession. Saying the name aloud makes it taste so much better. I'm bad.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,1/21/2010,127,126,24,27,28>The disclaimer on the TAJIN (fruit seasoning) bottle says, it's not candy...  I say, "spice it up!"My wife and I just finished a bowl of Mexican (Red) Pozole Soup from Colima's Mexican Food [yelp.com/biz/colimas-mex… and we thought a great way to finish our meal would be one of our favorite dessert treats (Vaso de Mangoes con chile y limon).  I thought of this place because from an experience I had next door @ TJ Oyster.The store:  Smallish in size (much like a cafe) but very comfy cozy.  Upon entering their store, the workers were friendly, kind, and patient.  Great choices:  Menu/ prices clearly written above the cashier.  They offered a great healthy alternative of fruits, fresh juices, specialty drinks (i.e., jugo verde, vampiro, etc.), salads, sandwiches, tortas, raspados, and many Mexican (see below/ childhood memories) snacks but from a legitimate store front.  Childhood memory/ flashback:  This store brings me back to elementary school memories.  My friends and I would ride our bikes a couple blocks to the neighborhood mexican candy lady (offering Mexican treats either from her living room/ garage).  The selection of Saladitos, Chamoys, Sweet & Sour candies, mango chilli lollipops, etc.  Yummy, Mexican goodness!  You know what I'm talking about...  the "lead-infused-oh-so good" Mexican goodies.Our treat:  Fresh chopped Mangoes sprinkled with chili and lime juices.  They were extremely generous with their portions (maybe because they noticed my wife was pregnant, thank you!)Price:  Somewhat pricey but to expected (mangoes not in season) but oh so worth it!If you work, live, or simply are passing through and are looking for a refreshing Mexican/ tropical treat, check out this place?  Then maybe, you can stir up you're own childhood memories...  Good ones, I hope =)
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,12/7/2011,111,107,31,13,16>I'm ready for my older cat Shamp to die already. So I was pretty pissed when my wife brought home another cat for us to feed and take care of. Before we got our new cat Pippa, I only bought the cheapest generic brand of cat food I could find. Shamp would still eat it, and I would still hear her barfing in the hallways whenever I introduced her to the latest store brand that was on sale. Cat food was cat food I thought. The barfing and bloody poops are normal right? Apparently, when you get a new kitten they can't eat the Ralph's brand. So we started coming here to pick up fancy kitten food both wet and dry. Shamp was like, "WTF! I'm going to eat your food too you little bitch." Then Pippa was all, "OK. you old hag go ahead. But then I'm going to chase you around all day making you hiss at me because this is my house now. See that little fluffy blue bed I got? Who loves you now?" I have noticed less barfing but stronger cat poop smells. Maybe that is because this place has their own brand of food that is made with better ingredients than the crap I used to buy. Even the wet food had whole sardines in it that weired me out but whatever I'm not a cat so I don't have to eat it. Another thing this place does well is the customer service. Their fish tanks are so clear and clean. I'll upload a pic I took. Also, one of the workers opened up the hamster cage so my daughter could hold one for a bit. So I'm happy we go to this place now and Shamp gets some better food options than what I used to buy her. I feel bad for that cat. The last time I pet her was when I stepped on her with my bare foot while she was sleeping in the middle of the closet.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,12/6/2011,413,327,14,11,10>I happened upon a young lass who asked, "Alas, whyever is the Tractor Room named this way?" For which say I, "It's so named for the device I require delivering my order of double entree, french fry and the bloodiest of Mary's before my eye." I proceed to spin a tale of a grand pile of food, stacked higher than the fork can pierce, all while no obstacle is left standing in the way of my abnormally accommodating stomach.There is an exquisite half pound buttery cornbread, firm on the outside and soft on the inside, served in a cast iron pan. There is an elk sausage hash, with the tenderest rutabaga in all the land hiding beneath the eggs, which are scrambling about the plate. The next entree trumps the first, in all its ground lamb burger glory. The sheer size causes onlookers to squeal and squirm, while not a single eyelash I bat as I consume the meat. The crosscut fries mingle about momentarily on my plate as some are shared with hungry companions, but no remaining cringles escape the inevitable grasp of my gullet. I wash down the mess with a Bloody Mary garnished with filet mignon jerky and stuffed olives. The glory of this frenzy was sweetened by the wait before our seating at this grand wooden table. Why was the wait winsome you wonder? It's the chess set, the checkers board, the ping pong table, the water and tea caddy, and the alleyway adjacent to the Tractor Room designed specifically for impatient patrons (like me) waiting to be placed within.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,12/5/2011,242,154,35,22,19>Taking a shitty car to the mechanic is always the worst. Every time I take my 95 Escort to get an oil change, it's like bringing a 95 year old woman into the dentist and having the dentist be like "HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT ABOUT INVISALIGN? IT COULD IMPROVE THE LOOK OF HER TEETH FOR 10... MAYBE 20 YEARS!" And you're like, "thanks, Doc, but I would appreciate if you just scraped the beef stew remnants from her 3 teeth so she doesn't have bad breath when she dies later today in my guest bed. That would be great."However, my experience at Pit Stop in Kearny Mesa was, unbelievably, GREAT. It started with an unbeatable Yelp Deal for an oil change and 60 point inspection for $33. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, honest, and fast, and didn't try and push anything unnecessary on my little rickety death-wagon. They quoted me great prices on the things I SHOULD get soon, but were totally straight-forward about everything. I know, it's shocking. Plus they had a great waiting room with a huge TV, Wi-fi, coffee, and seating that didn't look salvaged from a Tijuana strip club. Unlike the last place I went (which will remain unnamed), that had decor reminiscent of a snuff film murder hotel: i.imgur.com/MJ0TO.jpg , The Pit Stop was comfortable, clean and modern. A good mechanic experience????!!  I'm obviously dreaming, so if you'll pardon me, Jon Hamm and I are going to go ride a unicorn into a pool of Cheetos.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,12/4/2011,144,139,29,34,28>Del Mar and Chinese food, your kidding me right? I was invited here to join a few friends for dinner and I was definitely expecting the worst. You just cant expect good chinese food in san diego, especially north county san diego, especially del mar. We parked down the street cause we didnt want to pay for garage parking. We later found out you can validate. Upon arriving, we saw a patio area. My fiance and I were wishing we knew about this so we can bring our 9mo old lab puppy with us. maybe next time.when we got into the restaurant, we were greeted immediately by the hostess and an open kitchen. I was pleased to see that the kitchen crew was busy with the loud cantonese chatter between the chinese chefs.so why did i give this place a positive review? #1 the seared ahi appetizer was large, well flavored in the wasabi sauce, and super affordable#2 the barbecue ribs. typically, chinese ribs are over sauced and dry. i think they oversauce to keep it somewhat most. but here, the meat seriously falls off the bone and the seasoning is just right. (this is probably my fave part of the meal)#3 honey walnut shrimp. okay, its hard to go wrong with honey walnut shrimp but rendezvous does a good job of keeping light and refreshing. and if you eat alot of this dish, you would know how important that is. you usually are overwelmed by the amount of sauce or mayo used and the breading is typically super thick to make the shrimp feel larger. here, you get 7-8 jumbo sized shrimps and the sauce is glazed well.We look forward to bringing our dog Charger with us next time and parking in the structure to try more entrees. but for you first timers out there that is reading this as you are trying to decide what to order, stick to the above and you will not be let down.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,12/3/2011,280,181,13,14,14>Came here again for a co-workers birthday luncheon. At first I wasn't so sure about getting down and durrty then having to go back to work, but it was seriously the best.idea.ever!!For a group of 8, we ordered the Sampler Boat (which now comes with fried catfish!) and 2 lbs of crawfish, shrimp, and snow crab legs (full house/medium). Hands down the favorite of the group was the shrimp. I'm actually still thinking about the shrimp. Cue Bubba from "Forrest Gump" - I could go for some shrimp scampi, shrimp skewers, pineapple shrimp, garlic shrimp, shrimp gumbo, but really, I just want some more shrimp from CRAB HUT!! The full house seasonings with medium level spice was absolute perfection. I even had a technique for more efficent shell removal. The crawfish was okay, had a bit of an after taste. I learned a new technique of "pinching" the shell and simply pulling the meat out. And I'm not so big on crab legs. They were good, but take too much work in my opinion. Plus they are messier. I only had one and my  hands were drenched in the sauce!Funny thing was my co-worker pointed out how some of us used all fingers while others (including me) only used our thumbs, index, and middle fingers to get the job done. And yes.. my pinky fingers were proudly pointing up :DThe birthday girl got a song from the servers and a red crab hat to match the embarrassed look on her face. Good times in deed! Oh, not to mention that the chocolate cake was surprisingly moist and delicious!! (Although they charge you $5 for the cake/hat/birthday song). Crab Hut is the perfect place for "team building" or letting your inhibitions down on a date. If you can't eat like I do.. we can't be friends. Or lovers for that matter.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,12/2/2011,176,536,10,12,10>Wow now this is just crazy!  Who'd a thought that putting pasta inside bread would be such a hit?!  I mean i know you eat garlic bread with pasta so its not like you don't eat them in the same sitting.  I guess its HOW they did it that makes it so successful.  The bread is hollowed out really thin then toasted crispy and stuffed with a pasta or salad of your choosing.I also like that they found a use for the hollowed out insides too, They offer the (bread holes) as garlic bread!  AND make you pay for them too!  Now that's just genius!Unlike Mr. Lippman and his muffin stumps."Excuse me, im Rebecca De Mornay from the homeless shelter, are you the one's leaving those muffin pieces behind our shelter?"Elaine: *smiles* "you've been enjoying them?"RDM: "There just stumps!"Elaine: "Well there perfectly edible" RDM: "so you just assume the homeless will just eat them?  They will eat anything?!  I know what you thought they don't have homes!  They don't have jobs, what do they need the top of a muffin for?!  There lucky to get the stumps!!"Everyone i've tried was good.  They also have a vegan option too with vegan meatballs, and even some sort of vegan parmesan cheese substitute that you can ask for.Pizzas there are good too.  Its the torpastas and torsalads, that blow me away!!  It's like Willi Wonka meets Subway!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,12/1/2011,301,120,8,10,9>There once was a commercial for the now defunct Mervyns department store featuring a lady outside pressing her face to the glass storefront chanting "open, open, open". This is how I'm feeling about the much anticipated opening of Harbor Town Pub.From the great minds that have, for decades, loyally served San Diego with fantastic food, delicious drink and a magnitude of merriment at the Waterfront, comes this new hot spot in Point Loma.I eagerly await the open, open, opening so I can update this review with all the delectable details!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,11/30/2011,587,1463,14,18,15>Toronado knocked up Pho King and this is their baby. I like it. When was the last time that you went to a pho restaurant and had to wait because there was a line and you had to put your name down and wait to be called ?I never have.I gotta give these guys props because the food is pretty good and they carry good beers.They deserve it. Who wouldve thunk ? I wished I had come up with the concept.First off, theyre on Voltaire. This is the locals Ocean Beach. Not Newport. Newport is where all of the tourists flock to. Im not saying that OB is a mecca for tourists like PB is but they still get their share.Definitely making this place a regular stop since Im in Ocean Beach pretty regularly. Im pretty stoked that they carry Delerium and other beers that I love because now I actually have a choice between this and Newport Pizza for good beer. I dont go to Pizza Port. I just pretend that its not in OB.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,11/29/2011,282,197,10,13,11>A no bullshit pizza place. Some of the best pizza I have ever had. DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT ask if they do Hawaiian or some other lame pizza there. Its one of those places where you walk up and they say, "what do you want?" It's cash only and straight to the point. Fresh, delicious and consistently great.Go with the classic pepperoni and cheese with a coke.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,11/28/2011,182,104,24,10,9>Ok. I get it. It's North Park.  Make sure you wear your perfectly worn out chucks, yr over-sized beanie over your whateverwasonthefrontpageofurbanoutfittersdotcom t-shirt/buttonup/pullover/hoodie so long as most of your efforts are channelled into making sure you look like you have channelled no effort, you're golden in this bar.I am sure the wood paneling on the walls is some sortta million dollars per square foot reclaimed antique wood from a ship that was part of the Golden Age of the Spanish Armada or has been scientifically verified to have been shat on by an elephant on Noah's Ark, but really it feels more like eating in a barn sans sawdust.  There is so much potential for those concrete floors too.  Concrete stain.  Look into it.  Can I take you to the corresponding department in the nearest home depot?  or wait, here: lemmegooglethatforyou.Oh wait, is North Park not emerging as one of San Diego's cultural and artistic cores?  Oh wait, maybe the upandcoming is minimalist.  Ok fine. Lots of schmancy craft beers.  One red wine.  Went through my craft beer phase in college.  Threw out all those cool and curly bottles I had carefully saved and displayed when I finally moved to CraftBeerIsJustOk Town.   There are some I like, but I don't exactly cream my panties when therez bananacoconutredbullinfused lager near by. On the plus side, the food was excellent.  I got the four-cheese grilled cheese with carmelized onions, he got the ahi sammie which has a mistery pesto that involved salty, and just enough tangy capers.  The menu is not extensive, but from all the piled high dishes that kept passing me by, I can tell they do a few things right.  I will be going back.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2006,1/27/2007,46,59,2,4,6>Hands down, my favorite bar in SD.  Nunu's never failed me whether it be meeting interesting strangers, trying lovely new concoctions from Jeff the bartender, finding some good song in the juke box or just have a mid week drink.I haven't been there in over a year though so I'm sad to hear the old juke box is gone....*sniffle*
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2007,1/26/2007,215,238,,4,3>This is one of my favorite small clubs.  As a shortie, I'm able to see the stage from just about everywhere in the house.  Now that's saying something!  In addition to that, the acoustics are fantastic!  The staff is great - very hard working, friendly and helpful.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2006,1/25/2007,253,600,3,8,10>I am in shock.  Never in a million years would I have thought the best, yes I said "best" sushi and sashimi in San Diego would be found in Lemon Grove....of ALL places.  You might wonder why.  Well, I grew up in Spring Valley, close to Lemon Grove, a little city within the suburbs of La Mesa.  The Asian population here is close to....oh...about 1%.  Whenever we need to grub on some good Chinese or Japanese or Korean food we gotta head over to Clairemont, or worse yet, LA.  Yes we're that dedicated to eating some good food.  BUT THEN.  Today, my mom said she just HAD to take me to a sushi restaurant that was not only good, but close to our house.  I was skeptical.  So very skeptical.  But we went. And I saw the place, and it was in a dark empty corner behind a CVS pharmacy.  But then I tasted the food.  And I was blown away. Very, very fresh sashimi. Melt in your mouth selection of maguro (tuna), hamachi (yellowtail), and ama-ebi (sweet shrimp).  So, so good.  How they get this kind of fresh fish in Lemon Grove, away from the ocean and water of San Diego, tucked away in the inlands of SD, is beyond me. We ordered grilled/fried items on the menu that the Japanese typically eat with beer ("robata-yaki" items) like fried oyster and squid, grilled chicken (yakitori), and a seafood dynamite (fish and crab baked with mayo in a sinfully but so delicious dish).  I have to say, the best seafood dynamite I have yet eaten is still Sushi Ota's.  But the fried squid here (ika-geso) is absolutely great.  Ama-ebi is sweet raw shrimp sashimi.  And they serve it up with the shrimp heads, which they fry up and set on the side.  The seafood miso nabe is a hot pot of miso soup with loads of fresh fish (salmon and yellowtail) and udon and napa cabbage.  So good and I wish a place up in the Bay Area would make something like this good because it'd be a great thing to have on a cold night.  Honestly, San Diego is not known for having fantastic out of this world cant-get-anywhere-else kind of food.  I know.  I grew up here.  Now I live in the Bay, close to SF where there are all sorts of culinary delights.  I think my tastes have gone up a few notches, and esp since I live in San Mateo where there are 5 different sushi bars on any given block, I have a pretty trained tongue when it comes to Japanese food, esp sashimi.  And this place really really rivals places I've been to even in the Bay.  Good places like Yoshi's, Sushi Sam's, Sakae, and those dumb trendy places like Blowfish who call themselves sushi bars (gag).  This place could give them a run for their money.Ignore the cliche name.  Look beyond the exterior.  Inside, you will find a hidden gem of a restaurant that is clean, friendly, and the variety is honestly terrific.  This place also has great great service to boot.  After a few times they will remember your names.  My brother lives down the street from Sushi Time and comes here at least three times a week for their lunchtime bento specials.Yes Ota does have good sushi, but for those of you who dont live close to Ota's and are more in the East County....come and try Sushi Time...you'll be pleasantly surprised.  It's one of those places that whenever I visit SD I'll be sure to come...and whenever friends are in SD I will recommend to them.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2006,1/24/2007,38,0,2,4,3>First the bad news:  Prices are a little higher.  Now the good news:  This is a regular, full service gas station.  Not only that, but the fellows wear bow ties.  If you need help, they practically fight over each other to check your oil; your brake fluid; power steering fluid.  Then they clean the windows.  The tires.  They practically vacuum the car.  And if that's not enough...the owner, Joe Randazzo, is an expert on Frank Sinatra.  Yes!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2007,1/23/2007,233,1444,,2,4>Great room with a view and a huge balcony! Although the time that we were there, it was pretty much off season but they still gave us two rooms at the very far end of the property and we literally dragged our bags pass all these empty hotel rooms....I guess we had privacy but it even took room service awhile before they could deliver our complimentary Haagen Dazs ice-cream and peanuts. Nice touch though to be away from the hustle and bustle of the main district.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2007,1/22/2007,55,384,3,3,4>You LOVE it. You may not admit it, but you really do.I am infatuated with Tiffany's success! Their stupid heart charm bracelets were just that... stupid and dog-tag looking-- however, someone still managed to get one for me. It sits in the same plush Tiffany's Blue pouch it came in... housed in my jewelry box.Let's get to the point... they have AMAZING customer service.  Just bought a Christmas gift there, and as soon as they realized I was in the computer and had possibly too many past purchases, they were at my beck and call-- you may think this is judgmental treatment... I like to think of it as preferential. And I enjoy every second of it.GUYS: DO NOT BUY the same Tiffany's necklace or whatever that you see on every woman in the street-- your girlfriend doesn't WANT to be the same as everyone else... and if she does... well... you're not married yet, right? Get something unique and stylish-- I know not everyone claims they're a fan of Tiffany's... mostly because things seem mass produced, but they DO pay their jewelry creative consultants a pretty penny to pop out some other decent ideas.Not to mention, if you're willing to spring for it, their 'nicer' (not sterling silver) collections are impeccable, with the most flawless gems on the market.That stupid Tiffany's bag brings a smile to my face every time I see it-- I've never expected it from a guy, but it's always a pleasant surprise :o)
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2007,1/21/2007,553,362,2,2,3>Living in San Jose now, I quite frequently go thru my Mexican food withdrawals!  I always took for granted the best Mexican food north of the border.  I mean, I don't want beans and rice in my "grilled steak" burrito.  Just give me a carne asada burrito with guacamole, sour cream, and some pico de gallo.  Throw some great hot sauce on top of each bite and I'm in heaven!Okay okay, enough of my ranting about how bad Mexican food is up here.  Anyway, Super Sergios has it all.  Consistently good food, a big selection, a breakfast menu, and best of all, a 24-hour drive thru window.  Nothing against Denny's, but nothing hits the spot better than a big fat California burrito or chimichanga at 2am!  I know a previous yelper said it gets kinda shady at night, but I've been going there for how many years (and thru multiple name changes) and I've never had a problem.  True, sometimes there are some seedy looking individuals at times, but a little gang warfare never comes in between a man and his insatiable appetite for Carne Asada chips!  Haha!  Just kidding!  But seriously, if you're looking for a taco bell atmosphere, go to taco bell!!  Geez!  =)
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2007,1/20/2007,19,20,1,1,2>You will find my coworkers and I here pretty much every Monday during lunch.  This Pho place was their first Vietnamese Pho experience so... what can I say?  They finally got their cherry popped.Stephen, the older fella who works here, is awesome.  He remembers what your usual is and is funny to boot.  There's this other dude who always looks like he has something stuck up his ass when he takes your orders... you'll know who if you get him.  He could care less about you or the Pho.Spring rolls are okay -- they look huge but the pork and shrimp are lacking.As for the Pho, I think it's overly oily and not as "brothy" as I'm used to.  They do have the best BUN BO HUE.  For those of you not in the know, it includes (brace yourself!) pigs feet/hock, beef, some spam-style chicken pieces, and porks blood.  The broth itself looks bloody (it's because it's spicy) but damn, it is the ultimate soup.  If you've never had BUN BO HUE and are interested in trying something that might look/sound scary as hell but will be so delightful to taste, give it a shot... and let me know.  Then I'll give you a compliment about having some balls :)---Overall Broth - 6/10Pho Ga (chicken) - 6/10Bun Bo Hue - 9/10Spring Rolls - 6/10
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2007,1/19/2007,150,321,4,3,4>This is one of the most beautiful spas I have ever been to. The whole building has such an amazing design and they really pay attention to detail and go out of their way so that you feel relaxed and enjoy your services. The locker room is super nice with granite and marble floors and counter tops and lots of miniature beauty products. They also have a little bar upstairs where they have spa water, tea, cookies, etc. set out for guests and a little outside patio which would be perfect if you were there with a few friends.I've had a massage and a facial there which were both wonderful and relaxing. A nice touch during the facial were special heated booties for your feet and gloves for your hands. I've also been there for a reflexology pedicure, which although nice, was totally overpriced (about $85) - I would never have gotten it if I hadn't had a gift certificate. While their prices are fairly high overall, I think that the whole experience here is worth the money if you are going to splurge on a special treat for yourself. Definitely one of the better spas in the San Diego/La Jolla area.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2006,1/18/2007,202,136,8,4,3>I went to Pacific Beach for a couple days to visit my boyfriend who recently moved there. As he was driving me around showing off his great new living location (I'm definitely moving in with him once I'm done with school!!!) my eyes came upon "Pink Zone."  My curiousity caught, and forgetting that I was supposed to be in PB for the sole purpose of spending quality time with my bf, I quickly convinced him to let us walk in.  Once I walked in, I completely ignored all the cheap tanks and walked straight to the back where they had a great selection of jeans.  I'm from the east and I always have problems looking for jeans that fit me just right and isn't going to kill my wallet.  PB definitely had some places, including Pink Zone.  I ended up leaving the store with 4 or 5 pairs of jeans that fit my small asian behind perfectly, and I must say, flatter it also.  They also had a cute selection of tees, but I figured I had tortured my bf enough and settled for the jeans =)Oh and another thing that definitely deserves to be mentioned: the fitting room. OHH MYYY GAAAWD. I walked over to the girl standing by the fitting room and asked to be let in, and she said "Go right ahead in back."  So I figured there were enough rooms that I could just choose one. Umm, no. I walked back and found myself in one big room with mirrors all around and girls trying on clothes in the open.  I timidly chose a mirror and looked around (careful to not stare) and asked the girl next to me if this was a common thing in PB explaining that I was from the east coast and as far as I knew, there weren't any fitting rooms like that.  Once I felt a little braver (and seeing girls less fit then me just throwing off their clothes) I got into the swing of things and was suddenly not that shy about it.It was definitely an experience...and definitely worth the jeans.  I'll definitely be checking it out again, with hopefully more time to browse.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,12/30/2009,587,1463,21,20,22>Im hot, confused and I dont know what to do or where to go. First date jitters ? Sounds like it could be right ? Nope. Its going to Syrah for the very first time. More specifically, its standing at the bottom of the stairwell and not being able to discern where the front door is.Having been there twice now, I can call myself an expert at finding the place, especially the entrance. Go down the stairs and turn left ! Thats the door. Now get your ass in and enjoy yourselves.A wine bar with a FULL bar. YES ! I love wine. I do. I'm all about reds  but sometimes I need my Jamesons fix. Depends on my mood and the company that Im keeping at that moment, of course.Its a tad dark in here but I like that. Sets the mood and makes for nice ambiance, unless Im with the homies then I'd want this place lit up like Christmas. If I'm with a friend, of the female variety, then yes, dim those bad boys and bring on the candles. Can I request DeBussy or Haydn ? Didnt think so. Oh well. Lets move on shall we ?To be honest, Ive never looked at their menu. Ive only been here for drinks but I do know that they serve artisanal cheeses and charcuteries. Im sure they have a full kitchen back there with a capable staff. I will have to check out the food on the next go around. Yes. Definitely. Absolument.Interesting layout. I like it. Theres a small space for a DJ and theres semi private booths all along the wall. Various 2 and 4 toppers and I thought that I saw a puddy cat, I did I did. Wait, that my roommate's black kitten clawing my toes as I type this.Dumb ! haha. Lame ! Im a bit inebriated at this moment and I hope this review comes out ok Guess what ? Edgar Allen Poe wrote his best stuff when he was either pissed drunk on absinthe or high on some form of drug ! Not that Im comparing myself to Poe, mind you. I wouldnt dream of it. The only thing Poe about me is my financial status. To conclude, this place rocks ! Go here, by any means available to you. Like Anthony Robbins said and I quote " If you think life is boring then you are boring ! " Well, to paraphrase, if you dont have a good time here then you...just havent had enough to drink !
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,12/29/2009,792,572,21,24,26>I am so glad I went this year because I had one helluva a time with my friends sipping on some good wine and fantastic grub!  If you're a foodie and love wine like I do, then this event is worth going to my friend!  The festival only comes around to San Diego once a year, so start saving now, it's definitely worth it.This was my second time going to the grand tasting event, my first time was in 2007 and had a great time at that one too.  What are you in for?  Picture this...booths and booths and booths of wineries from all over California pouring over 800 bottles of their best wine and the best grub you can sample from the best restaurants in this beautiful city of ours.  Gosh, I wrote best a lot, but it's true and couldn't describe it any other way...lol!It was the perfect day to have the festival, the sun was out, the weather was crisp and the crowd was fun.  Come hungry because you're going to do nothing but eat and drink here, plus you want to get your money's worth!What were my favorites this year?  The braised beef from the Prado booth...OMG, talk about the meat being as tender as it can be.  Nobu, Urban Solace, Roy's, Fleming's, Truluck's and Mortons were all there and provided small samples of what they do best, provide awesome dishes!  I have to admit, going to the festival can be overwhelming.  It gets super crowded, but you get used to it after a while.  What I ate at which booth is a blur as far as the details of the ingredients they prepped the food with, but everything I tried did not go to waste, there was not one dish I didn't like!If you're not a wine drinker, there were other vendors, the guys in our group enjoyed the Stella Artois and Hoegaarden all poured full in nice glasses for you to keep.  Tommy Bahama's honey rum was delicious, the Midori snow cones looked refreshing and the candy cane rum was a nice treat.  I missed out on the sake booth...darn!My favorite non-wine drink was the St. Germain liqueur that was shaken up with champagne, sparkling water and a lemon twist poured over ice.  This was a hit, good stuff!World Market provided nice recycle bags for you to stock up on the free stuff available at lots of booths.  I just emptied my goody bag and found some random stuff, it's always fun to help yourself to this stuff, I got bags of almonds, some chocolate bars and samples of tea, instant coffee and fun stuff  like a Slinky, Rubik's cube key chain, a yoyo, a wine bottle opener, a pack of matches (with an old school pic of a topless lady on it) and a fly swatter...random, right?!Needless to say I will be back here next year.  I went with a group of eight and we're probably going to multiply with a larger group next year because everyone I went with went for the first time yesterday had already told their friends about joining us there next year.  Ah, what a good time had by all!Cheers!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,12/27/2009,314,412,26,18,19>I was drunk.They were hungry.They were telling me I needed to eat.I didn't want to."You need to eat."I had one taco. It was either chicken or pork? It was good. The girls working there were really nice. I can't thank them enough.Happy Birthday was sung twice.TJ Hotdogs were eaten.I thought he said his name was Neyo, but it was Leo. I was calling a guy Bean, when his name was Dean."I'm going to add you on facebook. Okay?" is the new pick up line. HAHA Just Kidding.I should try this place when I am more coherent.No one threw up.It was a good night.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2009,12/26/2009,281,408,10,10,12>If I were writing this based solely on the sweet treats, it'd be high praise and a solid five stars. Unfortunately, their complete inability to make a decent cup of coffee (I've tried three times to allow them to get it right, just because the treats are so good) knocks them back to a mid-level three. I'm not going to go out of my way for this place, but I would order one of the cakes for a special occasion. I still can't determine whether my love of the mojito cookie makes me an alcoholic or not, but it's so dang good I don't care much. I'm safe as long as I enjoy it in the company of others, right? In sum for sweet treats at the beach, stop on by. For a cup o'joe bypass the shop and head to one further down the street - it's OB there's plenty to offer without having to succumb to the corporate monster.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2009,12/25/2009,422,258,15,14,16>"La Puerta" literally means "The Door."  But the door to what is left to the guest to decide.My first visit was mostly just to get a drink and try the TJ dogs that everybody was raving about.  The beer was okay, and the dogs, well, they could just bark their merry way back to TJ for all I cared.So I wasn't terribly thrilled about going back again, but since the Yelp group was going there after the latest installment of Movie & A Brewski, I kept my mind open and opted to sample some other things.And so I discovered that "The Door" could be a portal to a heavenly dinner.My wife and I got several different items, with the intent to try each of them and take the leftovers home.  So we got the guacamole chips, flautitas, carne asada fries, bean burrito, and cali burrito.  The fries and bean burrito were outstanding, the cali burrito and flautitas were very good, and the only complaint was that the guacamole chips had too many chips and not enough guac.The "Purple Haze" that I had to drink was also a powerful motivator to want to come back.  It's a margarita made with some very tasty sangria, and it's got enough alcohol to juuuust barely question if you should have a second within a 20-minute period.Even with a full crowd of hungry and thirsty Yelpers (and others), the staff kept up with all of our complex orders without skipping a beat.Now, the only quandry is... should I try some more new things, or should I enjoy what I've already discovered is great?
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,12/24/2009,289,107,21,22,19>This reviewIs loooong overdue.Don't have much to sayThat hasn't been saidSo I guess I will payPoet homage instead.This is a placeYou would keep to yourself.A friendly old faceTucked away on a shelfThat fills you with comfort (Food, craft beers, and such)Without charging coverWithout costing muchThe jukebox is livelyThe patrons, less soThis place seems to thrive, seeOn taking things slowNo frills, no pretension'Cause who cares what "they" thinkThis is where real peopleCome for a drink.Hamilton's is my favorite bar in San Diego. That is all.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,12/23/2009,185,61,11,11,10>I can't believe it took me so long to come here.  I love chocolate... no wait, I love GOOD chocolate.  And theirs is definitely good... no wait... it's great.I was having one of those nights where I just needed my best friend, some homemade pizza, a chick-flick, and of course some gooey chocolately goodness.  So, I suggested a stop to Eclipse.  We got two cakes, one was caramel filled with chocolate ganache frosting and sea salt... it was amazing.  My mouf was in bliss.  The other (which we split both, of course) was more a s'more concoction, but was still tastey, but not to the extent of the caramel one.  Not to mention, each cupcake was only $3.50!  I would have paid much more for that.  But thank you Eclipse, for saving me from myself and keeping my belly happy.  I will be back.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2009,12/22/2009,220,117,14,13,16>The road to a fitter footmobile became exponentially more treacherous last week, with the opening of Lefty's Mission Hills.It was bad enough to navigate the diet minefield of Bronx, Yogurtland, Venissimo and the Huddle without the addition of a fantastic Chicago style pizza joint that serves by the slice or pie, as well as pastas, burgers, hot dogs and (soon) beer.Do you know how hard it is going to be to force myself to continue my biweekly old lady Tour De Mission Hills with the knowledge that I could, instead, be sipping a cold beer and noshing on a pepperoni slice? I wonder if a full sized thin crust Monster of the Midway would be tough to carry up the Juan St Hill? Should I just resign myself to the fact that, unless I change my route, the footmobile and I will retain our gas guzzling SUV sized, instead of becoming the sleek European sports model we aspire to be?
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,12/21/2009,414,404,15,16,16>So what should we do to sober up after a GREAT time at WCT for the elite party?  Let's go get a sugar high!!!!Me and my +1 went here because neither of us were okay to drive.  Drink and drive responsibly kiddies!  We walked in and saw the large display of pastries with the normal Chocolate cakes, Creme Brulee (My personal favorite still) and the Irish Angel cake.  What we didn't see what Pot De Creme, Red Velvet cup cakes, and some other favorites.  What? Why?!?!  We asked if Tina Luu was here (The original reason this place took off and the cashier told us no!  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooo!!!!!!! The first time ever coming here, she greeted us with a warm smile.  Now, she's gone.  I felt a little betrayed almost like I just got dumped by a girlfriend.  Okay not really but it was sad.  We ended up going off from our norm and ordered the pumpkin pie and a pecan pie.  Both of which were about 6" in diameter which is perfect for a couple to share... or two fat @$$3$ to eat themselves.  We were the latter. The pumpkin pie was really good.  Had a strong pumpkin and spice taste without sacrificing the sweet and smoothness a pie should have.  I'd give this 4-starsThe Pecan pie was the same.  Very deRicious.  In my opinion a little too much whipped cream and not enough pecon filling but it was still a good balance since it wasn't TOO sweet.  While Chef Tina is gone, the heart of the desserts still remains the same.  I'd still come back whenever i'm craving a great dessert.  Please note: All reviews above regarding food may have been exaggerated due to the amount of alcohol in my system.  You know how it is, with alcohol, everything can taste great!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2009,12/20/2009,263,192,38,31,30>What happens when you realize you've wasted the last 3 years on some manipulative, cocky, a-hole that probably wouldn't care if you got a heart attack after clogging your arteries with junk food? Buy a large cheese pizza for $5.99.What happens when you realize you've done the whole "I'm done!!!" thing several times already, but can't seem to learn a lesson?Eat 2 slices of the pie.What happens when you realize that you're PMSing and you're extra emotional?Eat my feelings = 2 more slices of the pie.What happens when you realize you're consuming an oily pizza that will probably make you gain 5 lbs. in one sitting, making it less likely for any other guy to ever find you attractive?Eff it, just keep on eating the feelings. 2 more slices.What happens when you realize the pizza you're consuming is actually pretty good?Eat the rest of the goddamn pizza!What happens when there was a flyer attached to the pizza box full of coupons and a copy of their awesome menu that serves some greek food, salads, pastas, and italian sandwiches?I'll be back!*FYI, in case you're considering taking me out on a date, I didn't actually eat the entire pizza in one sitting, but I thought about it! I promise I'm not that crazy. I'm just PMSing!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,11/22/2008,371,261,28,22,24>So I have this weird feeling I haven't been able to shake.It's not one of those "Why do they keep staring at me?" kind of feelings.  Not the kind of feeling you get after taking a long shower after walking through a desert with no water for about seven hours.  Not even the feeling that Morris Albert or Paul McCartney sings about.I believe I've caught a cold.  Damn you nature!On my way home from work the other night, I assessed my situation.  My body was crying out for some type of hot soup sustenance.  I could go home, throw some rice in a pot and make some porridge, go have pho, or...HAVE SOME SOON DUBU!"Yes!" my Body cried out to me, overriding my indecisive brain and triggering the synaptic codes that had me merging unto the 163 towards Kearny Mesa."You've done it this time, Body," I chided , "if you hadn't killed Logic last week, I'm sure you've done it now.""Quiet you," my Body scolded as we picked up speed.---We arrived at Convoy Tofu House and we were greeted accordingly."Anyoung sae yo!  Huangyong hamnida!""... *slight bow*"" [In Korean] How many?""Tw ... just one."  I almost screwed up big time there, and my Body voiced his disapproval by shutting off all motor functions for a split second.I knew exactly what I wanted, but since there are only two people working the entire restaurant at any given time (and of those two, generally only one knows a bit of English) I had to wait a bit before I could order.  I decided to have dumpling soon dubu because my usual go to (tripe) would only exacerbate my condition.In five minutes, I have panchan in front of me.  Logic would've told me that eating pickled anything in the state I was in would have been folly, but as Logic was killed last week I dove right in.  Convoy Tofu House has THE BEST kimchee in town, and I wasn't going to let mine go to waste.  Two minutes after the panchan the bubbling soup came out.It was heavenly.  The warmth of the soup rejuvenated me, and tofu is always welcomed in my belly.  I felt like I could live again!  My Body was letting me take back the reins because he knew I wasn't going anywhere until that soup was finished."Don't even question my judgment again," Body chuckled like the laughing buddha."nom nom nom"---Though the effects of the soup only lasted for about two and a half hours (I was shivering under my covers again that night), I won't deny the fact that it helped me make it the rest of the way home.  I also won't deny the fact that Convoy Tofu House is the best tofu house on Convoy.  The congenial atmosphere, that it is seemingly a family owned and run establishment and the consistently good food and service keeps me coming back for more.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,11/21/2008,262,85,12,28,18>In the sea full of mediocre corporate delis, sports bars, and chain restaurants serving bland "mall food," Apollonia is the one decent, if not delightful, restaurant I can truly boast of in UTC. Don't be mistaken, you will not find the typical greasy "street meat" gyros or dry falafel at this joint, which, post-consumption, tends to make me feel like a brown bear who has been shot in the ass with a tranq. I have tried at least five dishes on the menu and can say that all are light, fresh, and delish. The avgolemono soup, tzatziki, spanakopita, greek salad, Aegean swordfish sandwich, and Cretan salmon were all amazing. So if you work in UTC and are looking for a decent, moderately priced restaurant that you can get in and out of in your lunch hour, this is the place to be. And remember, sit on the patio!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2008,11/20/2008,413,1019,16,21,20>Reading reviews of Influx....blahblahblah...cupcakes.What, Influx sells cupcakes? Red velvet ones?Yes, I went for cupcakes and only cupcakes. They were awesome. They met all my standards for cupcake love. Let's go down the list one by one....1. chocolate/chocolate: chocolate cake is my least favorite flavor of cake. but this cupcake could make me a fan - dense and very chocolately. The frosting was also very good - thick chocolately buttercream.2. coconut: wow - this was so coconutty. There was coconut in the cake and the frosting. Very sweet but if you like coconut, this is cupcake heaven.3. carrot cake: my favorite of the batch. Real carrot cake with lots of nuts and raisins in the cake. The cream cheese frosting was perfect and they garnish it with a bit of candied walnut.4. red velvet: I was thrown off by the strawberry on top - red velvet has nothing to do with strawberries. But the cake was good, with a bit of cocoa flavor and the frosting was the cream cheese frosting that I already knew I liked from the carrot cake. I'll say this is one of my fave red velvet cupcakes in SD.I'll be back for more cupcakes, but the vibe of the place itself did not lend to hanging out...too many people on their laptops pretending to be working.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2008,11/19/2008,314,412,12,12,14>Halloween night. In between the trip from Bar Pink to Sarah's pad Marisol(who didn't leave for the navy, yet) and I passed by 30th and Juniper. Cupcakes, she says. Ooo, I reply. We park at the liquor store conveniently located across the street that clearly has the "customer parking only" sign posted in front of our face. Pfft. Whatever. We're greeted by Elisa. Chocolate cupcakes with chocolate fudge, and chocolate with cheesecake frosting? are the only ones on display. No red velvet cupcakes? Elisa to the rescue, they were in the back but not frosted yet. Two red velvet cupcakes please. Elisa went into the back to frost them. Incased in their Styrofoam cups with plastic lids, Marisol and I went to Sarah's. I was licking the frosting off the top. Mmm yum. Now here I sit at home, indulging myself in a red velvet cupcake, contemplating about a few things. Where would I be without this red velvet cupcake? Anyways, Daily Scoop is a nice, cute place; with all kinds of old school candies for sale, ice cream, a plethora of flavors, and some shirts and stuff at the other end.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,11/18/2008,146,127,15,11,13>It's a beautiful day in the Neighborhood.A beautiful day for a Neighbor.Would you be mine?Could you be mine?I've always wanted tasty foodJust like youA veggie sandwichJalapeno macGarlic friesAnd brewsSoooooLet's make the most of this beautiful daaaaayAnd make our way to the Neighboorhood plaaaaaaceWon't you please,Won't you pleeeeaaase?Won't you please eat...at Neighbor(hood)Ahhhhwell boys and girls,it's been a lovely time eating hereour server was real nicehave you ever had good service boys and girls?it's always such a treatand boy, oh boy was the food was tastyI like tasty fooddo you like tasty food?(puts on socks, shoes and sweater)Until next time boys and girls...Won't you please,Won't you pleeeeaaase?Won't you please eat...at Neighbor(hood)
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2008,11/17/2008,65,81,10,14,12>Located in La Jolla, this lounge also comes with a La Jolla price tag. Everything is made in house! The burgers are gigantic, so much so you need to perfect your smooshing of the bread in order to take your first bite. Their herb-infused fries and onion rings are definitely crispy fried deliciousness. However, I lean towards the veggie burger here. One of the best I have had in San Diego. Organic, filled with quinoa, it is quite tasty and very filling. I just don't like how it tends to break apart and fall out of my bun during the smooshing process. While there might not be traditional table service, there is someone bussing your table during the meal, bringing you your condiments, and making sure you are enjoying your burger just the way you want it. So don't forget about them as you walk pass the tip jar on the counter after paying.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2008,11/15/2008,150,83,14,12,13>Let me first say, I am a vegetarian. Let me also say, Ich bin ein Berliner!Fancying myself a bit of a designophile and fontophile, I have always been drawn to Sausage King. The sign over the door depicts an early sixties cartoon stylized sausage with a happy face and eyes lit up with excitement. Why? Well, he is enrobed in a royal mink mantle while a pointy crown levitates above his head. The font above reads SAUSAGE KiNG in this modified almost varsity jersey sew-on based font except the i is lower-cased and the dot is replaced with a pointy crown. Wowee Zowee!  When Jimmy Carter's was next door, I used to wait for my table by lurking outside the adult bookstoresque exterior of SAUSAGE KiNG and staring at this nostalgic sign, hearing that mid-century retro "ding" sound as a four-long-pointed shine star appeared on that royal sausage's crown. I even had a radio jingle that I composed in my head.Just this morning, I took my good friend and neighbor, Alex, who happens to hail from Berlin, and who also happens to be throwing a BBQ tonight to SAUSAGE KiNG. Wowee Zowee!I never knew that this place was an authentic Deutsche Fleischerei. It smelled aromaticly awesome from the various smoked salamis hanging on the walls. There were mustards, chocolates, cheeses, breads, and cookies to boot (boot meaning boot nicht boat).The woman behind the counter heard Alex's accent and struck up a long and enthusiastic conversation ins Deutsch with him.  I listened trying to  pick up on odds and ends of the dialouge as it flew over head in the high-ceilinged Fleisherei while I my eyes salivated at some of the finest packaging design, fonts, and advertising I have seen. I mean this place has sausage characters dressed up in costumes on the walls. Drool!Alex bought some Weiswurst und Hackfleisch (note: we should use this German word for ground meat in this country because it is so much better. I mean es ist sehr besser).  He even found some impossible until now to find ingredients in the king. A pickled jarred celery, Brunch! spread (which is similar to a whipped cream cheese with chives), and Vegeta (which is a Slovenian soup mix and seasoning kinda thing). The kind woman rang up Das Fleishfest on the old register, the internal  cams swung true with a mechanical clank as the metal bells clinked--the numbers 19.57 (another wonderful font printed on aging cream) darted up into the register's glass-vizzy apt precision.  As I tangentaly thought that our trip to the KiNG was like hitting the culinary jackpot.  Upon leaving, Alex informed me that when we opened the door and the smell hit him he thought, oh yes, this is very authentic.Wowee Zowee!SAUSAGE KiNG uber Alles.SchuSS!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,11/14/2008,143,114,20,16,17>I come here about once every other month.  The staff here is usually knowledgeable and always friendly.  I usually get asked if I need any help before I even get to the point where I need help.  Their prices are okay.  If you want a deal, you've gotta follow their sales closely and sometimes those sale prices only match other competitors' normal prices.  Since bevmo introduced me to a great cachaca for my mojitos, several great wines which are now staples at my place, and this is the only place I know of that carries lychee liquor for our famous Lychee Ricky, I figured I was going to the right place when I needed to buy some scotch for a friend's birthday gift.  I browsed the store for a minute and when I was ready to be schooled, I started scanning the store to see if I could find someone to help me.  Employee Profile #1:  Young guy, goatee, short, messy hair, wearing shorts and Vans.  (Hmmm....maybe too young to be a scotch drinker....he looks like a beer drinker to me...)Employee Profile #2:  Young woman, brunette, glasses, looks book-smart, khakis, plain blouse.  (Nope, definitely wine drinker, and on a crazy night, I bet apple martinis - yuck...moving on...)Employee Profile #3:  Middle-aged white caucasian, bald, black t-shirt, gold tooth, leathery face, popeye arms.  (Ding-ding-ding!!!  We have a winner!!!)Me:  "Excuse me sir, what can you tell me about scotch?"Popeye:  "Well, well, well!  Where do I begin?!"  Popeye's eyes light up, he licks his lips, and he goes on to tell me all I needed to know about scotch whisky.  My friend was touched and grateful for the thoughful gift.  Thanks Popeye!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2008,11/13/2008,472,335,9,11,9>When it comes to Indian food, I am a complete idiot.  Nonetheless, I know what my tastebuds like, and they agree with Bombay Coast.The setup is run-of-the-mill point-at-what-you-want mall food, located in the new Price Center East food court near the Sunshine Market.  The lines can get crowded, but if you go at the right time, there could be no wait at all.  It was lucky for me and my friend Jowen W. when we got there at 10:20 AM and were one of the first guests they ever had.  Today was the grand opening!Beautifully crafted yellow rice, white meat juicy chicken tikka, aromatic and boldly flavored eggplant, and naan to top it off.  Not to mention samosas, an open chutney bar, and THREE entrees with a combo, it's great!I must say that I have never gone out of my way to eat Indian food.  It's one of those genres of cuisine that I never committed myself to intensively appreciate.  Maybe I'm ready to take that step, but moreover, I'm ready to make Bombay Coast a welcome addition to my lunch rotations.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,11/10/2008,49,72,12,12,12>So my boy schedules an impromptu breakfast at the Big Kitchen and, like sheep, we follow.  We catch up with some existing Yelper friends and meet some new ones there.  Good deal!The digs are a little antequated but the BK is cool.  The wait staff has attitude and are pleasant.  At one point, after we had squatted at the table for 2 hours, they nearly kicked us out.  Sweet, my kind of place.  There are two kinds of customer service: a$$ ki$$ing (i.e. Nordstrom, Donovan's) and memorable (Big Kitchen sass).  Had the coffee cake today (made the mistake of eating cereal when I woke up) and what else?  Oh yeah, coffee.  It was excellent but a larger portion than I needed.  It's got a bunch of menu items designated by 'famous' people.  Some are San Diego famous like Larry Himmel and some are nationwide like Whoopi.  Word is she used to work here.  Definitely not a place you'll find in a tourist guide but a place locals hang.  If you're a local, you've probably been there and if not, pretend to be a local and go. The food is always good there and weekdays provide lots of time and no lines.  Everything's affordable but they are cash only.  In this economy..what's that about?  Don't trust us to pay our credit cards...neither would I.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,8/10/2014,597,654,35,36,36>Sunday Brunch!I walked in here with a large party of eight, not knowing what to expect. Sure glad we got reservations. The interior is woodsy, modern, well lit and well laid out. We were offered two menus, both with a wide variety of goodies ranging from filling lunch favorites to spectacular breakfast concoctions. Most of the food is modern, large portioned, a little "off the beaten path" as in classic favorites, yet very tasty. The execution and presentation are quite impressive. Service is attentive, friendly and efficient. Drinks were refilled, our needs addressed and the gal with the water pitcher always had a pleasant smile on her face. :)Cute pictures and steel statues of pooches adorned the walls and interior, bringing more charm to an already impressive eatery. Tables/booths were filled with families, folks from all ages. I dug the diversity and liveliness of the atmosphere within. Outside parking is tight and can be hit and miss. Give this place a chance and the Lazy Dog will grow on you too.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,8/9/2014,85,260,7,18,7>I've been attending Rock Church with my family regularly for several months now so I figured it was time to update my review. We began attending back in the early summer when Pastor Miles was on his sabbatical. I so enjoyed getting to see so many big-name speakers like Christine Cane, Nick Vugicic, and Michael Jr, to name a few. What really captivated me about Rock Church is their worship. I LOVE IT! There are some amazingly talented musicians using their God-given gifts to worship playing on that stage. I am blessed every Sunday just getting to worship during that time.  I can tell that a lot of hard work goes into each service and there are many dedicated people making it happen. I also like the teaching at this church. We were told before we started attending that the Rock administers a "water-ed down" gospel. I don't think that could be any farther from the truth. I have felt much conviction while sitting in those seats (and that's a great thing!) Going to church shouldn't make you feel comfortable, it should inspire you to grow and change. That's what I feel I get from this church. If you want to come to church and have your ears tickled every Sunday, then this isn't the place for you. I LOVE how many ministries this church has. Pretty much anything you might be interested in - they have a ministry for it! And if they don't, they give you the opportunity to start one.  My four year old has begun attending Awana Club at the church on Thursday nights. In a month's time he has already memorized three Bible verses and earned two badges. I am thankful for the many volunteers dedicated to teaching our children the Word of God. We are going to start attending their Karate ministry, which is basically a free Karate class for all ages. Those are just a tiny tip of the many things they offer at this church.  AND I can't forget their amazing MIracle 139 special needs class on Sunday mornings. My 10 month old son is special needs and requires frequent suctioning. Because of this is is hard to find people who are comfortable watching him for us. He has been welcomed with open arms from the beginning by people willing to learn what he needs and how to take care of him which allows my husband and I to enjoy the service worry-free. Rock Church is wonderful and I hope you'll give it a chance!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,8/8/2014,423,114,8,14,10>Panda lines are long. Hit there first if you can. That's probably the best advice I can give anyone. Why? Because pandas are cute and everyone wants to see them...always. As per most amusement type venues, be sure to have a mild amount of money to spend on food and trinkets and such.... especially if you have kids.... they'll probably want to see / buy a lot of stuffs. Or you can be cheap like me, and spend a good 51 cents on a smashed penny souvenir. It's still cool....Just saying.This park is full of exhibits and definitely has a lot of cool things to see. If you are planning to do an "all in one day"  type of visit, be absolutely sure to have the following : tennis shoes for the vast amount of walking you will be doing. (including standing in line for proper panda views) as well as a full bottle of water (since we know the price of everything is always outrageous, might as well be prepared.) As far as additional strategy goes, I'd take a map and visit one side of the park first, then use the sky tram to visit the other side. Create some sort of plan, your feet will thank you later. Or, take one of the bus tours early, so you can get a real idea on what you want to see vs what you'd rather pass up. If there are 3 things you absolutely must see, i'd suggest the panda exhibit (obviously), the giraffes, (you can feed them too!) and any one of the "shows" that the zoo offers. (The Ooos and Aaaahs will come after... i'm almost positive.) Anyway, as i've said before, tons to see and do, and it's definitely a fun experience for people of all ages. Once I get a grown-up job, I'll probably end up buying an annual pass to visit. Ease of access : 5-StarsCleanliness: 4-StarsEntertainment Value: 5-StarsPrice of food / souvenirs: $$-$$$, depending on what you're looking for. Overall experience / recommendation: It's like Nike, JUST DO IT.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,8/7/2014,135,119,8,11,9>We dined here on a Saturday night for Restaurant week in January. We made reservations at prime dinner time of 7 pm. We arrived on time, and waited for a few minutes to be seated. The restaurant was packed. I did like that we got a booth for our table, and the bench seating was facing the TV's at the bar, but the was right next to the wall/ area where the servers are coming to/from the kitchen and to the hall to the bathrooms, so there was quiet a bit of traffic. Starters: I got the Jumbo lump crab cake. It was (1) crab cake, perfectly seasoned, amazing! The dinner portion offers (2) crab cakes for the price of $35! He got the Fried red chili calamari. It was good, but he was not a fan of the filler. Main Course:  I got the Black and Bleu Baja Mahi Mahi with a side of cheesy bacon au gratin potatoes. He ordered the Pacific Rockfish Louis with a side of zucchini and yellow squash. This was too much food. The Mahi Mahi was amazing! I requested the black to be lightened so it was not so spicy, and it worked out well. He devoured his rockfish and enjoyed every bite. The finale: As I was drooling over the table next to us that had a variety of desserts at the table, a pretty green flaming dessert caught my eye and won my pick for the night, the mint baked Alaska! The flaming green dessert was so captivating; I didn't want to dig into it and have the flame extinguish.... But I did right straight to the bottom of the cookie crust and watch out; it has quite the alcohol kick! It was delicious! He ordered the apple cranberry crisp with vanilla ice cream. Our service that evening was excellent. Oceanaire is part of the Landry's restaurant group, which has many restaurants that participate in the dining rewards. For $25 you can earn rewards at many popular restaurants like Bubba Gump Shrimp Co, Claim Jumper, McCormick & Schmicks, Morton's Steakhouse, Peohe's, Rainforest Café, and many more! We joined the select club!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,8/6/2014,50,105,4,12,7>This review is for a MANI-PEDI with Toni...she works out of this studio, and her brand is called "Polished by Toni."I bought a Groupon for this service, because I hardly ever paint my nails, and am trying to be better about that.  Toni prides herself in taking her time with clients.  She took an hour and a half with me, and buffed every last bit of callus off of my feet - this is not typical, particularly when you've made a Groupon appointment.Toni is super nice, and did a fantastic job with the polish! A very welcome treat after a long day at work.Thanks, Toni...will be seeing you again!
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,8/5/2014,209,123,5,7,10>J&I is nearly all concrete but fun and charming. The napkin for your lap is a cozy kitchen hand towel. The buttermilk biscuit is heavenly. The smell of it alone would thwart any hope of going carb-less.  My cohort is from the south and couldn't get over the biscuit either.Our server was nice and easy going. To start, the carne crudo asada was awesome (I wanted more jalapeño, por favor). The small plate of tuna tartar was playful with herbs I couldn't pinpoint and the burst of mango yolk was unexpected. The yodel dessert was a treat. It made my grown up side and dipin'dots kid side happy. The patio is adorable, lots of mature foliage and vines... I'll have to return to take advantage of it and sip solteras in the sun.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/4/2014,184,177,5,7,7>Thank you Allison for checking into this place. I was trying to resolve a dilemma when lo and behold, the Yelp banner flashed across my phone, giving me the perfect solution to my issue. Who woulda thunk there was a bakery just as good as all the other ones north of the 54! THE DIGS and SERVICE:Now... I don't know what a French patisserie looks like but if I were to put such an image in my head, Sweet Sisters would be it. Strategically situated on 3rd avenue alongside Chula Vista natives such as La Bella's, this bakery had all the charm it needed to lure me in. Its quaint seating area had the outdoor café feel to it, except indoors with warm, beige walls contrasting the dark colored dining fixtures. On the flipside, you find yourself staring at a pastry case and humble gelato freezer displaying their delicious goods for you to see. The menus are handwritten, giving it a personal, human touch with enough standing room space for customers in waiting to view their pastry of choice.What usually tips me over to give an establishment a 5-star rating is the service, especially when they get the vibes you put off and they know how to work with what you're thinking if that makes sense. I wish I had asked for her name but the sister behind the counter made my first experience an enjoyable one due to her down to earth demeanor and a shared sense of humor. Karina (I'm guessing that's her name as it was written on my slip) also gave me top notch service as she walked me through the design process. She definitely made my life so much easier as we shared a common vision for a cake I ordered.THE GRINDS:Cannoli: Nothing beats a cannoli fresh out of the fryer, as it retains its crisp shell and creamy exterior. Unfortunately, that was not the case for me but it was delicious nonetheless. The shell itself had a lovely taste of cinnamon and each end was dipped in chocolate, which helped to keep it somewhat crunchy. The filling however, was amazing. The ricotta and chocolate chip blend was creamy and semi-sweet, just enough satisfy your craving for something, well... sweet for lack of a better term.Raspberry Macaron: Although I'm not one to rave over these pretty patties, I have to say this was pretty decent. It had just the right amount of chew to the cookie texture and the cream did not overcompensate with the sugar. It was actually smooth to swallow down. Cake:  Uh. Please wait for the next Yelp review.Knowing that such a bakery exists in the Southbay is always a good thing. It's rare to find a bakery specializing in delectable pastries and other baked goods down in our neighborhood and I'm glad it's doing well. How I missed the shop for the past two years that its been established I will never know, but its a hidden treasure that everyone should check out if you're ever cruising down 3rd Avenue.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,8/3/2014,221,407,7,4,6>If you're anything like me, and I know I am, you might be a bit tired of Cohn restaurants. I mean, they're so 2010, right? Well, don't let that stop you from visiting this place! Run down to Costco, get the gift card, roam on over and enjoy an amazing meal!The restaurant is split into three areas. There's the bar area, the restaurant area just behind that, and then the outdoor patio. The night we were there they had a musician and a very boisterous atmosphere. We wanted a bit quieter so we settled in on the restaurant.When we looked down at the menu the duck confit poutine jumped right off the page. Must have that now!! Of course the question was which type of fries - regular or sweet potato. Fear not, the waiter told us, we could do a mix. We did and they were delicious! If I had to pick I'd say the regular fries were a bit better of a combo, but not by much.On the cocktail side, I went with the Orchard Fashion, which was not quite as sweet as I had feared - it was quite tasty. My wife went for the Tavotini. She enjoyed it, but I thought it struck a couple of odd notes on my palate.Now for the mains. My wife went for the scallops and risotto. The scallops were cooked perfectly, and the risotto and greens were delicious. I went for the oven roasted chicken. I'm trying not to be hyperbolic here, but it might be one of the best chicken dishes I've ever had. The cayenne polenta was amazing. The brocolini was very good. And the chicken itself - moist, great mustard crust... I may or may not be drooling just thinking about it now. The bottle of Sancerre we went with was just perfect.We were stuffed after all the food so we didn't partake in dessert.I also need to give a nod to the service staff. The host was extremely friendly, and our waiter was attentive and helpful.Two cocktails, the fries, two mains and a bottle of wine - $127 before tip. For the caliber of food, very reasonable.I can't wait to go back again.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,8/2/2014,421,166,9,5,7>When I first started coming here, I didn't think too much about it. Perhaps it was my bias towards Extraordinary Desserts. But once I realized I was coming here pretty much once every two weeks and I hadn't been to Extraordinary Desserts in months, I started to admit to myself: this place is pretty damn good.Let me start of with this: MILK AND COOKIES. You're probably thinking, "Really? You come here for milk and cookies?" YES, I do. You're probably thinking, "I can get good milk and cookies anywhere." UM, no you can't. Not like these. Off the top of my head, I cannot think of better cookies. They're baked-to-order and unbelievably soft and moist. They have chocolate chunk, oatmeal raisin, snicker doodle, and chewy chocolate ginger and I love them all. I'm not even a huge fan of chocolate chip cookies, but I will eat a dozen of theirs in one sitting. TRUST ME, just get them.The reason I come here is because it has such a comfortable warmth to it. Every time I go out for dinner, my first thought is to come here because it's always just the perfect end cap to the night. Some of their simple desserts just feel like home to me. I've already talked a handful about the milk and cookies. Their churros are also made to order and served with vanilla ice cream and chocolate dipping sauce. I like them better than Disneyland's and that says a lot. A few of my other favorites are the cake & shake, creme brulee and French macarons. They truly know how to elevate some simple classics. Add a drink from their amazing wine, beer and cocktail menu and it just hits the spot. The only reason why I don't give them the full five stars is because some of their more complex desserts can be hit or miss. For example, the spring break '98 and tropical fandango, which sound immaculate on the menu, come out beautifully presented but are severely underwhelming. This is where Extraordinary Desserts has the heavier hand. If you've just had a deliciously filling dinner out and are looking for some sweets and drinks to end the night, this is your place.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/1/2014,480,944,6,12,9>Swaddee is a bit of a Thai institution on Coronado Island. I have been to Swaddee Thai at least a half dozen times over the past 20 years or so, and every time, it is a wonderful experience w/ great food.The food is very good - Have tried the soups, salads, pad thais, and curries, and they're all very good.  But, last time, had the Pad Pra Mouk w/ shrimp, scallops, fish and mussels, and it wasone of my favorites. Also, had the "Lad Nar" w/ chicken and Thai broccoli, and it was excellent, too.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/2/2013,1428,724,8,12,9>I come here mostly for the (riceless) protein roll, which is a steal at only $8. Most sushi joints charge $10. I also like their ahi poke salad. They also have a beer and sake special for $5.25.Service is quick and attentive - perfect for when you don't have alot of time. Sit at the sushi bar, and you won't have to wait at all since the sushi chefs will make your roll and just hand your order to you. The parking lot is also a bonus since parking in Hillcrest can suck.Overall, a solid place for cheap sushi ($3-$6 a roll). I approve!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,7/1/2013,84,104,4,8,6>When I found out that Queenstown opened up in the neighborhood, I could not wait to check it out.  We decided to stop by for Sunday brunch.  My friend had the papaya and shrimp big bowl.  When I saw it on the menu, the flavors sounded a little strange to me, but they actually went together really well.  It was an inventive and refreshing dish.I had the Queens Market Breakfast.  It was satisfying, but not too heavy - perfect for a Sunday brunch avec blood orange mimosas.The mimosas, by the way, were amazing.  Just the right champagne to juice ratio.  We were tipsy after one and even better after two.  Can't wait to try the dinner menu. . . . sooner rather than later.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,6/30/2013,13,82,4,4,5>Tried Ponce's for the first time today on a lunch date with a friend per her recommendation and discovered the best cheese enchilada of my life, which was definitely not something I would have expected.  They have 5 different lunch combo specials, I got #5 with a cheese enchilada and bean tostada and substituted beans for the rice.  The enchilada was amazing.  I couldn't believe that something that simple could be so good.  I can't really explain what it was about it, maybe the quality of the cheese or the house red sauce, but it was delightful  The tostada was just okay, maybe it would have been better if it hadn't been preceded by the enchilada and the beans  had cheese that was baked on with a nice kind of crispiness that was also really good and unique.  We both ordered Coke so they brought out a carafe of it for the table so we could refill ourselves, which I was thought was cute.  The staff was very attentive and pleasant, even when we finished our food and proceeded to have a gab session (I checked to make sure we weren't preventing others from enjoying the booth).  Definitely want to go back and explore more menu items as well as the margaritas.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,6/29/2013,521,751,6,9,6>5 plus plus plus plus plus STARS. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Let me break it down for you: This place will save your life.Who's life will it save? Let me tell you. -The lazy. -The unhealthy.-The skinny LuLu Lemon wearin' housewife who needs a quick fix for her hungry family of five.  -The fit and inshape meat heads tryin' to keep it lean & mean-The granola loversLook, we all have to eat. We all have dietary needs. We all have goals and maintenance, and we all need more time in the day. FitzeeFoods is all you need. Affordable, prepared healthy meals, catered to any lifestyle. Excellent, helpful, and knowledgeable staff to say the least. THANK GOD FOR FITZEE!!!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/28/2013,160,118,3,13,7>My first experience inside this restaurant/grocer/deli was surreal.  I am not exaggerating when I say that it is one of my top five happy places in San Diego. Not only is the food amazing, as will be described later, but the staff is so friendly and welcoming I don't ever want to leave! For me, the deli is Mona Lisa's selling point.  You can customize your sandwich at least 700 different ways. The menu is a bit overwhelming but everything is so authentic and fresh it doesn't even matter if you know what you order because you will fall in love.  The meats, cheeses, breads, salads, etc are all so amazing.  You can call ahead and your order will be ready when you get there (5-10 minutes TOPS, even during the busy lunch hours!!!) or you can just take a number when you walk in and place your order (7-12 minutes during the busy lunch hours MAX).   HIGHLY recommend the #2! While you wait for your enormous sandwich to be carefully constructed with love and precision, check out the rest of the amazing products in the grocery area.  TONS of olive oils, wines, pastas, and sauces that you could buy everything you need here for a month's worth of cost-effective, fresh dinners.  Did I mention the prices are uncomfortably affordable?! I have paid double or triple what you pay here for smaller portions and lesser quality back east.  Seriously.  This is a Little Italy goldmine.  They also have an attached restaurant if you want to sit down and eat fuller Italian meals.  Again, can't say enough about the quality of food they are serving here.  There comes a time every other month or so when I will only eat Mona Lisa for an entire week.  I actually, physically can't get enough...  It's saying something when a little family-owned place like this has been thriving for 60+ years!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,6/27/2013,213,140,4,7,8>I was so happy to stumble upon Landini's while walking the dog one night. Not only do they have a lovely cedar patio that allows dogs in the back, they make a great pizza too! I was pleased to note the variety of choices. While I always enjoy the white pizza with spinach, my husband is a real carnivore, needing something completely opposite to please his palate.  Landini's delivered on both scores.They offer a great special consisting of 2 slices of pizza and a microbrew draught for $8.50.  The beer was great, I love trying new brews.  On top of it all, service was refreshingly solicitous.  The cashier was hilarious and engaging. I would love to come back. Keep up the good work guys!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,6/26/2013,419,343,7,13,7>This is one of two of my recommended AYCE meat restaurants in SD. It is SD's most recognized churrascaria and one of the city's most recognizable Brazilian restaurants. I recommend this for all different kinds of dining occasions as long as they like meat! Rei Do Gado is not that cheap. Dinner is around $40ish/person, lunch a little less. Lunch has little less of a selection of meats (ie. no rack of lamb) but all the traditional Brazilian specialties are offered. Parking in the Gaslamp really sucks especially now that Horton Plaza has started charging $8/hr and validation is only available to stores INSIDE the mall.The recommended cocktail is their caipirinha - Brazil's national cocktail - think mojito without the mint. Made from cachaça, it is slightly sweet and very refreshing.There's two types of service: the regular waiters dressed in white that will seat you, take your drink orders and check up on you and the people in the blue carrying around the selection of meats. There's a token with two sides - red and green. Green gives the signal to have the meats come to you, red means to stop the meat. Use it wisely.Use discretion on the non-meat offerings. I mean, c'mon, you go to an AYCE meat place to get salad? It's best to skip it entirely. Some leafy greens are good if you don't want to get TOO full. However, I WILL make a concession for the farofa (the toasted grain with little bits of bacon). It's a staple of Brazilian cuisine, especially when eating meat and accentuates the smokiness of the meat. Eat it on the side or put a little on the meat.***THE MEATS (Offerings vary between lunch and dinner. Last visit was around lunch. 15 meats were offered). Most of the meats are grilled in the same style. Here are some of the notable meats offered.Picanha - Top Sirloin cap, usually in garlic. The picanha is one of the staple and quintessential Brazilian steak cuts. The garlic makes it quite flavorful, but its best to eat it with the fat. Linguica (smoked sausage) - Decent. Tough skin, soft inside. This is usually passed around with the chicken, made in the same style with cheese.Beef Ribs/(Costela de Boi?) - Served in a plate as opposed to on a stick. ONE.OF.THE.BEST.freaking.PIECES.OF.MEAT.I.HAVE.­EVER.EATEN. No additional flavors other than the meat. And yes, I will eat the fat.Filet Mignon Wrapped in Bacon - the filet mignon is quite soft.Ham and Pineapple - the ham tastes like regular ham, but the pineapple in cinnamon and honey was superb! The cinnamon and honey reduced the tartness of the pineapple.Pao de Queijo (cheese bread) - OK, I lied, its the one thing passed around that isn't meat. The cheese just melts into your mouth when fresh out of the oven.Other offerings are the tri-tip (maminha), skirt steak/sirloin (fraldinha), ribeye and cupim (rump). The best way to go about this is to pace yourself. Eating here shouldn't be rushed. BTW, the chicken hearts are offered upon request should you actually want to try everything.***The restaurant also serves food at the Brazilian festival every year in PB. Take note that the booth is the single longest line in the entire festival. NOT RECOMMENDED FOR: Vegetarians and people that have to maintain their uric acid intake.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,6/25/2013,379,153,11,15,9>I love this place with all of my heart!!The people who work at Pet Kingdom are knowledgable, patient, and kind. After all, they get paid commission. Hey.. whatever it takes! I have officially become a crazy fish lady, and Pet Kingdom has helped me every step of the way. They told me when it was safe to add fish, advised me which fish went well with what fish, recommended what nutrients to put in my tank and how, etc., etc., etc. These guys don't mess around! Unlike the guys over at Petco who don't warn you ahead of time that if you add too many fish in your tank in the beginning without cycling your tank for at least two months so enough GOOD bacteria can form (obviously, I'm bitter and need to write a negative review on Petco) then all your fish will start to drop dead within a couple of days. I've cried some tears over Petco fish that died due to lack of proper instruction.Don't worry, even though they make commission, they care about your loyalty as a customer and will not recommend making unnecessary purchases and will appropriately warn you when you are making hazardous decisions.Any way, do not waste time at those big chain pet stores, especially when you have a legit one right down the street with people who know what they're doing and will advise you accordingly. Oh, and if you have any questions on what to do, they are patient on the phone, too. Lastly, if you're curious about other animals, yes they have a wide-range variety. They even have a ton of reptiles!! You should check them out!!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,6/24/2013,43,110,4,10,6>Once upon a time Woo Chee Chong was the only place to get fresh Chinese produce, meats and groceries in San Diego. Shopping at one of their many locations was always very special and the day they closed their doors it was difficult to imagine what the future would hold.Fast forward to the present day and it's amazing to think how plentiful and diverse our local Asian markets have come. From 99 Ranch to Yaohan [now Mitsuwa], Marukai and Nijiya...Seafood City...Zion Market and the glorious H Mart...Vien Dong and Thuan Phat Market...there is no shortage of stores to choose from.In all honesty, to say that 99 Ranch Market let itself go over the years would be an understatement. Sure it still offered cheap prices, but at a huge cost [OMG the smell, oh the horrible, horrible lingering smell].Yesterday I was excited to revisit and checkout the renovations for this Taiwanese American grocery store on it's Grand Re-Opening Celebration. My verdict? 99 Ranch has come a VERY long way and cleaned up in ways I never thought possible! Good job 99 Ranch :)
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,6/23/2013,277,261,2,10,5>I love Indian food. I have proclaimed time and again that it's my #1 favorite cuisine, so you can imagine how excited I am to have found a great, dependable, new Indian place downtown. We have a winner!The test of any great Indian place (for me, and probably you) is naan, so let's start there- excellent. Muah. Perfection. Ordered in a mix of specialties for delivery (delivery! downtown dwellers, rejoice!) The food showed up within the window of time I had been promised, delivery was friendly (he didn't have correct change, promised to come back with it later- and did!), and the food is excellent. In addition to truly delicious, home cooked food, they offer it at reasonable prices AND good portion sizes.To get down to the specifics, the samosas are perfection, and the saag paneer and vegetable masala are delicious and fresh. Even the rice tastes straight out of the cooker, which frankly you don't expect on a Sunday night for delivery.  Win win win. Glad I tried it out, and will definitely go in next time to see what else they have up their sleeves.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2009,10/24/2010,280,432,13,12,12>He: What are we doing for Thanksgiving?Me: I dunnoHe: The Del?Me: That was fun last year, but it was hella expensive.So I looked around online and came up with a few choices.  Loews in Coronado sounded promising but did we want to be around a bunch of rich whoremongers?  Not on Thanksgiving.  I suggested here which would give us quite a few characters to watch.  The menu looked good with all the traditional Turkey Day grub till you can't breathe foods.It was $29.95 per person, but if you joined the players club, you received a 20% discount for you and a guest.  The woman who signed me up was nice and funny.  I thought she was somewhere in her 40s, but her hands looked more like she was in her 60s...can we say botox...major botox.  The turkey was moist and juicy.  There was a carving station and then there was a tray at the bar-b-q section.  I say skip the carver because it was just as good.  The funny thing happened when this Asian man cut in front of me.  When the guy behind me protested, he said he was waiting in line, but the line he was in was for the seafood section.  Then he took his sweet time.  Luckily I was in a good mood and just laughed about it.  Then the couple behind me wanted the prime rib "cut thick"...they said this twice, but the carver gave them what she gave everyone.  Come on, it's a fricking buffet...come back for more you fat lazy slobs.  Okay, so my Thanksgiving cheer was starting to wear off.The ribs were good, very tender.  The New York steak was tough, so avoid it.  The brisket was flavorful, crusted with thyme and black pepper.  I didn't like the dim sum and I figured I could get Chinese food any where.  I mostly stuck to the turkey, mash, gravy, and cranberry sauce.  I tried the stuffing but my dad's is the only kind I really like.  I avoided the salad bar at all costs...come on...why eat healthy???For dessert, and you know how I love my sweets, I had pecan pie, tiramasu, pumpkin pie (my mom's is better), lemon tart, and creme brulee.  Their dessert bar is really extensive.  They even had bananas foster and assorted cakes, cookies, and pastries.  We walked out stuffed and wishing there was a couch and tv close by just to lie down.  I was looking for the Wheel of Fortune slot machines and they only had six and of course they were all taken by chain smoking senior citizens.  One of the funniest guys we saw was this old man in a wheel chair, with an oxygen tank, using his cane to spin the slot machine.  I played $10 on the nickel machine, and using my last 23 nickels, won $5.15.  The cashier was funny..."Do you want a five doller bill?  Hey, at least your walking home with something."  This is a fun place to go to.  There's a lot of people to watch, although you can't stare to closely or they give you a dirty look or start to freak out.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,10/23/2010,645,258,17,14,13>Hey this place may not be for everyone but for me it's a place close enough that I can pick up Pattie C and drive to within minutes.  Cover is free, everyone is there to have a good time, not pretentious, and plenty of dancing. What more can I say...The Wrinkle Room has ironed out some of those creases and they've done it without the use of botox.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,10/22/2010,255,397,19,23,24>This is my 200th review and I have decided to review Bubba's Asian BBQ.The challenge is that this is a new place and has no home as yet.  I encountered Bubba's and his BBQ delights today at the Fiesta de los Penasquitos.  From a previous reviewer it appears that they have attended the Scripps Ranch farmers Market in the past.   We asked the people at Bubba's BBQ at the fiesta what the story was and it appears they are planning to open as a local storefront and are looking for a good location.   I am going to ask my next door neighbor to move and suggest that as the ideal location.  Mostly for me, but it is all about me anyway.So, why is this my 200th review?  Pulled pork tacos.  Tender pork nestled in fresh and nicely seared corn tortillas with sweet and fresh mango salsa.  AT A STREET FAIR!   Every part of this tasty dish was a work of art.Bubba, my neighbors are packing tonight,  please be here at 8 am sharp because I need some tasty breakfast tacos.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,10/19/2010,1138,193,17,21,19>OFFICE FRIDAY NIGHTS! Yup! This place is crackin on Friday Nights! Big Ups to DJ Beat Nick for posting a Twitter of Hot DJs from NY & SF in town so I knew it would be a good friday night! Old School Hip Hop & 90s. I love it! You should arrive here before 11pm because lines go long here! It's a Hit or Miss with this place but usually its a diversed crowd other than just asian. Its $5 for cover charge but you can get on the guest list for free just go on their website. It's $6 for mixed well drinks (vodka cranberry).  From 4-8pm they have Happy Hour $1 off drafts wells and calls! There big fans of the Chargers and Lakers so thats a +++The bartenders are cool especially the chick! She has a nice set. I remembered this night it was hilarous  "Mustace for Lovers Party" please watch the video below! Enjoy! vimeo.com/3794657
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,10/18/2010,620,1444,26,24,20>I have a love for California wines but the restaurant is big on French wines so, when in Rhone, do as the French.We thought there would be a bar but there were only tables. So for happy hour, you get to have a table but at happy hour prices. Sounds like a deal. All night happy hour on Wednesday = that warm, oozy, butterfly-in-your-stomach feeling. Review of happy hour:This IS NOT a snobby La Jolla wine restaurant. Customer service is king and queen at Burgundy; yes, like Supercuts , customer service is unisex. Extremely helpful staff (of two). You think, "Hmm, La Jolla wine bar," and I'm sure you conjure up an image of a Jeeves-type man in a tuxedo (cumberbund and all) with Wedgwood bone china. No, not the case. Acid washed jeans, white checkboard Vans, halter top, whatever floats your boat, whatever tickles your pickle; you are all accepted here.Other wine bars will sneer and snicker at you if you can't pronounce "Bourgigone" but here, they just don't care. They just want you to have a good time.MOST SUITABLE FOR: Catching up with friends over wine; not really recommended for a good dinner (have heard mixed reviews). Cute, little cottage and definitely not a place to hang out with the homeboys (if you have any). I came here with two friends and although the restaurant felt like it was 90 degrees inside, we had a great time. The electric fireplace was a bit tacky. It got really hot for everyone; I found the remote and "discreetly" turned it off. My two friends had the Brie Burger and the "red wine flight." They loved their burgers and it came with a side of house-cut fries.  Double- or triple- cream brie? Who the hell cares, it was $9!I had the assorted chef's plate (it was okay). I wouldn't order this again because it was not what anyone would expect. The items were super fresh but weren't paired correctly. Anyways, everything else here made up for this mediocre platter. So again, when in Rhone, do as the French.We were here for a good three hours; time flew by. Water was always refilled, very timely; it was raining outside but hot inside (think Nelly).Although it's a bit too romantic for a first date, this would be a great place to show a girl that you aren't lame. It's also a nice place to take your parents to show them you've matured from the careless, fly-by-night, carpe diem bachelorette you once were. The night we went, it was split ~ 50/50 between couples and friend/family -groups.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,10/17/2010,415,328,6,10,12>Woot! Woot! A super cute new cafe has come to my neighborhood! The food is always fresh and delicious! Most of my meals here have been during breakfast time so I will have to go with reviewing those and come back during the dinner hour sometime. The egg wraps are delicious! They have bacon, grilled red peppers, and other savory vegetables. So good! The fruit in the fruit bowls are always ripe and flavorful. I love the acai bowl with bananas, strawberries and granola. So good! Today I had a bagel with sun dried tomato pesto, sliced tomato, basil, cucumbers and egg whites. Simply delectable! If you want something sweet, they have to die for cakes and cookies too. Seriously this is one of my new favorites in my area!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,10/16/2010,431,494,15,17,16>A group of friends and I came  here to celebrate my bday. What better way to welcome the +1 to my age than a gluttonous feast of dim sum? It's every fatty's dream! At one point our lazy suzy was filled to the edge with dishes on top of dishes of delicious dumplings. After visiting Jasmine, Lucky Star, Emerald and Pearl, I've come to the conclusion that China Max is the best that San Diego has to offer. We ordered:# of orders/dish1 calamari2 har gow2 shrimp sui mai2 pork sui mai1 sesame ball1 custard bun1 bbq pork bun2 chicken feet1 fish in garlic salt1 beef balls2 orders of shrimp with sugar cane1 sweet and sour shrimp lunch special1 bbq pork pastry2 shrimp rice noodles2 beef rice noodles2 bbq pork rice noodles1 spare rib with black bean sauce1 fried taro dumplingAt some point we were slowing down on the eating. We played games like pass the pea to determine who will take the next dumpling and dim sum roulette. No one leaves the table until the food is gone!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,10/15/2010,315,260,8,12,10>I actually don't have anything negative to say (for once).Service = 10 (Jenny is the best, I'm gonna always request to be in her section!!)Food = 10 (Love the cheese plate, fries, & burger)Ambiance = 10 (Gotta love the retro decor and the music is NEVER too loud) Drinks = 10 (the house wines are good)Happy Hour = 10  ($3 draughts, $4 Wells, $5 wine and discounted appetizers M-F)The best night to go is Wednesday during the summer for movies by the pool. I would recommend this place for a ladies night. My girlfriends plan on making this our regular spot this summer.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,10/14/2010,656,263,12,15,14>Wth? 7 check-ins here? I'm such a fattie.Never fear folks, the truck is alive and well! To me, that's a big part of what makes the experience :)Everyone here is so friendly and welcoming. When you drive in and assume there is no parking then go in reverse, they'll run out and wave you to come back in. Once your car is wedged into one of their spaces, then you get to partake in all the yummy goodness that is La Fachada. Immediately your nose is enveloped by the wonderful aroma of delicious food....ooooooh.The carne asada or adobada anything is my favorite: burrito or taco, you choose your poison. The meat is grilled to smokey perfection and they offer a variety of salsas, beans, avocado sauce, grilled veggies and peppers to top it all off. Cool off with an agua; my fave is strawerry/fresa. Mmmm. If you're in the mood for good authentic Mexican food, this place is it. And if you still have room after that monster of a burrito, they also make refreshing fruit salads. For a more decadent treat, head over to Churros El Tigre next door for your sweet tooth fix. Delicioso!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/24/2009,10/13/2010,587,1463,15,15,15>" I would like the Nice panini and the bottomless mimosa please. "  is what I say to our server and she just stares at me so after an awkward pause I repeat my order. Bear in mind Im pronouncing the word Nice the way that I know its pronounced, so that it rhymes with yeast or least. This is after all a French eatery. Again no luck so I decided to test the waters and pronounce the word nice so that it rhymes with ice or rice and lo and behold...she gets it ! Wow.Ordering issues aside, I like this little cafe type eatery. I like the decor, the random color scheme and everything from the expensive paintings on the walls ( which are for sale ) to all of the wrought iron that embellishes the various tables, booths and chairs. It makes for a comfortable setting. The inside of the booths do look a little tight though.The mimosas were not as weak as I had expected and they constantly made the rounds so that your glass was never empty so that was a plus. A minus was my panini. The Nice panini consisted of grilled panini bread of course, a pesto spread layered with lettuce, tomato slices and prosciutto. Sounds like a winner to me as I love prosciutto and I simply cannot get enough of it but this panini disappoints and I'll tell you why.I literally had to gnaw at this panini. Tear it apart like a lion does to his fallen prey in the fields of Africa or how a bear rips apart a salmon once its in the clutches of his/her sharp teeth. I felt a little savage. I never thought that I would ever use the words tough or chewy to describe prosciutto. Prosciutto should practically melt in your mouth . I dissected my panini to make sure that I didnt get a steak sandwich and it was undeniably a pork product but there is no way that it was prosciutto.Ive been here a few times before and Im not going to stop coming back because I do like the place but if thats what they are passing off as prosciutto then I'll make sure to order the other paninis that dont have that meat in it. I'm aware that there are varying degrees of quality for prosciutto and the pricing is adjusted accordingly, but in my opinion they should really describe that Nice panini as a ham sandwich.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2007,4/23/2007,24,32,9,,2>Where to start with an already pretty well established place...Hmmm. It's in Point Loma and being a buffet, the geriatric set are attracted. Avoid the 4-6 pm time period and you'll steer clear of the potato salad and Sanka crew. That said, Souplantation is a much more fresh and inviting version than any buffet than I grew up with. Being a native Midwesterner, the lust for a great buffet is inherent to my breeding stock. Also, I am not ashamed to go to buffets. A lot of native (or transplanted wanna-be's) Californians seem to associate a buffet restaurant with "common folk" and less refined tastes. In San Diego, a hole-in-the-wall taco stand is ok, but a buffet? Isn't that where fat middle Americans go to gorge before returning home to the trailer court?? The answer is yes, but that shouldn't deter you from eating at Souplantation. The negative connotations a buffet conjures are mostly due to the clientele and the quality (or lack thereof) of the fare. Think of a shitty salad bar and 500 different types of carbs (bread, potatoes, pasta) used to fill you up fast and with little cost to the establishment. Souplatation's ingredients aren't exactly gourmet, but they are fresh and tasty. There are all the typical salad toppings and vegetables to be had, a wickedly horrible for you but awesome ranch vat and several prepared salads (potato, a jazzed up macaroni, pesto, etc...) in addition to the many crispy salad toppers (croutons, sunflower nuts, crispy wanton bits). I only have two complaints;1. Put the dressings at the end of the line, NOT in the middle. Only half of your salad is constructed by the time you encounter them. If the restaurant is busy it is not an option to circle back and hit the dressing area again. 2. Please, folks. If you are going to get nothing but a heaping mound of potato salad and egg from the salad part of the buffet, DO NOT BREATHE DOWN MY NECK AS I CONSTRUCT MY SALAD. I am not a pokey person and I am aware of other customers, but it seems the second I get to the dressing area there is some dude who takes a plate, slides down to the prepared salads, dumps the whole tub of macaroni surprise on his tray and then proceeds to give me the  "WTF?" because I actually try an subsist on something other that mayonnaise. All offers I give for them to go around me "cause I'll be awhile" are met with blank stares and continued neck breathing. bah. Next, we can check out the soups and pasta, baked potatoes, "focaccia" (it's pizza, dude) etc..The soups here are good for omnivores as the chicken noodle and chili are extremely popular. As a veggie, the oft-offered mixed vegetable stew is a blend of tomato water and zucchini and squash. It tastes like salty veg. broth with boiled to shit bland-as-hell veggies. gross. Occasionally they will offer a cream of potato soup. It is fantastic w/  a piece of sourdough bread and some butter. As a whole the soups were much better at the old Soup and Salad Unlimited on Sports Arena. AND that place had these randomly placed nice and insanely hot Brazilian chicks working as counter girls and buffet tenders... salad and tossing..OMGROFLLOLTFLAAFA JFJSAJDFKJS;JDV!!1!!1!ANYWAYThere is the baked potato bar w/ sour creme, shredded cheese, chives, butter, bacon bits and the like. Pretty standard and the results are average. The breads are pretty good. As mentioned before, the sourdough is great and the peasant wheat and several varieties of muffins are always tasty, albeit filler. Next, is the "focaccia" pizza which is incredible. I limit myself to a couple pieces a trip, but you have to be aggressive when you partake as there is always one group eating at the place that thinks that it is o.k.  to get a couple of big salad plates and run over to the focaccia stone the second a new one is put out and take the entire pizza back to their table. tacky and rude. The pasta station is reliable for the mac and cheese, Margherita pasta and sausage carbonata selections. The margherita  is ok and the mac and cheese tastes like a slightly better grade school cafeteria version. ok for a small serving, but ultimately, filler as well. The almighty ice cream machine along with fruit compote and pudding rules the dessert area. If you are there during the time of the month they offer cherry cobbler and muffins you can do the cobbler w/ ice cream topping or make a root beer float with the A & W and soft serve. Pure middle-America glory. Please remember that even though this is technically a buffet, the term does not have to mean heat-lamps & stirrup pants. For me, Souplantation sells itself with the fresh salad ingredients and toppings, the focaccia, occasional cobbler, and price. Don't forget your AAA card for a discount.  ...and I'm the one making fun of the elderly...geez.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2006,4/22/2007,33,201,16,5,7>I want to be chased through Horton Plaza. That is all I think about every time I come here. I marvel at the unnecessary ramps, the incredibly steep escalators, the endless array of climbable ledges, and I plan it. "The next time I'm running away from badguys," I say, "I'm definitely leading them here, because I'll lose them so fast they won't believe their beady little eyes."Yes, this place is a labrynth, as Irene so eloquently stated. But I like that. It forces people to use their brains when they go to the mall, to think beyond "How am I gonna fit all this in my trunk?" And I bet they surprise themselves. I bet the almighty power of consumerism turns shoppers into Indiana effen Jones.And what's wrong with a mall being designed like a maze? Aren't all mall-goers, with their Baby Gap bags and Macy's accounts and hot dogs on a stick, just lab rats searching for cheese, anyway? I think so. And I think shopping centers exist for the sole purpose of taking advantage of that. Horton Plaza just goes about it more literally than the others.AV
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2006,4/21/2007,79,135,1,3,2>Ono in Hillcrest is my usual sushi joint (my wife's a huge sushi fan; I like it occasionally). Their stuff is consistently fresh and tasty, and the ambience is good. The people-watching is top notch. They don't take reservations for parties of fewer than eight, but there's a sizable bar area to wait for a table if the place is full.Price is average to high. I don't trust half-price sushi, so maybe the price is a sort of twisted reassurance. My only real gripe: they've got a multi-person men's room (so there's no lockable door), and the door opens right into the room, so people can see me when I'm peeing at the urinal. Kind of disconcerting. Maybe that's a feature though.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2007,4/20/2007,1070,429,6,2,6>Burritos are ok. But the chance that the aforementioned burritos will spin this girl into a bastard ex-bashing rant are high, as are the chances that the staff will applaud that rant. Alcohol helps these chances. Lots and lots of alcohol.I actually have no memory of the food except that the rice was green. Viva Santo Patricio in 2007!If anyone can drum up a better drunk food than an overflowing burrito, I'd like to see it.Pitas? Donuts? Curly fries with ranch dressing? Puhhhhhleeeeease.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2007,4/19/2007,141,66,76,22,20>James Brown got it right: this is a man's world. The kind of world in which a perfectly lovely (and well-kempt, i might add) woman is urged to wax her delicate, blonde netherlands (yes, folks, i mention it, because it's crucial to my story- my ahem down-there hair is light and fine, hardly a bush) while her boyfriend sports a dark, wild thicket befitting as a nesting home for the proverbial san juan capistrano swallows returning for spring. Ah yes, the rites of spring...longer days, flowers in bloom, the smell of fresh wax as it rips across my delicate petals! YEEEOUCH! Holy hell, Batman, this shit HURTS! Don't kid yourselves. What new torture have I signed up for in order to entice my baby to the promised land? And do I really NEED any help enticing him down there? The answer is no. But I did it anyway, and I'll admit, I felt "shiny and new", like singing and crotch-thrusting Madonna's "Like a Virgin" ... after the intense pain, sweating and shock subsided. (I literally could not form cohesive sentences and my driving was a little sketchy after the balding of the muffin).I opted for the "sugar waxing" which costs a little more and supposedly hurts a little less. (You're kidding me, right?) The sugaring was a 20 minute, painstaking process which left me yelping and kicking and seemed more like 2 hours of torture but did leave Her amazingly soft, smooth and silky. To be honest, I have since had a regular wax and loved that it was over in 4 easy swipes of a cloth rather than the 20 that I had to endure with the sugar waxing. However, if you are a glutton for punishment or a sicko who simply enjoys prolonged pain, the sugar waxing will leave you smoother and hair-free for much longer. As for the rest of us ladies, let's band together and bring back the "natural" look. Or better yet, do as I have done and demand your hairier counterpart wax his cue stick, balls and corner pocket as a gesture of good will (and retribution).but, if you absolutely MUST endure this bizarre mating ritual, they'll do a good job at the place where they'll make your kitty look pretty.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2007,4/18/2007,37,12,2,6,8>Most people stop short of Tony's instead opting for a visit to their less than comparable neighbor, Fidel's.  I will admit that I too used to make this same mistake but have since learned the error of my ways.Tony's Jacal (Tony's Shack for the Spanish illiterate) is hands down the best non-"hole in the wall" Mexican restaurant in San Diego.  The prices are right and the food is always top notch.  Personally, I think they may put crack cocaine in their beans (not refried) because they are truly amazing (and I usually don't care for beans).  Next to a place in Arizona called Carlos O'Briens, they also have the best salsa on earth.  And if the food isn't enough, the atmosphere is also top notch.  The staff wears traditional outfits (women in dresses and men in Cuban smoking type shirts).  And if you are of legal drinking age, the bar is definitely worth a visit as it has a dive type vibe.  I have had numerous parties here and they are great with accommodating and looking after large groups.  When in big groups they bring around a cart and make you pay when your drink arrives.  While this may seem like an inconvenience, its actually a great idea.  As you probably know, someone usually gets stuck picking up portions of everyone else's tab.  As a result, this helps minimize your chance of inadvertently paying for your friends drinking problem as well.If the above has yet to win you over, let me leave you with this last little tid bit of information.  Myself (and my parents who now live in Arizona) make it a point to visit Tony's EVERY time we are in San Diego.  Hell, it's almost lunchtime, my stomach is growling, and I'm tempted to take the rest of the day off just to make the two-hour drive from Los Angeles and grab some food.  I should probably stop typing....
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2007,4/17/2007,465,700,7,7,9>Hell yes!Big Ass Margaritas!Bottomless Chips!Even while you wait you can dine on these delicious treats.  They have an outdoor patio that has tons of seating that everyone wants.  They also have an indoor seating area that has tons of seating that everyone else wants.  This place is great for groups.  I went here all the effin time in college for countless birthdays.  Seriously...i cant even count how many.  We always sat outside.  The SD weather and the heat-lamps let us sit comfortably. Old town has a great charm to it, and for me this was always my favorite place in this historical area.  The food portions are ginormous, and i usually ended up splitting a dish, but its great the margaritas are so big, cuz i know that beans and rice make me thirsty!  Expect a wait.  Everyone else wants to eat here too. I miss this place.  Serious nostalgia going on right here.  *flashback about to start.  doing wavy hands like Wayne and Garth used to.  do do do. do do do.* I remember my ex-boyfriend had this aversion to sharing food.  So when i wanted a bite of his albondigas soup and i told him this as he was ordering, he told me to get my own.  I didn't see the point in ordering my own bowl just for a bite so i opted just to say screw it, id try albondigas soup for the first time at another time.  Our food comes, he keeps his word and does not let me taste his delicious steaming bowl of soup, and I just start eating my tasty burrito.  The next thing i know he is reaching over my plate, and EATING MY BURRITO!!!  Hypocrisy at its finest, but i guess that says something about the quality of the food here.  Even the ones who never learned to share require a bite of everything.  One of the many reasons as to why he is my ex.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2007,4/16/2007,288,330,1,4,5>This is one of the best boutiques in La Jolla to get some really cool/trendy clothes and awesome hoodies [the kind of clothes where you pay EXTRA for the holes]. A lot of the pieces are almost TOO trendy, but since there are so many shirts, you will be able to find something fantastic. I bought a shirt with a picture of the Virgin Mary with a guitar, and an inscription "St. Maria - Thee Patron Saint of Gnar Guitar Solos"... which is actually really cool in a non-blasphemous kind of way.Now, even though this store has an INSANE selection of shirts, they don't have much of everything else [a few denim brands, a few pretty frilly shirts, but that's about it], and the t-shirts average about $50 a piece... so... Come here for supercool shirts, and don't expect much more.The t-shirts are amazing though....
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2007,4/15/2007,254,186,4,8,5>i want badly to love this place. . . but, i can't. the reason? i choughed up twentyfour bones for the scallop special. 3 jumbo scallops arrived on my plate, all of them over cooked. dry and rubbery are not qualities i adore with seafood. :(i asked if i could have butter (as in one of the 3 marnidaes they offer) with my crab cocktail - and they said no? when tears rolled to my eyes, the server managed to find some after about 20 minutes. isn't the customer always right??? i did like the wine selection and the seafood market looked great. but, if im going to spend $24 on an entree i expect more. next time i'll try the yellowtail sandwich or fish taco's. simple may be better here.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2007,4/14/2007,69,225,7,4,4>Yay for monkeys spanking it!Yay for that horny camel that humps the trees! He's a must-see!Yay for getting in fo' free cause my sissa had guest passes from being a zoo member!Yay for the cute meerkats scurrying about!Yay for giraffe lickins!Yay for the well endowed zebra and every visitor making a comment about his package!Yay for precious, painting pachyderms!Yay for angry chimps who scare the crap outta visitors by charging the glass.YAY for the HUGE variety of animals! You can't even fit them all in one day!Boo on the small enclosure for the black panther, he was pacing up and down. They probably rotate out enclosures, but I still felt bad for him.Boo for the gift shop and it's redonkulous prices and crowdedness.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,4/27/2011,413,327,28,16,14>After all the blurry nights swimming through a sea of sweaty graphic T's and flip-flops in the tempest of the Gaslamp, the most refreshing thing happened! I finally felt like I fit in wearing tailored clothing. Thank you Prohibition. This is how it happened. There was a group of local San Diegan bro's and their "ladies" (I use that loosely) standing in front of Prohibition. They were dressed to the 9's in graphic T's, skate shoes, ripped jeans, hats -- pretty much any attire you can imagine would not be allowed into reputable establishment in a real city. They put out their cigarettes (of course they all were smoking simultaneously, because they're all edgy, cool and unique), fumbling with the latch on the gate in front of the door. Finally one of the rocket scientists manages to open the gate and they all huddle together with their IDs out like baby birds awaiting the mother robin to regurgitate a stamp on their wrist, as they are accustomed in these parts. They waited expectantly, vying for space, perhaps the strongest bro hoping for the first and juiciest stamp. Alas, no stamps were regurgitated. Instead, the girl at the door looks one particularly under-dressed bro up and down and says seven beautiful words: "I'm sorry, we have a dress code." The bro makes a thizz face and looks around, perhaps expecting a reality show host will step out and everyone on set will cheer, telling him it was all a joke, winning the prize trip to South Jersey. Unfortunately for you bro, not everywhere is a freakin' beach where you go find a grenade to smush while wearing a white Haine's tank-top.The group made comments like "Wow that's lame" and "I guess we'll go somewhere else." That's too bad for them, because Prohibition is awesome inside. It's underground and extends under the street, and there are comfy leather booths and small tables with stools. The bar is overwhelming and bright, and the band plays tunes they've been playing for decades. The bassist winks at the pianist and you know you're finally in the Gaslamp as it was intended: clean, smart, exciting. Or you could just go to Deco's: dirty, stupid, life-threatening. You decide.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,4/26/2011,761,1572,8,12,10>I've struggled to find great Hawaiian food and plate lunches in San Diego...no more...Island Style Cafe will be my new go to for such cravings.First off, my family has been making mac salad with tuna for years.  I've never had it at a restaurant before today.  Sounds gross, but adds such a nice salty layer of flavor.  Yum!  (By the way, even though I LOVE the mac salad, double mac salad is too much in my opinion)Korean Chicken vs. BBQ Chicken - both were good but I'd definitely choose the Korean.  Sweet, tangy, and crispy...perfection.  Fried rice was alright.A good selection of flavors for shaved ice.  Don't forget to add ice cream to it, we didn't know they offered it and regretted not asking.They offer beer and wine which is awesome.  I must try their tropical mimosa next time!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,4/25/2011,228,236,13,11,12>So I pretty much live way too close to this place.  In fact, I can walk here.  That being said, I deprived myself of the goodness for a year.. just walking past it day in day out. to quote FOTC:"If every soldier in the world.. put down his weapon; picked up a woman.. what a peaceful world this world would be"youtube.com/watch?v=BLJ5…Well, if there weren't enough women to go around..Some slices of cheesecake from here would suffice.Do you love yourself?Do you like cheesecake and pumpkin?Get your ass over here for the seasonal before it's gone.  Then pat yourself on the back.  For making a smart decision.Thank me later :)
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,4/24/2011,597,654,7,13,14>I always keep my car windows rolled down every time I drive by here. Ever notice when you visit this beach, your problems and worries seem to go away? That job you lost, that explosive argument you had with your spouse, that special loved one who died recently.... a visit to Torrey Pines helps you turn to that new Chapter in your life. It helps you put things back into perspective and turn that frown upside down. Staring to the horizon, to the sunset, to the lonely sailboat slowly cruising to it's destination. Sitting alone on the damp sand or on the rocks.... with the cool, misty ocean air blowing in your face. Through your hair (if you have hair). You then close your eyes and reset. Symbolically, you find out you're just a lonely grain of sand in this big beach. Torrey Pines is here for you.... and for all of us to treasure.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2010,4/23/2011,314,412,11,11,10>I've been to U31 a few times....First time: It happened to be a birthday party for a popular DJ (Chris W.), it was a full house, there was a line, and we had to pay cover. Eh...We were probably in line longer than we were inside U31.Second time: A birthday party, me playing party planner, I kept in touch with Steve B. who accommodated our party and we got down to business, with our so-called "bottle service." It wasn't my birthday but it was fun getting drunk and dancing with a few friends. Edgartronic was DJing too :) Third time: Kind of/Sort of went on a bar crawl for 30th on 30th..we ended up at U31 (what they're not on 30th street), shhh $3 wells, calls, beer, and wine I wouldn't complain. It was pretty "dead" everyone was sitting at the bar, someone was DJing already it was 745pm...hanging out with my girls we decided to sit at a booth and just chill, we were later joined by Sarah and Wilmar. They stopped serving the $3 specials at 8:30 but the drinks were still cheap. $4-6, isn't bad compared to what you pay in Gaslamp, and they're made 'strong'It happened to be "Michael Jackson Tribute Night,' during a restroom break we decided to leave before it got crazy, lucky us when we stepped out they had turned off the center lights and had the disco ball spinning. That was our cue. Lots of TVs.I wish women knew how to flushed toilets. Seriously.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,4/22/2011,422,258,13,14,11>Some may call this a men's fashion store.  I'm going to step it up and say it's a fine men's clothiers.  Possibly a haberdashery.You won't find thrift-store items here, nor will you find thrift-store prices.  What you will find is attire for the man of distinguished taste, for both formal and informal occasions.They have a wide range of suits, dress slacks and shirts, and also more casual clothing, suitable for sipping 20-year scotch at the club.  And as is to be expected of a store that specializes in such clothing, they pride themselves on exceptional service, offering in-store tailoring and custom fitting of suits.  I've bought all of my suits here, and I make an annual pilgrimage to this distant store for updates to my dress slacks and shirt selections in my wardrobe.  I've tried other stores, but only Patrick James consistently has what I need.  Granted, I usually have to wait until they are having a sale, but it's worth it.If you've never been there, I highly recommend a visit.  Just be sure to bring either a very full wallet, or a well-heeled credit card.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,4/21/2011,637,268,15,15,13>One thing that I found slightly amusing at this place (yelp.com/biz_photos/hMvc… yelp.com/biz_photos/hMvc…) was one of their menu signs. The top stated,"Fresh Daily," with everything underneath being their pollo items. However, the other menu did not mention anything being "Fresh Daily" so I wondered if they serve day-old (week-old?) carne asada.I asked if the potatoes in the Breakfast Burrito were fries and I was told no even though they ended up being fries. The fries weren't all that good so I picked out most of them to salvage what was left.The girl behind the counter was very nice while the guy in the kitchen kept his eyes on me while I had my camera in hand. As I was looking out their window into the parking lot, some guy walking by put his mouth on their front door and did the blowfish face. He then kept walking like it was a normal thing for him.Pollo asado burrito (with beans and cheese only) # 43 -yelp.com/biz_photos/hMvc…Carne asada burrito (with beans and cheese only) # 94 -yelp.com/biz_photos/hMvc…Breakfast burrito # 106 -yelp.com/biz_photos/hMvc…Bravo to Bravo's for their carne asada and pollo asado. A shrug of the shoulders for their breakfast burrito.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,4/20/2011,2030,893,12,20,19>If I lived closer to this market, this would be a regular stop of mine. For my bay area Yelp friends, this place is a lot like Andronico's back home. A local and family owned market that offers quality product and delivers great service. The prices here are a tad bit higher than you'd find elsewhere but you get what you pay for. What I love most about this place is their meat and fish counter. Great selection of protein and it's super fresh. They also have a large selection of prepared food to purchase at the deli and they make a pretty good sammy. It gets pretty crowded so you pull a number and you'll most likely have to wait a bit to have your number called. I've purchased many desserts from here over the years. My favorite item here are the cannolis and the rugelach. They are both very good and won't disappoint. Try them.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,4/19/2011,587,1463,11,12,10>As my constituents and I leisurely drove up the grand and scenic 101 highway in my black sedan with the glorious sun shining down on us, the gentle breeze caressing the skin under the light apparel that we had fashioned ourselves in earlier that day and Bach's Goldberg Variations playing quietly in the background,  I pondered with ever increasing reproach at the notion of indulging in a libation or three as we arrived at our destination. The Lumberyard Tavern and Grill. Situated in what is commonly referred to as a strip mall. This most certainly was a mall and yet I happened upon no one stripping. A truly misleading moniker if I do say so myself. Shame, really. There's a deluge of dazzling denizens in Encinitas, particularly variations of graceful cougars and their younger siblings, the comely yet elusive pumas.I managed to acquire " rockstar "  parking. A colorful term alluding to the undeniable evidence that we had indeed taken possession of temporary vehicular real estate guaranteeing a minimalistic jaunt and distance between ourselves and the entryway, where a trinity of bar stools awaited our bountiful posteriors.As I glanced upon the bar, my heart is heavy with contrition.These exquisite bottles of god sent elixirs continue to  taunt my sleepless nights with darkness and reprehension for days on end. Pretty pretty black dream, your lips I hunger for and I want it and I need it. Your kiss will set me free.Greater men have endured unspeakable acts of renunciation and have suffered through lengthy trials and tribulations of the heart. I however will succumb to the lovely aroma of superior spiritus frumenti and the alluring sound of the cap being twisted off or ice being placed in a rocks glass.Am I so intrinsically weak ? Are my cravings that debilitating that I can no longer choose between angels and demons involved in a consummate battle for my teetotalism ? This internal strife of mine has become both exhausting and loathsome. Deplorable, really. Barman descends upon me. " What' ll you have buddy ? "" I would like a WATER and an avorizo burrito please. "The Avorizo Burrito should be celebrated as Halloween is celebrated. Children should sing of its greatness in classrooms. Scholars should scribe essays. Poets should compose sonatas and arias of its beauty. It is truly ambrosial. Luscious diced avocado, spicy ground chorizo and delicately scrambled eggs enveloped and tightly wrapped in a warm tortilla and served in conjunction with seasonal fruit. I would have fancied it a bit more if it were spicier but thats simply my personal preference.A lovely entree that unconditionally, unquestionably and unequivocally would have paired well with 12 year old scotch or a quality rye, neat of course.C'est fini.Wow, I have way too much time on my hands tonight. Pontificate much ?
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,4/18/2011,415,328,15,20,18>These guys are the shizniz of print shops! I recently had a fundraiser for the Susan G Komen 3 day breast cancer walk that I do every year. I thought it would a great fund raising idea to sell t-shirts at the event. I contacted the guys at Let it Ride and they hooked me up! I told Aaron what I wanted the shirts to say. He created an awesome design for me and emailed it to me for my approval. Once I approved the design, I put down the deposit and the shirts were quickly made! Overall everyone at the shop was very professional and handled my order perfectly. I could not be happier with their product! Thanks Aaron, Javier and Brad for helping me out with my fundraiser. You guys are the best!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,5/6/2009,88,58,22,16,16>As my little muchacha and I pulled into Tony's private parking lot in our horse drawn carriage, we were hoping for an ambiance that reminded us of an old comfy den. Tony is obviously a decorator after our hearts. He knows not to skimp on wood paneling. We walked in and the hostess said, "Holla", which I guess was a way to bridge the gap in ages. No need I thought in my mind, I am just like you, just better dressed and free from those tyrannical wrinkles that envelope our bodies over time. We hit the bar since the hostess said the wait was about bentay sink-ohs. "Yeah whatever soul sister", I said, "we have all the bentay sink-ohs in the world". She was really trying hard to impress I thought, since it seemed like she was now making up her own hip phrases. We ordered a few drinks at the bar. I got a beer and the server gave me a glass with it. He must have known from my looks that I really like whiskey because the glass sure tasted like it. Thanks bud, I will remember that next time. Well "bentay sink-ohs" came and we sat down to order. The menu was "Grand-eh" as they say in Mexico. It took us longer to order than it took our food to come out.  Totally awesome, but very suspicious at the same time. I now know who the boss is, and it is obviously Tony.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2008,5/5/2009,519,365,20,25,22>I was feeling hungry, after spending most of the morning talking about ADOBO on one of the Yelp threads.  So, to satisfy the craving, I decided to try the newly opened Lisa's, in Eastlake.  After telling others of my jaunt, I was prompted with a few questions:X: How many stars will you give Lisa's, Rianne?Mike: What did you order?Again, from Mike:  So how old was that cashier?????? (Perv!)A typical point-point joint, you pick at what's available in steam trays, on the counter. I counted about 15+ hot food items to choose from.  Item options are subject to change.  I ended up getting two 2-item combos. A rice combo will cost you $6.00.  For 50 cents more, you can pick up a combo with pancit.  The cool thing that I like about the place is that they have HOT pandesal, in the afternoon!  Something unheard of in any of the Filipino bakeries, in SD.  It was funny how the server, an older Filipino guy, was tempting me to try the hot pandesal ($2.50/dozen), that I just ordered.  Of course, I couldn't really think of a way to politely take out my retainers, in public.  So, I declined, even though the scent of pandesal teased my senses.Food is on par, in regards to price. The food is good.  Not bad, not great, but good.  Along with the pandesal, I ended up ordering pork adobo, chicken apretada, sisig  and ukoy.There were only two things wrong with my visit.  First off, the underaged teenage (ahem....Mike) cashier slipped, when she rang up my order.  She initally charged me for 1 combo and a side of meat ($3).  Then, she rang me up a second time for the 2nd combo, but omitted the pandesal.  I got charged .50 cents more than what I bought.  But, it was my bad for not paying attention and I didn't realize the mistake until I got home.  Oh wells.  The second thing was that the adobo was sweet.  Not sweet, as in sweeeeeeet!  Sweet, as in, sugar sweet!  It may work for some people, but not me.  Damn, this means that my pork adobo craving has not yet been satisfied. =/I'm more inclined to give the place a 3 1/2 stars, especially since the staff was ever, so friendly.  They do have generous food portions.  They offer a variety of Filipino dishes, as well as, desserts.  A good thing to keep in mind is that they only accept cash.  Also, beware of the limited amount of seating.  The place has can probably accomodate a dozen people or so max.Oh yeah...and the pandesal tasted as good as it smelled.  Delicious!  I know this for sure because I ripped out my retainers, once I got into the car.  I couldn't shove them into my pocket fast enough, before I literally inhaled the slightly sweet, hot roll.Maybe I'll give this place another try to see if my opinion of the place changes.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,5/4/2009,301,336,53,28,33>I had Bronx Pizza for the first time yesterday after a particularly good surfing session in Cardiff.  As I drove past the restaurant on Washington on my way home, something just seemed so right about going in and grabbing a couple of slices and a soda...so I did it.  But something strange happened to me...   Yo, I stawted tawkin' like I'm from da mudda fuggin' Bronx ovah hea.  Dat's right, da fuggin' Bronx.  You gots a prawblem wit dat?  Good.  Sos I walked inta Bronx Pizza and I says to da fuggin' guy behind da counter, "How you doin'? Gimme two slices, one Porko (which was pepperon, sawsage an' meatbawls) an' one a dem mushroom ricawtta slices."  Da guy behind da counter says to me, he says, "You want a drink wit dat?  It's da special."  I looked at him an' says, 'You talkin' to me? Cuz I thought you was talkin' to me."  An' he says, "Yeah douchebag I was talkin' to youse...you wanna fuggin' soda wit yer pizza?  It's only six bucks for two slices an' a soda."  Sos I says to him "Yeah gimme a soda wit dat too."I pulls out my billfold and gives da guy a twenty.  Dey don't take caads or checks at Bronx sos make sure you bring yer cash.  While I was waitin' I walked around the joint lookin' at all de Yankees memorabilia - go fuggin' bawmers!  Dey also got pitchas of good Eyetalian guise an' all kindsa shit from New Yawk on de walls.  Dey got a good thing goin' awf over der, dose guise do.My slices?  Dey came up fast, hawt and tasty.  Dem slices were youge!  Massive slices, I'm tellin' ya.  The mushroom ricawtta was prawbably my favorite.  As I walked back to da caw, I folded it in half and started goin' at it.  "Mangia bene" as my dea' mama used ta say.  The flavas of da mushrooms, da sweet ricawtta and da white sawse were fuggin' good togedda.  I washed it down wit some Bawq's root bea.  I saved de Porko slice for when I gots home.  I savored da spicy meat slice with red sawse on a crispy, thin crust.  Molto bene an' abbodanza an' all dat shit!  It was fuggin' good too.Sos heas the question...Which slice is betta in San Diego, da Bronx or Luigi's?  I don' know nothin' 'bout nothin' but dat's a hawd fuggin' question buddy, I'm tellin' ya.  Dey both fuggin' rock de house wit dey slices dat taste jus' like dey got shipped hea from New Yawk.  I guess it's just comes down ta yer personal fuggin' preference.  You wanna try ta answer dat question ya mook?Fuggin' fuggedaboutit.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,5/3/2009,98,39,14,16,15>Disclaimer: This review is incredibly long-winded. When it comes to beer I become quite the chatty cathy. I apologize in advance.I ordered Ballast Point's Sextant Stout on nitrous at O'Brien's yesterday, and was sorely disappointed. Remembering that I keep an empty Ballast Point growler in my truck at all times, a friend and I decided to give Ballast Point a chance to redeem itself by taking a pilgrimage to the brewery in Scripps Ranch. This was my first time visiting the Scripps Ranch location (I frequent the Home Brew Mart location), so I was surprised that I was able to find the brewery so easily from just glancing at google maps once about a week ago. I expected to get lost in the labyrinthine industrial enclave for at least a short while, necessitating several U-turns and ample cursing. But I found it easily, thanks more to dumb luck than favorable location. The facade was rather unassuming and easily overlooked if it weren't for the large brewery tour bus parked outside and the giant flag on the sidewalk advertising the beer mecca within. We walked in and were pleased by what we found. The entryway led to a small pub-ish tasting room with a few belly bars and a small counter without stools. The chalkboard on the adjacent wall clearly divulged the available beers, their abv, flavor profile, and price. Having filled my belly repeatedly with Calico and Yellowtail for the last few years, I immediately opted for the Sea Monster Stout. This 10% Imperial Stout quickly exonerated Ballast Point with its bold roasted barley kick in the pants. The smooth, creamy chocolate finish made my taste buds sing (I'm not kidding, it was awkward for all involved). Aside from the lack of seating, the tasting room was a pleasing environment with plenty of solid leaning options--that was until the brewery tour group emerged from the brewery. I'm as big a drunk as they come, but I'm usually a bit put-off by people who initiate conversations who are clearly not in any state to hold an intelligible dialogue. On top of that, it was 4pm and I wasn't quite at that stage in my daily drinking binge yet.The brewery tour group transformed the tasting room from a sleepy refuge for beer geeks into a raucous hen house of sorts, with the collective din of drunken chatter drowning out all other attempts at socializing. I kind of liked it though. It did my heart good to see San Diegans actually enjoying the world-class breweries right in their back yard, and getting completely shit-canned on good beer and not driving immediately after. Bravo.My only beef with Ballast Point (besides their Sextant Stout) is their pricing. I understand that good beer costs money, and I'm obviously willing to entertain that because I bought three bottles of Victory at Sea at 8 bucks a pop, but I don't think a growler refill of Big Eye IPA should set you back $14, and I certainly don't think special releases should cost $22. Everything else about this superb craft brewery is top notch, and if you haven't visited yet, get thee to a nunnery...or Ballast Point.    (By the way, the Victory at Sea is absolutely mind-blowingly awesome. Probably one of my all-time favorite Imperial Porters. Drink it!)
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,4/30/2009,472,335,19,21,23>The Cajun seasoned rib eye chop, or bone-in rib eye, or the cowboy rib eye.  Over one pound of prime beef basking in its own marbled awesomeness.  Flavors so familiar but so extensively developed that with each substantial bite of it, you understand the steak a little bit more, but not entirely until you finish it.  The meatiest part, adjacent to the bone, cooked medium, was firm but comforting, just like your father when you've had a bad day.  When he gets too heated up, he gets tough, but today he was the right kind of tough.The lip of the cut -- the outside two inches separated by an epic flavor belt of beef fat -- was daring, bold, salacious, flirtatious.  It offered everything you wanted until you realized that you wanted more.  It was the Turkish delight of The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe.  It was the Mirror of Erised.  It was that Lady GaGa song that you never tired yourself of.  And when you make peace with it... when you finish your twenty ounces of the most delicious cut of meat that your taste buds will ever be privy to... you think about what an experience you've had, and you enjoy it.  You have this unadulterated magical moment, just like how Ted Mosby should have kept it with Victoria the baker.I have my memories for now.  But when my memory will start to fail me and I forget how my rib-eye chop tasted, I will desperately scrounge up the fifty clams and drive back to Donovan's to refresh said memory.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,4/29/2009,1800,266,23,24,25>FINALLY TACOS AGAIN!I have been wanting these tacos seriously since the very first time we went there.FINALLY, after the bike store trip we decided it was an opportune time to indulge.And indulge we did.I will say...Friday night happy hour is NOT the time to go for tacos. Ahh shocking?I once again got the 'Texas ID' eyebrow raise, excuse me. It was stupid crowded and way loud and I didnt like people hovering over us wanting our seats. It made me feel very hostile.Otherwise...as far as our foods were concerned:Calamari taco: not as great as last time. EhMahi taco: pretty good. Huge piece of Mahi so you really got to savor it.Carne asada taco: very eh, glad I just got a bite of the bfs and didnt actually order my own.Fried mushrooms: AMAZING. We have a winner. They were so hot and so incredible. FAT.Girl.HEAVEN.Service was a little lacking, presumably because of ridiculous amount of people that were crammed in there. We got our appetizer at the same time as our tacos. Whatever. At least we got them both huh?Will be returning as soon as I lose the 17 pounds of fat I acquired throughout the course of this dinner, thank you!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2009,4/28/2009,620,1444,23,16,18>Bangity bang after a long night of partying to finish off the night? Pul-lease. Instead, I want a combination plate #6 and a large horchata. Tuck the girlfriend or boyfriend into bed and sneak out with your buddies for some Mexican grubbing. Forget hot, steamy you-know-what, I want hot, steamy shredded beef tacos with rice, beans, and chips on the side! I'm so gangster that I use a spoon to scoop up all the shredded cheese that fell off my taco. Pinkies up!!My fairy tale fantasies are fulfilled here. Forget the glass slippers, I want the fairy godmother to bring some sketchy grilled scallions and salsa verde w/ real avocado chunks. Pubic hair in them? Probably but who cares, 90% of Santana's patrons are drunk. I would prefer an achiote chicken burrito over 8 minutes of bagpiping any day of the week. Achiote chicken burrito = my Achilles heel. Athletes drink Gatorade after a hard workout; I eat Santana's after a hard night of partying. No night in PB is complete without a finishing touch at Santana's. Add to that Pink Floyd playing from the jukebox, the grilled scallions that everybody's touched but remains delicious, and the burn-your-butthole spicy hot sauce, it's almost magical.You'll regret it in the morning via a burning asshole, squirts, and pissed off roommates because the toilet seat has brown marks all over but all worth it. Don't be disgusted, it's happened to you and you know it. Can anyone say, "Turtlehead?" You'll say to yourself, "Damn, what a great night. Youth is wasted on the young and you know what, I ain't got no regrets." (Excuse my horrible grammar)."Oh hey, can I try some of your carne asada nachos? I've never had them here." - Whoever says that is the biggest liar in the world. At Santana's, it's each man for himself (or herself).
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2009,4/27/2009,184,125,59,39,35>Fill Up Yer Spank Bank for $42! Ya, that's right. I went to The Tubs.  And I can't wait to go back. The front desk lady collects your rental fee and shows you the available jacuzzi rooms. Each one has a different theme painted on the walls. I saw outer space, desert mountains, and we selected the mushroom forest. So 70's style! She suggests you shower with the provided soap before getting into the spa. I like that... scrub off that layer of grease and grime before "tainting" the pool.  Fire up the bubbles, dim the lights and get to work!*We polished off a bottle of wine before we arrived - highly recommendedMy husband and I had a great time. We left totally chillaxed. Now, this isn't a high-end spa, so if you're expectations are realistic, you won't be disappointed. The place seemed sanitary. Old, but clean. Only cons - our CD player didn't work in our room, and they charge 0.75 for an extra towel. We will be back... Oh yeaaaaaaa *pervy*
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,4/26/2009,243,302,15,12,12>So I went in yesterday and got a haircut with Pam. After this kind woman offered me a beer I jumped into her chair, and out came the scissors. It usually takes me about a week before I like my haircut. I dont know what kind of magic this Pam lady did but I really admired it the minute I got home and looked in the mirror. "Damn I look Good", I yelled out loud, somewhere a small dog cried. Most places cut your hair then kick you out like bad smelling garbage. Pam took care of me, cleaned me up, made sure every loose hair was a part of the past. Even rinsed my hair at the end to make sure. I could have gone on a job interview afterword, I felt that confident. Definitely coming back in a few weeks to get rid of my stupid duck tale that grows overnight. I liked Rinse! Whooweee!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,4/24/2009,1102,292,18,18,19>IT'S MY 100TH REVIEW, SO I'M GONNA TO CELEBRATE BY GETTING MY HAIR DID!  (I KNOW!  IT'S NOT MANLY AT ALL BUT THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS SOMETIMES!)Wow, 100 reviews on Yelp!  Yeah for me!  Celebration starts now!  Cue music...."ooh ooh"  Where's my glow sticks?  Where's my cake?  Where's my party?  Anyhow, I had to go get a haircut and headed out to the girl who knows my hair front and back!  She has cut, colored, and styled my hair for about 7 years now!  (WOW!  One of the longest relationships I have had with a woman!  LOL)  I love the fact that I can see Desi and she knows what to do with my hair without me saying a word.  She is very cool like that and very creative.  I know women like to trust their stylist and very rarely switch.  All I have to say is if you need a new hair girl and want someone who knows what they are doing, who you can trust, and who can give you EXACTLY what you want, you need to see my girl Desi at the Hair and Body Bar Salon!  Now, that I got my hair did and I'm looking pretty darn SEXY, where is my party to celebrate my 100th review!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,2/22/2014,288,286,7,13,11>Not as big as Mitsuwa but they have everything that I need when I'm looking for certain products.  I usually come here for the fresh sushi and/or alcohol.  I came by on New Year's eve to get a bottle of lychee sake because I heard they sell them here.  The price of the bottle was $11 and some change BUT if you have a membership, the cost of the bottle would be $4 off.  When I got to the counter to pay, I asked the gentleman how much the membership was and he indicated that it was $10/year.  Not bad considering that bottle of lychee sake was $4 off.  I thought about getting it but before I made up my mind, the worker said, "You don't need it.  I'll give you the discount."  Score!They have good selection of fresh sushi/shashimi, teas, rice, etc.  Only thing that sucks about this place is limited parking since this area shares parking with the other 2 Marukai stores (Living & Value).
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,2/21/2014,256,133,23,18,18>It's true.  I could go for the low-hanging fruit and make a bunch of puns about the restaurant's name.I could say things like this place used to be named "Is Albie's Beef All the Way Inn?" or mention something about a curtain...but I'm not going to do that.  I respect Albie's too much to be that immature.  So I DEFINITELY won't be making any Al B. Sure references or anything like that.What I will do is COMMEND Albie's Beef Inn for being awesome......and I can tell you how I feel about them night (or nite) and day.I hope they believe me when I say I careThat (if it had any) I would run my fingers through its hairBaby, if you closed, I could not bearSo, Albie's, if you love me, please let me knowDon't hide that feeling, just let it showA feeling so deep that comes withinWhat kind of love am I inNite and Day, Albie's.  Nite and Day.I can tell you how I feel about you nite and day.But...as it is day right now, I'll just tell you during the day.  You rock.  LOVE the it's now so old that it's cool again decor...love how nice every, single person is...love that you have chilled plates...love the (tasteful) booby pictures EVERYWHERE...Just love it.  And...I LOVE your name!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,2/20/2014,1428,724,9,16,13>My favorite little coffee shop to escape to in OB. I've always had this connection to the ocean.  So the fact that you can prop open your laptop and have a direct view of the beach in the background is pretty much Southern California heaven, at it's finest.They have lots of affordable soup, salad and sandwich combos for around $7. Their corn chowder is BOMB. Service tends to be slow but then again, this is OB so nobody is really in that much of a rush.Seating is plentiful, both inside and outside. And service is always friendly. The staff might want to consider not allowing people to extend their laptop cords in the aisles, though. It seems like a trip-hazard waiting to happen.Overall, this is a cute, cozy escape with killer views and friendly service :)
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,2/19/2014,304,82,12,19,18>Dan Diego'sOh man..it is places like these that warms the dark, barren and frigid wasteland of an organ that monotonously thumps inside of my chest. Family owned and family operated.  Food made with pride and served with humbleness.  A beer menu that would rival any big box pub.  Outdoor seating with sunset views.  Large portions for a small fee.  Dan Diego's will become a staple for me as I have some family in the area now.  Rice n Beans with fresh in house corn beef, money.  Half a chicken dinner, perfectly seasoned (I would have ate the bones if I was by myself).  Shepard's pie, filling and flavorful.   Come here with an appetite and leave satisfied.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,2/18/2014,231,311,7,23,10>Happy Hour EVERYDAY 4-close which includes an array of tacos (5 for $10), corn on the cob, sampler platter ($11) and a wide variety of cocktails, wines, sangrias, and Mexican Beers ($3).  Hopefully, Richard Sandoval will take this place where Frida's and El Vitral couldn't and that is.... above the red line.  When you walk in, it has the same basic floorplan as the previous tenants, but they had spend some $$ on some upgrades.  The featured lighting in the main hallway screams out; this must be a restauranteur who took over, because it would take deep pockets and saavy business person to be able to revive this third time is a charm place.  The large shared hallway table has a huge chandelier which is an amazing feature and tasteful change to the space.  Lighting is over the top here. Richard Sandoval is one of the most well known chefs in Latin American cuisine.  He has over 25 restaurants and has some local hot spot favorites in NY, DC, CO.  When you walk over to the large bar area, it's no doubt that El Jimador played a big role in the bar.  Here were my favorites that we tried from the Happy Hour menu: 1. Tacos El Pastor - Charred and well marinated and not over salted2. Barbacoa Tacos - You can taste the liquid smoke which reminded me of the Hawaiian style Kalua Pig.  Moist and loaded with sauce, break out your napkin for this one. 3. Pollo Tacos- Thank you for not having a dry chicken taco.  It is Ok, but not better than the red meat friends. 4. Corn on the cob - Mini version of the Farmers Market corn that you get on Tuesday, squeeze some lime on that bad boy, it's really delicious.  I can see this being a kids favorite. Drinks: SPICY ORANGE MARGARITA with Serrano chile & Fresh Orange had such a great finish with the citrus and the heat, I absolutely loved the play on the pallet. Service is excellent.  We had the manager, Jim introduce himself and ask about our drinks & food.  I noticed how much detail they had in making sure the drinks were on point.  If they continue to strive at this level, they may be around longer than you blink.  Welcome to the neighborhood, this is exactly what this spot needed. Great food & Great business sense.  This will be a hot spot for celebrating some big group parties.  The venue is amazing.  I will be back for sure.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,2/17/2014,441,198,14,15,14>Jicatacos?!?!?This was my first introduction to jicama tacos. It's been a while since I was here, but if memory serves (huge strain on the 2 remaining brain cells I have left) . . . I had ceviche jicataco and panela cheese jicataco. I feel like these had more creative names, but it's all I remember.  Here's why . . . because it ain't about the taco, it's about the concept. Using thinly sliced jicama as a taco shell is ingenious. Aside from the gastrawnamical vegan factor and the health factor, the crispy fresh crunch doesn't overpower the ingredients and makes the standard hard taco shell taste like stale cardboard. Jicatacos are the new black, which means . . . yes. . . you'll never go back.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,2/16/2014,203,305,7,11,10>Came here two times since it opened. The first time I only tried the mixed tofu stew and it was delicious! The second time I came here for my friend's 21st birthday and we tried the White Gummy Soju. They gave the large and charged us for the small since they just opened. The White Gummy Soju was good; my friend couldn't stop drinking it, and he doesn't normally drink alcohol! The second time I got Bibimbap and I loved the presentation of it.Both times, the service was great and the server was friendly. 5 stars!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,2/15/2014,174,293,1,5,6>My first time to Stone (still need to visit the original) but this location is open, airy and stunning. They have a great outdoor area, bocce ball and I passed a table that had a cool waterfall/stream thing built in. The high ceilings and clean lines make for some pretty architecture. We ordered beers and dinner. Beer is priced ok but dinner can be a little on the high end. Each menu item had something a little odd about it, but I will say the food I ordered was good. I tried some of my friend's wild boar rib appetizer (didn't taste like I thought it would; just tasted like a regular BBQ rib). I also ordered the BLT which had a tasty aioli, mustardy sauce. It's served with chili lime chips which I could've done without, but the the sandwich was a great portion.I wanted to order the duck tacos but my friend said that if I was really hungry it probably wouldn't fill me up, although he said they were delicious. They have an interesting menu, but think they could use some more shareable appetizers since that's one of the best things to go with beer.Our server was nice, attentive and accommodating of our party. I will absolutely return and think the big space is perfect for a happy hour or weekend afternoon. As far as the breweries I've visited, this is one of my favorites.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,2/14/2014,239,221,5,17,10>This is my new pho spot!Like Goldilocks, I have tried out three different pho restaurants in the Point Loma area (near my work) and the first one was ok, but nothing special (Point Loma Pho) and the second one was a lil better, but a tad depressing (Little Saigon Pho) and now I found The Pho Shop and it's perfect!- Pho Tai served HOT with more than plenty noodles, rare steak, and broth- Great service - timely, friendly, and attentive- Great ambiance - pretty big restaurant, plenty of air flow so you don't leave smelling like pho!- Yelp Savvy - they have a Yelp Check-in offer for 10% off of your order- Authentic enough for me!- They have a great selection of local beers + Happy Hour from 4-6 pm M-FI was feeling under the weather this week and needed some soup in my belly. I had tried two other pho restaurants on Midway and they were OK. I was more content with Little Saigon Pho just because the service was good and the soup was tasty, but I figured I'd check this place out since they received kudos from my fellow Yelpers. Boy am I glad that I did!I ordered the pho tai and a soda chahn to get my Vitamin C in. I passed on ordering my usual order of spring rolls since I needed to warm up my achy body from the cold that was creeping on me. Yuck! My bowl of soup arrived promptly and it was HOT, HOT, HOT just the way i LOVE my soups. 5-10 minutes in, after slurping up lots of broth and shoveling noodles in my face, I swirled my chopsticks around my bowl to find what - more noodles, meat and plenty of broth to go! I really gave it my best greedy try, but there was too much goodness for me to finish the bowl. I picked at all the meatsies and threw in the towel.The next time I have a pho craving when I'm working, there is NO QUESTION about where I will go to get my pho fix!  I'm coming here!And yes, in case you can't tell, I'm pretty excited about this place. I have been spoiled by legit pho in Westminster and basically the OC area in general. This place will do just fine by me. :)
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,2/13/2014,280,432,13,12,10>Me: Hi, I just walked by and was wondering if I could get my hair cut today.He: Let me see, we're all booked right now, perhaps on Friday?  Here's our card.Granted, this was the day before Thanksgiving, and I was drinking down at Wine Steals. I felt like he felt bad that they couldn't cut my hair...dang did it look that ratty?  LOL!  I had parked in front and the sign said "Walk-Ins welcome!"  So I thought what the heck, but alas, I would just have to go to Thanksgiving dinner with my shaggy hair.  However, I called Friday afternoon and they could take me at 3.He: You came back!Well, why wouldn't I, you were very nice when I walked in, and that really makes a difference, at least to me.  My stylist was Amber and she asked what I wanted and I told her, "You can do whatever you want, it just needs to be short."  I do this all the time when I'm at a new salon.  It's just much more fun and allows the stylist to be creative.  I mean, I hate reading those reviews where the client comes in with a picture and wants their hair to look just like "Jenifer Aniston's"...seriously, only Jenifer's can look like Jenifer's...LOL!What I really liked was that Amber took her time to cut my hair, and it was great watching an artist at work.  Came to find out she graduated from the Paul Mitchell school downtown, so I had to tell her my PM story of how I wanted to save money and have a student cut my hair, not knowing it takes a long time, and I ended up getting a parking ticket...so my $15 cut cost me $90.  I couldn't help but laugh about that.Amber did a fantastic job!  I feel 10 lbs. lighter and even one of the clients leaving said I looked great....dang, did I look that ratty coming in?  LOL!  I highly recommend checking them out if you're in the market for a new salon.  If you park across the street, you don't have to pay the meters in front.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,5/18/2011,127,126,23,36,34>"Forgive me, READER, for I have sinned...  It's being over four and a half months since my last YELP REVIEW."  ...but after reading this I hope you'll understand I've been a little preoccupied.  Best of all, I wanted to make my #100 review a little more memorable; at least, for me =)It's late-February and my wife & I were on pins and needles as we were expecting the birth of our second daughter.  Months earlier, our doctor gave us the date of early-March for the birth our baby.  But if the birth of our first daughter was any indication, we had better prepare even earlier.As my wife's contractions were getting longer and coming more frequent, I knew we were very close...  Obviously, there was that indescribable "nervous excitement" every Father has when Mommy says, "it's time!"  Then after a few calls to our parents, siblings, and employers, I grabbed Mommy's pre-packed overnight bag & iPod and we headed to Mary Birch.I tried to maintain my composure as we pulled up to the building but unlike most hospital's Emergency Room driveways, we felt at ease (30 minute drop-off).  The building/ facility:  The architectural design of this particular Sharp Healthcare facility was not only beautiful (check out the peaceful walking garden between the buildings) but functional; especially, as an arriving or departing guest.  The dedicated parking structure connected adjacent to the building operated by ACE Parking was too shabby, either.  The staff:  Upon entering the Lobby, we came through Security and they guided us towards Triage, a couple floors above.  They were more than accommodating, offering my wife wheelchair assistance.  We then checked in at the nurses' station and waited in one of the rooms.  The nurses always checked on us to make sure if we need anything.  They advised us to walk the around area but don't leave the facility...  "Your baby is coming tonight!"...6 hours later, we welcome SABRINA CORINNE to the world @ 4:27am.Due to a formality Blue Cross of California awarded us an extra day based on when our child was delivered not when we checked-in; this was our home for the next two days.  The extra day was very beneficial t my wife as we received the much need attention while mommy & baby recovered from delivery.  The nurses always were a buzz (next door) away to help.The Delivery & Recovery Room:  The Delivery room was spacious.  The bed had adjustable contours.  Baby weighing and mini-tanning station were off to the side.  The Recovery Room consisted of two beds shared divided by a common restroom and pull drapes.  We were fortunate that the second area was unoccupied during our stay.Although Mary Birch exceeded our expectations during our stay but we knew it was finally time to go.  Our friends always ask, "Where did you have your children delivered?"  We the utmost confidence we tell them, "Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns."I know as a parent you want the best for your children...  Why not start earlier and give the best that San Diego & Sharp Healthcare has to offer.  We did...  And we hope you do, too!  5 STARS for helping make the birth of our second daughter one of the most memorable moments of our life.  Thanks to ALL of you at Mary Birch Hospital.Lastly, to all the expected Mothers & new Mommas out there...  CONGRATULATIONS!!!  You are all so very blessed =)
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,5/17/2011,735,735,18,23,19>Don't delay, belay today!Our hero is no Spiderman (youtube.com/watch?v=g0wm…), but he does enjoy a challenging climb.  Vertical Hold has a very nice set up of many different climbs for varying degrees of skill.  Whether you are a newcomer of a veteran of solo bouldering, there is something to be gained by coming here.  Start at the training wall below the second floor, and one day you might graduate to Cliffhanger status like Sylvester Stalone, young grasshopper.The staff are pretty friendly and they offer classes on climbing and belaying for newcomers at group discounts for those that are interested in getting into indoor climbing and bouldering in a supportive environment.PROS:- Nice thick crash pads aplenty.- Good variety of lead climbing, bouldering, and top-roping climbing walls.- They have many special days through the week for military, men's, and women's discount days.CONS:- A bit pricey for admission and rentals if you plan on coming here regularly.- They let customers wear rental shoes without socks, which is a bit gross when their feet get a bit sweaty.  Remember to bring your own ankle socks (or your own climbing shoes).
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,5/16/2011,2074,1145,26,30,19>the white man's version of korean bbq...with a touch of hooters hotnessduh:men like meatmen like to grillmen dig checking out hot chicksgirls: if you want to check out a bunch of guys standing around a grill and seasoning their own meat then come on down!if you are a non red meat eater, there is the ahi or chicken but be warned that the grill is shared.gluten free folks - also be warned since some marinades with soy/teriyaki may remain on the grill.the best deals are on mon - woohoo!$10 for either: skirt, teriyaki steak, or top sirloin.  cut the sirloin in half if you want it to cook faster since it's the size of a bag of chips.  otherwise your buddy with the skirt steak will be chomping away while you are still standing at the grill.tuesdays rock with the porterhouse deal which i believe is about $16(?) bucks vs the usual $21.95other notables: lobster street tacos are spicy and don't have too much lobster.  the shrimp cocktail is ok - can't really go wrong there.lobster mac n cheese is rich and heavy although light on the lobster.the pork sliders were tasty as was the calamari.pizza margherita was thin, cheesy and yummy.wine selection is bleh so go for a cocktail or beer.not to shabby:my guy and i enjoyed the monday special that comes with a salad.we added in a side of garlic mashed tatersthey keep it a wee on the cool side and a wee dark but if you are into watching the b-ball or football game on their big screens, the middle seats have a better vantage point than the booths.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,5/15/2011,315,260,10,16,17>I stumbled across this place on Yelp when I was looking for somewhere close by that would accommodate 3 ladies, a dog, and a baby. I ordered a Chicken Pesto Sandwich and the Raspberry Vinaigrette Salad. It was really yummy. We were served by the owner who was very careful to accommodate my pickiness. Not necessary but very much appreciated. In fact, the service that he provided was so exceptional, he could have served me shit on a plate and I still would have given 5 stars......Well, not really but you get what I mean.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,5/14/2011,393,158,9,17,13>Heard about Jayne's for quite some time now and always intended to check it out.Much, much later I was enlightened about the wonders and deliciousness of the Quebec staple - Poutine.Apparently Jayne's is one of the only few places in San Diego that offer Poutine.Thus, I quickly came to this fine gastropub to try this much-praised dish.Sat at the bar and ordered Poutine.This dish was amazing. Thin French fries - almost shoestring thin - were covered with gravy from braised ribs. Atop of the fries and gravy were chunks of cheese curd. The steaming hot dish melted the cheese, which made the Poutine more appetizing.Pairing the Poutine with a Chimay triple was a heavenly match, especially noting that frites as well as bier are staples of Belgian cuisine.  While indulging in the above-mentioned delights, a strange thought surfaced in my mind. It seemed that the Poutine was a much more delicious, healthier, albeit pricier, alternative to the much beloved San Diego staple - carne asada fries. Of course, I love guacamole as well as hot sauce, however, at the least, it is a nice change from carne asada fries for those of us who enjoy this ubiquitous SD dish too often. Poutine was served without any actual chewable meat yet had the meat essence in the gravy.Perhaps this dish could be a suitable recommendation for those transitioning away from (or at least limiting) meat consumption.Although this pairing alone is hardly enough to judge the entire establishment effectively, my first experience was stellar.Definitely intend on going back for additional items in the near future.Additional notes:Atmosphere was relaxed, quite, and comfortable; there was a certain old-world European charm to Jayne's that was greatly appreciated.Restroom was extremely clean.Outdoor seating appeared ample. As a result of the high walls separating the outdoor area from the streets, this section was pleasant despite the less than ideal neighborhood surroundings. A few, yet somewhat limited number of wines by the glass. However, quite nice selection of wines by the bottle.Wine focus is on old-world. Expect somewhat higher-end price points.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,5/13/2011,250,307,11,12,11>This place is in the middle of no where, I felt like we were driving around in a scene that belonged to the movie Jeepers Creepers. I half expected some scary flying thing to pop up and eat my eyeballs while walking from the parking lot to the restaurant.Despite being a rather random place to have a Thai restaurant, the food and service here was excellent. I liked how as we entered the place, all the servers greeted us with warm smiles, immediately chasing away that creepy neighborhood feeling.The taste of the food is what brings this place down a notch. We decided to splurge and get their signature dish: 3 flavored fish. Although the presentation of the food was much nicer than Sab-E-Lee 1, this dish just didn't live up to its signature label. I felt like I could have gotten the same  fried up at Seafood City, minus the sauce. Always depressing when you can make up the same dish yourself! Pad thai and curry were all decent but I still felt Sab-e-lee 1 tasted better, more home-y maybe?Would I be coming back? Maybe if I were in the area and craved for Thai, but I probably wouldn't drive out of my way for this place.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,5/12/2011,324,343,20,8,8>1. I took my parents here for a casual lunch when they came to visit. 2. My parents have been to farmers markets about once in their life.3. My parents are easily amused by the most random things.4. Taking them through the farmer's market was like herding cats. me: "ok. so here is the farmer's market. They're is"mom: "HONEY, [pulls at my dad's hand] LOOK AT THE TAMALES STAND!!!!!!!!! STEP, IT'S $2 FOR 5!!!!"dad: [wanders off to the kebab stand]mom: "STEP, LET'S GET QUESADILLAS!"me: "wait, but mom, they're Seb's paninis with really good tuna sammies and the amazing Cravory has cookies. Also, come look at"mom: "WHAT IS THIS?!"hummus people: "PITA AND HUMMUS!!" [hands my mom a pita for dipping]me: what hummus do you want to try....mom: [stuffs the pita in her mouth before I could suggest dipping it in hummus] "Oh, this isn't very good. It's just bread! I don't like it."me: "that's cause you were supposed to dip it in"mom: "I want crepes!"me: "ok. What kind do you want mom, here's the menu"mom: "the one with cheese"me: "ok..but, 6 of them have cheese..."dad: [comes back with a kebab sandwich] "want some?"me: But, we haven't even seen every...[sigh] yeah, give me to flippin' kebab. 5. I love Hillcrest Farmer's Market6. ....with my KICKASS PARENTS.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,5/11/2011,804,248,17,17,17>I remember hearing the buzz (yup, that was a pun) before the place opened up. I really wanted to check it out during the grand opening, but missed out. After that and hearing some of the so-so reviews of the place, I wasn't such an eager beaver anymore. But my friends and I were just casually out and about in downtown and thought, why not. So we did. Now, here's my own assessment: The spot: It's got a lounge seating area along the wall that we quickly took advantage of. The seats are cooomfffie! And if you're not a club goer but want to hear some dance music.... this is a cool spot to hang out for a bit. There's plenty of people dancing around and having a great time. Everyone was having a blast!  WE had a blast! The drinks: I've had similar slush at Fat Tuesdays in Vegas. I was well aware of the hidden potency of these sugar-filled drinks. It's cool once in a great, great while.... like when I'm in Vegas in 120 degree weather. But on a reg; I don't even like slurpies. I had a mix of call-a-cab and shock treatment. Sweet, just as expected. It also turned out really pretty with the blue and red swirl. hehehe I don't know if the head rush was cause of the liquor or the brain freeze..... Whooooa!! Overall, I like! I probably won't be coming back soon to order another slush. So I'm glad that they serve other adult beverages besides the icy kool-aid. And even during the day, it looks like a cool spot for watching a game....huge TVs!! They earn points with this gal for that!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,5/10/2011,569,319,12,13,12>I think I could spend half a day here... no lie! It's huge and very clean inside! All the good stuff is along the outer walls. Right as you walk in, there are tons of beautifully decorated cakes and desserts. Then, there's a huge selection of Pan Dulce, right around the corner. It's 3 for $1buck! It's great. So, check this out... there's a system. Tear off a plastic bag, then kind of stand back and see who is holding a metal tong. Once someone is done selecting their sweet goodies, they'll pass it off! Then all along the back walls there should be a lady standing with a mic. Honestly, I thought she was going to karaoke or grab a customer to sing for a prize! No joke! I was standing around to buy some marinated chicken. I finally caught on!! The lady with the mic calls out the ticket numbers! So, go to her to get a number and wait until your number is called. Huge meat, seafood and poultry section! The marinated meats started from about $1.79/lb and up. Next, I headed to the left side of the wall. YAY! A fresh pack of tortillas for like $2 bucks. SCORE! They had some that were made with flour, corn and purple corn. They also have fresh salsa, guac, and other prepared foods. I ordered one pound of Mexican fried rice close to $3 bucks. Since I caught on with the whole number process, when I came to this side to order some rice, I immediately started to look for the tickets that have the numbers on them. *It's located on top of the counter where they weigh your food. Look toward the middle. Should be PINK. I saw almost everyone buy this green salsa called XXX (triple X). I thought, that must be good!! So, I got it. It is good... but dang is it hot! I tried jogging that night and my stomach was kinda burnin'. Today, my belly is telling me to refrain and try a milder salsa next time. This place is legit, and very authentic. I think I was the only Asian lady there that day. So, I felt special. It was as if I was shopping in Mexico. It's a must try experience!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,5/9/2011,305,44,4,10,6>ALL i gotta say is bang bang, real good coffee house, there's a star bucks right across the street and if i had Star bucks Stock i would be pissed haha, the service is great, lots different people some reading some doing homework, ect.. it my friends Monday night hang-out spot for him and his wife.             They have a open Mic Night on Monday's, with great up incoming talent that play there each week, I was there last night.. they have free comedy on Tuesday were up incoming talent performs, I laughed hella hard I thought they were gonna be shitty but I was wrong the shit was epic.. Definitely doing it again next Tuesday, they have some crazy names for their coffee like chocolate monkey, Irish banana but they take great, and they have some pretty affordable sandwiches , and great dessert
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2008,1/9/2009,491,894,7,13,11>This is one of my favorite businesses in La Mesa. As a child the shop always interested me with all of the different costume selections, and now being older, I appreciate the true authenticity of each garment, hand sewn with fabric that is time period appropriate. The shop is extremely organized by time period, gender clothing, etc. Now, to rent one of these costumes can run about 100 bucks for a deposit, which can seem steep to some and to others very worth it. Face and body paints of all different qualities are available at the front counter. False eyelashes, props, fake blood, etc. etc. are also available for purchase.I believe the shop closes by 3 PM so show up early.Don't try to go in here during Oktoberfest because the employees are not the most trusting of "costume seeking folk" thanks to neighborhood hellions. All in all, I like this little place.And claustrophobics, beware, the shop can seem extremely crowded with the amount of costumes pouring into the aisles. It's easy to feel trapped or lose track of a small child.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2008,1/7/2009,2068,297,20,24,26>Ya mon!So I finally decided to give this place a shot a couple weeks back since we happen to be cruising along Market and this place came to mind.  This is one hole-in-the-wall mom 'n pops joint so I was expecting some delicious large portions(portions and taste is always plenty in the 'hood :P).Ya'll gotta be careful when parking in the lot, especially if your one who loves reversing into your parking spot.  Just don't push on the gas too hard, I doubt the fence has enough support to stop you from falling into the yard of the homes right below it, it sure is quite a drop too.Everyone who works here have native Jamaican accents so that gave me a good first impression that this stuff must really be authentic.  Only thing I didn't like was the horrible service.  We didn't even get greeted and one of the employees just looked at us and turned back around, continuing her conversation with the other girl working behind the register.  We had to ask for the menus at the front desk and then finally ordered what we wanted and sat ourselves at one of the tables.Anyways, I didn't expect such great service out of a spot like this anyways, all I cared about was if the portions and quality here was gonna be good or not.  While waiting for the food, I glanced around the place and noticed they had a mini-Jamaican market on the side of the restaurant.  Pretty cool, maybe I can head back and swoop up some ingredients to make my own entrees at home one day, haha.  They have some pretty cool facts about Jamaica on their dining pads, things I didn't even know, heh.So our food finally came.  I ordered the jerk chicken which I've been hearing a lot about from friends and all you Yelpers.  My friend got the BBQ chicken.  I was quite impressed with the large portions.  They hooked it up fat with plenty of rice, beans, veggies and what appeared to be fried bananas.  The flavoring of the jerk chicken was quite nice.  It had a nice tangy kick to it, though it could have been a little bit warmer.  That was the only downfall in my opinion.  Other than that, everything was beyond my expectations.  The bananas topped off the meal very well too.I tried a piece of my friends BBQ chicken but it just tasted very mediocre.  Maybe they slacked off on the cooking for his plate or something?  Overall, the food was very reasonably priced and the portions and decent taste made the dining experience a lot better.  I will definitely come back here again and give this place a second shot, maybe next time I will raise the stars. :)
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,1/5/2009,415,328,19,15,17>I went here for the first time last Thursday night for my fellow kickball teammates birthday. This place is a ton of fun. The "waitresses" are so sassy. The show is great. I think Cher is my favorite but Aretha was pretty damn good too. They had the whole table singing along. The birthday boy provided extra entertainment when they got him up on stage. To say it was hilarious would be an understatement. It helped that he was wearing his "birthday princess" dunce hat. I posted pictures.They have quite the list of sexually named shots. We maybe only got through half the list. The food was pretty good too. Amy and I shared a veggie pasta dish. It was yummy. I also ate the fries off Chris's plate and they too were tasty. It was generous of him to also let me pass around his fries to the rest of the group. The only thing that was a little weird about this place was when the show was just about over, Cher started hocking the desserts while the staff all took turns coming on stage with plates of dessert of in hand displaying them in true Vanna White style. Then they also displayed other items they had for sale. I thought that was odd. Anyway, Lips was a hit. I would definitely come back again, but I think it's probably the most fun when you have a group like we did. Oh yeah, best quote of the night was from the birthday boy when he said, "yes they all do still have their balls". Good times!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,1/4/2009,607,243,19,16,17>When I saw the "Juice Blend" sign I was like "Hmmm, let's give this a try". Then, I noticed the "AL-MESHWAR" sign and was like "WTF DOES THAT MEAN?? WHAT IS THIS?" and I know some Arabic.   When I went inside, I was floored by the prices. 4.99 for a smoothie?  Are you kidding me?That's more than a gallon of gas!! [for now]Juice Blend is adjacent to Edwards Cinema in Rancho San Diego between a Rubio's and Pizza Hut and doubles as a small restaurant called Al-Meshwar. I didn't come here for the smoothies, but came for the food. The tabouli is fresh made with every order and has the perfect lemon and olive oil harmony. The homemade dolma is absolutely delicious; Not as citrusy as I like it, but really good. They have spanakopita, which is warmed to perfect with a tasty spinach filling. The falafel aren't homemade, but still yummy and moist. The greek salad isn't very traditional, but still exceptionally delicious. They also serve gyros, shawarma, and chicken along with fresh rice. The prices are a little steep for a smoothie/hole-in-the-wall joint. I'm still a little irked by this establishment. Why try to have a Jamba Juice theme and mix up traditional Middle Eastern cuisine? Nobody is gonna spend 5 bucks on a smoothie here when they can drive one stoplight away and go to Jamba Juice for half the price? Also, please change the name of your business; There is an evident identity crisis going on.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2008,1/3/2009,645,258,30,32,30>I was very upset to learn that my old gym was going out of business and being replaced by a 99 cent store which brings me to Thanksgiving:Thanksgiving morning my phone rang and it was my cousin asking if it was okay to bring a friend and her daughter to dinner. "Sure, the more the merrier" As I hung up I was thinking I need more place settings. At the moment I have enough room for 16. (each table holds 8). My cell rings and my friend from Virginia calls and surprises me by saying "SURPRISE! We got here two days earlier. What are you doing"? I answer "Having Thanksgiving at my house come on over". Mind you this is one of my best friends and did I mention she is married with 3 children. So now my head count is 23. Whenever I have large parties we usually use plastic dishes or Chinette. My fine China has 16 settings as well as my cobalt blue glasses. Wanting everything to be perfect I ask my friend "what do I do"? She says "You are going to think I am crazy but why don't you try that 99 cent store up the street" Apparently she went the week before and remembered seeing china and glasses "Sure" I reply "As if they would have what I need" She answered "What do you have to lose"?Here's where I get excited telling my story: I drove up and saw the 99 cent was open until 5: on Thanksgiving. As I entered the store I was happy to see the store was very clean not only on the outside but the inside as well. The salespeople even said "hi, how are you" as if I was entering the Nordstroms half yearly.  Anyways, before I got to the glassware I went through the grocery aisle (Yes my fellow yelpers, they even have groceries) I found a 5 pound bag of potato's for 99 cents, bunches of carrots and very fresh salad greens for all the same price. I even examined everything very carefully to make sure nothing looked old. The manager on duty told me everything is very fresh and apparently it gets to their store the same day when Vons and Albertsons has an over abundance. So now to the glassware section. My daughter yelled out "Mom here are the same blue as our glasses" I look over and dare I say they were the same cobalt blue however made somewhat different at the bottom. Listing price shown: 2 for 99 cent. "You've got to be joking" I grabbed 12 as if someone else would take them before me. Next I found a stack of all white Mikasa dinner plates which will match well with my white and blue Lenox plates. I purchased 12 and have to say as the cashier gave me my total I started laughing when she said $28 and some change. ARE YOU KIDDING ME! My one Lenox plate cost more than that. When I returned home I inter-mingled my settings and glasses with the one's I purchased,  I have to say Rachel Ray and Martha would be proud!!!!!Thanksgiving turned out great! We played games after we ate and I told everyone my 99 cent story. I am not so proud that I wouldn't share this with my family, friends and fellow yelpers. Hey with the way our economy is going I figure people can use all the help they can get. Now if we can just get gas prices down to 99 cents we will really be in business
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,1/2/2009,166,31,20,40,32>Churros were developed centuries ago by Spanish shepherds. Fresh baked goods were impossible to come by in the Spanish mountains, so the resourceful folk of the hills came up with a delicious cake-like delicacy which they could easily cook in a pan over an open fire. Fresh baked goods are not hard to come by in San Diego however real churros most definitely are. Most of the difficulty in finding churro vendors stems from San Diego's strict street vendor laws. Churros El Tigre has found a clever way around San Diego's stringent regulations. They actually rent a tiny piece of real estate from a used tire shop so technically they are on private property. The churros here rival any I've had south of the border. These are the thin knotted type often times referred to as churritos and sold in a bag of 7. What makes these churros so special? They are soft on the inside, crispy golden brown on the outside and most importantly fried to order. No churros hardening under a heat lamp here. This cake like delicacy of dough and sugary goodness will set you back $2.00. Another delicious rare find available is the Platanos machos fritos. Deep fried large "cooking bananas" (Plantains) cut into ovals, about 1/3-inch thick. Once drained out of the fryer the bananas are topped with Lechera (Sweetened condensed milk) and sugar if you choose. img.photobucket.com/albu… On weekends they have Elote (steamed corn on a stick covered with mayonnaise, cotija cheese, chili and lime). They also have bacon wrapped hot dogs on weekends. In order to conform to the aforementioned regulations both the Elote and the Hotdogs are prepared off site and dressed to order. Extended operational hours and a Hotdog grilled on site would definitely propel this to 5 star category. Open 7 days a week from 6-9pm. It's hard to beat hot fried dough right out of the fryer.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,12/31/2008,421,351,12,16,15>I would have given them 5 stars if I could have found a parking spot before I was famished. So I had the kids this week end and they wanted crabs. I posted a "got crabs" message and thanks to my fellow yelpers I got many suggestions.opting not to serve my kids Denise L's crabs to my kids I choose this place.The kids ordered a Crab Wrap: Real crab meat and cream cheese mixed with scallion, wrapped in wonton wrapper and lightly fried till crunchy.and the Crab Hut Rolls: Crab meat, shrimp, pork, taro, and carrot. Marinated and rolled in rice paper. Deep fried.I got a 1/2 dz oysters for starters. we all shared 1lb of Snow Crab Legs in the Garlic butter and 1/2 lb Shrimp in the full house flavor. we really enjoyed the big mess we made and we got out of  there for around $50.00 bucks. this was a good place to let the kids get messy and eat some good food.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2008,12/30/2008,132,232,14,15,14>Dear Tuesdays at Confidential, I LOVE you. I hear from my good friend and co-worker that everything at Confidential on Tuesdays is half-off, which I found hard to believe although when I went for her birthday this past Tuesday, she proved me wrong. Between large glasses of wine, very alcoholic specialty drinks and delicious small plates, I was very, very pleasantly surprised with Confidential. And being the small plate snob I like to think I am, this declaration should be taken very seriously. My friends shared the seafood cocktail (it was literally a cocktail - is that normal?), the deconstructed pizza (equal parts weird and cool) and the bacon-wrapped, cheese-stuffed dates, which I sneaked more than a few bites of (AMAZING!). Oh, did I mention happy hour prices all night? Hello? Amazing!I love the decor; with all of the purple, pink and red accents, this would be a great first date spot. I'm always wary of hanging out in the Gaslamp but alas, Confidential was very non-Gaslampy as it lacked the pretentiousness I expected. The patrons were definitely pretty but Confidential had more of a chill lounge vibe than anything. Will definitely return ... on a Tuesday. Normal prices, not so much.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2008,12/29/2008,82,45,10,39,38>They are missing a Kinderspeilplatz! What's this you ask? At many cafe's in Germany there are playgrounds in the restaurants or just outside so mummy and daddy can go down on a good day like Sunday and bring their little Wolfgang and Karen and while the little munchkins play, mummy and daddy drink buttloads of Dunkles and Appfelwein and then they walk home, just like happy families. So....this place needs one too. Then you can bring the kiddies and drink all day while eating sausages and the kiddies can be blissfully unaware that their parents are drunks.As a first generation American and a long time German...this place is right on the mark. Like if you walked into a German cafe, sat down and the menu was in German and you could only point at things, this food is what you would get. The service was excellent! But that might have been because I could pronounce everything and Anthony S. and I knew how to order (like beer with dinner and schnapps afterward to help digest etc.) but she was genuinely a great server and the place, well it's right out of my parents house. See, the Germans *are* uptight and totally proper. The Bavarian's are at least, that's just the way it is. But it was really nice and since it is right near the Christian holiday of Christmas, the tree was up and the music was on repeat...kind of cozy and christmas like.Order the Rouladen or the Schweinschenken...they're right off the boat. Look if there is anything my people do well, it's meat. Pork to be exact and I have to say, they do it well here. The Spetzle is great, really homemade and the Sauerkraut is well krauty and good.Their beers are tops, and if you really want an authentic Bamberg beer from the 1600's, ask for Rauch beer. It's smoked and until recently, you could only get it in Bamberg, where my family is from. GO Peeps!!! Have fun!!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,12/28/2008,859,450,16,19,18>First off, how cute can this place be????Girly this and that all over the place....I only wish I could have come here when I was 6. Who am I kidding? I enjoyed it just as much at 21 :PI knew this place was just perfect for my mommy's birthday (she collects fine bone china, so this was right up her alley) so I made reservations for my mom, sister and I to have the High Tea. I guess it's kind of pricey but it's worth the splurge for a special occasion.My mom absolutely adored this place. Everything was lacy, floral and completely cute. The food was delicious and I was so surprised by how full I was at the end. We had onion soup, a sausage sandwich, a sun dried tomato sandwich, a cucumber sandwich, a tiny chocolate cupcake and so on...all in cute little portions. My favorite by far was the scone with maple butter spread; it was seriously to die for!The teas were also really good, I had the sweethearts (chocolate with vanilla I think), my sister had the Indian chai (it was really dense and dark) and my mother had the pearls of fruit (very sweet even without the sugar added). We passed our cups around and had a sip of each others tea....they were all delicious. The best part of all was that our server happened to be an opera singer so she sang "happy birthday" to my mom in Italian (her voice was so beautiful! I wish I was talented like that) I seriously couldn't have asked for anything more. This was such a great mother-daughter(s) experience that my mom is planning on having a tea party at our house with all her china the next time my dad is out of town :DGirl power!-------I want to give a shout out to Tanya, it was through her ROTD that I first heard of Tea Upon Chatsworth. To think of all those years I attended PLHS and never noticed this place :/
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,7/10/2012,242,2016,9,10,9>Finally!After nearly 3 years of sitting on my Bookmark Bookshelf, I finally made the trek to Chula Vista to visit SD's mecca of street tacos.At first glance, the color schemes and simplicity of the menu reminded me of In N Out, but the ordering process was a bit dicier.  I had to ask some Gordo vets how to order tacos.  I was told to stand underneath the taco you want on the menu board and let the taco hasher know how many you want and how you want it.In no time flat they're slanging that guac, meat, and pico like it's going out of style.  At $2 a pop, it's a little more expensive than some other places I've been to for street tacos, but as far as flavor is concerned, it's in the upper echelon, upper upper echelon.  Tacos El Gordo is much deserved of all the accolades reigned upon them by rabid and avid yelpers alike.  However...I've had better; in Riverside of all places.  Seriously.Tijuana Tacos on Arlington in Riverside is my go-to spot for Tijuana-style street tacos.  First, they're only $1.45 and their side bar has 3x as many offerings than at El Gordo.  Plus, they have a bean soup that 's complimentary.  AND they've got Vampiros.  VAMPIROS!The trek from Chula Vista to Riverside is nearly 3 hours long.  And if you live in this area it isn't worth the drive.  But if you have the burning desire to find out who the best really is, maybe you can make a quick stop on your way to Vegas.But you've got a proven winner in Tacos El Gordo.Most of us aren't so lucky...
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,7/9/2012,301,120,8,10,7>Ortega's is one of the best bistros for brunching!$9.95 unlimited mimosas...bottoms up!!For those requiring a caffeine fix..the house coffee has a hint of cinnamon and is guaranteed to perk you up!The staff has always been friendly and accommodating. At times food service is a tad slow but as long as mimosas are flowing, actually quickly refilling, I certainly don't mind a minor wait for their delicious, freshly prepared food. Plus, chips and salsa hit the table practically in unison with your rear to the chair..no need to fear a grumbling belly here!While imbibing and awaiting munches, the chef usually prepares an amuse bouche of their delicious french toast with homemade, lightly cinnamon flavored whipped cream. I tend to prefer savory and salty over sweet in breakfast/brunching selections, but the lightly sugared bite is a lovely, tasty, pre-meal treat!I am quite a creature of habit, especially concerning food orders, primarily adhering to the "if it ain't broke" mantra. As of late however, I have started to branch a bit, most likely due to the amount of Ortega's brunches I have accumulated, quite literally, under my belt.Pretty sure they're chips are homemade as I know their tortillas are. The accompanying salsa is not like any other I've experienced; not too spicy but a ton of zesty flavors to tingle your taste buds.The breakfast burrito has never failed me. It is a hearty one; filled with eggs, cheese, bacon, potatoes, caramelized onions, avocado, chiles and fresh pico. I can make it through 1/2 of it..if I am really hungry, but it's so delicious your mouth will try to argue with your belly.Carnitas hash and eggs..yet another incredible portion with an amazing combination of flavors. The tomatillo salsa on top makes for a perfect plate.I also adore their savory Puerto Nuevo tortilla soup..a cup is plentiful but they  offer (big) bowls should you desire.Definitely worth a visit as I have never left Ortegas unsatisfied...possibly due to the mimosas but I believe the entire experience always puts a smile on my face!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,7/8/2012,519,365,9,10,11>I love this place, even if the parking still sucks. If I want to grab something quick to take back to the office for lunch, I usually grab a package of kimbap (2 rolls) or a package of japchae, both of which are under $5 each. A steal in my book.The best part? Zion provides me with a quick easy solution to having Korean food at home, without having to do all the prep work. Because, if you don't know, making Korean food takes a lot of prep!All you gotta do is pick up your side dishes. The potato salad, pickled bean sprouts, cucumber, kimchee and fish cakes are my favorite. At the meat counter, I typically grab a couple pounds of marinated boneless short ribs and chicken. When I get home, I just need to cook rice, grill the pre-marinated meat and lay out the sides. Voilà!! Dinner is served!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/7/2012,592,463,3,9,5>Finally!!! Indian food in Pacific Beach! I like that this place is pretty casual and no fuss.   The food was very good. They have several types of Indian beer and a pretty impressive wine list. I think they could do a little more with the space if they want it to be the kind of place where people hang out and throw back a few drinks. But for a delicious dinner in a casual setting, they get my full approval. The prices are pretty good too. Our bill came out to just over $30.   FOODSSS:All of the food was delicious. Absolutely no complaints.*jalfrezi with paneer and tofu*biryani with fish (salmon)*crispy potato app*samosas with tamarind chutney
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,7/6/2012,268,411,9,11,8>When Wilmar told me he wanted to eat here, I was incredibly skeptical. It's in a scary, old-looking plaza off of the eastern side of clairemont mesa? I know, that was really snobby, but it's what I was thinking! I decided to indulge my boyfriend regardless.The place is pretty big on the inside: numerous tables nicely spaced out. The decor is very bland and the looks pretty run down, but it's still pretty clean. Prior to ordering, I noticed that absolutely none of my fellow patrons were speaking English, which made me kind of excited because that's usually the sign of a good Chinese spot! I wasn't particularly hungry, so we only ordered the Kung Pao Three Ways (Chicken, Beef, and Shrimp) and Shrimp with Scrambled Egg. Both were DELICIOUS. Yes, they were greasy, but that's the best kind of Chinese food :) Also, the food came out ridiculously fast. At the end of our meal, the server brought us free dessert, which I was not expecting. When I heard that it was tapioca balls in coconut milk, I was honestly kind of disgusted. I am a HATER of coconuts, but I decided to try it and I was FLABBERGASTED. The dessert was AMAZING! I loved it so much that I finished every single last drop even though I was going to explode from being so full. To top it all off, the bill was ridiculously cheap (under 20 dollars, for a seafood dish, a meat/seafood dish and dessert). I came in expecting some mediocre food and service and left satisfied with an extremely full belly. Quick service, reasonably priced food, FREE amazing dessert, and Chinese deliciousness = 5 stars. I HIGHLY recommend this place to EVERYONE :D
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,7/5/2012,395,201,11,11,10>Right on the edge of downtown. Soon as you get of the 94 freeway its on your right. Wide open floor plan bar runs down one side as you walk in and the rest of the area is seating  picnic benches, tall bar tables and stools .Interior is all done in a dark wood . TV's in all corners  of the bar  and it was almost completely full on a Friday.Sat at a back table for a few and finally figured out that it was self serve drinks and food. By self serve I mean you had to walk up and get your own at the bar/ kitchen. Even thought they had 3 bartenders working at the time . They do have a happy hour from 5-8 which is buck off all beers. Also saw a sign in front that said show Pad's tickets get a free burger!They have a great selection of beers including there own house made beers. Great selection of beers mostly from San Diego area. I only drank Monkey Paw  beer's. Started with the Monkey Paw The Downs Family Irish Stout( 5.1% ), looks like a darker Guinness,  but had a great bold   coffee/ chocolate, taste with a smooth finish .  Next I went with the Monkey Paw Oatmeal Pale Ale (5.4%) , this beer kinda blew my mind . Never had or heard of a pale made with oatmeal.  Smelled just like the name says. Tasting it smooth crisp beer little citrus and mellowed out it the malty oat taste excellent beer.Finished with there Monkey Paw Sweet Georgia Brown  (5.8%) , Would expect a super sweet beer but its smells sweeter than it is . Dark beer chocolate / coffee taste with some sweetness ,also a great beer. One beer I wanted to try but they didn't have this time was the Monkey Paw Santa's Pet Monkey, chocolate and vanilla porter, think its seasonal?  Also got some food , menu has a few items from waffle fries, burgers, wings, and salads. You order at the kitchen window then they bring it out to you. Couldn't pass up a cheese steak so went with the Blairsteak. Inside is white American cheese, onions,  peppers, and mushrooms, with a side of waffle fries for $12. Food came out fast and piping hot( yelp.com/biz_photos/1Tjj… ). Sando came out wrapped in white paper , with a giant cut waffle fries. After unwrapping it  the crisp spongy roll harbored  meat covered in gooey white cheese and produce  . After  biting into it  crunchy bread lead to meaty cheesy goodness. Haven't had waffle style fries in years, still great and these ones are over sized  and fried to a crisp. Great brewed beers l ! Food was also good , will be back , to taste the rest of there interesting / different  and  well made beer selection.Once again can't go  wrong with a monkey?!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,7/4/2012,111,157,8,9,5>If you happen to amble into Albert's, you're morally obligated to get the El Grande. The aptly titled burrito shovels eggs, mounds of bacon, hearty wedges of potatoes, and a liberal amount of regret between two fluffy tortillas. It's like an artillery shell of protein and fat. Despite me loving this place, there are a couple of problems. The cashiers at the counter can be a little curt, hurried, perpetually flustered. Often times I feel like I'm speaking to a guillotine. Second, their salsa bar causes unnecessary confusion and elicits sanitation problems. Because the taco shop wants people to refrain from wasting salsa - there is a sign that stresses this, complete with extraneous exclamation marks - they do not supply bags or cups on the counter of their condiment area. Because of this, dirty people with their Nosferatu-like fingers pluck and eat carrots right above the salsa station. This would be cool if I didn't mind people spraying their saliva all over. The woman I watched the other day looked like a lawn sprinkler in shoes. Please, put some some plastic salsa cups on the counter top to prevent this.Other than these issues, the food is constantly amazing. The burritos are huge, the rolled tacos are the size of femur bones, and the menu is pretty diverse. Now if we can get rid of the R. Lee Ermey cosplay by the workers and the DNA convention near the salsa bar and we'll be set.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,7/2/2012,281,330,7,19,13>A new deli in the Normal/Washington/El Cajon corner area. We went on a soft opening. Friendly owners, large industrial-ish space, communal style seating. The most prominent feature is a huge cantilevered glass door that basically transforms the space into an indoor-outdoor eating space. Just in time for summer!They offer a good selection of sandwiches, inspired by the many soCal cultural influences (Vietnamese, Mexican, etc.). They also feature several sweet (fruit on brioche, e.g.) sandwiches. I had the 5-spice pulled pork, which had a sweet slaw to match the savoryness of the pork. It reminded me of a banh mi.They are in the midst of getting their beer/wine license, but they sell beer and wine (retail) also have a decent selection of craft soft drinks/sodas.I for one am glad there is a deli/sandwich shop within walking distance and I hope they find their groove in the 'hood, and hope to see them flourish!Michael K. stole "first to review" badge with his drive-by "review", so you can consider this the REAL first review.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,7/1/2012,189,96,16,21,17>The plentiful rave reviews of this place are justified.  The drinks and ambiance are amazing.  Impress-out-of-towners-and-your-family-friends-­and-date amazing.  The atmosphere is bananas.  I love the secret bar motif.  Even knowing it was inside Neighborhood past the bathrooms and the fake wall of kegs, I still found myself in a stare down with the wall of kegs thinking "Where....is....this...place.....?"  Once inside, you give yourself over to the décor and costuming.  Red lights?  Yes.  Wall of golden skulls?  Indeed.  Barkeeps in period appropriate outfits?  Quite right.  Quirky framed paintings on the non-skull walls and ceiling which trigger memories of the Haunted House in Disneyland?  Muhahahaha.But, let's cut to the chase.  You're here to drink.  And not just any drink.  These beverages are art in alcoholic form.  As one bartender told us, despite having worked in the industry for several years, he had to be thoroughly re-trained in order to produce the high caliber content which Noble Experiment is known for.Sure, the drinks aren't cheap.  I think it ranges $10-15 a pop.  BUT.  These drinks are strong.  And not kick-you-in-the-teeth strong.  We're talking that slow, seductive sidle-up strong that whispers its way through your veins, coyly enticing you into her debaucherous embrace.  Tomorrow morning you'll rue the drunk texts sent, the Facebook updates posted and the drinks you generously bought for the whole bar.  But tonight....oh tonight, you're at the mercy of Noble Experiment and her wanton juices.Reservations are by text only (oooh la la so scandalously speakeasy secret) and they're accepted a week in advance.  They book up quickly for popular hours so be sure to send that text if you're hoping for prime time (Friday, Saturday evening/nights).  They DO take walk-ins which isn't a bad thing if you decide to get some eats or drinks at Neighborhood while you while away the wait.  Customer service is the one area that could use some improvement.  The confirmation texts (i.e. "Your table is ready") are like free-spirited fairy sprites who forgot to take their meds.  After being told you'll receive a text in 15 minutes, you keep your phone in front of your face while you stay outside to ensure the satellites have easy access to your line.  15 minutes pass.  20.  25.  You finally walk back to the hostess and they ask you where you've been.  The text may pop up at that point.  Or it may come in 20 minutes later.  Even with a reservation, you frequently have to wait (thus the text becomes relevant in your life as well) because the place is TINY and POPULAR and people like to hang out to justify the trouble it took to get in as well as the drink prices.The staff are hit and miss too.   Some of them have a bit of the "I'm too cool for potato chips" attitude.  It's fun to chat with the bartenders when you sit at the bar but if you aren't ordering drink after drink, you feel pressured to hurry up and leave.  This likely relates back to my earlier point:  this place is TINY and POPULAR so they're trying to make everyone happy by seating them ASAP.  If you want to nurse a drink and hang out, this probably isn't the best place to do it unless you're with a group in a booth.As far as the drinks goes, my suggestion is to go with the dealer's choice.   Seriously - forget the menu drinks.  Or just tell them what you like.  In my case, I love ginger and that was the sole request after testing my friend's ginger containing beverage.   I hate tequila so imagine my surprise when I found out my pal's coveted drink had the cursed booze in it.  The bartenders here are magicians!  I felt like I didn't even know myself anymore.  They also have real maraschino cherries.  I had no idea the bright red ones were fake - I just knew they were pumped full of carcinogenic dye.All in all, fan worthy status.  A few tweaks will take them to 5 star territory.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,6/30/2012,432,198,8,5,6>According to my watch, "IT'S TIME TO YELP!"So the topic of "Best California burrito" is one I've definitely been trying to follow. I read everyone's response and noticed Vallarta's was a spot a few people had mentioned. I live relatively close to the place so I decided to give it a try and see if it ranks up there.GOOD: - California Burrito: carne asada has some good flavor. Fries to meat ratio not bad.- Super Fries: aka carne asada fries aka my guilty pleasure aka all mines get your own! They pack on the cheese! Very cheesy, like my jokes. Wish the cheese was a lil more melted though.BAD: - located a few minutes from me, I can see myself cheating on Lolita with Vallarta more often.UGLY:Here's a first for me. A GOOD, BAD,AND UGLY in one:GOOD thing there was a drive thru because if I got out, they would see me wearing my BAD pair of white see through basketball shorts. That would have been UGLY because I was going commando. O_oVallarta's is a contender in the Best California..Carne Asada Fries...Mexican food contest. I will try the rest of the places people mention and see where they rank. Let's go stomach, we got some work to do!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,1/5/2013,227,758,12,23,23>Our untraditional and intimate wedding festivities were held at JRDN Restaurant at Tower23 Hotel in late October, with the ceremony and cocktail hour taking place on JRDN's covered Sunset Patio and the reception inside in the adjacent Wine Room.  A lovely oceanfront setting.Let me first just say that Taryn is the best.  I believe when my now-husband and I began looking for wedding venues last fall Taryn was a JRDN Manager, but now her title is Sales & Catering Coordinator.  I'm too much of a micromanager to have contemplated hiring a wedding planner, but professional, considerate, trustworthy, friendly, and utterly patient Taryn was just what I needed to keep me relatively sane during the many months of wedding planning that followed our signing of the venue contract.  I recall telling people that Taryn handled a lot of the tasks a wedding planner typically would, that basically my guy and I got a wedding planner in Taryn as part of our venue package.  I can't thank or praise Taryn enough.Early on we decided that food and drinks were among the most important details of our wedding celebration.  It was a blast having such a big say in the food that would be served during our dinner reception, and JRDN's bar options--including customized beer choices for my beer-loving husband--certainly didn't disappoint.  We were so pleased, and our guests had a lot of great things to say as well.Service at our wedding?  Couldn't have been better.  Always professional, pleasant, and efficient.Now, if I had to be a little critical...Seems as though the Sunset Patio and Wine Room were designed with the intention of having these areas of the restaurant double as rentable event spaces.  That being said, I wish the designers had included a separate restroom to be associated with the restaurant's south side.  Our wedding guests had to use the north side restroom near the Felspar Street entrance to the hotel/restaurant, which is very contemporary and not particularly private as far as restrooms go.And one more thing...The Sunset Patio runs parallel to the bustling Pacific Beach boardwalk, and, though we all expected some commotion on a particularly gorgeous Friday late afternoon, I was shocked and even a bit distracted by all the passersby taking photos and video footage during our wedding.5 stars?  You bet.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,1/4/2013,189,96,20,18,16>Newbie Alert and ConfessionsI have not learned that the goal of disc golf is to get the disc in the basket on or under par.  I still believe the point of the game is to peg anyone and everyone within my line of fire.  Which is everywhere for those in the know.I have not learned to keep count of the number of throws I'm on.  When counting backwards fails, I just take par and add ten, knowing that this is the most accurate way to do things.What I have learned is that disc golf is insanely fun, even if you're doing it wrong.  And the type of course impacts the type of experience you have.Comparing Olive Glen to Morley Field is unfair, as pointed out by several reviewers.  It's akin to asking which is better:  cheese or chocolate?  Answer:  It depends on your mood and goals.  Also, who would ask such a thing?  The ample trees and friendly terrain at Olive Glen are perfect for a leisurely game with good company of mixed skill levels.  You can make the day as long or short as you like.   You can hone your skills in a low-pressure environment or follow in my footsteps and continue to peg everyone and everything in sight.  While the course appears small, you'll never feel that nine-car-pile-up sensation.   The course's engineers made excellent use of space in their design layout.The location ensures that you'll never have to wake up at 6am to avoid a crowd, even on a weekend.Drink the Kool-Aid and give it a try.  If you're lucky, I'll be there to give you a congratulatory disc bonk.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,1/3/2013,806,340,37,25,24>Walked in after having some cap'n crunch pancakes at that spot next door. I needed a belt. They have nice belts.Nice leather belts andhella cheap too.Walked in after having meatloaf and a cornmeal honey batter pancake or some shit at that spot next door.I was looking for a new pair of boots.They have nice boots just Not the pair I wanted. Staff was super helpful and easy going.I did get some fun socks though. Fun socks are Fun.Walked in after having a horrible salmon hash dish at that spot next door.I saw a pair of handcuffs that would work perfectlyas a belt buckle and they were perfect. And cheap too for as strong as they are.Walked in after having an amazing trio of pancakes (smore's, blackberry-n-cornmeal, frosted flakes with banana) at that spot next door.I saw a wooden switch the last time I was in.I wanted it.I got it.I saw some other stuff.I think I will go tomorrow aftereating some French toast at that spot next door.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,1/2/2013,279,225,7,12,10>I've been here quite a few times with friends throughout college and of course as college students we ALWAYS went for Happy Hour.  I unfortunately have never been here for their full dinner menu so my review isn't complete (and I can't bring myself to give them 5 stars), but someday...when I'm richer....Parking: You can park yourself in the parking garage down the hill and to the left.  Make sure you ask Flemings (or wherever you choose to eat) to validate your parking ticket so you don't have to pay on your way out!The servers are really friendly even when there are huge groups of us.  They are very accommodating to all our crazy demands.  The last time I went they took like 20 minutes to bring out our calamari (we actually didn't mind too much since we were just talking) but they actually took it off our bill. How awesome are they!I love their happy hour! Everyone always gets the $6 burger which has almost never disappointed any of us.  Except for the occasional overcooking the meat, but when it's dark you can't really tell, it's still nice and juicy.  And they're pretty good about remaking your burger for you if you ask. And who can complain about bacon in their burger?The calamari has varied.  The most recent time I've gone it was pretty good, not overcooked, still tender.  The sweet chile sauce is a nice balance and gives the calamari some extra flavor.The cajun shrimp is alright, nothing to die for or go crazy over.  But hey if you're in the mood for shrimp, I'd say go for it!I think the biggest surprise for me was the mushroom ravioli.  It's not bad, but you also only get three ravioli.  It's not much food, however I want to believe that they make their pasta fresh.  It's been a while since I've gotten it so I don't remember.It looks like their menu changes every once in a while.  There used to be ahi tuna which I LOVED.  I think it was sesame crusted and has a nice strong mustard with it (could be wrong).  Too bad it's not on the menu now.But overall food is great, service is great, awesome place for happy hour.  If you're looking to get the most food for your money go with the burger, can't go wrong with that.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,1/1/2013,2030,893,5,7,6>The hubs and I recently stopped in here to take a look at a firearm they had in stock. We went on a Sunday afternoon and if you would've told me that it was a Black Friday sale, I might've actually believed you. The store was packed and everyone was patiently waiting around the firearm counter for their number to be called. When we picked our number, we were 20+ numbers away from the customer they were currently helping so we were a little concerned how long our wait would be. Luckily, a lot of people were picking up firearms so the sales associates were able to get through a lot of numbers quickly. We waited for a good 30 minutes before our number was called. We were helped by a really nice gentleman (in which I forgot his name) and even though he knew there was a long line of people, he took the time to allow us to ask questions and try several out several different firearms. He even took the time to come out behind the counter and show us a few things (accessories and ammunition) that he thought we should consider. He probably spent a good 30 minutes with us and we didn't feel rushed at all.We left without anything (this time) but we gained a lot of knowledge from him which we appreciated.  We've been to the Vista store as well as this one and I have to say, i've been really impressed with Turner's service. They will continue to be our go-to store for future purchases.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,12/31/2012,313,233,3,10,8>This place is inviting and bright with a great vibe. The owner is super friendly, and I love that his brother and mother were in helping out.I walked in and needed to try every cupcake out because they were gorgeous. Across the board, the frostings were AMAZING. Silky and flavorful but not overwhelming in sweetness. They complemented the cakes beautifully. The frosting on the Vanilla Purist was hands down the most delicious vanilla bean I've had. If you're wondering about the size of the cupcake, the name says it all ;)And yes, as other reviewers stated, Josh is a cutie.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,12/30/2012,139,107,8,10,7>Like most people I was introduced to Hans & Harry's because someone brought their fruit strudel to a party. I return because of their Quality and Service! Luckily I also live near by.On my last visit I ordered a 7" round Vanilla cake with bavarian cream and raspberry filling topped with a picture of Channing Tatum for two of my bestfriends' birthdays. Let me tell ya, it was Yummy and not just because Channing was on top ;0) The cake was moist and not overly sweet. If it wasn't for the picture I would have had fruit on top, but even without fruit it was simply perfect. Cakes are ready to buy daily and I love the special display-case they have for the strudels and tarts right when you walk in. Their service is always on point. The ladies are friendly and ready to help! I am always smiling on my way out of the shop. Thanks Ladies!  =0)
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,12/29/2012,422,258,4,9,6>When my wife and I first moved to east county, my Realtor pointed us to Marechiaro's as a nice little casual Italian hangout.  That was 5 years ago, and we're still enjoying the food and relaxed atmosphere.  My wife and I frequently come here for "date night" when we don't want to have to deal with the crowds closer to town, and we want someplace quiet enough to be able to talk to each other.The only downside to the restaurant is the parking.  They have a very small lot in front, and a half-paved, half-dirt lot in back.  Both are hard to get in and out of, and it's even worse on the rare evening when it's raining in the foothills.I highly recommend a visit if you're in the area.  Or even if you're not, it's worth the drive.  Just don't bother my wife and I on date night.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,12/28/2012,1179,432,7,17,12>I brought my kids here to try the Muay Thai, Jiu Jitsu, and Boxing.  I've taken them to other places to also try out kid programs that are similar.  You can really see the difference between Black House and other places.  I've noticed at this place the instructors not only try to teach the kids muay thai/jiu jitsu/boxing, they also try to teach the kids respect and discipline - not just for themselves, but for others as well.  They also take their time to help each kid with properly executing form, so they don't look like a hot mess.  I finally know what 'shrimping' is...the first time I saw my kids do this was at some other gym and my first thought was "what the heck are they doing?" Believe me..it looked like a hot mess, especially when a group of kids are doing it in their own version of shrimping.  But when I took them here to Black House the instructor actually taught them the correct way to do it.  He went up to each kid to make sure it was being done correctly.They also offer different options for you to pick.  A majority of other places require you to do a year contract with them.  Here you can pick from: annual, 3 month, 6 month, month to month.  Which works for us because my kids do so much sports and doing a year contract just won't work. AND they give military discounts.The place is clean and doesn't smell like stinky feet like most gyms do.  The location for us is really convenient since we live in Mira Mesa.I haven't signed a contract with them just yet tho, there's still a few more places I'm taking my kids to try before we decide where they want to go.  But so far they said they really do like this place A LOT.Oh, and the entire staff is extremely professional and friendly.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,12/27/2012,656,263,7,16,12>UPDATE: They have since moved to Rancho Bernardo. FYI!==================================================­=========For my 200th review, I knew it would have to be for a business that not only demonstrated outstanding service but honest ethics and a sincere love for what they do. VCA Scripps Ranch Animal Hospital went way beyond the call of duty to care for my little rescue Bailey. Meet the Bailey. s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com…s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com…She's a 5lb Yorkie-Shih Tzu mix who hates loud noises, loves to cuddle, eat food that's easy to chew (due to her lack of teeth), likes other dogs that don't think SHE'S a chew toy, enjoys playing the cute card when she knows she's in trouble and hiding in dark corners being a stealth ninja. She is a 2 year old pup inside of a 10 year old senior citizen furbody. Or so they guestimated. Over the last week, our pup was lethargic, not eating and on one Saturday, couldn't stand on her back hind leg. We immediately searched Yelp for vets and originally made an appt. for another vet for the following day. So we made her as comfortable as we could, ran to pick up some necessities for her at our local Vons and noticed VCA as we were leaving the store. What a blessing it was that we found this place!As soon as we we walked in, we were greeted warmly by vet Dr. McNeil and her staff. She was able to squeeze in our pup for an appointment later that day. Bailey's vital signs were checked prior to Dr. McNeil's exam and she was handled gently and with such affection. When Dr. McNeil arrived, she apologized for the wait (hardly any wait at all) and was very thorough with the examination. She really took the time to figure out what was wrong with our dog and didn't try and push services on us that we didn't need. I was very impressed with the time she took caring for Bailey. I couldn't even say that about my own previous doctor!!! In the end, our pup was walking again after her little arthritic knee was popped back into it's socket and by the next day, she was back to her usually peppy self with a healthy appetite.Dr. Mcneil's staff is equally wonderful and I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for honest and caring service. We are thrilled that we now have a vet we can rely on (suck it Banfield!!!) and even our other dog Mochi was at ease when we brought her along to give Bailey moral support. Here's Mochi:s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com…Normally her dog radar goes off, she screeches to a halt at the door and will refuse to step inside. Not here! Thanks Dr. McNeil, our dogs will be patients for life!PSA: Don't breed or buy while shelter pets die.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,11/26/2011,285,281,11,14,13>After picking up some boba with my hottie Chun P.  as we drove down Clairemont Mesa a sign caught my eye that read, "Do It With Icing!"  and I knew I had to check it out.  Do It With Icing is a reasonably-priced cake/candy supply store and school.  I noticed that they had a beginning cake decorating class (6 weeks x 3 hours per session) for only $60!  After conferring with my girl posse, 4 of us signed up!  The first day of class, while our instructor Sarah demonstrated the proper way to frost a cake, she lambasted the public health advocates who *RUINED* Crisco by getting the transfat out of it and complained about the attorney who filed a lawsuit against dragees (those silver ball candies that are now banned for human consumption because they contain mercury).  I tried to hide my beet-red face as my friend's eyes went wide.  As a Government Relations specialist, I lobbied in support of AB 97, California's landmark transfat ban, and as a public health advocate actively support policies that protect health, such as keeping mercury and other toxins out of food, especially products that will be consumed by children.   But I digress....  So, instead of using the transfat concoction Sarah recommended for frosting, I made my own with non-hydrogenated shortening I picked up from Henry's (now Sprouts).  It set up perfectly and made awesome looking cakes, tasted great and didn't clog my friend's arteries with non-dissolvable trans-fat.      Each week after the first session we prepared cakes at home, base frosted them and brought them to class with extra frosting to decorate.  Decorating supplies set me back an extra $60 or so, though you could probably scoot by with $30 for tips/parchment triangles/gel-paste dye/couplers etc. if you don't get anything fancy like a rotating cake stand.  Check out my photos to see some of our designs.        Sarah was a patient, constructive and kind instructor.  When you received a compliment from Sarah, you know it meant something.  My friend Alicia and I also took the Halloween candy making class with Linda and Sarah and it was a very enjoyable afternoon.  Do It With Icing is an affordable place to learn how to make fancy cakes, candy and to pick up supplies. (Though my health enthusiasts may want to modify a recipe or two!)
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2011,11/25/2011,368,185,7,8,9>Once a week I venture outside of dining halls and food court food.. most conveniently for the UCSD Farmer's Market.and only 3 words exist.. BBQ Lemongrass Chicken!!This is the busiest vendor of all at the campus farmer's market and there's a good reason why.Well, if you're a newb like I was, you're proably wondering what's so great about lemongrass chicken. You might not even be a fan of lemongrass, or chicken.. but this little food stand will definitely change your mind! :) First of all, the line that seems daunting is always about a 10 minute wait. Definitely not bad as it seems. Second, they grill up the marinated chicken fresh and the smell will definitely lure you in. The zucchini that is served with it is also grilled, giving a nice charry taste!I always order the lemongrass chicken, veggies, and rice combo that is served in a small eco-friendly container (no styrofoam! a plus from me :D). What makes this combination simply MAGICAL is their secret ingredient they refer to simply as "sauce". But it's not just any sauce, it's a delicious, savory, flavorful curry sauce that is smothered all over the rice, chicken, and veggies creating a completely euphoric dining experience! At first I noticed people ordering extra sauce although I was hesitant, wanting to try it out before diving in too deep. By the time I devoured half my dish, I was already feining for more curry goodness. Moral of the story: GET THE EXTRA SAUCE!! Well worth the spare change.As far as the other vendors, I have yet to try them because I keep coming back for the BBQ lemongrass chicken. Although I did pick up a bag of kettle corn.. it definitely wasn't as tasty as kettle corn from vendor fair, so I'll pass on that.The weekly Farmer's Market on Tuesdays from 9am-2pm. Another reason why I love UCSD! ;)P.S. I will be back to try the crepes, fruit, and sambusas :D
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,11/24/2011,690,277,10,14,11>Japanese BBQ uses coal so the meats have a smoky flavor compared to Korean BBQ. Recommendations: Kobe Boneless Short Rib- I always order 3 or 4 of this! My favorite meat here!Kobe Steak Cut RibTsubo Kalbi Premium Tongue Assorted Mushrooms - My favorite are the shimeji mushrooms! Why can't I order just these specific mushrooms? Nappa Kimchi My boyfriend and I always end up spending over $100 here. But we order a lot, and end up rolling out of here with fat stomachs! Lol.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,11/23/2011,314,412,8,10,9>I wanted to see what the fuss was about. Since I wasn't taking a dance class this semester I thought Zumba would be a nice alternative.Hit up Cat A. because I knew she had gone to a few classes, invited Miss V to come along. Went to check out the Sunday class Ninfa (the owner/instructor) taught w/ a guest instructor for 2 hours. Unfortunately the first time we went Ninfa wasn't there and the guest instructor didn't show up. No biggy still broke a sweat. Since we had already paid for the 2 hours, the next time we went we'd only have to pay for one hour.Since then, I've gone a handful of times. Usually on Friday nights when Kathie WOOHOO! teaches the class and on Sundays for the 2 hour sess. Monday and Wednesday 6pm classes seem to be the popular ones with Ninfa as the instructor. Get a spot closer to the stage so you can see the moves. Buy the 10 class stamp card for $70 ($7/class) because drop - ins are $10/class and that adds up. They'll stamp two on Sundays or you can pay $12. I recommend doing the 2 hours on Sundays, because for 1 hour it's still $10 but for 2 hours it's $12.That is, if you can wake up early enough (Class is at 9am), by the time the class is done, majority of the food places are open in the area. =DI've only taken classes with Kathie and Ninfa, but wouldn't be averse to taking a class with another instructor. Classes are majority women, but some times there are guys.A few guy friends are SUPPOSED to go (sometime soon, that will be fun)
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,11/22/2011,827,98,19,19,19>What's the way to a lady's heart?  I don't know...ask a lady.  If you ask me, it's a meat buffet.  And Rei Do Gado delivers.  Apparently, there are 17 different skewered carnivorous delights, from chicken hearts to bacon wrapped filet mignon, being circulated at any one time.  Before giving them the meat green light, we decided to check out the salad bar...it was, after all, a first date.The salad bar is full of delicious things.  Cheeses, salads, soups, breads, vegetables, shrimp, a bowl full of crispy bacon, and CRAB LEGS!  My heart was singing--and was complimented by the almost-on-point-piano player that was still totally awesome.  I stacked my plate, and even though we were warned to save lots of room for the main attractions, I just can't say no to a pile of crab...and here's a hint.  If there is a bowl of bacon--everything has the potential to be bacon wrapped.  And bacon wrapped things are always better than things that are not wrapped in bacon.  You're welcome.  We gave them the green light, and the meat started coming...fast.  Our table was visited so frequently, we had to pump the breaks and flip the green knob to red.  There were things that I loved, things that I liked, and things I didn't care for--but what's the point in writing about those kinds of details when the opportunity to try everything is there. Under the circumstances, I did think twice about going back for more crab--but date or no date, I just can't say no to a second pile of crab legs. As far as a first date goes, an all you can eat meat buffet may not for everyone, but it was definitely for me.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,11/21/2011,333,220,8,10,11>I love Saturday at the Little Italy Mercato, it truly is a wonderful farmers market with cool vendors and live music to boot.  Well to be honest, getting there is half the fun.  We wake up Saturday to the delightful sound of chirping blue birds & warm sun peaking through the window (very Zippity Do Dah folks).  Two cups of coffee, two train tickets and we're off!  Headed South to the Santa Fe station which is just a short walk to the farmers market.youtu.be/1Z3bJHUVP2w(play in background while you read review).YELP ALERT...DO NOT eat before the market...that's an order solider!Before getting there we pass the time enjoying amazing views of the California coastline (honestly this is so relaxing).  It's also kinda fun checking out stuff from the perspective of the train; not to mention finding NEW JEMS to yelp on!  Yeah, I'm talking about you "Ali Baba's Cave" near the Sorrento Valley coaster connection...next to the Kwik-E-Mart...I got you on my Yelp "to-do" list!Anyway, the market as stated earlier is killer.  I mean wonderful.  This market is wonderfully killer people.  Some of the amazing finds are:-Organic fruits and vegetables (OK, that was kinda a given)-This "green drink" that contains more vitamins and minerals than Carter has pills!  (old saying my mom drops from time to time please consult Google).-FRESH PASTA of all types and flavors-YUM IN MY TUM!-Flowers (edible ones too)!-Fresh fish and meats-Crazy good Indian food-People selling stuff for Fido (BTW dog friendly here)-This one guy sells pomegranate habanero jelly...buy it!-Gluten free and vegan products...DESSERTS PEOPLE and they look incredible!-If you DON'T run into garlic (fresh, pickled, ropes) you're doin something wrong.-OK, one vendor sells like organic, certified, blessed coffee that is worth every penny!-Once in awhile you may bump into these two ladies selling meatballs...do yourself a favor and put the MEATBALLS in your MOUTH!-You will run into one of San Diego's 21 food carts here and that is a very, very good thing!Do yourself & the local economy a solid GO to Little Italy's Mercato...my O' my what a WONDERFUL DAY!I give this market 9 "SPICY MEAT-A-BALLS" ouuta 10
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,11/20/2011,491,508,15,21,15>MACARONS!!!!Yelp strikes again!  I read all about these sweet treats and heard all about them. The next trend in desserts? Probably not, as the cake pops are the current fad, but I don't need much convincing to stalk out some sweets. $1.75 or $2.25 depending on the flavor. Expensive? Hell yes!  It's for a cookie! Worth it? I'd say so, but then again, I pay over $40 for a dozen cupcakes. Now that's insane!I tried all the flavors and salted caramel was my favorite with red velvet a close second. While I don't know if they're as good as the fancy French versions, they were fantastic in my book.Tons of parking. Just look for the big sign that says Bakery and Cafe. Not Big Joy. That's in print too small to read from your car. As for the other desserts...I'll never know. I don't plan on skipping the macarons...ever.  -1 star for only having Macarons Thursday thru Sunday.  Wednesday was a big thumbs down.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,11/19/2011,720,560,11,12,11>Ok...i can't declare I am a fan since I was tithering between 3 or 4 stars on reviewing the bar.  Like most dive bars, you don't expect much but you also get to see new things.Checklist:Small and dank bar - CheckVarious Characters (not sketchy but different) - CheckCheap to Standard to Draft Beers n Mixed drinks - CheckPricing - reasonable - CheckBathroom - Did nt check this but my friend Jen said the women's bathroom is clean - Super CheckMusic - Rock, Punk, Rockabilly - CheckBBQ outside with the smoke coming in..- Check  but Rossi cooks a mean Carne asada hot dog (got a taste but Roger can review it)The location itself is somewhere I have not been to before, City Heights and the bar itself _ Towers among the neighborhood.  As our friend Jen said, I didn't know it was East of 805 then when i saw her, I said Jen its farther east, its east of the 15 (around Euclid/University).Came here to see Rossi and a couple of bands.  Made it to the first two but my ears are not attuned to loud music for long periods of time.  I had a good time with the group that were there (fellow Yelpers unite!).Overall, I wouldn't be scared to come again. Parking is neighborhood, although they do have a small lot.  I think for an early show, I was comfortable to be here.  I don't know about later in the evening.I should have taken a picture of the Tower, interesting landmark in City Heights!P.S.  Videos played on the TV hilarious but for ADULTS only.  I have seen worse, this was more exploitation stuff with nudity (probably rated R for violence not sex).  Saw an animated talking D*ck on one of the movies, even in my experience of a lot of dive bars, this was hilarious!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2011,11/17/2011,806,340,28,29,28>Being part Chinese and of Asian background,I can tell you that the BBQ pork is authentic and delicious.I also like how the little girl in front can talk with me in both Canto and English. Just gives me that HK, living inthe city, feeling. So, obviously the service is always great.They even treat my roundeye friends with respect.Very warmhearted and gracious as all of my people are.The serving arrangement is also fun. They serve everyonein Styrofoam take out trays and give you plastic forks. This isvery economical and efficient. I like it. If I choose to dine in, I don't have to ask for a to go box. If I decide I want take out because I need to get to the library, begin my quest of conquering the world or get to school; the meal is already packed and ready for me to dine on the run.The food is general basic American/Chinese fare. The stand out is the BBQ Pork.I have tried over half the menu and this is the one item to try here. The only item, really. Chung Hing has the best Chinese BBQ pork in San Diego.*^Serious post. The only real serious thing in this whole review.The BBQ pork is good, folks.GOOD.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,11/16/2011,380,414,8,25,20>For the price and the result, I'm totally satisfied!!!One thing I'm very confused about this store is the price range.  At the door, it says 18 dollars!  Last time I went, I spent $22+tips, but my friend spent $25+tips.  The length is pretty the same, but they charge differently.Anyways, I had Lana as my stylist.  I will go back for sure!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,8/2/2012,242,315,17,12,12>I got a kick out of Bahn Thai. They may be sadists, but I like them anyway.Man Candy, my almost husband, doesn't understand his own ability (or lack thereof) to consume spicy foods. Don't get me wrong, the man can toss back some spice. He grew up in New Mexico eating green chilis on everything that moves. Hell, he probably ate them on his pancakes and his ice cream. I don't know. What he doesn't understand is that just because he ate green chili growing up, it doesn't mean that he can stomach absolutely any level of spice.And let me tell you, Bahn Thai has got his number, spice-wise. As usual, we ordered way too much food, cuz that's what we do when we go somewhere new and get overwhelmed by the awesomeness of the menu. We stuff our faces. Or at least we try. Or at least I stuffed my face here.Man Candy ordered the food "like Thai people hot, not white people hot". Maybe he doesn't understand that you do NOT mess with the spice of food originating in countries that close to the equator. They're designed to make you sweat, and we're pasty white punks from the arctic. Those two things don't mix.Since my spice sensor buds are long since singed off by cajun food and way too hot soups, I thought this food was amazeballs delicious. Man Candy, on the other hand, may still have mouth burns from our visit a couple of weeks ago. At least his pride is still on fire.It was one of the saddest sites I've seen in a while. Bright red, sweating, sad faced Man Candy watching me eat my delicious dinner while he watched, starving. He simply could not eat it! And it was all his fault. I offered to take him somewhere else to eat, but he only wanted what he couldn't have. Eventually we came up with a solution. I ordered him a Thai tea and he alternated between sip swish bite. Repeat. It was HI-LAR-IOUS!Anyway, this place is awesome. Their Tom Kha soup warmed my soul, and the drunken noodles were the thing of legend. I will come back, but next time I'm doing the ordering. And you can bet your ass I'm asking for white people medium.Oh and it totally bears mentioning that is it totally, 100% OUR fault that Man Candy couldn't eat the food. In fact, at one point they asked if it was too spicy and he said no. Damn pride.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/1/2012,170,339,5,7,5>Definitely get the daily special drink on the board when you are there.  This place is always delicious and always has excellent service.  They are an awesome local business and always seem to be working on some fund raiser for the community.  If your vegetarian they have the option of having vegetarian beans substituted.  Or if you are the type of vegetarian that doesn't want to be told that because you want to secretly enjoy refried beans with lard, then I didn't say anything. ;)I'd like it if they had a mole sauce or two, horchata, and cheese or other vegetarian tamales.  I'm stoked they have chilaquiles but I have yet to try it.  They have a good happy hour from 4-6 and then again from 9 til 10pm erry day.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/31/2012,585,211,6,8,7>LOVE this "bar", as it's more of a speakeasy. You need to add yourself to guest list earlier in the day and they only take parties of 6 or less. They kind of expect groups to kind of trickle in beginning at 7pm, grab a few drinks, then trickle out throughout the night, however I've only been after 10pm and have never had much of a wait/line.This venue is super unique in that it plays LIVE jazz music and that you custom order your drinks. They have a changing menu of craft cocktails, but you can also tell the bartenders what flavors (I love cucumber/mint drinks, and also the ones which contain egg white!), type of alcohol, potency, and they'll make it to your tastes. Try ordering from the manager as he's usually spot on with my orders ;)
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,7/30/2012,548,308,11,11,7>I don't know how to break this to you, but I've been seeing someone. Not everyday. Once, maybe twice a week. I know, I know, I should be ashamed, it's a lot. It's just been a few months. But I just can't help it. You see, Raglan has things the rest of OB just doesn't have. And they just keep getting better and better. I mean, where else can you find breakfast for six dollars on the weekends? From open, long before I roll out of bed, until 1pm they have sandwiches with bacon and avocado, egg white omelets with soyrizo and french toast. And, the french toast is crusted in Captain Crunch! You've never done that before. And forget your old soggy hash browns. Raglan's savory breakfast items come with tater tots. And not just a few like you'd get in elementary school lunch, but a lot. And the wasbi ailoi makes eating tots as an adult perfectly acceptable. Without rubbing it in, they also have a banging brunch buffet on Sundays. With waffles, and omelets you can design, and fried chicken, and more. More! They have specials on drinks too, so if you don't want to fill up on breakfast, you can sip a mimosa or bloody beer and the world will feel better again. You probably could use one now, I imagine.This part is really going to sting. On Mondays, they have a special on their flights of beers. Yeah, any time you get to mix beers it's already special. I know that. But on Mondays, they do something most places don't. They give you half off. Yeah, you heard me right. I've been sampling Raglan's large beer selection in 4 ounce portions. SIX samples. And because it's our special night, Raglan let's me have them for only $6. No, not each. $6 for six samples of beer for a total of 24 ounces. I knew this day would come when I'd tell you the truth, and I've been avoiding it like the plague. But the one thing I won't be avoiding anytime soon is Raglan. So you can either get over yourself and come with me, or sit there and mope.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/29/2012,162,667,3,3,6>One of the best consumer experiences I have EVER had occurred when, by chance, I walked into the T Deli. This will be the last thing I touch upon in this review. I took my buddy Jason to the DMV, felt hungry as hell, and decided to walk to University Ave in search of healthy food. This was when I spotted the T Deli with its sign advertising healthy food and drinks. This place is AWESOME, and has become a new favorite spot. Ambiance and atmosphere: It is very clean and contemporary inside, with some zen touches (a large statue of Buddha and some Asian tea pots adorn the room). Food: AMAZING. I had the turkey sandwich on wheat bread. The sandwich was HUGE (shared it with Jason). It came with cheese, avocado, pickle, onion, lettuce, tomato, and jalapenos. The ingredients were fresh and full of color, and the bread was toasted like a panini. They have between 50 and 100 types of tea (the place looks like a tea house when you walk in). I had the blueberry tea, iced, and it was tasty, refreshing, and healthy. AND NOW FOR THE BEST PART: Customer service: Before the friendly gentleman behind the counter even took my sandwich order to the kitchen, I realized I had left my wallet in the car back at the DMV. I was frustrated with myself, and said I would come back. The guy told me to go ahead and take my sandwich back to the DMV, and said I could simply pay him when I was done. I said "wow, you are very trusting of a total stranger". He replied with a big smile that I didn't look like a bad person, and he told me that as a customer, I was no stranger to him. I think this guy might have escaped from a Norman Rockwell painting, because the treatment I received from  him was reminiscent of the small town brotherly kindness and trust that such community members would extend to one another. In short, this guy earned my loyalty, and i will be back for the yummy food and tea. And, yes, an hour later I returned to pay him, and he charged me the happy hour price! Good food, AMAZING customer service, chill ambiance, I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE!
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/28/2012,184,203,7,7,8>My friends live within walking/stumbling distance of the High Dive which is probably the best thing that has happened to me, quite possibly ever.  I knew I loved this bar on my first visit when I saw a Kenyan flag hanging with others from around the world.  As I rarely see anything from this favorite country of mine where I used to live, I figured the universe was trying to tell me that this is the place for me.  Several subsequent visits later and those love at first visit feelings have only grown and blossomed, going strong through the honeymoon phase into one fabulous relationship.  This is hands down my favorite bar in San Diego.  The things I love about the High Dive:1.  They have one killer beer selection that showcases the best of San Diego along with classic heavy hitters from the Bay Area, Belgium, and Germany.  Going to the High Dive reminds me that god loves San Diego more than most other places.  Not only are we blessed with some ridiculously good weather year round, we have local brews that make the rest of the country green with envy.2.  The staff is great.  Not only are they friendly and helpful, they have colorful personalities which makes the experience that much more interesting.3.  This place has such a fun atmosphere.  From arcade games and TVs to watch baseball, basketball or football to the spacious patio your possibilities for what you can do here are endless.4.  High Dive has some seriously delicious bar food.  I have tried most things on their menu and my favorites include the High Dive Nachos, Big- Itos, their pizzas such as I Heart Meat and The Mexican, and The Bay Park Breakfast Burrito.  I especially love their salads like Thai Chicken and Pear and Gorgonzola, which are great since you can also get them as wraps  I recommend halves.  Even if you are sharing, these are definitely American portions.5.  There is always a great crowd at The Dive.  We have had some incredible conversations with new friends and ran into old familiar faces.  It is definitely the  neighborhood hangout.6.  They have specials almost every day.  Beyond their regular Happy Hour you can come in and get nightly specials like $6 pizzas on Wednesday or $2 off appetizers on Thursdays, making already reasonable prices even more doable.Writing this review, despite the fact that I was there Yesterday, makes me want to back right now.  If you know what's good for you, you will be heading to The Dive soon too.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,7/27/2012,55,95,2,14,9>Best cupcakes I've had! I had the lemon meringue and it was a work of art - the way it tasted and the way it looked! I loved the little sugared orange-peel detail on top, the meringue that literally melted into a white, fluffy cloud in my mouth, & the soft cake in the bottom. I was driving by and saw the "CUPCAKES" sign I've never seen before (b/c it just opened) so BFF and I were snooping around, trying to take a peek at the new store. Even though they closed 10 minutes prior, they opened the doors and welcomed us in - and I got my yummy lemon meringue cupcake! Oh I love small businesses :)Will definitely be back for more flavors! PS - I wish they'd decorate the walls more b/c it seems like a sad, empty space (ie paint walls with different color(s)? Or frames? pictures? writings?)... but it's really not sad at all b/c their cupcakes are AMAZING!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,7/26/2012,285,281,7,10,12>When I was a child I was surrounded by a cadre of smokers and I developed some serious bronchial issues.  Pneumonia was a regular companion of mine, and I had scarlet fever too.  Many of my memories include me lying on the family sofa in agony, watching television and drinking flat 7-up with a cool washcloth on my forehead.Since I've been out on my own, many of my lung issues started to fade away with the clean air and pranayama yoga practice.  But just a few weeks ago I caught the flu, even though I got a flu shot late last year.  Yep. I was down with the full-blown can't eat anything, can't talk, can't walk flu.  I was down and out for well over a week. In just four days, I had lost 10 lbs.  My coughing was so bad that my physician prescribed vicodin - so that the pain in my old damaged lungs could be numbed out and I could sleep. Chun P. was really worried about me, and even took time off of work to stay home and take care of me.  After the 4th day I had to eat something and he got the marvelous idea to go to Tajima and get some soup to go.  He came home with two giant styrofoam cups filled with hot broth, separate containers of noodles, fresh cooked veggies and chicken slices and set up fixing me up a hot bowl of ramen.  Fumbling with a big Chinese spoon, I sipped the broth and the corners of my lips unconsciously curled up into a smile.  Not only was the soup delicious, I felt like it was healing me from the inside out.  My sinuses opened and my heart felt a little lighter.It was still quite awhile before I was 100% on my feet again, but I'd like to say that Tajima had something to do with that.  Plus my leftover soup was still great even on the 2nd day!  Thanks Tajima!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,7/25/2012,324,343,10,12,10>I've never tried Ethiopian food before but, man oh man am I glad I chose Muzita for my first experience!Eat with your hands? HECK YES. No better way to get closer to your dining companions than smothering your germs all over the plate that they're also eating from. What an interesting experience.We ordered 3 entrees and 3 different sides --Entrees: Dorho Kilwa, Siga Kilwa and the Kantishi KilwaSides: Timtimo (red lentils), Hamli (cabbage in tomato stew), Alitcha Atakilti (stew veggies, mostly potatoes)Overall we found that the entrees and sides we ordered had a lot of depth. They all had different flavor profiles but, we were fans of every dish.  The favorite of the night was definitely the Dorho Kilwa though. Flavorful pieces of chicken (white meat) with strong flavors of garlic and chili pasta. Oh man, we found ourselves wanting more even though we were stuffed.I've heard mixed things about Injera..some people aren't a fan of the sour taste and consistency but, I loved it. It tasted like a spongy sourdough bread and it soaked up all the saucy goodness on the plate. YUM! Awesome experience for groups or dates. Although just make sure that the group you're going with doesn't mind the different hands in their food...make sure your date doesn't mind either. And if he minds, find another date--I like a man that is willing to get his hands dirty!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,7/24/2012,123,368,13,11,12>This fine establishment seems out of place on the Asian strip of Convoy Street. I came here with three of my Asian peeps for dinner a while back. Surprisingly, most of the customers and staff were Asian. As the lone black person inside at the time, I was greeted with stares from the staff and some of the customers. It didn't bother me however because they did an outstanding job with service.The food here is good; definitely a great representation of Louisiana style seafood. The portions were excellent as well. Make sure you have plenty of towelettes and/or napkins nearby because I guarantee you that your hands will be very messy!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,6/8/2012,113,145,11,13,11>Does your chiropractor call you on a Sunday evening offering to bring a table to your house to adjust you? Does he literally welcome you with open arms and a huge smile when you limp into his office? Is every one of the office staff worthy of five Yelp stars and a snap? If not, get thee to Dr. Beau Casey at CHIROPRACTIQUE urban retreat * north park. The man has God working through his hands. My so-sore-I-could-hardly-walk-yesterday back is now a back in BLISS.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,6/7/2012,281,408,6,6,6>The other day I was talking about hockey at work and someone happened to comment on the fact that the two sports I clearly love are violent - hockey and football. Whatever, I just like to cheer on dudes that hit each other hard (Steelers rule anyone?). Either way, it's hard to find a darn place in San Diego that will allow for hockey watching. Randy Jones All American Sports Grill (or as I call it "that Randy Jones place") allows for it. They even accommodate my need to watch the Pens and his need to watch the Rangers.  We did have to be same side sitters once, which was only palatable because it meant we each got our own giant screen TV. The food is a step up from typical bar food (though they do have it with the wings, pizzas and burgers) which is great when you just don't feel like grease. I really, really, really love the Randy Jones BBQ. I don't think our waitress was at all amused when I asked if I could have a vat of it to swim in. She did, however, bring me a side of it for purposes of making my food swim in it. So, there's that. Another plus is the beer selection, a lot of local brews and various micro brews sold by the pint or pitcher. Prices are reasonable ranging from $15 per pitcher of Coors Light (but really with all the other choices why on earth would you buy Coors Light. Oh. Wait. I once went to Pizza Port with someone who tried to get a Miller Light, so I guess it's the same thing) to $22 for the more high end specialty pitchers. I'll take that. But, really, the fact that they're total enablers for my violent sports affliction is why I love them.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,6/6/2012,197,258,10,10,11>I'm actually SALIVATING as I write this review. Memories of my dinner here on Saturday night have consumed me for the past four days. The food at this little hole in the wall amidst the crazy Saturday night PB crowd was just delicious! Very different from what I'm used to, which I love.While my fiance and I waited for the rest of our dinner party, our server brought out a little dish of Peruvian corn. The kernels were crisp, lightly salted, and tasty. Great little appetizer.But two appetizers are always better than one! The cebiche de pescado was yummy; the BIG chunks of sea bass were fresh and had the perfect texture. I read a review further down stating that the lemon marinade overpowers the fish, and I totally see where that statement is coming from; the lemon juice is rather strong. However, if you lightly shake off the pieces sitting in the marinade (or lightly dip the pieces on top that aren't sitting in marinade), you should get the perfect amount of lemon-chili kick. I loved it. And the large kernels of another type of Peruvian corn sitting alongside the fish were just so tasty. Speaking of corn...my friend ordered the chicha morada, which is a Peruvian (non-alcoholic) drink made of purple corn and spices. It looked like red wine...and tasted so good. I'd never had anything like it!My next revelation: the Aji de Gallina!!!! I hadn't eaten PULLED chicken in quite awhile and had forgotten how much I like it in that form. The sauce was creamy and rich, and the boiled potatoes underneath were soft and delicious. I passed around my plate, and everyone unanimously agreed that it was the best dish (and by far the heaviest; go figure). I also sampled the Tallarin Saltado de Carne de Res (amazingly flavorful beef with some simple, yummy noodles) and the steamed Pescado a la Chorillana (perfectly cooked fish, yummy red sauce). Both were great, though my Aji was still the winner in my mind.Craving even more calories? Why yes I was...time for dessert! We ordered the Lucuma ice cream and two orders of alfajores, and shared among our group. Oh man, those alfajores...tiny bites of deliciousness that blew our minds. They look nothing like the ones pictured on the restaurant's website, but were just fabulous in a flaky, powdered sugary, caramel-y way. The ice cream was also really good...the fruit flavor was subtle and it had an almost buttery taste to it. I left VERY happy...not just because of how good everything was, but also because I love trying things that are so different from what I normally eat! I want to come back soon, but I'll have to pick a day that I don't mind tripling my normal caloric intake again. This place has "post-wedding binge" written all over it. See you soon, Latin Chef.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2011,6/5/2012,330,292,10,10,10>I gotta say, best happy hour ever! $4 Papi Hour really makes me happy, in more ways than one... ;]Baja Betty's isn't the most authentic Mexican establishment in San Diego, but when it comes to delicious drinks, food, and service, they deliver. For less than $10 a person, you'll be stuffed and quite possibly intoxicated. Hey, they don't call me "one shot wonder" for nothin'. Also, who doesn't love free tortilla chips and pico de gallo?? Great HH eats include:- Elote grande corn - perfectly seasoned and delectable. Since I was born in the year of the rabbit, I'm making it a habit to munch on more vegetables. *nibble nibble*- Mini fish tacos - they taste better than what you can from Rubio's and are generously topped with guacamole and salsa.- Carnitas 'dilla - five large triangles filled with juicy carnitas is more than enough to share!- Baja fries - as much as I like curly fries, they weren't as crisp as I'd like. I'd prefer the shredded beef on top of shoestring or even steak fries.- Strawberry margarita - stiff, yet sweet. Very tasty, but a bit too strong for me. My partner really enjoyed it though.The wait staff are efficient and friendly, even during a full house. The ambiance is nice, since I'm a fan of dim-lit places. Not as dim as steakhouses, so your eyes won't struggle to adjust.Great food. Great drinks. Great people.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,6/3/2012,20,182,6,22,7>I am an instant fan after just one visit.  I am thrilled to have this place open up in my neighborhood.I stopped in for lunch today and asked for a recommendation for something extra spicy with lots of garlic.  David recommended the szechuan chicken and noted my request to go heavy on the garlic/spice.  The entree delivered on all counts.  It was delicious.  The egg drop soup that arrived first was outstanding, made with fresh corn.  Yum.Service was exceedingly friendly and the entree portion was enormous.  Prices were much less than I expected ($6.25 lunch special included fried wontons or an egg roll, egg drop soup, steamed rice and a huge portion of the main event).Welcome to the neighborhood, Mandarin Beijing.  You're my new habit.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2011,6/2/2012,180,430,6,11,9>I originally had tried to make an appointment at A Salon Paul Mitchell since I had heard so many good things, but they were completely booked up for the whole month. Luckily, thanks to Yelp, I found out about Delight Salon. I asked for an appointment with Lana. She was able to squeeze me in on the weekend. Hooray!She did a great job on the layers and the bangs. I asked her to chop off nearly 8 inches, so I was glad that she knew what she was doing. In the end, I was happy with the cut, which was only $25. She asked me if I wanted her to style it, which I originally agreed to untill I found out she charges about $10 extra, so opted out. One thing I think could have been approved upon is the professionalism of the salon. She and the other ladies in the salon were just talking amongst one another...quite loudly. One was discussing how her brother's girlfriend was arrested for DUI and domestic violence. Um...okay. Couldn't they wait to have that conversation? To be fair, Lana wasn't the one telling the story. Lana was very nice, but she hardly spoke to me  at all and had a somber face on the entire time. Maybe my hair was THAT bad? I don't know.Regardless, I'm not going to hold it against her for not being a talkive. She is a great stylist. My next trim will be here.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,6/1/2012,472,277,7,10,7>I was sitting here just a couple of hours ago, waiting for Boulevard Auto to complete an oil change and smog my car. Has this place changed management since i was last here almost two years ago?!I walked in with a free coffee voucher from BA and was greeted warmly by the guy who makes the sandwiches & slices the deli meat and the woman working the cashier. I didn't order anything besides the coffee and asked if there was a restroom available (I was testing to see how good the service is here). The woman working the register didn't hesitate to show me where the private restroom was- DEFINITELY a sign of someone who cares about anyone who walks in the store, whether they make an actual purchase or not. She didn't turn me down just because I didn't pay for anything. Unbeknownst to her, I was planning on purchasing a pound of prosciutto ($13.99) and a pound of Londonroast ($11.99) before I walked back to Boulevard Auto to pick up my car. I proceeded to sit in the store without purchasing anything for the next hour and 15 minutes. I noticed that they had a steady stream of regulars and not-so-regulars. One guy came in announcing that he had been in once one month ago. Surprisingly, the guy who makes the sandwiches (I'm also going to guess that he's the owner), said that he remembered the guy. I figured it was small talk... until the owner made some personal remarks. The owners remember all sorts of details- a woman's mom came in sans daughter, but with dog. They remember who is planning on moving, which sandwiches the customer prefers, etc. All teas just $2.50- I heard one customer say that the passion tea is awesome. I made my purchase just before I left. The woman asked me when exactly I was planning on leaving bc if I had a while to wait, she was going to package my deli meat with ice packs at no extra charge. I was leaving right away, but she gave me an ice pack anyway.Larry [Boulevard Auto] suggested the panini AFTER I had already left the cafe. No worries, I will try it next time! (Just a side note: Don't doubt Larry's recommendations. I have scored MAJOR brownie points with my friends and family based on things he's recommended).While Larry was bantering with me over how much I owed him, the woman came running into Boulevard Auto. As it turns out, I didn't know that half of my order was missing, and she had come running down the block after me to make sure I got what I paid for. I left BA with Larry trying to decide what sandwich he wanted to order from the woman.One thing is for certain- there is no way I'm going to let another two years go by before I come back to this place. It's a little out of the way, but I wouldn't hesitate to come back (I'll probably be back within the week). In fact, I usually procrastinate to write my reviews, but I love this place so much that I came home after work and promptly rated it!PS. My latte was awesome. Better Buzz, you have some serious competition!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,5/31/2012,227,758,17,31,27>My fiancé and I had been engaged about a week when we began to think about choosing a photographer to shoot our engagement photos.  A few days later my mom gave me a heads up about a LivingSocial deal for a 30-minute session (with 5 high-resolution digital images) with photographer Christina O'Brien.  After viewing Christina's online portfolio and cool blog I purchased the deal and called to schedule our photo shoot at the location of our choice--the Cabrillo National Monument tide pool area--for mid-November.Christina is professional, personable, and charming, and we appreciated that she worked with us longer than the half hour we paid for.  She was incredible during our session, making the experience fun and providing excellent direction.  She even had a good laugh with us near the end of the shoot after I completely wiped out on the smooth cliff rocks, my dress and I landing in a big puddle of water that the failing daylight had concealed.As promised, about a week after our shoot Christina emailed us the link to 73 professionally edited images.  We chose the 5 photos that were part of the LivingSocial deal and also purchased quite a few additional photos in required multiples of 5 at the special price of 5/$42.  Christina understood exactly what I meant when I mentioned that my guy and I envisioned dramatic/edgy engagement photos versus the typical oh-look-how-happy-and-in-love-we-are photos; she really nailed it.My fiancé and I were so pleased with our experience that we ordered custom designed save-the-date magnets from Christina and are now corresponding to hopefully work out a budget/contract for our wedding day photography.  Our repeat business speaks volumes about this talented photographer.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,5/30/2012,242,397,7,7,8>Babs provides the burger I was looking to find at Crazee Burger. At the time, I described it as fantabulawesome; it's that good.I ordered the White Hot Burger and some fries. The fries arrived first, and OMG they were a revelation. They caused me to rethink everything I thought I knew about French fries. In particular: the little granny in the back adds a spice cocktail that includes cumin. Cumin! Have you ever considered the possibilities? I couldn't stop munching on them.Then the burger arrived. Plump and juicy. I had given Crazee a little benefit of the doubt that the dryness was due to how the burgers were ordered. Babs didn't even ask, but it didn't make a difference; the burger was *that* good. The patty was stuffed with pepper-jack cheese and topped with rather spicy hot sauce that brought color to my face.The sole flaw perhaps in an otherwise excellent package was the unexciting, albeit passable, bun. Babs should invest in some artisan bread.Summary: I don't know why Babs changed their name from the B-spot. It certainly hit mine.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,5/29/2012,414,404,14,16,9>5 Miles of Bliss5 Miles of flatness5 Miles of deathly heat during the summer5 Miles of nippiness during the winter5 Miles of a good view of water (always on your right or left depending if you do counter clock wise or clock woise)5 Miles of serenityIf you couldn't tell, the lake is about 5 miles around and is almost completely flat.  If you're training for any endurance event, it works wonders to go here and train.  My suggestion is to go near dusk so you can see the sunset across the lake.  Oddly enough, it doesn't look  5 miles around the reason being is all those darn pesky fingers that have you cutting in and out of what looks like the main path.  These fingers are great for training also because they are where the small inclines are.  Overall, I love coming to this place, not only for running but also for feeding the ducks.  It'll be our fun weekend thing to do if we have bread and are bored at home.  5 stars for 5 miles.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,11/14/2007,119,79,3,2,6>I woke up Sunday morning at 3:45am to run the AFC half marathon in San Diego.  3hrs of sleep.  That'll have to do.  Right now, I need fuel.4:15am: 1 bowl instant oatmeal, and a bottle of water.5:15am: 4 slices of Spam and brown rice and a bottle of water.6:45am: GU pack #1; chocolate, caffeinated, and a swig of Gatorade.7:30am: GU pack #2 + H2O8:00am: GU pack #3 + H2O8:30am: GU pack #4 + H2O9:02am: I cross the finish line and celebrate with some suman cassava.10:15am: a banana, and some orange slices and GatoradeBy 10:30, my stomach was ready to crawl out and yelp for itself for some REAL FOOD.  DZ Akin's to the rescue!Unfortunately, as expected, parking is scarce.  Minus 1 star for bad parking situation.  Definitely come early or expect to starve for a while.  At 11:15, our wait for a table for 8 was 20-30 min (which actually, was a pleasant surprise).I usually get the humongous matzah ball soup and a sandwich.  But I usually can only eat one half of the sandwich after I'd devoured the matzah ball soup.  I didn't want to carry anything so I skipped the soup.The sandwich selection is varied with lots of standard choices, but that doesn't mean you can't make one up for yourself.  The sandwiches are huge and require double-jointed jaws to be able to take a bite out of them.  Thus, it requires a bit of sandwich re-engineering to fit normal human mouths.  Buckets of free pickles and various mustard choices make this a sandwich eater's heaven.I need to go home more often...
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2007,11/13/2007,13,10,4,6,5>WHOA WHOA WHOA!  At first, I thought this restaurant had the BEST California burrito EVER because I discovered this place hung-over, but then I drove all the way from my apartment in La Jolla to Golden Hill just to try it again and now I'm HOOKED!  There are around 1,000 taco shops between my house and this one, but I wouldn't go anywhere else.  And their California burrito already comes with all the goods on it.... perfect-cut carne asada grilled to order, potatoes (not fries), fresh shopped salsa, cilantro, chunky guacamole, and sour cream too!  None of this "can you add this and can you add that."  These guys know how to make one damn good burrito!!!  My roommate and I give it 4 thumbs up!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2007,11/12/2007,137,143,5,3,6>The place was at capacity when we arrived... the only reason we got in was because my friend (male) was friends with the doorman. Why we wanted to go in somewhere that was at capacity to begin with, is beyond me. But as I was a guest, I wasn't going to complain.Upon entry, my old friend orders a round of "mind erasers" (first big red flag should have flown here) and toasts to us all lowering our inhibitions (second big red flag should have flown here but since we were already a good 5 drinks deep, there were no flags, and I dutifully downed my drink - amazing alliteration, I know). Oh, and question, are you really supposed to take this drink as a shot or did he make this up to get us to drink it faster? I'm skeptical.Minds erased - we pushed our way down to the dance floor where we attempted to dance along to some interesting remix's, including one of The Outfield's "Your Love" which I found a little strange but sung along nonetheless - classic song, just seems kind of wrong to remix it. The crowd was insane, we could barely move, let alone dance. I don't know that I've ever had my ass grabbed by so many strangers before.2 drinks and 100 ass grabs later, we escape to continue our mission for more booze and Mexican food. God, that was a long night. I had a blast at Typhoon, however, if my mind had been any less erased or if I was with any less amazing a group of people, I think I would have considered it the equivalent of a Bar None - overcrowded and overhyped. Ps. I was in a tank top and shorts the entire night and was never cold!!! Mind blowing to a San Franciscan - I miss you already San Diego.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2007,11/10/2007,0,0,13,6,9>Only a 1/2 mile from Mexico, I figured there would be a lot of bars and cool spots to have a good time. I was wrong. My brother moved to to Imperial Beach about 4 months ago and he says there are only a few local spots and they are not very special. "The Plank" as it's called by the locals, is right at the end of Palm just before the water. My brother and his friends have been frequenting The Plank lately because of all the fights that break out on a nightly basis. They are all in the Navy so they enjoy that type of thing...not me though. I like my teeth. At the door there was a bouncer checking I.D.s probably because there was a cop car not far from the entrance to the bar. Inside it wasn't incredibly crowded. $3.50 later my Captain & Diet was ordered and I was on my way to gettin' my buzz on. Tons of pirate and sea going decor on the walls. Above the bar they had some bamboo crap that looks like they found it outside of a closed down Long John Silvers Seafood. For the most part a friendly crowd. I noticed the security staff here were all over the place, and they were NOT friendly, because they kept bumping into people as they walked through the crowd and I saw them pick up mostly full drinks. The fight tonight would be with me if they touched my drink. Hell no! Not going to happen. It was a touch warm inside so I went out toward the patio and saw they had their outdoor heaters going. WHY!?!?!! It was NOT cold outside. These lamps just made it miserable. I saw this woman turn one of them off and without fail a Plank security guy came and turned it right back on. It's really hard to walk around anywhere in this bar because of the way it's set up. There are tables where there shouldn't be and people just stand anywhere..which is usually in the way. No wonder people fight here,Asshole Security StaffHeaters when it's already hotCramped spacesCheap Drinks served quickAlready drunk Patrons ordering tons more to drinkAfter having 3 more drinks I went to the bathroom.. OK now this was interesting. While standing in line to take a leak... I still had my captain & diet in hand to sip on.  As I was standing there this super trashy woman in her early 50s walked up and started talking to this girl next to me. This white trash lady lunged forward and tried to take a damn drink out of my cup! Can't you believe that shit?  It was in slow motion too... When she leaned forward.. I was like..."Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo" I covered my drink with my hand and she said: "well, honey you have it out and what do you expect?"How about get your own fucking drink? What hell is that crap? People just randomly trying to drink out of your cup. Niiiiicee! So finally, after beating away all the trashy people from drinking out of my cup, I made it inside of the bathroom.  Whoa? This is the bathroom?Clearly meant for 1 person to use at a time. Now, I'm a very secure man. I was blessed with a decent sized penis and I'm not worried about gay guys checking out my package because that's what gay guys do right? But there is a different problem with this situation here.  Toilet  (4 inches) Piss Trough ( 2 inches) SinkWhat the hell? Seriously..you could be taking a shit and reach across the piss trough and turn on the water to the sink!! That's just nasty! I'm POSITIVE there has been some piss splash from the piss trough to the sink. It's 2'' AWAY!!! :The whole bathroom was about 4' wide. While you are pissing, there's a guy washing his hands about 3 inches away. Worst bathroom I have ever seen anywhere. I'd rather piss outside. wow  that was gross/uncomfortable. Well, After suffering through this lovely visit to the plank..it was now 1am and the bar staff closed the patio. I grabbed my brother and told him we should just bail out. Place wasn't worth hanging out until 2am. Walked outside to see what? I counted exactly 9 cop cars. Yes... 9!! Were they expecting a riot? Thank God we were walking back to the pad or we would have been in deep shit.  People were getting fucked with by the po po everywhere! Cars were pulled over everywhere and cops were standing around harassing people leaving on foot too. We made it through the gauntlet of cops and headed home.  Yes this place is local, is it worth it? No Next time I visit my brother we are drinking at his pad or we are going to drive to PB ..Ok maybe not PB but we'll go somehwere cool
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,11/9/2007,607,243,29,14,14>::Cue "BOM CHICKA WAH WAH CHICKA WAH" music::Hey Fred,You are the paprika to my life. You are a purveyor of some delicate, yet tantalizing lingerie that makes my fantasy juices flow with creativity and lust. *Rawr*Victoria got nothin' on you, her designs pale in comparison to your exotic designs. I'm sure I'm not the only one that's going to say this, but...thanks for spicing up our lives.Lusting Always,Josephine Z.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2007,11/8/2007,180,133,15,11,13>This could be quite possibly the most expensive cover charge you'll ever pay to get into a sports bar where high heels tower, mini-skirts run short, cleavage smacks you right in the face if you don't watch where you're walking and the cougars are on the prowl. Oh, your diet is lacking a little protein? Not to worry, this place is full of meat heads. Not to leave anyone out, so I'll give honorable mentions to the preppies, the spoiled-brat-stuck-up-snobs, the mom's with their infant child and the two year old rug rat that I saw running around (probably trying to get as far away from the cougars as possible) - And, of course, to anyone else I may have left out and/or forgotten ...So you get the picture right? Did I mention it was located at a Major League Baseball park? Within PETCO Park? In Left Field? On the fourth floor of the Western Metal Supply Co. Building? Wow, I'm not quite sure how that may have escaped my mind ... Maybe it was the raping in the wallet I took for requesting an alcoholic beverage from one of their extremely busy bartenders. Or maybe it was that I thought I was standing in any old sports bar, watching an incredible baseball game on a television screen, when in fact I was only about 350 feet from home plate.There is a porch on the other side of the floor to ceiling glass that impedes my open view of the park. Now if only I had learned patience to stand in line for who the hell knows how long to kick it out there. Just a tip, if you want to enjoy the whole game out on the porch - be prepared to tip the security and line man very well, otherwise, wear a colostomy bag so you don't have to bother stepping off the porch.Now you're probably wondering why I bothered to even give it four stars after all that ... Well, the facts are hard to dismiss - It's hip, it's cool, it's chic... It's in PETCO Park - how cool is that? I'm taking one star off because there are only so many drunk people a sober person can tolerate at once, and this spot well exceeds those limits (believe me, its worse than a club). Speaking of which, The Padres Hall of Fame Bar & Grill has some great potential ... I love baseball, but I do love music even more, and setting up a Dj in this joint would make it even better! Hopefully they'll pick up on that idea and do something with it (If someone from PETCO Park is reading this - PICK ME! PICK ME!).All-in-all - The HOFB&G is a nice spot situated within an already fine establishment that is PETCO Park. They serve more than just beer & Mike's Hard Lemonade's and if you ever feel like playing the field at PETCO Park - here's where you'd do it =)
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2007,11/7/2007,144,74,20,14,14>Oh, Red Robin. You're kinda like the kid who had to wear a helmet to school. He had stickers all over his body and he was generally hilarious. But you didn't want to laugh at him right to his face, and besides ... his intentions were good.The food is ... lame. I mean, the burgers are fine. The meat has definitely been frozen, the veggies are definitely not peaking, the bun is definitely mass-produced. Put it all together, and it's a solid ... fine. Every time I go, I intend to just get a plain burger, but inevitably I get some sort of clever concoction instead. Don't do this. Except for the heart attackey one with the fried egg on it. The other food is generally under the broad umbrella of "I'd definitely eat this if I didn't have other choices".The atmosphere is ... appreciably retarded. I mean, the shlock is layered on thick. There's no room on the walls to hang a matchbook. The exposed ceiling reveals duct work in primary colors. There's neon, TVs, music (bad and loud, generally), and fully saturated colors galore. It all adds up to an off-putting din of collectively overwhelming garage-sale vomit that, if you are in the right mood, is 'charming'. Oh, and they should really open a daycare in here.You know the way people say they love people-watching? But what they really mean is "I love judging people from afar"? If you're like that, and can put that helmet on, you may like Red Robin.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,11/6/2007,353,182,15,14,16>Please Note: This is only a review of their new food court bathrooms.I repeat, This is only a review of their new food court bathrooms!!WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?Man oh man. Never have I wanted to write a review so badly. For starters, let me just say this, Mission Valley Mall was definitely (& still is definitely) not one of my favorite malls. Not to mention the fact that I don't usually like malls to begin with. With that said, I shall carry on with this here review.... Holy shit,  I am telling you now, you are not going to believe this. Okay, okay okay enough is enough, let me just give it to 'ya straight.- Community Bathroom (for both MEN & WOMEN)- Baby/People Changing Rooms- Power Outlets (for things such as a hair straightener or iron )- A MICROWAVE- A Mini/Lowered Toilet for the Children- A Play Area- Cartoons On TV (popeye.the.sailor.man)- Super Tidy Walls- Smelled Good - Was ImpressiveI am not doing this thing justice. Just go see it.....Too bad it will only last for about a month or two before it gets utterly trashed. I am telling you.. i didn't know what hit me as I walked into this bathroom.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2007,11/5/2007,134,206,11,15,9>"Salted Pepper Wings and we're in effect, want you to push it back!" - couldn't help but sing/rap that when we got seated.Salt n Pepa would be so proud, I think. We even danced a little at our table waiting for our food. We were starving and delirious.Yeah, what little ambiance there is here @ Royal Mandarin, is not the kind of ambiance you really want anyway. Big f-in deal. The food is the real star, and oh how brightly it shines. It's cheap, it's tasty, and you'll always have leftover squid. Yum.Recommendations: Salted Pepper Wings (duh, hence the rap)Salted Pepper Squid (A heaping plate of calamari, not chewy!)Cashew Nut Chicken (the good kind)Mongolian Beef (Seriously the best I've ever had ever anywhere anytime ever in my whole life.)Deliciousness. (Pronounced Dee-liss-ee-us-ness)
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2007,11/4/2007,134,160,12,7,9>I have decided that all dive bars smell like stanky feet. That's right, I said it. STANKY.  Well, at least all San Diego dive bars do. The Waterfront is no exception. But once you have a drink, relax, and start having fun with your friends it doesn't even matter anymore. The Waterfront is one of those kind of places. People are fun and friendly. Or are they just drunk? The first time I came here, I was disappointed with the Pozole I ordered. That was mostly due to the fact that it had a layer of greezy tomato sauce on the top of it, which splattered onto my white shirt. Errrggghhhh. The stain came out, but it put me in a foul mood for the day. The second time I came here (ahem, tonight) it was a totally different experience. Holy crap! The burgers are so-o good!!! I couldn't believe it. I actually split a Texas burger with my boyfriend and it was plenty to full is both up with the french fries. Our Yelp crew had an awesome time at this bar! The waitress was a blast, laughed, and had a good time with us even when she dumped all our fries on the floor. (A huge heaping plate of fries came to replace them.) The bar even played "Rio" by Duran Duran, and "Bohemian Rhapsody" by Queen.  Does it get any better than that, people? Come on! If you go, don't forget to help yourself to some freshly popped FREE popcorn in the back of bar! This is a fun place to hang out.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,2/12/2010,2074,1145,20,21,22>what recession? at $72.50 a pop for brunch, this place had a wait list. we were told that the wait for two for sunday brunch was 45 mins so we headed off to explore the beautiful grounds and white sandy beaches. little shops with ice cream and salt water taffy were so tempting to our grumbling stomachs. but once seated, we had rounds of mimosas and bellinis. like anything in life, have a game plan. and here was my foodie diary. round #1 eggs benedict, hit the omelet station, got a tasting of prime rib, crispy bacon, chicken apple sausage, truffled mac n' cheese, and a small bowl of lobster bisque. round #2 oysters, king crab legs, jumbo shrimp, and lobster ravioli. round #3 perused but skipped the noodle bar and went for the charcuterie section with 4 kinds of cheese, fig spread, and a bowl of the gruyere cheese fondue. round #4 mango and chayote salad with a pineapple lime dressing, green apple salad, and a dollop of honeycomb yogurt and berries. skipped the pineapple and watermelon shots and went for a side of cantaloupe. round #5 flan, fudge, dark choco godiva mousse, berries and clotted cream. chocolate and strawberry shot and a chocolate macaroon. skipped the pound cake with toppings as well as the candy section and snatched the almond cake that was super tasty. but the kid in me loved the chocolate fountain. i'm plotting to install one permanently in my apt. the strawberries and marshmallows were so good. i really wanted to dip the wafers but i was going to have a food baby at any moment. the docked star was for not having an espresso nor capp machine. very strange indeed. on our way out, i had one more craving and popped a slice of juicy watermelon to end the food orgy. feeling slightly guilty for all the gluttony, i was in heaven.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2009,2/11/2010,637,268,24,28,33>Cabais Mexi-Deli (yelp.com/biz_photos/aLaS…) doesn't sell carne asada burritos - they sell ground beef burritos (yelp.com/biz_photos/aLaS…). It was ok but I won't be craving another anytime soon. Great breakfast burrito (breakfast burrito # 85 - yelp.com/biz_photos/aLaS…). Nice touch with spice added to the eggs. Everyone that worked there (all two of them) were nice as can be. Their chicken tostada is pretty good, so I was told (yelp.com/biz_photos/aLaS…) by my eating companion. Their pollo asado (or grilled chicken breast as it's listed on the menu - yelp.com/biz_photos/aLaS…, yelp.com/biz_photos/aLaS…) was very good (pollo asado burrito with beans and cheese only) # 24 - yelp.com/biz_photos/aLaS…). As I sat at my table waiting for my food, a tattooed guy walked in who looked exactly like Rob Halford, singer of the British heavy metal band Judas Priest. I knew that Rob lived in Hillcrest so I knew that there was a big possibility that this was him. I told him who he looked like and he confirmed my suspicion. I tried not to act like too big of a fan-boy, so I asked for a quick picture (yelp.com/biz_photos/aLaS…) before his grub arrived. It was kinda surreal hearing his British accent coming from his table while he ate - a (talking) voice that I've been familiar with for the last 25 years.Thanks Cabais Mexi-Deli for bringing myself and the legendary Metal God himself, Rob Halford, together. This just goes to show that there are two things that will ALWAYS bring people together: food and mild cases of halitosis.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2009,2/10/2010,1138,193,18,24,23>THE BEST CARNE ASADA FRIES IN THE WORLD! For you people that think you had good carne asada fries, we'll you better try out Lolitas first before you decide what's the best carne asada fries you ever had. First time I had carne asada fries was at Super Sergios because it was down the street from my high school but one day my homeboy Willin brought me here I fell in love with this place though it was a smaller location but i'm glad they moved into a bigger location where they are currently at right now. They actually take the time to make sure the carne asada beef is up to there expectation. The fries are golden crisp that melts in your mouth with the cheese& guacamole. Also try out the California Burrito, Carne Asada Fries in a burrito! c'mon now! I've even got visitors from out of state and other cities in cali i've brought them here and they all adore and love it! I wouldn't bring them to no other mexican joint other than Lolitas! They have a phoenomenal condiments section (hot sauce, green sauce, carrots, green onions). The staff is very friendly.TIP FOR THOUGHT: **Please call them ahead of time and order by phone** Saves alot of your time! I will constantly come here over & over again for my carne asada fries fix. Peace Yelp Heads!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2009,2/9/2010,1165,834,28,22,24>DATE: December 25.  Christmas Day.TIME: 5:30pm.  Dinnertime.LOCATION: My living room.Given these circumstances, what's the lamest and most cliché thing that this Jew-boy could possibly have done?Chinese take-out... duh.I called up the fine folks at Mandarin House and asked for kung pao chicken and Mongolian beef (hey, I was hungry).  They said it would be ready in 10 minutes.  Perfect.I put on my shoes, drove over, paid, and soon I was back at home, where I discovered that they gave me a complementary wonton soup with my order.  No complaints there.Before long I was noshing on the aforementioned spicy kung pao chicken, which is really quite excellent at repelling the San Diego winter chills.  Moreover, not only did the Mongolian beef taste good, but it also helped me channel my inner Ghenghis-Khan-esque Mongol warrior, which helped me get psyched for a Christmas night marathon of The Lord of the Rings on DVD (natch).Merry Christmas, dear Yelpers.  You're all my Precious.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2009,2/8/2010,282,207,16,26,21>I had to experience this place for myself. I've seen it everywhere: TV, magazines. I had to see what all the hype was for myself.From reading reviews I know this place usually has a long line. I tried to be smart about it and figured there shouldn't be a large crowd on a Tuesday morning. WRONG!!!!!Got there at 9:50 A.M. and there was a line of about 25 people. Yes, on a Tuesday morning. The only plus was that we were able to find street metered parking easily, at a cost of $1.00 an hour with a two hour max.While in line I discovered myself to be among many tourists, after listening to their conversations and the way they were dressed I quickly figured it out. ::Mental note:: Tourist attraction, just like Old Town.I figured if this place always has a line it must be good!!!!!After waiting in line patiently for 30 minutes we were taken inside along with two other parties of two. First off-wholly moley was this place small!! Wow no wonder there's always a line. I counted and there's only indoor seating for about 40 people, and 20 for outdoor, this place is tiny.They crammed us uncomfortably into a table along the wall. Here's the thing, if the person (my husband) sitting along the wall wanted to get up out of their seat to go to the restroom or something the person sitting on the opposite edge (me) had to get up, move my chair out of the way, move the table completely out of the way, in order to let him out. A claustrophobes nightmare!!!!Thankfully we were seated next to friendly people, didn't have a choice we were literally elbow to elbow with perfect strangers. I decided to try the bacon and cheese omelet with some pancakes. My coffee arrives and it's mighty tasty I'm pleased with that, what surprises me is the tea party sized cup it came in. I could down it in one gulp if I wanted but I refrained.One thing I hate is when servers come up from behind and pour more coffee without asking if you want more and without giving you the chance to even say no thanks. Here's the deal, I have a specific way I like my coffee, certain amount of sweetener and creamer. Well when I have 1/3 cup left and they pour more black coffee in it, it throws my cup way off!!!! Let me finish my cup before you serve me more please!!!!OK on to the food....the omelet was great, nice and tasty and just perfect.  The pancakes on the other had were not what I hoped for. I guess it depends on your taste. I like mine to be buttermilky and fluffy, nice and soft, melt in your mouth. These were total opposite and had a taste I had never tasted before. My husband imagines he's an expert and told me it's possible they use cornmeal hence the flavor/taste.What I did appreciate about this place was their customer service. Miss happy let me pour you a bunch of coffee never left us unattended and asked us if we needed anything a couple of times. Who I imagine to be the shift manager came around and was asking everyone how their food was.  Very attentive and I liked that.The bill came and it was $40+ Two coffees, two entrees....yes a little on the pricey side.Long story short..I had to experience the world famousness at least once, and I'm glad I did.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,2/7/2010,393,158,11,19,18>Came for organic produce; ended up spending most of my time and money at the prepared food stands.Extensive variety of amazing dishes from around the globe; many of which are cooked in front of you while you wait in line.Appetizer #1: Tiny Thai coconut pancakes - novel, amazing. 5 50-cent-coin-sized pieces for $1.Appetizer #2: Spicy lentil samosa from African stand. $1 each - bit pricey for the size but quite tasty.  Main course: Middle Eastern spiced beef pita sandwich drenched in hot sauce - delicious. $6.Dessert: Sweet crepe with sugar and lemon from the La Creperie stand - excessive amounts of sugar but very enjoyable. $4.Most of the people in line at the La Creperie vendor were ordering the savory (ie, as opposed to sweet) crepes, which included various pairings of vegetables, eggs, meats, etc... inside the crepe. They looked appetizing but I already had a large main course by this point. Noticed several people walking around holding coconuts with straws in them, drinking the milk. Wanted to try but had enough food and drink by then.Plenty of free samples throughout the market - at the food stands as well as from the produce vendors.Numerous neat, non-food vendors that offered items such as hand-made soap, incenses, household decorations, clothing, etc... The Vintage Religion stand was particularly interesting.If you happen to have a friend with you who works at this Farmers Market, take them with you when shopping for your groceries as some places offer a discount for fellow vendors.  Small live band was playing the whole time we were there. Several people were sitting down on a blanket in front of the band's tent, listening attentively. A couple other individuals, who were more eclectic, were dancing along to the music.Overall, lovely place to grab lunch; will be back soon to do just that.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2010,2/6/2010,280,181,23,25,26>After Happy Hour-ing it up elsewhere, Vanessa T. ("Miss V"), Melissa S. ("Melly Su"), and yours truly ("Lisa Bear") decided to keep the fun going by crashing the Yelp's Night at the Theater HH since we had never been to El Dorado.We parked a couple of blocks away and started running. Running? All I'm going to say is that after a couple of margaritas, a girl's gotta go. So we pretty much ran 2-3 blocks and walked into El D still trying to catch our breaths. We were greeted by some familiar faces and a couple of new ones, all apart of the Yelp family.Needless to say, after running we were thirsty. We ordered a round of Moscow Mules (Vodka, Lime, Ginger Beer, and Aromatic Bitters) and they were perfect! They're even served up in cute mason jars versus the usual copper tin mugs.Looking around, El D was smaller than I was expecting. The dim lighting and dark bar stools and booths were a nice touch. I remembered seeing an animal in one of the pictures and Vanessa quickly pointed out the huge white buffalo head that was hanging on the wall in back of me. haha.Tony N. ("Tony Bear") joined us just moments after the rest of the yelp crew headed out to watch the play. He got us all an Oaxaca Old Fashioned (Tequila, Mexcal, Agave Nectar, Aromatic Bitters). I have a bad habit of smelling drinks.. and I did not want to drink this after doing so. Regardless, I took a couple of sips but it was way too strong. I called it a "manly man drink". Perfect for Tony but not for us 3 gals. He was kind enough to get us another round of Moscow Mules instead... and yes, they were still delicious! I tried a sip of Tony's Clover Club (Gin, Lemon, Egg White, Housemade Grenadine) because I was so curious as to what the egg white was all about. Well.. let's just say that curiousity killed the cat. Ok not killed, but you should have seen my face! No bueno.Overall, El D has a pretty chill vibe with some interesting specialty cocktails. It's cool to watch the bartenders making the drinks. They really do take their time in perfecting the taste. The drink special ($5 cocktails) are good up to 9pm! We were in there on a Friday night and it wasn't as crowded as I thought it would be. Oh, and apparently it was asian night when we went. Go figure.P.S. There is a male buffalo statue at the bar. Fondling is not allowed, and it is inappropriate.. but I won't mention any names.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2009,2/5/2010,242,85,13,15,17>There's a place called Buster's...IN NATIONAL CITY??  Why did I not know of this place?  It's a pretty small city and I never heard of this place in my life!  My girlfriends cousin said the place opened about 3 months ago, so it still is relatively brand new.This is a really nice place to eat considering it's location.  It looks like this place was supposed to make its way to Eastlake but got lost and decided to just set up shop in Nasty City...The whole theme of this sit-down restaurant is beachy/sports bar. Everyone in Hawaiian shirts, surfboards on the walls, and a bunch of pictures of dudes surfing braaaaaah.  At the bar, theres pictures of Marshall Faulk and a signed football by him...I'm thinking either he owns the place or these guys must really love Marshall Faulk!?  Also, theres a huge outdoor patio thats part of the bar so you can also enjoy happy hour outside.  Theres also a special area for reserved parties and a 2nd story where you can eat and have a nice view of downtown.On with the food!  We were here for happy hour so I can only speak of that menu, but boy was everything delicious!  The menu is sorted by price: $1, $3, $5, and $7 items.  We had buffalo wings, coconut onion rings (YUM!), a buffalo chicken pizza (that ain't the exact name of it but I forget what it was called), fish tacos, and fries!.  Everything was good, real good!  Drinks were cheap too!  $3 of a glass of there ale and $3.50 for margaritas and mai tais...The only places I can really compare Buster's to is applebee's or fridays, but to me Busters has them both beat!  Take my word for it and come try it for yourselves!And oh yeah, shout out to Deion our waiter.  He was real cool, so I suggest you guys have him wait on your table.  You won't miss him, he's the only black dude in there, as so he says! LOL!  Even introduced us to his daughter and everything...Real classy guy, the kind of service that makes you want to come back the next day.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,2/4/2010,195,63,19,21,21>Here's a quick and dirty review of the Restaurant, Soju, and Service: Soju Town is an excellent alternative spot to popular MSC across the street. Flavored Soju served here isn't quite as delicious as Min Sok Chon's, but if you're looking to get pretty faded off of some, definitely come here! ST promotes great happy hour specials which will make you coming back for more. I haven't tried the food, but my friends seemed pretty satisfied with their meals of choice. Service was fast and friendly. Anndddddd now on to my musical talents! Truth is: I have no damn musical talents =*/. I guess that's why I'm not all gaga over karaoke . At least I'm wise enough to stay off of the mic and just sing back up. I sometimes wish others would do the same lol. God has blessed me with the ability to hit falsetto notes. Just high pitched, nothing else. Strange isn't it? Usually, my friends will hand me the mic to handle the high pitched notes. My only time to shine. In honor of one of my all time favorite bands singin' one of my all time favorite songs.. i present to you: EARTH, WIND, and FIRE performing their hit smash: Reasons. Philip Bailey, amazing voice. ( But what the hell are they wearing tho? hahaha) youtube.com/watch?v=0NnX… If you don't appreciate this type of music, slap yourself! That real baby makin music right chea!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2009,2/2/2010,374,341,20,19,21>I've been lazy, absent, neglectful. But Loving Hut, because of the blissful sustenance it gave me, shook me out of my stupor.This food is exclamation mark good. The pho broth was so tasty I wanted to bathe in it, on the roof, a la Leonard Cohen.The fresh rolls were fresher than I have ever had in roll form and HUGE. Notice the cap lock here, a giant portion for under $4.00!A recurring problem with veggie joints is baby portions. These portions are hearty and so well-priced I felt a little guilty when I got the bill. Either it's the Four Noble Truths-style wall sayings or the pristine white interior but this place makes me feel virtuous after eating. Kind of like church, which is a direct tie-in to the guilt. See how that works?On the way out my buddy and I snapped up a slice of vegan cheesecake for later. It was side-of-the-container-licking good. There I admit it, I licked the side of the container to obtain the last speck of raspberry topping. I can't wait to become a regular here. *hugs Loving Hut*
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2008,5/13/2010,123,209,13,11,11>Normally I hate Pacific Beach. I'm a 'dress up and go downtown' kinda guy. My girlfriend Apryl had friends in town from St. Louis and they landed on Tuesday night wanting to head out to Pacific Beach for some cheap drinks and Marine love. We hit up Moondoggies first... Super lame. This is what's going on Tuesday nights while I'm at home eating pasta and watching a Netflix?On to Thrusters. We got there around 12am... No line and the bouncer was pretty nice, for a bouncer that is. Once inside, I discovered that it was actually very small despite having one wall covered in mirrors. Freddy Fresh was spinning mash-ups and the drinks were stiff and cheap. I recognized a few downtown people hanging out. Not a bad spot at all.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,5/12/2010,92,450,4,10,5>MMMmmmmmmmm..............................fresh pasta = comfort food goodness.We just tried out their squid ink fettuccine  ($6.50/lb.) to make a shrimp arrabiatta sauce with, and YUM!  Assenti's is such a great place to go - friendly staff that helps you with your choices, and gives you samples while you decide (and yes, uncooked fresh pasta is amazing!).Good selection of cheeses, a bit low on the meats, but that's not what you go here for.Have yet to try the stuffed pastas, but I can't wait until I do!Decent prices, a nice place to be, and amazing freshness - all reasons to make Assenti's your new home.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,5/11/2010,646,679,15,12,12>500.Beautifully crafted, delicious and delectable, cakes and desserts. There isn't much more to know than that! A little pricey, but for an amazingly good cake or dessert, that not just looks damn good, it is good. It's pretty much a confectioner lover's wet dream in there. From the minute you walk in, the scent holds you down and punches you in the nose until your stomach decides that there will be no more diet, and meanwhile, your blood sugar levels are low, the kids are waiting in the car, you're parked illegally, and your wife is cheating on you with another dude, so you say, wtf, I'm going for that red velvet cake. And it was the best decision ever.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,5/10/2010,357,369,43,24,17>The place that keeps me from bashing your face in.Instant zen. I've been coming here for three years -- whenever I'm in town -- and I'm the better for it. Also, my skin has cleared up and my inner child stopped throwing tantrums.Avoid the weekends, as the most un-zen motherfuckers roll through then.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,5/9/2010,1800,266,12,15,15>I cant believe its been almost 7 months since my last review of this place!I havent been back in a while so when the friends and I needed to figure out a place for breakfast, I decided it was time for another visit.GOOD IDEA!I ordered the same sammy I always get: ham, egg and cheese on a croissant.The younger girl that always cooks brought it out to me and told me she hadnt seen me in a while. I really liked that.As for my croissant? BOMB. So incredibly delicious. With a little salt and pepper, its seriously tied with Taco Motion's California burrito with egg for my favorite PB breakfast. And for $2.95, its a great bargain even this poor writer can afford!My friend got the same sandwich and luckily, he loved his as well. Otherwise I may have eaten both.As I was putting my trays up and saying goodbye, I asked the owners if theyd ever heard of Yelp because Id written a review about them. The older lady told me yes and asked if I was the one that called their breakfast a 'sammy'. YUP! That was me!She told me it was great to meet me in person and I felt famous and awesome. I suppose thats as close to a celebrity as I will probably ever get.Anyways...if you love sandwiches and love a lighter breakfast, you really cant beat going here. My fat girl self cant wait to go back. (:
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,5/8/2010,519,365,15,21,18>I *HEART* CAFE 2121.Why do I love this place? First of all, let's talk about the friendly service. Alex, one of the owners, greeted us upon arrival and introduced himself to us, as it was our first time. Afterwards, our server Gregorio, came up to us and asked us if we had any questions about the menu and gave us some suggestions from the menu. Both Alex and Gregorio were very attentive and helpful. They made sure we had everything we needed and actually cared. It wasn't just for show.Secondly, let's talk about the food. Ordering sandwiches off of the lunch menu, my friends (Les, Quel & Babs) ordered the monte cristo w/ a strawberry vinaigrette salad, pesto chicken w/ homemade potato chips, and apple swiss w/ the Italian wedding soup. I ended up with the lamb apricot, with a side of the potato chips. Not only were the food portions pretty big, but my mouth had happy time eating the tender lamb chunks with the dried appricot combo. I only managed to eat half my sandwich and most of the gigantoid-sized potato chips, before I realized that I was stuffed. Granted, I was also stealing bites and sips, from my friends' salad and soup. The next time I go, I'm going to aim for the pesto chicken and, if it's available, the Italian wedding soup. Our food, along with a  tall serving lychee and rose ice tea was very satisfying! Lastly, let's talk about the place itself. The place is quaint, but very cute. Simply decored, I was happy that the owners didn't try to stuff as many table and chairs as possible into the small space, as I've seen other business owners do. I love the fact that you don't feel 'crowded', at all. Overall, definitely a place I would visit, again. Gregorio mentioned that they are close to getting their liquor license and will have wine and beer available and encouraged us to come back. Coincidentally, as he was inviting us back, my homegirl Babs recognized the tattoo on his arm because they share the same tattoo artist. Talk about random, but still cool. A good conversation topic. =)I can't wait for our next adventure here. YAY!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,5/7/2010,432,198,29,27,28>This place has good ramen. I like the Spicy Ramen, because I like it HOT!!Now this review goes out to my new friend Shayne C.Normally I would save this for my Freestyle Friday, but I got a long 12 hr shift to handle tomorrow so I won't have time.To the tune of  Black Eye Pea's song I GOT A FEELINGenjoy...I gotta craving so tonight gonna eat at KANPAIso tonight gonna eat at KANPAIso tonight gonna eat at KAN-KANPAI Tonight's Ramen NightLet's eat it upI'll get my moneyHop in the truckGo out for Japanese shitlike Konichi Wa!Like Mr. MiyagiWax on Wax OFFI know that we'll have a bowlcome in and sit downNo need for take outI'll just eat it allI feel spaced outPlease bring me a Spicy ramen bowlI'll go all outand order a Spicy Salmon rollFill up my cupwith SapporoI'll keep on drinkingI'm off tomorrow!I hold the crownCuz I put it downCome back in a week or twoand then I'll eat it againLets eat it (x3)you know wassup!I gotta craving so tonight gonna eat at KANPAIso tonight gonna eat at KANPAIso tonight gonna eat at KAN-KANPAI Kanpai is our fix for ramen when we don't want to drive far or cook it ourselves at home!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2009,5/6/2010,859,450,36,35,36>Disclaimer: I will try to remember my first Yelp.com encounter as best as I can. However, it was weird to see yelpers in real life.....walking around and doing stuff...and being real people. TOO...MUCH...TO...COMPUTE....-----I walk in, trying to find my friends. It's Saturday night, there's a Padres game and this place is poppin'. I wander around with my date trying to find my friends' familiar faces.Then I see three Asians scurrying all giddy toward me. Three familiar faces, but they aren't my friends. Nope. They are happy, drunk Yelpers.Them: OH MAH GAH, you are real!!!!Me: (stunned to see them) Uhhhh, yeah, I am real. hai.Them: heheheheMe: *silence....still in shock*Them: We are soooo drunk right now. *huge smiles*Me: Um, yeah.....hai.--They introduced themselves to my date that was visibly shocked/scared by their giddiness and enthusiasm. Then they darted away....leaving us standing there....staring at them as the left.awkward. on my part, at least.Date: *confused face* Do you know them?Me: No.Date: huh?Me: Well.....I know them on yelp.com.Date: WOW. Are you serious? You are on there wayyyy to much to have people recognize you!--Later, once with my friends....Jay waves me to come over.Jay: Take a picture with us!So we pose (I do the peace sign, of course!), the picture is taken and they all scamper away happily...their mission completed, proving that I was indeed real and not a figment of their intoxication.--When I go back to my friends-Friend: Who are they? Do you know them?Me: No.Friend: Did they think you were famous or something?Me: tehehe--So there you have it...my first encounter with Jay D., Melissa S. and Nico A.--Notable things: Jay is dark...tan....dark. Melissa really is THAT short and Nico....doesn't talk much.--------On to my actual experience with Basic:-The bottle service here was awesome! Very attentive service but  definitely not cheap...but ensure you have a good time with friends.-My friends and I had several bottles....we started with one and ended up going through 6 of them....for 10 people! Can you say, "drunks"?-The couches we got to sit on were cool and comfy.-Overall the décor was really cool...very urban-y (that can too be a word)-The pizza was so good! I am not quite sure if it was because I was drunk, but it tasted divine and I am normally not a fan of thin crust pizza.-The music varied from fun to meh. It's like the DJ knew we got up just to dance and changed to a lame song.-Okay....what is up with the gigantic fans that look like daggers of death if they were to fall....yet their complete inability to cool down the place in the slightest.p.s. I swear our hostess could pass as a double for POSH. She was pretty, dressed cute, she even had the short brown hair cut....she looked JUST like Posh, but she was younger, smiled AND made my drinks.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,5/5/2010,167,297,15,21,20>5 stars for the Kaskade show.  HELL YES VOYEUR.  Keep drawing DJs like that to San Diego and I'll remain your biggest fan!The layout of this place is crazy awesome.  You know that creepy outsider guy you knew in high school that you secretly admired?  Well, he built a club.  The LEDs are out of control and the DJ "booth" blew my mind.  I was jealous of their go-go dancers, who actually dance IN the wall!  Pair that with films from famous artists playing on the ceiling and I don't know where to look!  Apart from the uber-creepy glass walkway above the lower bar, I loved this place; come prepared to dance the night away!If that's not enough, during the Hope for Haiti, $20 show they had a couple of artists in the back of the top level air-brushing girls' arms and backs and painting a giant Haitian flag piece they later auctioned for thousands of dollars rockin' Kaskade's John Hancock.  The only low point of the evening was standing at the balcony when the VIP section below us bought so many bottles of champagne (each bottle comes with about 5 sparklers) I couldn't see through the smoke.  But, hell, if that was the low point then, by all means, give them another round!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,5/4/2010,262,85,31,25,28>Is it possible to be sexually attracted to a yogurt shop? If so, I think I've found my new life partner. I was in for an unexpected delight when I stumbled into Fiji Yogurt last night. The first thing I noticed was a woman on her laptop and a couple playing Connect Four on a super comfy leather couch. WTF, free Wi-Fi and quality board games?? That's awesome! This place is like the ultimate work/play zone! That's when the tingles started to go through my body......Next I noticed the yogurt and TOPPINGS. Oh my god, best choice of toppings of ANY yogurt shop I've ever been to... and let's be honest, I've been to my fair share. Tons of fresh fruit, unique cereals and cookies - all individually stored in plastic containers to retain freshness - fudge, chocolate syrup, MARSHMALLOW CREAM, whipped cream, etc. etc. etc. And everything was super neat, clean, and tidy. Keep going Fiji, right there, that's definitely doing it for me....................Then, finally I try my English Toffee fro yo and I start to climax HARD. Absolutely delicious. Mmmmmmmm, yes, Yes, YES YES YES. I'M (DEFINITELY) COMING (BACK HERE)!!!!!!!So anyway, I would describe my trip as being a cream-your-slacks kind of experience, and thus you can understand the raw attraction that I have to this place. Plus, the prices were great and they have punch cards for po folk like myself. Hello! I will definitely be back for more. Don't forget about me Fiji... I know you probably get tons of girls vying for your affection, but it's ok, I have no problem sharing. WINK!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,9/11/2013,331,557,7,12,7>Yeah! I have found a new local hang out!I sent Mario G. here on a mission to scout the place out for me while I was having a girls dinner date. I called to get the scoop and decided to meet him there for a nightcap.The bar is a bit hidden, but you can't miss the sign for Goldfingers. Turn in to the parking lot and head all the way to the back right hand side. Brewskis is sandwiched between a car repair place, Goldfingers, and the Moose Lodge. Parking is plentiful, and the lot is pretty well lit in most areas.Security is posted at the door and inside. They will verify your ID, so don't come without it. They don't play around here, so get off your machismo high horse, calm the fuck down, and have a beer. Security just wants to make sure the girls are safe and that everyone is having a good time.As a female who often goes to the bar alone, I appreciate the extra muscle around here. I've never felt unsafe, and I was told that if I'd like them to escort me to my car, they would be happy to do so. +2 stars!The ladies room is a single bathroom, and is kept well stock and reasonably clean. Any issue brought to their attention is addressed immediately. The girls pour quickly and efficiently, Samantha does a great job with the floor serving up drinks and taking food orders. Shady, Courtney, and Leslie are all very personable and pour a good drink with a cheerful attitude. Customer service is really amazing here.The food is a limited menu with standard fried bar food. There are a couple of different options like a Boca Burger, Pizza, and Chicken Tacos.  If you hang out at the bar they have free pub mix available in the back for you to snack on while you sip some suds.If shots are your thing, Brewskis has both a Jagermeister tap and a Fireball tap, keeping your liquor frosty cold until you are ready. Domestic Pitchers are only $10 and have one of those neat ice coolers inside of them to keep your beer cold.Brewski's offers extensive drink specials every day of the week. The specials are super cheap and posted on their menu.Monday-$1 off all pintsTuesday-$2 MargaritasWednesday-$3 Jack and Cokes ($3!!!!!)Thursday-$3 Jager BombsFriday-$3 Fireball shotsSaturday-$4 Long IslandsSunday-$2 Wells (my personal fave!)I'm not sure about the other drinks, but their well Vodka is Gordons - not too bad! $3 Jack and cokes? Are you kidding me? Where in the area can you get a Jack and Coke for only $3?If the friendly girls, cheap food, and insane drink specials weren't enough, Brewski's has several pool tables and arcade games FOR FREE like Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter 2, Virtual Cop, Pinball, and Daytona USA. They even have Pac Man for the love of god.If all of this still isn't enough for you, you can get a $5 off pass for your admission to Goldfingers next door when you pay your tab.If that's still not enough for you, go back to bed, you must be in a cranky mood.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,9/10/2013,1307,1136,5,9,5>Let me start by saying that by no means am I a cupcakes girl. I find that the only time it's convenient to have cupcakes is if you're at a kids birthday party and you don't want to have to cut them a piece of cake, it's just easier for them to grab a cupcake. The calories are the same (if not more, since they pile high on the frosting on those cupcakes) as a cake, so why not just eat cake? I never got that.Anyway, a friend and a vendor came by yesterday and surprised me with cupcakes from Sugar and Scribe. I was hesitant to try them but waited until I was with my husband to have some. She got me four cupcakes, one was red velvet with cream cheese frosting, one was vanilla with white frosting and pretty sprinkles and glitter, another was caramel frosting with chocolate cake and the fourth tasted like kahlua or coffee. They were all really good, really rich and really filling considering they were mini cupcakes! My husband and I have had babycakes and all those other cupcake places, and this one really is above them all! Then I had to admit I had more respect for the company as soon as I saw that they do wedding cakes and stuff too. I'm not thrilled about places who do nothing but cupcakes, seems boring. Anyway, Kate made my day by taking me out to lunch and surprising me with these cupcakes. I'll have to make sure I get some again when I'm in the area.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,9/9/2013,554,155,5,6,7>Uhm, teaming up with Crazee Burger for the sake of your fellow drunks?  Amazing ideaaaaa.  I just recently discovered this place and it's not bad!  They have a good soundtrack, clean bathrooms, and complementary goldfish for those with drunchies.  The only thing I'm a bit iffy on is the beer itself.  They all taste a bit watered down, and the difference between beer to beer is minimal at most.  Granted, I only tried about three different beers, and it was difficult for me to taste the difference between each of them.  I guess tasting a bit watered down doesn't help either.Other than that, I'm a fan.  The beers are dirt cheap ($3 - 6 bucks for a pint!), you can order food from Crazee Burger (free delivery, don't forget to tip!), and it's RIGHT by my place!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,9/8/2013,900,214,4,5,3>The lines can be long and the outside seating area quickly becomes limited on a Sat/Sun morning and good luck finding street parking....but when it comes down to it, the amount of energy that one is willing to expend in visiting a restaurant usually has a strong correlation to the quality of the product. Overall, I highly recommend taking some time out to enjoy a morning here. My favorites here are the Aegean Scramble and Acai Bowl. The scramble is actually big enough to fill you up - three eggs scrambled with feta cheese, tomato, green pepper and yeah..they went wild and threw some basil in there as well. The hash brown potatoes are a solid, toasty, crispy side that comes with it as well.The Acai bowl can be hit or miss, so often do places get the ratio of acai/granola/fruit incorrect. But Olive Cafe has excellent portions of all ingredients and is so refreshing on an 80 degree day. For as much as I love breakfast burritos, I was not a huge fan of the BB they serve here. It does comes with soy chorizo, black beans, cheese and hash brown potatoes, but I guess the soy chorizo didn't really do it for me. Oh and not to mention, but the prices here are super wallet friendly.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/7/2013,114,125,7,10,8>Decided to come here on a Tuesday night & couldn't find an entrance, so after spotting what looked like the garden (but no accompanying gate), I entered somehow via the MEN'S BATHROOM. Hey, might as well make this a memorable entrance!THE GOOD:-Large spacious outdoor patio area, including sexy fire pits (the only type of pits that are sexy). The grounds are gorgeous !-Bocce ball area, for the best sporty/bougy drunks in all of us-Special brews from on-site Liberty station. I REALLY enjoyed the 'Witty Moron'! -Other bottled brews to tickle your fancy. Pliny the Elder via Russian River? Duvel ? Yes please !- Great service. Really friendly, attentive servers who gave us some good recommendations & switched out our glasses every time we had a new draft to sample.THE NOT-SO-GOOD, BUT NOT BAD:- There is no sign bc they like to be ~hidden and exclusive~. People complain abt this but c'mon. Someone in your group has to have a smartphone, & you can Magellan your way here by using this thing called a MAP. - The airport is nearby, so if you are sitting outside your conversation will be punctuated every 10 minutes by an epic shouting match between You VS Airplane Turbine.I didn't eat any food here because... I am here for beer. HOORAY BEER ! So I can only judge on sustenance of the hoppy yeasty kind. Our party of 9 enjoyed a great variety of brews and they were all excellent. You can't go wrong with the standard Stone fare but I really loved the limited rotations that were brewed straight from Liberty Station -- J's OT Stout & Witty Moron were my winners of the night. You can get free tasters at the bar so if you are indecisive, make nice with the bartender and have at it.Overall I enjoyed my night here immensely & enjoy this site much better than the overly crowded one in North County. Lucky for me, this is just a  short drive away over the bridge so I'll definitely be frequenting this place !
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,9/6/2013,368,256,3,8,4>I love this farmer's market! It's huge, has a large variety of vendors, and amazingly good food. People there are generally really nice (both vendors and customers). Don't even worry about bringing cash because most of the vendors now have that fancy iPhone credit card swipy thingy.Some shops you MUST check out:- Bitchin' Sauce- Popa's seafood booth- fruit stands... DUH! Where else can you get organic and amazingly sweet fruits for a good price?- Almond stand (they have a bajillion flavors, and they're DELICIOUS! Try the mexican chocolate flavor. You won't regret it!)
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,9/5/2013,166,84,3,17,8>It must be a little sad for the baristas here when people walk in to just ask for 'pubcakes,' only to be followed by the inevitable disappointment and the awkward backwards-shuffle out of the cafe without trying anything. I say this because the last 2 times I've been here, I've seen this happen.It really is a shame because the coffee here is great. The owner, Mindy, has extensive knowledge in coffee and the roasting process; they recently purchased a Diedrich commercial-sized drum roaster and have been churning out consistent roasts. I have yet to be disappointed in buying a bag from treehouse yet. They offer anything from light, medium, to dark roasts. I get their light ethiopian for doing hand pours at home.For a small shop, what is very surprising is the kyoto drip tower that's tucked in the corner. Ask for a kyoto ice drip, and they'll supply you with frozen coffee ice-cubes to make sure your coffee doesn't water down as it melts.Don't come here looking for an indoor study session with plenty of outlets and wifi. Great pit stop to grab affordable, high-quality coffee beans to make a cup at home, and grabbing some drinks on the go.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,9/4/2013,107,69,34,17,19>Okay, I'm sorry but all the idiotic hating on here is way too much to bear. Like it's just too much stupid that I have to say something.First of all, it was a free guestlist. NOT a free VIP guestlist. There is no such thing as a free VIP guestlist. Free vip guestlist is an oxymoron and if you don't understand why, then you are just a moron. People who buy tables are considered VIP. People who spend hundreds of dollars if not thousands, are VIP. If you aren't willing to spend the money, then don't expect VIP treatment. That's like walking into a five star restaurant, and only ordering water and eating the free bread and then complaining about the service. Second of all, you haters are complaining about waiting in a line that wrapped around the block for a club that you knew had a max capacity of maybe like a little over a thousand. If that was the case, and you knew that, why did you wait in line for three hours? You actually needed someone to come and tell you that you weren't going to be able to get in? You couldn't deduce that yourself from the obvious facts? If you wanted to get in so badly, you should have came and waited in line starting at like 6:30-7 like all the rest of us who got in. And third of all, why should they have closed the guestlist after a certain amount of people signed up? Getting in had nothing to do with when you signed up or the order in which you signed up, all that mattered was when you showed up. And if they had closed the guestlist after the first 1500 people signed up, which would probably have been the day after they announced it if not hours, I would bet my first unborn child that all you same people would be on here bitching about how they closed the guestlist before you got to sign up. And last of all, before you take another sip of that haterade you've been gulping down, try and name another club in San Diego who has brought a major headliner like Dash Berlin and then invited people to come watch for free. I agree that just because it was a free show doesn't give them the right to do whatever they want, but the fact that IT WAS A FREE SHOW means that you also do not have the right to bitch and complain as if you paid money and then got denied. So please do take your business elsewhere. No one likes partying with a bunch of whiners and complainers anyway.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,9/3/2013,507,528,7,10,9>YUM!!!!!!So we were sitting at home a little bored on a Sunday afternoon when Gary R. texted that they were walking down there for a drink.  I threw my best relaxed t-shirt on and we headed down.    I was surprise how crowded the neighborhood was late on a Sunday afternoon, but we luckily found street parking over on Grape st.  In general we've been lucky finding parking on Grape because it's such a busy street I don't think anyone thinks to go there.... ANYWAY...We headed into the bar and there was a 'live band' playing.  Ok it was a dude on a guitar, but he was having a good time and it added to the atmosphere.  I ordered a Stone IPA and a Margarita at the bar.  I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the bartender was to make a mixed drink.  In dive bars you often get a sneer and a nasty look when you order anything that doesn't come with a twist off cap.  The drink was absolutely delicious.  You can tell that while the atmosphere is divey, their products and service are quite above average. On the food front, Gary ordered a Nachos that I stole a few bites of and let me tell you, they did not disappoint.  They are exactly what you expect when you are craving a big plate of nachos.  We quickly realized we would be sticking around for dinner as well so I ordered the Waterfront Bacon Burger and the man ordered the Fish and Chips.  He loved his fish and chips.  I had a bite and must concur.  On the burger front... let's just say the plate was empty pretty fast.  It was so flavorful and delicious.  On the side they have this spicy mayo sauce in a squeeze bottle... well it was dangerous because I wanted to put it on everything!!!  On the service front, we were checked on countless times by multiple employees.  They were very busy, but you never felt neglected.  I can't speak too much to the prices since I didn't get an itemized receipt, but with tip I think I dropped around $50 for the two entrees listed above, two rounds of Margaritas and beers so I think that's pretty decent.  If you're ever in the neighborhood, this is a must try!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,9/2/2013,1165,834,17,25,16>Yessssss!San Diego *finally* has a gourmet hotdog/sausage place that can hold a candle to LA's Wurstkuche.  (And you know how much I love sausage.)  Salt & Cleaver is that place.Occupying the old St Tropez Bistro storefront, Salt & Cleaver is mostly a bar, but there are tables around the periphery and on the patio.  There are beers and cocktails in addition to the food items.  Two of us shared the following:** Duck duck pig.  Duck & bacon sausage, crispy duck confit, and orange marmalade.  It's as heavenly as its sounds.  Loved the crisp on the duck confit.** Custom hotdog with chicken, sauteed onions, and pickle.  Also heavenly.** Fries.  The fries themselves were outstanding, but what I really loved was the trio of dipping sauces: S&C sauce (like a spicy ketchup), smoked brown ale mustard, and spicy horseradish mustard.  I really liked the kick from the horseradish.To wash it all down, a Firestone pale ale.  (The beer menu has all the accoutrements that any SD beer snob would want.)Only downsides to Salt & Cleaver: small portions and high prices.  Don't expect to leave here full.  And $12 for a hotdog?  Eeeek.  It's still a great treat every once in a while.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,5/28/2012,426,592,5,7,5>We woke up to a sick dog one Sunday morning and searched for the closest, highest yelp rated place in our new hood.  Dr. Nagell was kind and friendly, as were all the staff that worked there.  He had only guesses to what had caused the swelling in our puggle's face and legs, but assured us she'd be fine.  He lovingly (so gently!) gave two shots of cortisone to her behind and some anti-histamine drugs for us to give her over the next few days.  She was back to her old silly self in no time.  He takes his time with his patients and their owners, which is probably why the wait was a bit long.  But I can't complain as we dropped in on a Sunday morning with a dog they had never met.  Slightly expensive but we'll be back to get her shots and checkups there.  Also, it was a very nice facility with a parking lot and a clean waiting room that's big enough so all animals can have their territory.  A true must when cats and dogs and guinea pigs come together.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,5/27/2012,497,132,16,16,13>So I had heard the buzz about Sipz from my veggieheads, so, being that I live across the street from this establishment, I thought i'd pop my head in for lunch. Everything looked pretty tasty on the menu, and after long consideration, I opted for a miso soup and the peppered pork with white rice, spicy. Granted, I was a little fuzzy from a night of bad decisions, so I was in need of some hot soup. The miso delivered on all levels.  for it.Then came the peppered pork. jesus. I was half-mast after my first bite. It was delicious, with just the right amount of heat. This was my first time having a vegetarian "pork" dish, and it did not disappoint. The meal was amazing, but it was not the best part of my dining experience. Now, I didn't notice, and neither did the person I was eating with(the infamous David William La Rue Esquire), but I guess our meals took a little extra time to come out, due to a pretty hefty catering or take-out order that was placed. Our server was one of the nicest dudes ever, and not only did he apologize for the added wait(which, once again, didn't seem like much at all) he offered to comp a dessert for us, as well as comping Daves drink from our tab. Guy went above and beyond, which just added to to the amazeballs which was, our dining experience.I will be back. Hell, we could have had terrible service and I would still be back. That peppered pork was that good. It did things to me.For a brief moment, I had forgotten that I was a carnivore, and I was perfectly okay with that.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,5/26/2012,1165,834,13,20,15>Some food fads that I'm happy have come and gone:* bubble tea* appletinis* Ring Pops* Coke with limeA food fad that I hope never goes away:* comfort foodThe Range is the latest San Diego restaurant to hop onto the comfort food bandwagon, which is a wonderful thing if you ask me.  Even before walking in, the signature scents of this fad are unmistakeable -- deep-fried everything, burgers, sandwiches, and bacon.  Definitely no shortage of bacon to go around.That said, the Range is a pretty awesome new restaurant to grace the Hillcrest 'hood.  It happens to be located in the building formerly occupied by Fat Cat's, which was the Ruby Kitchen before that, which was... well, I don't remember what was there before the Ruby Kitchen.  Some Italian restaurant, maybe?  Whatever it was, suffice it to say that this location doesn't exactly have an amazing track record for keeping a restaurant in business.Will the Range change that track record?  We'll see.  The decor has this rustric/country-meets-contemporary fusion vibe going, which I adore.  (If Craft & Commerce and Empirehouse had a baby -- a large, two-story baby -- it'd look a lot like the Range.)But how's the food and drink?  Quite tasty.  I had the Left Coast Asylum beer, which was one of the sweetest and most candy-like (read: AMAZING) beers I've tasted.  This was actually gifted to me by my lunch companion, who didn't care for it.  Her loss was my gain, though!For lunch, I had their chicken in a basket platter.  It was solid.  The fried chicken was delectable -- battered in potato chips and a honey glaze and crisped to perfection.  It was a tad dry inside, though.  The chicken was served with a pile of sweet potato fries, which were good, albeit slightly burnt.  It could've used some sauce -- any kind of moisture would've made it more enjoyable.  (The server brought us ketchup, but that's a less-than-ideal accompaniment for sweet potato fries, which call for something less sweet and more tangy than plain ol' ketchup.)  My companions had burgers (the range burger and the inside-out burger) that looked delectable, and I'll definitely try those next time.The service was incredibly friendly.  In fact, multiple servers were waiting on our table all at once, so there was some miscommunication about who took our orders and when.  No worries, though, since everything came out promptly.All in all, the Range is a winner, and a great addition to the neighborhood.  I admit it's a little generic, and I'm certain that one of the other oodles of comfort food spots in town can execute this type of food better.  Regardess, I wouldn't hesitate to come back here and try some more items. And the beer --- oh, I'll definitely be back for the delicious beer......
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,5/25/2012,231,668,13,13,15>As a former New Yorker, I am always on the quest for "a good NY slice" wherever I go.  However, I've been in SD long enough that I've stopped being a giant douche about it, like most new east-coast transplants are.  Yes, I'm talking to you, former NY and NJ people - stop talking about how great pizza is back home.  It makes you insufferable.  It took me a long time to realize that.Anyway, none of that matters because the pizza here is legit.  The crust was hard where it needed to be hard (heh) and soft where it should have been soft. Toppings were top notch.  Tomatoes actually tasted like tomatoes.  Snozzberries tasted like snozzberries.I really enjoy the interior of this place, with the giant tree right in the middle of everything.  I just like it.  It feels hip without being hipster. (Because you know me-- I know a lot about being hip!)Go here.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,5/24/2012,108,54,19,21,20>"Of course Pacific Coast Skydiving has 5 stars, it's SKYDIVING. How are they going to screw that up." Blaa blaa blaa. Whatever@ whoever thinks that. I understand that generally speaking skydiving is going to be an amazing experience (unless you are one of those people who poo themselves, then maybe not so much). The experience is way more than jumping out of a plane. As soon as we were in view of the lady in charge we were greeted with a friendly smile and an explanation of what was needed of us (signatures and what not). She was super upbeat and personable. I saw a group of people watching a video and laughing and worried that I was late for the training. From then on we ran off to the bathrooms in hopes to prevent an accident, and then we let the lady know we wanted to add video to our dives (I was previously feeling too frugal) and she was able to add it on. Phew! We went back downstairs and pretty much immediately were met with our instructors and we got suited up. They were both funny, outgoing, and we joked and laughed from the point of getting harnessed up 'til it was the time to jump.The plane ride is beautiful, I just stared outside the entire time (besides when we were cracking jokes, I had to take in the sights). Then my guy said "we're right over the airport we left from" which should have been a real clue to me that it was about time. Should have been. I continue looking to my right at Mexico and turn back to see the door open. Want to know what went through my head? A whole ton of swear words that aren't appropriate. (They all start with an F and are 4 letters and they're all the same word just repeated over and over). Apparently a look of sheer terror on my face was witnessed by my husband and his instructor but although that jerk tried to get it on tape he didn't. HAHA! Sucker! You have no proof! Besides this review that is...I swung my feet outside of the plane, took a deep breath and thought "FFFFFF*##@#^#$*&%#!! Let's do this!"Whatever he told me do when we jumped was forgotten immediately. Oh you're going to tap my shoulder to let me know when I can open my arms? I am falling 120mph and am totally not paying attention. Oops.. The fall seemed like forever to me and to call it amazing would not nearly be a good enough description.Skydiving is what you think it is, it's jumping out of a plane. The feeling though is NOT what you would think it would be.  Yes it's terrifying, but it's also freeing, and even peaceful (when you can get yourself to stop screaming). If you think you can't do it, you can. If you want to do it, you should. It's beyond what you can imagine and it's worth every cent you spend. I promise.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,5/23/2012,280,181,12,12,10>In a land of Asian restaurants galore.. Koon Thai Kitchen has got to be the best Thai restaurant in the area, IMO. I've pretty much tried them all the that area and have been disappointed with their consistency.Two friends and I ordered the following: - Beer Tower: I would recommend this for a group of 4 since the tower is about 7 bottles of beer. We were so full from the beer and food combination that I needed to unbutton my jeans!! - Thai Jerkey: the pork strips were flavorful and fried to perfection!! The spicy and lemony dipping sauce it came with was so good too!! - Sticky Rice: a must have with the pork strips and dipping sauce. - Boat Noodles: if you like liver like I do, you will love this noodle soup! It comes with your choice of flat thick noodles or pho noodles. - Green Curry: great flavor and spice. - Spicy Noodles: the chicken was seasoned well and the noodles weren't too oily. - Pad Thai: too wet and sweet for my taste.. hah!Our waiters were nice and very helpful. The atmosphere was surprisingly warm and welcoming.. definitely not what you would expect from being in such a busy area.**Warning** Their "medium" spice level is more like a 7 on a scale of 1-10. My lips and tummy were burning, but  my oh my it was worth it!! I will definitely be back for Koon Thai's delicious food and pocketbook friendly prices!!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,5/22/2012,491,894,8,11,10>Peanut butter fudgey cupcake + Ginger cupcake + Red velvet cupcake + Banana chocolate chip cupcake = So yummy!!!!!!!!!!!!My two favorites from that giant tummy ache I gave myself were definitely the red velvet and the banana chocolate chip. Be sure to check in on Yelp here because you get a free mini cupcake. They've got a wide variety of flavors and cupcakes come in jumbo or mini size. All kinds of other sweet delights too. All for extremely reasonable prices.I love their pretty little boxes to send you away with when your tummy can't handle any more! Friendly employees and a great music selection that made me check to see if my iPhone hadn't shut off my music yet. Cute little seating area inside and out.Sugar and Scribe will be deadly considering it's right across the street from my pedicure place. Which do I love more, cupcakes? or pedicures? The world may never know.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,5/21/2012,2074,1145,26,24,25>what started out as an "easy fix" to replace the flapper on my guest toilet tank turned out to be a comedic series of events.step 1: break off rusted old knob to the toilet water tank (insert cuss word of choice)step 2: hit head on the sink counter while getting up (insert cuss word of choice)step 3: open tank, replace slimy flapper (disgusted face + avid use of antibacterial soap)step 4: notice that flapper does not work (insert cuss word of choice)step 5: clean scum off old flapper and replace (disgusted face + avid use of antibacterial soap)step 6: notice the pipe where the knob broke is leaking waterstep 7: repeat step 2step 8: run for towel and cup then back for a bigger cupstep 9: repeat step 2 while calling courtesy plumbing.sure, can i get the replacement parts cheaper at ace or home depot? maybe with a few runs back and forth to figure it out.  with gas prices these days and who knows what other damage i would be inclined to do...one hour later, happy plumber, happy toilet, happy client + 2 advils for the head knocks.5 stars for service!for a visual re-cap:youtu.be/AU977j6YjE4
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,5/20/2012,175,380,12,21,16>Bert Levi is a special man with a great selection of jewelry.All of the people that work there including his wife and other family members treat you like a long lost friend.They take special care of you and can find what you want especially with their custom services.Most of all, Bert Levi knows how to treat the customer with respect and he listens intently to what your needs are.Customer service is sorely lacking in most businesses now but not with Bert Levi.You will feel his warmth and friendliness and he does an honest business.If you want to visit a place where you will feel welcome come here.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,5/19/2012,226,488,10,11,11>LESBIANS!  Well, okay, gay, straight, male, female...whatever...you are all welcome here, but this is one of the few places in Hillcrest (and all of San Diego, for that matter) that loves the ladies.  One look at the artwork and tsotchkes on the wall and you get the hint that the ladies are admiring the ladies.  This place is FUN!  Justin was a fantastic server.  The whole staff chipped in when needed too.  Our group relied heavily on the happy hour goodies...2 for 1 drinks (order a drink, you get a chip to cash in for another drink, you can use it then or at a later time, BUT ONLY during happy hour) were flowing.  We sampled the flatbread (bascially a damn good cheese pizza), ahi tuna sliders, chicken strips (WITH DILL in the ranch dressing...brilliant!), and so much more.  All the food was very good.  A couple of people sampled entrees and said the meat was quality.I will definitely be back for more fun!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,3/16/2011,792,572,23,25,24>Oh hi Quality Social, nice to meet you.  My name is Jojo and I'll be seeing more of you now that you're the new kid on the block.  I just wanted to say that I LOVE your braised beef chili.  It's not your typical, ground beef chili, this cup of heaven had none of that nor beans, but dang...can we say party in my mouth??  I squealed like a little girl on Christmas morning when I took my first bite, it was that delicious and probably the best five bucks I spent my hard earned money on.  Seriously, the chunks of fall-off-the-bone beef (if it were still on the bone) was so flavorful and the layer of melted cheese on top was a winner in my book.Oh did I tell you that I also have a crush on your H?  Yeah, I said your "H" which other patrons will love if they also like cucumber infused vodka, St. Germain liqueur, lime, club soda all garnished with a thin slice of cucumber and sprinkled with ground pepper.  The pepper threw me off, I normally like it on my food, not my beverages, but it was a fantastic, refreshing drink that I enjoyed two of tonight now that cucumber infused vodka is my new fave.Your restrooms are cute.  I'm digging the French-inspired boudoir decor.  I like the pink, I like the dual faucet, vintage looking sinks, the fancy soap and complimentary hand lotion are a nice touch and so are the prints hanging on the wall.  Yes, I paid that much attention to the details of this new spot.I love the look of the wine cellar you have along the wall.  You confused a few of us with having a girl sit/stand in there all night just reading a book and made no eye contact with anyone.  Made us wonder what the hell was her purpose being in there.  Oh well, do what you like, it's your joint.Did I mention I was here last night too?  Yeah, liked it so much I had to go back two nights in a row.  I appreciated how their staff from the door guards, the lovely hostesses, cool bartenders and our very attentive server, Theresa were all so warm and fuzzy with me and my friends.  You don't see that too often at spots in the Gaslamp, so this was nice.In summary, you should check out Quality Social.  No social overload for me at this spot since it's got a good combo of fantastic food, eclectic music, awesome specialty drinks, great service and ample seating that doesn't require bottle service.If I loved Pabst Blue Ribbon beer and ever craved one, at least I know Quality Social would be more than happy to serve a cold one to me in a paper bag.  Word.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,3/15/2011,645,258,23,19,18>"The Hole" This isn't any regular hole! This is the hole of all holes! You know the type of hole that makes things worth your while. Some holes are just plain hideous and much to small to move around in. This hole was cozy with lots of room to venture within. Prices in some holes can be a bit pricey, however at this hole prices were less than cheap. I want to go back and visit "The Hole" because not only did this place rank a "Hole in One" but I really like how warm and cozy everything felt. Loved the fire pit and the overall appearance. And to think... I wouldn't have heard of "The Hole" if it hadn't been for my Yelp friends. Come to think of it Yelpers really know how to choose the right "Hole"
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,3/14/2011,130,520,10,17,13>Came here for a Sunday brunch...We walked up to the restaurant, not much to look at from the outside yet somehow I loved it, a tiny parking lot leading to a rectangular building. Once inside the heavy door you walk right into the open floor plan layout with mostly plain walls, barely any art yet the simplistic nature really complemented the few decor items. We were told a 40 minute wait yet a short 10 minutes later, we were seated. Awesome!!Not a fan of the noise level here, I had to shout across the small two person table to be heard... thank goodness for getting better at lip reading lately. Definitely an important task to master prior to dining here. The service was also a bit slow but it was busy so I can be semi understanding.The food, we shared the blackberry pancakes and the artichoke scramble... both delicious. Loved the rosemary bread; I secretly have an obsession with rosemary seasoned foods as of late so it really hit the spot. Love that almost everything is meat-free unless you want to add it! Perfecto. Fresh ingredients mixed together by the wonderful chefs to create amazing entrees.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,3/13/2011,720,560,14,16,16>The economy has hit hard on all fronts.  Lucky people with a job, brown bag to work so they can save for special ocassions.  I rarely go out with co-workers because I have been very watchful of the spending.Lucky for me, sometimes the boss treats and in this case he did.  Never been to Tea Station before and its in a strip mall in Kearny Mesa/Convoy St area along with other Asian fast food places.  Looking at their placemat with locations all over the state (mostly Asian friendly towns) and NV.The menu is eclectic but standard rice or noodle dishes except they have tea flavoring.  Of course their specialties are the boba teas.  My group had a variety of orders and we all enjoyed.  One of them ordered some taro balls and to me it was delicious (others only mildly)  - Ok I ate most of it.The #10 was pretty plentiful, the main item, rice, pork sauce on top, pork chop, side dishes of pickled vegetables(yum), tofu and sprouts.  I thought it was good, the pork chop was a little bony but big enough to compensate for the bones.  My co-workers ordered some noodle dishes and all enjoyed them.I will definitely return for lunch and some boba teas.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2010,3/12/2011,620,1444,26,16,15>Like the girls we go for...** All-natural** Sweet** Down to EarthLike how they should be treated...** Slowly, savor each moment** Lick softly; don't bite** One scoop at a time, never mix two together (separate OK)
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,3/11/2011,303,349,18,18,16>As a kid I loved snow cones.. K I still do so I was shocked to run into this place!!! I am in love! It's Hawaiian style shaved ice not that I know what that's supposed to be like but oh wow I was happy and satisfied!!!! And who knew you could get flavored shaved ice And ice cream together??? Not me!! But you better believe I'll be spreading the word!!!! Soooooooo good!! I had to get the pina colada syrup over ice cream! Figured I'd go with the theme! So freaking delicious I wanted to get another but my friend and I got it to go to be lame and go to the nearby park and watch the sunset!! Lame!!! I wanted more!!! Not sure what to compare them to but I am in love so they get all my love!!!!Attention all guys: take your girl here after dinner if you want to score points! Trust me!!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,3/10/2011,149,72,24,21,20>There's nothing like spending a Sunday afternoon at a Korean market to bring me back to my roots.It's at places like Zion that I'm reminded of my deep-seated cultural values of  frugal spending, bargain-striking, and persistence. I find it in the ample number of middle-aged-lady-shoppers who unapologetically shove themselves against me to ensure that they get the ripest peaches, on sale for 50 cents a pound.(Tangent: When I come across these archetypes, I sometimes wonder why those who are so adamant about getting sale-items carry around Coach and Louis Vuitton purses, but I quickly remember that the accessories they carry are probably discount buys marked off 50 to 80 percent.)Just think of being swamped by intense shoppers, and maneuvering your cart in aisles which quickly-crowd, as part of the cultural experience.Grocery shopping here might feel like a battle, but after a look at my receipt and purchases, I always feel victorious.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,3/9/2011,117,104,15,13,12>today was the last day of "piggin' out" before i had to start taking my group of friend's hot body contest seriously.  so i rolled the dice, read the other yelp reviews, and decided to give Coop's the honor of being my last bastion of indulgence before i hopped on the youtube.com/watch?v=Z3ZA… diet.now, please excuse me as i drop yet another salt n' peppa lyrical reference:Coop, Coop ba-doopCoop ba-doopCoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doopCoop ba-doopCoop ba-doopCoop ba-doop ba-doop ba-doopummm, you're packed and you're stacked 'specially in the backBrother, wanna thank your mother for [slabs of meat] like thaterr-err-oot (poor phonetic spelling of a record scratching to a halt sound)... don't wanna bite off a homie's freestyle-friday style so i'll get down to salt n' peppa's musical masterpiece on my own time...back to Coops!this place is as good as yelp says it is.  a bona fide challenger to Phil's BBQ monopoly in SD? Yezzir!  i cruised down Imperial today in my bulletproof Honda Accord and saw the big iron cooker out in the parking lot and i knew i had finally arrived.  walked in and was immediately greeted by Coop himself and his friendly staff.  the menu was scribbled on two big white boards, and was, admittedly, a little hard to figure out to the casual eye.  the cashier girl tho was very friendly, and offered to answer any questions we had.on the left board they had the "meats of the day":- pulled pork (mmm)- beef brisket (mmm)- beef ribs (the best)- pork ribs- rib tips (mmm!)- uhh there were a few others but i forgotlunch specials:- big sammich and lil homie sammich- 1 meat combo plate & 2 meat combo plate, $9.99 and $11.99 respectively i think- WEDNESDAY SPECIAL: bucket o' meat! (didnt really ask about that lol)on the right white board were regular menu items.  it listed all the sides:- red beans n rice! (delicious)- baked beans w/ pineapple (loved it!)- assorted fixin's (aka don't remember)my buddy and i opted for the "kit n kaboodle" special for like $21:- 4 meats (your choice)- 2 sides (your choice)all that and 2 sodas and 2 pieces of cornbread came out to be like $23 (not bad!)the beef ribs and the rib tips were my favorite by far, and as other yelpers have mentioned, the meat LITERALLY just falls off the bone.  it's damn good.  loved the sides, and the option of cream soda was much welcomed!bottom line: Coop's is a place that's just startin up, but damn it has a tremendous upside.  the food alone is what's gonna make this place a San Diego treasure (a la Hodad's), and the customer service is unparalleled.  during our meal Coop came around and asked us how everything was.  a few regulars also stopped in and chopped it up with Coop.  with any start up business, you're not gonna have all the fancy decor or the open 24/7 availability that some other places might have, but all that'll come in good time.  till then i'll keep comin back to Coops to enjoy some of dat "good ol fashioned West Texas BBQ!"my one and only gripe was the moist toilette i got.  ...lil homie toilette was NOT moist!  other than that, everything was on point.it don't get much better than this place folks, come here, eat, be happy.  for my last ever indulgent meal for the next few months, i was thoroughly satisfied.  i've brushed my teeth since eatin' at Coops, and my breath still tastes and smells  like BBQ ribs, and you know what? i'm lovin' every whiff!today i ate like a pig, and now i'm gonna sleep like one.  oink! oink! good night!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,3/8/2011,302,349,8,12,13>OH. MY. GOD. This is the BEST tasting hot chocolate I've EVER tasted! TRY their Spicy Maya if you don't mind trying something new! The extra cayenne pepper kick is just what I needed on a rainy day on a random shopping spree. RICH, CREAMY, BOLD, and I absolutely love love love the spicy KICK at the end!!! Nothing like the regular Starbucks here. My husband got the blended chuao mocha and loved its strong coffee flavor. Also, all of their drinks can be made with soymilk- double yay! Service was prompt and quick, and I love how it's a locally-owned store, too.They also have frozen desserts with chocolates including scrumptious strawberry chocolate sorbet and banana chocolate sorbet...! They're complimentary to taste if you can manage to choose one! They said they have more sorbet options during summer. Can't wait!!They also have a wide range of chocolates. Very rich and dark- just the way I like it!!! I love how they have vegan chocolate selections - and labeled as "dairy-free" - so we can enjoy them freely! I can't wait to try more in the future!I'm now officially a chocoholic!!! THANK YOU CHUAO for such awesome selections of drinks, chocolates, and frozen desserts!!! I know where I'm shopping for some chocolate splurging in the future!! I dare to say I love this place more than Godiva. Seriously, who can beat freshly made gourmet chocolate with unique flavors like Chuao?!? Yes, it's a bit pricey but it's worth it. Yes!I finish this review with Chuao's note: "9 out of 10 guys scored higher when holding a box of chocolates." Guys, seriously, this is a perfect place to shop for that special girl! ;)
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,3/7/2011,1165,834,23,26,27>While the minty-fresh green exterior is what gives Mint its name, this is a place to buy shoes, not mojitos.  Mojitos would be found elsewhere in the neighborhood.  But I digress.Mint may be small, but the shoe selection is freakin' amazing.  Name a brand, and they'll have it.  Plenty of the usual sneakers (think Nikes, Adidas, Converses) but also more styley brands (Onitsuka Tigers).  Plenty of other brands that I'd never heard of, too.The unique selection here evokes something you'd find on Melrose Ave in LA more than on University Ave in Hillcrest -- and that, in my opinion, is a very good thing.Price-wise, I'd say Mint is pretty typical of boutique shopping.  Most items are at the retail price, but there always seems to be some kind of sale going on.  I've found good deals before, but don't count on finding one.  Persistence is key.The only reason I don't shop here more often is that they don't usually carry my size in the styles that I like.  (And yes, I usually do ask to see if they have any more in the back.) Damn my size-11.5 ogre-feet.  In frustration, I will now go on a violent ogre-like rampage all over San Diego.  Or something.  Grrrrrrr.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,5/16/2014,604,329,14,15,11>I'm a Korean and yes, I've spent countless weekends doing karaoke with my Korean buds back when I was way underaged. I've got this groove down and have my classic go-to songs picked out (which I'm too shamed of to name right now...Disney). I have to hand it to Karaoke 101, my Korean karaoke (noraebang) just isnt as good as this place. Dang, shame on ma people, I know. First off, it's the 21st century, it's a game of charades playing with Korean machines and their crazy overly-buttonated remotes. We all have experienced that pain, and tacky and sticky song books. This place is all computerized with a nice screen and mouse to choose all the songs to your heart's content. Karaoke 101 makes it so much easier in so many ways, and with clean rooms and wireless mics...why would I go anywhere else. Boom. Pros: - Spacious and clean rooms. Seriously, feels great to be in there - More than two singers? How about 3 mics in a medium-sized room? YES! - Bring your own drinks and food. Or at least we got a buttload brought in.  - Pretty reasonably priced compared to other karaoke places on Convoy. ($25 for a small room, $30 for medium, and more for bigger) - SO MANY AMERICAN SONGS. Many are DVD quality with official instrumental backings. You may also wind up with Wrecking Ball and the disturbing music video following along. Not that we...yeah, we did. - Seriously having a mouse and full-blown computer screen devoted to choosing songs...is totally a game-changer. No more explaining to non-Koreans what each button means. Hallelujah.  - They have a bottled-water fountain in the front! YESSSS. Cons: - You cant fast forward songs. Lame. Nor can you change keys of the songs. Lame. - I dont understand parking in this area. I really dont.Tips: - Run across the street to Zion and get yourself a bunch of Korean snacks and dranks. Much cheaper, more selection, and I dont think they really care.  - Tuesday to Thursday: 20% off with student ID. Say what?!  - All you can sing on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Sunday ($13.50 per person) and one free snack. Omg, sign me up. - Ask for a tambourine! Okay, really, I did review this place. I wasn't expecting to but the friends I was there with were asking if I would. And here it is. I'm impressed Karaoke 101. I'll certainly be back and Gangnam style with ya a few more times!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,5/15/2014,597,525,8,13,11>Do you want a delicious, wallet-friendly experience that will make your tastebuds scream with joy? Located in an obscure location off of University and First Ave, you'll find Empirehouse, situated snugly in what appears was once an old house, that will easily satisfy your caloric yearnings.It was a Sunday evening, around 7pm, when we visited, and we found it to be rather slow, but that's not uncharacteristic as to how things are in the neighborhood this time of year. After being promptly seated, we began perusing the enticing menu that features American comfort food and items that reflect the San Diego palate (ie. tacos). To start, we decided on the TOTCHOS ($10.50). Think nachos, but with tater tots substituting for corn chips. Indeed, a generous serving of tots, smothered in black beans, guacamole, a variety of cheeses and sour cream. You won't be able to stop eating them. We didn't. For my entree, I had the CHICKEN TACOS ($9.00). The portion is right on point: 3 tacos with a side of black beans. I loved this dish, and i just couldn't get over how lovely the black beans were. I was only able to eat 2 of the tacos. For me, that's unusual as I can typically finish my plate. So, you will certainly not walk away hungry.Our waiter was very polite and prompt with everything. We were pleased by the entire expeience and can't wait to return to further explore the other items on the menu.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/14/2014,422,254,8,11,10>I have nothing but raving accolades for Busalacchi's! I really cannot wait to come back here!My dear friend and I went here for a girl's dinner during Restaurant Week and the entire experience was wonderful. I literally enjoyed every single bite of the meal. We ordered the following: Appetizer:Lobster bisque with large crouton: super flavorful!! Our waiter gave us some complimentary bread so my friend and I used that to soak up every last bit of that bowl. Plenty of lobster in every spoonful.Entrees:Granchio: Pasta dish with large morsels of crab and a whole soft shelled crab to top it off. Mildly spicy to give it that extra umph. Super delicious!Pollo alla chef: Dare I say this is the BEST chicken I have ever had and probably will ever have. The chicken was so moist that I did not need a knife to cut into it. The soft texture was similar to texture of a white fish. I couldn't believe how flavorful and moist that chicken breast was. It came with mashed sweet potatoes and spinach. I really need to order this again. We had plenty of leftovers for the next day. I have to say, some of the other Italian restaurants' leftovers are super oily after being reheated, but not Busalacchi's! Another plus! I hate eating leftover pasta and there's a giant pool of oil at the bottom... Anyway, I'm taking my bf here next! Very soon!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,5/13/2014,51,25,3,21,19>During my Exams a friend of mine was living in my house for group study. We were studying at night. She was feeling hungry and told me to go out and have some food so that we can refresh our minds and relax our body. We went out and thinking what to eat? Suddenly she told me that we should have pizza from Mom & DOm's Pizza. I didn't experienced it before but I was ready to experience it for the first time. We went there and ordered a Pizza, surprisingly the service was quick and we was served with a pizza. Believe me the pizza was so great and YUMMy that I became the huge fan of the Mom and Dom's . The Dom owner was so friendly and we enjoyed very much.Prices were very cheap and fair pricing were seemed to be dealt here. I think this is the best place for the pizza. I have been going here from couple of months. LOVED that place.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,5/12/2014,489,135,14,16,15>This place has delicious sushi, sashimi... you name it - it's TASTY! Great prices too! and we wouldn't have discovered this place if it weren't for our good friends (you know who you are ;) thank you!) :D When you first step inside here, the interior (including the enclosed patio) is a bit on the small side but, then again,  it does add to its popularity and appeal..screw it!! 5 STARS because its so yummy here!! (But Daisuke, when I win the big lottery jackpot one day, I'm helping you expand this place so everyone can get to try your amazing food!!!)Hehe here are some tips for you:Be ready to wait for your turn to eat :D there's always a line here especially at dinner time! If it'll be your first time here (Again, if you've read my reviews before, you know I GOTCHU so you won't look like an idiot! :D!) be sure to head towards the main entrance door - there'll be a clipboard with a pen ready for you to write down your name and whether you'd like to sit at a table, bar, or patio (check everything if you want less of a wait - I prefer a table or sit in the patio though).  A server will come out periodically as the diners inside finish their yummy meal and leave :D Approximate wait time could be 30 min so don't come here starving or else you'll be very VERY grumpy. Fortunately, orders here come out pretty fast, delicious, and ... yes I'm saying it, "beautiful"  :D The vibe here is truly chill (and the beachy, Bob Marley decor definitely contributes to that hehe love it) :D My favorites:-Baked Shitake Mushroom Roll (8 pieces)!! "OMG this is so good" is what I kept saying out loud with each bite!-Albacore Roll!! :-) simple and yummy!!-Bruce Lee Roll!! Hi-ya!!-Smokin Jamaican Roll!! (My hub's fave!)By the way, you can make any roll you'd like for around $8.95!!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,5/11/2014,56,23,4,21,20>I have attended so many wedding ceremonies but last Sunday I was invited in a wedding ceremony of my friend, I saw something WOW!! The wedding cake, I just loved it. The shape of the color was too much impressive and everyone was praising. I wanted to know from where this cake has been taken. I was curios to know. Another friend of mine gifted that cake to her. She told me that she has bought this cake from SWEET cheeks Baking. Now I have been tasted 3 types of cakes within a week. Highly recommended for all people who wanted to taste better.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,5/10/2014,176,536,8,15,14>Being sick means looking for a hot bowl of soup to make you feel warm all over (and loosen your sinuses.)  Liang's kitchen has been on my list since I've started seeing all the awesome reviews about the beef noodle soup and the beef rolls.I came here during lunch and was the only person in there, parking, was not a problem, though there were not too many other parking spots due to the other restaurants that share the small parking lot.Got the spicy beef noodle soup with the thick hand made "L" noodles.  So good!  Thick rich broth had a deep braised cartilaginous flavor, and notes of soy sauce and star anise.  Delicious!  The hand pulled noodles were thick and chewy in a good way.  They broke apart easily and went well with the soup.  The broth was rich and packed with flavor and mildly spicy (50¢ extra) just what i needed for my cold.  The bowl is large!  I barely finished all the meat and noodles and most of the soup.  Toward the end it got to be too rich for me, but at that point i was stuffed anyhow.  Its a really tasty soup!  I left full, satisfied, warmed up, and sinus cleared; just what the doctor ordered!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,5/9/2014,3805,2172,12,28,22>This place is really growing on me, since the opened the location down in the Sports Arena area. The concept is great, you walk down the assembly line and choose your sauce and toppings, (yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…) and they put in the oven. A few minutes later, you are presented with a pesto, chicken, bacon, mushroom, mozzarella and ricotta pizza! (yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…) Those are the ingredients I asked for, and all for only $7.50. The pizza was great. I really enjoyed the thin crust, especially around the edges, and slight chewy texture towards the center (yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…). The bottom was perfectly baked to a golden brown and provided great texture (yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…).  The pesto had a good flavor, and I liked the way it bubbled up through the cheese, but you need to tell them to spread it on the bottom, onto the dough, not drizzle it on top. The roasted chicken plentiful, tender, and tasty, and the bacon was crunchy through out the pizza (yelp.com/biz_photos/pieo…). The ricotta was light and fluffy and the mozzarella had a great fresh flavor. Great pizza.Given I came opening day, it was a little chaotic, but the employees did very well. They were friendly and courteous during my visit. The manager was busily going around asking customers about their experience and commenting if they needed anything. One thing I did suggest to management, which I hope corporate takes to hear, was that they need to put felt pads under each of the chairs to reduce the noise they make when being moved. They sure cause a racquet, and I feel sorry for the employees that have to hear it all day and evening, not to mention the patrons. I like a great pizza..
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/8/2014,372,411,12,19,16>I used my noodle instead of a crystal ball to choose Bua's Thai Kitchen in Santee for our dinner for 5 people. Jackpot! I read Jack M's 5-star yelp review for this joint, and knew it would be a gem. The food was better than Amarin Thai in Hillcrest, and that's saying a lot. It's family-friendly, very casual, and it's located in a strip-mall on Mission Gorge Rd. with plenty of parking. If you're looking for a romantic atmosphere, this is the wrong choice for you, but if you want fantastic Thai food, definitely give Bua's a try. Five of us were all pleased with our food. There are 4 veggie egg rolls in one order, but we had 5 people. I asked if we could have 5 egg rolls, and the kitchen said, sure, no problem! (-; They were delish with a nice crunchy texture.I was crazy nuts in love with the 2 noodle dishes ordered by the other peops at my table. I stole as many Drunken Noodles with chicken as possible! That dish is outrageously good! I'm not normally a thai noodle fan, but I LOVE this dish, which also came with veggies & chicken! We ordered the noodle dishes with spice level 3/10, since the server said they tend to be spicier than at other Thai places. There was plenty of delicious heat in our noodle dishes.   I also sneaked noodles from my hubs ka-pao noodle dish. Wow! I dunno what they put in that dish, but the taste was unusual and scrumptious. It was $8.50 on the specials board.I chose the #45 broccoli stir fry with beef and house sauce on the menu for $8.50. It was a very fresh and tasty dish, and I liked the option of brown rice. I asked for spice level 4/10, since the server warned that the dishes tend to run spicy. On the stir fry dishes with rice, I'd ask for a 5/10 next time.The crispy chicken with mango for $8.50 on the specials board was perfect for my little granddaughter, because she doesn't like spicy food, and it was mild. It was enough for her to share with an adult, and had plenty of mango, crispy chicken, and broccoli, although my granddaughter probably stole most of the mango. (-; For dessert, Sticky rice with mango for $6.95 came with juicy sweet ripe mango slices, and we all loved it! Yum yummy yummiest!The kind staff surprised my granddaughter with a coconut ice cream, on the house! She had the biggest grin on her face. I asked her what flavor her ice cream was, and she said "It's white." (-;The food was so good that I asked our server if the chef was also the owner, because I could taste the love & pride that goes into the recipes. She said, yes, the owner was in the kitchen and she was the chef. (They also have 1 other chef.) Bua came out of the kitchen and I got to meet her and tell her I'll be back soon! Bua said if I come again with my granddaughter, just send word back to the kitchen if we need something to be prepared specially for her, such as a kid's portion. (-; Bua's Thai Kitchen is in a strip mall on Mission Gorge Rd. which at the moment also has a Bevmo, a Petco, and a Fantastic Sam's. I'm so grateful to Jack M and to Yelp for helping me to find this hidden gem in Santee!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,5/7/2014,243,302,12,12,11>To heck with this Johny Rivera guy!This guy already has two awesome other restaurants in SD (Tractor Room, Hash House), now he brings us a 3rd place for me to crave.I'm going to have to get a second job just to afford to go to all of these fantastic places.Anyway, this past weekend my Mom took my wife and I here for a late birthday/ anniversary dinner. Once our server heard that we were celebrating 7 years of marriage, 3 glasses of Champagne were whisked to our table on the house. Very nice of them! After the Champagne I ordered a few Johnny's Kentucky Spirits, a bourbon drink with blackberries!We started off sharing two small plates. 1- The Polenta with Pancetta which is what dreams are made of, AKA, my favorite thing on this planet and, 2- The Burretta cheese with grilled Pears, so damn tasty and creamy.For my main dish I stepped out of my comfort zone. I'm not a big fan of Uni due to the texture. I tried the special of the night which was Seared Uni covered in a Lobster sauce with Crab Risotto. So glad I tried it. The searing of the Uni gave it texture making this plate ridiculously good.Finished the night off sharing a slice of Marscapone Cheesecake with Caramel and Sea Salt on top.If I had my way I would change the name of the place to " Fucking Great Maple", but no one has asked me yet.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,11/14/2013,118,451,18,15,15>How have I lived my entire life without eating here? Ode to HodadsMy empty life was devoid of frings, and many other tasty things! Beer served in mason jars, funny license plates from cars. It really truly was my fault,I never before shared a chocolate malt. A little bit afraid for my tummy, could it withstand all the yummy?Shocked I nearly jumped from my seat,How was this unburger so great without meat? Simply good food is heaven sent,Eating it brought me merriment.Hodad might mean a surfer poser, but I turned into a legit bulldozer!Through each bite I argued my case to shovel food into my face.I heard BB lightly scoff,When I proclaimed I'd work the calories off. Hodads is worth the hype. They serve up good honest food at honest prices. I cannot even imagine how they would taste after a night out. On the way there I argued with BB that I wanted my OWN frings side but at the suggestion of our waiter I realized BB was right, a half order of frings was more than enough for us to share. It was so large we didn't even finish it! Which begs the question: What happens when you order a full side of frings? Does your waiter come out with a sack of potatoes in one hand, a sack of onions in the other hand, and then beat you about the head with them? I am actually afraid to find out. PM me if you know but take into account my fragility.My unburger was way good. Just blows In and Out away. Everyone is entitled to an opinion and to respectfully share it here on Yelp, but I just don't understand how anyone can compare this place to big chain fast food joints. Great sponge bun, gobs of pickles and cheese, plenty of tomatoes, and grilled onions made this sammy something to take notice of.Onion rings were breaded perfectly and hit the spot. Fries nearly made me lose my mind with the zesty seasoning and wedge quality. The chocolate malt brought me back in time to a simpler era without the hassle of giving up my smartphone and expectation of gender equality. The staff were beyond friendly and had great humor. They even anticipated my woefully (or delightful) habit of ordering ranch and brought it out without me begging ten times.I will be back... After I hit the gym!!!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,11/13/2013,83,108,8,6,6>My 100th REVIEW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GAHHHH! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?!?!? I LOVEEEEEEEEEEEE THIS PLACE!!!!So my only gripe is that it's really, really, REALLY noisy. and the way that the place was set up the noises just bounce around the room - but really, i do not care at all because the food here is phenomenal!!!!We ordered the small mashed potato pizza and a small b(urbn) barbecue chicken pizza for 3 people. i couldn't believe how HUGE the smal pizzas were. the pizzas were SOOOOOOOOOooOOOOoooOO good. super flavorful. like heaven bite after bite. I could gain 15 lbs eating here and i wouldn't care. NOMNOM!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,11/12/2013,656,263,10,14,11>Beach bites at it's best!Oh how I love these empanadas! This has been my go to spot for a quick bite every weekend for the last month. What's not to love? And for a menial $3.05 a pop, you can sample to your hearts content. But you must get it fried...I wasn't a fan of the baked, even though I was trying to go healthier. It's just not the same. But my buddy liked it baked so to each his/her own. And I am love with their chimichurri sauce and drown my empanadas in it...good stuff. Stephanie is a sweetheart & gave me a breakdown on her favorite empanadas. She even remembered us from the weekends past . Simon, the owner, came out to check on us and thank us for coming by again which was nice. The winners in my book:Sunny Goat: Organic Goat Cheese, Sausage, Sun-Dried TomatoAdobo Style Roasted Pork: Roasted pork with cilantro, onion, tomato and achioteCarne Molida: Lean Ground Beef, Green Olive, Hard-Boiled egg, Potato, Raisin (I picked out the raisins)Banana and Nutella served with Chocolate SauceDulce de Leche & Apple served with Caramel SauceGo get yours! I'm gonna get mine ;)
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,11/11/2013,426,172,9,10,7>I cant believe all this time and I've never reviewed this joint. I've been to Bar Pink many times either just for a cheap quick drink or to watch a band play. $2 beers :)Place is the cheapest bar in North Park. I like how the bartenders here have an I don't give a F@*k attitude, it makes me so happy and cheer every time they let there anger out when he makes a drink ( 1 count, 2, 3, 4 WTF i lost track lets start again... 1 count 2, 3, 4, 5, 6)There is always something interesting to watch, either a band play or some funny characters. A few days a ago a Hipster was dancing between the bar and the DJ booth kinda like Square Dancing and then doing a Karate Kick and saying HAA!! I Thought it was hilarious so as I was siting in the bar I turned around and synchronized with him when he Karate Chopped the air and we booth said HAA. Dude was cool and drunk, I'm pretty sure he got wasted and spent $20.Great modest decor. Contrary to other reviews I don't think they should remodel this place. I like it just the way it is Dark and Mysterious.Great Place to start barhopping.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,11/10/2013,734,200,9,18,13>Hooray K7 is finally open! I've been keeping track of this place since I got wind of the hip new sushi restaurant opening downtown. K7 is a great new addition to the Gaslamp quarter. The décor is very cool with original art and genuine Kill Bill samurai swords hanging from the ceiling. The space is smallish but nicely laid out with the sushi bar as the main feature. I love that they have old Godzilla movies playing on the TVs.Holy sake bombs! Seven different types of sake bombs. And the specialty cocktails are all amazing. I tried the Labbit, the Half Jewel, and the Ginga Ninja. The Ginga Ninja with gin, ginger, mint, & sparkling sake blew my socks off! Sooo good! It made a great start to a very amazing evening!The menu is impressive. Authentic certified kobe beef, exotic sushi rolls. I favored the Geisha Roll which is their version of a protein roll with tuna, salmon, yellowtail, and avocado wrapped up in cucumber. It was delicious! I also tried the Hugo Dreams of Sushi Roll with tuna, crab, masago, lemon zest, & ponzu. And my second favorite was the Japanese Lobster Roll with real lobster claw, avocado, tempura fried with jalapeños. So yummy!Based on the awesome energy, décor, great staff, and the well thought out menu, K7 will be the only spot to get my sushi fix.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,11/9/2013,441,198,17,16,12>Let's say you're having a lame weekend and Monday is looming. You realize you have absolutely nothing to contribute to water cooler chat or the obligatory  "How was your weekend?" . . . . why not blow their mind this time with a not so obligatory answer? Tell 'em you ROCKED out.  So long as it's before 7PM before you have this epiphany - you can make THE ROCK'S Sunday evening service - which is my favorite weekend nightcap that doesn't cause the Case of the Mondays hangover. This is a concert, a motivational speech, people watching, inspirational, and soul cleansing all in one. Plus, you can go to Trader Joe's afterwards and get something wild like Speculoos Cookie Butter with blessings -  and make your weekend tantalizing and newsworthy in under 2 hours. Bet that Pastor Miles will give you a soundbyte worth repeating, and bet that somewhere, somehow, there is a nugget in the sermon that will especially touch you and is just what you needed to hear.PS: You could do MUCH MUCH MUCH worse. Just look at the parking lot - you're in good company, folks. I always feel uplifted and mentally/spiritually nourished after being at THE ROCK. Then there's the Trader Joe's nourishment - nom nom nom.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,11/8/2013,231,311,8,8,9>I don't even know where to begin with all the superlatives: BEST OVER ALL IN SD AND the Gold Statue goes to Kevin, our server extraordinaire.  Beautiful vibrant vibe, excellent service, alluring decor, delicious & diverse food all within a reasonable price.They only charge $8 corkage fee over the retail price of the wines.  If you have been a fan of Kensington Grill, you will fall in love with Cucina Urbana.  This is absolutely the Grand Slam for me in San Diego.  I can not believe that I have only tried it for the first time last month.   I was back 3 days later.  The wine list, service, food & ambiance is hands down 5 star all around.  It is all in the details that make this place fantastic and in my non suburban dreams, I'd move in across the street so I can be closer to this amazing restaurant. Kevin our server was amazing and truly set the tone for the 5 star experience.  He made some great first timer suggestions (short rib paparadelle) and highly suggested the Pork Chop. We also had the brick branzino which was so unique and flavorful.   Kevin recommended I take home the menu so I can highlight everything that I have tried.  We asked for a specific wine and when they didn't have it, they brought over some alternative suggestions & also let us know they can order anything for us since it is also a wine shop.  If you can not finish your wine, they cork it & brown bag it for you to go.  This is a great place for a date, girls night out, celebrations, cocktails, eat alone at the bar, pizza & beer, wine bar, and group dinners.  Out of towers, I highly recommend grabbing a cab here & step away for the usual Little Italy & Gaslamp places.  It's a short ride & completely worth the $7 cab fare.  There is a ton of street parking since most of the businesses are closed by dinner time.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,11/7/2013,304,82,18,16,15>Having some friends in from out of town, awe that's nice, want to impress them?  Well making the decision to take them to Nobel Experiment is kind of like dating a girl who has not seen a lot of movies and passing funny lines off as your own, TOO EASY. Forget 5 stars. It's all about my new rating system. The 3 A'sAmbiance AttentivenessAttractiveness If this was instagram and I were a little weak in the wrists I would use emoticons and put a check mark and a smiley next to each one of those A's.  Strong drinks made with pride. Served by woman equally as shallow as me all under a nice din and interior vibe. Great lighting, huge deal to me. As I've quickly become a lighting expert I've observed the illumination of a room is like CrossFit, it can easily turn a girl from a 7 to a 10 so guys, beware.  Girls, same applies here: nice soft glow = all part of the show.So similar to my grades in school, Noble Experiment is all A's. Oh and hopefully you'll do your homework on how to get in.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,11/6/2013,489,135,3,9,9>New update! I have been coming here for years (since elementary school) and Kanpai still lives up to their authentic Japanese cuisine :-) You can't go wrong with their Bento boxes, their AWESOME ramen (I love the Hakata!), their fresh salmon nigiri, .. I seriously can go on and on.  You can, honestly, come to this restaurant everyday and try something new! (I almost did that with my mom, because we had this craving streak just for Kanpai! haha)  Anyway, I hope you enjoy the food and friendly service here just as my family and I have for many years. -Sarah Marie3/31/2013
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,11/5/2013,761,1572,5,12,5>I've been here twice in the last couple weeks, once for a smog check and once for front brakes.  Have to say, I've never had a more pleasant experience at the mechanic.Their operation is a well oiled machine (haha) with a knowledgeable office manager and efficient mechanics.  They were able to take me in for a smog check without an appointment and gave me a very reasonable quote for my front brakes without any up-selling or pushiness whatsoever.  I had a very pleasant lunch down the street until they called me (earlier than the estimated time too!) letting me know the car was almost ready so I could come back.Honest and quality work win out over scare tactics and sales scams...I'm a returning customer!  I'm sad that I finally find a place I trust and I'm moving soon.  Boo.  San Diegans, take your car here!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2007,9/3/2007,1070,429,9,9,12>I am, and always have been, a tomboy. Thankfully, I am a clean blond tomboy. Even when I am at my most grubby, my fingernails are clean and my bushy eyebrows blend in with my near-albino face.That routine all changed when I started at UCSD back in '02 and I entered into sorority life. While some stereotypes about the lifestyle are NOT true (no, the pledges do not have to parade around naked in front of frat boys), some are. I certainly felt a little bit of pressure to "feminize" myself. Enter: Fabulous Nails in the UTC Mall...mecca of the UCSD sorority girl. In entered an awkward ugly duckling, and out walked a slightly more spruced up duckette. Swan? Are you kidding? I was a pledge, silly, not an expert sorority Prez. Wanda, the waxing lady, became my beauty BFF for three years...she's friendly and outgoing, and last year when I told her I was moving back to the Bay Area, she got upset and demanded that I visit her whenever I come back to San Diego. My eyebrows have never looked as good as they did when she did them. The girls who do the manicures and pedicures are great - I'm a big fan because they never seem to rush you. They often made fun of my calloused feet (tomboys shun shoes, obviously), but were quick to remove them. The polish would last for almost a month, which was great for my quasi-hectic lifestyle. Walk-ins are always welcome, and the chairs are comfy and massage-rific. It's clean, fairly cheap, and I always feel wonderful after spending a couple of hours here. I still prefer beers and sports with the boys to chit chat with the girls, but I sincerely miss my primped out sorority days, enhanced by my monthly trips to Fabulous Nails.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,9/2/2007,288,330,2,8,6>A spicy Bloody Mary, an egg white tomato and basil omelet, and terrific fresh OJ on a foggy spring afternoon in La Jolla... served outside at a delightful little table surrounded by green leafy bushes, and all this enjoyed in rather good company.Maybe I am shallow, maybe I put too much emphasis on food and other earthly pleasures like basic setting and lazy banter... but this was a grand start to a day!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2007,9/1/2007,180,133,7,6,7>Sweet? Check.Hard? Check.Sour? Check.Chocolate? Check.Gummies? Check.Yup, Candy Expo has it all, even fist sized jawbreakers! I started thinking back to my childhood days that I would work on one of those for hours, only to put it in a ziploc and in the back pocket of my backpack to continue my eternal adventure later...Now let's fast forward a week, and to my visit at Candy Expo today. I was dragging and needed something to pick me up before I was tempted to fall asleep in the movie theater for the next 2 hours, so I gave the Chocolate Mint Ice Blended Coffee drink (16oz drink for less than $4) a try and it hit the spot - two times!!! It was D-LISH! Plus it gave me a nice lil kick to get me through the movie, which was HILL-AIR-EEE-USS!!!Definitely worth the stop!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,8/31/2007,144,74,22,18,13>Oh thank Buddha. I don't ever have to set foot in a SuperCuts again.I've been looking for a real barber shop for a while. Well. To be fair I haven't so much been "looking" as "hoping I would find". It's lazier, but similar.Anyway, I have found one. I've been in here twice for my new "close" look - #3 up top faded to #2 on the sides. The barber the first time was a bit chatty, but the second time when I arrived, there were probably 8 active cuts going on, and mercifully no one was talking. This is how you know you're in a man-friendly environment. Even though two of the barbers were women (I almost dinged a star for that), everyone knew that making small talk about the weather or about your stylist's no-good ex-husband who never really was very good with romance and always left dishes in th... oh my god, SuperCuts stylists SHUT UP!The cut was $20 ($16 plus tip) - a little pricey for a barber shop cut, but let's face it, these guys have to pay nearly-oceanfront rent. Most importantly - they shave the neckline. With that righteous hot lather and a nice, deadly straight-edge. Every cut comes complete with a few minutes of odd I-refuse-to-enjoy-this-too-much homoeroticism in the form of a 5 or 10 minute scalp and shoulder massage. It's truly striking to see this manly place with no talking and simple cuts and all the interior cues from the 60s you can shake a stick at ... and then one of the customers has his eyes closed as he enjoys a manhandling.But it does feel pretty good. Powerful hands kneading away my worries...There's a bit of street parking in front, and a big lot in the back.UPDATE (8/25/07): I've been here maybe 5 times so far, and twice now I've gotten chatty barbers who talk shit about their ex-wives and then about how now they're trying to choose which woman to stay with. If this becomes a regular thing, I'm gonna swipe a star away.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2007,8/30/2007,20,9,23,10,14>I had been staring at the beer selection for over ten minutes, going back and forth down the aisle, reading labels for stouts, ambers, ales and frankly, feeling a bit confused. "Excuse me,"  I said to the cute guy in a red Trader Joe's T. "Can you help me choose a beer?"I related that I had never heard of any of these beer labels (Joe's only carries craft beers, microbrews, and imports).The guy was a gentleman, kindly asked me what I was looking for, and made a recommendation. "Full Sail," he said. "It's got a light taste but a high alcohol content." A man after my heart.I thanked him, grabbed a six pack of Full Sail, a French baguette,  fresh basil, some mozzerella, sun dried tomatoes, and a jar of bruschetta. When I got into a checkout line, he suddenly reappeared, opened a register, and took me first. I didn't even have to wait! Then he asked me if I was 21. Trader Joe's, what a boost you are to my ego!In under twenty minutes and twenty bucks, I had the makings for a great party appetizer and a good beer buzz. Trader Joe's, you make shopping a breeze.Later that night, when I got home from the party and crawled into bed, I slurred to my mate: "The move is rooming."Full Sail really does have a high alcohol content. Thanks, cute red T-shirt Trader Joe's guy. With your help, I had a GREAT night.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2007,8/29/2007,134,206,10,11,9>First of all, what the hell is Boll Weevil? Anyways, my car was busy getting new brakes 1/2 a block away, so I thought I'd walk to Boll Weevil to kill some time.I've only been to Boll Weevil once before this, and I didn't eat anything, I just sat around with a bunch of friends and played pool a little. This time around, I was determined to get actual food. Plus, the padres game was on.Grabbed a burger, a beer, some "frings", and sat at the counter while I watched the game. Very simple. The waitresses seem a little spacey, but I don't really mind, I'm a pretty low-maintenance customer. Nothing bad, nothing awesome....Just....Thank You, Boll Weevil, for keeping me company.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2007,8/28/2007,134,160,5,12,9>Yeah, I get to review Goldilocks first! Ok, first off, I love the adorable name. This is a Filipino bakery that makes pretty much everything, including Americanized cartoon character-themed cakes for the kiddos' birthdays. But it's the "brioche" that I love. (Filipino Ensaymada) At about 500 calories a pop for each of these little buns, it's a total indulgence. But they are so. damn. good! Think sweet Hawaiian bun slathered with sugar-infused butter and grated cheddar cheese on top. Who knew these would be so good!
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2007,8/27/2007,666,662,16,14,10>Nothing says "second date" like taking someone to Ebisu.  It was a cute, cozy little sushi spot, and although I had called ahead to try to make reservations, I was told that Ebisu only takes reservations for parties of four or more.  Luckily for us, we had a seat for two--the last ones available in the place on a Saturday night.  No worries, however--if you do have to burn some time off before you make it to a coveted table in Ebisu, they have a teeny tiny little "cocktail lounge," that would be irritating by its size if it wasn't so damn cute.Now, onto the menu.  I tried a deliciously random combination of sake-mojito-martini-ness that had mint and sake, and martiniesque trappings and surprised me by tasting unnecessarily good.But, what I'm sure you're waiting for, is the greatest meal item in the history of the universe--the H-Bomb.  I nearly dropped my menu when I saw it on the list of specialty rolls, nestled between more commonplace things like "California" or "San Diego" roll--but there it was, a delicious roll set named after one of the most tragic and potentially needless actions of World War II.  I'm assuming that the H didn't stand for hydrogen, but rather for Hiroshima.  I was a bit disappointed that there wasn't an accompanying Nagasaki Roll, but possibly calling it the N-Bomb might've forced Jesse Jackson to protest in front of Ebisu.  (Good call, guys).Despite the inherent horror of ordering crispy fried death, it was a delicious and amazing little restaurant.  I'd also recommend the poke salad, but let's face it--you have to go now and order the flash fried flavor sensation of Hiroshima in a roll.  We had a blast. ;-)
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2007,8/26/2007,32,96,3,7,4>I love dining at locally owned mom and pop type restaurants.  There is something satisfying about getting a great meal while supporting people who live in your community.I dined here a few days and ago and I enjoyed the service and the food.  There were a few hiccups with the meal, but nothing to dissuade me from eating here again in the near future.  The decor is a little funky because this used to be a Mexican restaurant and still has this vibe to some extent.I ordered the fried chicken with sides of dirty rice and collard greens.  My wife ordered the jambalaya.  Both dishes were very good.  The fried chicken is cooked to order and does take a while.  The dirty rice was cold in the middle, but they brought me back out my order perfectly warmed when I brought it to their attention.  The chef then came out to check on our meal.My only complaints are that the prices are a dollar or two too high for the casual nature of the restaurant and the corn bread is average at best.  Despite these petty complaints, I will definitely be back to try some more of their down home cooking.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2007,8/25/2007,109,121,4,6,3>Man, I was an ardent supporter of MTS until recently.  I've been late to many meetings, dates, Padres games (damn Special Events trolley very unreliable), rerouted, stuck sitting next to some whack jobs, left behind with damn near-empty trolley cars, etc.  The worst ordeal yet was on a Saturday night when it took 30 minutes to get from Little Italy to Park & Market, just across Downtown!!!  It would have been nice to hear some announcement that maintenance was in progress between America Plaza and Santa Fe Station.  In that case, I would have taken a cab.  (Only later would I find out that my trip was a waste, adding insult to injury, but that's a non-MTS issue)With all that being said, I still rely on the trolley to get to/from work, only because it is convenient (only 3 stops/7 minutes, when something isn't broken), my monthly pass is paid for by my employer, and it's better to take the 8/9/30 buses to the beaches than to helplessly find parking in the meathead-haven of PB.  Oh yeah, I'll give one more plug to the 992 bus.  Better than taking a frickin' cab to Lindbergh Field, and once again, it's free, thanks to my monthly pass.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2010,11/27/2010,297,536,13,10,10>Okay, scratch that boyfriend part below...Oh Blue Water...why do you do this to me? Why oh why must everything be so scrumptious and delicious and feed my oral fixation with such succulence and pleasure?! WHY?!?! I like it spicy and you give it to me...I like it moist and your fish never disappoints. I want to be filled, and oh how you fill me so! Is it possible to have an orgasm of the mouth? I do believe so. Oh how you do this for me, Blue Water. And you do it for so little. ~$20 for fish tacos, clam chowder, ceviche and a tip? I feel so dirty. I feel so wrong.And fat.Until next time. . .
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,11/26/2010,413,327,23,18,18>Foot massage. Two simple words. What comes to mind when reading them? Your feet? A brief massage? A lot of money? Prepare to have your mind blown. You walk in and the nice lady at the front (probably LiLi) will say, "Appointment?" "No," you say. She doesn't seem to mind. "Wait minute." She disappears for a moment behind the door. "Ok you come now." She beckons and you follow her into the dark, tranquil back room where the magic happens. "OK you sit here." She points into the darkness and as your eyes adjust you see a horizontal couch-slash-bed behind a curtain. "OK you put feet in water." She grabs your feet and plunges them into a plastic bag inside a bucket filled with water. The water is piping hot but something about the zen music and the brevity of her speech makes your nervous system accept the burning sensation on all the little hair follicles of your legs. What happens next is not a foot massage. She moves to the top of your body, scratching your head, massaging your neck, moving your head around. She pulls your arms in ways that should dislocate them but instead feels amazing. She pokes, prods and pounds. She does this to your head, your neck, your legs, your back, your chest... everywhere that is not your feet. And when about an hour has passed, she finally gives you a feet massage. A spectacular foot massage. All for just $17. "OK, you done," she says, giggling a little bit. "OK you come again next time, OK?" You find it difficult to speak, or even to stand, Your body is putty and your words are soup. "OK, I come again next time," you say as you melt off the bed and back onto the floor.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,11/25/2010,200,245,17,18,17>OMG, if I could choose to make love to a restaurant, I would pick Prepkitchen every time.  Hands down.  Everything about Prepkitchen is just THAT AMAZING.My friend and I came here for dinner one night after someone suggested it to us.  We arrived at around 8pm, and easily found parking right across the street from the restaurant.  Whaaat?  Easy parking in Downtown La Jolla on a SATURDAY??  Is the apocalypse coming or something??Upon entering, we were warmly greeted and promptly seated by the lady behind the counter.  We were served cucumber water, which was different from the normal garbage-flavored water and definitely refreshing, while we looked at the menu.Our waitress was seriously one of the best waitresses I have ever met (wooot, someone got a big tip that night! ;D ).  She was genuinely interested in hearing our stories and making conversation with us.  Ahhh, I can't get over how nice she was :)  She informed us of their soup of the day and the Blue Plate special, which consisted of seered scallops, mashed sweet potato, and some sort of coconut sauce drizzled over the top.  It sounded sooo delicious that I couldn't get myself to focus on anything else on the menu, so I ended up ordering the Blue Plate special.All I have to say is that the scallops tasted just as delicious as they sounded, but what really blew me away was the mashed sweet potato.  OMG, every bite was a foodgasm/explosion of flavors in my mouth; I had to use all my strength to restrain myself from crying out in sheer ecstasy.  Portions here are just right--after the meal, I felt full, but still had a little more room for dessert (haha, the inner fatty in me comes out).  We ordered the salted caramel pecan fudge brownie.  The brownie was a little too rich for my liking, but I loved the salted caramel pecans on top.  Nom nom nom.  The meal was relatively cheap too!  Our entire meal came out to around only $40 total.  Whaaat?  Around $19 for my orgasmic plate of scallops?  Makes me feel like I stole from Prepkitchen.DEFINITELY COMING BACK HERE TO TRY THEIR OTHER FOOD ITEMS!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/10/2010,11/24/2010,409,62,9,16,11>I usually come here on Monday's when most rolls are 70% off. CRAZAYYY! I think they get their new shipment of fish on Tuesday so they try to get rid of their old stuff by having this happy hour. Expect a suuuper long wait. People usually start lining up at 5:30pm so unless you get there by then or earlier, expect around 30-45 min wait. I guess if you're super hungry, you can eat a little something at the mexican food place right next door.Anyway, the sushi here is just OK. It's not bad but it's not the best. The crunch rolls here are pretty good and so is the rainbow roll. I usually order about 3 rolls and still pay around $12-$13. The service here is just OK. The main hostess who usually seats you is pretty cute. 8.6/10. Extra points for that. The thing that kinda got to me was that they were kinda stingy with the ginger and wasabi. We had to ask them over and over again for ginger and they kept giving us small amounts. The stupid thing was RIGHT when were almost finished, they decided to give us a gang of ginger... Way to go...You also have to street park. I hate street parking.But all in all, I would ONLY come here on Mondays for the 70% off. So try it out on a Monday for a great deal.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,11/23/2010,302,349,9,10,10>I love MSC- good food, good music, good ambience, plus their happy hour 5-8pm soju cocktails and karaoke can't beat. Their "haemool jun" (korean pancake #1 on their menu, I think) can be made vegetarian if seafood is taken out. It's quite good and the sauce is yummy.Their service, however, could quite improve sometimes. This is a Korean bar with loud music which means you have to RING RING RING THE BELL for any kind of service. However, sometimes ringing the bell 10x times won't get you any service until you push the BILL button. We will likely be back for good ol' Korean food, but probably with smaller groups. They tend to charge extra 18% service added for any group bigger than 5.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,11/22/2010,268,411,10,14,12>Let's face it. UCSD is boring. I went here for school for four years and have been working here post grad for 1 1/2 years. Thank GOD there are places like Porter's to liven up the atmosphere.I go here often for my lunch breaks and I'm always satisfied. Yea, they have $5 draft beers and I know I can get that ish cheaper elsewhere, but it's on campus, so it's worth it. Their food is also quite tasty, but can take awhile to come out. I always order the rockstar (a grilled cheese sammie on sourdough with NO veggies, my fav) which is QUITE delicious, though I think they have decreased the size of the sandwich and the amount of cheese :(The people are cool here, they have plenty of TV's, and alcohol on campus. Yes pleaseee. I love porters. Rockstar and pear cider please :)
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,11/20/2010,280,181,17,23,22>After a two-hour hour dinner, my girlfriends and I needed our dessert fix. We had been wanting to try Heaven Sent, so off we went. We had to drive around a couple of times since it was a Friday night, but we were able to score street parking! (Although I believe I cut someone off who had been waiting for it. or not.) We walked in and noticed it was quite busy. We quickly scanned the desserts and decided to share the Red Velvet Vixen Cake, Creme Brulee and a pot of the Passion Fruit Tea.We were able to grab a table right infront of the live performer.. unfortunately she was already packing up her guitar. Bummer, some music would have been perfect.But no worries, our desserts arrived at our table and our eyes were fixated on the two plates. I was the first to attack the creme brulee.. sorry girls, you snooze you lose. Hah! Let's just say for a second I was in heaven. Creme brulee heaven. The top was perfectly carmelized and the filling was smooth as silk. I closed my eyes and wished the moment would last forever.. okay, I'll stop now. I was a bit hesitant to try the Red Velvet Vixen Cake. I had been so disappointed with previous bakeries.. the cakes had either been too dry or too dense for my liking. It definitely wasn't the case here. The cake was light, fluffy, and moist! There were quite a few "mmm's" going on at our table.. we just kept talking about how good everything was! Next time you're in the mood for some dessert, keep this place in mind. It's sure to offer up a little slice of heaven. :)
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,11/19/2010,110,95,11,11,12>So my girlfriends had to drag me to a class here - I had no interest in going at all and they totally peer pressured me into it. I don't really like to dance unless there is lots of alcohol involved or some good 80s music. :-) I asked if we could at least learn a routine to Girls Girls Girls by Motley Crue but my girlfriends told me to stop being ridiculous.So I showed up to the class as a total negative nelly, and to my surprise I absolutely loved it! First of all, this was more like a fitness class at the gym so I felt totally comfortable. And as others said, you can have as much fun with it as you want and be sexy or down to earth. We had a group of 9 (there were 8 poles and we rotated every couple of minutes). Whomever was taking a turn off the pole took photos with all of our cameras. We chose the 90 minute class, and it went by so fast!I think the key was all about Marie - a fabulous instructor. She really cared about helping each person get the moves down, and repeated things so many times that even I was able to learn the routine (I usually have trouble with this). She was also so encouraging and complimentary to everyone, so we all had a great time!I highly recommend the experience for a night out with the girls or a super fun workout class. I also wondered if Marie had stripping experience, and we ended up joking about that... she is a fitness instructor and teaches kickboxing, body pump, and more. So stop putting this off and go sign up!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,11/18/2010,722,1124,25,28,27>My only 5-star sushi restaurant review ever....in the United States.First and foremost, I have a high standard when I review a sushi place. I dont abritrarily give out 4 stars unless there is high quality sushi in the establishment. To get 5 stars would require a restaurant to go above and beyond my expectations.Of the many many sushi establishments I have tried over the past 13 years, only one has met my expectations and that would be my GOLD standard for future sushi visits. Unfortunately, the place "Yoshi Hachi" is in Okinawa and both my visits there were the most rewarding sushi dining I have ever experienced. I would use this standard to find an equivalent "Yoshi Hachi" in the states.Fast forward after eating at dozens of other sushi establishments and 2 years later, I find myself here in Sushi Ota.First, like all other reviewers have stated, you need a reservation and you need to sit at the bar. Might be difficult for a group but sometimes you just need to sit there and enjoy your meal by yourself or with just one other at the bar.Next, take your time before you order and just sit back and relax and enjoy the ambience. Close your eyes and just listen for a minute or two. You will feel like you are in Japan...well for me that is. The only difference is that you are not sitting on the floor with your shoes off. But just hearing the busy sushi chefs make you feel like they are doing their best to give YOU, the customer the highest quality of sushi out there!!!Now to the sushi; here is what I ordered:Tuna -  vibrant dark red color, very tender,not at all chewy/rubbery, but each bite felt like you wanted seconds.O Toro - very fatty, but the fat is what makes it sooooo good. oh..btw...I have uploaded pictures of all the sushi I had for this visit. Nice, slightly chewy (due to the fat) but all you can think about when you are enjoying this O-toro piece is simply extravagence. Again, close your eyes and just enjoy this highly priced sushi.Salmon - Again, vibrant color, like all of their other sushi meats. It's truly an artform when they present the sushi.Yellowtail - Nice piece of white tanned meat, again very tender.So at this point, I didnt order any more. I was already awe-struck by my four sushi plates that I had the privilege to have been made by the Master Chef and owner himself Chef Ota. I then left it into his hands for his recommendations on what's next on the plate and here is what else I had last night:Halibut - slightly chewy, white meat with spots of red coloring. Served with a special sauce (sorry no soy for this one)Kanpachi - Vibrant cream colored meat, so vibrant you can see the veins on the meat (see pic). Again for this one..no soy. Red Snapper - slightly chewy, slightly fatty, white meat with pink skin.Bonita - one of my favorites now, vibrant red meat color served with chopped green onions and with tiny fish eggs.Octopus - ahhh..very japanese style, fresh, still alive, slightly chewy white meat served with a hint of lemon squeeze. "well hello there Mr. Tentacles"Golden Snapper - top portion was cooked with a flame and served slightly warm, nice and meaty.Aji (mackerel) - wow, another great presentation by the Master chef himself, nice slightly tender pink meat with a shiny silver skin.Chopped Toro - may not look pleasing to the sight, but the taste is unforgettable, slightly fatty, pink meat.Green Tea Mochi Ice Cream - Nice way to finish the end of a Friday night. is to have some really good green tea icream.Recap - Again, my #1 sushi restaurant in the US is this place, Sushi Ota. Accept no others, although you can but you can definitely tell the difference.  I'll be coming back again and again and spending over $100 a night for one person might be a norm now, now that I have found my Yoshi Hachi.Domo aragato Master Chef Ota and the people at Sushi Ota. Bravo Zulu!!!!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,11/17/2010,4165,809,63,36,34>QUESTION: Why is Mr. Snow Crab looking so sad these days?                                                                                              o       o                                                                                            oo       oo                                                                                               oo       oo                                                                                                    oooo                                                                                                  oo   oo                                           ooooo         ooooo                        oo     oo                                        o           o      o            o                 oo      oo                               oo   oo     o    oooo     o     oo  oo      oo     oo                               ooo           ooooo           ooooo              ooo     oo                  ooo                                                                      ooo             ooo                                oooooo                                  ooo                   ooo                        oo           oo                          ooo                       ooo                                                         ooo                            ooo                                               ooo                                      ooooo                           ooooo                                             oooooooooooo ANSWER: Because I ate all his delicious, spicey, garlicy, buttery, meaty legs...but I only got one claw.Take off your rings and bracelets, put on your bib, and prepare to get messy!  I ordered Snow Crab Legs with Full House sauce at Medium Spicey...Crackalackin delicious! But next time I'll just get 1/2 Medium...it was too darn spicey!  I also reccommend sweet potatoe fries and hush puppies(I don't know if they're authentic, but yummy nonetheless! Just like fake boobies...)    DATE TIP: Did she, or he, just spend $30+ on a manicure? If the answer is "yes" and you plan on getting laid that night, Crab Hut might not be a good idea.  SAFETY TIP: While breaking some crab legs, a crab shell piece suddenly shot into my friend Marie's eye.  She now permenantly wears an eye patch.  You may want to bring safety goggles, maybe even a Helmet.  BIRTHDAY TIP: You get a free Crab Hut Crab Hat! (See Photos!)But no 5 Star here, its a little pricey since nothing is included with your main "entree", you gotta pay for your extras...which can easily become a $30+ meal.  Crab Hut...your legs are tasty, but not as tasty as my wife's legs. Wait! Now I'm talking about dessert...
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,8/12/2012,437,748,5,6,3>Feeling adventurous from your normal everyday cow turned into a burger? This place is is definitely worth a try. Despite my opening line, I played it safe and ordered a "Blue CRAB & Surimi Burger with sweet Chili-Cilantro Sauce 8.99" I have to tell you though... there was absolutely no regret as this is now my new favorite crab burgers!! All I can say is... YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY DELICIOUS!!I love crab, I love Chili, and I love love love Cilantro! What Can go wrong? NOTHING! Not even the price which my cheap-*** usually complains about. It was cooked perfectly, had really good flavor and came with TWO crab patties! TWO?! I think I just about fell off my chair and landed in burger heaven!I did dare to try my BF's "Ebi the WILD BOAR Burger with poached Red Wine Pear, Mushrooms, Bacon, Cream and Plum Jelly" Meat and fruit? Crazee! But Surprisingly, the two worlds or meat-y and sweet-y have collide and merged into an amazing explosive of flavorable creations! I'm a huge skeptic sometimes,but I learned to trust this menu. Poor Ebi. It's really hard to eat something when there is a name attached to it. But a girl's gotta eat, right? And especially if it's good and it's meat.Overall, I really like this place! "Crazee Burger" is the perfect name for this run down, and a bit small eater-y. But don't let that stop you from trying some of the best animals that someone else has knocked down and turned into a buger for you. I cant wait to try the rest of the menu! (I really am an animal lover! But I just love meat so much! Life is so conflicting sometimes...)
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,8/11/2012,308,596,3,6,4>These guys were on the craft brew map a long time ago...before San Diego has skyrocketed on the beer scene.  I have been coming mostly for lunch for years, and I hardly ever get there during the evening.  The food is good....better than your average bar food for sure.  I like the tuna melt.  But yadda yadda.....get to the beer.Their beer list is what matters.  This is how you take a boring corporate lunch and put some pep in your step when you get back to the office.    They have some of my favorites....especially in the IPA category like Pliny, Sculpin, Le Freak, Fathom IPL, Racer 5, West Coast IPA, Duet IPA.  Thats a hell of a California lineup and can rival any list.  They  have a nice bottle list, they have mead, and you cant go wrong with any beer here.  Anyway....overall a great little pub and it is a great place to watch soccer as well.  For me, it lacks the location/atmosphere for 5 stars, and the parking sucks in that little lot.  But otherwise it definitely stands out as a go to beer spot.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,8/10/2012,422,254,3,7,4>mmm! The macarons here are light, slightly sweet, and the texture is near perfect. They are the best morsels to devour when you're having a craving for sweets. At least, that's how it works for me. We ended up getting the cappuccino, strawberry, pistachio, and hazelnut macarons. I had my eye on the salted caramel, which seems like the majority of the reviewers on this page are raving about. I'll be sure to get that next time. All the macarons range in price from $1.75-2.25 depending on the specific flavor.Every bite was light, the filling was creamy, and the exterior cracked just enough when you take a bite but didn't fall apart. Loved it!They also have cute little sofas if you like to sit and relax to chat with company.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,8/9/2012,43,110,3,9,8>As a kid I grew up with parents and grandparents who could barbecue wonders. When I moved away from home, one of my favorite things to do was grill day or night, rain or shine. So, whenever eating BBQ away from home, no restaurant ever came close.Whether it was Barbecue Pit in National City, what used to be Love's Barbecue in Chula Vista, the over-rated and over-hyped Phil's, nostalgic vendors at the Del Mar Fair or Lil' Piggy's in Coronado [to name a few], I knew that better tasting BBQ was as simple as firing up the old Weber at home.As skeptical as I was about Coop's West Texas Barbecue, I am proud to say that the verdict is in and I've never had BBQ more delicious than this.Coop's BBQ is everything a restaurant should be:--The meats are drool worthy [with just the right amount of smoked flavors]--They have yummy sides like collard greens and red beans and rice--Service is friendly and every time that I've visited, Coop was there working alongside everyone else in the back--Add in free sweet tea [that's just the right amount of sweet], some Maxwell playing over the speakers and I couldn't ask for moreUpdate: For those who haven't been here in a while, they just opened up an extra dining area called "Coop's Chow Hall". Now you can bring all your friends to share in the goodness.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,8/8/2012,119,190,15,13,17>When a Northparkian friend told me recently that an Irish bar was *finally* opening up in the neighborhood I immediately transfered a large sum from my savings into my checking account and cleared my incredibly busy drinking calendar for the foreseeable future, patiently waiting at University and Ohio like an eight year old kid in line at Disneyland for the first time. Northpark has needed an Irish pub for a long time. I was giddy.Then, last week, the sign went up. Seven Grand. Are you flipping kidding me? The family-owned downtown LA speakeasy whiskey bar? We're getting THAT beauty of a bar in Northpark?! How fortuitous! What luck! Better transfer more cash! Sure enough, the newly opened Seven Grand does not disappoint. The dark, luxurious decor lends a sophistication worthy of the finest whiskey drinkers. Was that Ron Burdundy sipping a smokey scotch at the rich mahogany bartop? Yes, I think so. They also pour gin and vodka, naturally, and the bar tenders are highly competent professionals. As one of my friends noted (near tears), this place is "dreamy". Disneyland for Northparkers? Maybe. One thing's for sure: I just discovered my new go-to.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,8/7/2012,352,132,11,10,12>Pastrami holds a near religious place in my tiny universe. Marrying the Almighty Pastrami with a bounty of vegetal goodness atop a holy shrine of italian bread is enough to make any mortal man fall prone to the ground and lift his hands in worship. I have had the Lord Pastrami itself manifest in such a way and come within me but a few times in my short life, and it was on the sacred grounds of Mona Lisa Italian Foods where I last experienced such a presence come deep within me. The spiritual leaders of Mona Lisa (or line cooks, watevs) conjure the Pastrami forth from a heavenly body of different cuts of meat held together by leather and then sear it upon their grill; being careful to crisp the edges perfectly while really getting the juices flowing. The Pastrami, just born of immaculate conception, is lain upon the most humble of mangers--a simple concoction of bread and produce, and it is then sacrificed to the omnipotent Jesus H. Johnstummytums and later resurrected to join other Pastrami spirits in the underworld.Aside from cult-like Pastrami sandwich worship, one will also find a store of fine italian wares, goods, and more types of dry pasta than I have ever heard of connected right next door. I've had some other pasta dishes, but it truly is their sandwiches that stand out, at least to this guy. Service is legit and it's located near my favorite in-house pouring bottle shop, so I find it worthy of my business in all respects. Also, there are enough Italian folks about with New England accents for one to pretend they're in a mobster movie about to get schwacked, or about to schwack somebody else. I always prefer to pretend I'm about to schwack someone else...perhaps you even...
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,8/6/2012,741,244,6,8,7>Was jonesing for a Day of Beauty after long hour days at the office.  Looking to treat myself I decided to go Beauty Lounge after looking at all the great reviews on Yelp.  I was about to try one of those places offering Groupons or Living Social but after looking at those reviews I decided to skip the "bargain" and try a legit. place. Was greeted by friendly people, offered me a Mimosa and seated in one of their comfy Spa Chairs.  I decided to go for the works at far as the Pedi and was not let down, Mister worked on my feet and legs for over an hour while the manicurist worked on my hands.   I asked about Shellac and she said yes, they do Gels there and informed me that Shellac is just a brand name.  I went for it and asked for a french manicure with pink tips for Valentines day.   I'm not a person that usually gets a manicure, more of a DIY time chick.   I came out of there with my tootsies all gorgeous (the best pedicure I've ever had) and my fingers looking delicious.  The Gel lasted 20 days and I'm super rough with my hands.  I've since gone back for another set and I think I'm now hooked.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,8/5/2012,379,153,3,7,5>JALAPENO AND CREAM CHEESE TOTS!! AHH!! They were so delicious, and because of that, I know I'm going to crave them in the near future (and by near future I mean tomorrow morning).The ambiance was nice and the location was great. As far as parking goes, there are quite a few spots up and down the main street.Service: A+The restaurant wasn't very busy today, but for only having one server, I was really impressed with the service. Our server's name was Dorian (sp?) and if I could choose one server to have at every restaurant, it would most probably be him. He had amazing energy, recommended ONLY THE BEST TOTS EVER, and was efficient at serving us.The music was fun and made me want to dance! At lunch time? C'mmon! You have to acknowledge how awesome that is!The only reason why I give this place less than a 5 star rating is because I promised myself that I wouldn't give places I've only visited once more than 4 stars. R Gang Eatery, I'm glad I found you!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,8/4/2012,246,524,4,8,5>I heart Thai food, and wow, what a great find! Off the beaten path and away from the tourists. Just the way i like it! Sure, it's in a slightly ghetto area, but the restaurant is nice inside, staff is great and the food is awesome!We had:- Spring rolls with tofu: four total, huge, filled with rice noodles, mint and cilantro and comes with a spicy peanut sauce, which was a bit too salty for my taste, but still good- Drunken noodles with beef: nice kick to it with level 5 spiciness (10 being highest)- Cashew nut with tofu: really great flavorEverything was very flavorful, came with rice and was only $25 on a Sunday afternoon. Plenty of food for two and i have leftovers for lunch tomorrow.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,8/3/2012,604,329,9,12,9>HOLY DEAR LOVE OF ALL THINGS PIZZA, I was skeptical. Seeing 800 reviews with an average of 4-stars, I was still skeptical. When my vegetarian friend raved with utmost passion of how OH-EM-FREAKIN-UHHMAZING their mashed potatoes pizzas were...I was still skeptical.I told her to stop hyping things up because I didn't buy into it. I also proceeded to boldly tell her that I would straight up say if it's good or not. She didn't stop. Totally giddy like a little kid about to explode into a thousand pieces (well, she is kinda small, so I guess the imagery worked well...). And in the end, she was right - I might turn giddy and explode next time too. Pizzas are not my thing, but "Basic" just became my thing. There's something magical that happens when you realize you just ate something really, REALLY good. And what we ate, was definitely worth raving about. Here's the magical formula:- 1-3/2 person: Small pizza- 2-3 person: Large pizza  (Actually, just ask your server, she will know if the size is big enough. Yes, I just said she.)YOU HAVE TO GET THIS:- WHITE PIE W/ MOZZARELLA (PARMESAN & GARLIC) ($10-small $16-large)- Topping: MASHED POTATO ($1-small $2.50-large)- Any meat topping. People say bacon, but just mashed potato was really good on its own.Pro: - Conveniently located next to Petco park - Wait time can suck but they will CALL you if you put your name down when your table is ready - THEIR PIZZA. DEAR LORD, YES. - Prompt and helpful waiters. - Clean and hip feel. Would never expect this to be a famous pizza joint.Con: - The place is split into a bar and a restaurant. The music got SO loud and was practically straining my voice to be heard (because it also kind of feels like a warehouse and had no cushioning). It's not a quiet place! - Wait time can suck, but it's worth it.  - Drinks are overpriced by a lot.  - A bit pricey, but split the bill and it's not bad for quality pizza!  - There is a very obvious layer of oil on the surface of the pizza. Please apologize to your arteries in advance.  - No happy hour on Padres game days!Tip:  - Have one person in your party put your name down as you go park! - The bar section has a few tables too where you can get pizza. We just took a table and got served - bypassing the wait line for the restaurant side. - You can also get this to-go! Bypassing all lines hahaha.THANK YOU GOD FOR CREATING EUPHORIC FOOD. The mashed potato was such a weird topping in concept, but amazing on the actual pizza. The mozzarella was very stringy and very tasty. The thin crust was fabulously soft but perfectly baked. Everything about that pizza was perfectly orchestrated...like how you're drawn to reading this review and realizing "I...really...want...that...now."I just won you over to the dark side. muHAhAH.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,12/20/2010,853,525,13,17,16>Stopped in with a friend on a late Sunday morning during Thanksgiving weekend. I'm used to seeing the Kono's line out the door and either along the sidewalk by the 710 bar or across the boardwalk pathway in front of Crystal Pier. Fortunately, I was able to grab a rockstar parking spot in the cul de sac, which sometimes can be a challenge because Kono's doesn't have their own parking lot. My friend parked one street over. Today's wait time was above average because the end of the line, which was moving smoothly, was just inside the doorway  [yelp.com/biz_photos/zYg3…. The tiny dining room was packed as usual, but we were able to grab an indoor table, which was nice because the weather was brisk, breezy, and a bit too chilly to be outside on the patio area behind the kitchen. They certainly could use more space to accommodate more customers, especially large groups, but there's really nowhere else to build...bummer. When I got to the front of the line, the friendly cashier greeted me warmly. I put in the order and grabbed a seat. My Big Breakfast [yelp.com/biz_photos/zYg3… was brought out a few minutes later, and at $6.50 for a generously hearty two-serving portion in a single order, this is probably one of the best deals in town [yelp.com/biz_photos/zYg3… [yelp.com/biz_photos/zYg3… . It's no frills, served on a paper plate with plastic utensils. It's a belly busting breakfast and probably a food challenge for some, so consider splitting the plate, unless you plan on skipping lunch. This isn't the healthiest eats, folks, and this isn't fine dining either. Take the $9.00 foofy-customized-special-order omelette with a la carte no/low carb portion control options and your silverware and linens elsewhere. I'm here to indulge.Kono's Cafe appears to be a quick service, flat-top grilling, greasy spoon diner; and set up to keep their chow line moving while feeding the masses on the cheap. Sometimes Kono's dining room fails on the quick and with the parking situation, especially with the tourist season crowds.  If you have time with friends to hang out near the beach for a super casual breakfast, then give Kono's Cafe a try.  You certainly shouldn't leave hungry and still have some money left in the budget.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,12/19/2010,50,122,9,11,12>If you live in the south bay and are contemplating acupuncture, please try Bonita Acupuncture.  First of all I LOVE JOEL!  He's a fun person, always has a huge smile on his face, and an awesome acupunctureist!  He takes his time with you, listens to you, and I'm blown away by what he can determine about you just by looking at you.  On my first visit, he tells me to stick out my tongue... ok.. ahhhhhhh.  He says to me, hmmmm, I can tell you are a thinker, got a lot going on in your mind.  Wait, whaaa?  How the heck did he know that?  That's one of my husband's biggest complaints about me!  haha!  I was super nervous about my first treatment, but it was no big deal and when I walked out, I was walking on clouds!!!!!!!!   I've been going to Joel ever since - he's great!  Also, the front desk staff is super friendly.  Always makes for a great experience!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,12/18/2010,541,302,7,10,10>The transformation from the previous airlined themed bar/club to a eatery/bar is long overdue IMO. The whole airplane bit was cool back in the day - referring to the time before everyone you were acquainted with was employed as a mortgage broker or pursuing their real estate license with the hope of flipping properties and now their flippin burgers.Sorry to digress. I was reflecting.I do like the new style of El Camino, its the smaller version in Golden Hills, but this one is on steroids. Now I know many reviewers are hatin' with their blistering comments on the food and service, and frankly you may be spot on, and call me one dimensional, but for me, the bar is what really appeals to me above everything else.At least for me, I want a bar that is not only close to my place (in case I overindulge) but a spot that has outside seating. My profile pic will tell you otherwise, but I don't smoke, but occasionally, I want just want to be outside and not stuffed in the darkly lit room.I've eaten at El Camino's other location, so I imagine it's the same. Deferring to the memories of my taste buds, I'd say that the food is better than average. For sure, its better than Funky Garcias for sure, but for the downtown area, I still prefer to eat Mex at La Puerta.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/23/2009,12/17/2010,735,735,20,20,20>Our brave hero got splashed by Shamu from sitting in the first 10 rows, and now he might have whale herpes.  How often do they change the water in Shamu's 7 million gallon tank?  Ever?  Ick.  Lick your lips after you're splashed and you might taste some whale urine.Our foolhardy hero rode the Shipwreck Rapids ride during a cold night.  Big mistake: there's no avoiding getting soaked on this ride.  There is a reason why they can sell $20 towels here at Seaworld.Oh, you can buy beer here?  Suddenly, the sea lions comedy show at night just got a whole lot more entertaining.PROS:- Free fireworks at night during the summer.- Well organized shows with a lot of variety to choose from: Shamu, dolphins, pets, comedy, 4-D movies, and more!- The Journey to Atlantis ride is pretty exciting and worth riding over and over a few times if the line is very short (usually around closing time after dark).CONS:- Ridiculously overpriced food and drinks.- It's hard not to step on any children when navigating this giant daycare center.- They close the doors to shows when they start, so there's no catching a show midway through.  You better show up on time and read the show guide!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,12/16/2010,393,158,12,17,15>Phenomenal Japanese skewers.Beef tongue was so amazing that I came back the day after my first visit for more.Presence of Japanese workers, Japanese cooks, Japanese patrons, Japanese writing on the menu and even on the signs in the restroom appear to give Yakitori Yakyudori an authentic Japanese ambiance. While waiting for our food, we were served a plate of cabbage lightly drizzled with soy sauce, which we learned was to cleanse the palate before enjoying the meal.One of the members of our group suggested we order the Orion beer (brewed in Okinawa), which is slightly lighter in body than Sapporo.Orion beer and warm sake complimented the meat skewers wonderfully.Since I found YY so novel and delicious on my first visit, I have been back several times. During my visits to this fine establishment, I have enjoyed kimchi, quail eggs, and several skewers including: beef tongue, mushroom, chicken heart, chicken gizzard, and chicken liver.All were delightful, except the chicken liver. Although chicken liver may be worth a try, my dislike of it is just a matter of personal preference.   Beef tongue and chicken heart are highly recommended.Chicken gizzard was okay.Quail eggs, served in a bowl with a side of spicy mustard, are definitely worth trying. These eggs are much smaller than chicken eggs yet the flavor is far more rich and robust.Bowl of kimchi was relatively small for the price; would have been better if they had a larger size available.During one of our visits we sat at the bar, which was more enjoyable than sitting at the tables because it was pleasant to watch our skewers cooked right in front of us.Side note: Make reservations, as this place is rather small and always packed.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,12/14/2010,507,528,4,10,7>I must start by saying that I am rating the product and not the actual location because I have not been in YET (although I look forward to trying it)My boyfriend picked up a few chocolate bars for me from here.  The Graham Cracker chocolate bar and the chile hazelnut are to die for!I like that they are local and they have a commitment to natural ingredients!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2010,12/13/2010,463,442,8,11,11>Came here for a late dinner with some family members who were visiting from out of town.  We arrived around 10pm... just in time for their late night special:  buy one get one free of the supreme lamb.  Food was okay.  Good variety of meats, seafood, and veggies to choose from.  Broth was pretty tasty overall, but a bit too salty for my taste.  The spicy broth was ridiculously... spicy... but not that lingering type of spicy that burns your tongue for the next 20 minutes... it was more of a choke when you inhale if you're within 3 inches of it.  I hope that makes sense....Some staff members were extremely helpful, while others appeared annoyed to be there.Overall, an okay place.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,12/12/2010,804,248,16,17,16>This is a family style restaurant similar to that of a Coco's or a Denny's. So I wouldn't recommend this to be the spot to impress that someone for Sunday brunch. But if grubbing on some hearty and satisfying food is what you had in mind, this is a place that'll hit that spot. I've been in here two or three times prior and would order from their breakfast menu. Always, I've walked away happily full. But ever since I was introduced to such an awesome egg, gyro, feta, and tomato combo, I've been hooked and will not order anything else. That glorious gyros omelette is the what will bring me back. The huge plate is full of lively Mediterranean flavor, sided with a plentiful serving of hash browns. Simply delicious! But aside from the food, the aesthetics of it all is a bit outdated and visually uninviting. That in which you'll soon forget as you as you dig into your plate. Yet, I still wouldn't spend the rest of the morning here to stretch and relax. You'll want to come in, get seated, order, sip on coffee, eat that huge portion of food, pay and leave. That's it. You're well fed and on you go with the rest of your day. So avoid Denny's like I do and come here. Way better food. Way better!!
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,12/11/2010,310,200,9,12,11>Wow this is an amazing store. They have EVERYTHING. Comics, trades, busts, dolls, shirts, etc. I also don't get that "You're a female and you're in here why?" vibe that I sometimes get from being in comic book stores. You'd be surprised at how many times I've gotten, "So who are you buying these comics for?" But I also get that reaction when I buy tools at Ace Hardware or Home Depot. Sorry to disappoint the men that I left the kitchen section at Bed, Bath and Beyond. Anyways, they have GREAT deals here as well. I just scored some Buffy figurines that were Buy one get one 50% off which is AWESOME because Buffy figurines are SO hard to find now..I'm kicking myself for not buying Buffy merch when it was on the air. They also have Star Trek merch which is nice because my dad is a HUGE fan and it's hard to find now. They had Tiberius cologne which is almost hilariously awesome enough to buy for my dad for Father's Day.  Yes, I think I will do this.  They're also quite nice and helpful with questions. The store comes off as a great, home away from home hangout which comic book stores should always have.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2010,12/10/2010,237,127,6,10,10>Best Italian restaurant I've ever been too! Granted, I'm not Italian...but I am an Arab who likes Italian food a lot. If I were Italian I would probably compare this restaurant and their dishes to my grandmother's dishes and my review would be skewed and not very helpful because it's not like you would be able to experience my imaginary Italian grandmother's cooking...so there. Must read highlights: - Fair prices   - Validated parking   - Casual to Dressy   - GREAT food   - Wonderful service   - Excellent spot for a date or special occasion   - Not ideal for large groupsRest of the story:I found this spot using non other than Yelp. It was my birthday dinner and I wanted to go somewhere new. We arrived for an early dinner and were pleasantly surprised that there was free off street parking for the restaurant (once validated). There was a covered outdoor patio and a very intimate indoor dining area. The colors and sounds and decor were very pleasing...it definitely added to the overall experience of the night.I had the black seafood linguine...ah-mazing. My fiance had the lasagna...scrumptious! Moms had the spicy sausage something...delicious! Our server was excellent. Very friendly and knowledgeable regarding the cuisine...and very Italian. They brought out dessert on the house because of my birthday. It just was an excellent place to go!Find a reason to eat at Ristorante Arrivederci!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,5/30/2009,415,328,20,25,24>I found this place thanks to Yelp.com. I went here yesterday after a walk around Pt Loma and OB. Thank goodness we had been walking because I am sure we consumed a ridiculous amount of calories from the oh so tasty pastry. Along with our breakfast pastry I had tea and my friend had a coffee leche. Both were delicious. So before my friend headed out of town, we hit this place up again for breakfast this morning. Just as we were walking in, a guy was putting some delicious coconut cake in the display case. We had to have it. I think it had guava and something else in it but I really don't recall. We also ordered the Cuban toast which was originally what I came in to eat. The toast is grilled with nutella spread in the middle of the bread. OMG! So yummy but nothing could beat that delicious cake. They also had some awesome looking key lime cupcakes but my waist line will have to wait another day to try those. Also they have Cuban sandwiches, but the lunch menu doesn't start until 11:00am so those will have to also wait for another day. Thanks Yelp, this was another great find!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,5/29/2009,639,492,28,27,27>This place is kick ass. And they actually have a drink called Kick Ass and it kicked my ass. I came here on a Friday afternoon for lunch and really wasn't expecting much. I picked it because I thought the decor was cute. I love restaurants with palapa bars. Makes me think I'm in Cabo. The service here was absolutely phenomenal. When we were ordering the Kick Ass Margarita they asked us if we were aware how strong it was. My husband stated he was a virgin and the next thing you know it we have stickers to wear stating we were Baja Betty Virgins. Fun. So after getting our asses kicked by the drinks we enjoyed the taco plates for lunch. I had chicken, Todd had beef and we loved them both. Most restaurants don't do well with chicken but Baja Bettys had the perfect combination of spices and it wasn't dry at all. The rice and black beans were a perfect accompaniment. Todd hoovered his plate in about 5 minutes so I'm gonna assume he was happy with. I know he really dug the chips and salsa. The chips were fresh and they had that mexican seasoning that upgrades them a bit in flavor. The salsa was pico de gallo style with jalapenos. So go for the ambiance, the food and the incredible service and don't forget the Kick Ass margaritas.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,5/27/2009,245,144,33,26,25>Fire your shrink. You are essentially a means to his smug, soiled-sock-sniffing end, a willing recipient of his psychological soliloquies that are geared more toward legitamizing his half-baked theories than actually addressing your issues. For every ink blot, cryptic analysis or halfhearted insight you're spoon fed, your shrink's ego grows at a rate inversely proportional to that pitiful pittance you call your bank account. Stop shelling out upwards of $200 per meaningless hour to gorge on faux therapy.In the alternative, become a disciple of the Church of Sarah's Smash Shack. Sermons include dressing up like a Power Ranger hopped up on Mortal Kombat and testing the durability of various dishes under the influence of wine, incandescent rage and AC/DC.**Disclaimer: Sarah's does not serve alcohol; I pre-gamed it. However, she will hook you up with a destruction soundtrack from hell while you're giving a big 'fuck you' to proper form. Additionally, do not hold Sarah's accountable if you subsequently develop an unalterable perspective on abberant usages for plates.**Possibilities abound for those of you who are living a perpetual existence in the Hatrix (it's a hard knock life). Want to physically (and legally) express your anger toward elderly Sunday drivers, old flames, past and/or present administations, Wall Street,  your boss, cats, cute shoes that don't come in your size, Yo-Boys, Buffalo Exchange employees, shitty coffee, cover chargers, double negatives, waterproof mascara, pretentious waiters, the LSAT, hippies, mouth breathers, the Bible Belt, hit-and-runs, skinny jeans, embarrassing area codes, Kathy-fucking-Lee Gifford, Donald Trump's combover, rush-hour traffic, Ugg boots, any place that doesn't offer Wi-Fi, dust, self-inflicted abstinence, hangovers, Shakespeare, The [You Wish You Were] Genius Bar at Apple retail stores, soggy waffles, gawkers, cock blockers or asshole cops???Your maniacal Mecca awaits you, brother. Journey to the promised land. Catharsis guaranteed..
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,5/26/2009,166,94,17,24,21>The first time I went here was by coincidence.   I was running out of gas and since I don't know the area I saw a gas station and  I stopped.  While I was waiting for my tank to fill up, I noticed a little building next door  that said Mary's donuts with an amazing smell that makes you want to follow it.It was late in the afternoon on my way home I figured what the heck a donut can't hurt anyone.  I got a half dozen and indulged in one while driving home.   Wow I kept thinking it is late in the afternoon and the donuts are still fresh.  I can't image going there early in the morning when they come out of the oven.  I went there this morning again because I decided to try them early in the morning.  My senior fellow workers were so happy and they loved them.  Bring verde no atm accepted.  Coffee must be good I saw a bunch of people ordering it.  I will have to try their coffee next time.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,5/25/2009,132,148,12,12,13>Gorgeous, bare-chested eye candy galore, but none available for me.*pout**sigh*This club has proven my atheism, because goddamn... you would never see so many physically fit, well-groomed men in a straight club.  *weeps*Ah well, the strong drinks (nice strong drinks here- YAY) helped me drink my pains away.  I came here with my friend Frank, and we danced the entire time except for a short break.For a straight girl that wants to dance her lil feet off, gay clubs are heavenly, and Rich's is no exception.  I learned to dance @ a gay club- and it had been a while since I went to one.  I actually got to dance with a few really cute guys, which made me so bouncy and full of joy.  It was so nice that I could just DANCE with people and I didn't have to worry about them getting creepy or wanting more than to shake it on the dance floor. I was here on a Sat night for Voltage- and the DJ played some house classics that got the crowd going.  I don't mind crowded dance floors, and it did get pretty packed as the night went on.  I'll likely be back here on a Saturday night again.Note:If you're using the ladies room, chances are- you may see some guys checking their makeup or chatting with their female friends.  No big deal, didn't bother me.  Not like they were peeking over the stall or nuffin.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,5/22/2009,306,288,20,25,21>Lisa has been diversifying she has now added all sizes, a Vintage, and children's/baby section!All sizes of women now from size 0-7x, it's like a HUGE MALL. With a tough economy for a lot of folks now is the era for some severe THRIFT store AK_SHAWNNNNNNN! I want to give it; I want to get so-uhm toooooo. People always ask, "How do you find such great stuff at these thrift stores, it always looks like junk to me?" Now I'm going to share my secret with you, FOR FREE! Behold, the secret to my thrift store shopping MOJO.{Now we're going to a place where we pretend we're out front at the store of Great Curves and I'm the little yelling baby turtle teaching you how to jump into the E.A.C. (Eastern Australian Current) in Finding Nemo. My behavior is assertive yet energized and I yell every single thing I say.}"Today we're gonna have a great shopping experience! For many years I've bought and sold my attire on consignment. Most importantly, located in Point Loma, is a store for those of us who are a size 0, the range for women goes to 7x, it says here on the sign {she points to the sign on the building fervently}.As you all can see I tower at a whopping 5' 2" height. Another extra special body bonus is that I'm also too big busted for said midget-like status."{She shows her chest like Vanna White and she's still yelling like a sky diving instructor}"I have problems getting large to fit me in the "normal stores", but I'm not alone, we're all in this together (she holds hands in a circle wanting to sing kum bi ya but she holds back). Here is the thrift store shopping guide preparation list:Do: 1. Comfortable clothing to cruise the store at high speeds2. Hardy underwear including proper bra that is comfortable for a calm productive spree3. Wear your hair up in a pony tail (if it's long) to reduce aerodynamic pull in aisles4. Plan a list of colors/items you want, for example: Black pants, Pearl necklace to go with Grandma's earrings, new red bra for Valentines Day soiree, and how about a new outfit for next Yelp Elite Party!5. Wear shoes that are your most common ones, you will see if various jeans, skirts go with your normal every day look and you're more likely to wear those clothes.6. Plan on giving yourself some 'Me' time, you deserve to look good and it takes time.Don't:1. Wear a large purse/bag (it knocks things as you coast at high speeds)2. Wear heavy make-up or perfume (causes avoidable perspiration for heavy changing)3. Wear jewelry (may damage yourself while whipping clothes off at high velocity)4. Wear tights/nylons, or contraptions that will slow down shopping perusals (unless you need them for a specific outfit you are planning on buying)5. Have your cell phone in bag/on body, people could interrupt your shopping mojo.Next we have our do's and don't INSIDE the store of Great Curves, don't leave home without them:Do:1. Start walking through all rooms going from the front to the very back. 2. Get your bearings, get out your list, and maybe if you're new ask for a little tour.3. Things are generally grouped color coordinated, locate sizes and many pants, shirts, skirts then hang them up in the large change rooms.4. Do a pass a few times; each time you look in other crannies and racks you'll see something better than your last tour of duty. 5. Time: You need to spend some time in a thrift store carousing up and down, I like to do shifts try stuff on two or with three passes through the store between changing.6. Know that cross dressing traffic has been known to shop here, so if you are in need or know someone else in need, send them their way.7. Talk to other customers and parade around in clothes you're trying on, it's certainly ok to ask the staff if stuff fits, and they are actually honest.8. Snag some hipster-i-fic vintage matter which is sure to cause stares and green eyed jealousy abound.9. Buy clothes that fit your new size, even if you are transitioning between sizes you spend less here than you would on new clothes, and as any fashion whore knows, clothes that fit, are clothes that look best.10. Buy outfits for work or job interviewing suits11. Buy outfits for that Ocean liner cruise that's coming up12. Buy Holiday, Grad, Wedding, and Special Event formal wear13. Try on shoes, scarves, accessories and cool vintage hats and handkerchiefs.14. Buy Hospital Scrubs.15. Buy full length body slips, short/long skirt slips, and SPANX.16. Bring your best pals in, and have fun trying stuff on.17. Buy maternity clothes.Don't:1. Bring a box of clothes expecting a spontaneous consignment account creation, please make an appointment first.2. Expect people to do your shopping for you. You need to get in there, you need to get dirty, you need to wear your glasses so you can see the numerous gems abound! (Yes I said abound twice.)Women owned and opera
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,5/21/2009,185,61,19,23,21>This is by far the cleanest laundromat I have EVER been to, which is why I drive past multiple establishments to do my laundry here.  Not only are the owners incredibly nice and helpful, but they really take pride in their business.  On every visit, I have seen them constantly cleaning from floor to ceiling and always offering to help me in any way that they can.  In fact, on my last visit I actually forgot to get cash prior to my arrival, so they let me store my soap and baskets in the back room while I ran to the ATM for some money.  Upon my return, they were also generous enough to break the twenty dollar bill so that I wouldn't be stuck with a few week's worth of quarters.So please, stimulate the local economy by doing your laundry in an establishment where the owners are actually present, and care about the service they are providing.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2008,5/20/2009,2068,297,18,18,15>Star Bar is the cheapest bar you can find in the gaslamp area.  They charge $5 for cover but all their mixed drinks prices make up for it.$20 total will get you a good 3-4 drinks and thats even including the $5 cover :)It gets a bit rowdy in here from time to time but never too crazy, haha.Plenty of awesome drunk peeps in here that will offer you drinks randomly, funny stuff, lol.  You'll find people of all sorts in here, so the crowd is quite mixed up as most of them come in for the cheap drinks to get that buzz going, then on their way they go to whatever club is next on their list.All the bartenders are Filipino women, just call them aunties :P hahaEven though they are old, don't underestimate them, they can out drink you ;) I had a drink that was way too strong and asked her to add more coke into it and she said "Too strong?  Just DRINK IT!".Good times.....
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,5/19/2009,301,266,13,12,15>Yes, my eyes are bigger than my tummy.  Although I've always known this, it never proved more true than yesterday.   My burger at Beef 'N Bun was huge-mungous.  I orderd the 1/2 lb burger, fries, fried zucchini, and by marwin a. request, a chocolate peanut butter milkshake.Burger was fresh and standard burger tasting.  Better than In-n-Out in my opinion.  The bun was unique.  The 1/2 lb of meat was way too much for me but I wasn't about to waste beef, so I forced it down.  I did, however, take 1/2 the shake and 3/4 of the zucchini home.  I shouldn't have.  The zucchini was pretty nasty once it got cold n soggy.  The shake was great though, even after I tossed it in the freezer and finished it off hours later.I am for sure, going back to Beef n Bun.  Their chocolate peanutbutter shake was so good.  Since its so close to church, I just might have to make this one of fav Sunday lunch spots.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,5/18/2009,74,74,63,67,68>One o'clock in the morning, my phone rang."Marwin,ambulance is taking Grandma to the emergency room at Zion. Chest pains. Meet us there".We arrived at exactly one thirty AM, and Grandma was already being helped by the very competent professionals.Before we got there, blood work was already taken, ekg, and cat scan were also done.The vitals were done and her heart/blood pressure was already being monitored. I felt that she was in good hands.We had a chance to speak to the emergency room Doctor,and her nurse,at length.All the necessary procedures were done to rule out any serious problems, we were satisfied with the answers to all our questions.The ER Doctor ,Dr. J. Bush.even joked with me that Grandma is a "feisty woman"I asked Grandma what she said to him."Oy, Marrween, ayy tankt heem, ant toold heem dat hee ees nat ass bad ass hees Ankel, dat meerdeerrerr, Djords Boos." (I thanked him and told him that he's not as bad as his uncle, that murderer,George Bush)Haha.They admitted her to a room in the cardiac unit at three AM.Finally, our family was allowed to see her in her room.They actually allowed all six of us to go in because she was in a private room. Normally, only two at a time.  She looked so frail.After a short prayer of gratitude, we left so she can rest.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2007,11/25/2007,103,575,4,10,7>Like most thing ethnic, San Diego is sorely lacking in good Indian, but at Becky's suggestion, Kristin, Sue, Dan and I went to this great little gem. I must say I was very impressed as it rivaled the best Indian in Boston and Seattle. So despite the lack of abundance, at least San Diego does harbor one fantastic choice. We had the chicken korma, a saag dish, the eggplant paneer, and another dish that for the life of me, I can not remember. Each dish was bursting with flavor and absolutely wonderful. We were seated at the patio, where a tree had been allowed to growing through the deck and a perfectly fitted hole was cut for it to grow through the tarp covering. There's gotta be some extra good karma for them not cutting down the tree in favor of capitalistic expansion. I'd give it a bonus star, but it's already earned a 5 star rating, so I can't go any higher. The best I can do is to promote it to all my friends and yelp peeps. Go forth and eat well.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2007,11/24/2007,82,61,9,8,6>Did you know that Jerry Garcia is alive and well and making ice cream by hand in Normal Heights?  No?  Well, maybe he's not Jerry but Dick does crank out some of the best ice cream I've ever had.The atmosphere screams hippie!  There's pictures of great rock bands from the 60's on the wall (I think Dick might have a crush on Janis Joplin), activism pamphlets on the tables, and 16 delicious cartons of ice cream which you can try bites of before you make your choice.  I always get this mental picture of Dick firin' up a fattie late at night, crankin' up the Janis, and experimenting with different flavors like some kind of mad stoney scientist.Personal faves are Mexican Hot Chocolate (tastes just like iced Ybarra chocolate), pistachio, and chocolate peanut butter.Oh man, I just drooled on my desk at work.  Nice.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2007,11/23/2007,153,40,27,22,14>I'm staring "blankly" at the wall...as I ponder what I could have spent with the 6 bills I just laid out for dinner at Blanca....a car & insurance payment...two month's worth of groceries...a roundtrip ticket to Miami ...two pairs of fly True Religions from Bloomies...an iPhone AND a Nano...a donation to charity worth a rockin' write-offOooops - I think I just shyte my pants. :-( That said, as I remember what my party and I stuffed our faces with at this swank spot, hidden in one of suburbia's seaside strip malls, I reminisce fondly about each scrumptious selection of creative, inspired, perfectly prepared food...all 6.3 bites of it. Blanca is a true arbiter of style and setting - the place is simply beautiful and works to your advantage if you're trying to impress. What it lacks in windows or a view, it makes up for in visually stunning interiors. The restaurant's main dining room oozes sex appeal with a cool, contemporary fusion of rich woods, luscious sharkskin fabrics, contrasting shades of earthy taupes and crisp whites and decadent place settings where a silver block letter "b" atop a napkin is the center of attention. Equally as contemporary yet seemingly more contrived is the adjoining bar lounge with its blue silhouetted backlighting behind a white polished-concrete wall-to-wall bar. The lounge area is flanked in a swank wraparound leather sofa with just the right ambiance for mingling with mates over pricey pre-dinner cocktails. An alluring menu of starters, both hot and cold, and an imaginative selection of fish, meat and poultry-based entrees make up the majority of Blanca's menu. The succulent Snake River Farms American Kobe steak comes with perfectly sauted broccoli raab and fingerling potatoes in an Applewood smoked bacon vinaigrette. Other entree standouts include the Colorado Spring lamb loin, sake-marinated black cod and day boat diver scallops served with American Sturgeon caviar. Here, dropping a c-note or six is totally par for the course, as Blanca's menu prices are more "special occasion destination" than "casual dinner with the dudes." I give Blanca hella credit for its divine design and tasty cuisine, however what you get in actual sustenance vs the cost...frock, I coulda had a V8! Bottom line, I like Blanca's concept, but won't go again. Don't mean to sound cheap (because I'm not, I promise) but they've either got the most expensive chefs working in their kitchen or the team grows, raises & slaughters EVERYTHING they make...and then passes on one hellacious labor mark-up to the customers.So not worth it!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2007,11/22/2007,55,43,6,6,6>SD boasts a helluva lot of burrito joints, but more often than not you'll find that the meat is not up to snuff. Is that carne or a rubber band you just stuffed in my burrito, yo? Enter Mex Fiesta. Thinly sliced, juicy, tender, even a little spicy, the carne bursts with flavor. Add that to just the right amount of slightly crunchy fries, melted cheese, lil chops of onion and tomato, and you have an absolute beaut of a California Burrito. My favorite grub in Little Italy is not to be found in an Italian restaurant, but this modest hut amongst skyscrapers.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2007,11/21/2007,77,132,4,5,5>So the bewitching hour is upon us so what do we do???  Go to eat wings!  The last day of Wing-tober has to be met with the last supper and a big toast to all the chickens that gave their lives so we could eat their wings.  Or as our friend would say, "these chicken wings are synthetically grown."  Whatever the hell that means.From what I read on Yelp about East Village Tavern, I was honestly worried that we were going to have a bad experience with the food and especially the service.  Nonetheless, this was our last stop and good or not, we were going.When we got there, we picked a booth, most of the booths were taken, but there was one available.  Some of the bar type tables were available too, but the booths are just more comfortable.  We sat at the first booth right by the entrance, which later we realized was a good thing because the server station was right there so we could hit up our server whenever she came by to put in an order.  It took a couple of minutes for our server to come by, but I had already prepared for such an occurrence.  It actually didn't take too too long for her to come and take our drink order and drop off the menus.  When she came back with the drinks we ordered our food, we didn't want to run the risk of having her disappear before ordering our food.As I read the menu and scanned for the wings, I saw that these wings are made with "Franks Red Hot Wing Sauce," instantly I thought...ding, ding, ding, ding...we have a winner.  They also have their "Tavern Wings" which are made with the Buffalo sauce and their BBQ mixed together...YUM!We ordered the Buffalo wings (of course), the Tavern wings, Potato Skins, and a chicken quesadilla.  Shortly after we ordered, the server brought us our plates, silverware, napkins and all the condiments you can imagine.  Our food came out quickly and my mouth was watering when I saw the wings and the skins.  I dug in first to the Tavern style wings.  OH MY GOD!  Oh so good!  I tasted the Buffalo flavor first and then the BBQ sauce sweetness came in afterwards.  It was a taste explosion!  Next I tried the Buffalo wings.  Man those were good too!  There were so many flavors in them.  They were nice and crispy too, but I could've used them a bit more "well done."  Towards the end of them they started to get a little soggy.  They were served with Ranch dressing instead of Blue Cheese, which was a disappointment also.  All in all though, we had to have the discussion, especially considering that these were the last of the wings in Wing-tober.  Who will be crowned Chicken Wing King?  The debate went on, it was between Moondoggies and East Village Tavern and Bowl.  Finally, the decision was made...you'll have to see my list in order to find out the rankings of each place that we've eaten at.I must say that the Potato Skins do deserve an Honorable Mention.  They are the best Potato Skins I've ever had.  If we would've known, maybe we would've had a Skin-tember and then the Wing-tober.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2007,11/20/2007,190,724,3,15,7>After discussing the phenomenon of extra large portions on the Yelp message boards, I was in the mood for small portions. I knew just the place to go -  Bite. The concept behind this new restaurant is French and Italian inspired tapas style small plates that you share with your dining companions. Our charming and friendly server suggested that most people need 1-4 plates to feel full, depending on their level of hunger. He suggested that we start with a couple and see if we want to order more after that. I really loved the lack of pressure to order big or go home. Most plates are in the $8-$12 range. My girlfriend and I decided to order the Caramelized Onion Tart-Puff Pastry Crust with Nicoise Olives ($7) and the Parmesan Crusted Salmon with Red Pepper Vinaigrette and Olive Mashed Potatoes ($14). Both were very good and the salmon was cooked perfectly. We also shared a strawberry mojito ($7.50) that was delicious. Had we been hungrier, we might have needed 3-4 plates to share, but that is the beauty of Bite, order as much or as little as you need. Bite also gets major points for service. All of the staff that we encountered were friendly and hospitable. I really appreciate a restaurant that feels inviting. Too often you get the feeling that you are bothering the hostess with your presence or inconveniencing the waiter with your order, but not at Bite. The decor was not my favorite (a little too bright), but I did enjoy the candle lit bathroom with the two resident goldfish to keep you company. My only other complaint was the branch of rosemary in my salmon. Why does every restaurant in Hillcrest have to have this? It gave me flashbacks of dining at Hash House's rosemary branches, the object of my huge portion loathing. Overall, I loved this place. I like the concept and look forward to trying everything on the menu, a little at a time. Think Aperitivo, but with much better service, much higher quality food, and of course, higher prices. Bite's grand opening celebration is on June 28 that will benefit the Stonewall Citizens Patrol. Gotta love a restaurant that supports the community!***UPDATE***Upon further dining, I also heartily endorse the Grilled Japanese Eggplant and Carpaccio of Roasted Spring Beets with Spicy Boursin Cheese  & Foccacia with Warm Sundried Tomato Goat Cheese and Three Olive Tapenade. The Gravadlax (cured salmon) is authentic, but may not be appreciated by everyone. After two trips, I have thoroughly enjoyed all the "Field" and "Ocean" offerings that I have sampled, but cannot attest to the "Farm" items as I do not eat meat. Make sure to have a mojito with infused sake; this is my absolute favorite new place for drinks!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2007,11/19/2007,315,207,6,8,8>landlord jim's is one of those little dive bars hidden on the outskirts of downtown SD. the grungy decor and urban art suits this place perfectly.  they have one long bar, and a little lounge area that can hold a tight 10-15 people.  it's ambiance fluctuates from busy to mellow, and is dictated by how crowded it is at that moment.  the bartenders are generous, and the prices are what one would expect from a dive bar.  there is no cover charge, but it is a cash only establishment.  since it's located at the edge of downtown, parking usually isn't an issue.one of the reasons that i go to this place is because they play good hip hop on the weekends.  yeah, you'll hear some mainstream artists, but you'll also hear material from the underground/alternative hip hop scene.  the other reason i find myself here is because it's not quite the downtown scene, but yet you're still kind of in downtown doing downtown kind of things.  finally, can we say....tall boy in a brown paper bag....riiiight....that's what i'm talkin' bout.  but seriously, the bartenders here are great.since the bar is small, it can get crowded quick.  it's hard to find a seat (or even move around) on a busy night, so expect to be standing if you're unable to find a booth or a stool.  also, it can get hot in there so dress appropriately, in fact, don't be dressed up at all.  this place is pretty laid back and you'd feel overdressed if you came in there wearing club attire.  don't be too surprised by the bathrooms either, i did say grungy earlier didn't i.* what i like- bartenders- hip hop* what i didn't like- when it gets crowded
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2007,11/17/2007,112,64,20,17,14>Some people look good sweaty. Catch them at any moment, even drinking from the water fountain, and they could be the next poster hung on the wall to inspire you. I am not one of these people, but a heck of a lot of them workout at my gym.The Hillcrest 24 Hour Fitness is a fine facility. It isn't a Sport club, you won't find a pool or basketball court. We're talking free weights, machines, cardio, and group classes. For me, that's enough. The gym is walking distance from most places in Hillcrest, which I suggest you do, because parking can be difficult. Anyway, driving to a gym so you can pay to jog in place is just silly. There is a parking garage if you need it, just make sure you validate.Now back to the patrons. Did you know that 24 Hour Fitness has a missed opportunities posting service online, just in case you made eye contact with that special someone? They do. Someday there will be a message meant for me. "You were all flushed and looked like the Stairmaster was going to kill you. We made brief eye contact and then you spent the rest of your workout staring at the ceiling to avoid ogling women. If interested, email me." Yeah, I like my gym.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2007,11/16/2007,862,317,6,16,12>There is a lot to like about this Italian Restaurant. 1) The lasagna is delicious. Cheesy, pipin' hot and luscious. I always ask for it to be made with their wonderful marinara sauce (rather than the meat sauce...but be aware, there is still a bit of meat in the lasagna). I also spring the extra couple of bucks to have the entire plateful covered with a bubbling layer of mozzarella cheese.2) Attitude: The manager, Anita, is warm, fair minded and gracious...basically...the woman is a delight. Now, you may be asking yourself.."So? Who cares?"Well kids...If you've ever worked in food service YOU would care. Meanspirited and abusive management results in angry and spiteful, put-upon servers....people who would cheerfully do evil things to your food. Not here, though...so you can relax!3) Service: Ask for Janet or for Kai, they are both EXCELLENT. I mean it! Both are invariably courteous, inventive, gracious and are top rate. Either could work any place in town.4) Parking is a snap. They have a private lot.I love their Herby and tangy house vinaigrette. Love it. Now here's the thing, each Filippi's is privately owned. Some of the recipes change, according to location. The vinaigrette at this particular location makes the house green salad a delight.The place is accommodating and fun for kids...they'll even give your child a lump of pizza dough to play with while you wait for your food.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,11/15/2007,147,57,6,8,8>Harney Sushi makes me feel cool.Greeted by a wonderfully tatooed chick with the best hair ever, I was instantly drawn in. I love cool people....oh, and she was out dancing at Bar Dynamite a few weeks ago (another of my fav places) so she was instant advertisement for Harney...double cool means I will return!!The names for the rolls are also creative. The menu can actually be fun to read....Someone was thinking a little.Anyway- any place that has Dj's 6 nights a week has my vote. Tack on decent sushi and sake (I'd recommend the Miso Harney roll and some cold unfiltered sake) and I'm sold. Great, hip ambiance, fast service (the dudes at the sushi bar are great), and a sweet patio.There's something uber romantic about this place...to me anyway. GREAT date spot. I think it's the fact that it's cluttered and space is tight...and that the tunes generally are good. Throw a little sushi in and you've got sweet sweet love....oh, and sake can always help if you're just not 'feeling' it!!There's something super cool 80's about the place- I can't quite put my finger on it, but I feel like I was one of those one hit wonders, or maybe even Madonna during her Material Girl tour...and you can be a guy from Duran Duran....damn!
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2008,10/16/2008,306,190,21,20,19>Ooh... hello Mr. King Crab.We're gonna be pals. the kind of pals where I love ripping your legs apart and ingest every last bit of your full-house flavored meat within your creepy crustacean shell... marinated in a bit of lime, pepper and salt - just to top things off.This is all while I watch Spongebob Squarepants on the screen... like some kind of sick, creepy cannibal - watching Hannibal as he eats a victim.......but, remember - I like you for you - and although you're messy, I still think that you're special enough to see what I'm really like on the inside because we're that good of friends. I can't wait to see you again...-Abby.P.s. - Thanks for introducing me to the Crab Wraps - I thought they were a great bunch as well... Gumbo was a bit too sweet for my taste, but I'm glad you guys got along in the end - I'll be honest, I was scared about how that'd turn out.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,10/15/2008,162,43,9,12,6>Disclaimer.  Everyone, I have a problem, not drinking, drugs, it is an uncontrollable urge which has forced me to enter the program, SAA (Speedaholics Anonymous). I have to satisfy this need on a consistent basis almost like eating or breathing.  I've never had any ticket besides speeding, which unfortunately, I've had a lot of.  My most recent one was 104mph on the freeway, 125N to 52W junction, I was in the M3, perfect cool night, no cars in sight, I decided to roll into the throttle a little, boom, next thing I know, red and blues.  Since it was a 2 point infraction Mr. Ticket charged me $300 instead of the usual $100 for 1 point violations.  My fine went from being $2000+, 2 points, losing my license for a month and it being on my record for 7 years to a 1 point violation and $400 fine.  On other occasions, they have secured me the right to attend traffic school when I was not eligible and significantly reduced fines.  Usually my violations are minor like 75mph on the freeway, and paying Mitchell $100 is worth it just to avoid the hassle, that is two trips I don't have to make to court, which would interfere with school and work.  Plus, it has always paid off, he knows the judges, the cops, and can always have a fine reduced or dismissed all together.  For anyone who gets a speeding ticket or DUI and feels overwhelmed due to time constraints, or other reasons, I highly recommend Mr. Ticket.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2008,10/14/2008,646,294,18,14,12>My first date since the big breakup of April '07.  Wow.  What a great day.The food was great... I tried chunks of tofu for the first time which were not so great, but that is not by fault of this eatery.  That's tofu for yeh.My date (giggle) had a black bean burger and he said it was delicious though usually he likes to get the pineapple burger.Whoever thought food without, well, ANYthing we have come to rely for flavorfulness could be so tasty??The hostess brought me a fresh napkin immediately when mine dropped on the ground.  Nice.  And she gave one to him too when it was obvious he needed another one.Not the restaurant's fault, but we probably won't be hanging out again in a date setting, just in case you were wondering.Would I go here again next time while in P.B.?  Yes!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2008,10/13/2008,109,41,15,20,24>Wow. Hate much?So now that I've finally met my rule of not yelping a place 'til I've visited it 3 times (I'm crazy like that, and sometimes a masochist when the place sucks the 1st and 2nd visits), I can finally chime in.Half of the negative reviews posted are from people who've never been here, and the other half are from those who attended just one of the grand opening events.Not fair to judge a place based on either. Grand openings rarely go off without a hitch -- especially in Universal's case when hitches are still loose and the paint literally hasn't dried yet. As with any new establishment, hiccups and headaches are guaranteed -- opening your doors period is a feat in and of itself. You gotta give a place a chance to work out the kinks before you crucify it. Many of you weren't going to like Universal regardless of your first experience there. And that just ain't fair.(And on a side note, is there some kind of competition going on for how many times one can use the term "douche bag" in a Yelp review that I'm not aware of?? I'll have to ask Ruggy about that one, 'cause I wanna win if so! I had no idea!!)Now, yes, I know EnDev is the anti-Christ and all the company's venues are nothing more than shallow, hedonistic playgrounds for Satan's babies and low-life scenesters and douche bags. (Ooh hey, do I get a point for that??)So, if their bars aren't your cup of tea that's cool. But at least they have the balls to put something new and different out there. What new businesses have YOU opened lately?EnDev isn't trying to turn Hillcrest into the Gaslamp. And no, they're not trying to be the FIRST venue to cater to both gays and straights. We all know that's ludicrous. But next time my girlfriends are in town, or perhaps my gay best friend Brent, and I wanna take 'em to an upscale joint in my neighborhood for a cocktail, a refined bite to eat, and maybe a little dancing, where the fuck else am I gonna go???I've lived in Hillcrest for seven years -- one block away from Universal to be exact -- and though I love this community with a fierce passion and for what and who it is -- it needed a shot of upscale nightlife BAD. I don't wanna always have to trek downtown looking for it.So I'm willing to give Universal a chance.I attended two grand opening events and stopped by casually the other night. Yes, parking is a bitch, but name one bar, lounge, or restaurant uptown that DOES have ample parking? Unless your idea of a wild night on the town consists of roaming the aisles at Ralph's, there isn't shit.And for the record, no, I don't work for EnDev, nor do I necessarily care for some of their other clubs. But as a resident of a community known for being accepting and open-minded, it shocks the hell out of me to see so many people not giving the new kid on the block a chance.And by the way, my cocktails at all 3 visits were plenty stiff, the service was friendly and accommodating, the food I tried from Dish was delicious, and the bartenders were sweet and cute. Who gives a fuck if they're gay or straight!And wait, isn't that the idea?
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2008,10/12/2008,607,243,20,20,22>You know the roll of paper towels they put on your table to clean yourself up? I didn't use them. I licked off all the sauce.PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY UTENSILSLeave all your etiquette and proper eating habits at the door and enjoy ribs the right way: all over your face and hands.There are sinks behind the pop-dispensing machines which are great for when you are ready to clean yourself up and step outside of Phil's just in case there's a line in the bathroomPhil makes a mean rack of ribs that are so tender and delicious....and potato saladand macaroni saladand coleslawand beanseverything tastes as good as it looksCatering is quite organized, they equip you with all the necessary utensils and awesome trays that make it easy to feed the masses.The worst part is the long lines but after you order, pay and get seated....and wait for the pager to vibrate harmoniously to inform you that your gluttonous feast is ready, you can't help but look at the surrounding customers enjoying their ribs while you are silently clenching the pager, anxiously waiting for it to ring....it might seem like an eternity, but it isn't. Within fifteen minutes, the order is up, you pick it up at the counter and bring it back to your table and let the inner-neanderthal out and consume your food as barbaric as you can possibly be.and after you have eaten, prepare yourself for the best food coma ever.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2008,10/11/2008,22,12,12,12,12>San Diego International Airport is the busiest single runway commercial airport in the:A) WorldB) UniverseC) United StatesD) SudetenlandTerminal 1:This is where I usually end up driving around the pick up loop waiting for my grandma to get done with the baggage claim.  I am old enough to have used Gate 1 in this terminal many times.  It was awesome to run up all rockstar and get up the stairs right before the plane took off.  I think I did the Richard Milhouse Nixon double peace sign once also.Terminal 2:  Brandan P and I were here once to pick up that elusive someone or another right when this terminal opened.  We decided to skateboard while we waited.  Awesome sesh, let me tell you.  No one said boo about it either.  Can't do that no more.  Thumbs down on that account.  I think I am going to take away a star.Commuter Terminal:Don't show up early if you are not travelling with the rest of the universe on Thanksgiving.  You will be waiting.  If you do, you better expect to sleep or try to pick up on random people.  I like the mural of Charles Lindbergh (namesake of SD's airport).  Other trivia: this used to be the Pacific Southwest Arirlines terminal, famous for low prices (hense the nickname Poor Sailors' Airlines) and Stewardesses in short skirts.Parking lot at the southwest of the runway:This used to be the most fun place in San Diego to watch planes.  I did this alot when I was a child.  Moms was all about free, and you can't get much freer than that.  Now the Solar Turbines security guard will come and get mad at you.  I am not going to tell you my other favorite airplane watching places because then they will get shut down to.Coast Guard Station on Harbor Drive:This base has a taxi way for planes to cross Harbor.  I think I have seen this happen once.  Pretty awesome.Answer Key:San Diego International is the busiest single runway commercil airport in the US, and second in the world, behind London's Gatwick.  Betelguise Alpha's 0903306 is the busiest in the universe.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,10/8/2008,131,64,26,20,21>Tap--- tap--tap___ Telegraph white__ served on tap- tap____Like Ahab in search of his white whale, I was Rehab in search of my white ale. I had heard of this rarity, this Telegraph white, but was not prepared for a smoky glass of liquid barbeque. This hickory switch (up) stung my senses and branded beer its own food group, which seemed to be the norm at Hamilton's Tavern*. *Makings of a modern day beer hall: 1) Beer tap studded ceilings.2) Belgian craft beers, local and microbrews. 3) Over 130 bottles, along with unlikely tap features like, Port Party Pants.4)  Pool tables, fuse ball tables, darts and shuffleboard. 5) Greasy bar treats.Food orders were placed through a window manned by the surly, female chow-slinger who reminded me of a speakeasy bouncer that had just received the wrong password.  It was worth her glowering:Beer soup- Learn it, live it, love it. You might leave ten pounds heavier if you actually treated it like a bowl of Campbell's with its heavy cheddar and beer base, but it's a fry's best friend and random spoonfuls washed down my burger like an oyster shooter's beefy cousin. The bowl was bigger then my head, bigger than Frankenstein's head, bigger than Great Grape Ape's head....Four of us shared a bowl and still didn't come close to finishing. Burgers- I debated between the Hamilton (avocado, bacon, manchengo, onion jam and house bbq sauce- yum!) and l'america burger (cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle), so I went with the choice that would make Uncle Sam proud (and I felt obligated since he was sipping an Anchorsteam in the corner.)  L' America was a two handed burger, but didn't have an insurmountable wall of meat (1/2 lb.) All bites were balanced with precise burger to bun ratios and its distinct char easily made it one of the best in town.Wings- I adored the wings, but my standards are different than most. I like them petite and crunchy (no disgusting, wobble skin), so they might be too small for some, but for my needs they were first rate (battered in Wahoo wheat beer and homemade wing sauce.)6) Jukebox- Wow, when was the last time I heard, "Stairway to Heaven?" Probably when it turned 100,000 on the odometer of my eardrums, just as, "Shook me all night long" had left the party sometime during high school. But their comfortable lyrics were like sliding into a favorite T-shirt that had been pushed to the back of the drawer and by the end we were howling a rousing rendition of, "Stand by your man." Come early if you want a table (only four in total, along with three booths by the pool tables) and dogs seem to be welcome patrons.Call me Ishmael...For I will regale this tale to the masses. Call me a cab... I might be at Port Party Pants for a while.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,10/6/2008,489,211,25,24,24>Sometimes you want to go where everybody knows your name...Right? Well they know my wife but everybody keeps calling me Tommy. Hey! My Name is Todd. I'll come back to this in a second.Ok, so the food is good, margaritas great and the beeeeeeeer... Ummmmm Beeeeeeeer! I know everybody does they're impression of Homer Simpson on these reviews but this is my first chance to do mine. That said, I / We, Alisa and I, spend about 3 or 4 times a week at Las Olas. And why shouldn't we? We are treated like royalty. We always sit at the bar because that's where they know our names, or at least the bar tenders do. Apparently I have a long lost brother recently found here. People keep talking to me about the surf trip we went on together or that time I was so drunk I fell off my bar stool. THAT'S NOT ME!  Alisa has to remind me that they think I am Tommy. We do look similar. We both just go with it I guess. I'm gonna start borrowing money from everyone that calls me Tommy. That should shake em up a little. "Dude, you got that $100 bucks you borrowed from me last time?" "What'r  you talking bout . I never borrowed money from you" Either way it's win win. He didn't and I'm not him. Here check my ID. My name is Todd.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,10/5/2008,13792,257,68,75,78>Our daughter has gotten even more beautiful using a good diet and plenty of walking.  So for Christmas we all got new Omron HJ-112 Digital Premium Pedometers.  My daughter has gotten up to 7,000 steps per day average, woo hoo.  My wife and I have used ours for the last week and done a couple of 3-4K step days; sad really.  3,000 steps a day is little more than getting out of bed.  So today we decided to clock a 6 or 7K day.  Our first stop was DSW.  It's really the perfect store for a pedometer; they have long aisles, front to back and plenty of walking room.  Long straight aisles is a great plus and the staff is busy doing other things without slowing you down.  (see picture of long aisles)My wife had a $20 off coupon ready to expire so it needed to be spent.   DSW sends you back about 10 percent of purchases.  The return can be applied toward the next shoe buy.  Very smart.On a previous visit to DSW I tried to walk beside my wife and give some free advice on which pairs I thought were best.  That lasted about 10 minutes before I was sent over to the men's side of the store, all with a smile of course.  Today I was very lucky to find a good buy.  (see picture)    I love Merrell shoes and normally think of getting them at REI.  But today, near the back of aisle one, I found a great pair discounted an extra 30 percent.  GORE-TEX mids with the vibram sole in a light brown suede color.  Perfect.     merrell.com/Home.aspxI took them over to my wife with a big hug.  She was happy I found something.  I knew she was not done shopping and I offered to meet her down at Borders coffee shop.  She thought that was a great idea.  DSW gets five stars for (1) perfecting the long straight aisles needed to rack up new record totals on the pedometers, (2) have clearly defined separations between the men's and women's sections, (3) stocking some great shoes with deep discounts and (4) sending back valuable coupons for the next visit.  It's a great store and not that far from some good Seattle's Best Coffee.We went on to Fashion Valley doing a complete loop both top and bottom.  I am back home and my ped says 5,651 steps.  That is a new record for me.  My goal for now is the get 7,000 steps per day average.  That is totally do-able but will take some serious dedication.  ? New Year resolution ?
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2008,10/2/2008,519,365,25,23,19>I've been going to UCSD Medical Center - Hillcrest for almost 5 years now.  Overall, out of the dozen or so hospitals that I've visited, by far my experiences at UCSD Medical in Hillcrest have been the best.  I continue to go to this facility because they actually have doctors who care.  Oh, and I have a bazillion things wrong with me, healthwise.  One thing to keep in mind is that the facility is also a "learning facility", where gobs of residents/medical students get their feet wet, before mucking it out in the real world.  This facility may not be for the faint of heart or the extremely shy.Case in point?  My latest 'woman's' appointment.  (I'm trying to be delicate here, folks.)  The moment I showed up, I'm greeted and asked to take a seat. I waited less than 10 minutes before shown a room. The nurse that greets me takes all my vital stats.  She was easy to talk to and friendly.  Then, enter my doctor.  She was kind, friendly and professional.  That's always a good thing, especially when she's going to putting strange objects into your private parts.  She gives me a thorough explanation as to what's going to happen.  She also mentions that since she's a resident and that she'll have to call the on-staff physician to supervise, during the appointment. I personally never see this as an issue.  I've had appointments like these before.  Doctors love me like that.Anywho, I'm left alone, to get below-the-waist-naked.  Once under the giant piece of tissue they call a 'sheet', two doctors and two nurses appeared.  YAY!  A party.  Apparently, one of the nurses was in training, as well.  (Again, I remind myself 'learning' facility.)I send a quick prayer of thanks that the resident was nice enough to warmup the plumbing tools.  During the examination, I try and focus on relaxing and keeping my thoughts blank.  Then, I couldn't help but wonder the following: "What do the doctors or nurses think when they're looking at someone else's nether regions?"  "Nether regions?  Does anyone say that any more?"  "Oh.  Gotta relax. Deep breaths.  Deep and slow breaths." "I wonder if anyone else gets to experience the party between my legs.""Errr..what I really meant was does anyone else get to have a party between THEIR legs.""Thank God for Brazilian waxes."Just joking about the Brazilian.  No.  Uhm....yeeaaah. =PThe moment the last thought pops into my head, I realize that we're done.  The doctors tell me that I did a good job.  (You'd think that I'd have given birth or something.)  And like that *POOF*, the appointment was over.  Wham. Bam. Thank you, ma'am! Joking and my random thoughts aside (what else are you supposed to think during an appointment like this?)... There is never any doubt that the highest amount of professionalism has been provided. Most of my wait times are no longer than 15 minutes.  For the most part, most my doctors have been great.  I've only had one doctor that felt she could treat all of my numerous ailments (the hypochondriac, that I am) and was a bit belligerent about it, too. Luckily for me, she left the center, before I could dump her. Deducting a star for her attitude and the limited number of parking spaces, in the parking structure. By the way, I now have the most awesome primary care physician, in the world.  So, I'm pretty happy.The only two things that I can suggest, if you ever decide to use this facility:1. Never be afraid to change doctors.  Find one who best suits you and your personality.2. Feel free to ask questions, in regards to your condition or appointment, no matter how stupid you feel the question is.  Better safe than sorry.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,6/19/2011,491,508,21,26,21>Hawaiian style shave ice right here in suburban Scripps Ranch.  Even in 60 degree weather (that's cold for us here in SD), shave ice sounded like a pretty good idea.  Tons of great flavors including Tigers Blood (strawberry/coconut).  They had a few sugar-free flavors listed, but when I asked for one, they said they didn't any sugar free syrups today.  Hmmm.  Another day then.They have 2 sizes, the smaller still being pretty big, but let's remember, it's just ice.  Prices start at $3+ for the smaller size and that includes 1 flavor syrup.  Then it's 60 cents for each additional flavor and 70 cents for ice cream or toppings.  They didn't have the toppings listed, but from what I could see in the case, they had pineapple, coconut, and cream (sweetened condensed milk).  For $4-$5, you can get one flavor + ice cream, and for $5-6 dollars they have 3 flavor combos with ice cream. That's your best value.  They have pretty basic ice cream flavors and I think I saw Thrifty brand.   No macadamia nut ice cream yet.  Hopefully they'll start carrying that in the future along with the special cups with large "ledges" that can catch all the ice that spills everywhere.  By the time we got home, my son had half his shave ice on his shirt!They haven't been open for too long now, so I'm sure they've got a few kinks to work out, but I hope this place makes it.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,6/18/2011,1142,2218,16,18,17>Chocolate makes me happy... I decided to treat my friends Andy and CG to some yummy gelato ($8 total).We opted for the Tiramisu and Nutella flavors. The Nutella flavor is to DIE for!!! I LOVE me some Nutella!!!The employees are very friendly and offer samples with a smile. I asked one of the employees about the truffles, and she gave helpful information and her recommendations. Perhaps next time I'll hit up those chocolates, but for this trip, it was all about the gelato.....
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,6/17/2011,255,397,14,14,14>The Harp is located in OB and after dealing with the usual traffic and parking woes I was able to enter the Harp...and I think I heard Angels sing and play the harp.Maybe it was the awesome lead singer of Plato soul. But it was a lovely entrance :)First, I expected the usual shoe box sized venue and was pleasantly surprised at how spacious the place was. It has a nice pub feel and I love that they have live music.   The service was amazing.  The people serving were prompt and polite.  It is a tribute to the management that they hire such nice people who are eager to do a great job.    The bathrooms were really clean except for the person who I am convinced had decided to execute a complicated Cirque Du Soleil maneuver while urinating.   Sadly they missed most of the intended target and instead polluted my potential perch which made me decide it was time to leave.Can't blame the Harp for the questionable aim of its patrons, I hope to return soon and hopefully on a night when the Circus is not in town.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,6/16/2011,162,93,18,18,18>How do I love thee Bar D? Let me list the ways:--Casual but not toooo casual. Cute T & sandals is fine, but so is a hot dress & heels. Whatever my little heart desires that night!--Free to get in. We don't need no stinkin cover charge. --It's small and I can see everyone in there and I like that. --It is next to yummy tacos lucha libre. perfect for stumbling over and grabbing something that will help you sober up a little before going home. but really, the biggies reason-- the BEST BEST old school hip hop, and I can never resist dancing to this stuff. I'm talking "Return of the mack", "Nuthin but a G thing", "Push it", "bust a move", "Slam"..... I think I even heard "Informer" being played!  Yeahhhh this is what I am talking about.$3 bud lights!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,6/15/2011,647,343,12,11,12>This was a great place to get discretely older and indiscreetly drunker.  I celebrated an anniversary of my 21st birthday here last night, and it exceeded expectations.  I came here once before on a Saturday night, and it was just way too crowded.  Coming on a weeknight proved to be a lot more fun.Food:- 50 cent ribs on Tuesday did not disappoint!  Given the price, I expected them to be short rib sized or bony, but they were neither.- Buffalo chicken lettuce cups had the perfect kick...if you're a spice addict and people often ask if you'd like more food with your hot sauce, like me. - Strawberry blue salad (greens, strawberries, blue cheese, pecans, balsamic) was excellent.Drinks:- The cocktails and shots here are like the Secret deodorant of booze: Strong enough for a man, pH balanced for a woman.  In other words, from first till floor, each sip was just as delicious as the last.Ambiance:- There is a rooftop where the DJ is spinnin' some tasty jams!- TVs downstairs = awesome- Sophisticated yet funService:I'm not sure...we were too distracted by how mindblowingly hot the bartenders were.  I'm pretty sure they could have gotten our drinks wrong and forgot our food (they didn't, as far as I know...), and I'd still have a hard time getting mad.  My girlfriends and I have textual evidence to back this up (though it probably wouldn't be appropriate for any kind of court).  But hey, if it brings a smile to your face, it's all good, right?
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,6/14/2011,859,450,19,22,21>The broth is delicious. I almost didn't want to add Sriracha. Almost.I was sure to add a healthy portion of sriracha after having a few spoon fulls of the broth because I like things spicy.I did skip on the hoisin...it doesn't need it to add flavor.I ordered the filet mignon pho and it was good. Definitely a different meat textural experience.Mignon Pho still not there yet....it's new and still needs some improvements. However, they get the 4 stars because it's clean, service is friendly and the food is pretty good. The one thing that threw me off was when a girl server instructed us on how to prepare the pho. I've never been told that.Thanks, girl, but I've eaten pho before./shrugs
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,6/13/2011,262,85,12,16,12>I'm not sure when we, as a people, agreed that spending $10 for lunch is acceptable, but I figure if I'm going to get gang R'ed over the price of a salad, I might as well bypass the bland corporate delis and fast food joints and hop on ovah to Specialty's.  Aside from its extremely unfortunate name, Specialty's has a lot going for it: fresh produce, delicious homemade bread, healthy salads, unique sandwiches, breakky options, reasonable portions, plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, fresh baked goods, a friendly staff, catering services, and perhaps most importantly... a Peet's Coffee located within. Chegg out the Goat Cheese and Strawberry Spinach, Cobb, and Southwestern salads or the Chairman sandwich.In all fairness, this place is new and still figuring itself out... so be patient. They have a unique ordering system and things tend to get mixed up from time to time, but the staff is always quick to make amends by offering a coupon for a free lunch.... Hollah back, Specialty's!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,6/12/2011,255,201,14,12,12>I have never had a bad experience at the Boathouse.  I agree with many other yelpers that the regular menu can be a little on the pricey side, but I have always utilized a deal when coming here.  I've used restaurant.com gift certificates ($2 for $25 worth of food), I've attended free Prime Rib dinner birthday night, and last night, I experienced $10 Lobster night.My free prime rib was cooked to perfection and I was very impressed with their horseradish sauce as I normally find that restaurants make the mix way too weak for my liking.  I requested raw horseradish expecting that to be true of the Boathouse, but was very impressed when the blend cleared my sinuses nicely.Asian night, I mean lobster night, was quite delightful as well.  A hearty lobster cooked to utter perfection and for just $10, I had absolutely no complaints!!  I probably shouldn't have had the two martinis while I was there after pregaming with a little four lokos actions, but what can I say?I party H A R D
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,6/11/2011,282,197,13,15,13>I cannot begin to convey to you the marvelous affair that is Craft & Commerce. This modest, yet forward niche is where magic can be found. Once seated by our lovely hostess we partook in one of their belgium brews...Allagash White. Simply delicious and refreshing. I'll go back, if only for the Allagash White. Down to business.*The Fried Pickles. This incomplex appetizer was served with a malt aioli that complimented the pickles to perfection. 4 stars*The Roasted Bone Marrow- I have no words to describe this delicacy. Only that I felt that I should go to confession after ravishing this dish with no remorse. 5 stars.*The Mussels with Seasoned Fries- What can I say about these tender little morsels that can translate their deliciousness into words. The habanero and uni butter garlic sauce that pooled underneath these barnacles were the surprising climax of this fare. 5 stars.As our charming waitress gently delivered the chit, panic started to set in. This was too superb of a meal for the bill not to be hefty. ***holds breath, assessing the damage***"That's what I'm talking about!" Would I eat at Craft & Commerce again? Absolutely! Would I go out of my way for it? I'm contemplating purchasing a condo in Little Italy just so I could be closer to this place.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,6/10/2011,489,320,23,22,22>Who likes to get down and dirrty diirty ??!!??On this specific day (Shout out to birthday girl, Ricciee), I devoured some yum yum whole blue crabs ! You see..some people are intimidated by these crabby little suckers. Not I ! My mama taught me well. How to properly crack, suck, and enjoy these tasty, succulent crustaceans!It takes a little more work compared to snow crab legs for instance, but it's worth it. Plus, I LOVE a CHALLENGE ! =)I believe "Real men order crab." As for my table, I was the only one who did so that makes me the woMAN ?!? Everyone went for the shrimp instead. I'm allergic to those filter feeding crustaceans so NAY for me. I guess I'll be flying solo on this one. I'm used to eating blue crab at home with house clothes, feet up, and chopped garlic + vinegar (suka) with the fam. That's the Filipino way yalls ! So this was a different arena for me and I had to work with what I got. "Aww..Cute bib! Thanks!"Fast service !The 4 blue crabs were a bit smaller than what I'm used to, but still nom nom. Loved the Old Bay seasoning they were dredged in since I use that stuff at home too. The medium spice level was just right./Looks to the right..Me: "Wow! You are sweating like a pig ! What spice level did you get ?"Date: "MILD"Doh !!! Oh my ! We got a lot of work to do. hehe. Me keed!Appetizers are usually fillers for me. Anything deep fried was on the menu: Cajun/sweet potato fries, fried catfish, fried okra, etc..I do admit those crab poppers were pretty tasty. It had crab, cheddar cheese, and jalapenos. Everyone enjoyed them !But..since this place is called "Crab Hut" for a reason, I pretty much focused on thee 'crab' !Success !!! Wipes hands and mouth clean. Mama would be proud. :)
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,2/15/2013,422,254,7,11,7>My former room mate and I would stay up late together to study for finals. When the tummy starts growling at 11pm at night and the fridge is empty, we call Del Sushi. They deliver until 2am no matter what. I love that! These people are true heroes for starving college students who do not have time to find and then drive to a late night place for brain food. Goodies I recommend:1. Baked salmon roll $102. Baked lobster roll $113. Aloha roll $10 (for albacore lovers)4. Jessica roll $11 (for shrimp, salmon, and tuna lovers)Their rolls are a max of around $12. Great deal for some convenient sushi! Haven't tried the baked scallop roll yet but I'm looking forward to doing so real REAL soon.  All you have to do is go on their website, create a profile/account, and order away. Don't forget to tip the driver, of course!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,2/14/2013,135,170,1,9,4>Yum, yum, yum. Lanna Thai is my favorite Thai in San Diego. This shopping center, by the way, is culinary gold: Sushi Ota AND Lanna Thai? It's amazing.Anyway.The place looks unassuming, tucked against Planned Parenthood, but it's a veritable sanctuary inside. Cool, dimly lit, perfect. The service is impeccable. The food is absolutely amazing. The chicken panang is delicious, the pad se ew is perfect, and the fresh spring rolls are fantastic. They take enormous care and it's obvious. Even my takeout orders are beautifully arranged and carefully packed.Prices are beyond reasonable. I looooove this place. You will too. Go now.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,2/13/2013,153,389,4,13,12>California King TidesHigh Tide Buffet BreakfastChef BernardFrittata with wild MushroomsIt all took my breath away - and I got to Kiss The Chef!It was a wonderful treat to enjoy a High tide breakfast at the Marine Room.  I've wanted to do it for many years.  Finally - it happened on the anniversary of my birth and thus I dove right in!  The buffet is $32 plus tax and tip - you are looking at a good $40.  It includes wonderful coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice.  The service from Rick was wonderful as well.I am not a fan of buffets in general - usually because the food isn't great and secondly because people, myself included, tend to WAY over eat when someone says - oh eat all you can!  So I made a promise to myself before I arrived, - just one plate.  I wanted to make it really count on the flavor side and with things I don't make myself at home.  Then I allowed myself two desserts and lucky for me they were petite!On my one plate I took tablespoon sizes of the following dishes:  jidori chicken salad with cranberries and almonds, quinoa salad with cheese and egg plant, and crab salad.  I sliced into three different beautiful and smelly cheeses, a couple of pieces of cured meats and duck pate along with two slices of lox and orange row.  I rounded out my breakfast plate with eggs Benedict with asparagus and ham.  The egg was cooked to perfection.  Which I find no small feat in light of making up an entire pan in advance and keeping them warm in a water pan.  But hands down - this last nibble was the BEST - wild mushroom frittata.  The flavors continued to pop all around my taste buds long after I was done.Now I had tons of time to talk with friends who were arriving at various times due to traffic and weather.  It worked out perfectly.  Then when everyone was ready to grab their dessert so was I with room for it and not feeling sleepy or stuffed ..... I enjoyed the raspberry mascarpone tart and hibiscus tart - both really my kinds of desserts.  Now mind you the array of food was more vast than what I enjoyed and I heard not one complaint.  It truly was more than worth the $40 especially in light of the AMAZING antics of HIGH TIDE crashing on the windows.If you ever get the chance ..... grab it and enjoy every morsel of food and friendship.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/12/2013,213,679,5,9,5>The Market was great today.  Sunny, but cool.  Not as crowded as usual.  I took some guests from Oregon who loved it.My faves are:  -- The vegetable people on the south side.  Hmong.  They drive down from San Joaquin Valley leaving 10:00 pm Friday.  Great vegetables.-- Bread and Cie.  They let the bakers out once a week to man the stand at the market.  Great conversations.-- The Mexican lady with the succulents in pots.  Extraordinary selection.Lots of other great stuff with stands specializing in citrus, dates, persimmons,  apples/pears, the guy with a zillion kinds of humus, Battling tomato stands in August and September.  And music.  My favorite is the Brazilian duo. Apparently there's a lottery to determine who gets which spot.And then there's the eponymous Smilin' Jack and his accordion.  Not my favorite music but the guy has the biggest, longest smile in the world.There's free parking for two hours in the faculty lot of the elementary school two blocks north of the market on State St.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,2/11/2013,174,293,3,7,7>There's something addictive about the pepperoni pizza here. I have it more than I actually should. The slices are huge with a thin, crispy crust. The sauce or cheese has a bit of saltiness to it that makes it delicious and gains it that addictive quality I mentioned. I've never actually been to the location to eat, but you can't miss it driving past. There are pizza boxes piled up outside.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,2/10/2013,212,708,4,8,6>A great date night! Start the evening off with drinks & dinner...end it snuggling up in the car watching a classic movie. (Don't forget the blankets and pillows!) Great service...they'll come take your concession order if you turn on the light inside your car. I must say...I think it's pretty darn cool that 30 years after my very first drive-in experience and I can still legitimately steam up some windows!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,2/9/2013,804,248,8,9,9>Sports, drinks, eats, and dog-friendly... OH YEAH, you've got my attention, Harbor Town Pub.I was really surprised at how appealing the place looked, and even more so, surprised at how well everything else was. This isn't your typical greasy joint, sports bar, divey establishment. Oh no. They have more class than that. The menu is pretty awesome! A good variety of not all so standard bar food. I immediately fell in love with their wings. The order for one, came in like 11 pieces (yes, I counted..haha) and it is grilled, not fried, and not the usual messy, red hot sauce with celery and ranch. This was special. Grilled and marinated in soy-ginger. So good with the dip! Tried the ahi poke tostada. I enjoyed it but I didn't love as much as most; some of the fried wontons were pretty oily and I felt it needed a tad bit more (sesame) flavor. Also had a bite off of their Argentinean. A good sandwich that was great as leftovers for lunch the following day. Between just the two apps, we were pretty full.  I love, love, LOVE their drinks. The mule is great and served approriately in a cooper tin cup. Their bloody mary is ... and I really, really, REALLY hate using this phrase...THE BOMB! They make it how I love it, spicy! It's in another league of great bloody marys that I've had. This is pretty much a signature drink for me and have tasted enough of these to where I'm that confident....mark my words. ;)Now to the dog-friendly and sports part. I called ahead of time and I knew I could bring Reese. But since it was MNF, we were also wondering if by some rare chance, we would still be able to sneak in a peek of the game from the "outside". By how it was explained, I wasn't quiet sure but they said it was possible. Given that I know there's are no places, aside from O' Brien's or KnB, that have TVs in their dog-friendly patio, that my expectations weren't high. Instead of explaining it, I'm going to have to give you the visual for that...yelp.com/biz_photos/harb…AWESOME. Which is my overall take on the place. Service, staff and management included! They set the "bar" (pun) for other sports bar, eateries, pubs, in SD.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,2/8/2013,592,463,5,6,4>If you're craving burgers and fried stuff galore, this is your place. Every once and awhile you have to eat a week's worth of calories in one meal. It's a necessary part of life. I would suggest coming here to do just that. The burgers are delicious and HUGE. The meat isn't too greasy, which is good considering that you know you're going to put french fries and tater tots on that mother****er anyway. They come stuffed with cheese too...surprise! So good. They have practically everything fried you could possibly imagine.FOODSSS:*breakfast burger: comes with a fried egg and tater tots*white hot burger: is actually quite hot*sweet potato fries: nice and crimpy and delicious
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/7/2013,275,241,19,22,21>I stumbled across Old Town Saloon after a holiday dinner party. (I'm sure I had seen it before but never had a need for alcohol while in Old Town.) The first indication that I would like this place? Notorious BIG's "Juicy" playing in the bar!  Immediately we grabbed a couple of tables and I got us a round of shots, they were huge, too.. The boys got in a game of pool while the chickenheads chopped it up over some more drinks. It's definitely more of a local atmosphere, not at all what I'd expect in a touristy spot. There was a jukebox but not sure if that's what was playing... Alls I know is the place was busting out some holiday songs ,which I enjoyed and sang along to... then...Oh snaps! they came out with some Too Short!! Hells Yeah!! I got hyphy and went dumb and stupid... oh yes...good times were definitely had at the saloon.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,2/6/2013,645,258,9,11,9>JK COMPUTER......I LOVE YOU!!!!!After The geek squad telling me my pc would take at least $150 to fix and nothing could be retrieved I took it to be looked at by JK Computer.  Dave and Karl were the best!  They are better than the geek squad!  First, they don't have that geeky stupid behavior the geek squad has because they get paid hourly.These are guys that enjoy what they do!   Dave took apart my pc and actually showed me what was wrong.  He saved all my pics, documents and presentations and charged me only $65.  I was so happy I could have kissed both of them.Ahem....I would have kissed them but then I would be in trouble for getting favors from business owners.  So I wrote a 5 star review instead!Karl & Dave.  I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,8/2/2013,372,411,11,16,13>The "Loins of Fire" torpedo for $9.50 was loaded with flavor, although it had way too much mayo (or garlic aoli), so I'd order that on the side next time. What's not to love about a chili pork loin roast, made in house, and served on a yummy fresh torpedo roll with poblano peppers, pickled onion, cilantro, lettuce and tomato with garlic aoli? (-; The pork loin was nice and lean, and delicious.How do you shake up a bottle of real ginger beer? Whoops, not THAT WAY! Eeek, not in the car!  Yep, I saw real pieces of ginger in the bottom of my bottle of ginger beer, so I shook it up...in the car...it overflowed, so I held it out the window, where it baptized my car! 0-:  The Big Front Door has a fun selection of real ginger beer, and I chose one which was $3.25 and very tasty, with real ginger in the bottom.  The Big Front Door is a good place to pick up sandwiches if you are on the way to the Hillcrest cinema.The staff are friendly and were happy to share info about the menu. Everything is made in house, and you order at the counter. We highly recommend The Big Front Door. But don't shake up your ginger beer in the car, and make sure you get the garlic aoli (or mayo) on the side!  (-;
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,8/1/2013,412,220,6,11,8>Who says speed boats are only for James Bond and the super rich?If you're looking for a unique date experience down here in San Diego (or if you have an extra $120 to burn), check out San Diego Speed Boat Adventures! I took Hyerim for her birthday and we had a blast!Basically, you get to follow a tour guide in your own speed boat all around San Diego harbor for about an hour and a half. You don't need a license. You don't need classes. All you need are sunglasses, sunblock, a water-resistant jacket if you have one, and some good ole-fashioned reckless abandon!The boats are designed to go fast and not flip, so feel free to maneuver side-to-side, ride other boats' wakes (waves), and have near-death experiences with passing cruise ships! Bring a waterproof camera to snap up some pics of the Coronado Bridge, the "World Famous San Diego Bait Barge", lounging seals, the USS Midway/San Diego Maritime Museum, and more!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/31/2013,297,324,5,7,5>Carne Asada fries is always good here but I decided to try something different which was off the menu!Wait for it...Adobada Fries!! My new favorite meat with my guacamole and fries! I definitely recommend giving it a try, it was soo good. It's 50 cents extra though fyi..Another one of my favorite things about this place is their crazy amount of types of sauces for your food. They have like over 7 different kind of sauces. Just be aware that orange is the Habanero chili (one of the spiciest if not spiciest peppers out there!)I really like how it's really clean in there, I don't like places that look filthy and dirty; it tends to ruin my appetite regardless of how awesome their food is.Definitely a place to get authentic Mexican food! Food comes out at reasonable time and it's cooked fresh.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,7/30/2013,395,192,17,9,10>Upon arrival, a very handsome gay man pointed me to the right door, and then yelled "pop that coochie!" at me after I walked in. Brightening, I thought this comment would set the tone for the evening, until I realized that the "Coochie Carnitas" was a menu item.  Here I thought I was special.Don't try to forego the margs for an "appropriately sized" beverage like the vodka soda.  ALL the drinks are served in nothing smaller than a 16oz soda fountain glass so just ask for whatever calls your name from the menu.  And if you can't finish it, pfffft no worries, but the locals will shame you.  Or tell you to pop a coochie.  PS I'm seriously craving nachos now.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,7/29/2013,452,216,7,7,5>Originally we came to check out this new "hip place" and have some, what we hoped for, bomb greek food. Raymond was our host :) thank you for the hospitality. He also mentioned, that hookah was a new item on the menu. And of course,  had to order one along with a round of red wine. Place is great for dinner Greek salad, hummus, d. All of thee above. Love the location and the staff is really sweet. I'll be back for more wine, hookah & maybe a late night snack. :) mmm
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,7/28/2013,94,103,10,17,12>I love studying at Pangea. They have tons of seating and outlets to plug in your devices. They also have a wifi connection but sometimes it can be a bit slow. If there is not a conference or meeting going on, you can also sit in the huge back room with long tables. The pastries here are decent but I still prefer 85° C Bakery in Irvine. They sometimes have coupons in the Student Dollar Stretcher. The employees and owner are super very nice and always have free samples laying out to try. The only downside would say is that sometimes it can be a little hard to find parking. Other than that:Food + drinks + outlets + plenty of seating = awesome study spot. It's definitely one of the few good study spots not on campus.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,7/27/2013,437,748,4,5,6>I think my biggest mistake was eating dinner before coming here and not being able to finish the delicious cakes I chose. I came here on a Thursday, told my sister about it, convinced her that she had to go even though it was really me that wanted to go back, and came back the Sunday after. You can definitely call me a fan of this place.I love the decor. Simple, clean, modern, and open. And the display up front is amazing! I might be bias becuase I am a total CAKE LOVER!! But Cake + Pretty flowers and designs = a huge win with me! Not only do the cakes look amazing, they taste amazing!! They are in fact EXTRAORDINARY in my book!First visit:Hot Chocolate: The BF thought it would compliment the cakes well since drinking water with cake is a weird combination. I thought the hot chocolate was ok. Nothing spectacular. It did compliment the cake though.Tortamisu: OMFG. The lightest, fluffiest, moistest cake I've ever tasted!! A perfect combination of chocoate, cream and coffee and not too overly sweet! One of my faves!Key Lime cake thing: another OMFG. Light, and airy, this was a perfect piece of fluff for this fruity dessert. It was like eating a spoonful of lemon lime clouds. And the white chocolate that came in it was amazing as well. Second visit: Shangri-la: Another light and fluffy and moist slice of cake. Dip it in their pool of jelly and you're in fruity cake heaven.Individual Decadence: Decadence is right. This rich, dense chocolate will satisfy your chocolate craving with just one bite. It's thick and creamy and felt like more of a fudge than a cake. The pecan border was delicious! Sweet, crunchy and nutty! I couldn't finish this one because it was so rich, but there are no complaints here when there is leftover chocolate for the next day!Overall, LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I admit, it's a tad on the pricey side. Especially for my "conservative" budget, but I think it's worth it. The cakes are not overly sweet, they are decorated with beautiful real fresh flowers, and designed with swirls of delicious sauces. I can't beleive I've been in SD for 7 years and have not been to this place until now! If I ever have a sweets craving, you'll know where to catch me ;)
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,7/26/2013,441,198,6,7,9>I was with Devon G. at Bootlegger last night and she has the ambiance nailed. Nice throwback old-timey scene with unbelievably personable service. Ben was as delicious as the truffled ahi tuna appetizer that I ordered and very knowledgable about the menu. The presentation of my (not so small!) plate was spectacular and a crowd pleaser - I ended up sharing my meal with random strangers who acted like they've never seen a giant frisbee sized taro chip before! ;) . . .  Alas, caring is sharing and hopefully I've converted some new ahi tuna taro chip lovers to Bootlegger for their own small plate. As the resident frugalista of the crew, would like to add there's a $5 small plate check in deal on Yelp, and after 5 check in's, your 6th small plate is FE-REEEEE!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,7/25/2013,1142,2218,20,20,17>Evil!!! PURE EVIL!!!!!! The bf works down the street and whenever I get a sweet craving, he comes home with goodies in hand.-Nutella with Hazelnut-Saigon Cinnamon and Sugar-Blood Orange-Cheesecake-Chocolate on Chocolate-Creme BruleeDamn, can donuts get any more addicting? The creativity, the fluffy and the sweetness makes it a perfect breakfast, snack or dessert.Now if only I can try them all without them selling out of everything by noon!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,7/24/2013,153,389,6,8,8>Oh you betcha!  Dined on Friday at 6 p.m.Don't come here if you speak no Spanish - you will be lost in translation :)  It's a cute little restaurant next door to a liquor store.  All the staff were very kind to us, because we did our very best with the little Spanish we know. I even had to ask another patron at one time "como se dice .... glass"  I needed a little glass for my daughters to share a fruit drink.  Doesn't bother me at all - it's all in for the experience.The decor is colorful and very clean.  We had a huge booth and were served drinks quickly.  Hubby and I ordered:  MOLCAJETE ESPECIAL (FOR 2)  $24.95 CARNE ASADA, GRILL CHICKEN AND SHRIMP, GRILLED CACTUS, LONGANIZA, CHEESE AND CHIPOTLE SALSA, SERVED W/ RICE, BEANS AND TORTILLAS.  It was more like enough for three or four people served with the most amazing hand made corn tortillas!  Yum, yum, yum was the sauce with cheese and the meats.Our girls had the flautas and all of us were served a nopales & potato cream soup.  With drinks and food our total was $40 - not bad at all!We would definitely go again.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,10/11/2010,765,361,20,26,20>Conveniently located next to Hustler's Stip Club, they sell a wide variety of hoochie mama and stripper clothing. How perfect could that be?TONS of cute clothes and costumes. They also have all the shoes, accessories, stockings, wigs, etc. that you could possibly need. If you work next door and are looking to change things up because the customers aren't diggin your current threads, head on over and select an outfit. If you're looking to spice things up with your main squeeze, this is the go-to place. If you're looking for a Halloween costume that isn't the same as what every other girl will have, this is the place to come. Or if you're just looking for a unique outfit, you'll find it here.Their dressing room is pretty sweet because you have the option of choosing regular lighting or a more club type of lighting (blue, black and red lights).The saleswomen were very nice, personable and helpful.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2010,10/10/2010,414,404,11,15,13>There's something to be said about keeping one's menu simple with a few items that you do well.  In-n-Out does it. Chik-fil-A does it, and Las Quatros Milpas does it.This place seems like its in a run down home that was hollowed out and converted to a restaurant by using folding tables.  That, of course can only mean one thing.  The dirtier the tastier.  This place fit that stereotype to the t.  We ordered enough food so each person could have 1 pork taco, 1 chicken taco, 1/2 a tamale and 2 rolled tacos.  The tacos are semi-reminiscent of Jack in the Box with the form of the taco shell but these just are an explosion of tastiness in your mouth.  Topped with cheese and lettuce, I would say pork is better.Tamale - Eh... (I'll leave it at that)Rolled Tacos - This is where it's at.  My gosh these are the best rolled tacos I've ever had.  They've got a lot of meat and it's not that crappy shredded beef you get from places like Coti's.  This has chunks of great tasting beef that is nice and tender.  I would say the best part of this place is that they cook the tacos to order.  The Tamale is sitting there in a boiling pot of water which is probably why it's not delicious but just eh.  Oh and their hot sauce is good.  I will DEFINITELY be coming here for rolled tacos.  And next time I'll try their burrito too.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,10/9/2010,594,225,24,20,20>Why Crazee Burger deserves FIVE stars:1 STAR)  Menu of grilled pulverized flesh patties made from a cornucopia of zoo animals.  Try to find another restaurant in SD that serves kangaroo.  Oh wait, that's right.  You can't!2 STARS)  Killer happy hour!  Literally and figuratively...I mean they must have killed a lot of animals to feed all the hungry HH customers, right?  Check out the offerings...Turkey Burger  3.99 (reg.6.49)Sausage in a Bun  2.99 (reg.5.49)Pork Loin Sandwich  3.99 (reg.6.49)Veggie Burger 3.99 (reg.6.99)Fresh Angus Burger 2.99 (reg.4.99)Onion Rings 1.99 (reg.2.49)Sweet Potato Fries 2.25 (reg.2.99) All Draft Beers  2.99 (reg.4.99)All Wines by the glass 3.99 (reg.5.99)3 STARS)  Condiments, condiments, condiments!  Each table is stocked with bottles of ketchup, mustard, BBQ sauce, Tabasco, Chipotle sauce and Cholula.  Being a condiment queen, I like to dip my burger in the various sauces to make my own burger creation.4 STARS) Fried to perfection and sprinkled with a Parmesan and salt mix, Crazee Burger's fries and sweet potato fries are amazing!  They also taste great stuffed inside your burger.5 STARS)  And dare I say it?  Crazee Burger makes the BEST BURGERS IN TOWN!!  Make sure you order your burger medium so they're extra juicy and delicious.If Usher was here he'd be like, "Crazee Burger, you make me wanna say, oh, oh, oh, oh oh My goshh!"
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,10/8/2010,792,572,23,26,25>This restaurant has been bookmarked for me to try for the last month and I'm glad I finally went here to check it out.  I arrived with three friends in tow while they were on their late lunch break.  When you're here, it makes you forget you're still in National City. The nice yachts and picturesque scenery surrounding this restaurant makes you think you're on vacation elsewhere!It was their third visit and my first so what I had in mind was highly recommended by my buddy who had it there last time.  I went for the Kobe beef sliders that was prepared with smoked gouda cheese and crispy shaved onion rings with garlic fries.  They got the chicken Cesar salad, fish and chips (but salad instead of the fries) and the pulled pork sandwich with garlic fries.  They have a very simple menu of sandwiches, burgers, salads and soup, but all the items are prepared with quality ingredients like:  roasted garlic or lemon aioli, organic greens, spicy Cajun remoulade, candied pine nuts, you get the picture...good stuff!Waterfront wasn't crowded at all and it was a beautiful & warm sweet November day to enjoy our meal at the outdoor, shaded patio.  Our food came out within ten minutes and I was ready to feast.  My sliders were cooked medium and I enjoyed every bite, the smoked gouda cheese was goooouda!  Their grub looked pretty fantastic too, check out the pics I took!Would I go back?  You better believe it!  With all these mass threads I'm reading about on this site with regard to a spaghetti & meatballs meal for $10 bucks, I'd rather go to the Waterfront Grill for some quality, well prepared, fantastic tasting meals...and all for under ten buckaroos!
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,10/7/2010,262,85,24,20,13>I came here in hopes of working on my surfboard ass and burning a few cals. Unfortunately, BURNING definitely happened, but not necessarily in the form I had hoped it would take. The Iron Mountain and Ellie Lane trails have zero shade. To put it bluntly, 75 degrees is going to feel much more like being skewered and roasted in a rotisserie oven. OUCH. It is taking every ounce of my willpower not to RIP MY BRA OFF my painful, sunburned back at work right now, but this hike is still legit. If it weren't 30 miles away I would hike it a few times a week. Unlike the rest of the bunny slopes in San Diego County we refer to as "hikes," this one is actually a bit of a challenge. It really can be quite a good workout if you keep a decent pace. As for the view, I thought it was very pretty, especially from the Ramona Outlook trail. I live in the desert; I came to realize quite some time ago that spectacular, lush mountain-scapes and babbling brooks were never going to be part of the package. I'll take Iron Mountain any day as a substitute.NOTE: If you have a debilitating fear of bugs or bees, this trail is DEFINITELY NOT FOR YOU. Also, Toms do  not qualify as hiking shoes you dum-dum hipsters.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,10/6/2010,263,192,34,29,28>This past Valentine's Day, I was surrounded by hundreds of men and only had to share them with a couple of other ladies. Some were really hot too, especially the ones dancing around in their little underwear on the stages.  There was a man to satisfy every craving there: chocolate, vanilla, twinkies, butterscotch, gummy bears, skittles, etc. Too bad none of them even noticed me because I lack a certain part between my legs :( Eff you, vagina that bleeds and gives me PMS and causes me to be lonely in a sea of men on Valentine's day!!! I really would've loved me some chocolate dessert too!Although I am still bitter about spending Valentine's day alone, I will say that my inner-gay spirit really thought Rich's was a pretty cool place. I believe there was a $5 cover which gives you access to 2 full bars, co-ed bathrooms, and 2 dance rooms stocked with hot go-go dancers - one room that played mostly hip hop/top 40 stuff and felt more like a bar, and a back room with the bright lights and house/rave vibe. I was pretty much the only wallflower there as most of the guys there were in a couple or making out with other guys on the dance floor. I will probably not go back there unless I am with someone that I know won't ditch me to hook up with another guy. But, if I ever do grow a penis, Rich's is probably the first place I would go to! Rich, you are such a naughty boy!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,10/5/2010,741,244,14,15,14>The staff at Pho SuperBowl should be wearing capes like a super hero! It was raining in San Diego...yeah I know, shocker huh? I really wanted some Pho my Boyfriend reluctantly came with me stating even if I do like it I will never go back. We walked in and thought...this doesn't even look like an Asian restaurant we thought we might be in the wrong place. The friendly staff seated us and was very helpful with the menu. We had the crunchy egg rolls that were delicious along with the fresh lettuce that you wrapped the rolls in before dipping. I had the rare beef Pho and my BF had the kungpao chicken. I was in heaven...sweating and eating. I like it extra spicy and what a great way to clear out your sinuses. But my favorite thing was the Green Apple tea with Boba...OMG...so good! After we ate and waiting for our check they brought us coconut pudding. What a nice touch, management must be a smart cookie. After the pudding the BF said...Okay if you want me to come back with you I will.    So even picky people are swayed by Pho SuperBowl
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,10/4/2010,498,262,7,8,9>Holyyyyyy cow! I had not eaten here in months. Last Saturday, CBC and I drove all over University Heights, North Park, South Park and Golden Hill before deciding on lunch here. We walked in the cafe entrance and were greeted by the smell of fried food which permeated our hair and clothes. We both took about 15 minutes looking at the menu. Their offerings include tons of unique grilled cheeses, burgers and other sandwiches, even sandwiches made with a potato patty! I settled on a grilled cheese on thick, toasted buttery rosemary bread. The sammy was filled with sharp cheddar, sliced beer marinated apples, thin slivers of red onions and crispy thick cut bacon. I got the salad on the side instead of the fries in attempt to cut a bit of the fat out. Salad was basic but very fresh and served with a delicious cilantro ranch dressing. Luckily for me, CBC got the burger and fries.  There are more than enough fries to share!  His burger was served on an airy ciabatta which he raved over. The french fries on the side were some of the best I have ever had. This was a perfect meal and for less than 20 bucks (for both of us), you can't beat it!
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,10/3/2010,491,508,15,15,15>This crazy weather makes me wanna stay under the covers of my heated electric blanket.  Fast forward to the next day (that's long enough) and it's time to head back outdoors.  We're weather wussies here in SD.  Cold weather means Pho and Saigon Star was a pleasant surprise.The decor is more pleasant than most Pho restaurants as is the cleanliness.  It's damn near deceiving.  +1 star.The service was friendly.  Wait, what?  Friendly service at a Pho joint?  Yes, that's right.  When you've been to places where they serve you the soup with their thumb hanging out in the soup itself, you know you've been to some shady places.  Our server was super nice, and as usual, the food came out in a jiffy.  They followed up with us several times up until we were out the door.  Nice. +1 starWe started with the spring rolls.  Ok, but not spectacular.  Next, the Pho...the broth was flavorful and they are extremely generous with their portions.  We each had a small sized pho with rare steak and meatballs and normally, it's a ton of noodles with little meat.  In this case, I'm hard pressed to say it was a 50/50 ratio.  +1 star. $6 for the Pho, maybe $3 for the spring rolls.  The vietnamese iced coffee was sweet and strong, just as it should be.  The total bill was $18.  It's 10% off the total bill for lunch Mon-Thurs.  Not too shabby. +1 more star. I quickly took care of the bill today.  Sometimes I can spend that much on lunch alone.  When my friend asked how much to tip, I said add an extra dollar for our server.  Sure, he was great, but his eyebrows alone warrant an extra buck.  Don't believe me?  Check it out yourself.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,10/2/2010,1800,266,5,14,12>This place is awesome. (:I got lovely flowers for 'Happy Stupid Love Day' a few days early from my sweet boyfriend who is deployed. The huge bouquet of roses and lilies was BEAUTIFULLY arranged with some of the freshest flowers I have ever seen.HOWEVER, I am extremely sensitive to the scent of flowers (which the poor fella was not aware of) and upon arrival into my house, my eyes IMMEDIATELY began to itch ferociously, my nose started running and I couldnt breathe very well. WHOOPS.So I sent them up to my roommates room to be closed away so as to not kill me while I tried to get accustomed to the fact I would not be enjoying my 'Happy Stupid' treat.As I was shopping my woes away at Nordstrom Rack and sharing my predicament with my grandmother, she suggested that I call the florist and see if I could bring them back for an exchange.SURE ENOUGH! I had my roomie text me their number and when I rang them up, they were more than happy to oblige.So I ran them over, terrified to death that I would destroy them on the way and REALLY be in a bad spot.But lo and behold, the flowers, as well as their driver, made it safely to the destination.When I got inside I was in awe of all the different exotic flowers they had, ESPECIALLY the rainbow roses which I highly recommend getting for something or another.All three of the ladies that were working were AWESOME. They were very cheerful about my predicament and made me a beautiful arrangement of my favorite red Gerber Daisies and cute yellow Button Mums.What better than a ton of gorgeous flowers but cake samples for the gourmet bakery next door. I sampled a white cake with strawberry filling, chocolate fudge cake and chocolate cake with chocolate and vanilla mousses. Ohhhh man. Talk about literal 'icing on the cake' to a place. That is definitely the way to a 'fat girls' memory bank!After all was said and done, I left with a great arrangement that I loved AND have a $50 store credit so my honey can pick out some more flowers that wont kill me when he gets home. (:
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,7/21/2011,607,243,10,23,14>I used to pay hundreds of dollars for each visit at a spa in Encinitas. That's right: I used to drive over half an hour and pay way too much money for people who were more concerned with profits rather than the client's well-being. They would push their costly products and try selling me creams, lotions, and gels that were unnecessary. I've had two painful and very expensive laser procedures that yielded unnoticeable results. The esthetician was impersonal and would brush the chemical peel on my face and walk away while my face was stinging and burning like hell and not return forever. Bitch. However, ever since I've been going to Hope, the results of my skin's resurfacing has significantly improved. I'm not as insecure as I used to be. She performs facials and microdermabrasion with a diamond-tipped tool that smoothes the surface of my skin. During the winter, she gives me chemical peels. She truly cares about me and does what it takes to safely improve my skin. She does all this with a pure heart and dedicated work ethic. She cares about me as her client and not only about making money. Her advice is realistic and her prices are fair enough that I can see her twice a month and she doesn't fluctuate in cost. She even has an email that includes coupons to save me even more money. When I look in the mirror now, I see myself. My acne scars are barely visible and I have regained my confidence. This is all thanks to Hope. I highly recommend Hope to anybody who wants their skin to glow without burning a hole in your pocket.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,7/20/2011,491,894,9,13,11>Lets give three cheers for Lauren, the owner of Kensington Cafe for being super cool and apologetic about my last experience of dirty utensils.Hooray! Hooray! Hooray!She invited me back to hopefully have a better experience than the one prior to make up for the trauma and was very polite. Turning over a new leaf of never putting a one star up for these fine folks again also turned over a new leaf for me to try something different on the menu other than my favorite margherita scramble. I finally tried the delicious Berry Good Thing waffles I see everyone eating around me!Oh.My.God.SO GOOD! The waffle looks intimidating at first but something about portion size can do that but when you do manage to eat all of it, you don't feel like you're going to explode because Kensington Cafe uses better tasting ingredients (in my opinion) than other restaurants. The berries on my waffle were A+ and I could have eaten a mountain of them!And thumbs up for keeping breakfast hours going later for lazy sleepers like myself who manage to get to "breakfast" around noon.Kensington Cafe, it is safe to say we are now best breakfast friends again and your apology was greatly accepted. See you as soon as I can!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,7/19/2011,497,132,8,10,10>I always get the same thing here and am never disappointed. As far as sammiches go, I get the fatboys special. Im not sure what exactly is in it, but I do know that there is roast beef, turkey, cheese and bacon, and some other good stuff.  Thats the basic...then we get down to the nitty gritty. They have a bunch of options for your sammy, so after your initial order they always ask several follow up questions so that you can have your food just the way you like it. For me, it makes for a very serious sandwich experience. I almost feel a connection after.  Like,  like there was something there...something was happening between us...something more than just bread and deli meats...could this be   love?I like the Boards Head meat that they use there, and the other clever sandwich options they have. Some have hot cheetos and andy capps hot fries! They also have a bunch of cool and unique retro sodas that I don't really see anywhere else, and the biggest variety of Faygo in North park(for all my Juggalos out there)
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,7/18/2011,281,408,15,20,18>This was the perfect setting for a 30th birthday dinner. My BF hit the big one on the very first night of Searsucker's soft opening, and secretly I was beyond excited to check off yet another "Top Chef" meal. Searsucker did not disappoint, not one single bit. From the No Sho Shies (or something like that) which were scrumptious, to the bird lollipops with bleu fondue, and back again everything was spot on. I think the table inhaled the food so quickly the waitress (who was beyond amazing) thought we had never eaten before. I'm so glad to see this place open, and adding a bit of comfortable hipness to downtown. You won't feel out of place if you're not a trendsetter, the atmosphere is comfortable and elegant without being too much. I simply can't say enough good stuff. The morning after the meal I was still talking about the food.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,7/17/2011,256,133,26,14,11>Aladdin's is awesome because when I walk in, I feel like they want to blow me. That's a great feeling to have. I would give this place five stars if the people making me feel this way weren't (a) over 40 and (b) male...but I take what I can get. It's a lot like Cheers, except they don't know my name. On the other hand, they do know my order (BOMB-ASS CHICKEN SHAWARMA...get the fries with garlic dipping sauce, not the salad.) and my love for the Lakers. The manager always comes over and talks to me about Kobe and current games...I just can't say enough about this guy. Normally, I don't like people as a general rule, but this manager is really cool. I think over the course of the last year, he has told me his entire life story, but he NEVER repeats himself. He must have a phenomenal memory, or he actually is trying to get into my pants. You had me at the chicken shawarma, man. You had me at the chicken shawarma. By the time the manager has finished me off (ha), the waiter has already brought me an ice tea (normal-flavored, thank you very much Barrio Star. BOOOOOO BARRIO STAR) that comes in this gigantic-freaking-at-least-64-oz-ish glass. They also have put a 1/2 order of baba ganouj in for us. And you know the best part about Aladdin's baba ganouj? It's baba gagood, son! The pita it comes with is normally (not always) warm, fresh, and supple. Yes. Supple. It is in a very odd area...and used to be in the same center as Caskets For Less (because when your loved one dies...nothing says class like Caskets For Less), which went out of business for some reason. Maybe they should have been Caskets For A Little More? There is no real reason to be in this area unless you are going to Aladdin's...or want to see if there are any caskets left over. Aladdin's = 4.5 stars...but this place is one hot waitress away from being 5 stars. Come on Aladdin's...make it happen!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,7/16/2011,212,83,10,9,7>The shoyu ramen is my drug of choice. As simple a dish as it is I get anxious for it as soon as I get in the place. Great comfort food. Once I have a few noodles and spoonfuls of the warm broth I'm much more friendly. Unfortunately, this visit a good number of people had the same craving and it was a full house. Not a very large place so the wait was over 20 min. People were settled in pretty good too. A comfortable setting with simple decor. A warm welcome greeting from the kitchen staff makes it feel homey and familiar. Even with the number of people the food came out with a good pace. The wait staff was unhurried and unobtrusive seemingly to not interrupt conversation. Settling in was easy to do.Some of the items on the menu I was not familiar with, but the pictures that accompanied each listing made it much easier to figure out. Being there with a friend fluent in Japanese I'm not sure what we ordered, but everything was delicious. The standout was the beef tongue. I mean, I'm down for beef and and I'm definitely down for tongue. I'd not had that combination in my mouth at the same time before, at least that I can recall, so I was unsure how it would be. The texture is odd, but so very tasty. I highly recommend it. My next visit I'll try and pay better attention to what is ordered. Wait, who am I foolin'? if you put meat on a stick: beef, chicken, fish, whatever, I'll eat it, so maybe not.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,7/14/2011,179,78,41,16,18>Hey girl, it happened again, didn't it?  Your paltry clothing fund mandated that you walk past the pearly gates of Nordy's and Bloomie's and settle, SETTLE for Forever 21.  Dammit!  Why can't someone just look at you, realize how fabulous you are and give you money?  It's so unfair!Well, I'm here to clue you in on a little secret that might help to make those undeserved dreams a reality.  You see, there's a place in the UTC area that turns into a bit of a foxhole around sundown with plenty of silverheads on the prowl.  I think you know where I'm going with this.  That's right my dear, this week invest your clothing fund in half-priced apps and drinks at Truluck's happy hour and get ready to schmooze with Bob Barker's doppelganger.  He'll feign interest in your stories and pretend to understand your quirky pop-culture references and you can work hard on your plastic smile, undeterred by the occasional hit of BENGAY® wafting by your nose.By night's end, perhaps your tab will be taken care of, perhaps you'll find yourself riding shotgun in a European sport coupe or maybe, just maybe, you'll be on a shopping spree down the street.  Happy hunting.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2010,7/13/2011,765,361,14,15,15>Seriously, you just can't stay away from here!! (Especially since I literally live right behind here!!!) If you're in the mood for a cheesesteak, Pop's is THE BEST in San Diego. Hands down!! Don't believe me? Try for yourself!!!I usually get a chicken cheesesteak and my bf opts for the traditional beef. I have to say a cheesesteak just isn't the same without some whiz!! The bread actually holds together also and doesn't get soggy. It's also not rock hard and difficult to chew...it's just right!!! The peppers and mushrooms are fresh and very delicious.The restaurant has a cool NY deli feel to it. The decor is all Italian and you'd expect to see Tony Soprano's fat ass sitting at a table grubbin or maybe Uncle Junior.Very well done! We'll be seeing you soon!
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,7/12/2011,242,154,28,19,18>I am not a very socially competent person. Sure, I put on a smile and have a firm handshake but when it comes to actual communication with other grown ups, my behavior is often reminiscent of a child raised by chimps. For all intents and purposes I LOOK like a human, but I might poop in my hand and smear it on a tree trunk. You never know.I'm the one who's most likely to say "retard" around a person who has a sister with Downs, and the person who will walk around with an entire asparagus spear stuck to my chin. Far, far too much of my life is spent backpeddling and apologizing for making colon cancer jokes or accidentally spitting in peoples' mouths. I'm sorry guys, I just never caught on to social skills. The Waterfront is great because it caters to people like me. The bartenders are really nice and the drinks are heavily poured and each patron at the bar is just as socially inept the next. No one is offended if you aren't good at eye contact, and they have a popcorn machine so you can keep your mouth full and lessen the chance of blurting out "SOMETIMES I WONDER ABOUT WHAT CATS TASTE LIKE" instead of thinking it.Plus, it has friggin DELICIOUS food. I had a buffalo burger last time (hence wondering what cats taste like, duh) and it was straight up perfection, I am NOT kidding. Prices are great, they have a sweet patio, and it's just far enough out of downtown that you are unlikely to see a bedazzled shirt in the whole bar. PLUS Wednesday nights there's this cover band called BJ and Todd and after my fourth vodka soda I totally danced (rythymlessly swayed back and forth) to them. Thanks, Waterfront, for supporting those of us who are just trying to get through life without walking into street signs in front of all our friends and that boy we liked that one time. Or whatever.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,7/11/2011,132,153,13,16,12>Homegrown Meat is the best butcher shop in town. They sell highest quality grass-fed beef, lamb, poultry, and sausages. The beef sold here is certified by the American Grassfed  and the Animal Welfare Approved Associations.  Therefore, you will know that your meat is actually homegrown.  The cows only feed on their mother's milk or the grass they live on.  Their meats are top notch.  We brought a couple of sirloins home and grilled them ourselves.  The quality of the meat was comparable to a top steak restaurant.  The cuts were nice and tender.  It made our dinner special without any extra effort. The customer service at Homegrown is outstanding.  They are very knowledgeable and helpful.  My hubby mentioned to them how he wanted to order some venison.  They did not have any in stock, but were willing to order it for us.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,11/15/2011,415,328,8,13,10>Brazen BBQ how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.1-You look so good that I had to come inside and see what you were all about. When I got inside I loved you even more. I love the open feel, the western style with clean contemporary lines and a bar that opens to the outside patio.2-So many tantalizing choices that I will have to come back in order to try it all. 3-Great prices! A family platter with three meat choices, three sides, and bread (enough to serve 4) for around $45 is a hell of a deal. We opted for this option with brisket, pulled pork, spare ribs, beans, cole slaw and sweet potato fries.4-I was happy to see the bottled beers on ice when I walked in the door but I was simply giddy when I saw your full bar around the corner. I think there were six beers on tap and enough liquor variety to fill most people's drink needs.5-I could have simply set at the bar and ordered instead of standing in line in the front. This is a tip for those that are like me and would prefer to sit at a bar anyway.6-The food! Amazing pulled pork, the best coleslaw I have had in years, tasty sweet potato fries and tender, smokey brisket all made my palate happy.7-Super friendly staff that seemed to like where they are working and genuinely cared about my eating experience.8-Thank you for letting San Diegans know that good bbq is NOT meat drowned in overly sweet, mediocre bbq sauce.Overall I had a great meal and time at Brazen BBQ. I can see that since they are brand new and haven't even had a formal opening yet there will be some hiccups to work through. For being open for a week though I was highly impressed with how well Brazen is doing. There was a full house and a lot of people chillin' on the outdoor patio enjoying drinks and food. It's a comfortable place with great food and I look forward to coming back soon!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,11/14/2011,4165,809,59,48,42>I'm trapped in a Testorone Love Triangle...I'm a cheater...Phil and I have been together for almost 3 years now.  He was a great guy at first, but now that we've been together for awhile he's been slacking off: keeps me waiting for almost an hour, doesn't bother charming me anymore, hates my son/dog Kingsley, and is a real cheapskate, especially when it comes to the BBQ sauce!Phil doesn't know it yet, but I had an affair last Saturday night with someone new: Bull.  Bull is that brand new boyfriend who still really cares, so let me give y'all "10 Reasons to Cheat on Phil":1) Bull doesn't keep me standing in line for an hour before feeding me, he seats me right away.2) Bull's chef came around to our table and left us a FREE pan of andouille sausage simmered BBQ sauce...yum!3) After finishing our free sausage bites, one of Bull's girls came out and gave us FREE cookies n cream ice cream.4) Bull's staff refills my water for me so I don't ever have to get up and leave my delicious BBQ.5) Bull doesn't make me choose between 2 small sides or 1 large side, I can pick whatever FUCing 2 sides I want!6) Bull offers me Mac N Cheese, Phil doesn't. Bull even puts Cheezit crumbles on top...soooo FUCing good!7) Bull gives me a cornbread muffin with my meal, Phil doesn't.  Its so deliciously moist that it doesn't butter!8) My son/dog Kingsley is welcome at Bull's patio, the staff will even bring him water...Woof! Woof!9) Bull's chef explained to us the gargantuan brontosaurus, er beef, ribs: Bull removes every other beef rib bone; therefore, the beef ribs served have twice as much meat! :D10) The #1 Reason to cheat on Phil: Bull leaves two full bottles of delicious BBQ sauce at the table: one sweet and one original. You can douse your meats with all the sauce you can dream of.  Since you're bound to have leftovers, they'll give you some more complimentary BBQ sauce to take home with you.Phil...are you taking notes?Bull's BBQ sauce is "thick n smokey" versus Phil's "sweet n tangy" BBQ sauce, so I'll still stay with friends with Phil when I want "sweet n tangy", but I think I'm ready to go steady with Bull, if he'll have me. The lovely wife Erica P and I ordered "The Trough"...its well... EPIC!  6 Beef Ribs, 8 Pork Ribs, Half Chicken, 4 Cornbreads, and 2 sides...everything was mouthgasmic, delicious, and fatty esctasy.  We were eating leftover BBQ for 2 days afterwards. Its meant for 4 people I think...opps! :DDon't worry Phil...this is "See you later", not "Goodbye" ;-)
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2011,11/13/2011,4994,169,15,28,21>Prohibition, the perfect name and great place to be cool and have a delicious cocktail.If you live in San Diego, you have a choice when it comes to a really great 1930's type atmosphere and drink.  You can go to Prohibition or you can go to Noble Experiment.  Both places are great, and both places have slight differences.Let talk about Prohibition!  What a great place to drink, and what a great group of people that work there.  To get in, you will need to go online and get on the list.  Once you are lucky enough to get on the list, you will need to find the secret door and know the password that changes each night.Let assume you made it inside...The atmosphere is perfect for a 1930's drink and cool vibe.  Unlike the other Prohibition type bar in San Diego, these guys have a live band each night.  What could be better than live music and a great drink?  Well, how about a great drink made by great bartenders?!  These guys know their stuff.  If you can't find what you want on their extensive drink list, just let the bartender know what you like and he will make a perfect concoction for you with all your favorite flavors and alcohol.If you haven't been here, you need to go!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,11/12/2011,289,164,6,14,8>I absolutely love this place. I bring all my vegetarian friends here. It's a must try! Service is alright, considering it a traditional Asian family owned restaurant. They have cute little desserts in the display right when you walk in!My absolute favorite dish is their peppered fish. Great servings, a little more expensive than I would like but it's okay because the deliciousness makes up for it!They also have cheap sushi and spring rolls that I definitely enjoy.When you want a light meal without the meat come here and let your taste buds enjoy!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,11/11/2011,433,177,12,19,15>This is the newest location for Total Woman Gym & Day Spa and its located right here in Mission Valley. Its grand opening is Aril 11, 2011 and I'm excited! I just finished my membership tour today and got my welcome kit. I met some of the staff members and personal trainers and so far so good. I signed up for a membership a few months ago after I saw a promotional advertisement in the mail and searching its website at the other locations. I'm spoiled already just  reading the amenities offered. My friends and my husband rolled their eyes at me for signing up telling me that I have a 24 hour fitness gym membership and what's the benefit besides the bells and whistles? I'm like OKAY....welll...let me count the reasons....First off, its an Women's ONLY gym. It has everything that I need to get my workout on without some random male checking me out or asking me for my phone number, and grunting at the nearby weights or piece of equipment that I want to work on. The weight and cardio machines are brand spanking new. Some I have not even seen before and I'm like woah, how do you use that? Thank goodness for orientation! There is also specific rooms devoted only to pilates (equipment and all), spinning classes, aerobic classes, and so on. You know how hot these classes get. There's air conditioning! Big plus. Second, have you seen the locker rooms? Day spa heaven. The locker rooms are very spacious. Check out the fancy looking sinks. The showers have a built in shampoo, conditioner, and soap dispenser so if you forgot your toiletries, no worries. There's also a sauna. Now, right across from the locker room is of course....The day spa!  There are 7 rooms devoted to massages, facials, and all the pampering goodness any woman deserves. Why not? A big plus is that unlike other day spas where you would have to go to one room for a massage then to another room for a facial...not here. You have your one room and its the technicians that does the moving. When your  massage therapist is done with your massage, the aesthetician comes in and does your facial. There is ample parking and the membership price is right. Almost forgot to mention, there's a Children's area to drop off your kiddos so you can work out.  If you're smart, sign up BEFORE the big day and lock in a great monthly rate. I did, its a lot less than what my friends are paying for at their own gym, and the amenities are awesome.  Way too good to pass up. I will update as soon as this place is in full swing.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,11/10/2011,132,153,10,12,10>The B Spot knows how to hit the spot.  After reading all the reviews, the Hubby and I had to see what the hype was all about.  I am glad we did.The restaurant is located in the heart of convoy near a mecca of other places.  Avoid eye contact with those places and head straight over to the B Spot.  You won't be let down.This family owned and operated restaurant is bringing East Coast sandwiches to San Diego.  I ordered one of their classic sandwiches "The Rachel." It was an ultimate sandwich piled high with Boar's head pastrami meat, cole slaw, French fries, and nestled between toasty bread.  It was so huge I had issues finishing it.  My hubby ordered the avocado bacon burger.  This burger was a beast.  They stuff each patty with cheese.  So when you bite into their burger, it oozes with cheese and   burger juices.  That is how a real burger should be. I left the B Spot so satisfied, I almost ran off without my purse.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,11/9/2011,282,84,16,11,12>Kiss that Atkins and South Beach diet goodbye!  Muah... bye bye...Wow, they really try to kill you here with food-overdose!!! In the words of my Yelp homie Marvin S, the portions here are just "recockulus" LOL!!!  Death by a million carbs!  I know where I'm going next time before my next half marathon! haha... It's no wonder the whole restaurant walked out with to-go bags... no really!!   There is just no finishing those portions - no way, no how, unless your name is Kobayashi!!!The wife surprised me with dinner reservations here for Father's Day this evening  - I very much love you for that dear, even though you just ruined my diet ;-)I had their cardiac-arrest inducing Famous Meatloaf, stuffed with roasted red peppers, fresh spinach & mozzarella cheese all crowned with their signature cream sauce on a king-size bed of mashed potatoes, reasonably priced at $17 (remember that if you're looking for a cheap way to knock years off your life instantly) Wifey had the Fresh Alaskan Halibut, with mixed tomato salad roof & crispy rock shrimp, basil pesto mayo all served on top of sweet corn mashed potatoes for $29  - DELISH!!!  She really knows how to pick'em, kinda like her guys... ;-)So as you can see, overall not too bad for dinner and we now have leftovers that'll feed us for the next couple days!!!  Definitely I have to come back for breakfast so for now Hash House gets a 4.5 but the major gluttony factor here rounds it up and takes care of the rest...
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,11/8/2011,859,450,13,16,16>My dad told me this was the first place he came to eat when he first moved to the US.With that said, this place brings a lot of nice memories of eating here with my family over the years. Well, it's a plus that the food is pretty good too.I recommend splitting a dish with someone. You won't finish. Or you can take home leftovers :]Personally, I like their omelets but they are huge.A major downside is that it closes early...it's only open until like 2 pm, I think. One thing I really don't like is a long wait for a restaurant. Considering how incredibly busy it gets on weekends, I don't tend to go often unless I have a chance to go during the week.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,11/7/2011,242,2016,15,19,16>In the history of my life, there is only one 5-star bar; The Dresden Room in Los Feliz.  But the Lumberyard is very cozy and can get addicting.  The decor is so unique--vinyl seats and flooring, very 60s modern.Syke!It's called The Lumberyard people, so you're going to sit and eat on wood.  I was here last week with members of an elite group and we enjoyed drinks and a pizza.  Unfortunately, one of our members had to cut out early but we got on famously in her absence (we're an elite group; our parts interchange seamlessly).  Do get the sausage and pepperoni pizza if you're looking for something.It's not the largest bar or dining room or patio you'll see, but what sets it apart are the locals.  The vibe is very laid back and right up my alley and they're open til midnight on weekdays, later on weekends.  I would love for them to play some "Pour Some Sugar On Me" in here--just to see people's reaction.Possible home base...
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,11/6/2011,74,74,49,37,40>Since my Mom "discovered" unlimited texting, she texts me more than she used to call.  Here's her latest text. She has this annoying habit of using caps when she thinks it's an important message:PHIL'S  BBQ  LNCH SAT GOI have always enjoyed the food from Phil's.  I always call ahead for pick up.The ribs are delicious.  I enjoy the beef ribs more than the pork.  There's more meat,tender,fall off the bone,delicious,dripping flavorful fatty meat...I also love the sauce, which I always order on the side. I love sweets. The side dishes are not that spectacular, coleslaw,corn,beans,onion rings, not the greatest,but edible.I called Mom back to ask her what time they'll be there, since the parking will be a challenge.  She texted me back:LOLYOUR CUZIN PHILLIP BBQ  HIS HOUSE IN SAN MARCOS!!!LOLI'm still getting over Mother using "LOL"...*facepalm*
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2007,12/7/2007,177,149,15,9,8>Dear Grandma,Please don't consider me a skanky girl because I love dive bars.  I mean, seriously- consider the options these days for a laid back girl such as myself.   I don't like meat market clubs.  Not every night is a dressy occasion kind of dinner-night-out.  And lastly, I really outgrew the binge drinking college stage that happens nightly in PB.  No, really, I did.  NO, REALLY!!!!Tony's is mellow.Set in OB, it is a little odd that this dark, sometimes stinky little hole in the wall would exist, but that's part of the charm.  No,, really, it is.  They have a great cd jukebox.  Their drinks are decent and average out to be somewhat strong, especially if the apple of your eye knows the bartenders.  It can get crowded late at night but it's great for a happy hour visit after OB's incredible farmer's market.  You do have to endure the "hippie" kids which can be annoying, but oh well.  I bet this was a really cool place back in your day.  Swanky, round booths.  Guess what?  It looks the same - not much has changed.Anyhow, before I go, please tell Grandpa this joke.Q- how do you hide money from a hippie?A- put it under the soap!!Love,Joan
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2007,12/6/2007,413,616,21,6,9>in 1977, both of my fresh out of high school parents got jobs at this jack in the box.then they started doin' it. (EW!)then my mom got pregnant.then they got married.then my big sister was born, three and half months after the wedding.three and a half years after that, i arrived!without this jack in the box, i wouldn't exist.that's either five stars or no stars, but since i'm in a good mood about existing today, i'll go with five.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2007,12/5/2007,680,164,4,16,12>Okay - so I admit it.  I LAGGED!I was lucky enough to have the sense to head to Urban Solace for lunch with some friends after having my hair done at Disconnected Salon across the street - 3 weeks ago!My only saving grace... this place made such an impression on me - that I clearly remember every detail - even weeks later!  I just hope I can pay homage well enough to really get the point across on just how great it is!So, here we go!Not really knowing what to expect when I walked through the door of this cool building I was pleasantly surprised at the cool, modern decor.  A truly beautiful space - I felt right at home just after stepping in the door.My friends and I decided to sit at the bar, have a cold beer and grab some lunch.  The "bartender" introduced herself as Young-Mi took our drink orders (They only serve beer and wine... and they have Blue Moon!  YES!) and handed us a couple of menus.  When we asked what she recommended she went through their signature dishes as well as her personal favorites.  She was awesome, and even introduced us to her husband and the chef Matt.  We started off with the Sweet Potato French Fries with Oregon Blue Cheese Dressing and my new favorite -- the Pile of Warm Cheese Biscuits with Orange Butter - WOW! Um... I think I am seriously still dreaming about them!For the main course:Anthony ordered the Grilled Steak Salad with Aged Sherry Vinaigrette, Baby Tomatoes & Crisp Parsnips- (which I can only assume was delicious by how quickly he scarfed it down...) Jamie decided on the House Burger, Sirloin and Chuck with Aged White Cheddar, Fresh Egg Bun, Sweet Potato FF (I had some... and it was gooooooooooooood)Neil had the Grilled Four Cheese Sandwich with Chilled Tomato-Fennel Soup (the grilled cheese was super hot, gooey and super yummy... the perfect comfort food)All 3 entrees looked, smelled and tasted amazing from what I could tell... but MY lunch was THE piece de resistance!  Talk about amazing flavor, sweet and savory, the ultimate comfort food!  Grilled Egg Bread, Smoked Ham, Fontina Cheese, Grilled Pear and preserves served with sweet potato french fries... completes the ultimate Urban Solace experience known as the Monte Diego!  Talk about a taste thrill!  The local spin on an old comfort classic, the monte cristo - THIS VERSION is the ONLY VERSION in my book!  Not too heavy or dense - this is pure perfection and totally worth branching out and trying something other than your standard fare.... Now, 3 weeks later - my mouth still waters, my stomach is growling and I can't WAIT for the Elite party next Sunday so I can get my Urban Solace food fix!  Actually, if I am honest with myself and with whomever reads this... I have to admit I won't be able to wait that long!  Anyone free for lunch tomorrow?
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,12/4/2007,30,105,5,6,6>I should preface this review by saying I am really NOT a massage person.  Before this week I'd had two in my life and wasn't real enthused either time.My fabulous wife loves this place, and talked me into getting a pregnancy massage.  Partners and husbands, here's a tip - get your pregnant lady a pregnancy massage.  Call The Knot Stop and ask for Elizabeth.  While you're waiting, pop into Trader Joe's and get her a quart (yes, a QUART) of Ben and Jerry's for afterward.BUT back to the massage...Elizabeth was friendly, personable, made me feel comfortable right away, AND gave me a great massage.  She also does reiki, and the baby and I both got some at the end of the hour.  For $69 (regular massage is less, but us pregnant people are special), I will be back a few times before our little guy gets here...
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,12/3/2007,154,161,10,12,13>I am perfectly happy to review this place after a single visit because I know I will be back again and again!  And next time I will definitely partake of several of the delicious looking cocktails I saw getting passed around - I had a 15 mile drive up the 163 & 15 after dinner, so it was water only for me tonight.The steaks were cheap & yummy and if I do say so, got that appropriate level of char.  Less than $20 for steak, garlic bread & vegetables, are you kidding me?It was jammed solid as of 7pm, even on a Tuesday, but plenty of seating at 6:30 - so get there early!  Oh, and there's a freakshow mirror in the woman's room.  It was suggested that perhaps that's not really good for business, seeing as how it makes you think you've been drinking too much.  :-D  But, I don't think they're hurting any.Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2007,12/2/2007,422,258,16,10,10>A sub from Antonelli's is what Subway sandwiches hope to be when they grow up.  They dream of being big, meat-filled, and delicious.  They go to school and doodle about high-quality, finely shredded lettuce, and make fun of the other subs whose parents have coarse-shred industrial lettuce.At recess, they play "King of the Subs", and whoever wins gets called "The Antonelli".They sit around grampa's chair, and listen to how he was almost chosen to be sold at Antonelli's, only to be passed over because his tomato was cut a little too thick.  Of course, that he was always a little bit on the pricey side didn't help much either.  See, kids, being expensive doesn't get you picked at Antonelli's.  You gotta be good, but you gotta be cheap, too.  Don't ever forget it.And so they go, watching movies about it, reading stories about it, and even going to the Deli Hall of Fame for field trips.Because only the best become Antonelli's.   Only the best.Better keep eating your Wheaties and drinking your Milk, Subway Kid.  You got a long way to go.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2007,11/30/2007,413,479,5,6,7>MMMMMMMMMMMM .... Blue Water ....Not just something to swim in anymore.Did you know that water is blue because it is reflecting the sky?  I digress ....Blue Water is a fish place.  If you want fish, go here.  If you do not want fish, DO NOT GO HERE.Blue Water has great food and a super duper friendly service team.Everyone seems to have fun working there (and to me that is a BIG thing ... happy workers = happy food and a good ownership and management staff).Great selection of fish, and then the options on preparation are cool.  It is a simple way to do things ... and that is often the best.Good beer selection too ... and walkable to The Aero Club! Perfect.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,11/29/2007,159,243,8,9,11>I'm going to start with four stars because I've only had one thing from the menu.  What can be said about Las Quatro Milpas that hasn't already been said?  This place has been around 75 years, and it looks like it's been the same all 75 years!  It's cafeteria style, the cooks serve the food to you on the way in (and no one is kidding about the long lines!  We went in at 10am on a Thursday morning and had to wait in line out the door, but it was way worth it), then you can sit in the dining room with your food where they have long cafeteria tables with folding metal chairs and peeling paint on the walls.  This all somehow makes the food taste better.  The food is super cheap.  I got a Chorizo con Huevos bowl with rice and tortillas, and it was only $3!  It's an adventure going down there, and it's the best on a gloomy weekday morning when you can just warm up with some chorizo con huevos and hot homemade tortillas.  It's delicious and a nice change of pace from the normal taco shop drive-thru food.  I had been here a few years ago on a rainy day when I was too late to go to school one time and could never remember the name or how to get there.  I am glad I remembered seeing it on Yelp this morning because it was exactly what I was hoping for and tasted just like I remembered.  Don't forget - cash only!  There is something about a rundown building that is equivilent to delicious food a lot of the time.  Paint chipping off the walls and bums outside is somehow a signifier of authenticity when it comes to mexican food, and this place has it all!Maybe some day I'll write a more creative review, but for now I just thought I'd share the yumminess that is Las Quatro Milpas (as if you couldn't see that by the other 30something reviews of this place).
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2007,11/28/2007,143,114,8,19,17>There is something for every type of beach-goer here.  The Sit-N-Baker:  Long stretches of clean sand, quiet coves, all perfect to catch a snooze while you put your SPF to the test.  The Jock and the Jock-For-A-Day:  Whether you're an avid ocean kayak-er or a paddle-ball enthusiast, there is a multitude of active sports you can partake in.  Many companies at the cove offer kayaking/snorkeling/diving tour groups and surf lessons.  There's also plenty of room on the sand for that friendly game of touch football.  Runners won't be bored on this beautiful jog along the beach.    Jacques Cousteau Prodigy:  The tide pools are a wonder of creepy crawlies, slippery-slimies, and beautiful ocean oddities all trapped for your viewing pleasure at low-tide.  On a recent kayaking trip, I encountered a pod of dolphins, a large sting ray slipped gracefully underneath my oar, and I paddled next to cliffs where seals lounged.   Unfortunately, the day I was out, we weren't allowed to kayak into the sea caves due to the unusually turbulent waters, but according to our guide, the waters are normally calm and plenty accommodating for such explorations.  The "I-Can't-Get-My-Hair-Wet" Set:  You'll be perfectly at home in your head-to-toe linen resort wear as you sit on a towel underneath an umbrella and sip your bottle of VOSS or occupy a bench along the winding sidewalk which looks out to the water.  Of course, there are also the countless galleries, boutiques, cafes, coffee shops, high-end restaurants, and ice cream/gelato spots you can peruse after you've had your fill of sun and sand.  For the Mini-Me's:  The protective cove and tide pools are perfect for families.  Sandcastles, picnics, splashing around with mom and dad - it can't be beat.  No matter who I bring - whether it's my 6 year old cousin, just my husband, or my +60 parents - my friends and family always have a great time here and they all sigh longingly as they look out at the water before we leave.  I myself am in awe of the cove every time I come here and can't help but vow to come more often.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2007,11/26/2007,230,224,10,14,12>I went to Liar's Club for one reason only: the burgers were supposed to be off the hook. I have had all of San Diego's finest by now - not THOSE finest... their finest burgers - of which there are many worthy contenders. My favorite continues to be Rocky's but I wanted to add a new one to my list (and belly) so Liar's Club won out thanks to a seriously conducted and highly flawless yelp poll.And it was good. Yes good. I'd go out on a limb and say it was even great. But not out of this world. I had the cajun burger, hubby ordered the en fuego burger which is topped with three kinds of peppers. Our friends had the Western. We liked 'em. Happy, for sure. But - dare I say it? It didn't beat Rocky's or even several of my other top 5 burgers. The parking, as everyone knows, is atrocious. But after living in SF the past year that parking thing doesn't faze me. The atmosphere was sweet, that I loved. Even with music blaring into my ears at top notch causing conversation melt down. Back to the food... the accompaniments (sweet potato fries and cajun fries) were underdone and soggy - neither one of us ate ours and we love fries. We ordered an app of crab cakes since we like to try those just about everywhere also... and they sucked. Way too bready and they were cooked to the consistency of hockey pucks. The waitress assured us that is how they are always cooked. Ohhhh-kaaayyy. One last thing: service was slow as molasses. Good thing we didn't have anywhere to be seeing as how we spent half the afternoon there just to have one meal.So go for the burgers (definitely if you are in the 'hood already and don't have to deal with parking issues) and stay for the beer!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,12/15/2012,94,355,7,10,8>I am a big fan of karaoke and I grew up going to those in Hong Kong. In the US, I have been to several in Chicago, a couple in LA, a couple in NYC, and this one in San Diego. Karaoke 101 is by far my favorite Karaoke in the US. Below are the few things that I consider:-Cleanliness -Conditions-Equipments-Selection of songs-Ease of use-Food and drinks-PriceKaraoke 101 was very new and clean. They also looked very sleek and trendy. The rooms were spacious with comfy couches. Sound quality and equipments such as microphones and LCD TVs were decent. Selection of songs were great! They had most of the Chinese songs that my friends and I wanted to sing, as well as English pop songs. The karaoke program was also pretty easy to navigate. For food and drinks, they had very limited items on the menu, BUT you can bring your own drinks and food. So I guess it's a fair trade-off. Price was very reasonable! We had a room that would fit 7 or 8 people and the rate was just $20 an hour! I love this place and I will definitely come back!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,12/14/2012,297,324,5,10,7>I really like the sea urchin flavored linguini. It was probably better to have just consumed the sea urchin alone but I didn't mind trying something different. The decor was very nice and one thing I appreciated was that they didn't enforce gratuity because we have a party larger than 6.It was my first time having honeycomb ricotta and boy was it good. Definitely recommend ordering that item for an appetizer.I also liked the chicken liver puree with bread. Reminded me of eating foie gras. Oh how I missed thee. Definitely recommend ordering that as well for your appetizers.I also got to try my friend's Pizza con Prosciutto e Rucola. That was also pretty good. They make surprisingly decent pizzas here.Don't get the rigatoni with sausage though. It was too basic and felt like it was something you could make at home.Definitely this is a place I'd recommend to try out for good Italian cuisine!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,12/13/2012,245,33,24,20,17>Growing up in Lakeside it was just natural to love certain things:  The Rodeo.The Annual Chili Cook-Off.Having the notoriety of displaying "The World's Biggest Wind Chime!" for a good decade... True story.Dogs... The way a redneck does; not the way Asians do.Country Music.If you were super East County, you went to Santuckey to Mulvaney's (R.I.P.) on Sundays and learned how to line dance.Going to InCahoots on Wednesdays brings back fond memories of my childhood.  A bunch of white folks elbow to elbow sweating their asses off trying to navigate around each other without spilling their domestic beers.  Very reminiscent of visiting Bobby Joe Cletus' mama's auntie's cousin's neighbor's third ex-wife's triple wide.  Whether or not you know how to Boot Scoot, Watermelon Crawl, Cowboy Cha-Cha, or Power Stomp it is still a hell of a place to go to people watch.  Um, $2.50 you-call-its and white people "free-styling" to top 40's between line dances and The Macarena?... YES PLEASE!This is my experience of being there on Wednesdays only.  There's an $8 cover, $2.50 you-call-its, tuck in your fucking shirt if you're a dude, show some T&A if you're a broad.  Get here early or get there late because there will be a line around the corner.  As you stumble out fucking smashed there will be a hot dog stand.  Get one, it will change your life... Or end it.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,12/12/2012,308,291,21,11,10>My girlfriend and I walked miles and miles around Gaslamp and then finally we came across Barleymash! It's our new hot spot.  We had soooo many laughs being here.  First night, no sooner that my foot touched the ground when this guy walks up to me and says "You look pretty and I like your flower."  He then went on to hand me a beer and give me a hug.  My friend and I walked away to work the room.  We found a spot by the window to check out the guys walking by and also the guys inside.  For a tuesday this place was jumping.  We notice this blonde guy flirting heavily with this Asian girl.  He had fake expressions in his face with some fake ass smiles.  My girlfriend wanted to warn the asian chick that this guy was bad news....however I told her that the girl knew what was up.  A few min. later the asian chick got up pretended to get up and leave...an hour later we saw her at the dance floor dancing with an asian guy.  Turns out there was an Audi conference in town and there which explained all the married men at the bar.  A guy offered to buy me a drink, he was married, then after asked me if "I wanted to get out of here and go back to his place....at the hotel."  I declined.  Next thing, another one of his buddies asked me the same thing...to which all 6 guys took their turns asking me to go back to their rooms...I declined. Then this guy who claims to be from Morocco and owns a restaurant in Hillcrest is asking me to go back to his place....I say no way you havent even bought me a drink yet....he says come back to my restaurant and I will give you anything you want...and I say I will come but only if my friend comes too and you buys us both drinks...he says this offer is only good for you...I say GOOD NIGHT!Then Scary thing happened when 2 of the guys followed me out to the parking lot and when I caught wind of them they took a pedi cab and left....at this point my girlfriends guy pointed them out.  Now this guy was one of those "Audi" guys whom I assume had a wife and kids back home since he kept paying with cash!  Hey, he bought us a bunch of drinks and then some pizza afterwards.  Walked us to our car and quickly bailed but not before making out with mi amiga.Second night, We got off to a slooooow start with not a single gent offering to buy us drinks.  We moved around the bar to different tables and even visited the downstairs lounge....what a sleeper!  We were getting ready to leave and then I suggested sitting at the same communal table as the night before to see if the magic was still there....alas this drunk Asian guy offered to buy us drinks and he bought us about 3 for each of us!  Then this drunk Mexican guy handed me a $20 and asked me to go by myself and my grirlfriend a drink.  They  kept trying to grind on both us and we decided to go to the bathroom...on our way back out we noticed those 2 werid ass guys were at the tables waiting for us...so my friend flagged down this old black guy in his 50's.  He asked us to dance and I said "You have to get us drunk first."  He said "Oh Im buying."  Then walked away and thankfully those 2 guys got tired of waiting and left.  We walked and sat at the table and guess what? The old black guy returns putting his around both us.FAIL!!!! I asked him where our drinks were and he replied "I only have $20." And I said "Well, you said you were buying." To which he replied "I never said that." I pulled his arm off me and moved seats to which landed me right in front of these 2 British guys. The bald British guy was flirting heavily with me but then out of nowhere he switched seats with his skinny friend...WTF!!!  Anyways, these 2 guys bought us 6 drinks each!!! Scooore!!! Everything was going good until the guy I was chatting with said "Hold on, Im going to ask this girl to dance. "  Ugh....is that how it works in Britain????  WTF!!!! It only went down hill from there.BUT NOT BEFORE THE BLACK GUY IN HIS 50S RETURNS AND EXPOSES HIS "SHORT COMINGS" TO MY FRIEND!!!!  I quickly flagged down a bouncer and POOOF the black guy in his 50's was gone.  The alcohol is pretty good, I tend to order a lot of Long Island Ice Tea's...have no idea of the price as I NEVER paid for any of my own drinks!!!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,12/11/2012,761,1572,11,15,11>One of the best meals I've had in San Diego, no joke.Oysters - our server suggested some delicious options for us to order.  It was fun to be able to select a variety and compare the tastes!Kid Dynamo - exchanged the wahoo for albacore upon our server's recommendation.  It was amazing.  The sauce was a creamy schiracha based sauce...so good.  There was another dish that was a whole deep fried fish tossed with thai chilies and that was also amazing.Add a couple cocktails and attentive service = one of the best meals I've had in San Diego.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,12/10/2012,975,197,4,9,6>This place is great! I stopped by last night to pick up some dog food, and of course I never end up leaving with just one thing. I like to spoil my dogs, what can I say?Anyways, I like that this place is small and convenient, yet fully stocked with everything you'd find in the bigger stores like Petsmart and Petco. They have a wide variety of dog and cat food, plus a section for birds. I think I'll become a regular of this place since it's close to me. The only down part is the small parking lot and traffic off of University.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,12/9/2012,2618,97,6,8,5>If you own a German car in San Diego this is the place to take it!!  The prices here are fantastic, easily comparable to shops with shady serve.  Compared to the local VW and Audi dealers German Motors & Imports cant be beat.  They offered me several options for the issue with my car, helped me find the best price on the parts I needed, then did the work quicker and fro less money that Audi quoted.  Brent was very helpful throughout the transaction and Dick (the owner) was involved and kept every promise that they offered.  And did I mention the free carwash-FREE CAR WASH!!  Nothing is free anymore, but this was.  If you want some snooty, anna-be euro charging  you twice the amount that he quotes, DONT GO HERE.  But if you are looking for a truly honest, dependable, community-based shop where they take a true interest in your problem and go the extra mile- GERMAN MOTORS & IMPORTS is the place to go.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,12/8/2012,597,525,19,16,15>It's been about 6 days since I consumed my Carnitas' Snack Shack Pork Sammie, and I still feel like a fat, bloated hog. The Pork Sandwich was my chosen poison for the afternoon. It's really a heart attack nestled between two buns. Three different pork elements are present on this creation: bacon, pulled pork, and a fried pork cutlet. Grease was flooding out of the sandwich after the first bite. Indeed, it was tasty, but I shudder to think of the damage that I inflicted upon myself after consuming that evil beast. I still feel the grease in my system.My lunching companion had the Steak Sandwich. He shared a bite with me, and it, too, was equally delicious. Steak was tender, and the flavor combinations melded harmoniously.The Yelp hysteria brought us to Carnitas' Snack Shack. Certainly, some audacious menu items are being showcased, all the brainchild of someone who is undoubtedly a sick and twisted bastard. You really do sink to new lows when you eat this way. Even I descended into the depths by transforming into a naughty voyeur as I fixed my gaze upon those delicious looking carnitas tacos that scores of individuals were eagerly chomping down on. Those tacos are likely in my future.So, yes, if you want to completely throw your diet away, or if you want to undue about a week's worth of exercise, head on over to this popular little shack. As for me, it will be a few months; I'm still in the recovery process.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,12/7/2012,334,126,24,18,19>I love Do Re Mi House for the cheap prices and large portions of good Korean food. My friend was craving Korean food, so I asked him, "Wanna go to Do Re Mi?" To which he replied, "Fa So La Ti Do?" Clever... *Slow Clap*..  but I guess we'll use his sly reply for this review:Fa:(r) more banchan (side dishes) than most non-DIY.K.BBQ places. I especially love the radish kimchi, fish cakes, spinach, and potatoes with sweet sauce! They're always happy to do as many refills as you wish. So: nice! They open until 10pm on weekends and midnight on the weekends. One time, we were still  eating our meal and lost track of time, realizing that they closed in 5 minutes. We tried to speed up our eating to be courteous and asked for the check, but the owner simply told us to slow down and enjoy our meal. La: La La! They play lots of silly K-Pop videos on their TVs, so there's good entertainment for your company.  "Ti": is served at the end of the meal. Well kind of, it's more like a cold, sweet cinnamon tea! They also do a steamed egg dish at the beginning. Lots of freebies for very reasonable prices. Do:(n't) miss the lunch specials! For about $8-9 bucks, you get all those side dishes, enough food to give you an afternoon food coma, PLUS leftovers.  I recommend the spicy pork, or any of the tofu soups! Do Re Mi Fa So La Ti Do!!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,12/6/2012,53,163,5,12,9>This is one of the restaurants I most frequently go to, and I love the lunch specials here. I've had most of their rice and noodle dishes, in addition to several of their appetizers:Appetizers: (Honestly, I wouldn't recommend their appetizer dishes. Their entrees are substantially larger portioned and taste better in my opinion)Spring rolls: If not for their lunch prices, I would advise against getting this appetizer. The spring roll was okay, but the two times I've had it the rolls were burnt. Pretty much tastes like a Chinese restaurant's egg roll, however.Crispy Tofu / Crispy Tofu and Taro: The Crispy Tofu here is not bad. It's a bit corn starch'd, but the sauce they provide with it is quite good. Their taro was not the best, unfortunately. The taro they had was undercooked, making it taste a bit on the raw side in the middle. If they found a way to overcome that, these would be amazing.Moo Ping: This is a super delicious appetizer, but on the pricier side for the portions that you get. The pork is super juicy and flavorful, but the rice varies. The first time I had it the rice was rock hard. Like, my friend and I couldn't break it apart even with knives and spoons. I asked the waiter, and he just smiled and was like - oh that's how it is! The next time I had it the rice was normal though, similar to a ball of sticky rice.Noodle Soup Dishes: (These noodle soups are not enough to fill you up for dinner, unless you have an extremely small appetite. Seems like a good portion for a snack or for lunch though)Tom Yum Noodle Soup: The flavor of this was quite good! It's pretty much a tom yum soup that they add noodles and meat to. They give an impressive amount of meat, but as the bowl is quite small the noodle portion is on the smaller side. Boat Noodles (Beef): The soup is very flavorful. Once again, a good amount of meat (lots of portions that are generally the unwanted parts of meat), and not quite enough noodles.Curries: (Their curries are fantastic in terms of portion and flavor. They give a large bowl of rice with a large bowl of curry)Thai Green Curry: Their green curry is probably my second favorite curry of their four. It unfortunately tastes a bit watered down, but they give a generous bowl of curry and there are plenty of vegetables and small pieces of meat inside. I personally prefer Japanese / Chinese eggplant over Thai eggplants in the curry, as the thai eggplants fail to absorb much curry flavor. You can, however, have them exchange the thai eggplant for a different item, such as green bell peppers.Thai Karie Curry: This curry is my favorite when they cook it properly. They occasionally undercook the potatoes, making it raw inside. When the potatoes are cooked properly, however, they add an amazing new dimension to it where there's a variety of different flavors and consistencies due to the variation in vegetables. If they do undercook the potatoes, you can tell them and they'll remake it for you. However, since the chef is the same, it is possible that they'll still undercook it once again.Thai Pa-nang Curry: I like that this curry has broccoli, but it doesn't have as much variety in flavor as the other curries.Thai Red Curry: This curry pairs up well with the vegetables, and the basil really stands out in this curry. Wok: (Somewhat similar to a drier curry, works well with the rice as well)Thai Basil: This stir fry was fantastic! There was plenty of flavor, and all the seasoning they put inside work quite well in the sauce.Fried Rice and Noodles: (These are served on a large plate, and is enough for 1.5 meals for a person with a large appetite, and 2 meals for someone with a smaller appetite)Spicy Fried Rice: For the spicy lovers out there, this in medium spiciness is a perfect mesh of flavor and great for feeling the heat. I love that there is plenty of vegetables in this dish.Pad Thai: Their pad thai is one of my favorite dishes here. It's huge in terms of portion, and it works well with chicken or tofu in it. I love the light lemon flavor added in as well, and the peanuts as always add an excellent crunchiness to the dishes.Pad See Ew: I love that it has Chinese broccoli, although they often don't cut their chinese broccoli well enough and it ends up making the vegetable unpleasant with an extra toughness / stringiness in the vegetable. Rad Na: The rad na taste fine, but it would probably be substantially better if it was drier. The flat rice noodles I had were swimming in sauce, and it would probably taste better without the pool of sauce covering the noodles.Pad Kee Mao: The flat rice noodles in this dish work quite well the spices. It's quite similar in flavor to the Thai Basil wok, except in noodle form rather than something used to eat with rice.I mentioned in my previous review a few things to take note of (service, spiciness, etc). I would update that but I'm out of space! (5001 char limit)
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,6/22/2013,352,196,3,6,4>Definitely a fan! The interior is clean and has nice furniture and a nice feel to it. Can seat big groups of 6, a nice family of 4, or a date with your hubby/wife! The menu selection is great. They have specialty rolls, classic rolls, ramen, udon, and chicken bowls. The sashimi is really fresh and the hot tea is yummy. i really can't ask of anything more. Affordable prices, and fresh sushi in East County... LOVE IT.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,6/21/2013,792,572,6,7,6>There's so much to love about D Bar.  Great food, plenty of seating space for date nights or friends gathering, FULL BAR and a welcoming ambiance that had me return back here four times in the last two months.I first went here for happy hour with my gal pals, then returned again to load up on a light dinner before attending the Yelp party down the street.  We also found ourselves back here for an after dinner dessert outing with a buddy of ours and most recently with seven other friends in tow after having dinner at a nearby Thai restaurant.There's basically something for everyone on the menu.  My fiancé loves the banana foster dessert with the fresh waffle.  I love the crue fries since I'm more into savory than sweet (or at least the PMS'ing I go through once a month loves it, lol).In the handful of times we've been here, the food has been consistently tasty, but sometimes the dishes can be a little on the salty side.  The one star I'm lacking in this review is the spotty service that I've noticed.  The last visit had me wondering what was going on with our server. The seating area wasn't at capacity since we did arrive around ten o'clock in the evening, but she was no where to be found when the rest of our group arrived and they were thirsty for adult beverages.  Ten minutes passed without her swinging by our table to get more orders in, so they decided to walk up to the bar and order their drinks themselves, twice.Overall, I'd definitely return back to D Bar for many more visits, but hopefully the quality of service from their staff improves for the better.  Chef Keegan is a nice guy and I noticed that he tends to do his rounds by checking in on guests by introducing himself, but on the last visit, he didn't swing by our table.   Oh well, we'll still return back for more since the wait time for the original San Diego go-to dessert spot, Extraordinary Desserts has crazy wait times on the weekends and D Bar has full bar.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/20/2013,1194,640,4,7,8>I was lucky enough to stumble upon a Groupon for a brewery tast for 2 here for $12. Score. I actually hadn't heard much about Mission Brewery since I moved here, so I was surprised by how tasty the beer was. The tour itself was fun and they provided us with plenty of tasters. Both my date and I really enjoyed every one! Which again, is really surprising. I am a big fan of local breweries but most of the time, a lot of the beers are too hoppy for me and there will be only 1 or 2 that I really like. Like I said, this was different. I'm a fan for sure.  We proceeded to "taste" a couple more pints after the tour as well.Beer aside, I liked the big warehouse space for the brewery and the atmosphere was quite mellow. It also seemed very military, but I won't let that deter me from having a good time! I also liked the theme/logo of the brand...almost convinced the boy to walkaway with a shirt but he decided against it at the last min. That would've been pretty hot though...next time.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,6/19/2013,304,82,7,9,7>Bailiwick, slick little spot.  Spent a few hours in here with my buddy.  We managed to keep ourselves amused.  Nice switch up from usual haunts downtown.  Staff was great.  Never came close to having an empty glass. Ambiance is super chill, rustic modern vibe.  As a mathematics geek and engineering nerd I respected the pully chain system they had set up to flush the long community style tables up onto the wall for night time debauchery.  There is some heated outdoor seating, although small, it is pretty inviting.  Place attracts your typical gaslamp crowd so you're either into that or you are not.  Newsflash studded out true-religions were sited multiple times, hence the amusement that was able to keep my 1 nano-meter sized attention span occupied. FYI There are one billion nm's to a meter. Each nm is only three to five atoms wide (that's 0.000000001m)Menu didn't do anything for me, came around brunch but wasn't hungry, and I'm always hungry..We're livin in that 21st century, we might as well do somethin mean to it. #IWND
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,6/18/2013,246,524,13,4,4>Honey, that Chunky Monkey french toast is neither french, nor toast, but probably made me chunky. It's several slices of pound cake smothered in syrup, carmelized nanners and whipped cream.Breakfast for dessert or dessert for breakfast? Who cares. It's damn tasty.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,6/17/2013,301,120,9,14,11>Pawfect patio and $10.00 bottomless mimosas..my brunchin heaven!Our group of 4 peeps and 3 pups enjoyed a splendid Saturday at Sally & Henry's Doghouse B&G. The staff was friendly and fantastic to humans and canines alike. While we were sipping on some bubbly, the pups made friends with others and explored the yard area complete with a patch of grass.Doggie eggs for $1.50 each..we'll have three! I munched on a yummy breakfast sandwich with eggs, bacon and cheese of choice on wheat, which included a side of crispy hasbrowns. My one and only complaint was the bread was a lot too greasy for my liking, yet I still considered my meal delicious.My favorite sparkling brunch beverage flowing, pups frolicking, and friends chitchatting..perfect way to celebrate a sunny Saturday in San Diego!Sally & Henry's Doghouse Bar & Grill does brunch right!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,6/16/2013,438,269,3,12,9>Hanna's cookies are among the best I have ever had!!  I've tried the flourless chocolate and also the rosemary apricot...both were AMAZING!!  The chocolate is slightly crisp on the outside and super soft and decadent on the inside.  The rich, chocolate flavor is to die for.  The rosemary apricot surprised me.  I'm not usually a rosemary fan, and I thought it would overpower this cookie, but I was wrong!  The hint of rosemary and tartness of the apricot blended really well together.  I usually stop by and pick up up a few of each anytime I'm in the area.  I have yet to try their savory dishes, but I really want to.  It seems like their menu changes often, and my friend raves about it!Bottom line...this is a great local business (Hanna and her husband are super nice and are always there either in the kitchen or storefront) and I highly recommend checking them out!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,6/15/2013,280,432,12,13,15>I had this placed bookmarked because I've read some great things about their coffee.  I can always use a good supplier of roasted beans.  I usually never leave work early because I'm a teacher and I'm usually on campus until 5:30-6, but on this particular day, I left work early to come here.  It felt good to leave early for once.  It was a sunny day and I even thought about heading to the zoo, or even the Humane Society.  So as I started to turn left onto Adams from 35th Street, it happened.  A high speed car chase and my car was clipped on the left front...the car then plowed into a parked truck....they backed up tried to go and then they just both got out and ran.  I felt like those people on "Caught on Camera" who are victims of high speed car chases.cbs8.com/story/21539656/…She (on phone): Where are you?Me: I just got into an accident.She: You're jokingMe: No really, can't you hear the sirensShe: I'm coming overBy the time Yo got there, the police told me I could go.  I saw her coming down Adams, so I called her and pulled out in front of her.She: Where are you going?Me: Dark Horse for coffee.She: What????Me: Just follow me.Not even an accident was going to keep me from getting some coffee.  I needed it for the next day.  They had three kinds: Brazil, Sumatra, and El Salvador.  I grabbed a pound each of the Brazil and El Sal.  Asked the friendly worker to grind it for me and the smell of fresh ground beans was amazing!  I was going to pay, but Yo told me she had it covered.She: After what just happened, you need something good to balance it.And she was right!  I brewed the Brazil this morning and it was delicious.  So I am now a big fan of Dark Horse and I'll have a tall story to tell whenever anyone asks how I found this place.  The interior is a little small, but it's all about the coffee!
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,6/14/2013,75,368,5,5,5>Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! whoops! It is amazing for brunch. I've been for lunch once, and it was good, but for brunch it is phenomenal!  The coast toast is seriously life-alteringly good. I am obsessed. The cove combo (or something) is huge, and can come with 1 piece of coast toast, eggs, and meat :) Amazing and super filling. The lattes are also very tasty, and pretty (see pic). The only thing is DON'T SIT OUTSIDE DURING TIMES WHEN THE SEAL POOP REEKS! This might seem obvious, but the smell really can get horrible, so I recommend sitting on the inside patio. You get all of the view with no smell.  Or coming during a time of year when the smell isn't noticeable, and then sitting outside. We came a few weeks ago after the rain, and the smell was nauseating.  However, sitting inside was lovely, so I recommend that.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,6/13/2013,213,679,6,12,9>Thank you, fellow Yelpers, for recommending Pomegranate!!  We loved it -- the atmosphere, the food, the piano player and the evening.The two Russian guys are the owners.  They orient you on the menu, take your order, and then drop by later to see how everything was.  The servers then hustle the food and bus the table.My wife had a cup of borscht and loved it.  I had the two kinds of beet salad.  They were terrific.We then split a plate of vareniki -- warm potato dumplings served with sour cream and bits of fried onion.  They were surprisingly good for white cheese in a white dumpling wrapper topped with white sour cream.The star of the evening were the lamb shashlik.  We split an order and still brought part of it home.  The shashlik were marinated in some sort of liquid magic and then grilled out front of the restaurant.  They were served on rice with a salad of of sweet red peppers and accompanied by thinly sliced marinated onions.  They were fabulous.Did I mention the piano player?I loved this food.  Really flavorful  Different.  And absolutely worth driving across town for.  We'll be back.  Next time I want to try the khachapuri.  I let myself be dissuaded by the size of the portion. Note:  the dishes are clearly meant to be shared.  Don't over order.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2008,1/31/2009,65,81,6,9,7>I've got a soft spot in my heart for Mariscos. Every time I dine in, my friends and I seem to be the only ones in the entire place. But that's great for us! Because the owner lets us have full reign of their television screen. But I would rather see this place filled with other patrons, just so I know they aren't struggling as much as the grapevine says. The owners have recently changed, and the people who now work here are such sweet individuals. We are somewhat regulars now, and they always have a hunch as to what we are going to order, and have our drinks out right after we site down at our usual table. The salsa they serve with their chips is obviously made in house, and delicious. Filled with cilantro, onions, fresh tomatoes, and just the right amount of spices...it is perfect. If I could buy a pint for myself to bring home, I would. I need to make a note and ask if I could actually do that the next time I am in. Their Pollo Asado burrito is also great. The marinade they used for their chicken wasn't too salty, which is normally the case at most restaurants, and came with a roasted salsa and fresh avocado inside. Very satisfying indeed. However, the real deal here is their $0.99 fish tacos! Each and every night (for who knows how much longer) they are serving their perfectly fried mahi mahi fish tacos for just one Washington. They're not tiny little things either.  The fish inside is pretty large, and topped with red cabbage and an interesting mango salsa, two would fill any person up.Forget Taco Tuesdays in PB. It's a taco day every day here. And for you beer connoisseurs, leave the Corona's for another night and go for the Negra Modelo (they're actually owned by the same company, but that's a story for another time). So please, take some time and give this mom and pop shop a try. I can gurantee you will leave satisfied.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/7/2008,1/30/2009,314,412,19,15,16>What happens when the ice skating rink at Horton has an inch layer of water over it? You come to Yard House.So instead we decided to come here for a few drinks.Lindeman's Frambroise. YumGetting beer spilled onto my jeans after Jay knocks his drink over with the menu. Fail.The bartender immediately got another drink.And some other guy brought out some towels and wiped the mess Jay made.Unfortunately my jeans were still wet.People cheered while watching the Dallas and Steelers game. They had 4 TVs on one side of the bar with 3 games on, pretty cool.I don't think I'd ever drink half a yard of alcohol, but the glasses look nice.I'll have to try the food sometime.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,1/29/2009,171,62,35,22,23>On our way home from Citizen Video, I spotted a large sign that read:  "Homemade Cupcakes.""HOMEMADE CUPCAKES?!?"  I yelled.  "PULL OVER!"  Tires screeched and smoked as we came to a dramatic and halting stop in the middle of the street.  I sprinted in at top speed and, gasping for breath, asked hopefully, "Do you really have HOMEMADE CUPCAKES?"  A kindly woman smiled at me, "Indeed we do.  I was just frosting up some red velvet HOMEMADE CUPCAKES.  Would you like one?""Make it two! Two HOMEMADE CUPCAKES!" I squealed enthusiastically.Seven dollars later I was chomping down 1 and 1/2 of the best damn HOMEMADE CUPCAKES I ever tasted (I let my companion have only one half of a cupcake.  Begrudgingly).  I don't know about their ice cream, but hot damn! those are some fine HOMEMADE CUPCAKES.HOMEMADE CUPCAKES HOMEMADE CUPCAKES HOMEMADE CUPCAKES.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/28/2009,246,264,11,14,16>My BFF Ellen K. and I had a wonderful time here on the first day of Restaurant week.  We had the pear salad, and the crab cakes were exceptional...we both agreed it was the best we've ever had...they were not heavily breaded as crab cakes usually are...it was mostly sweet lumps of crab....our two fish entrees were also excellent...I ordered the curry fish with eggplant and rock shrimp and I was expecting a stew and was pleasantly surprised that it was a filet of fish with a light curry sauce underneath...the curry was not overpowering at all, which made the fish enjoyable and did not drown out the flavors of the shrimp or the eggplant...yummy...delish!We actually got more choices than what was on the restaurant week selection.  They also extended restaurant week until the following week, Wednesday...The service was absolutely impeccable...our waitress Sonja suggested a limestone chardonnay which Ellen really enjoyed and explained that restaurant week was a "celebration of restaurants" which we were delighted to hear...Sonja even helped us out with our request to make sure that our desserts came out in a timely fashion for Ellen to get to work on time...The desserts were impressive...there were about 6 of them; all made out of girl scout cookies...and made fresh the day of.  We ordered the dulche de leche ice cream with Samosa cookies, and the Thin Mint Brownie...so happy!  The girl scout cookie desserts make for wonderful memories...I'll always remember our dinner whenever I see a Thin Mint! :)
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,1/27/2009,587,1463,16,12,11>I like it. A lot. Is it better than Luigi's or the Bronx ? All that I'm going to say is that its different. In a good way. Bronx and Luigis does not offer the thick crust, which I do want sometimes. I mainly go for the thin slices though. Trying to decide between these three great pizza joints is like asking me me who I would rather go out on a date with.Scarlett Johannsen, Jessica Alba, or Jennifer Love Hewitt. Its a tough choice.If you blindfolded me, spun me around 20 times and just had me reach out and grab one, I would be happy with whatever I came up with. That last statement applies to both pizza and the women.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,1/26/2009,433,349,20,19,20>i am no longer a Virgin. Pho Virgin that is ... thanks to several of the nicest Yelpers and +1 (well, +2) ever! seriously ... Pho Ca Dao is my first vietnamese food experience even though I lived in Mira Mesa for many years before moving. I never got to experience this delicious "comfort" food (yes, jay and dale) until today. I am hooked. I have one eye open while typing this because i am so full and well.. full. Although the experienced Pho eaters tried to tempt me with their orders of blood or tripe or tendon or whatever delicacies their soup was to have, I settled for one less authentic (?) yet safe for my first feast. Cooked steak with noodles and omg omg omg it was soo good. I was impressed with #1 the size of the restaurant #2 the fast service #3 the ongoing customer service for refilling water, etc #4 the delicious and generous portions. I will be back and may even venture in by myself... The prices were very reasonable. Warren and his lovely wife treated me for my first pho .. mmm what else can i say I have never tried. hahaSeriously though this small group who accompanied me today to break my pho cherry (ode to Marisol) were the sweetest group ever and I appreciate their tolerance of me and that i was not as talkative as usual because i was shoveling chop stick full after spoon full after chop stick full of delicious food while trying to stay in the conversation.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/25/2009,1800,266,22,26,24>So Ive been here 17.5 times since my initial review and apparently have been slacking at chronicling my visits.Ive gone to Rommy every time and she is AMAAAAAAAAAZING.She speaks great English (ha) and is too too funny, not to mention she has the cutest dog ever, I suggest you request pics.She does the best nails and toes in the world. Pretty rad with her old school ways not using the drill because let me tell you, after you murder your nail beds yanking your acrylics off like I do, a coarse file is agony enough.If youve read my reviews for a while youll remember me whacking my toe right before my San Fransisco trip in October to the point where I could wear shoes, yeah, it was lame. We my toe nail fell off a month or so ago and Ive been waiting to see if anything attractive can be made of it. Since its about halfway grown back out Rommy did acrylic magic and made it look brand new like a regular toe nail. Sweet.You can always bet on interesting convo too, not for the faint of heart, but thats what makes it fun. And of course its pleasant to poke fun at the other people who come in for various reasons as you can always assume theyre poking fun right back.When I was there the other day there was this annoying as HELL Yankee (someone from North-ish East Coast) hammering on and on about the stupidest crap in his ear piercing accent. I wanted to hit him when he was loudly protesting about how great tippers New Yorkers are band blahblahblah whatever loudmouth blahblahblah. I really have to learn to tune people out.Anyways...if you want beautiful toes and hands to look at while youre typing up your excellent Yelp reviews, I highly suggest you go to Mingle and see my girl Rommy.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2008,1/24/2009,727,281,14,15,14>Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder! Currant is one of only a handful of places in San Diego that carries absynthe. What's more fun than going to dinner with a group of friends, and finishing off your fantastic meal with some flaming 120 proof alcohol? (Answer is: NOTHING!) In addition to the Sofia Hotel which it is cozily tucked into, Currant is one of San Diego's best-kept secrets. The restaurant is gorgeous--black and white themed French decor, sparkling chandeliers, cozy booths. The wine list is extensive, and each night the manager creates a list of bottled wines that are half off their list price. No happy hour needed, this special runs all night. The menu is extensive and has a few very unique items. Also, it offers something for everyone. Vegetarian? No problem--try the pumpkin ravioli. Meat lover? How about a filet? Not famished quite enough for a full entree? Try any of their amazing appetizers....(Highly recommend the calamari and shrimp, and the ahi tartare.) At my table we tried all of the following:"Popcorn of the Moment" which  was a truffle and shaved parmesan mixture of salty and savory goodness. I actually struggled with the desire to swat away my friend's hands so that I could eat it all myself. It was THAT good, and for $3 each, you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't order it. Calamari and shrimp appetizer: Cooked in a mild tomato broth with capers, fried shallots and zucchini, this could easily have been an entree for one person. Generous portions, the calamari and shrimp were perfectly cooked. Next time I go, I will probably order this as my main event, it was wonderful.Ahi tartare: Perfect cylinder of chilled fresh ahi chunks mixed with olive tapenade over micro greens. This had a definite spicy kick to it, whether it was from the whole grain mustard or some other secret ingredient like a hidden wasabi. My table of 4 loved it, but it's not something one should order if they are on a low-sodium diet.Sea Scallops with bacon and white truffle essense: YUM! Perfectly seared, not rubbery at all, with a sauce that brought complementing flavors together in a way that made you tilt your head and go "hmmm, I wonder what that is." Turns out it is a hazelnut vinegarette. Interesting combination, party in my mouth. Five onion soup: beautifully presented in a little cauldron, it was hearty and warm and full of onions, bits of beef shortribs, and truffles. This was a hit with all 4 of us, and there may or may not have been a bit of bowl scraping towards the end. But politely, as we are ladies with manners. :)Grilled salmon with lemon risotto: Lemon and fish go together like two peas in a pod, the risotto was fluffy and you could really taste the fresh lemon (zest, perhaps?) The glaze over the salmon was a tarragon vinegarette, and paired well with the risotto. Being a former bartender and server, I am a tough critic when it comes to service. Immediately after being seated, we were offered water--still or sparkling, or tap. My group of friends like to save our money for what's really important--wine--, so we opted for a bottle of tap water. In some places servers kind of sneer at you when you ask for tap water, but ours didn't bat an eye, and brought it out with a smile (with lemon--we may be cheap but we are still high maintenance!) She was the perfect mix of attentiveness and discreet, as no one likes to be hovered over while they are eating. We never had to wait for empty dishes to be cleared or someone to bring something out that we had asked for; service at Currant is comparable to any fine dining establishment you will find anywhere. Dessert was a variety of holiday cookies and caramel pinwheels, which were scarfed up relatively immediately, even by those of us who had begged off dessert initially because we were too full. (Guilty.)The absinthe service following dinner was one of the more entertaining things I have done in San Diego. As a sucker for all things New and Exciting, I thoroughly enjoyed the ceremonious way the absinthe is prepared and then drunk. First, you get a large pitcher of water set in the middle of your table with little spouts. Then the bartender comes over with glasses, and pours a shot into your glass, over a slotted spoon holding a sugar cube. Then he lights it on fire (Yaaaay pyromania!) and you pour water over the sugar cube to dilute the alcohol. Then you drink it, and relax into a warm and fuzzy state similar to a really great wine buzz. (Which, to be perfectly honest, we may have already had and then expanded on.) Absinthe tastes like black licorice, similar to Ouzo. If you like black licorice, you will love absinthe. And if you don't, well, more for me. Currant serves breakfast (brunch anyone?), lunch and dinner daily. It's a great place to bring friends, perfect for showing off how posh San Diego can be to people you want to impress, and two thumbs up for an overall fun time and wonderful food.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2008,1/23/2009,289,107,17,18,18>The Ruby Room is a bar defining itself--and so far, it's speaking my language. --Great local bands/DJs--Local art on the walls--STIFF drinks... if nothing else in my evening is gonna be, then at least my drinks are ;)--Wooden dance floor, decent sound system, pool tables and old school video games! --Raised seating overlooking the bar--Drunken Tarot?! (Ok, haven't done this yet... but have a feeling I will)Downside, if any, is that the bartenders tend to be a bit gruff... but hey, I'll pay for what they're dishing out. And good luck finding street parking in HC :pBut the bands are hot and the crowd is chill... So my rose-tinted glasses are tipped to Ruby Room!
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2008,1/21/2009,66,23,38,22,24>Sometimes you need to make a purchase and the thing you need to buy is only available at F Street. Well if the mountain won't come to you, then you're just going to need to go to the mountain.I have three words for you: HITACHI MAGIC WANDLadies if you don't know what I'm talking about, you need to get off of Yelp and find out, right now, this very second. Any ladies that do know the meaning of these three magical words are probably not going to be reading Yelp. Because if you new about the HMW you wouldn't be bothering with awkward dates in Yelped restaurants, steamy nights flirting with guys at dive bars or sitting through foreign movies. If men knew the true power of the HMW, it would be illegal!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,7/10/2011,152,31,10,17,12>I have issues...  Specifically, I have some kind of phobia which requires me to have more than one car at all times because I'm always afraid I'll be stuck without one.  Of course, this then means 2X the costs, 2X the maintenance, 2X the insurance, etc.This being the case, it's very important for me to find a good mechanic who can keep both vehicles going while keeping costs down and getting my car back to me quickly.Trust Auto Repair is that kind of place.  Even more so, it's the kind of place that you could refer to when you say "my mechanic" or "I have a guy who could fix that!".  It's the sort of shop where you could imagine folks have had their 1st new car worked on and still have it worked at today now that their child is driving it.I've found their pricing to be very reasonable and have always been surprised by how quickly they get my car back to me.  So far I've always gotten my car back to me the next day even when I've dropped it off at lunchtime the day before and the shop looked really busy.If you're in the East County and still looking for that reliable local mechanic to work on your cars, consider giving the folks at Trust Auto Repair a try.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,7/9/2011,413,327,11,7,6>If Lincoln Room was a girl I would propose. Hands down. I love this place. Holy crap, the turkey burger was probably the best I've had in my adult memory (childhood turkey burgers don't count, everything tasted good back then), and it was only $6! I wish I could just keep ordering turkey burgers over and over again until I start growing feathers and penciling in a visit from the pilgrims for Thanksgiving each year.The food stands alone in its class of flavor, and the decor of the Lincoln Room is just as enticing. Not a single detail was left unincorporated in carrying the theme of all things Lincoln. The bar and booth tabletops are covered in pennies (and there are a few secret ones you may or may not catch), the walls are swathed in Lincoln logs with a smattering of vintage signage here and there and a mask of the old man himself sits on the bar shelf, staring honestly at us patrons from the future.The staff was incredibly friendly and our server clearly knew the menu well, helping us all choose the right items for our appetites. I think we can all guess what she convinced me to eat. Hint: Benjamin Franklin wanted to make it the national bird, but two crisp halves of a kaiser bun had different plans.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,7/7/2011,167,176,9,28,22>I came back for the destruction of my dead/split ends. This time I had Lana as my stylist and I am sorry, Nikki, I have to say that Lana is better :)I feel that she actually cares about your hair and tries to do her best. I told her I had the puffy/frizzy asian hair. So she didn't cut any layer so that I won't have an straight afro after the cut. She took her time and at the end, she styled my hair even though I just asked for a blow dry. She said the cut  is more obvious this way!Something that I don't like about this place is that they always speak in their own language and they are on the phone when they are doing your hair (not Lana, just Hannah who was working on Brandy C.'s hair.)But...I mean...if you want someone who serve you water/tea and gives you  undivided attention, then pay $60 for a haircut.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,7/6/2011,280,181,18,17,18>I don't eat as much MEAT as I used to but Rocky's sure hit the spot for a damn good burger. My co-workers were shocked that I hadn't been here, so they were more than happy to "pop my cherry" (their words, not mine).It wasn't very busy when we went in on a weekday for lunch. Everyone ordered the Lunch Special for $9.75 - 1/3lb burger, fries, and a drink. The wait was a bit long considering it wasn't busy and they were only cooking burgers and fries. But when the food did come out, we pretty much inhaled everything. The banana peppers on the table are a must with the burgers. I was pretty full off of my burger, so I still had about half of my fries left over. Next time I'll just order a burger and mooch off of my neighbor. Kthxinadvance :DService is so-so since you have to order at the bar, but do keep in mind that this isn't your average restaurant, it's a pub!! I'll be back when I've got another hankering for a burger and beer.. Mmm...
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,7/5/2011,333,220,12,15,13>Please humor me.....Woke up and immediately made some coffee...I hate you 6 AM!  Sleepily, I went through the "morning routine" pouring a bowl of grape-nuts cereal topped w/strawberries, brown sugar and skim milk.Munch, crunch, munch, munch.  LOL-It was unclear which noise was louder???  My munching OR the dog (mixed lab) whose tail continually banged against the wall as he watched me enjoy my breakfast.Took a long sip of black coffee and dazed out the window at the cold, uninviting morning.  HMMMMM, something was different about today but I couldn't quite place what is was?  To avoid traffic I quickly took my Centrum Silver daily vitamin, touched up my locks with a dash of Just for Men, rubbed some Bengay on my achy joints, put on my orthopedic shoes and carefully walked to my Volvo.I KNOW, IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  HAPPY BIRTHDAY ME!!!!!The coolest thing on this "ceremonial day" is THE BIRTHDAY DINNER OF COURSE! This year it was the  Samurai Japanese Restaurant tucked in the Ross shopping plaza off Loma Santa Fe. THE BREAKDOWN:*Sashimi:Hamachi and Albacore.....so fresh I had to make sure it wasn't still swimming (best so far in North County)!*Teriyaki Chicken:So tender and absolutely delish!*Steak/Prawn Combo:Beautiful cuts of beef and perfectly cooked prawns!*Samurai roll:  Spicy tuna, yellowtail, crunches and fresh tuna on top*All meals came with miso soup, salad (with crazy-awesome dressing), mixed veggies, rice and tasty dipping sauces.The chef was very kind.  He entertained all of us while he cooked up our yummy eats (giving everyone extra tastes as he worked through the courses).  He even had the foresight to cook the Teriyaki chicken FIRST as someone in our party is allergic to shellfish....nicely placed sir, nicely placed!It was a wonderful night out and truly a great birthday.  So, if you're in Solana Beach with a "warriors appetite" I suggest you stop in this 3rd generation gem, you will not be disappointed.I give this place 9 " Samurai Warriors" out of 10
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,7/4/2011,314,412,20,14,10>Ruond 2?: Stop number 4...Different vibe this past Saturday night, maybe I was spoiled by the music they were playing at Thin...Accidentally snuck in a bottle of water...I had to go outside to answer a phone call and, the security guard joked how I snuck it in past him the first time...whoops. He's cool.Some guy touched my arm when I was on the phone asking if I was alright.. "I'm on the phone."There was this older white lady there dancing like there was no tomorrow(considering her age, there might have been). Awkward. Everyone was just like WTH.Danced a little, but my feet were tired and we were all growing weary.We bounced.Told security he could go downstairs to see the lady dance. "No thanks" hahaStop number 5 of the night, after Tajima, small bar, las hadas, and star bar, we decided to get down and boogie, since tipsy crow was "busy" we opted for star bar then the idea of red c came to mind. No cover, cheap drinks, good music?Having never been there before, or out in downtown that late, ever. I didn't know what to expect."do you like black guys?" My friend asked. Lol what? Upon entering red c I understood what she meant. I turned around and left. Lol just kidding. No biggie, as long as they aren't creeptastic, it's all good in the neighborhood.Anyways we were there to have fun, downed a cape cod because I didn't want to dance with a drink in my hand. My tiny little bladder can only endure so much. Problem: one stall for women, and who ever went before me hella stunk up the bathroom. Ew. Music was good, got our groove on, closed down red c. Other than that it was fun, we met a park ranger and a paramedic. Good times. I'll see you soon red c, but with an air freshener in my purse.This isn't Vegas, don't expect much, just have fun, come casual and leave the drama at home.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,7/3/2011,597,654,9,15,13>Classier and more refined than it's sister ship in Manila Mesa. And roughly half the size of the other joint. The food is fantastic and the portions are more generous also. Service is efficient (your lime flavored ice water is constantly being refilled) and speed of food delivery is top gear. Pho typcally arrives at your table no more than 4 minutes after ordering (which is done by PDA and stylus, not a pad of paper). If it takes longer, you probably pissed off the waiter. This establishment is an outstanding value. Parking is abundant and this joint is located right off the 15 fwy. It will fill you up while not emptying out your wallet. A fine alternative to greasy fast food or microwaved leftovers.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,7/2/2011,371,261,26,22,19>I was walking through the neighborhood yesterday, and passed by Tam's.  Tammy was outside and excitedly called me over."Hanny!  You see me!  I expand!"Wow, really?"Yea, baybee!  It gonna be big!  We gonna haf karaoke!  I try to get beer an' wine!  So good, hanny!"Cool!  Maybe I'll hang out a little longer than usual now."Tell yoah fran, baybee!  Tell dem Tammy heah!  We gonna haf fan, hanny!"So, friends.  Tam's is expanding!  That means you can actually hang out in the shop without feeling like you're in someone's living room!Some may argue that the cramped quarters is part of the appeal of Tam's.  That might be true, but it's also a detriment due to the fact that most people usually pass her by, not knowing that there's some good food in beyond those doors.They're tearing down walls and putting up new ones with the quickness, so keep on the lookout for the new expanded Tam's in the next couple of weeks.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,7/1/2011,853,525,17,26,21>I had the pleasure of staying here with Wifey for a couple of days.It was a scheduled c-section and a quick twenty minutes from the spinal anesthetic to screaming newborn.The doctors and nurses were fantastic and the cafeteria food wasn't as bad as I imagined.I'm so glad that all the recovery rooms are private. No shared rooms with other patients, which is super awesome! They provide a little cot for the daddies to catch some shuteye. It's not exactly the most luxurious mattress, but it sure beats trying to curl up in a chair.If I was preggers and needed a top notch hospital to help me deliver my child, then I'd choose Scripps Memorial.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,6/30/2011,2030,893,14,21,20>I think Fletcher Cove is overlooked by a lot of folks in San Diego. You'll find more locals frequenting this cool spot than you will tourists. Really, they don't know what they're missing out on because it's rarely busy like the nearby beaches. Maybe I just let the secret out...whoops! The parking lot is pretty small and likely to be full but the parking lot across the street is where I usually find a spot. The bathrooms are pretty clean and well stocked--and even well lit when the sun goes down. If you're a cyclists, it's nice to know where these bathrooms are because they come in handy when you're on the road. There is also a small playground and grassy area where you can allow the kids or 4-legged babies to run around. Overall, a small, clean and safe area to bring the family.I've never gotten in the water here after the fatal shark attack here a few years back but there are still a lot of swimmers and surfers out here. As with every beach, enter at your own risk.If you want to check this beach out, I suggest hitting up Hideaway Cafe ( yelp.com/biz/hideaway-ca… ) which is right across the street behind the parking lot and then heading out to Fletcher Cove and walk off breakfast on the beach.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,12/9/2010,61,205,6,11,12>The owner contacted me after I posted my review, thanking me and letting me know that I could request they turn up the grill. They keep it on the lower side to avoid flames flying up and burning patrons. Probably a smart thing, but next time, I'll be sure to request that they turn up the heat if it's on the low side. I thought it was nice for him to contact me and appreciate that he takes patrons' opinions into consideration. Big ups!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,12/8/2010,135,166,10,13,10>Holy effen sh*t. I would never have thought I would ever say this but Rancho Bernardo just got a lot cooler.  If you are in the land of retired old folk and wanna be soccer moms. There is now a really great place for you to retreat. It is called Urge.If you are ever feeling the 'urge' for a good brew and grub, you have to come here. The location is a little wonky in a strip mall but the decor is dark and cozy. The bar area is really cool. The only weird thing I observed was for a new restaurant it seemed 'lived in' already.  Our table in the bar area was already slanted, I felt like my beer was going to slide off the table.  not enough to knock off a star.  Their beer list is pretty good. it is pretty standard when it comes to craft beer bars. Not quite sure how often they change their taps but most selections were in season.  A really cool feature my friend liked was that they serve 'tastes' most beers are $2 for what I reckon is a 4 oz. taster of beer. Good for the indecisive and girls who want to drink beer but can't take a whole pint in one sitting (not me, I swear). My friend and I got appetizers. We got the Beet salad and the Rarebit (bread with awesome cheese sauce and a touch of Worchester). Both were delicious and great pub fare... gastropub fare.  I will definately be going back to try some of their entrees. I urge you all to get there right away! Or maybe not, it is sort of a trek. I am just glad I dont have to go to TGI Fridays anymore. PS the place stops serving alcohol around 11:30. not going to be the late night out, but then again you are in Rancho Bernardo so maybe it is late for them.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,12/7/2010,226,488,21,21,17>As part of my genetic blessings, I have a pair of giant ta-tas.  Look at all the women on my mom's side and you will understand why (plus, my dad's side doesn't exactly have mosquito bites either).  I have recently gotten into running and my sports bra needed replacing.  I want to try and defy gravity for as long as possible, so I decided to hit up the professionals for a good one.  Finding anything, especially a sports bra, in my size is often an ordeal.I did not intend to get fitted, but when I asked for something in my size, I think the bra lady wanted to laugh at me.  She promptly got me a fitter named Amber.  If you see a cute girl with red hair, ask for her.  Amber took me in and as soon as I took off my shirt, she was able to tell me the brand and make of my bra.  I was hooked on her schtick.  She knows her stuff.  On top of that, she was very friendly, made the experience pleasant, and taught me some things I did not know.I was able to get the sports bra and ordered a second one (they only had one in the store).  I also got 2 new bras.  Ladies, be prepared because they are not cheap.  Granted, undergarments are the foundation of looking good in clothing and I feel like they will last if I take care of them (handwashing them).  Plus, these are beautiful...lacy, filly, very feminine, which is unheard of if you have ginormous cans.  So this is a bonus.  There is a range of colors and designs that you do not often find in my size (they tend to look more like my grandma's bras than what one at my age should be wearing).  I wore my new lacy bra all day yesterday and it felt like second skin.  It was perfect.  The other good thing is that they do alterations when it starts to stretch, so you can have the bras last longer and Amber offered her card to me as my personal fitter.  I am a convert now.Bottom line is I would do again in a heartbeat.  I have never had such good customer service.  Ladies, do this!  It is worth it.  You will feel hot.ALSO...to those who are prudes and have issues with someone assisting you with your bra fitting...either get over it or don't do it.  They have to touch you and look at you a little bit make it fit properly.  Get it??
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,12/6/2010,281,330,20,16,16>"And then the lesbian threw a drink in my face," said a man with a British accent to his friend. That's the first thing I heard upon walking in the door on my last visit to Live Wire. I shook the confused man's hand and thanked him for a proper welcome.Naugahyde booths, dark corners, a pool table, jukebox, a video game (a shotgun hunting game as of Jan '10), dirty bathrooms. And of course, good and cheap drinks (featuring an impressive tap selection that can hold its own against most craft beer-houses in town), with cool bartenders, in a space completely free of any airs or pretensions. This is what a dive bar makes.They have special happy hours sponsored by a local brewery roughly every month. If you get there early enough (thankfully I work from home and live 4 blocks away!) you can get a commemorative pint glass.This is a dive bar that surely has seen its share of people from hippie to hipster come and go over the years. Yet it refuses to lose its soul and sell out to any one of the ephemeral cultural fads of its clientele. It's the United Nations of bars, welcoming anyone with a few dollars and at least twenty-one trips around the sun under their belt.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,12/5/2010,67,96,22,16,10>I've put off writing this review but its unfair to keep him to myself, since I rarely have the money for a massage...AKIRA AKIRA AKIRA!!Ahh so adorable proper Japanese boy.. If people don't know yet, the Japanese do many many things better than Americans, and Akira is Amazing. The whole "Massage Envy" is super annoying, they were having a special which is the only reason I went, but I did request this Akira too. I was in extreme pain when I went in (holy crap I'm 27 - I should NOT have so much back pain!) and I could hardly lay still on my stomach because of it shooting down my back.. The angel walked in and melted it away with his beautiful yellow magic... ahhh I wish he was touching me right now...Ah! Cold shower time!
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,12/4/2010,268,504,5,8,7>I returned for dinner, so I've tried all three meals between wnl and pk, and I think it merits an upgrade now.Cocktail: London Burning. This  was a highlight:  Gin and a powerful jolt of jalapeno that's cut with lime and blended avocado, giving the drink an opaque color and creamy texture to counter to the heat.  Amazing.Appetizer: Ahi cruda. Here's another fine example of wnl offering a menu item you've probably eaten many times over, but never quite like this.  Two small piles of thin sliced tuna are laced heavily with citrus and lightly with habanero. Restraint is always the watchword for use of habanero, and it was obeyed here.Salad: Farm greens.   The wnl bold balsamic vinegar makes another appearance, its acidity tempered by the sweetness of the pears and the fat of the goat cheese, all tossed with a generous handful of roasted hazelnuts for texture. The greens get overshadowed, but who cares?Entree: Sous Vide chicken with vegetables.  Another "wow," as the chicken's natural flavor is turned up to eleven and carries all of it moisture intact.  The only problem: the accompanying vegetables (carrots, parsnips, squash) were better still, some of the best I've ever eaten. The preparation beings out all the nuances of their flavors, by turns sweet, earthy, and dense. Dessert: Butterscotch Budino.  My last visit showed wnl makes killer desserts, but even with my expectations raised the budino coasted right past them. Light, rich, salty, sweet. Again paired with cookies that cleanse the palate; this a dish of flavors and textures that from the  menu description you might expect to compete for your attention.   Instead they mesh together perfectly.  That's wnl in a nutshell.So let's tally the damage here.  Three dishes that are among the best in class, and another two that were merely terrific. The service is equal to to the food (and has a good memory).  wnl is scary good.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,12/2/2010,667,299,9,14,10>If your tired of the over hyped over crowded rib joint Phil's this is the spot to relocate that hunger.Saw it advertised on yelp so I figured it had to be good right.Not too much to the menu pretty much brisket,ribs,sandwiches,& sides like greens/baked beans. It was four of us when I ordered the rib meal w/2 large sides for $25.99 & their was enough for left over for 3rds or 4ths. PLENTY of food to go around & it doesn't hurt that the food is actually cooked outside in a smoker,the peach cobbler was decent too.Give it a try especially if your in the area & not in the mood to wait in a 30 min line for 'oven cooked' meat.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,12/1/2010,444,406,10,15,13>11:45-  to be continued... because the confit duck wings was so delicious I am going to bed now with a smile on my face =)3/26: I went here last night 3/25 with my buddy Chea. I knew they had a food menu from my first visit here on a busy Friday night last week. I walked over to the corner and duh there's a sign that says Food * Drink. I was in chill mode and didn't feel like going any where crazy. We both sat at the bar and Jack the bartender who looks 12 years old greeted us and entertained us most of the time about the restaurant, music, everything else in between, and how to prepare the duck wings! Shoot you better know your stuff. =P We ordered the seasoned fries, duck wings, and gourmet mac. I like them all! Even the house made sauces and the cucumber dip that went with the wings. That's all we ordered, but I would love to come again and try out their specialty drinks and other edible yummy items I saw on the menu. Other than that I really like the vibe, music, and that you can drink a beer out of a brown bag... so sexy.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,11/30/2010,242,154,38,14,15>[sob story= "age 11"]When I was in sixth grade, I was a HUGE loser. I had like, one friend in school, and even she didn't really like me, 'cause I was a really weird kid. Like one time I scratched my eye ball with a paper towel roll because I was looking through it like a telescope and it got infected and turned green so she stopped being my friend for like, a month. Rude, right? Especially since my eye looked like a monster eyeball, and who doesn't want to be friends with someone who has a monster eyeball? Right?ANYWAY when we went to sixth grade camp we had to write on a paper the one person we wanted to share a cabin with and I wrote her name but she didn't write my name and so I ended up in a cabin with nobody I knew and I was super sad.[/sobstory]I checked out Station Tavern & Beer a few days ago before heading over to Hamilton's, and was totally impressed. They have super tasty food, from their burgers and tots to a fresh salad and sweet potato fries. The price was pretty unbeatable, and the service was great (perfect ratio of attentiveness:friendliness). The back patio has a very sixth grade camp-y feeling to it, with wooden benches, stringed lights, lanterns, and even a sand box. In fact, while eating my grilled cheese and tots on a bench, it felt EXACTLY like 6th grade campEXCEPT I WAS SURROUNDED BY FRIENDS AND DRINKING A BEER CAUSE I AM FUCKING AWESOME NOW, DICKFACES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2010,11/28/2010,40,114,12,14,10>The desserts remain extraordinary, but this location yeilds serious gripe...Both times we've been to this ED, the crowd is out of control and it's strictly due to the confused set-up at the front.  1. Everyone wants to see the desserts, and you can hardly blame them, as there are no photographs on the menus.  A few photo menus at the front would be *epic* and save everyone from wandering around aimlessly, bumping into each other and weilding their heads to read the tiny signs that post the names of each treat.2. We left our name at the podium for the 1/2 hour wait.  Their idea of calling our name was to call out from the podium to the whole noisy crowd. There is a microphone at that podium that they don't even use. You can't hear your name, so then they give up and call the next name. Unless you stand right AT the podium, while getting bombarded by newcomers giving their names, you will NOT hear your name or get a seat. Yet it's not possible for everyone to stand there.  Why is that microphone even there?  They could not be bothered to remember what you look like, span the room with their eyes to call out to you, or...I don't know....MOVE from the podium to the crowd to call you?3. There is nothing to designate a line for the register.  If you want to order to go, you have to ask all the lookie-loos on the right side if they are in line or if they are just looking at desserts.  Why not put up one of those 4 ft velvet rope barriers to section off the take-out customers? It's very disorganized.4. Their coffee is not really coffee, it's espresso...or, we were told it's regular coffee brewed like espresso.  Not everyone likes espresso, so they should tell you that before you fork out the ridiculous $3.50 per cup. And it's a tiny cup, to boot. NO FREE REFILLS ON COFFEE, either. It's a rip-off from beginning to end.They just don't seem to care much about their customers, which is a shame. Maybe they're doing so well, they don't care. I've seen people walk out before getting anything because they didn't want to deal with it.  Getting a tasty treat should not feel like the Filenes Basement wedding dress sale.  I came pretty close to pushing a rude lady who kept jamming her purse into my rib.  Watch'yoself!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2006,12/25/2006,62,138,1,3,2>Pre-addendum: I haven't been to Phil's in about a year, and I hear now that the wait is INSANE...but even with that, I give it 5 stars. Best. Ribs. Ever. But before I get into that, a little note to the outnumbered people that say Phil's isn't real BBQ. There are many types and preparations of BBQ: grilled or smoked, rolled in rub or smothered in sauce, light and tangy or sticky and sweet, Korean or Aussie---you get the picture. I'm no BBQ connoisseur, but I know that much. I happen to like many varieties of BBQ, but I understand if you don't like Phil's deliciously saucy style: more for me, then! ;)Back on topic here. I'm constantly depressed that I didn't learn about Phil's until long after I moved out of SD. I mean, we have good BBQ in SF, but it's all of the smoky style (Memphis Minnie's, Bro In Laws)...at least that I've found. In fact, I was nearly in tears when the BF went to SD sans moi as I knew he'd be going to Phil's at least once---in fact, I forbade him to speak to me about it, lest he desire some serious harm inflicted upon his person. (Yes, my life does indeed revolve around food...pathetic, I know).So last time I was at Phil's, I got the rib and chicken combo. The chicken was quite good, but OMFG the ribs! Falling off the bone and not fatty at all. And I just love the sauce. We got our food to go and ate in Balboa park. It was nothing short of heavenly.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2006,12/23/2006,72,270,1,5,5>My intial thoughts of the Beauty Bar when I started going in early 2006: ghetto neighborhood, shitty parking, but omg! they have sparkly pink walls and a super rad photobooth where you can take cute b/w photos of your drunken debachery!  Yeah!After a month or two: the dance floor and DJs are awesome.  It's also pretty rad because of the (indoor) smoking patio -- my nicotine addicted friends and my non-smoking self can mingle in the same place!  With our drinks!About half a year later: Friday night's are the fucking best in town.  Plus I learned that the best parking is in the parking lot of the Vietnamese supermarket directly west of the bar.  The bar manager is one of the sweetest people I've met, the bartenders are so friendly, and the crowd is pretty damn attractive.On my birthday: Beauty Bar fucking rocked my birthday bash.  They reserved me a table with three bottles of champagne on the house, let my friends in without cover, had the best DJs spinning that night, and the entire staff was just awesome.So all in all, I love Beauty Bar.  You should, too.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2006,12/22/2006,75,24,1,2,4>This was the first club i went to down in San Diego and truthfully i was in complete shock how many rooms and bars this place had.  I came into this place blind sided having no expectation and it exceeded my expectations.  It was a great vibe with a mixed crowd.  I  would have to agree with everyone else this is like a Vegas type club in San Diego.  I love the fact you can just jump from room to room, go bar to bar, and everything is there at hand.  I had a fun time during my visit.  I would definitely go back again.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2006,12/20/2006,79,135,3,4,2>Keith Henderson has been my dentist for years. I've seen him at his Governor Drive location, and more recently in Rancho Bernardo. The RB place has big windows and seems more open, but the Governor Drive version is closer to my house, and there's a Henry's in the same complex, so there's that.The staff has always been super-friendly. Magazines are neat and relatively up-to-date. Bathroom is small but clean.Keith is a perfectionist, exacting and precise. This is just what I'm after in a dentist. He's also very accessible and never rushes me when I ask him about painkillers or drilling processes (c'mon, it's fascinating stuff). He even gave me a gold crown last year, despite my wife's grumblings. For the record, I'd had a porcelain crown (from a different, lesser dentist) beforehand, which had twice cracked. Rather than endure yet another go-around with porcelain, I opted for the more predictable wear (and bling!) of gold. It's way in the back of my mouth; nothing sleazy looking. Great conversation piece.I recommend this place to everyone I meet.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2006,12/19/2006,13,10,,2,3>Wow!!!  What a store.  I would never have thought to write a review of a Bridal Store, but this one is cool.  This store is a blend of the New York Chic with the LA Glamour.  It is hip, cool, and very unique.  The owner is usually always there to service all her clinets, and the designers often come into town from all over the world and can be met for a personalized fitting.  I went there with a recently engaged friend, and had a blast.  After all her time spent in LA, she realized that M Bride suited her style, comfort, and realized that the service was unmatched.  When I get engaged, I am sending my girl to M Bride!!!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2006,12/17/2006,137,642,1,2,2>Update 4/23/07I'm going to re-review the Cat Lounge.  5 stars, up from 4, and probably one of the best bars I've hung out in, San Diego or otherwise.3 Pool Tables at 75 cents a game - Check1 Great Jukebox that is loud enough so that you know it's time to party, but quiet enough that you can actually talk to people - CheckSeveral friendly bartenders who offer you free peanuts. - Check1 Block away from my buddy's house - CheckPitchers of Cheap Beer - CheckGood Beer - CheckJim Beam Rye - Check1 Dart Board - Check1 Golden Tee Machine - Checkand sealing the deal:1 Free Shuffleboard table - CheckThe place is like a friggin amusement park for adults.Old Review:My favorite (or least favorite) thing about this place is the sign above the bar that reads "You're first incident at this establishment will be your LAST".My best friend from high school lives right across the street and frequents this bar.  And knowing my weakness for large quantities of $6 miller lite pitchers, he warned me to be on my best behavior.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2006,12/16/2006,21,34,1,3,1>619 stand up!  Street Machine is a cool skate shop with a good selection of T's, sneakers, and gear by Nike SB, Obey, Stussy, etc...  The original Street Machine gear is hot too.  I got a shirt with a modified SD baseball logo with a crown sitting on top of it.  OK I'm from Brooklyn but I was really feeling San Diego when I was there for a week.  I am happy to rep Street Machine SD wherever I happen to be.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2006,12/15/2006,157,215,2,3,3>This is the ideal location for those times when you are craving Asian cuisine, but just can't make up your mind. Chinese? Japanese? Korean? Yen's Wok on Pearl features them all on their menu. I especially enjoyed the Bulgoki and the Mongolian Beef. Yum! Yen's Wok is located in downtown La Jolla. It's a cute place and I've never had to wait for a table. Parking is available on the street or in the small parking lot in back of the restaurant.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2006,12/14/2006,109,570,1,3,1>ok, so i went here tonight and out of all the different sushi places i have been to in SD this is kind of on the bottom of the list.  there was not much of a wait, but this was on a sunday night.  we got a cramped corner booth and had to wait quite a while before someone came to serve us.  after they did come the service was friendly, but not very attentive.  the food was not that great, overall pretty bland and flavorless.  we got the lettuce wraps to share which came with a large serving of chicken, avocados, radish, carrots and cucumber, and a dipping sauce.  you would think that with all of those toppings it would be flavorful, but the entire thing was bland.  it needed both salt and maybe some tang.  do not order this dish.we got the crunchy roll, the triple fantasy roll, and i personally got the soft shelled crab roll.  my role was alright, but had way too much krab in it for the money.  the soft shelled crab was alright, but there were some bites which tasted too fishy and almost like dirt.  the roll was not very good, i would not order again.  the triple fantasy roll was very good, but nothing special.  and the crunchy roll was way too sweet.overall, i dont think that this place is so great for the money.  you could spend the same at other sushi restaurants and get better service, atmosphere and taste.  go to RA instead on 5th and broadway.  same price, better food.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2006,12/13/2006,17,88,1,1,2>I'm from out of town, and when my hosting friends told me they'd be taking me to the strip club last night, I was excited! Little did I know, it was a restaurant, but it wasn't a let down at all. The atmosphere combines the flirtatiousness of hooters with the classiness of the house of prime rib in SF. You must try: the seasoned fries were awesome, the ribeye devine, and the super-margaritas very drinkworthy.It was a highlight of my trip here.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,3/8/2010,421,351,11,20,14>5 stars on the customer service alone. I have been here a few times. SALES :...... I bought my kid a nice BMX bike for the track last year from here and a pretty good price on that. I stopped by last week while I was riding my back on the boardwalk and bought a lock so I could lock it up and eat lunch. The staff was quick and courteous and I was out of there in minutes. SERVICE:........ 2 hours later I am hobbling in on one pedal and its all bent and looks stripped, looks like my fat ass broke it pedaling too hard. I showed it to the guy and he said I may need to buy all new cranks and pedals. He brought some tools out and tried to fix it , no luck, he went in the back and came out and said he was going to try and thread it in backwards and he did but was unable to put my pedal back on after. He said let me take it in the back and work on it, I said OK (thinking , here we go $$$) the young guy came out a few minuets later and my bike was fixed ! I gave him a nice cash tip and rode away. RENTALS :..... I rented a few bikes this weekend with the kiddos and we all had a blast its only 5 bucks an hour and they provide free helmets for the little ones. The gal said they have a 4 hr. rental for 15 bucks so I decide to do that. she also said if we come back in an hr that is all we will be charged for. well the kids tuckered out after an 1 hour of straight riding and we returned the bikes and I got some cash back too. great way to spend the day if you don't have a bike. GENERAL TIP:.... I got pulled over by the cops for riding my bike on the sidewalk last week, they let me go with a warning ....so don't ride on the sidewalks in PB
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,3/6/2010,189,160,8,11,11>Stumps you say?  My free association went a little something like this, stumpy, short people, midgets, missing thumbs, leg stumps......  OK, you can see why I didn't try this market until last week, despite shortly after relocation to Pt. Loma receiving a coupon for $25.00 in free groceries.  Man, I wish I kept that coupon now.  This place is GREAT!I absolutely love the neighborhood culture of this market!  There were some guys in there during my first visit talking about their next high school reunion, the employees seem to be middle class people who have worked for the business for a while, and even after 9pm they are friendly and greet you with a smile.  I ended up here after visiting 5 fracking stores on a hunt for chicken wings for a recipe.  Stumps was the only place that came through for me.  I called first and a friendly woman checked and told me that they were in stock.  They looked good and fresh too!  When I went in, I was shocked at the variety of fresh produce (some of which looked better than what I had seen recently at People's), there were homemade tamales for order, a nice selection of Julian pies, a huge, high quality and affordable wine and liquor selection, exotic cheeses, a butcher, fresh foods deli, and organic/earth friendly options for most products.  I thought, I'll just check to see if they have parchment paper for baking thinking that they wouldn't - but they had 3 kinds including a natural, dye free recycled brand.  Holy Moly!  I was astonished.If you are in the OB or Point Loma area and need to pick up some food items or some adult beverages this is the place!  They even had a large selection of quality bubbles at great prices.  Veuve is there right now for $39.99 plus a $5.00 rebate option, Perrier Jouet was $36.00 and Chandon was about $16.00, and Shramsberg was $26.00  So stock up bubble heads!Now my association with Stumps is:...awesome...variety...wine...nice...local products...close...cheap...neighborhoody...get in car now dummy!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,3/4/2010,414,404,12,15,12>So I just went back last week with a couple of my friends and we ordered a medium deep dish.  It was just the right amount, almost.  We ended up getting an order of garlic knots to fill us up. Man, if you read Cherie T's original review, the garlic knots needed more kick.  Scott (the owner) listened and man, these things were like a garlic clove waged war on your tongue and brought its friends butter and herbs.  SO GOOD!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,3/3/2010,185,61,16,20,20>Twirl is my favorite boutique in San Diego.  Every time I come here, I walk out with something.  - And that doesn't always happen for me.  I always get myself to try on a dress or a shirt that I wouldn't normally even consider, only to find that it looks amazing on me!  The only issue I ever have is that I have to decide which pieces I REALLY want, and what I should put back.The employees here have always been amazingly helpful and friendly.  And recently I had to exchange a top because I should have bought the smaller size, and that was as painless as it could possibly be.  I can't wait to come back and see what they have that's new in stock!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,3/2/2010,741,244,14,12,10>I pretty much go to check out the eye candy Matt.  This is a chill beer bar with two pool tables, good music on the jukebox and ice cold beer.    We will usually meet up there with friends so it ends up being like our group of 6-8 and the regulars.  They have this one regular that is always doing magic tricks and when we walk in he's like yeah....new meat.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,3/1/2010,263,192,13,16,15>I stumbled into this place, literally. After having a couple of adult beverages down the street, I realized I needed to consume some carbs and chill out for a second before driving home. Kitima was the first Thai restaurant I found and I was hungry so I didn't care that the place was completely empty. Isn't that usually an indication that the food sucks? Oh well, it meant quick and attentive service for us!They have awesome dinner specials here! For about $10, you can choose from a list of entrees in a single person serving size.  The dinner special also comes with salad, egg rolls, and rice (except for the noodles). I ordered the Pad Thai dinner special. The salad and egg rolls were decent. The pad thai was not the best I've ever had, but it was nice and flavorful. I added some hot sauce from the dipping sauces they brought out. I was pleased to have gotten a $10 meal in a restaurant that looked like it served $20 meals.  The calm and light mood of the restaurant was a nice place to go to sober up!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2009,2/28/2010,498,262,8,11,11>I always walk by here on my treks to Ross for bargain shopping. My friends came to meet me for lunch today and they were craving pizza. We stopped in and were amazed at the array of pies by the slice. All of them looked delish and they offered combo deals with various combinations of pizza, salad, sandwiches and chips. I am always a sucker for a sandwich so I ended up with the Italian sub. It was huge and the ingredients tasted very fresh. The dressing they topped it with was out of this world. Mis amigos split three different slices, the New Yorker, a margarita and a mushroom slice. All were crispy crusted and yummy. Toppings were pure quality, especially the fresh mozzarella on the margarita. Service was fast and friendly and the al fresco dining gave us plenty of people watching opportunities. I will be back for future lunches but unless I have dining companions I will be taking it to go as the ambiance leaves something to be desired.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2010,2/26/2010,859,450,43,37,33>All the single ladies, all the single ladies!All the single ladies, all the single ladies!All the single ladies, all the single ladies!All the single ladies!Now put your hands up!Up in the Grill, we just wanna chillWe doing our own little thangWe decided to eat and now we wanna drinkCause we noticed all the yummy dranksWe up on them, they up on usNeed to pay our food mo' attentionJust had one drink: the big mamaI can't help feelin tip-sayCause if ya like Gossip Grill ya shoulda pull the reigns on itIf you like it then ya shoulda pull the reigns on itDon't be mad if these dranks eff you upIf you like it then ya shoulda pull the reigns on itOh, oh, ohUm....okay, so I suck at this =/I thought this Beyonce song would be fitting 'cause I rolled in here to meet a bunch of sexy, single lady yelpers for Happy Hour.We were here to eat and drink it up sans the company of boys, so what better place to do that than Gossip Grill, right?Happy Hour is somewhat limited since it consists of about 6 appetizers and even then, they run on the small side. Aww =[But the happy hour drinks are 2-for-1. yay!Here's the really cool part: you don't have to have the second drink then and there. Nope! You can get a yellow casino like chip/token to redeem that second drink on another visit. Pretty snazzy, huh?But really, there's no need to pull the reign on it. Down that big momma!xoxo,Gossip Grill
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,2/25/2010,371,261,17,23,22>A pretty good restaurant with one of the most underrated views in town, Tom Ham's is a great option when you want wow someone with a low-key, but really satisfying meal.The brunches have been talked about time and again, but I've only been here for dinners.  Every time I've gone, their steaks have always been juicy and flavorful - though at times over-sauced - and their seafood offerings have proven to be a really good alternative should you not be in the mood for meat.The staff is fantastic and seems to appear the moment you think you need something.  My only complaint is that the lighting can be a bit dim, but this is a minor gripe as it somehow manages to capture the right ambiance by focusing your attention on the food and your company and not on the goings on around you and the semi-hokey nautical theme that is more prominent during the day time.A caveat: the cocktails are mixed pretty strong here, so use caution.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,2/24/2010,432,198,39,27,36>Freestyle Friday!! Here's my song of the week review. EnjoyTo the tune of TI's song WHATEVER YOU LIKEI said, you can eat whatever you like (You like)I said, you can eat whatever you like (You like, yeah)(chorus)Spring Egg Rolls, Thai Tea with iceIf you don't want to eat Pho, then you can always order the riceAnd baby, you can eat whatever you like (You like)I said, you can eat whatever you like (You like, yeah)PHO 888 is the spot and I know you will likeTaste so good, especially on a rainy nightAnd baby you can add spice if you like (You like)I said, you can eat whatever you like (You like, yeah)Any time you want to, eat some Pho you go to, PHO 888, you won't drop stacks I promise youYou want it, come eat it, you can afford it my dear5-6 dollars a bowl, that's not bad I swearYeah, it warms your body, fills your bodyEat too much, you gonna use the pottyYou see it, you like it, go get it, just buy itEating so much, just tell yourself, "what diet?"(chorus)Spring Egg Rolls, Thai Tea with iceIf you don't want to eat Pho, then you can always order the riceAnd baby, you can eat whatever you like (You like)I said, you can eat whatever you like (You like, yeah)PHO 888 is the spot and I know you will likeTaste so good, especially on a rainy nightAnd baby you can add spice if you like (You like)I said, you can eat whatever you like (You like, yeah)Sriracha you the hottest, love the way you spice itTaste so good, I love every bite of itOMG where's the faucet, it got in my eye, gotta wash it!Everybody knows that ish burns if ya rub itAnd ya ain't gotta go the bathroom if you got thisHere's some eye drops I had it in my pocketTilt your head back, open your eye and squeeze itNow that I'm ok, what the heck did you get?My chick can eat what she wantWe came to the Pho store but she didn't want Pho?I suggested the Vermicelli bowl or the rice with meatShe went with the Vermicelli but wanted MY meat (from my pho of course)Yeah, employees aren't snobby, they're nice not naughtyCome in and sit down, they treat you like you're somebodyYou want it, they got it, they'll get it, cuz you buy itYou love Vietnamese food don't try to deny it!(chorus)Spring Egg Rolls, Thai Tea with iceIf you don't want to eat Pho, then you can always order the riceAnd baby, you can eat whatever you like (You like)I said, you can eat whatever you like (You like, yeah)PHO 888 is the spot and I know you will likeTaste so good, especially on a rainy nightAnd baby you can add spice if you like (You like)I said, you can eat whatever you like (You like, yeah)PHO 888 I know you will Like!!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2006,1/5/2007,6,12,,4,4>This is always a favorite place to eat when we are in San Diego.  Our friend lives just down the hill so it is easy to get to.  I have tried very little on the menu because I love the Cashew Chicken. I'm sure you are thinking so what?  Well this is like no other cashew chicken I've ever had.  It is almost in a barbq type brown sause and is fabulous!  So my husband and I usually get two orders of it as it is too good to share.  The Mandarin soup is good as well.  Main entrys are about $10-15 and the soup is served in single bowls for $2.95.  So it isn't the bargain it used to be but for the area it's located in it won't break the bank.This is not the place to go if you want fancy dancy chinese food.  You get a lot of food and they don't bug with you lots of checking in.  They bring the food, keep your drinks filled up so we can talk and enjoy the great food.  Everyone is very friendly and welcoming.  They do take-out but not sure about delievery.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2006,1/4/2007,658,530,2,2,8>I love this little Bistro Cafe. It truly reminds me of Paris, Moulan Rouge and all things French. I usually just hang out in the cafe and have a salde Niciose and French Fries which are really not French. But they don't think I'm weird when I ask for mayonnaise as a dip instead of ketchup. The restaurant side is just as wonderful and the service is definitely friendlier than in France.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2006,1/3/2007,184,263,,2,2>A great meeting spot for happy hour with a very laid back and fun vibe. Also, some of the best bar food in San Diego. The Nachos are freakin huge and super good. Pretty good beer specials for the beer drinker in all of us. Super loud in the joint sometimes though.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2006,1/2/2007,287,254,1,4,4>"I like this mall - a lot. Its not the prettiest mall and the variety of stores are bland, but it has a Nordstrom's Rack, Target, Coffee Bean and Tea, a post office and a movie theatre among its selections. Between this place and the Hillcrest Farmer's Market (see my other review), my primary shopping needs are met.I can see how some people might describe it as ghetto compared to the more 'beautiful' Fashion Valley (of the Dolls). Just think of Mission Valley as the Ugly Betty of malls - not the place for the poseurs, snobs and plastic surgery beautiful people.I really like the parking. It's technically not underground since its on ground level. The mall itself is entirely raised to the 2nd floor, so the 'underground' parking doesn't get too hot or humid or claustrophobic. Parking is also a lot easier than Fashion Valley.When I want to watch the latest movie, I go to the AMC 16.  Even though most of the people that go to the mall aren't stereotypically photogenic as some tourists envision San Diegans to look like, there is some eye candy thanks to the 24 Hour Fitness Gym. It's too bad they don't give the gym a much larger space. It would provide even more eye candy for the rest of the crowd.I'd give it 5 stars if it had a chocolate vendor.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2006,1/1/2007,182,154,3,,3>pajamas? check. hordes of sorority letters? check. people wearing loads of makeup but in pjs? check. ucsd sweatshirts? check. skinny girls complaining they're fat? check.this is the sight you see when getting in line at golden spoon inside of ralphs. aside from the nauseating giggles, "what should i get?'s" and "can i try...(insert flavor)?", this little fat free yogurt station is yummy. tons of selections for toppings, large servings, lids for to go orders and rotating flavors. it's nothing to write home about, but it's good for late night cravings when studying at ucsd. go a little early and try to avoid the sorority sisters who hold up the line.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2006,12/31/2006,761,1572,,2,3>I love this place because I love Japanese style curry and spaghetti and it reminds me of home...I used to go to Curry House all the time with my family in Torrance.I actually like the Japanese Style Spaghetti.  It is not as powerful in flavor as the curry, but I love the subtleness of the soy sauce and vegetables.  I would not recommend having some curry then trying the spaghetti...it will taste like nothing.The curry is Japanese style, like the kind you make out of those blocks...and I love it that way.I also was impressed with their corn potage, which I have never tried before.  Mmm corn soup.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2006,12/30/2006,677,394,,1,2>Well...I don't know if I completely qualify for reviewing this place, because I don't really know "authentic" NY style pizza...I don't really care either way. I care if its not too greasy, the cheese and toppings are delicious and the crust is how I like it, a bit bready but not too chewy. Delicious! It fit all the requirements for me...not the cheapest pizza in the world, but you pay for good quality fresh ingredients.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2006,12/29/2006,117,98,,5,4>fantastic fish tacos, HUGE voluptuous veggie burritos (with potato!) that take 2 days to eat, delicious salsa bar (I recommend the green one), beer...the list goes on and on. This is the place that you bring all your friends from out of town to who want to see what san diego's mexican food is like.  It's super nice as far as taco shops go and has mega options for vegetarians and even vegans. It's the healthy alternative to the bazillions of crappy taco shops that you only eat at when your belly and brain are saturated in alcohol.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2006,12/27/2006,37,109,2,2,>i don't get my hair cut to often, maybe only once every couple months when i decided to stop looking so shaggy like.  rayzors is definitely the place i call when the time has come to get it chopped.  i have had 3 or 4 different people in the years i have been going, all have done a good job.  lately i have been going to a missy-cuts-a-lot that works there due to her excellence in sheering.  she does get a little crazy with the after cut styling...i think she does it on purpose to see how big of a tool i will allow myself to look like walking out.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2006,12/26/2006,155,232,,1,2>Good food, great drinks, friendly staff, bitchin' atmosphere in this all-outdoor bar and restaurant. Unlike some of the other spots in Del Mar, this one seems decidedly unpretentious. Only half (rather than all) of the girls here have had plastic surgery!Really, I love En Fuego and I can be found there during the Summer months, kickin' it with whoever will join me there. Be sure to check out Monday Madness and Taco Tuesday, which offer happy hour specials, super cheap Mexican food and a chance to socialize.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,2/10/2012,910,392,3,12,9>This is a new restaurant that opened up in the place of  Yoshinoya. They are Chinese owned and most of the menu is Hawaiin style plate lunches. They also have some Ramen and some Chinese style things on the menu. They are very reasonably priced and the portions are really generous.Me and my gf have been there twice. Their mini meals are still reall large too if you want to give those a try. We have tried their bbq beef, volcano chicken and ramen. The volcano chicken is my favorite. Its like a orange chicken but with a sweet and spicey sauce instead. Really good. for about 6 dollars. All their plates come with from a main meat, then rice and macaroni salad. The lady that helped us spoke Chinese and Spanish. Seems like they know the area that they are in. While we waited for our food, they even brought out chips and salsa. Really surprised. This is definitely a good place and you should give it a try.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,2/9/2012,333,220,15,12,12>When I used to live in Vista I'd hit up this joint for a post workout calorie bomb.  I've tried a few things on the menu like the carne asada nachos, bean burritos, and the hard tacos.  All very good.  I've never been a "big fan" of rolled tacos but you can get em here on the cheap.Personally, I feel Juniors is a solid breakfast burrito kinda place (and if you know me I will find me some good breakfast)!  After hiking Torrey Pines I'd drive the 101 home with a Juniors BB dominating my every thought.  I'm certain it adversely affected my driving abilities but...what can I say I'm hungry here!  I just stand NO CHANCE against the FORCE of a delicious breakfast.  Ohhh, and Juniors delivers that!The also deliver an additional .60 cent charge when using credit or debit so just an FYI breakfast yelpers.Anyway, I ate them all!  I must have thought by eating all the burritos offered at breakfast time I'd win a BLUE RIBBON or something...like the trophy "everyone  on the team gets" when you're a kid for being a "superstar" and giving it "your best" (AKA Participation Award)! I was dedicated to these burritos!I may have NOT gotten that damn ribbon from Juniors but I did get enough burriots to shut me up.  I became very familiar with burrito classics such as:The bacon egg and cheeseChorizoSausageMachacaHeck sometimes I'd even get extra bacon or sausage!Since we're in the "honesty bubble" ummm that kicks a ribbon's ass any day of the week!Also, the salsa bar is loaded with traditional pickled carrots, onions, cauliflower, jalapenos (all that extra yummy stuff)!  The kicker was the wide selection of Mexican sodas.  Yes, a true rainbow of sugary delight. I give Juniors 7.5 "Participation Awards of Excellence" out of 10.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,2/7/2012,639,492,25,21,16>Every one knows my boobs are my most prized possession. It takes a lot of work to keep these puppies in prime shape. Big chested girls have a lot of issues trying to find bras. Believe me. I have been on a quest for years. Well come to find out I have been wearing the wrong size. No wonder my bras commit suicide is less than 3 months. The poor straps were trying to do all the work when in fact it should have always been the band of the bra that does the heavy lifting. Makes sense right? Going to Intimacy a year or so ago changed my life. My girls have never felt so young and vibrant. My bras have never lasted so long. I guess when you are wearing the right size it makes a huge difference. Oh and speaking of huge I always thought I was a DD. WRONG. I am actually a G. EEEEK a G. As in Ginormous, Gargantuan, Grande, GAH. No wonder I could never find a bra that fit. I went up in band size to accommodate the wrong cup size. Big no no as I stated before the majority of your support comes from the band. So all you ladies with boobs....yep that's all of you, get yourself down to Intimacy. There has not been a person yet who hasn't thanked me profusely after I've referred them. Don't faint over the prices. They are pricey but the bras will last triple times longer and Intimacy will do a free tuneup on your bra once it's been worn in . It is worth the money. Big time. You won't regret it and your fun bags will be forever grateful.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,2/6/2012,1299,698,25,21,22>Hot Dam.  Da Nang.This ain't your Uncle Quang's pho restaurant with spartan white walls and simple tables and chairs with that recognizable standup vertical napkin dispenser, that flower of veritcal chopsticks sprouting out of its cubical container, and stacks of spoons spooning.Gone are the funny accents and single color polo shirts with the cool Viet inspired logo that may or may not have been inspired by a cow or Vietnam's coastline.Instead, you find a very modern restaurant that will appeal to a broader audience of palates.  Ordering by number is efficient in bingo, but not as relevant here since the menu is simple and concise.  I like pictures.It is very possible to have a tasty bowl of pho with a number of beers - Arrogant Bastard Ale, Blue Moon, Fat Tire Amber Ale, Sapporo - to name a few and not found in a typical pho restaurant.  If you want more of a beer selection, go to a bar.  This place serves pho; if you hadn't noticed.  There should be a Happy Hour and specials by the writing of this review.  I added the filet as a option.  I don't claim to know pho just as much as Jared knows his Cold Cut Combo, but the pho is clean, dark and  tasty, yet nothing that stood out  in my mind. I didn't see anything different with the filet;  maybe i just prefer a really slightly thicker cut and cooked - but not rare in my pho.Also, the parking in this plaza is notorious for being challenging.  So when parking, check yourself before you wreck yourself.   It's ok to park further away and walk it in the few yards.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,2/5/2012,1061,798,8,16,12>Based on all the reviews here, I made an appointment at East Holistic Reflexology.  The small entry reception area is plain but soothing, and I was taken right away into the communal reflexology room.  There were already 2 people there, and a couple more came in after me. We were scattered throughout the large room.  The lighting is low, and there is nice asian new age music playing softly, and water fountains softly flowing.My reflexologist was a nice Asian man, who barely said a word.  He brought out a small wooden barrel with some kind of herbs in it and put my feet in there.  (The water in the barrel was in a plastic bag so no microbe worries.)While my feet were soaking, he massaged head, shoulders and then my hands.  Purrrrrrrr.......  It was very relaxing right away.  When he finished with that (about 20 minutes) he took my feet out of the water and dried them and then massages one foot at a time.I have had many reflexology treatments and while this one was very relaxing and I was very happy to be getting it, the foot work was not what I expected.  Rather than a shiatsu massage pressing on all the points in the feet, this was more like a rubbing massage movement.  He rubbed up and down my calves and all over my feet but he didn't press very many points on the feet, which is what I am used to.After the massage, he brought out hot towels and rubbed down my calves and feet.  And then just when i thought it was over, he put a towel over my legs and pressed and rubbed various points on my thighs, sort of a surprise.Anyway, I was very relaxed and the whole thing was very "zen" (or whatever it would be called in Chinese) and I would go back.  But I really missed what I have always thought of as a standard reflexology treatment, with the points on the feet focused on and pressed rather firmly.But I would go back.  And how can you complain -- one hour for $39 !!!Apparently that's a summer special and it goes back to $49 in the fall/winter.P.S. One slightly annoying aspect was that when I was leaving, I waited at the desk for quite a long time while the Asian man who was there was checking the appointment/payment books, all written out in handwriting,  then  took a phone call, then had a conversation in Chinese with another woman, and then finally he ran my credit card.It would seem he should take care of the customer in front of him first.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,2/4/2012,314,412,15,14,12>ZAPPY MAKES YOU HAPPY were the encouraging words I was left with.I called in my order around 150ish and who ever it was told me my order would be ready in 12 minutes, enough time for me to buy some plates and forks for the superbowl party I was going to. $5 one topping pizzas, you sure can't beat that...so I ordered one pepperoni and one with sausage.I've had zappy's pizza before at family birthday parties, and they were good.Ordering it myself and picking it up was a first for me. Parking sucked because some of the spots are assigned to other businesses in the area. But no worries, if you can walk or have other means of getting around, parking isn't that bad.Cheap but NOT CHEAP tasting. :)They have a combo deal for 8.99?1 large 1-topping pizza 2 liter sodabreadsticksNOT BAD.Pizza was delicious.Zappy asked if I was in the navy because I was wearing my friends us navy hoodie, "no, but my dad was" he applauded me for that. woot. =) I'll have to try the cheesebread next time.Zappy's Pizza is the shit, not literally like costco pizza...costco pizza tends to give you the shits.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,2/3/2012,827,98,35,23,21>The 4x4 burger challenge **shakes fist**, taunted me with a new time limit.The time limit has gone from 44 minutes to 30 minutes.  Was I scared?  No.  Should I have been scared.  Yes.  With my first victory at 43.2 minutes, I had a lot of time to shave off if I wanted to walk away victorious for a second time.Okay, I did it.  Barely did it.  My name is on the plaque twice, but am I proud of myself?  I don't think so.  It was hard.  Really hard.  And things got ugly.  Really ugly.  I just...I can't talk about this anymore.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,2/2/2012,491,508,16,13,14>Cutting board: just as good as their big sister version.  Meats, olives, mustard, tapenade, raisins, walnuts, pickles...oh my! $24 for the large, it was perfect for the 3 of us for lunch.  Meatloaf sandwich. I'm afraid to try anything else, it's that good.PK hotdog: more like a sandwich with a hot dog split lengthwise. Sweet chili peppers inside. Good, but not better than the meatloaf sandwich.Salted Caramel Brownie: heaven on a plate. Served warm, it was the perfect end to a perfect lunch.Let the lunch coma commence....
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,2/1/2012,806,340,42,28,28>It is just called Las Milpas. I don't know one person who calls it Las Cuatro Milpas.But yeah, Las Milpas.The place is legit. And I can say this because:- 75% of my friends are in Chula. - I go to public parks for parties on Sundays.- I call Carne Asada, Carne. NOT beef. I can't believe some people say beef taco's. What the hell? Who eats a beef taco/burrito?- I pull my socks up all the way.- I also button the top button of my flannels.- I know where to buy sick ass pinatas.- I eat all parts of pigs. Cheeks, nose, ears...- I prefer El Pato over Tapatio and Tobasco sauce. AND it is infinitely better than Cholula hot sauce.                  *Narrows eyes at 'tine.- I know where Palm City is.- I drink Squirt.- I play soccer. They call me papal on the field. Yeah, I know paper. White as paper. They also say I look like a fat David Beckham. Which...I will accept. Any guy that gets compared to Beckham, fat or not, is in the win column. And you know what? Those f'in jerks kill me on the field. Totally take out my shins when I have the ball. Just the other day, I got nailed so hard I still have the bruise on my shin. I really shouldn't play pickup games in the park. But the only other option is to drive up to La Jolla and play with a bunch of privileged white pricks and who wants to be associated with assholes? I don't. Not I says the Guero.So yeah,this place is authentic. Get the Chorizo bowl or pork burrito.  You can get better tamales on the street corner. So just stick with the Chorizo bowl or pork burrito.Oh yeah and their Menudo is the best I have ever had.Closed on Sundays. Like good Catholics, that day is for church and partying in public parks with family.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,1/31/2012,720,560,13,15,14>Since this is my first time going to this venue, I have to give it both props and only 4 stars.  I love the venue, it was a great place to see one of my favorite artists, Adele.  The crowd enjoyed the whole experience.  The sound was great, the musical experience was out of this world.This is a place to be see a musical act whether its a singer like Adele or a group that are on the verge.  The venue's acoustics rock and the seating has a good view from any seat but nothing beats being in the front section.Minor qualms, i had injured myself before I attended the show and my gimpy leg felt it going up and down the stairs and to the parking structure.  There was no area for you to (or at least designated) that allows pickup and drop off.  I managed through but even if there was an area designated for this matter, unless you had handicapped prkng plates or placard, you need to rely on your own resources.Parking was simple.  10 bucks for the event.The elusive 5th star will have to wait until the next time I attend or see an event here.  I am used to lines but facilities (rest rooms) were not easily accessible (luckily I didnt do any drinking before the event).Bravo OAT!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2006,11/21/2006,254,186,5,5,4>Surprise, Surprise, Surprise? I thought San Diego was all Marines,guns and taco stands. This place has little jump in it's gitty up as far as San Diego goes, if you know what im saying? That doesn't mean that when I stepped out of a cab in my Christian Loubitans, the party promoter for The Beach didn't  peel me out and onto the roof. It's hard having so much style. But, I found the bar on the ground level more my speed, there was a great dj, people dancing, moving and shaking, shaking and moving. And boy was I moving. Now, that NishIsHOT is my friend, I can proudly say this place is so HOT I even picked up red-headed 27 year old. Which is a feat of some sorts at my age. MAGNIFICENT sorts in fact! And while LuLu P. used the valet to fetch her ciggies at the W in Westwood, I'll stick with the 27 year old's. Cary Bradshaw, Shirley Valentine EAT your heart out!!! Now, as far as the rooms go - standard. I was however impressed with the magazine selection. and im always impressed at the cavalier the "engineering dpt" has when they arrive at your door at 3am, and cross the room, through a sea of condom rappers, while you hide naked beneath the sheets, watching him fumble with that piece of shit air-conditioner that never works the whole weekend. that's the true meaning of "whatever/whenever". and trust me i like to put that "whatever/whenever" to the test as much as humanly possible. Luv ya San Diego, I'll be back - but Im not sure you're be able to deliver like you did this weekend! now if only mitch from Platinum Equity would stop calling me about my "erroneous" check cashing. I paid you f*#kers back in sexual favors ALL WEEKEND long. Talk to the little red-head from Penn.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2006,11/20/2006,46,59,,2,2>love this thai.  i still compare every SF thai restaurant to celadon.  i have yet to find a better dish than the garlic scallops or their pad prik sod.  if you have to wait for a table, go next door to crush for a glass of wine or two.  celadon staff came over to tell us when our table was ready.  now that's service.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2006,11/19/2006,66,58,,1,3>Ditto with all that is said.  It has been about three years since I went for a co-bachelor(ette) party...yes, weird I know...and the show was awesome.  Staff is great all around, you definitely get your money's worth with the entertainment.  I do not remember the food being particularly bad or good, but I was not going there for that.  It was fine, not BAD.  A definite must-do with a mixed group of 6 or so.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2006,11/18/2006,12,19,1,6,2>One of the best dining experiences I've had in a while!  From start to finish I was continually impressed.  The bar is spacious and comfortable, with great views of the street throughout.  The decor is fresh and comfy, with lemons garnishing the tables. The tortilla soup was the best I've had in San Diego.  The filet and short rib was cooked to perfection.  The pecan carmel sundae was a gift from God.  They also serve banana cotton candy with every meal, sugar on a stick never tasted so good.  The staff was great, I am gushing i know; but it's totally warranted. Go see for yourself....
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2006,11/17/2006,44,57,1,4,5>I decided to eat at the restraunt before going to see a concert at their venue in the same location.  So you can not get any more convenient than that, but for me that is basically where it ended.  Huge bar and since it was Monday night there was football on every single tv (which there are 100's.)  The dining section is a bit small and the set up is a little strange.  The service is so-so but at least the waiters are not average looking.  Ours had piercings everywhere.  The server was kind of distracted so not the quickest or most attentive service I have ever had.  Food selection is not very large and if you don't like southern/cajun food then you will have an issue.  I ended up with the meatloaf and it really wasn't that good.  What I did love and want to go back for is the sweet potato fries.  Those things were heaven if heaven was sliced and deep fried in oil.The music venue at the place is so perfect to watch live acts.  You can get right next to the stage with relative ease and the sound is pretty good.  Although my ears are still ringing about 12 hours later, but that is my fault for not wearing any ear plugs to protect my hearing.  Drinks are expensive, but do you really expect any less?  At least they have a good amount of places to get drinks in the venue, so you will not have to wait too long to get a drink.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2006,11/16/2006,6,8,3,2,2>Whistle Stop is my favorite local to grab a drink with some friends AND a seat. (Disclaimer: That statement is more a comment on my habit of going to Whistle Stop only when it's slow. During either of the nights I'm about to mention, there are no seats to be had.)The Visual Underground throws a night with film, music, and visual stimulation about once a month. One Nation fills the place from front to back and out onto the sidewalk at least once a month for their electro nights. Tuesday's are my personal favorite.  Tuesday is board game night. Good luck finding the pieces for anything besides Connect Four. There is a game of Mario Kart on the projector if you feel like waiting.  But for me, it's the IDM / downtempo / glitch that brings me back for this night...not the 15 minute search for all the pieces to Candyland.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2006,11/15/2006,40,43,3,2,>The comber is a typical beach bummy bar full of drunken college kids and older men who I like to refer to as "Ass Hunters."These ass hunters can be typically found on the corners of the bar, scoping out the super drunk girl situation.This is the place where me and the crew like to play the how many numbers can you get game, and whoever wins gains weekly bragging rights and a handle of their choice liquor for the next night. It's a damn good time.Anyway, the Beachcomber is a casual bar where you can enjoy some cheap drinks and nice people. It almost feels as though you are at your friend's house having a raging party in their super nice den.I always have interesting conversations with people at the bar top...mostly about how bad white guys on the dance floor are dancing. But hey, it's the beach and I'd rather you be pretty than a good dancer.I highly recommend the Comber for the people watching and the drinks....just watch out for the step by the bathrooms or you'll end up almost falling on your ass in front of everyone in the bar.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2006,11/14/2006,38,79,,2,2>this place is grub. the food portions are enormous. they make claim jumper look like the kid's meal. all the food is good and the employees are nice. what really makes this place stand out is the atmosphere. i'd have to say its the most unique restaurant i've ever been to. not unique in a weird creepy way but unique as in cool. when we went there, there was a DJ spinning house on a sunday morning. you can't beat that. the turntables were so out of place, you had to applaud it. highly recommend anyone to go.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2006,11/12/2006,16,20,5,3,3>I like their cheese and the olive bar has really good tomato and mozzarella combo.Barons is small but its in spitting distance of my apartment so I tend to run over to it for any last minute ingredient for dinner.Their produce is also pretty bomb and I always go there for a last minute bottle of wine to go with my pasta.However, Baron's can be dangerous for my roomies and I during "that time of the month" because it has a nice little ice cream selection, every flavor of Ritter Sport chocolates and lots of salt and vinegar chips (don't ask me why we all crave this!)
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2006,11/10/2006,11,57,2,4,3>rama is a great thai place that gives off an immediate good impression. the front lounge is fairly big and open, nice to hang out while waiting on your delinquent friends to show up. and then the dining area in the back of the storefront is really nicely appointed, with tables and booths separated by gold sheer drapes. gives a nice feeling of isolation, for big parties or small, to each table.the service in both the lounge the dining area is friendly, helpful, non-intrusive, and definitely not overbearing.i've been to rama half a dozen times, and everything i've tried has been good-to-great. among others, the choo-chee duck (red curry) is a dish to go back for over and over again. the peanut sauce (which i've had over chicken) isn't a favorite, but it is served similarly to how i've had it in other thai places and not cared for, so i suspect it's just me.the biggest drawback to me is that rama is located downtown, south of market, where parking is such a hassle. rama has valet parking, though, so if you're willing to pay the price, that disadvantage is moot. (and the rocks in the rest room sinks are a weird touch.)
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,9/9/2014,243,103,11,12,12>My beloved Sarita's! You rarely fail my specific Mexican food requests. Looking to increase my iron & fat content significantly at 3am?Think I'll go with a California burrito or carne asada fries and beef taquitos. Extra guac. Vegetarian phase? Veggie burrito (lettuce on side) or taquitos filled with potatoes. Your green & red hot sauces are equally delicious and I love to pour them on anything I choose on your menu. You should easily win the taste and quality contests over your neighbor... *TIP 1* If dining in, request complimentary chips & salsa! The chips are hot and the salsa is a tasty pico de gallo-like mix of chopped tomatoes, onions, jalapeño  and cilantro. *TIP 2* They aren't open all night on NYE...don't get all excited for your holiday Sarita's fix thinking they're open 24/7/365 just to face disappointment.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,9/8/2014,489,135,13,20,19>Yummy Buffet is... Well, it's YUMMY! :P  I didn't have high expectations for this place (especially because of the cheap dinner price), so you can imagine that I was happily surprised with the food, service, and overall selection :)  I kept looking around, because I didn't hear any slot machines chiming in the background.  Nope, I wasn't at Barona Casino, yet there was prime rib, mashed potatoes and gravy, honey chicken, orange chicken, teriyaki chicken, salads, sushi ... pretty much almost everything I would normally see at a casino's buffet. LOLAt some point, the salmon sushi was just ALL gone, so I asked servers about more salmon sushi and they made more no questions asked :) woo woo!!  Now that's awesome service!As for dessert? Sesame balls, fried plantains, soft serve ice cream, cookies, and  donuts!!  :)  That's it.  You've done it, Yummy Buffet! I'm a Yummy Fan! :)
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,9/7/2014,51,25,5,17,20>I would say the best American food is available here and I have been visiting there from about last couple of months. The first thing is that. they are best in their services and their food is YUMMY . I had never visited that place before it was suggested by my friend. my friend suggested that place to have a delicious food in a very friendly environment.The staff is quite friendly, I love their way of talking and serving. They serve you like as they have got a guest.The food is delicious and I love Sandwiches with sauces there. These delicious sandwiches are great and I would also like praise the ambiance was great and the atmosphere was nice and cute.This sweet atmosphere is attracting the customers. The customers are being attracted by their nice behavior. Their prices are quite low and I love this place.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,9/6/2014,13,111,10,10,12>This place is so great! They have an awesome selection of beer ranging from your standard domestic to your craft beer. They also have a great selection of wine here too but I actually haven't noticed the liquor section as I tend to stay away from that type of alcohol these days. And in addition to all this, they have this great selection of beer glasses of all shapes and sizes, which is a pretty neat thing to have in a liquor store! Makes them a bit unique. You can pick up beer for a party and even get the host a special glass if you want. I also absolutely love the staff. They are all incredibly friendly and helpful too! They point out beer specials all the time and are just cheerful people. Anytime I bike there, they let me bring my bike inside so I don't have to worry about locking it up. I feel like they take their time to get to know their customers and build relationships because they always remember me anytime I come in and ask me about things I told them in my last visit. There's parking available in the back and it's in a really convenient location in North Park. I definitely recommend checking this place out because they seriously have an awesome beer selection and at reasonable prices. Definitely ask for any specials because they'll be happy to let you know which craft beers are on sale that week!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,9/5/2014,174,173,3,14,10>This is a small restaurant.  Seats about 25.  That's smaller than a typical classroom.  In the middle of the space has a large raised bar.  It and the bar stools around it consumes most of the restaurant.  But, this is also where the magic happens.  The bar is lined w/ a series of large dishes.  Each filled w/  a Japanese tapa.  For me, its the most unique thing about the restaurant.  Dishes change frequently.  Upon ordering, the waitress will scoop some of the tapa into a smaller plate.  Each dish is small so you can try many.Other great dishes I love: Deep Fried Chicken Gizzard w/ Garlic Salt;  Flavored Rice with Eel is a must.   In a rice filled cast iron kettle filled meat is slowly cooked for 20 minutes.  Kettle is then brought out piping hot.  The server will then mix in a partially cooked egg.  Equal portion served to everyone at the table.  Its like a Japanese version of bibimbap.  Order early because of the cook time.Great vibe, great food.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,9/4/2014,57,80,9,14,9>Let's get a few things straight:1) Ballet is a sport.2) It hurts so good.3) This class is NOT for wimps.4) There is no actual "ballet" in this class.If you want a nice derriere (and nice legs, thighs, arms, etc.), this is a great class for you.  I've been working out with a personal trainer for almost a year.  I thought I could handle this class no sweat.   However, the instructor Lauren was awesome and totally tricked me into getting a kick @$$ full-body workout.  For example, I was only using 2 lb weights.  By the end of the arms session, I could barely hold my arms up, let alone the 2 lb. weight. --I was crying for mercy like a little girl in the corner several times throughout the class.  In addition, I felt a burning in my thighs that I have never felt, even though I have been lifting heavy weights (like, 75 lbs) and doing lunges and squats on a regular basis.  There were definitely points during this class that I felt like I was going to collapse (in a good way).  Some other nitty gritty: free parking, no issues finding a spot at 7pm on a Friday.  You can't wear shoes or slippery  socks in the class, so many went barefoot (so please leave the fungus at home!).   The facility was very clean.  They provided all of the equipment needed for the class (hand weights, mats, these squishy ball things, and some straps that we didn't use).  They offer introductory pricing if you want to try out a class or a few without the month-long commitment of $99.  They have little cubbies inside the studio where you can keep your things  safe during the class.  Bring water and a hand towel, you will need it! As far as clothing, you can wear regular workout clothes, yoga pants and a tank are perfect.  Classes are an hour long.  The only minor complaint I have is that it might be nice to have more mirrors, as I could not see the instructor when I was facing the wall.  But at the same time, I don't really like staring at myself while I am working out.  So no stars marked off for this.  I will definitely be coming back and checking out the rest of the facility.  I should have done this while I was there, but uh, I could barely hold myself up (in a good way).  Thanks for making me sweat Barre3!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,9/3/2014,139,107,12,19,13>Helpful steps for your first time---Step 1: Get in line for Adobada and order half as many tacos as you plan to eat. (with everything on it) and toss in some tip $Step 2: Get in line for that Langua (mmm tongue) taco for the other half of said # of tacos. (with everything on it) and toss in some tip $While there ask for and order of Grilled Onions and PeppersStep 3: Bring your gatherings to the cashier. Order a drink cup for your horchataStep 4: Get a side of Limes and radishesStep 5: scout your seatStep 6: Hurry and WASH YOUR HANDS! (Tip: There's a sink between the cashier station and the lime/radish bar)Step 7: FINALLY.....squeeze some limes all over and then get some of that adobada and Langua in your mouth! (I was there yesterday and I'm salivating at the thought now.)Step 8: Clean up your mess. Including washing your hands again. Place is clean. The service is fast. And the meat is flavorful. ++stars!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,9/2/2014,203,182,8,14,12>I wanted to find a juice spot that I can go to during the week versus the places I go to on the weekends at the farmers market. This place shares a spot with my other store that I enjoy, nutrition zone. Parking sucks so if you need to go to Ralphs also, go to the Ralphs parking on market street and walk over, get your juice and shop at Ralphs. The juice itself is yummy their green juice and their beets juice does wonders for a pick me up. And this is the first place I ever enjoyed a acai bowl. They have their classic but I enjoy the one with almond butter and almond milk. Their juice it self is cold pressed right on the spot. They sell growers for cheap so you can save a lot for buying 64oz at a time. I enjoy their smoothies too and it's not too sweet. I hate sweet smoothies so this instantly be are my favorite for that alone Yelp check in gets a healthy shooter..... I had this detox shot since I felt icky from sudden weather change with the Santa Ana winds. It taste strong and but that woke my body up!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,9/1/2014,247,248,11,8,8>As Shakespeare himself once asked, "Where the hell can one goest for a legitimate draft selection of British beer around here?!" I found myself wondering the same one day. (Great minds think alike, eh?) OK, who knows if he ever said that. Maybe he did, maybe he didn't. Either way, the answer is at Shakespeare Pub and Grille!This place is authentic. From the decor to the food to the staff (who mostly all have British accents... Yippee!) to the way they pour their beers. It took me right back to England. So what if I visited when I was 17 years old and never actually stepped foot into a pub? It's exactly what I envisioned it would be like if I could have while I was there! (I need to quit being so honest in my reviews...)Either way, I have yet to eat here but their beer selection is awesome and that's what keeps me coming back. Order a Smithwick's but pronounce it the right way when you do - the 'W' is silent like in... well, nothing else. Then grab yourself one of those amazing layered beers. They have tons of options; all with names that don't include silent "W's" for your American pronunciation pleasure. My personal favorite is the Old Speckled Hen which has all the creamy consistency of a dark beer like Guinness without that heavy taste. It's so drinkable!The only bummer about this place is the parking - there ain't much of it!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,8/31/2014,301,120,10,11,11>Werewolf continues to be one of my favorite spots downtown. It's the perfect pub for brunch on the weekends plus lunch and/or dinner any day of the week. Lately I've been making my way to Werewolf for a few sips, belly-filling bites, happy hour hangouts, even nightcaps.I am consistently impressed with the astonishing selection of brews (micros included) on tap, recently I have been loving on the Cali 'Creamin' a delicious vanilla cream ale by Mother Earth Brewing Co. Liquor definitely abounds at this bar...Brad's Dead Grandpa is most certainly a unique concoction. My favorite menu munches:Brunch is my favorite time of any Saturday and Sunday; this place does not disappoint when it comes to combining two of the most important mealtimes. Sweet potato hash has captured my heart. Ever had a breakfast shot? Well, you must try at least once i your life. Plus the white peach sangria..tastes so good and gives a fuzzy feeling on the inside.I never miss an opportunity to order the garlic ginger wings; they are savory with a bit of sweet and just the right amount of char from the grill...in my opinion, these wings cannot be beat.Gluten free seems to be the way of modern day and Werewolf has a variety of GF options without sacrifice of taste and bounty. Seared Ahi Tacos, Soba Noodles, and the Beets/Brussels Salad are my picks that will surely fuel the body while tickling taste buds.Anytime is a great time to wolf down delicious treats, guzzle drinks and enjoy the scintillating ambiance at Werewolf!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/12/2014,269,277,8,14,13>Spike Africa, you're a certified, culinary prodigy: fairly new on the food scene, your age belies your experience, and you hold on to an exuberant openness that kills with charm. The latter is really the servers--- OMG - I'd hug each and everyone of you, if it wasn't creepy. My review is sorely late and for this I apologize! Please note: my friend and I were comped our meal over a misunderstanding on their beer/ small plates event. No - don't get all shady - they aren't rubes, they're just super into standing behind their service and product. I love stand-up folks, and stand -up businesses! Ahem, as I was saying aside from their making amends for what was a mutual misunderstanding (seriously like 20% off would have been fine), the meal we were treated to was incredible. We ordered just off the regular menu.I decided for the Catalina Thresher Shark and my buddy opted for the Lobster Roll. We split the hush-puppies (which I'd been told were pretty awesome) and coupled this with local, limited, seasonal brews. I don't know if it's just the chef and assistants or they have a formal 'Brigade de Cuisine,"  but, Spike Africa's sure cooks like it. The Thresher was expertly grilled, juicy, tender. MOUTHWATERING. This place delivers on quality. Yum. The accompanying veg was also just perfectly cooked, not all mushy or raw. My friend's Lobster Roll had the greatest jalapeno(?) mayo sauce on it, the bread was ever-so-slightly grilled. Lobster was tender and sweet - I can just imagine the love and reverence they must give their lobster tails. I rarely order lobster because few places can really cook it well, usually you get a rubbery overcooked mess. Hush puppies, can be underwhelming at times - it takes a deft hand to season well and fry just right: a little crunch, a light, moist interior. Well brava- You did it again. Overacheiver.  Even dessert, yes, the one, the only: BUTTERSCOTCH PUDDING. I can't. there are no words... this pudding would make Marcel Proust weep, and laugh, and just go insane. Eating this is that scene in Ratatouille - sans the disgusting vermin- where the critic eats the signature dish and is transported to his childhood happy place. Yeah. It's kinda that.  My friend remembered his abuelita - if you've ever made flan with a house full of family, you know the joys and pitfalls of making a good batch of caramelized sugar. And Spike Africa's does it right. Are they hiding an army of abuelitas clandestinely caramelizing? Yeah, sure, why not.  I was swept back to a tiny paninoteca and bakery off Via Maggio in Florence, just past Santa Minerva Sopra' Arno, my usual lunch place while I was attending school there, delving into Dante at BIanca Capelli's old palazzo. While the pudding gives a nod to early American and British trifles - in the culinary sense. It works as a traditional pannacotta as well, there's an oomph and a liveliness that the sea salt and Butterscotch Caramel definitely deliver, but the subtle cooked cream base could do wonders on its own with berries and a tiny drizzle of the same caramel for those wanting something sweeter. It would be like comparing meditation to a fiesta. You just gotta know which way you want to go.This is proof enough to me that the whole is made up of really amazing individual parts at Spike Africa's.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,2/11/2014,400,463,14,20,14>Oh. My. Goodness. If you are a foodie snooty-pants, you may look at where this place is (strip mall near a Vons in the middle of La Mesa) and dismiss it out of hand. "Pish-posh!" you will say (because I know that is how foodie snobs talk). "La-freaking-MESA? It might as well be Timbuktu! I ain't going to no East County! Harrumph!"I hope you do think that, kind of, because I want this to be my super secret *precious* spot. But I also want them to stay in business forever, so I must give my full and unbiased review.Seriously. Antica Trattoria might as well be in Italy (and I am an ITALY EXPERT having done study abroad in Firenze, but sadly having forgotten most Italian except after having a few drinks). It does Italy justice and not in a generic Ragu sauce tired kind of way.So, let me tell you first: I have to be gluten free(not for S&G, for medical reasons for reals), which mostly SUCKS as far as pasta goes. Gluten free pasta is usually tough, or stickily overdone, or a mushy mess. It is usually so bad that I forgo eating pasta at all, because it's not worth the heartache. But here. It is different here. I paid the extra $3 for gluten free penne. This came with glorious chopped braised short ribs, and the sauce was tomato mixed with the braising sauce. There were also fresh cherry tomatoes of different colors, lightly sauteed, and topped with fresh basil and goat cheese.It was good. I mean in a revelatory, ANGELS WE HAVE HEARD ON HIGH, kind of good.It was so good that I thought, "Can this really be gluten free?" I was worried! But I inspected a penne more carefully and made my husband eat one and we verified it was gluten free. I don't know how they cook it, but they know how to cook it better than other places (including my home) do. I think it was corn pasta but did not ask. It came out super duper hot.I ate and ate and I wanted to keep eating though I was full. The busboy asked if I wanted to box it and I had to say no, because we were going to do some stuff afterwards and it'd be unrefrigerated for 4 hours. Sad face. My husband had pork loin, grilled, with cranberries and a savory sauce (I think it was miele?). I had some of his and it was also tasty and juicy. He did not have to worry about any leftovers because he cleaned his plate.The food came out quite quickly and the portions were generous. The service was attentive and friendly. We got there at about 5 and got seated with no reservation, and able to choose our own table. It seemed to be filling up as we left.Entrees cost around $20 which is comparable to other places that are way way way less good.Anyway, I basically want to eat everything on the menu. So all you foodie snobs, get in your dang Prius-es (Prius-i?) and drive to La Mesa. Live a little.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,2/10/2014,275,158,7,13,11>Best Sunday brunch in San Diego bar far! Bottomless mimosa and a seafood buffet! From the make your own omelette station, to the delicious eggs benedict, to the fruits, oysters, scallops, crab, lobster, tiramisu, creme puffs, ice cream, just literally EVERYTHING is right on point.The view here, rain or shine, is ALWAYS beautiful. The service is great. The food is delicious. So the price is worth it.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,2/9/2014,57,102,6,10,7>My Dearest Cody,I love my hair. Ergo I love you. Marry me!! It would be a dream to just wake up every morning and have the magic in your fingertips do whatever it is that you did today.. Lolsies you are PHENOM!!Love,YvonneHahaha I mean what can I say.. I know I have a bf and his hot stuff probably has one too but if I could just feel how I felt about myself today for the rest of my life.. What a life it would be!! I have relatively sparse hair.. I mean.. It's your typical flat Asian hair that I have to curl to get any kind of life into.. But when I walked out of that salon my hair had so much body and volume from just a hair dryer and round brush I mean my hair was straight with a lot of lift it was unheard of!! Lol!! Super excited when I walked out.. My best friend (who had Brandy cut her hair) and I were absolutely giddy when we left.. Taking selfies and going SHOPPING bc let's face it with hair like that what don't you look good in.. Bought everything we tried on! hahaha Everything fit.. Everything looked amazing.. Including my body I swear that haircut made me look skinnier!! Bahaha.. So sad tomorrow when I wash my hair bc I have no skills and probably won't be able to replicate what his talented self did.. Actually! He taught me a lot.. Like the whole time he was drying my hair he told me what he was doing, how to do it.. Not only a haircut but hairstyling 101!! Just the kind of thing to make me go back to Cody the next time I need a trim!! Not to mention he gives a great wash and little scalp massage ahhhhh!! Hahahaa he's just the greatest! And if you're reading this Cody get on that YouTube channel/blog!! Your talent needs to be public! Thanks again!! :)))
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,2/8/2014,383,363,8,15,11>Holy Sheep, my big bro brought me here for my birthday meal last week and the hot pot here is DELICIOUS! You will definitely leave the place smelling like the aromatic spices that embody your hot pot. You've been warned. I got home and the first thing my boyfriend told me was that I smelled, lol.Aside from leaving smelling like hot pot, the food is scrumptious. The combo boxes are perfect for sharing. The ingredients are all really fresh and both the spicy and regular broths are SO flavorful. I usually like the spicier option but their regular broth is amazing and was my personal favorite! Prices are reasonable and the service is pretty quick. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,2/7/2014,180,430,8,22,10>Ok, let's cut to the chase. Is this place better than Rei do Gado? The answer: yes and no.The cuts and quality of meat, I think, are significantly better at Fogo, but the salad bar definitely goes to Rei. Rei has a wider selection of hot and cold salad bar options and their black bean stew is much better than Fogos. That being said, Fogo has a much nicer atmosphere and the interior is very pretty..too bad they only have 4 hot side dish options (mashed potatoes, polenta fries, cheese bread and fried plantains). That being said, all 4 of their hot side dishes were delicious.The service at both restaurants is pretty good, so you won't go wrong at either places. If you plan on coming, make a reservation!I think something that kind of gives Fogo a leg up is that when we went, we asked for the filets since we hadn't seen them around and within 5 minutes they were at our table. Awesome!When it comes down to it, I like both. I think if I'm mostly going to just eat meat meat meat then fogo de shao is my place to go. If I'm looking for more variety with what I plan to eat with my meat, then Rei do Gado it is.Up to you to decide which you prefer! :)
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,2/6/2014,597,525,18,22,20>WOW. I think I've found a new favorite destination to put on my weekend brunch rotation. It's been two days since I've eaten at Urban Solace, yet I'm still dreaming about my experience. My mouth is still drooling, too.After running a very hot 5k race on Saturday, we were ready for some post-race sustenance and had made reservations at a neighboring restaurant for brunch. Unfortunately, when we arrived at that particular destination, parking was not to be found anywhere; therefore, we frantically broke out our Yelp apps to search for an alternative nearby. Luckily, Urban Solace popped up and I remembered it being among the many bookmarks in my archive. So, off we went.At around 12pm or so, we walked in and were immediately seated. Not crowded at all. The exterior architecture gives off a French-like aesthetic. The focal point of the interior is the very large, beautiful bar that sports impressive seating. The artful display of the spirits is absolutely gorgeous. What's left of the space is the dining area; it's rather small, but it's been thoughtfully designed and laid out. The "Blunch" menu is impressive, showcasing selections that are so tantalizing that it makes it almost impossible to make a decision. After mulling over the menu, we finally decided to start with the* WARM CHEESE BISCUITS w/ Orange-honey butter and smoked tomato jam ($5.75). Quite possibly some of the best biscuits I've ever experienced. The biscuits are thick, and the cheese that is baked into them contrasts beautifully with the sides of orange-honey butter and tomato jam. I seriously could have made a meal out of these alone. I gravitated more towards the honey butter, but my brunch companion adored the tomato jam. Staggeringly delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about them.For our main entrees, we selected the,* QUINOA VEG BURGER ($11). I'm a quinoa slut, and believe me when I tell you that this rendition of a veggie burger using quinoa delivered on every level. In addition to the tasty accompaniments of bib lettuce, aged cheddar, and tomato, it sat on a delicious brioche bun that was lightly brushed with a house burger sauce that was absolutely heavenly.* GRILLED ALBACORE TUNA SANDWICH ($14). It's served by default rare, but my brunch date asked for it to be medium. And that they did. The lemon aioli it was served with was unique and flavorful (I tried some). A stellar sandwich.By the time we finished we were both in a food coma. A long nap was definitely in order. I really can't wait to return to Urban Solace to try out the other menu items. I'm now one of their biggest fans, for sure.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,2/5/2014,3805,2172,26,31,26>When I first walked into this place, something hit by like a load of bricks. The aromas reminded me of something special, so special that flash backs flew through my head of my mothers home cooking. So I was no doubt eager to eat at once, and I proceeded to order the chicken Alambras for only $5.75 which came with 3 piping hot corn tortillas (yelp.com/biz_photos/tako…), adobada taco at $2.49, (yelp.com/biz_photos/tako…) and I finished up with a succulent exterior griddled "queso shrimp" taco which proved to be a serious winner, at what I think was $2.89. (yelp.com/biz_photos/tako…)Where to start, well I think I should first let you know why this is not your typical Mexican Taco Shop, hence the name "Tako Factory." There concept is easy, they provide fresh food made everyday and if they run out they run out. Every morning, food is freshly prepared for only that day. No frozen gimmicks nor premade bulk items, well the results are flavors and quality of food from the Mexico City area. Now to my favorite part, the food.If you are a younger, cover your eyes and ears, because when I took my first bite into the queso shrimp, It was an XXX adult experience. Last chance......bleep, bleep, it was on the lines of an...orgasmic experience I tell you. Luckily there were no women around for at least 30 yards, because I probably would of made a comment on the lines of, "hey, what ya doing later" which would probably got me into some sort of trouble. But seriously now, the shrimp was expertly cooked to a level, they just hit their cooked point, which provided a scrumptious texture that burst in my mouth with flavor and pleasure. (yelp.com/biz_photos/tako…) Best of all, it came loaded with perfectly cooked shrimp basking in a light cream and cheese! (yelp.com/biz_photos/tako…) I know it is a faux pas to mix cheese with seafood, but in this case, the Mexican's got it right!The adobada taco was bliss as well. It was filled, I mean filled with crispy yet tender marinated pork with aggressive adobada flavors. (yelp.com/biz_photos/tako…) The light cream and flavorful fresh guacamole provided balance with their cooling affects. The taco was a winner and mind you, this was not one of those mini street tacos, but a regular size corn tortilla. The Alambras were a hit too. A Mexico City favorite, they were filled with grilled tender lightly seasoned chicken, add the crispy chewy fatty bacon, (yelp.com/biz_photos/tako…) topped with melted cheese, and sweet sauteed peppers and onions, well you have party no doubt. I used the three large corn tortillas to make my own taco (yelp.com/biz_photos/tako…) and man, were they filling and delicious.If you are tired of your typical Mexican Taco Shop and you want something more elevated along a similar theme, like some good home cooking like mother use to make, this place is a must visit. I know I will be back, so If you see me eating a queso shrimp taco, you may want to stay clear.......unless you are so incline.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,2/4/2014,489,135,13,16,17>A CHULA VISTA GEM. 50+ yrs of history!How's the pizza here? AWESOME. (a good taste of a pepperoni pizza with its pepperonis hiding under the cheese!! hehehe)Parking? Sucks. (Don't forget your coins for the meters or read on for a useful hint ;)Totally confused with the entrances in the two La Bella's buildings??? Heck yeah!  (But the pizza must be that good if I would go through such agonizing circumstances :P)My mister and I have narrowed the facts down for you so you won't feel awkward as you walk into this usually crowded pizza haven (that's right we endured embarrassment and nervous sweat so YOU can feel cool when you walk into La Bella's ;P ) Cue in to these tips:1) There are two La Bella's buildings - one is located on 3rd street (the main street in downtown Chula Vista) mostly for carry out and fast dining; the other building is adjacent to 3rd and is on G street - with games, pool tables, and a nice dining area for families. 2) Parking - we usually park on G or in the nearby neighborhood (for free hehe) and then walk in to the G street entrance. Now, when you walk in at this entrance, you'll be greeted by arcade games - just keep walking straight. As you head towards the dining area, you'll pass by pool tables. THE TRUE MAIN ENTRANCE for the dining area is at the opposite end of the G street entrance so just head toward there. If there is no host, just cooly let a server know that you and your guest(s) would like to dine in :) and BOOM you'll be seated with menus - yay!!! Hooray! You don't look like an idiot! LOL unlike us hahahahaha ENJOY YOUR AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS PIZZA FOR ME! Heck, make it a point to treat me with one in the future because of these useful tips ;)
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,2/3/2014,30,368,16,8,9>This place is the bomb fricken diggity. I was pretty drunk on my first trip in so I wasn't sure if I was dreaming about this burger with beer goggles on or if it really was at good. Returned on Saturday, totally sober, and it was just like I hazily remembered. Big, fat and juicy oozing with flavor washed down with heaping handfuls of matchstick fries and $3 sangria. OMG I want it again, now, come to Mama!!!Dag nab it now I've drooled on the iPad, until we meet again Raglan...I will miss you!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/26/2013,285,281,10,11,10>Recently I went on a business trip to Dallas and alongside my work cronies decided to 'dress up Dallas style' for a night on the town complete with cowboy boots, belt buckles and ten-gallon hats!  I didn't have any cowboy boots in my repertoire and so I borrowed a wild pair of white cowboy boots from my sister. Well, I ended up boot-scooting around town and got some scuffs.  Not to mention the fact that the boots got stored in a colored plastic bag - which ended up dying them an alarming shade of pink in many places!  Brought them into the Computerized Cobbler and they were able to bring them back into their angelic shade of white again for $8!  Phew! I was able to give them back to my sister good as new.  Shuckydarn, Computerized Cobbler saved this cowgirl from a pistol duel!
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,1/25/2013,1020,575,12,10,10>With a name like Regal Beagle, a picture of Snoopy sitting on a throne with a crown on his head and scepter in hand came to mind. Mental images aside, this place was exactly what I was looking for on a Friday night - a tap list that screamed, "Welcome back to the West Coast Grace!"Nothing makes me more happy than a New Belgium Snow Day on tap and chatting it up with a friend after a long first week at work. The place consistently held an energetic beat - watching the tickets fly across the room into the kitchen and hearing that "ding" when a dish was waiting in the window.My SD native friend asked me, "Did you try the sausages?" "Noo..." I MUST come back here to try them.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,1/24/2013,249,308,11,7,7>Look, El Dorado and the wonderful people that work there, I'm sorry.I'm sorry I got angry at you cause you're so damn good and popular.That was my first reaction about the policy in place when the place was cracking a lot more than usual, it was the same reaction that others had as we waited in line.If you could, I know you'd have infinity capacity and not keep anybody waiting, cause you're better than those douchy clubs with $20 cover and $10 nasty blue syrupy drinks. That Friday was the only time I had a bad experience and maybe it was just a bad night for everyone and I hope we can put it behind us. You have righteously earned your 5 Stars.I came back last Friday (and brought a lot of people with me) and we all had a fantastic time. Enjoying those refreshing ass perfectly balanced cocktails and shaking it to nostalgic throwback jams until the lights came on.Let's make up?
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,1/23/2013,168,425,8,11,8>It took me three attempts, but yesterday I was finally able to buy some PubCakes. We first stopped by Sunday around 4 p.m. but they were totally sold out. Then I stopped by on my way home from school on Monday but they are closed on Mondays and Tuesdays. Wednesday was my day! I stopped by around 4:45 p.m. and they had all cupcakes in stock, but were sold out of one flavor in the big cupcakes. On my way there I intended to only buy two cupcakes -- one for me and one for my husband. Then as I parked I thought four cupcakes -- two for each of us -- would be better. However as I stood and waited my turn and read the description of the cupcakes and saw them in the case, I decided it was best just to get one of each. You know, for our health. The girl helping me was so friendly and that little thing they do with the iPad when you pay with a card is totally slick. I love having a receipt come to my email instead of jammed in my wallet. She boxed up my babies and sent me on my way. Note: On the way home I stopped suddenly and my school bag started to tip towards the box of cupcakes. I have NEVER moved so quickly in my life. I caught that bag before it got anywhere near smashing my little beauties. Priorities. As soon as I got home I started sampling the PubCakes. My husband had class so it was just me and the dogs and they stared at me with a lot of confusion as I proceeded to cut cupcakes in half (so my husband could try the other half) and "Ooooh" and "Awwww" and "HOLY CRAP THESE ARE SO GOOD" my way through a few cupcakes. I've put them in the following ranking:1. Stoned Portzilla (It's like a Samoa cookie baked on top of a cupcake with an OMG filling!)2. Cafe con Speedway3. Honey Nut Beerios4. Scotch and Cran5. Punkin Vegan6. ManzaNeed ItWhat I love about these cupcakes is they aren't too sweet. The cake itself keeps a bit of bitterness from the beer but it's so nicely balanced out with the sweetness from the frosting or the filling. I personally love that there isn't six inches of frosting on top. I want to be able to take a bite of my cupcake without getting frosting up my nose, thankyouverymuch. I've passed on cupcakes in the past because they were covered in too much frosting. These are just perfect. And they are so pretty!My husband almost had a heart attack when I told him it was $20 for six cupcakes, but he's used to buying half a dozen donuts for $5 so whatever. As his punishment for freaking out I ate the other half of the Honey Nut Beerios I'd left for him. NO BEERIOS FOR YOU! But honestly I won't be purchasing six PubCakes at a time again unless it's for a party or something (because of fatness). I will, however, be stopping by for a PubCake or two on my way home from school many times. Many many times. I can't wait to see what the flavors will be next month!
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,1/22/2013,261,905,1,10,6>A night out in Gaslamp for me typically includes a few hours at Tipsy Crow. I'm not sure how it got to be this way, but it has become the default option for me and my friends over the year or so that I've lived in San Diego to finish up our night. Here's why...Pros:- Cover is always $5. I've come on Fridays and Saturdays so I doubt it's ever been higher than that. Compared to most establishments in Gaslamp, this is well priced for what you're getting.- Good quality drinks. My mentality is it's hard to get drunk off of cocktails at clubs because they always water it down and you'd have to buy plenty to start feeling it. It's not the case here. They put just the right amount of alcohol in their drinks but don't overdo it. If you're taking shots, they won't skimp on you and fill it up halfway. $5 shot specials throughout the night are awesome. - The bartenders rarely give any attitude and are always happy to help you. I've never had to wait too long to order here, especially in the crowded dance floor. Tip them a little bit extra and they'll love you forever.- The downstairs dance floor is always poppin' and the music never seems to disappoint. Sure you'll get one or two songs you won't like, but the club doesn't revolve around your musical tastes. The song transitions are typically flawless and you won't leave disappointed. The crowd isn't too creepy and usually consists of your average mix of college students and 20-30 somethings. - The upstairs is a relaxed environment if you just want to get a few drinks and sit down to talk. It's a good contrast from the busy dance floor and the decor makes you feel quite elegant. Cons:Nothing really. I've never a rude employee here except for one time where I was trying to be too picky. That one is on me. I'm not sure if they still do this, but every 4th check-in you do on Foursquare gets you 50% off something (I think it was either tequila shots or your whole tab). Either way, Tipsy Crow is a great bar/club for any occasion and group of people.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,1/21/2013,554,155,9,25,14>Wow, what a hidden gem!  I heard about this place for a while now, but never had a chance to actually go because tickets sell out FAST (especially if it's a popular movie) -- get tickets Thursday night at 6pm, ASAP!This mini outdoor movie theatre is great for a date, or for movie watching with friends!1.  great seats -- I wanted to take an anti-gravity seat home with me!2. chill, relaxing atmosphere.3. concessions are only 2 bucks -- coffee, beverages, popcorn, etc.4. looney tunes before motion picture.5. THEY PLAY CLASSIC MOVIES!6. they have blankets for you.7. right next to lefty's pizza and TOPS hair salon8. also good for tailgate parties (not really my thing though)Can someone go again with me? :D
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/19/2013,75,217,6,18,6>My abstract for this review (I've been reading too many papers lately...): OMAKASE OMAKASE OMAKASE. It's ~100 a person, but you get 5 courses and a meal you will never forget, so really it's quite economical. You must do this at least once. DO NOT BE AFRAID. Ota will take care of you. After that you can come back for all the other wonders this place has to offer. Full Text (with as few spoilers as possible...wouldn't want to take the magic out of it!):What I love about this place is that it marries everything I love about sushi in Japan and everything I love about Japanese places here in America. It has that sushi-place-in-a-mini-mall unassuming vibe that I adore (see Shibuya in LA). As you walk up to it you have no idea if you are in the right place (sandwiched between car dealerships and a Planned Parenthood? Really?) But then you walk in, and you are taken to a simple but elegantly decorated restaurant that seems like it could be in the heart of Tokyo (except it is a lot more spacious, and on the first floor!) and you feel like you've stepped into another world. The entire staff is Japanese, and they are very genial and respectful. They ask you to finish quickly if you have no reservation (they are very efficient people and do the same in Japan) and you nod. As they serve you, there are aspects of their dishes that ring of classic American restaurant technique and it is all married with the beauty of classic Japanese sushi making. It's the best of both worlds, and it is absolutely fabulous.But that's enough reflection on the ambiance. SO, here's what we got:First, an amuse bouche of halibut; a canelle of a sweet, tangy and at the same time savory taro puree; subtle, succulent snow crab; and dots of balsamic. Exquisite.Second comes the sashimi, with the shrimp still swaying their feelers back and forth. I thought it was a little morbid, but they fry them up for you (if you ask--make sure you do, they're fantastic) after you're done so at least they don't suffer for too long...right? The sashimi platter had a number of beautiful cuts of fish and was a lovely way to start the meal.Third, the baked items. Flaky decadent miso cod (better than Nobu's by light years!) veggies, eggplant, a magical little fish cracker and uni paste...my goodness.Fourth, the fried items. I would actually shank a person for their green tea salt. I won't spoil it for you, but you should get excited.Fifth, the sushi. A whole platter of Ota's best offerings. Sweet candy-like broiled eel, soft and decadent chu-toro. Uni with a sweet depth of flavor that will astound you, melting like sweet, decadent butter over your tongue. Little plum rolls at the end to cleanse your palate. It is a masterpiece.Finish up with some (strong! Is that just booze in there?) plum wine jello or green tea ice cream, and you will be ending a meal you will remember fondly for the rest of your days. It just doesn't get better than this. (At least not in San Diego, anyway!)
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,1/18/2013,83,108,3,6,5>I was walking down the hallway of my apartment and smelled the sweet aroma of bo kho, i don't know whether or not my neighbors were making bo kho, but it reminded me of my mom's home cooking. since i wasn't that ambitious to drive 8 hours to my mom's house, I opted to look for bo kho (vietnamese beef stew) in San Diego. We found Pho Point Loma to be our destination to satisfy this unwavering craving. here's the break down of what we ordered:spring rolls - too much bean sprout, not enough noodlesegg rolls - delish! - banh mi thit nuong - pretty good, the thit nuong wasn't overly greasy bo kho - the beef stew was delicious, the stew itself was seasoned just right, not overly salty, not sweet, great to dip my banh mi (baguette) in. unfortunately, the carrots were not cooked all the way through, it was super hard to bite into --- and carrots in bo kho should melt in your mouth. this was the only disappointment, but still didn't take away from the taste of the rest of the beef stew.BUT, let me tell you the highlight of this place, the food comes out in THE SPEED OF LIGHT quickness. we ordered and got maybe 3 syllables out of our mouths, and our food was presented on our table. it was amazing, as if they could mind read what we wanted. i'm on a hunt for more bo kho places, but if i'm in point loma area i definitely will stop by here to get my fix.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,1/17/2013,498,437,9,12,8>OKAAAAY, who seriously looks forward to the twice a year Restaurant Week event?!? Uhhhh I DO!! It allows me to eat at swanky places like this. Had a date night with a friend here and after viewing the menu on San Diego Restaurant Week's website I got overly excited! Crabcakes, steak tartare, white chocolate creme brulee, filet mignon... we're all calling my name! I saw on yelp, that this was a dressy dressy not so messy restaurant. So I put on some heels, a little cocktail dress, accesorized and was on my way. Initial thought as I walked in was,"WHOA, IT IS DAAAARK!". It took a few minutes for my eyes to adjust. Bring a jacket also ladies, because it was chilly in there as well. Nonetheless, restaurant was intimate, cozy, and romantic. You really do need to have reservations. There couldn't have been more than 8 tables in there. Moving on to the good stuff! Since this was called a Martini Lounge, I opted for a Martini vs. my usual glass of red wine. I got the Cucumber Mint Martini which was just a tad too strong but absolutely refreshing. My date got a cab which got me a little jelly since it was so smooth and went perfect with his meal.Appetizers: Crab cake and Filet Mignon tartare- The crabcake was delicious. It was breaded on the outside and full of juicy crabmeat on the inside. A little different from the norm but I enjoyed it. The Filet Mignon tartare was good but a little bland for my taste. It was missing salt and possibly that needed crunch (onion? celery?). Entree: I opted for the local special fish since it was my all time fave: the yellowtail. Cook to PERFECTION. Tender, falvorful, and the heirloom tomatoes and what looked to be a pesto puree drizzled up and all over was YUM! The +1 ordered the filet mignon which again was cooked JUST RIGHT. Medium rare, flavorful and  the veggies and mushrooms that came with it was diiiivine!Desserts: Te peanut butter tart and white chocolate creme brulee with a decaf americano was right up my alley. I hate that I've become such a sweet tooth this past year as it's getting hard to find time to work all that off. But man, I can't say that this didn't end the meal the right way! Loved the place overall and interesting to find out that one of my local faves, Red Door (which is next door), is affiliated. Good food rolls together!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,1/16/2013,174,67,23,29,17>I heard about this gym from a few friends that go here. I decided that I just wanted to try something new and switch up my workout. Also be able to learn something new and be physically challenged. You can only get SO good at circuit training and being a hamster on a treadmill.I took Nez's kickboxing class the first time I came here. I was very humbled after the good ass kicking that I received.  Such a good workout. It was challenging the whole time and also fun.  I was convinced after taking one class that I wanted to join this gym.  So far I have taken the boxing classes with  Danny, Calvin, and Mel.  Those classes were also difficult and challenging in a good way.  All the instructors are really motivating so you won't want to quit no matter how exhausted you get. Each of them also have a different style of teaching so you're doing something new in each class. They are all awesome!Some of the things I say in my head during class to get me through the hour:"Really?? Really???""Oh F*&$ not these.... anything but these..." "ok SH&^* just got real""I hope I don't yack"why?""this minute feels like an ETERNITY!!!" (that's what she said)"did I just make a sweat puddle?............"Hahah!  Whatever helps right???Overall this is a great gym. I highly recommend coming here if you want to be on a whole different level of fitness. I was slightly intimidated at first but the whole staff is awesome and welcoming. This facility is also very clean!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,5/26/2014,1428,724,13,14,11>OH MY GOD yes. Le Rossi brought me here as he claimed it was the best frutas (smoothies) place around. He was right. Rossi is always right.I parked around the corner and refused to get out of the car til he came and got me cause this area is kinda hood. lol.They have AAALL the flavors.All.of.Them.For $5.Coco, rompope, guanabanana, platano (banana), cajeta,...even La Abuelita chocolate. It really brought me back to my childhood and all the goodies my abuelita would have at her house for me and my cousins. It's the bestest most magical place ever.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,5/25/2014,971,479,8,14,10>A hidden gem away from Convoy and the rest of the Asian restaurants.  Service is always great.  They give you about 10 side dishes that are delicious.  I've had several dishes but my favorite that I return for is the GALBI STEW.  It reminds me of Galbi Jim that I once loved in Hawaii.  It's so flavorful and goes great with rice.  Talk about hitting the spot.  Other dishes I've had are jap chae, bulgogi and bbq galbi.  YUMMY!  Nuff said.  This place is a little small and can get busy.  Call ahead  to see if there's a wait.  I will definitely return and recommend this place to all.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,5/24/2014,441,198,15,13,11>Oh man . . . . I wish I didn't like this place when the carboholic cravings kick in. I'm a fan of the do it yourself self serve . . . with tongs *hanging head in shame* and. . . pizza plate size tray *wiping sweat off brow* . . . to hold copious amounts of carbs. There's something industrious and productive about manhandling your baked goods, but it doesn't negate the productive caloric deposits. I've recently discovered a black and white cookie which is about as close to American style icing heavy pastry as possible - and the best part is, it's not close enough. I enjoy this moderately frosted cookie much more than anything in an American bakery. The cochito pastry stands out as one of my favorites. Tastes gingerbready with a spongier texture for an overall tastefully sweet experience. I am ashamed that it's in the shape of a little pig, but . . . . you are what you eat!!!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,5/23/2014,74,21,6,27,24>This place has great taste of Russian food and i am much impressed with the food and services there. caramelized onions, Vareniki are of great taste and I am very impressed with that.So, the plan was made y my friends and I didn't refused the offer. I needed a hangout and was preplanned. Great time spent there.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,5/22/2014,853,525,21,21,19>I get to pour my own beer? Awww yeeaahh! Don't mind if I do!It's kinda like customizing a frogurt cup or shoveling your favorite trail mix from the bulk bin, but instead of getting granola wasted, this one requires a valid license (or equivalent) & a charge card to get the magical RFID bracelet that unlocks the beer flow and tracks your poured ounces. The pour limit is set at 32oz, so you need to *not* look like a sloppy train wreck liability from that 21st bday before they'll reset your RFID. And unlike frogurt or trail mix, you don't need to combine all the flavors in a single glass, but you can if you want.Looks like there have been some growing pain issues since recently opening, like foamy pours, larger readable menus, and a broader distribution of available beer styles. If you don't know how to pour a beer, then you're gonna have a bad time. I love lots of head like the next guy, just not in my pint glass.Of the handful of taps I pulled, there was only one instance of excess foam. I also noticed a tap was temporarily out of order, but it was quickly resolved. Good to know there is someone on site for beer tech support. I'm sure they can update their e-tablet screens to display larger font, or somehow utilize their available blank wall space to incorporate a dynamic menu board. I also noticed that they're heavy on IPAs, which is good news for hopheads. The Wifey would have liked another cider or lambic option; maybe even a sour. Oh well, not a dealbreaker since there are some non-IPA seasonals in the mix.Service is good. Other than ensuring there's enough to drink, a lot of the grind on a busy night is keeping the glassware in rotation: cleared off tables, washed, sanitized, then back on the shelves. Kudos to the runners for hustling around and doing a fantastic job, especially for making sure there wasn't any lipstick or other cross contaminant on my glass.There's no kitchen here, but like many microbrewery spots around town, a food truck is around on their schedule. Maybe an opportunity for a neighbor restaurant to work up some exclusive bar bites?Next time I should get a pouring spoon so I can make my version of a Black Velvet or Snakebite.Would I come back? Yeah. I'm a fan of the fun DIY concept and the while they're still ironing out some kinks, the product is moving in the right direction...into my beer glass. CHEERS!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,5/21/2014,201,526,6,14,7>Beautiful little cafe near the Glider Port with a great view and quiet atmosphere for a delicious breakfast!  I came here around 8:30 am, and there was only one other person here on a weekday morning.  I sat outside on the balcony with a friend and we enjoyed a tasty breakfast with a lovely view of the ocean.  I have to say, their quiches are out of this world.  My friend had the black truffle and leek quiche, and I wanted to inhale the whole thing!  I ordered the Farmer's panini, which was good, but definitely paled in comparison to the quiche.  The veggies in it were pretty mild, but the roasted red pepper aioli was bomb.  We also split a croissant since they had just popped out of the oven, and with a spread of their house fig jam, this thing was also amazing!  Steaming hot center, buttery and flaky, super soft, yummy goodness.  I will definitely be back here for breakfast, and next time I will order a quiche!There is a paid parking lot just next to the restaurant-- don't be deterred like I was and park a zillion miles away-- they validate for parking.  Take a stroll or drive out the Glider port for a beautiful view of the coast and watch the gliders float around in the sky, or take your own glider for a ride!  Service is super warm and friendly, and you can tell the staff love the food they serve, and with good reason.  Thank you, Bella Vista Social Club & Caffe for a lovely morning, and perfect start to my day!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,5/20/2014,59,729,10,13,11>Was craving a burger today and realized I had not been down this way in a long long time.  Maybe the smelly hippies have kept me away?  Maybe not? Anyways..........  We got there around 2:00 and there was absolutely no wait at all.  We got a booth and placed our order.  I got a single bacon cheeseburger with onion rings, my wife got a single hamburger with onion rings and we split a chocolate shake.  $30.00 after tip and everything.  Was it worth it?  Yeah, kind of.  The food.................Single Bacon Cheeseburger-  Was not super hungry or else I would have maybe gone with the double.  I'm glad I chose the single though.  The burger is really good albeit VERY messy.  I got mine with no tomato and no mayo.  I think next time here, I am going without any "wet" condiments (pickles, mustard, ketchup etc).  The burger bun was falling apart near the end and it was sopping wet.  Both my wife and I agreed that it was because of the pickles probably.  The burger itself was tasty, the cheese super melty and the patty of bacon was delicious.  Next time I'm rolling with just cheese, meat, onions and bacon....Ill add a little ketchup or mustard on my own.  Besides falling apart near the end, this was a tasty burger and it satisfied my craving.  Is it my favorite burger ever? No.  Was it good?  Yes sir!Onion Rings-  These were great.  I got them as part of the "basket".  They give you around 5-6 onion rings which is a decent amount.  They are super crispy and piping hot.  They were tasty!Chocolate Shake-  Their shakes are awesome!  They give you a giant shake cup with about 2 extra full scoops of ice cream hanging off the edge.  Messy as hell and dripping down the cup, but it sure was delicious.  Probably my favorite part of the meal.Service is ALWAYS 5 stars here.  Every time I have been to Hodads, I have been impressed with their staff.  They are all friendly and get you whatever you need.....fast too.  I like how they have a candy jar up by the register too!This is a San Diego institution.  Everyone should come here at least once.  Might not be the best burger you have ever had, but its a pretty darn good one and a very cool spot to check out.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,5/19/2014,575,62,16,16,13>I prefer this yogurt spot over Golden Spoon any day. My husband and I always argue which is better so let me tell you the same reasons I tell him: 1) Self-serve: This means I can be a fat ass if I want to (I usually want to). I can mix up as many flavors as I want to (combine chocolate with green tea and no one looks at you weird). I can throw on as many toppings as I want to. I can pile as high as I want to. I can even put toppings at the bottom of the cup if I want to. 2) Asian style toppings and flavors: I'm half Taiwanese so I grew up on weird shit, like fish heads and BBQ dog and pig intestines and I don't always like to drive to Clairemont to get my fix. I live in La Mesa so this is just close enough for red bean (the topping and filling of the dessert gods), tapioca jellies, lychee fruit, condensed milk, and taro yogurt to hit my lips. 3) Late night: This place is open until midnight. That is all. 4) College life: For all you pervs out there, you'll always see girls getting yogurt in yoga pants post-workout and who doesn't love girls in yoga pants?!?!All together,  I love the vibe here. Lights are bright, music is upbeat, clean bathrooms, toppings are always stocked, the flavors always change, and the service has been good. If you subscribe to their mailing list, you'll get emails about when their flavors change and if you want condensed milk, you have to ask the employees because they have to keep it in the refrigerator. If I did not care about my goals at the gym then I would be here every single day. Probably multiple times. Hope this helps Yelpers!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,5/18/2014,279,127,10,17,13>AMAZING VEGAN DONUTS!!If you're vegan or just looking for vegan options in San Diego, Donut Panic is a place worth bookmarking!  I love me some donuts, but I've recently changed my diet that forced me to give this up - until NOW!!  i first popped in on a Friday afternoon.  When I first arrived, I was lost.  I had the right address, but I didn't see any obvious signage.  Turns on Donut Panic has taken over Sunshine Donuts, and has yet to place their new signage.  I walked in and asked the lady behind the counter if this was in fact Donut Panic, and she happily confirmed.  I came specifically for their vegan donuts, but didn't see any.  Turns out the lady behind the counter was the owner and she informed me that she only makes vegan donuts on the weekends.  This is where I took off one star.  So I happily returned late Sunday morning (~11am) and was able to sample two: rose water cardamom and raspberry filled citrus glazed donuts.  Both were extremely delicious.  The texture for both donuts were moist and soft.  I really loved the rose water cardamom glazed donut.  My hubby, on the other hand, loved the raspberry filled citrus donut.  Both glazes were flavorful and not too sugary.  Their vegan donuts are regular-sized and shockingly affordable.  Each donut was $1.50, which is amazing because most vegan and gluten-free foods are always priced much higher.  Although these are vegan donuts, Donut Panic does not lack in the creativity department.  The flavor combinations are unique and these donuts are spectacular to look at.  On sight alone, there is no way you would know it's "vegan".  Because I arrived late morning, most of the vegan donuts were sold, but again the owner was in the process of already making another batch.  At first, I agreed to wait 15-20 minutes to see her fresh batch of vegan donuts, but I remembered I needed to pick up my run packet in Carlsbad (bummer).  Overall, these vegan donuts are amazing and mouthwatering.  I'm hoping the demand for Donut Panic's vegan donuts grows and forces them to make it daily rather than on weekends, but I am grateful nevertheless that there is a donut shop that offers one of my favorite vices that does fit my new diet.  However, vegan or not, these donuts are definitely worth a try.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,5/17/2014,1070,356,13,10,8>Ohhh the memories and stories that take place after a night of karaoke.....Chorus is one of my favored karaoke spots in San Diego.  I've come here three times now and each time just keeps getting better and better.  The last time we were here was a Friday night.  The special for the night was Hennessy shots for $5.  Really?!?!?  You're just asking for it now!  We started out at the bar ordering Hennessy shots.Then we migrated into the room and ordered more Hennessy shots.The girls ordered food while the guys kept ordering Hennessy shots.I figured it was time to start slowing down on the Hennessy shots so we started to ask for a glass of ginger-ale to add to the Hennessy shots.  Not sure if this was a good idea since it seemed like Hennessy shots were being ordered more frequently.The girls start singing their hearts out.  The guys start picking slow jams to serenade the girls to.  Everyone is having a jolly good time.  My friend texts me and asks where Im at.  So she joins us wanting to get at our level.  So we order more Hennessy shots.  I ask for my tab and here comes my bill with 27 Hennessy shots...... And this was my tab!  Who knows how many shots were on my friends tab.Good times?  Hell to the yes!  Service was great that night.  I think we timed how fast the server came to our room after we had hit the button.  And let me tell you, they were there within seconds!  The manager hooked us up with some free appetizers and one round of shots.  Thank you sir!  Let it be known that I was the only one to score a 98 when I sang Boys 2 Men....  I told you ladies not to fall in love with me when I start to sing!
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2008,2/11/2009,87,102,11,16,12>A Lucha Libre themed taco shop? Oh yeah.Le decor? Bright pink paint mixes well with the sewn masks of luchadores (Octagon was my fave) on zebra print chairs and "mascaras" hanging as you enter the restroom. The best part? The special gold booth in the corner. The cashier told me if you call 24 hrs. in advance, you can reserve the booth and receive full waiter service. Will the food cost more? Nope, you get the extra perks without the buck. Nice.Le food? For about $6 I attempted to consume 5 monstrous rolled tacos, beans and rice. By taco #3 I needed to tap out and have someone else take over. It's hard to stop eating when they have the salsa of gods: CILANTRO SALSA. I don't know what's in that, but it's good...really good! If you eat nothing else, munch on cilantro salsa and chips. Trust me, you will NOT be disappointed.So my first trip was stellar! The second one? Not so much. When I ordered my rolled tacos, there was a distinct taste (and slight smell) of fish. Now for someone who doesn't like the taste of fish (ahem moi), it wasn't good. -1 star for breaking one of the cardinal rules of cooking: never EVER use the oil where fish was fried to make something else. Yes, recycle-reduce-reuse but taste should NEVER be compromised.  Ahem, cilantro salsa rocks!
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2008,2/10/2009,146,127,18,13,13>A is for ambience, it's really nice indeedB is for busser boys as cute as can beC is for cool music spinning, thank you DJE is for edimame which I could eat everydayF is for frugal late night menu, good deals yes indeed!G is for glug, glug, cuz their sake cocktails rock (nope, no rhyme here)H is for Harney (I'm getting lazier by the second)I like to eat here often (lazeee....)Jeez I'm not sure I can go onKampai! (ok, I'm over it)I used to come here with a huge crew of co-workers (all food industry folks, mind you). We were always treated well (but y'all know servers are the best tippers). We had pretty decent sushi, always great music, and plenty of cocktails. I appreciate the late night menu (served from 10PM to midnight I believe), which had some pretty standard rolls.We always ate well (and unfortunately spent a good chunk of our tips- even with the happy hour menu, it's still cost a shiny penny), and had good times.For sushi aficionados, this isn't the best sushi. Not too bad, but I (and you) have had better. It's more about ambiance. It's dark and chic. The venue hosts a more upscale hipster crowd: indie elite, yuppies, and the like. I really just like the fact that they're open reasonably late.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2008,2/9/2009,88,58,20,15,15>Being a perennial optimist has it's disadvantages. You see, you are constantly setting yourself up for failure. I had these two friends leave our humble little village of Encinitas for the big city lights and glamour of Golden Hill. I was concerned, that they would lose their identity. Jreg and Genny (I jumbled the letters of their names to keep their identities safe) made such an optimistic leap of faith. I am not sure they lost their identity but they sure did find Hamiltons Tavern. It's a good thing to, 'cause I really like beer and greasy food. I also needed a reason to visit Jreg and Genny, but just seeing them was no incentive for such a long drive. Now there is an incentive. That incentive is South Park's version of Cheers. Except no one knows your name, and it's so crowded there, they probably are not glad you came. Lets face it, those booths are pretty hard to come by.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,2/8/2009,83,183,24,19,18>I have two dogs, but you only ever really hear about one.  That's because one is smart, and the other is stupid.  My little girl Penelope, while I love her to death, is about as sharp as a marble.  While she has the best intentions, she is too curious for her own good and does not have enough brain cells to back it up.  Little Penelope loves to eat things.  She also loves to chew the things that she cannot eat.  At a young age, Penny started showing an interest in electrical cords.  A sniff, a tentative lick - and this was met with firm opposition from her dad.  A firm scolding, a pat on the butt, a tap on the nose with the electrical cord itself - I thought it was over and done with, Peanut is a sensitive girl and usually only needs one scolding to stop what she is doing.  The lure of the cord was just too strong for her.  One fateful day the computer cord was tucked away under the couch.  Our cunning little Peenee thought she was safe - and she was, from her dad anyway.  But she had no idea what the electrical cord had in store for her.  Penny started to scream.  Luckily during her convulsions, she pulled the plug out of the wall, so I don't think she got electrocuted for too long.  Abby quickly grabbed the cord and pulled her out from under the couch.  Penny was still screaming and attached to the cord, probably because she couldn't let go.  I had the bright idea of trying to knock her off - so while the poor thing was screaming and swinging by this cord, I slapped her.  Luckily, all she did was swing around so she didn't get hit too hard - poor thing!  Anyway, after we pried her jaw open a waft of burnt smell came out.  Her mucus membranes along with the skin around her eyes had turned gray. We took her to this animal hospital.  They were really nice at the front desk and were quick to take Pee-nop back.  They had a doctor check her out quickly, and she was cleared of any burns of trauma to the mouth and surrounding areas.  The doctor explained that in these cases, the main concern is pulmonary edema that can build up in the hours after electrocution.  They wanted to observe her for the next 24 hours.  At this point, I had insurance, so I wasn't even concerned with the cost.  They did, however, explain in detail everything that they wanted to do up front and the estimated cost.  We got to speak with the doctor for a good amount of time and she explained all the concerns in detail.  We agreed to let them keep Penny overnight.  After about 4 or 5 hours, the doctor felt comfortable with discharging Princess Pee-now.  We got a phone call, went over, and spoke to the doc again.  She explained why the Princess was ready to go home.  The front desk then went over all the charges - there were no surprises or any unnecessary costs, and the bill was less than the estimate.  I was pretty satisfied with the care we received here.  When they brought Peanut out, she was so excited she peed herself, and they didn't seem to mind.  Penny has since become older and wiser, and also has better control of her bladder.  I would come here again if I had another emergency, but so far, Princess stays away from the electrical cords.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,2/7/2009,59,729,8,9,8>I was messaging with my boy Chris B. and asked him what he was doing this weekend.  He said he might go check out a taco shop hes been hearing about.  As soon as he said those words "taco" it made me salivate.  I had to get me some tacos this weekend also.  The lady was going out to eat with her friends so I decided it was the perfect Saturday to go on a mini taco mission.  Once you plant the seed, thats all you think about until you actually get some.  Thank you Chris!  Hope your taco hunt goes well this weekend.I first saw this place driving down El Cajon Blvd on the way to Pro Kids golf course down on 52nd St.  We used to drive by all the time and you could see the rack of pork sitting in the window.  I was always hesitant to try it though.  Boy oh boy was I missing out!  I also read a review a few years ago by this guy Kirk.  Great SD food website if you want to check it out.  mmm-yoso.typepad.com.   I pull up and there is a spot right in front.  I get out of my car and look in the window but there is no spit of pork.  Boo and hiss!  I still went in anyways and hoped for the best.  I placed an order for 2 Adobada tacos, 1 Carne Asada taco and 1 Cabeza taco.  Never had a cabeza taco before so I wanted to try it out.  Within a few minutes the guy working there brought out my tacos and I was ready to grub.  I started with the cabeza taco.  It tasted pretty good.  Beefy with a little waxy type coating/texture.  Tasted alright but then I looked at it.  It had like connective tissue and crap like that.  Its one of those things that if you were blindfolded and tried it, you would like it.  If you stare at it, not so much ;-).  Grubbed that one down and then went onto the asada.  The asada was real good.  Just a dab of guacamole, cilantro and onions.  Good stuff.  The adobada tacos were the winner of the bunch though.  I could eat these alot more often.  Tasty charred bits of pork are delicious.  1.50 each for the tacos which is not bad.  I havent had street tacos in a long time and forgot how small they were.  The tortillas were awesome.  Some of the best I have had.  You could easily eat 5 or 6 tacos.  I only had 4 because I had another place to go........
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,2/6/2009,92,130,5,9,6>OK. So I attended my first match/battle on Saturday night when the girls took on the OC Derby Dolls.  First of all SD won the bout 114-50 and put on quite  show while doing so.  My friend told me about the match and I was 100% in. I didn't even know that this existed in San Diego!  It's definitely not like the derby battles you have seen in the movies, I was informed that you have to go to LA to see matches on the banked track, but the girls are talented and hardcore all the same.  The rules are pretty simple, the website and the fliers at the matches help you keep up, and it is tons of fun.  I mean these girls are slamming each other at full speed and hitting concrete.  Sure the knee and elbow pads help, but they aren't wearing hip and upper body pads!  Basically I am inspired and am contemplating trying it out.  From their website it looks like anyone can come out and try.  A great time that is for sure! We will be back!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2009,2/5/2009,275,64,19,23,22>I always thought this restaurant was a tourist trap. That changed when I went here last December.We were lucky enough to be seated on the enclosed patio where the view of the water and Coronado is quite awesome. The restaurant was bit packed but our waiter didn't mind that we had to wait for almost an hour for the rest of our party. He was very friendly and accommodating. I ordered the Hawaiian Ono with Lemon Lime Cilantro Sauce served with Grilled Asparagus and Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes. One bite into the fish and I knew my meal was going to be great. It was cooked perfectly! So perfect that the sauce wasn't really necessary anymore because it was already so flavorful and juicy.One more thing - The chef was kind enough to oblige to our request to open up the lobster for our grandfather. Not only did he open it up, he took out all the meat and placed it in a small dish!
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,2/4/2009,413,616,14,13,14>one of the best and worst things about my early childhood was the fact that my dad's job (MAGICIAN) allowed him the freedom to stay home with us, his two oldest, but still too young to go to school, daughters.while on a bad day that meant we got dragged to the bank and the magic shop for 1,000 hours, on a good day it meant we got a trip to the beach and gross, gross food. i loved gross, gross food then, and i love it still. matter of fact, there is nothing like, say, a disgusting jack in the box taco to take me back to being five years old, having just spent all day in the ocean, and being super duper hungry and then enjoying a zillion times more what i was about to eat.the palate of my youth was limited - severely. at mexican food restaurants, i could always be counted on to order a quesadilla, insisting that it's tortillas be completely unsullied by such disgusting things as guacamole and salsa. but, oh, porkyland had good quesadillas and oh, the smells of other food in there sure stayed with me. now, i'll eat pretty much everything, except onions. i don't like the chicharron tacos here and sometimes the salsa is sub-par, but everything else is A+, and comes with a heavy side of nostalgia.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2008,2/2/2009,413,1019,18,23,20>We took over this fine establishment one Saturday afternoon. We being me and a bunch of other burger loving Yelpers. It was really tough to pick something because there were so many good options, but I figured I'd go for the Western - a burger topped with gyros. I also ordered a side of onion rings.Service was friendly and considering they had about 20 orders to make because of us, it was surprisingly fast, which was good because I was starving. The burgers are chargrilled and while it was cooked a little longer than I would have liked, the flavor was good. Adding the gyros on top added to the flavor of the burger. A total winner. The onion rings were good - totally crispy on the outside and just the right texture on the inside.I would totally come back here for burgers. A great little neighborhood joint.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,2/1/2009,735,735,22,22,22>Signed pictures of huge marlin, swordfish, bass and other large sea creatures caught by tourists and locals alike adorn the walls at Cass Street Bar and Grill.  Opposite their bar is a long shuffleboard table that spans the entire depth of the room.  On busy nights, shuffleboard drama sometimes breaks out when players who have chalked their names up on the wait list can't tell what order they've been written down in.  After midnight, everyone is drunk anyhow and their names become illegible white smudges on the board.  You can sometimes find our hero here playing shuffleboard on a slow weeknight when nobody is waiting around to be the next to play.Cass Street B&G is a perfect out of the way watering hole to shoot some pool, down some $7.50 pitchers of Honey Brown beer and watch skate videos any random night in Pacific Beach.  It's also dangerously close to our hero's preferred parking spot near the intersection of Cass and Diamond whenever he drives out to PB to soak up some rays.  Walking by Cass Street B&G twice on the way to and from the beach makes it hard to say no to "just one drink".PROS:- Cheap pitcher specials starting at $7.50.- Low douche factor for PB.- Heated shuffleboard rivalries.CONS:- The open air windows let in a lot of cigarette smoke from the nicotine addicts outside.- When shuffleboard rivalries nearly turn into fistfights.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,7/16/2009,13792,257,10,63,56>Our best friends, Jan and Steve, are down from Montana for the winter.  To celebrate we took them to Terra for Restaurant Week.  I did a quick  My Open Table reservation (opentable.com ) and emailed our friends a copy.  The ladies were on a shopping trip so Steve picked me up and we arrived a few minutes early, just in time for a glass of wine.  We had a few sips of the New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc (Nobilo '08) when the ladies arrived.  Mathew, our waiter, brought two more glasses.  klwines.com/detail.asp?s…New on the wine list at Terra is this fine wine, Chateau St. Jean Fume Blanc, Lyon Vineyard, Alexander Valley.  We tried it and loved it.  Highly recommended.  chateaustjean.comFirst Course:  everyone ordered something different:Salty peppery Calamari with garlic, green onion and chili flakes:  Steve loved it, Jan and I had a taste, we did too.Coconut dusted Crab Cakes, hot mustard:  Jan said they were the best she has ever had; I like my taste too.Pumpkin Raviolis, roasted corn cream, toasted hazelnuts:  Dona enjoyed but said the edges were a little tough.House arugula, radicchio, gorgonzola cheese, candied pecans, honey walnut:  I loved it, may go again just for this.Second Course:  Mathew recommended the pork chop for our second course or his favorite the flat iron steak.Bone-in Pork Chop caramelized sweet potato, apple-golden raisin chutney:  Excellent and amazing, three of us had it and loved every forkful.  The wedge of sweet potato was fantastic.  Steve substituted the roasted garlic potato mash which he said was delicious.Chef Jeff Rossman stopped by our table.  We enjoyed talking about shows on the Food Network and if what happened in his kitchen came anywhere near to the TV shows.  Chef Jeff said sometimes it was exactly like TV, everything was in rapid motion to meet the full dining room and their catering orders.  Check out the picture of Chef Jeff I uploaded to Terra. For Dessert our orders split two and two.  We had two of the Samoa Cheesecake with Dulce de Leche cookie crust cinnamon caramel and two of the Caramelized Apple Bread Pudding with butternut squash ice cream.  Both were excellent.Restaurant week has been extended but hurry if you want to try these great offerings.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,7/15/2009,182,104,17,21,16>If the TJ Dog from Lucha Libre and La Puerta were to box: La Puertas would bring the TKO.$2 Tacos, $2 TJ Dogs, $2 Tecates all on Tuesday!Hellz yeah.I am generally a traditionalist when it comes to food...no effing fat-free, no low-cal, no saccharine-for-sugar-veggie-soy-substitute-meat-­food for me.  Gimme full-fat in my milk, real sugar in my tea, and only cow lips and assholes in my hot dogs.  However, I do concede that the cuisiniers at La Puerta have stumbled on to a tasty turkey dog!  Be it the brand or the attention given once coddled in savory salted swine I bravo the turkey TJ dog at La Puerta. The street tacos are full flavor and the green salsa is deelish:  very fresh with a distinctive citrus twist.The margs have fresh lime juice and the selection of tequilas is mind boggling.  If you're into a splurge, I suggest sipping a shot of the Clase Azul.  I like this place...but watch out: the Margs are not cheap (a little extravagant, but well worth the spread - remember you are Downtown)!  Go on Tuesday and stick to the cans of Tecate if you want more economical buzz and stuff your face with uber-nummy TJ dogs.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,7/14/2009,332,232,12,16,11>Donovans is serious, and they mean business! We had cocktails in the bar while waiting for our table and since it was happy hour they bring out mini steak sandwiches and burritos which were so good! (They'd better be after spending $30 on two martini's! Not including tip!) But, Dean the bartender, was really nice and the martini glasses were a decent size so I was happy. Next we were seated in a lovely little table in the back. For appetizer we ordered the Seafood Tower. ORDER THIS IF YOU GO THERE! It's a special app not always on the menu and it is phenomenal! I posted a pic so take a look. Amazing lobster tail, crab claws and legs and prawns were presented beautifully and with a variety of sauces it was heavenly. Seriously, it was good enough that I'd order it as my entree next time! Then I had the filet medallion and bacon wrapped scallops with baked potato and veggies. Everything was perfect. My guy had the bone in rib eye and he was delighted. We split the side of Mac and cheese and had a bottle of wine and we could barely walk out of there! As for the multiple server situation everyone has mentioned, it seemed we had a main server, a cocktail server and a water and bread refresher. I'm not a hundred percent sure this is what was going on, but all three of them worked well together and it didn't bother me at all. It is a perfect location for a romantic dinner out, business meeting, of happy hour get together. I would go there again in a heart beat. P.s. I wish I had worn stretchy pants or sweats cuz my belly sure expanded after the meal!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,7/13/2009,220,117,16,18,19>I loves me a good sangwich - I'm all about the mock-convenience of delicious fillings shoved between two chunks of bread.Mock convenience, you query? Yes, mock, because dog knows once you are given free reign with the sandwich fillings, the natural human drive is (especially during these trying economic times) to get absolutely as much as you can for your $5.25. Heck the ideal situation is one where you can take out half the filling and save it for later. Throw it on a plate and call it a salad: voila! Dinner.However, I digress. As I said, I loves me a good sangwich, and Which Wich delivers. I've been twice now and haven't been disappointed, though as a personal preference I'm going to avoid tomatoes. I find that when tomatoes are warm they tend to make the bread soggy and that, my friends, is not yakworthy. The staff has been exceedingly friendly and my order has been correct both times. The warm cookies are fabu. My only complaint is how frickin loud the stereo is: the speakers are right above the bench seats and it's really hard to hear your dining companion and/or the guy letting you know that your sub is off the grill.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,7/12/2009,262,85,16,14,13>Call me crazy, but I come here for the salads. Antipasto, Greek, Roasted Chicken... I've tried them all and found each to be a delight. This Monday, in fact, I went to the Tap Room to grab a salad at the bar after my run and twenty minutes before my lifting class. So there I was, red-faced and extremely sweaty, and who should I notice sitting across the way but an extremely attractive, non-bro enjoying the UCLA game!! Hot, sports-lover who doesn't suffer from dumb face? A very rare find, my friends.What do I do, you ask? With typical PB class, I proceed to Eye F the shit out of this guy as I SHOVELED salad into my mouth. He may have been uncomfortable, but God knows I was enjoying myself. So anyway, if you like decent salads, $3.00 pints of Yellowtail, and/or superb eye candy, feel free to peep the Tap Room. And oh yeah, girls never hang out here so if you're in the market for dick you're in the right spot. Hollah!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2009,7/11/2009,197,156,9,12,8>Came here for brunch this past weekend, call me a slob but I always thought brunch meant a buffet, but I guess not when its a wine bar.  The location is a little weird, the scenery is nice, its just sorta hard to find.  I have never been to a wine bar before as I don't drink wine, I'm more of a cheap light beer kind of guy, different place than what I am used to for sure (all the chairs are high and the tables are a bit low, perfect for wine but a bit difficult for eating).  The service was a little slow for my taste, but again, this is a wine bar, that's how this place is meant to run.  The coffee is really, really good, perfect jolt after a night out.  I ordered an omlelet frittata, I had never even heard of a frittata but it was super scrumptious, comes served on this cutting board with potatoes & ciabatta toast.  The toast really was incredible, the potatoes were good, but they serve it with homemade ketchup which just didn't sit all that well with me, I love ketchup and am stingy when it comes to getting my fix.  All in all the food was super and pretty inexpensive, my only knocks was the ketchup, service which was good but just a little bit slow for my liking, and the high chairs/low tables, I'm just not a wine bar guy so most of you will probably think nothing of it.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,7/10/2009,1800,266,26,25,26>WHY do I left myself do these things? Pizza buffet? Come on...I have been craving pizza for a few months now.I really wanted CiCis but I dont seem to be lucky enough to be able to find one a relatively close distance to my house. Thank you again California for neglecting to make a favorite place of mine local. Always a pleasure.After much searching online we stumbled upon Joe's, a place I have seen before and decided to try it out.It was really nice. Its a little family place I believe. It had a really chill vibe which is always good.The buffet, nine dollars including a drink, was a great price. There were lots of yummy pizzas and fresh, hot ones came out every five minutes or so. They also asked you when you went up if there was anything you wanted them to make. That was cool.A man I believe to be the owner was cruising around talking to everyone and making sure they were doing alright and I thought that was pretty cool.Their salad bar was pretty yummy and had sunflower kernels which this fat girl lovvvvvves for her salad.There was a really, really creepy little girl that kept staring at me funny. I had to hide behind the bf a few times because she was just really weird. Not sure what her deal was. That aside I guess...Overall I was pleased and in about 6 months from now when I crave pizza again, I would consider a return!PS: I forgot to mention the GENIUS placement of a hand sanitizer dispenser OUTSIDE the bathroom. Very awesome for those of us who REFUSE to 'cleanse' our hands in a public restroom. Mad props.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2009,7/9/2009,519,365,37,43,35>BRA WHISPERER!Yup!  You heard right!  I heard it correctly, too, as I was listening to a morning radio station interview the Bra Whisper.Did you know that more than 80% of women are wearing the the wrong size bra?I wanted to be sure that I had the best fit possible.  So, I headed out to get fitted at Intimacy by a Bra Whisperer trained expert - Summer.  She looked at me, both with and without the bra.  (Look, Ma!  No measuring tape!)  Then, promptly told me that I was wearing a bra two cup sizes too small.  Let me pick up my jaw off the floor - no freakin' way!She brought out several bras for me to try on.  Amazingly enough, they were all great fits.  Excellent support, even with the strapless ones! No fat flopping around the bottom strap. No straps cutting into the shoulders or around the sides.  No underwire digging into the skin. They also filled out the cups quite nicely, if I do say so myself. ;o)The bras are on the pricey side ($100-$175), but they do offer to readjust the seams for you, as it stretches out, for the life of the bra.  Very good quality and probably worth the money, considering the amount of comfort and support provided.Gotta ensure that I get lot of mileage out of my babies, by making sure I take care of them.  So, I'd definitely be willing to drop some cash on a couple of bras, at this place. I walked out 2 cup sizes bigger!  It was like I got a boob job, without the surgery. Seriously.Even if you don't plan on spending the cash here, definitely check it out and get fitted!  It's a very educational way to learn how your bra is supposed to fit. You won't regret it and neither will your boobies, when you invest in great fitting bras.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2009,7/7/2009,637,268,15,19,17>I've probably driven by this place for months, perhaps even years, and it wasn't until recently that I noticed it. "Hey, there's a taco shop there called Rolando's." I looked on Yelp and saw no listing (let alone a review) for Rolando's (yelp.com/biz_photos/MLRD…) on C Street. Well, it was time to change that.Man, this place is beyond small. In fact, this is probably the smallest taco shop I've even been inside (yelp.com/biz_photos/MLRD…). I wanted to try their breakfast burrito but instead of getting the one they offered, I just told them what I wanted on mine - bacon, egg and cheese only. Simple enough and no problem with that request.Here it is: Rolando's has, perhaps, the perfect breakfast burrito. What, in my opinion, makes a breakfast burrito perfect? I've gone over this before in past reviews but I'll do it one more time.1. The eggs are not over cooked which means you still can see the separation between the egg whites and yolk. Fluffy eggs are essential! Check, check, check it out (breakfast burrito # 32 - yelp.com/biz_photos/MLRD…).2. The burrito must be free of the drips and must not leave an oily aftertaste.3. The bacon, aside from being fully cooked, must not have the appearance and taste of a work boot tongue.4. The potatoes must be REAL potatoes, not fries. Most importantly, they should NOT be deep-fried.5. Two types of cheese (cheddar and maybe colby jack) would be the ideal scenario but please, ANYTHING BUT AMERICAN. Burn your business to the ground if you use American cheese.6. Everything should be cooked at the time of being ordered and there must also be an even balance of ingredients within the tortilla.On their window is an interesting letter. It states what the employees have witnessed outside and in turn are notifying everyone that the cops WILL arrest you if you act stupid. These acts include urinating, defecating, vomiting, drug use and fighting. It is downtown so with the homeless that are around (even though those actions are not limited to the homeless), I'm not too surprised. Also, parking is pretty much nonexistent within the vicinity so don't even think about just "swinging by." You're either in the area on foot or, like me, you're on a bike.I'm not the type of person that just hands out 5 star reviews. However, considering that Rolando's has the perfect breakfast burrito, I feel that they absolutely deserve it. My next question is whether or not Rolando's has the perfect carne asada burrito. There's only one way to find out, so I'll be back.*Update 7/19/2009*P.A.B. (perfectly acceptable burrito) - I've had better and I've had worse.Carne asada burrito with beans and cheese only # 37 - yelp.com/biz_photos/MLRD…There's nothing else to say other than their breakfast burrito is awesome.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,7/4/2009,281,330,26,26,23>Hanging out one drizzly morning with a highly-esteemed Yelper on her home turf (south bay), she leans in as if revealing a secret spot. "There's this doughnut* place in IB, their hours are 'OPEN: whenever they feel like it; CLOSED: when they sell all the doughnuts.' Knowing that any establishment with these kinds of hours (the best BBQ joints in the South employ this bid'ness model) must be worth checking out, we headed there.We rolled up at about 11:00am, delighted to find it open. An elderly gentleman was manning the tiny shop, which had just 2 trays left of doughnuts, 1 glazed and the other cinnamon rolls. I ordered one of each, and we went back to the car to huddle up and enjoy the treats. The plain glazed was perfect-- still warm, melted in my mouth, and not too crumbly or with too much glaze. The "naked" cinnamon rolls were unorthodoxed, lacking the sugary icing I'm used to seeing. I was skeptical, until I bit into it. At that moment, I felt like Hansel from "Zoolander" when he was cluelessly searching for files on the computer: "The icing is IN the roll?!" It was baked right in and perfectly cinnamony sweet. If ever there was a case FOR trans-fatty acids, this roll is it! (NOTE: I'm not saying that they use them, but wouldn't surprise me at all given how good it was!)Running low on my travel-cup home brew, I asked the man how fresh the coffee was that was sitting on a burner behind him. He snarled back at me, "Well I wouldn't SERVE it if it wasn't FRESH!" Hmm, I thought, as I was falling to the pavement from that sucker punch of a retort. Lying there, I realized that this man is from a different era, when questioning the integrity of one's merchandise could be seen as an insult to his work ethic. (I still think it's a fair question, though). Having been duly served, I stood up, dusted myself off and ordered a cup of this joe. It was fresh and hot. It's not often we get to encounter folks from the "greatest generation" still in the workplace, but when we do like I did that morning, it's like a step back in time and a lesson from your grampa all at the same time. And in this case, great doughnuts and coffee, too._________________________________________________* old-timey spelling
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,10/24/2012,371,752,,8,3>I'm shocked this place only has ONE review. I guess it's pretty new...Food: 1) Teriyaki Salmon lunch special: came with 3 gyoza (perfectly pan fried), white rice, miso soup, and 3-4 small fillets of pan fried salmon topped with mushrooms and teriyaki sauce. The miso soup came first; came in a medium bowl almost filled to the top; tasted pretty good too. I really liked the gyoza dipped into the special soy sauce (with a little bit of sour taste, i'm assuming is due to some vinegar added to the sauce). The best part of the meal was the SALMON!! SOOO TASTY!! Normally, when I order salmon, I always expect it to be super dry and flavorless. But that wasn't the case here! I really liked how they heavily pan fried the salmon fillets to a delicious golden brown, almost black, so it's super crispy on the outer edges but it was still nice and moist on the inside with so much flavor still locked in!! 2) ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI ROLLS: my brother ordered this and he was able to consume 5 specialty rolls. He thought it was AMAZING and would totally come again just for this great deal! The only catch is, you HAVE to finish everything or else you get charged for items you don't finish!!Service:Great service! No complaints here! The host was very friendly! The waiter was super patient and attentive! I say patient because even after we were done eating we sat there FOREVER just chatting away and he would check on us ever so often and refill our water when needed. He never rushed us to leave or showed any indication we were unwanted! When they gave us the bill, the waiter even gave us some lollipops! What a nice touch!Ambiance: I liked how the place was decorated. Very modern and chic with a hint of Japanese flare dabbled throughout the restaurant. Very clean and well lit. The seats were super comfortable, although the table was a bit higher than I would like it because the seat ended up sinking in a little bit, but no big deal. Price: The lunch special was around $8 and the all you can eat sushi was around $21 for lunch ($25 for dinner), so the whole bill came out to be around $36 (tax and tip included). Pretty good deal when you think about the amount of food that was consumed!Overall: I would totally come back! The great service, ambiance, and food with reasonable prices. Who wouldn't want to come back?
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,10/23/2012,138,59,9,12,8>What comes to mind when you hear Rei Do Gado? MEAT.I went during the lunch special, which costs $18.30. Normally, dinner ranges from $30-$60. If you aren't looking to spend a whole lot, but are looking for some quality Brazilian meat come during lunch. Unfortunately, they do save their best meats for dinner time including their most notable bacon-wrapped filet mignon and lamb legs. Regardless, their meats served during lunch are just as spectacular. They have these wooden pegs that have green on one side and red on the other. Green means "KEEP 'EM COMING!", while red means "FOR GOODNESS SAKE, STOP. I'M ABOUT TO DIE". Something along those lines. But they bring different types of meat to your table and they just cut you slices if you want them. When we first started eating, meat after meat continued to pour out of the kitchen toward our table. Each time, I couldn't refuse because it was a different meat. So my plate was always full. All I could do was empty a small portion of my plate for it to be filled with another type of meat. WHAT IS AIR? My ultimate favorite was the top sirloin. It was extremely tasty, juicy, and tender. The top sirloin in garlic was also very flavorful. Sounds pretty weird dunking meat in garlic, but it honestly worked. Garlic definitely wasn't overpowering. No need to worry about garlic breath. Chicken drumsticks with cheese was my next favorite. Cooked to pure perfection, not dry at all. The cheese was a great addition, which made it very moist. The beef ribs were also very good. They also served ham and grilled pineapple, baby back ribs, brazilian style sausages, and various other meats. They also have a full salad bar with fruits and other various sides. Potato salad is something worth trying. Their chocolate chip cookies were so good! Thin, crispy around the edges and soft in the middle. i would've snuck some to-go, but I had no where to put it. After a good two hours, we finally turned the peg over to the red side in both triumph and disgust. I wouldn't be surprised if tomorrow I became a vegetarian.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,10/22/2012,249,200,3,5,3>Yes, this restaurant is as good as it gets! I have been going to this place for 3 years now.FOODThere is a wide selection on the menu, ranging from traditional Vietnamese to Thai to Chinese food. Everything I tried here was delectable, e.g. their egg rolls, the vermicelli noodles (with or without soup), the soup rice noodles, the pho, etc. SERVICEYou would be seated quickly and they would work hard for achieving efficiency in everything - taking your orders, bringing out your food, busing the tables, etc. Sometimes I felt like it was understaffed on weekends, but their efficiency kept the wait bearable. Some servers were nice, some were rude. But if they get the job done, I don't care! I still tip them well for their hard work.AMBIANCEIt's like a large dining hall with very tall ceilings and hard floors, so you can imagine it could get a bit loud in there. My friend and I wondered how the hell they got the huge TV up there. You see it then you'll know what I'm talking about... It's definitely good for large groups as they have a few large tables that can sit more than 10 people. Good place to be noisy with your friends!PRICEVery reasonable. Most of my meals is under $10 and I would go home with a full stomach and leftovers.One thing to add. I really appreciate that they would leave the lid of the take-out box open for my egg rolls so that the condensation of water droplets would not make my fresh, crispy egg rolls soggy. They do that all the time and it's a very considerate gesture!I always go back for more egg rolls. Oh and my favorite is #104. I ordered so many times from the take-out menu that I already remembered the item number. Not everyone would like that, but it's a scrumptious bowl of soup noodles that might get you addicted!Enjoy your meal there!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/21/2012,111,157,13,9,11>I generally come here with a bushel of groggy, inebriated friends after a night of pandering to nonsensical activities (jumping off roofs into pools, rifling down bad beer, throwing frisbees into trash cans). We all sound like junior senators, I know. When you're dragging your maimed soul by its collar into Cotijas after cracking the night over the head with a glass bottle, there is a feeling that your sins are about to be forgiven. Pollo asada quesadillas become like communion. Your sloppy, sluggish friends suddenly become dapper and you all rise like a phoenix in a pool of carne asada grease. Meanwhile, your designated driver pines for your death.What's better than a place that's open late, will do spiritual CPR on your lolling body, and serves delicious burritos the size of a sumo wrestler's thigh? Absolutely nothing.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,10/20/2012,224,131,3,7,3>Plenty of equipment available and always clean.  I was surprised to get that "sports club" vibe with a student friendly cost.  You can't beat $10 a month.  No way.  CONS:  No basketball courts. no racquetball courts, no pool, no sauna and no running track.PROS:  Clean, plenty of cardio equipment, decent weight lifting area, circuit training, hydro massage and tanning options.No frills here.  Just the basics for you to get healthy!
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,10/19/2012,383,363,8,17,8>WOOOOOO! Skydiving - check!This will be one of my longer reviews so thanks in advance for taking the time to read it. Now I know why skydiving is on everyone's bucket list, but be warned, jumping from such a high altitude might rattle your brain. I kind of felt like I was drunk afterwards! :X Regardless, one of the best nearly 60 seconds of freefalling in my life! I fell asleep on the car ride to Jamul so I have no idea how we got there, but the weather was absolutely gorgeous today.I jumped with 3 of my other friends and they make you sign a bunch of paperwork that, let's be honest, no one ever reads so just initial and get your money back so you can pay the instructors and skydive!Like so many others, I also purchased the $125 Groupon for the 10,000 ft dive. All of the reservations for that altitude were taken so we upgraded to the 13,000 ft. dive. They will ask you for a $30/person deposit prior to your jump and the 3000 ft. upgrade is $39. If you don't mind letting them keep the deposit then you're really just paying an extra $9 so I recommend the upgrade! Go big or go home right?The wait time is pretty long, between an hour and an hour and a half. My friend told me that the skydiving place in Perris lets you pull your own parachute and gives you a suit so their training is much more extensive. Here, your instructor will pull the chute for you but don't worry, they'll let you steer it for a bit while you're in the air. That said, the training here (if you want to call it that) is not even a 5 minute run-through of how to jump out of the plane with your instructor. I could give you the training right now:1. Squat.2. Kick your feet back like you're trying to kick your instructor's butt.3. Pelvic thrust out leaning your head back.Walah! Training complete! As for the clothes, the website says to wear comfortable clothes. I went in a shirt, jeans, and my running shoes and was just fine. My instructor was Andres and my cameraman was Shane (extra $109 for pictures and video by the way). Andres has been skydiving for 17 years and he was funny and really nice, most of the instructors are actually. They have a very humorous sarcasm about them. I thought my friend's photographer took better pictures than mine did once we landed and were looking through all the photos, but Shane still managed to capture some epic shots so totally worth it!I have a fear of heights and have never been to Six Flags because the huge rollercoasters scare me. Believe me when I say skydiving is one of the coolest experiences that you can have. Plus, you really are so high up that fear isn't an issue and there is no rollercoaster stomach sensation at all! You will experience some cotton mouth, actually a lot of cotton mouth, but the scenery is absolutely amazing and well worth getting over your nerves! :)
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,10/18/2012,647,343,16,17,16>"Ugh, I can actually hear you getting fatter." To quote one of my favorite movies, Tommy Boy, this is exactly how I felt after my trip to Slater's 50/50. But totally worth it! At least once, for the experience. Food: Appetizers - Since there were 18 of us, we ordered apps up the wazoo. The sweet potato fries, the Vampire dip, and the artichoke hearts were pretty good, but in my opinion, the panko macaroni bites were the real hero of the day. After this round of food, I was actually pretty full, but that's never stopped me from shoveling food down before...which brings us to:Main course - The phatty 1/3 lb. 50/50 burger I ordered. I was most impressed by the fact that the weights listed (1/3 lb., 2/3 lb., and 1(!!) lb.) are all POST-cook weight. These people clearly do not FUC around! To my disappointment, it wasn't as bacon-flavored as I was expecting, but it was still a damn good burger that I could only put down half of, after that round of appetizer extravagance. The other half was pretty good the next day though, after a nice toaster oven warmup.Dessert - Since we came here for a birthday, of course we had to get the dessert. (Of course.) I had a bite of the birthday boy's brownie, and after I overcame the initial diabetic shock, I deemed it a good treat. I'd still like to try one of their varieties of milkshakes, though! (Maybe after my next half marathon...)Drink:I washed all this down with a Moscow Mule, which was really tasty and came in that awesome copper cup. Thumbs up!Service:Considering the large size of our group and people putting in special orders, I thought our server did a great job. He was really friendly, and we didn't have any problems with wrong orders. Atmosphere:We came on a Sunday night and got the back room to ourselves, which was awesome. It was football season and the Pats/Jets game was going on, so we had a lot of satisfied football fans because there was an abundance of TVs. Definitely a good spot if you want to feast as you watch sports.Overall:The menu has great variety - both food and drink (check for the rotating burger of the month!), and the eating experience was fun. The guys who ordered the 1 pounders had to keep the giant knife in their burgers so it wouldn't fall apart. Epic. Just don't come in here if you're on a diet...or at least one that you don't want to sabotage. DO come with elastic waist pants/dress/mumu if possible.I'm not sure I can go more than once a year - not because of the great service, the novelty, and the bacon - but because I have yet to invest in a quality travel defibrillator. But when I do...Slater's 50/50: Proving that your heart can say "yes" and "no" at the same time.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,10/17/2012,176,536,28,18,19>I think im having an affair with Corepower, she's my mistress.- I go there every day- She has me in these crazy positions- She gets me all worked up and sweaty for an hour- I'm left tired, spent, relaxed, and euphoric- I take a shower there, then go homeif she let me sleep over and made me breakfast she might be GF material.CorePower is the 24 Hour Fitness of yoga, the big dogs in the business, yoga with corporate backing.  They have their own style or brand of yoga which incorporates an ab or core workout in a heated environment. All of the classes are done in varying amounts of heat and humidity (becomes noticeable in C2 and above).  This was my first experience of doing yoga in that type of heat!  Drip, Drip, Drip... Phew its like being in an oven but oh how it feels so good.  Such an awesome workout, i feel so relaxed and euphoric after each class.Pros:  Beautiful facilities, showers, locker rooms, classes almost every hour untill 9 at some locations, and lucky for San Diegians we can choose from many locations, so there is really no excuse for missing a class.  I also like that there are different levels of classes, usually in studios the classes are all levels, which can be intimidating for for beginners.Cons:  Being corporate means you loose out on that small business feel of personal ownership.  Adjustments are offered and done from time to time, but i don't see all the micro adjustments that i get with a private studio.  You won't get asked "What feels tight, what pose do you want to work on today" like in a studio and less focus on proper alignment.  The crunches, sit-ups and core strengthening portion, gives it more of a gym type of feel, but thats their style.  Building a powerful core!Iv'e been to the C1, 1.5, 2, 3, Fusion, and Restore Classes, and been to most SD locations, ive never left disappointed.  The best thing about this location is there is always parking, which can be an issue at other locations.Tips: Bring lots of water, a towel for your mat, and one to shower with, a change of clothes.  If you're unsure how hot a particular class is, pick a spot next to the door, they will sometimes cool it down by opening the door, that cooling blast will be a much welcome relief.Yeah its pricey but you can save on your water bill, soap, shampoo and conditioner by showering there.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,10/16/2012,368,435,10,10,9>Same rating, but a necessary update after recent events: I spent most of the summer in Bangkok, and one night I had a dream about the Honey Nut Beerios cupcake. I am not even kidding. The subconscious fatty in me was taking over. So in my dream, I am eating the cupcake and then...I wake up. Sadly, there is no Pubcakes in Bangkok, so I waited. Upon returning to the States, I ran into Pubcakes but they didn't have the Beerios that month. So I mourned and waited. THEN FINALLY. O LORD FINALLY I went in at the right time (Happy Hour! The last hour of every day it's BOGO!) and bought...9 mini Honey Nut Beerio cupcakes and immediately ate 3 of them. The woman working was fantastic. I am such a sucker for deals. I came in to buy 2 mini cupcakes and walked out with 12. It went like this, "Well...it's BOGO! And I am seeing friends later...so I should get more!" So I ended up with 10. Then the box fits 12....so you need to fill the box, right? I HAVE NO SELF CONTROL WHEN IT COMES TO BEER CUPCAKES. No regrets. So I ended up buying each kind of cupcake they offered and my friends and I were rejoicing at how moist and tasty they are. The favorites amongst us were: Honey Nut Beerios, Cup O'Hef, ManzaNeed It, and the Stoned Portzilla. We also loved the SuperPretzel and the Punkin' Vegan. So basically, they were all favorites. (My personal preference is the Beerios, needless to say). Also: the cupcakes they have in-store now are up on their website, so check it out if you're waiting for a particular flavor!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,10/15/2012,498,262,5,8,8>We came back...after receiving an email from the owner inviting me back AND my co workers having a lovely lunch there last Tuesday we decided to give it one more shot...and we were not disappointed!The tortas were huge, flavorful and boasting with every ingredient promised.  Service was friendly and their patio provides good people watching and comfortable tables. Their delivery service is awesome but if you get a chance, head in to the restaurant and enjoy a leisurely lunch.  They also have delicious homemade salsas that come out in this cute ramekins with wooden lids.  I have yet to try the black bean soup but I will be getting that next time for sure.  I am so glad that our prior bad experience at Bolillo was just a fluke and we will for sure be patronizing them in the future.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,9/24/2012,804,248,10,11,11>If you're looking for a low key, jeans and flip flops, easy on the pocket, unpretentious just taste bud satisfying, bento box/sushi spot...well then (whew, that was a sentence full), this is a place that's not meant to be missed.  I've dined in about three times now, I've done mostly take-outs. But if you're looking to dine in, you'll see how relaxed the place is. Initially, you just walk up to the counter to order your food. But once you're seated, the service... there's really no complaining. These girls that work here are on spot! Always smiling and friendly. So if you did need anything, they'll be right over at your table. As far as the food, I've come in solely for their mouthwatering rolls (yes, how original... I know, sushi snobs. I know). The Baja is one that  I order often. It's not packed with too many things, and why I like it. It's simple and very tasty. The Dynamite is dy-no-mite!!...hehe Sorry, I couldn't help it. Anyway, they make a mean Dragon Roll that is so full of delciousness! The Crunchy Roll is really good too and doesn't fall flat on the flavor. And if you're needing something that will fill you up, go for the Diego. One of those will take care of those hunger pangs. What I'm most pleased about all the rolls they make is that the rice has never had that overly sticky, mushy consistency, that you can get at some of  the strip mall, sushi joints. That is a total turn off to my palate. Me no likes that at all.And really, not every sushi spot has to be Sushi Ota standards for it to be enjoyable. There are places and $$$$$ needed for top quality or sashimi grade fish. Go there and expect to shell out those dollar signs, if you choose. Fancy schmancy sushi dining, Niban isn't. It is laid back, casual spot and an everyday affordability for most folks. And, some people simply love good flavorful rolls......I  just happen to love Niban rolls.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,9/23/2012,971,479,7,13,13>Wow! I'm blown away by this place. How are you going to have a Ramen Noodle house in Little Italy?! Okay, first the name? UnderBelly? Hmmm.. I was quite attracted to the name and thought to myself that anything with Pork is worth me trying. I called ahead to see how busy they were because I really didn't want to wait in a long line. Yay! ..the young lady who answered said at the present time there was no wait so I made my way there quickly.When I got there I was a little confused to where the front door was. When we walked in we were greeted by the bartender who gave us menus and was able to seat us quickly. I ordered the Underbelly Ramen which had char siu belly', applewood bacon and a sausage. Hmmm I thought to myself..this is a lot of pork.  No regrets there. The noodles were cooked perfectly (I am a noodles critic) and the soup was very tasty.  FYI...you will not be given a soup spoon so be ready to drink the soup (dashi) from the bowl. Yes, you  heard me right. Get your hands, wrap it around that bowl and start slurping. It's not the biggest place so it can get cramped. What's interesting is the windows open up to a table. Great selection of beers too. I will definitely return as often as I could...
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,9/21/2012,1142,2218,7,11,10>I'm on a mission to find the best HH places in UTC/LJ area. Since I spend the majority of my days in this area, what better way to explore with fine dining and drinks after work!We did a HH hop and this was stop #2.The bar is small - I would say enough for about 25-30 people. Luckily it was just the two of us; otherwise, we wouldn't have found seats in the bar area.HH = 5 for $6 'Til 7p. (Only avail in the bar)5 cocktails, 5 wines, 5 appysYou have a burger as an option and then a $3 IPA as part of the HH specials.Ordered the following:-Stoli Bombshell: OMG YUMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!! This may be my new fave drink! Sweet, but it'll kick your ass in about an hour. I was def feeling it near the end of our HH visit.-White Cosmo: Not as sweet, but delish. This is also a creeper. WATCH OUT!!!-Fleming's Prime Burger (Med): The burger is a good portion to split with 2 people. Comes deconstructed with bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomato and a couple pieces of onion rings. Great flavor and juicy.What was cool is that the drinks are made at table-side - shaken in front of you and poured into the martini glasses. SOOO PRETTY!!!!!!!Our server was nice, but she seemed rushed. Overall, service was pretty good considering a happy hour where there were several people attending our table.I'm definitely coming back to do another HH hop - Flemings, Trulucks and Melting Pot!!!That's money...
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,9/20/2012,59,729,7,10,9>Came back again today with my buddies.  Ordered some fish tacos, an octopus taco and a shrimp ceviche tostada.  The fish tacos and the ceviche tostada were just as good as last time.  The octopus taco (first time I ever had octopus) was just alright.  It was marinated in what tasted like soy.  Kind of reminded me of a scallop...a tad chewy.  Not bad, not great, just average.  Would not get it again.  While we were waiting to order our food we saw a sign that said the new location was open.  After we finished our meal here we decided to check out the new location too.  Its right down the street about a block or so and the new restaurant is located directly to the left of Vons.Here is the review for that..............................................­..................................................­.......New Location next to Vons-  WAY BIGGER.  This place is HUGE compared to the little OG one.  This place has tables, a large bar area and a bunch of seats running along the wall.  2 restrooms, lots of tvs etc.  Really really nice.  The food on the other hand needs some of the OG locations love.  I got 2 fish tacos and a cheese quesadilla.  The quesadilla was fine...not too hard to mess up.  The fish tacos on the other hand were "gummy".  The batter was softer and not as crisp as the other location.  Still decent but not as great as the one down the road.  I will chalk it up as first week jitters.  They use real plates here, have Mexican Coke in a bottle and real silverware.  Prices are the same.  99 cents for the fish tacos.  My buddies got fish ceviche tostadas and my one buddy got an oyster taco.  He said the same thing....the breading was a little off/gummy.  I'm sure in due time and when they bring the cook over from the other spot, the tacos will be up to their high standards.  Check out the pictures to get an idea of what the place looks like inside.  My buddies really enjoyed their fish ceviche.  Tons of people were coming in as we were leaving.  Our waitress told us they just opened last Sunday.  This will be the spot to come to once they get the frying of the fish tacos up to snuff!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/19/2012,268,411,8,15,11>I'm going to be honest, I never in a million years thought that I would ever give crossfit a chance. I used to think it was scary, too difficult, pricey, and I thought I would embarrass myself if I ever tried. The only reason why I decided to come here was because Wilmar D. is part of the Olympic weightlifting club. I'm really REALLY glad he introduced me to this place.It just opened a few weeks ago, and I actually participated in the very first crossfit workout at this box. After not working out consistently for...this is embarrassing...8 years, it killed me. I was REALLY tired. But I came back the next day. and the next. Why? Because even though it's painful at times, it's fun. Yea, I'm a crossfit newbie and this may sound like old news to you crossfit experts, but I like how crossfit workouts are a combination of different things. Pull ups, pushups, short runs, olympic weightlifting, handstands...And the nice thing is that there are modifications to every workout. I OBVIOUSLY cannot do a handstand or a real pull up, haha, but they find a way for me to do something that's similar but actually doable for myself. Now, as for crossfit fortius itself, I have to say that it's full of amazing coaches and really nice, supportive people. I am really intimidated in general with working out because people usually either judge you or they stare weirdly at you but don't say anything. Not the case here. EVERYONE wants everyone to do well and everyone is SO supportive. The coaches are also REALLY great. I've mostly worked with Coach Jesse, who is a great teacher, super patient, and very supportive. Even though I'm learning new things every day and I'm still really out of shape, I feel perfectly comfortable doing crossfit here. Coaches David and Veronica are awesome too, ALWAYS cheering me on during all my workouts and boosting my confidence :)Prices are more expensive than a gym membership, but you get QUALITY coaching, so honestly, it evens out. You also get access to all their equipment, tons of weights, bars, kettle bells, pull up rig, etc. Also, if you sign up soon, you get a discounted rate because this crossfit just opened!Even though I've only been doing this for 3 weeks and I'm still in pretty bad shape, I'm excited for the weeks to come (I signed up for a year!) and I'm excited to get my lazy butt into shape. I've never been able to stick to any workout plan for more than a week or two, but I know this will be easy for me to stick with because the workouts are always changing and the coaches and members are awesome here. I would HIGHLY recommend crossfit to anyone and everyone and I would especially recommend people to sign up at crossfit fortius for increasing your fitness, great personal trainers, losing some weight, and improving your Olympic weightlifting technique :)
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,9/18/2012,242,2016,15,14,11>First thing's first.  Don't bother reading the 1-star reviews because it has nothing to do with the actual service.  My GF bought the Groupon deal too, but we were able to take advantage of it-on the day it was set expire no less.I'm thinking that the other reviewers wanted to schedule something for the weekend or tried to schedule last minute and got stonewalled.  That's not the company's problem, that's YOUR problem.  So for those that weren't able to schedule their tour and gave a 1-star review, this one is for you:THIS WAS THE BEST FREAKING THING THAT I'VE EVER DONE IN SAN DIEGO!!!The speed boat is only 13 ft long, so that means you're giving way to every other vessel on the water (other than jet skis).  But it doesn't matter, because those big boats make big wakes and big wakes mean big air.  And these boats get air, especially if you and your partner don't weigh much.The tour lasts about two hours and it covers most of the bay.  You get to visit the sea lions on one end, and then you make a high speed u-turn at the Coronado Bridge.  Make sure you dress appropriately.  And don't follow the boats in front of you too closely.  Fall back a little.  Do some zig zagging and make sure you go for as much air as possible.My GF is better than yours...
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,9/17/2012,395,201,10,12,9>Finally made here!  After asking the Yelp nation were  the best cheese steak in town was, this was the overwhelming suggestion. Got the cheese whiz steak  12" $ 9.99 ( yelp.com/biz_photos/Gj0U…   ). Soft plush fluffy bread , filled with thin sliced beef , onions and topped with the wiz. Loaded it up with peppers from the self serve pepper bar.Great, exceptional cheese steak they have nailed it! Bread excellent, meat thin, juicy , tasty, cheese whiz  not a hidden option that I have to search for on your menu, excellent. Loaded it up with some peppers  and chowed down, well done! Pepper bar has 10 types, hot cheery , mild cheery, hot chilli peepers, jalapenos, pepperoncinis, hot gardenia mix, sweet bell , diced hot cheery , holy crap! Once again suck it Quiznos, this pepper bar puts your so call pepper bar to shame! But I still love your dead hamster commercial(  youtube.com/watch?v=Fhfc…)              Such a simple sandwich and so hard to find a great one . Only four components you would think it would be hard to mess up but many do. They also have other interesting and mouth watering options cheese whiz fries,  the general ( pastrami , coleslaw, and Russian dressing). I will have to try these next time if I can stop myself from get a cheese steak! Not bloody likely . Also have other types of cheese steaks but, unless you want mushrooms or marina sauce on your sandwich , you can get the other ingredients for free in the pepper bar ! Set a new personal best for saying pepper bar in a review....................
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,9/16/2012,720,560,6,16,11>As good as Brooklyn Girl Eatery Bar is, I never give 5 stars on my first visit.  As much as I enjoyed our dinner, I found small things that are correctable in the dinner we had.BGEB has become popular in its first couple of weeks and I am glad.  It's located in Mission Hills a great addition to the growing restaurant row in our neighborhood.  It's eclectic and caters to the craft beer lover as well as the restaurant lover who likes their food served nicely and with variety.  Today's special was limited to fish which was about to run out (we were here at 6:00 pm).  No matter, there is still a great selection of food that can please every family member including some fish.Our reservations were for 5:45 and confirmed by phone.  Good start when we arrived, it wasn't busy yet and we were seated in a table for four (there were only two of us) which was good, you like space when you are eating.  Your alternative to breadsticks is popcorn (delicious to start if you like popcorn,not all of the popcorn popped but it was buttery and good - I ate it even after I finished dinner).  The decor is an homage to Brooklyn, portrais of some of its current and previous residents, Heath Ledger, Basquiat, Woody Allen and Anna Wintour(? thought it was Barbra S. but the sunglasses n nose tips you off).  The menu contains three pages, page 1 for food, 2 for beer, 3 for wines.  Definitely catering to a large segment of the San Diego foodie community.We ordered the brie type cheese (French) came with apple chutney, honey, nuts and crackers.  Also as an app, the hummus which came with plantain chips and pita bread.  The cheese was good esp with all the other components.  The hummus was great with the plantain chips, the pita bread average and could have done without it. I ate all the plantain chips.For dinner, I had the Green Flash draft beer with the Burger and fries with pork belly (extra 4 bucks).  I find that the added pork wasn't necessary for me.  Brian my partner ordered the margherita pizza.  It was very good.  There are higher end food but we were headed to a concert and wanted to be fine and full but not comatose.No dessert this time but we will try it next time.  I think Brooklyn Girl Eatery Bar will be a destination for us to go to even for a simple dinner with beer or with some friends for dinner.  I recommend everyone give this Eatery a chance and express your own view.  It does get busy right now so make reservations.  Maybe in several weeks,weekday visits will not be as busy that you can walk in and sit and have something at the bar.On the next visit I will update.  Service was fine and attentive and as mentioned, there are some quirks that needs to be worked out but it was a great new experience and a wonderful addition to my neighborhood.  The owners are friendly and usually around to say hello.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,9/15/2012,94,355,3,7,4>We (party of 4) waited for an hour for a table on a Wednesday night, so I strongly recommend you making a reservation. Ambiance:The restaurant was very dim and it had red lighting everywhere. Decor and artwork were tasteful. I was particularly impressed by the hundreds of Porrons on the ceiling, very cool decoration. They also had live music that night, the Flamenco guitarist and dancer were very talented. Overall ambience was lively, chic, and romantic.Food:Paella - 3.5 out of 5, decent amount and quality of seafood and saffronShort Rib - 5 out of 5, fork-tender and flavorfulBlack Paella Tapa - 5 out of 5, squid ink gave the black color and infused the flavors of the sea, yummy!Shrimp al Ajillo - 3.5 out of 5, wished they put more garlic in itTapas platters - 4 out of 5, there were several choices and I recommend Jamon and ManchegoSangria - 4 out of 5, strong!Overall: Great ambiance, décor, live music, food, and drinks.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,9/14/2012,792,572,9,17,11>barleymash (yes, they spell their spot with a lower case b, lol) did a complete 180 to the space which was once Whiskey Girl (and good ole Buffalo Joe's if you've been hanging around the Gaslamp for as long as I have...wow I'm getting old).  I got to enjoy all the newness barleymash had waiting for us tonight, they did an excellent job in creating the desire for patrons to want to go to the Gaslamp and check out the buzz here. With barleymash having prime real estate in the heart of the action going on in the Rodeo Drive-style pedestrian crossing, it made me glad that they did a five star job in revamping the spot.The new, ginormous bar is on the south end of the main room and it wraps around for what seems like the lengthiest bar ever with a beautiful polished wood finish.  This leaves plenty of space for you to sit down, watch a game (from the plethora of TV's they have surrounding the bar) and let their speedy staff keep your hands occupied with adult beverages.Plenty of awesome beer choices are available on tap, can't wait to try some of the local craft beers they offer.  I plan to change my star rating (to hopefully another star) once I'm able to get my hands on the grub they serve;  I have hope that their food will match the overall awesomeness to this place.What I like is the attention to detail they did with this spot.  I appreciate the hooks they have under the bars so us women can hang our purses, they even have hooks below the little cubbyholes they custom built into the women's restroom wall so we have somewhere to put our drinks as we reapply our lip gloss.  Kudos for that little detail that is a nice touch for your lady customers.Five stars for that awesome wall of twelve LCD TV's in the downstairs lounge.  I'd love to have that in my home so my boyfriend and I can be happy lazy couch potatoes in the same room without having to fight over the remote.Thank you barleymash for opening up in the Gaslamp, it was a much needed venue where I may find myself coming back for more since you're so wonderful.  I'm sure once barleymash opens to the public later this week, they won't disappoint so you should check it out for yourself.Important side note:  the water in the restroom is very, very hot.  It's a motion-sensored faucet, but be careful or you might burn yourself.  Hopefully they cool it down a little so not everyone in the restroom continues to yelp  "OUCH!!!" as they tried to wash up.  Shame on you if you used the restroom there, but don't know what I'm talking about because you went #1 and didn't wash your hands.  Ewww.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,4/19/2008,143,114,24,11,10>Do I really need another reason to pay San Diego's sunshine tax?  I hiked Torrey this weekend for the first time since I moved here 8 years ago because I heard it was peak time to see some purdy flowers.  I felt like the biggest idiot for never having taken the time to visit this park years ago.  I only had a couple hours so I'll be back to see the other trails.  It was an easy hike down and a moderate hike back up from the beach reminding me that it's time to end my three month hiatus from running.  The landscape was gorgeous with wildflowers in full bloom, exotic looking cacti, and dramatic landscapes created by water, wind, and time.  The recent rains have transformed this place into a lush bushland and it was incredible to watch the morning mist caress the landscape.  I don't know too much about birds, but I can imagine it being a bird watcher's wet dream - we saw and heard all kinds of different species I don't normally hear from my own living room window.  Great spot for shutterbugs too.  Practically impossible to take a bad photo here.  One word of advice:  Please people, don't forget the sunscreen.  It's been a long winter and if you pull on those white socks and you can't tell where your socks end and your legs begin, then make it SPF 55.  You'll thank me later.  And for the platinum blond who thought it would be cool to hike in your brand new black Uggs:   I saw some gold toned sneakers by Coach on sale at Macy's the other day.  Just sayin'.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,4/18/2008,422,258,34,12,15>YelpSTAR News Flash: Secret audio tapes of German performance artists Kurt and Dieter planning new experimental art in San Diego.Kurt and Dieter, who bear a striking resemblance to a pair of well known performance artists on Saturday Night Live, but who have no actual connection to them, were recently found to have been behind the creation of a dining establishment in San Diego's Hillcrest area known as "Bite."The YelpSTAR has received an audio tape of the pair discussing their plans.Dieter: Kurt, I have a new idea.  We will open an art exhibition where the people and the food are the art, both at the same time.Kurt: But how will we do such a thing?D: There will be food, but very little food.K: Little food?D: Yes.  Little food.  Very small food.K: Ja, I see.D: And we will serve it on oddly-shaped plates.K: And that is artistic.  Will there be monkeys?D: No.  The people are the monkeys.  But they are not monkeys.K: Ja, I see.  No, I don't.D: The people are the performers.  We will put this restaurant in a forward-thinking part of town with other trendy places.  They will think it is just another new restaurant.K: Ja, I see.  What else?D: We will use eclectic decorations.  I've always liked the letter "W".  We will have a giant block-letter "W" on the wall.K: Can we have fish?D: Yes.  We will have fish.  There will be a fishtank in the restroom.  The fish will be entertained by the users of the restroom, and the users will be entertained by the fish.  We will light the hallway to the restroom with candles on the floor.K: We will also give it a funny name, ja?  Like Art-You?D: No.  It will be serious.  It will be edgy.  Bite.  We will call it Bite.  I like how that sounds.  "Bite."  It describes how the food looks because of its size.  It sounds like the word "buy" and people must pay to be entertained by each other.  Also, it sounds like "Night" to symbolize that darkness of food creativity which is in danger of overtaking the world because of mass marketing.K: Where will we build?D: In San Diego.  Fine trendy food is still a new thing.  People will be drawn in to the motif.K: Will the food be good?D: Of course it will be.  Nothing I do is ever bad.  This will be the best little food the visitors will ever have.  They will come back and bring their friends.K: Ja, I see.  It is a very good idea.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,4/17/2008,197,156,11,9,9>I work right down the road from this place and a bunch of my co-workers call it their second home, they go here for lunch at least 3 times a week.  I have not been out for sushi for quite a while but I had the urge to go yesterday, and since this place is not all that far from where we live, we gave it a shot.  The staff here is awesome, everyone from the chef's to the hostess are just happy people, I never would have guessed how big of a deal that would be, but wow, it makes a huge difference, a happy staff leads to a happy dining experience.  This place is a little hard to find, its in a plain-jane looking strip mall right off the 15, you could easily drive past it a few times without ever knowing it was there.  We started off with some stuffed jalapenos, what are they stuffed with?  The elusive and rarely seen EffinAwesome fish, each order comes with 4, order more though, they are so damn good.  For entre's, we got the Kim rolls and the something sensual rolls, I can't remember the name of the second kind but the word sensual was in it, whatever it's called it's sensually delicious and bon*r inducing.  When I order sushi I don't pay close attention to what's in them, so sorry that I don't know the specific fish in each dish, I generally just pick whatever sounds ok on the first read thru, I don't remember any of it though.  Point is, the sushi is good, the service is incredible, and they play Japanese techno music so all you want to do is dance and eat chilled dead fish.  I can't wait to go back, next time I am taking Erin O. with me on our first official date, we are both so excited, and my fiance is totally kewl with the whole set-up.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/5/2008,4/16/2008,331,110,8,5,6>I like this hole in the wall.  TJ is great bartender and keeps your glass full (easy on the eyes as well).  I do Mondays ($2.50 Turkey Tacos) and Sundays ($5.00 Turkey burger and fries). Toadstool and I split a side of bacon, it was tastey with the Guiness.  I think Toadstool and I have left a few brain cells behind here so we go drink with them often.They have a juke box (that is never on) and a golf game, I am the proud owner of the worst score on this particular machine.  Overall this place is great for getting buzzed and stumbling home on foot.  I miss you brain cells, I'll be back soon to visit.You can bring your dog and sit on the patio and get ashed on by Toadstool, nice option.They missed a star, no Belvedere!  wah!  I will talk TJ into getting it.HOLLA!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2008,4/14/2008,154,161,10,22,16>Best burger in San Diego.  Yeah, I said it, what?  The meat was tender, juicy, AND lean!  I know that doesn't happen, but it sure did here.  Grass fed, hormone free beef served on a whole wheat bun with all the usual fixings.  They let me get a side salad instead of fries in the combo even though it says "no substitutions" on the menu.  They do have a salad on the menu, but I wish they offered a side salad option in their sides menu.  Not enough to dock a star, though.My burger was a 1/4 pound and it was huge.  Most of the options are 1/2 pound, so those are probably big enough to share.  They range from $6 to $10 - the $10 option comes with many yummy toppings.  So, yeah, it's not the cheapest option, but delicious.They also offer a veggie burger, a turkey burger and a tilapia burger.  AND, they serve beer and wine.  Not much on ambience, but the owner and staff are really nice and are very friendly.This is a disjointed review, but I'm still reeling from the deliciousness.And just two doors down from The Waterfront, also home of a great burger.  That takes guts to open a burger place right there!*********Edited 4/19/08The rosemary bun made an appearance.  Maybe it comes and goes?  Maybe you need to specify your bun?  Because last night I had a burger with the rosemary bun and while it was a nice crunchy, fresh bun - rosemary just doesn't go with beef very well!  Even less with bacon and cheese.  If they read this - please leave the rosemary buns to maybe the veggie burger or the tilapia one or something.  It really doesn't work.  :-(
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2007,4/13/2008,56,122,14,4,4>I like you, Golden Hill Post office branch. Even though you are tiny and smell like feet, your post officers were nice, unstingy with tape and graciously set up your sticky tape dispenser to FACE the customer on the counter, inviting usage for FREE.The Hillcrest/Uptown post office is not so liberal with the tape... nor the pens.. nor the friendly smiles and ample parking, but you, Golden Hill post office branch, you have ample street parking, pens for writing and tape galore.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/12/2008,491,894,4,11,10>Lestats is definitely one of my favorite spots I've found in San Diego. It's 24 hours which is wonderful, but I warn you, with any all hours business things can get a bit sketchy in the late hours and some of the city's finest people emerge from the shadows. I've yet to have a drink that I don't like when I rarely stray from my typical chai latte, which is what I recommend getting for newcomers. Don't want coffee? Perhaps you could be tempted by their array of sandwiches, baked goods, and other forms of sustenance. All very very inexpensive. And Deidtrich's coffee is to die for. The Baristas are awesome; it's the kind of place where they get to know you quite well, often starting your drink for you when you walk up to the counter. Sometimes they can be assholes and hit on unsuspecting younger girls but I suppose it's all a part of the charm.The people that frequent this place are of all walks of life. People watching at this place never gets old; and no matter how many times you show up, it's always an adventure; someone is doing something crazy or causing some kind of uprising. The regulars are extremely pleasant and are always up for talking to new people which, in my opinion, makes this place awesome. I've never found a place before where people are so willing to make friends and not act like dicks to each other. Another plus for this place, it's smoker friendly, and for those who prefer alcohol there are an array of bars to pick from located up and down the street; grab a drink and head down to Lestats to sober up with a coffee.And if you're into music, there is always something going on next door at their venue. Monday's open mic. Tuesday's comedy. The rest of the week has always got something going on; inexpensive to get into; and very cozy. It's a good opportunity to meet a lot of local upcoming musicians who are themselves "regulars" down at the coffee shop. Very sweet people. Overall, this place has won my heart.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2008,4/11/2008,666,662,18,17,20>As a self-admitted pretentious bastard, I, as a rule, do not generally enjoy the Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf.  However, after a week of grueling work basically beat me into oblivion, I found myself in an escapist mood, wandering the stacks at Borders in search of a book that I could really dig into.  I picked up Saul Bellow's first novel, Dangling Man, and wondered where I'd read it, as I was growing a bit weary of the Borders.  With  a sigh, I schlepped over to the CBTF, even though my aforementioned pretension screamed "NOOOOOO."CBTF has a rather uninspired decor, not as frighteningly imperialist as Peets or as banally repetitive as Starbucks, so there's little to judge it on.  What does matter is that there's an effing fire pit on the patio of this CBTF which totally rocks, and that the very sweet barista not only remembered my name 20 minutes after I ordered, but also was able to deduce what the T.J. stood for after looking at my license.  (Tyrone Jr, people.  I *know* that the middle name starts with an H.  Shut up.)  Also, they gave me an espresso in an ever so precious demitasse after I said I'd be reading here.  Demitasse + Awesome Barista + Saul Bellow - Boring Decor = 4 stars.By the way, Dangling Man is pretty good.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2007,4/10/2008,82,61,19,17,21>The Ken?  Oh yeah, I've known him since the 80's.  He turned me onto the Rocky Horror Picture Show in my High School days and in later times, he provided a refuge for the lonely and down-hearted around Christmas when he showed Harold & Maude every year in an attempt to cheer them up.He really hasn't changed much since high school.  The box office still opens up just before showtime, don't forget to grab your "upcoming films" review to fill your calendar with more, more, more trips to the Ken.  His snack bar has always been a cut above his more popular brethren.  I can remember, way back in '87, that it was tres kewl that you could order a bottled water at the snack bar.  In case you haven't heard, that's water that does not come from a tap (that we know of).  Sure, he still serves up popcorn but how 'bout toppin that bag with "NUTRITIOUS YEAST" instead of butter?  Nah, me neither.  But it's THERE in case you want to.  Full coffee bar.  Toblerone.  Swiss chocolate.  Japanese Pocky snacks.  Gourmet cookies.  You get the picture.The manager still gets up on the makeshift stage at the front of the theatre before the movie to introduce himself in a most pained, shy manner and to introduce the rest of the painfully awkward staff to you just in case, you too, are painfully awkward and really want to know what the name of the boy with the Davey Jones / Monkee mop-top who works at the box office is.  I'm told it's Roger.And even though these elements could converge to make for a completely cooler-than-thou experience, the Ken does well to keep the experience to what it's really about:  people loving film.The dedication to showcase the newest in independent film and documentary (check the upcoming doc War Dance coming this next month) in a setting which lends itself to movie enjoyment is now, as it always has been, absolutely refreshing in San Diego.Thanks Ken.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2007,4/9/2008,862,317,7,26,16>I just gotta tell you...I love these guys!My brother and my sister are both smart shoppers....and neither one is particularly easy to please. Both bought their laptops from M.C.T. (Mega Comm Technologies). Both were delighted with the quality and price of their refurbished laptops. Both have nothing but raves to share about the follow up service by this fine company.M.C.T. sold me the laptop on which I am writing this review. I bought it for a fraction of the cost of a new one...and I've got to tell you...I am seriously impressed by how helpful and how fair they have been to me in helping me fix this laptop.A few months ago, by my own poor judgment, coffee (laden with sweetened creamer) splashed into the corner of this keyboard. I was convinced I had ruined my laptop. Keys were sticking every which way...programs were all a flickering on and off....I was distraught!M.C.T. had one of their knowledgeable technicians pop it open (the keyboard) and wipe it out with a Q-tip dipped in alcohol.....problem solved. Well...guess how much they charged y to fix up my keyboard after my incompetent blunder......$8....I kid you not!Bill Morgan (their utterly delightful owner) asked me for $10...but noticing me rummaging through my purse...with my toddler in tow...he offered to accept only $8!I was seriously touched...and impressed.I was terribly ripped off by a competitor of this store....for a laptop "repair" only last year. None of those shenanigans are happening here!This computer store is a find!
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,10/11/2013,339,291,12,8,10>If Cafe 21 was a man, I would marry him instantaneously. Im not kidding. Seriously. I SKIPPED TO THE RESTAURANT and greeted the server with way too much excitement... "HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII­!!!!!!!!!!!!" The food here, there are no words. I feel like I should be crying tears of joy while eating. Today I tried something new, thanks to our wonderful server who suggested it. The Salmon Diamond (or diamond something) was ..... like i said no words. It was a smoked salmon omelet with feta cheese, spinach, pesto and a few other ingredients. The salmon was perfect, not too smokey and the flavors blended together in this orgasmic way.the only thing.... it doesn't come with a side included, but the portions are so HUGE I couldn't finish my meal, it does come with a fresh piece of bread, which i used to make a mini omelet sandwich of joy.Can we also talk about the plating skills? Cause every dish is beautiful. One of my favorite things about this place is that the chef, Leyla, makes daily selections of produce and ingredients from local farms. So theres always something cool, new or different on the menu......always surprising, always perfect. Its a great combination of international dishes and california cuisine blended together for a perfect mix of sweet and savory.LEYLA!! Set up a delivery service.....please!!!!!!!! I will single-handedly keep you in business.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,10/10/2013,792,572,12,9,9>In the three hours we decided to hang out here and maximize on their happy hour menu, we managed to consume:-those dangerous three dollar Fireball shots on the happy hour menu,-several five dollar glasses of crispy white wine that I lost count of,-the fish ceviche that was so dang good,-the garlic bread that was so hard to put down after the first bite,-more three dollar Fireball shots we kept ordering (even after happy hour ended),-the crab hush pups that I could have eaten more of,-the peel & eat shrimp that would have tasted awesome with some rice (it's the Asian in me...don't judge),-the house made chips that we devoured, and-the globe artichoke that I didn't spend too much time on.Spike Africa is an odd name for a new business, I keep butchering it...Africa Spike's? Spikey Africa?  Spike's of Africa?  I dunno, I just refer to it as the new restaurant where Payless used to be on Fourth & Broadway.  It's definitely a nice replacement of what used to occupy the space.Anyway, I don't venture out to the Gaslamp as much as I did in my 20's, but I'm glad Spike Africa's is a great dining option for their great happy hour and tasty drinks if we should ever decide to head to downtown for a fun night. Service all around was awesome, so why not go back, right?!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,10/9/2013,280,432,13,11,13>Came here on a school night to get a couple slices after much libations.  I didn't want to do the taco stand because that would be too heavy.  I had a pepperoni and sausage and a barbeque chicken.  Both were very tasty on my late night sojourn.  He: Where do you want to go?Me:  I don't know.  We can't go to Il Postino we were just there last night...and we can't go to Cantina because it's not mole night.So after driving around for about an hour, I thought why not come here and get a whole pie.  I recently saw the diners and dives segment with that bleached blond guy and learned some interesting facts about the owner.  So definitely want to support a local business.  The place was crowded and some of the customers were amusing.We ordered the Capone to go and waited.  A diverse crowd and an older woman who looked like she smelled a fart, but wanted people to look at her.  Dang, it doesn't hurt to crack a smile...you're interrupting the positive energy.She: Heeeeeyyyyy!Dang, ran into a friend who was eating with her family on the other side of the dining room.  We only see each other when she comes to my school to talk about dance classes offered through transcenDance.  This is something that is so great about this location!  You can run into friends, family, and lovers...LOL!The pizza was great! Thin crispy crust...flavorful sauce...ample toppings.  They also offer salads, pasta dishes, and sandwiches...I really want to try a Stromboli.  The staff was very friendly both times I was there.  Definitely adding Luigi to our rotation.The moon didn't hit my eye, but this pizza pie was amore!
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,10/8/2013,292,139,7,9,9>My friends and I went here for restaurant week 09/18/2012 and it was so amazing that I remember this place quite vividly. I remember the beautiful staircase up to the oyster bar with oysters and lemons sitting in ice beckoning you to come and eat them to the large open dining area with large windows on one side. The atmosphere was surprisingly relaxed and comfortable. Our server was very friendly, attentive, and informative.The food was amazing!Raw oysters: We came early to dinner and had the happy hour oysters. There were 20 oysters offered that day but I can't remember which one was on happy hour. It was fresh and tasty and served with a side of cocktail sauce and vinaigrette with minced shallots.Munchies: I don't know how else to explain this interesting assortment of what seemed like palate cleansers. This shallow oval plate was filled with picked tiny jalapenos, quartered radishes, sliced cucumber, sliced carrots, sliced celery, and black olives. They were fresh tasting and served as a great palate cleaner, but it was definitely something different that I never expected!Crab cake: Amazing! I have never had a crab cake in San Diego that was all Dungeness crab meat. The crab cake was all flakey tasty crab meat with just a little bit of filling and seasoning (I couldn't make out much but there was some green onion and parsley with a slice of a lemon on the side). It was so tasty that it was great on its own but the creamy mustard mayonnaise provided went wonderfully with the crab meat. I feel like I still dream about this crab cake's hauntingly deliciousness to this very day."Kid Dynamite": yellowtail. The spicy blue crab crusted yellowtail was served with one half of a large bok choy with a really pretty presentation with the toasted "screaming rooster sauce" and fresh flower petals on top. I really liked the bright colors of the petals in contrast to the dish. The sesame seeds were a nice touch to the sauce. The sauce tasted like the dynamite sauce you would have a sushi restaurant, which is why I probably enjoyed it so much. The bok choy wasn't very plentiful but it was cooked perfectly. Although I think I would've liked a little more bok choy on the plate.Stuffed California Dover Sole Florentine: A thin, tasty, juicy, and flakey dover sole fillet covering tasty blue crab, and wilted spinach and topped with seasoning, Parmesan, minced parsley, diced tomatoes, and melted butter.   I really enjoyed the subtle flavors of the fresh and tasty dover sole that was not overpowered but accentuated by the added flavors.Cheesecake topped with fresh strawberries: This was my favorite dessert out of the two that my table got. There was a graham cracker like crust on the bottom that had a nice subtle sweet flavor to it topped by this nice, soft, fluffy, but creamy cheese cake topping. The fresh diced strawberry on top was slightly sweet and a little tart which was perfect contrast to the slightly sweet dessert.Apple tart a la mode: I really enjoyed the vanilla ice cream on top. However, sadly I couldn't finish this dessert. The apple filling on the bottom of the ramekin was really tart which made it hard to finish. The oatmeal topping was tasty and sweet, which made it easier to eat the tart apples but by the time the topping was gone, I stopped eating the dessert.Overall, this place was wonderful! I really enjoyed the friendly, helpful, and attentive service, the open, clean, and comfortable ambiance, and the tasty and perfectly cooked food. I will definitely be back here again for happy hour and for the amazing crab cake!
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,10/7/2013,438,269,4,7,6>I went to Magnolia last night with some friends for after dinner drinks, and we had a great time!I absolutely love the decor and ambiance of this place...exposed brick on the inside, a very open feel, and the bar area serves as the wall between the indoor seating and an outdoor patio area.This review is for the bar only, and I give them a thumbs up!  The bartenders were really fun and helpful.  They made excellent recommendations and crafted yummy cocktails.  I got the "Dark and Stormy".  I liked the unique mix of ginger and pineapple in the drink, and I especially liked that it was strong!  I also tasted the "Scallywag" which was gin based and had a nice spice to it from the jalapenos.  We wanted to try more, but it was getting late.  Next time!  I'm also looking forward to trying their food.  I got a glimpse on other people's tables, and it looked good!
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,10/6/2013,242,315,7,6,5>Mariposa is an EXCELLENT old-school ice cream shop. Man Candy and I just bought a house down the street from this haven of hedonism, so that might be dangerous, but, as you know, Ice Cream is my middle name. Or whatever.Came in on a Wednesday evening after getting the keys to our new house, and we each got a single scoop. Man Candy, always the little kid, got a sugar cone with rocky road, and I got my chocolate malt ice cream in a cup. Both were excellent. Even better? The owners. What nice people. I can't wait to get to the point where they know my face. While I stuff my face.The place is decorated floor to ceiling with photos of Ron Burgundy eating ice cream, pictures of local celebs, Kristen Bell not snuggling with a sloth while eating ice cream, and old photos of the area, which are an ice cream parlor mainstay and excellent to look at. I really like the ambiance.And to the pregnant woman who wants pickles and ice cream? Girl, you crazy. But maybe crazy genius...
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,10/5/2013,700,318,9,9,10>Before I begin, the 4 star review is in no way a negative reflection on the service, ambiance or food quality.  It's just because we were hopping around that I wasn't able to try a full course meal here.  I'm waiting to come back with boy toy (aka Mr. Hubby now officially, yay!) to bestow a true 5th star on here as warranted.We entered into a friendly atmosphere where we received a hello & were promptly seated inside.  Our waitress took our orders (Pink Bikini for my big bro, Manhattan for me, Old Fashioned for the hubby, Cape Cod for Bestie #1 & Water for Bestie #2), 5 lobster bisque bowls & 1 special of the day beet salad.As we waited, Doug the magician came by & wowed us with not only his charm but his amazing magic tricks!  I stared & stared and I still have no idea where the coins, cards or the balls went to & from.  Bestie #1 & I agreed he performance last night was better than our front row seats at the David Copperfield show in LV last year.  The time flew by quickly as we sipped on our very stiff yet tasty drinks.  After the impromptu magic show, our orders arrived and it was pretty silent for a good minute as we dug into this creamy smooth yummilicious lobster bisque all of my fellow Yelpers have been raving about.  Not necessary but since I like spice, I added a bit of black pepper, the Sherry & some Tapatio and I inhaled the whole bowl.  I was stuffed.  Thank goodness we 5 shared the single order of beet salad.  I couldn't eat anymore. Boy toy & I are looking forward to coming back here for some more great food, stiff drinks & awesome magic performances by Mr. Doug.  They even have a private parking lot on the side where we lucked out in finding a spot so parking wasn't bad at all.  And as we left, I saw a huge doggy watering bowl outside so definitely a pup friendly establishment which should bring it kudos from the locals.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,10/4/2013,201,526,4,6,4>I'm finally writing a review for this place after 2 years of dedicated eating here.  One summer, I came here every single Tuesday for their 'crazy Tuesday' AYCE hotpot.  Our waiter knew me and my sister by sight, and wondered what happened to us after that summer was over when we had both OD'd on their hotpot goodness and had to take a short hiatus.  This is the best hotpot place in town.  If you like spicy, they have spicy!  If spicy isn't hot enough, just ask for more hot chilis.  This place is my little hotpot heaven.  My go-to comfort food spot.  The place where my Buddha belly gets a little out of control and I like it.  Favorite items- house lamb wontons, fish balls with roe, tong ho (chrysanthemum leaves), and their house made fresh noodles.  There are a ton of other regular things I order- shiitake and enoki mushrooms, bamboo shoots, lamb shoulder slices, daikon or winter melon.  I pretty much enjoy everything here.  It's all about the broth.  Cook some of the meat first- give the broth a bit of meaty tastiness, then throw in your veggies and other items and go to town.  Noodles last, otherwise the broth gets a little thick and everything else gets tangled up in them.  Also, they will get mushy if you leave them in too long while you're eating other goodies.So Tuesdays during the summer are AYCE days-- they have the same deal for both lunch and dinner.  It gets a little crazy here-- they open at 530 for dinner, and believe that they fill up right when they open.  For example, I came here tonight at 6 and waited an hour to get a table.  If you're in a hurry, you sometimes have the option of sharing a table with someone else, or sitting at the bar for dinner.  Certain items are not available on AYCE days, such as the fish balls with roe.  Also, unlike on regular days, you cannot take home your leftovers on AYCE days.  On regular days, you can take home containers of the leftover broth in your pot to cook your own veggies at home with the next day!  Sometimes when I overeat, I forget to save room for the noodles at the end.  I've taken these home uncooked and thrown them in a pot at home the next day and they came out wonderfully.  You can find most of the veggies they have on the menu at Zion Market or Ranch 99, if you're feeling so inclined.  Parking here is meh, service is generally a little strained just because it's such a popular place, but they are always kind and you can see that everyone is working hard all day/night long.  You can't beat the AYCE prices for this place.  On regular days, they also have a pretty good lunch special deal, but I generally just go a la carte and pick all my faves.  If you have plans after having dinner here, just keep in mind that you will 1- most likely find yourself stuffed to capacity, and 2- you and your clothes will smell like hotpot for quite some time.  Enjoy!  You may end up asking yourself where you have been eating all these years.  :)
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,10/3/2013,1127,441,5,7,8>My friend and I came here recently for lunch on a sat.. The parking lot here is so small.. and the spaces are really small as well. We were seated quickly, and they were becoming pretty busy.We ordered the medium pho, coco tofu, and MangoTango. Food came out pretty quickly.  The pho was not too salty ( like most pho places) , and barely had any oil in the broth, I loved it!!The coco tofu was delicious!!! I really didn't expect it to be that good, even my friend ( it was his first time trying vegetarian food) said it was delicious.  The sauce was slightly sweet, and covered with peanuts.  It also came with a side salad and brown rice. The mango tango was a light tasting smoothie, it had a nice mango flavor and a tart taste as well. Meal was $20 with tip so worth it!!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,10/2/2013,760,816,3,7,6>Gorgeous view! Came here for lunch and the weather was great! we sat at the patio where you can hear the water crashing, watch sail boats pass by, people jetskiing. The atmosphere was just great! Love it!service was attentive and friendlyFood was good too. Good amount portion and the taste was great. Their salad looks really good. I ordered the Shrimp Po Boy and it was good. My sandwich came with four deep fried, butterflied shrimps and a side of fries. Everything was appetizing but I think the next time I dine here again, I'll order a salad or even the ahi tuna. I saw some people ordering the Mud Pie and oh my that thing looks ginormous and delicious - mental note, definitely ordering that next time after my meal!
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2006,9/20/2006,7,5,7,4,2>When people ask me what this place is all about, I can never do it justice. It's definitely chic, but not in an Armani Exchange kind of way. And it has a Hawaiian theme, but not in a Hilo Hattie kind of way. It just throws you straight into vacation mode - like you're having dinner and drinks  in one of those hotels in Hawaii where room service puts bazillion-thread count sheets on the beds and drops plumerias in the toilet bowl.If you're in between Maui vacations, you can slide into one of the outdoor cabanas at Lei Lounge, sip a pomegranate martini, pass around tasty Island-themed tapas like miniature Kobe hamburgers and coconut-crusted calamari (with killer-spicy dipping sauce), and NOT be bothered by someone trying to sell you a timeshare.  If you're feeling especially indulgent, flag down the roaming Back Rub Guy for a quickie. (Your shoulders will say Mahalo!) Be warned: An evening at Lei Lounge will make you want to run out and buy a bunch of linen outfits or maybe even tuck a big tropical flower behind your ear. Even if people kind of make fun of you for it.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2006,9/18/2006,41,45,10,3,1>All the stylists are good at HOH, but IMO, Its all about Gilbert.  If you are in SD and you need a haircut, Gilbert is the man.  If you go, tell him Brett sent you, he'll be stoked.  They named the place "House of Hair" even though I suggested a more appropriate name would have been "Home-o-Hair".  Alas, they are not changing it.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2006,9/17/2006,0,0,,1,2>The original Seafood City! I remember when this place first opened, it was madness. It still is! Sadly, it almost puts the other nearby Filipino grocery stores to shame. The parking lot is always crazy and sometimes there are too many people here. But, that's also what I love about it :) I miss this place!
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2006,9/16/2006,8,8,6,4,3>Every time I walk into this store, I feel like I've just entered a dodge ball game.  One time I actually thought I saw Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn shopping in their leotards.  La Jolla WFM has a new name "Dodge Foods" it's no longer Whole Foods.  Don't get me wrong, I long to enter a place that has enormous lines and frantic wealthy women who shove their big inconsiderate boobs into my food.  Most of the time, I find myself avoiding the crowd and overwhelmed by their abundant food choices.  However, putting my impatience for crowds and boob phobia aside, I just can't stop eating there everyday.  So I've compromised.  I find it helps to go during off hours that way I can avoid the crowds.  Although, 8 of 10 times, the dodge ball game is on but when it's not, you can choose your food of choice semi-quickly and get out of there.  With that said, I do applaud them for their outstanding food and their friendly staff.  Plus, it's really not their fault that they are so popular.  Conveniently speaking, if you want a pre-made, mostly organic, healthy bite or abundant food choices, and not to mention friendly service, go to this La Jolla WFM.  Just remember to wear your elbow and knee pads and don't forget to befriend the underdog.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2005,9/15/2006,35,105,,6,8>My wife and I got engaged here, after years of it being our favorite romantic restaurant in San Diego.  The restaurant is located on the main street of La Jolla, with breathtaking views of the Pacific Ocean.  The service is excellent and the Italian seafood menu mouth-watering.  The atmosphere strikes a balance that is appropriate for formal or casual wear, for romantic outings or a special family dinner (although it probably is not the best place for small children).  I highly recommend this restaurant for a first date, special occasion, or even to ask the love of your life to marry you while the sun sets over the ocean.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2006,9/14/2006,2522,2645,3,7,10>wednesday afternoon...it's been a hectic week with back to back business travels up and down the west...today...dropped off in sunny san diego....familiar home to me....morning was bit hectic with a quick job in san marcos....next job in san diego didn't start 'til 4pm....4 hour gap..what to do?...what to eat?...ventured down south....past downtown...over the ever majestic coronado bridge...driving towards the ocean....left on orange ave...and approach the  towers and red roof of hotel del coronado...on that corner infront of the hotel is yummy sushi...tucked inside the plaza....underground parking or street parking is plenty...tacky the name...come on......"yummy sushi"?...koreans aren't known for their originality...how many "korean restaurants" do you know?..anyways....don't let the name fool you...once you enter..it's a long narrow restaurant surrounded by windows overlooking the beach....beautiful....relaxing....once seated....two types of tea are served...green or roasted rice tea...both nice..subtle tea to enjoy with edamane....and bowl of miso soup...started out with a plate of perfect tempura...battered...fried...and looked to perfection...with the perfect mild and sweet tempura sauce....a bowl of udon to get the appetite rumbling for more.....the toro...yellowtail..salmon...live shrimp sushi....tuna....fish..fish..and more fish.....oh...i'm in tokyo heaven...piece by piece...sashimi to sushi....it's "butter"~!....melts in your mouth....such a treat....light dip of wasabi and soysauce....i couldn't stop...charbroiled collar of yellowtail...with ponzu..this soft meaty treat was a bit overkill...but a must have as an appetizer or part of the meal....fantastic and cooked to perfection...complimented by the perfect ponzu sauce..this was again..magnificant...plum wine sorbet ice cream...with cubed oranges....oh..is hen training for the ifoce?....no...hen was just in sushi eating heaven....one of the best sushi meals i've had in a long time....*come ready to spend $$$$...cuz quality doesn't come cheap....but well worth it...
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,6/26/2014,1515,967,21,24,24>If I went to heaven, this is exactly what I would imagined it'll be like. Endless steaks coming to serve you at your table. Except that I would never get full and I can just eat and eat and eat steak all day long. That was one of my versions of heaven...Unfortunately I'm not in heaven, I'm in Fogo De Chao, and getting full is inevitable. That's the only downside to real life, but this is a close version of what I imagine meat heaven for me. Get that piece of meat! Compared to like Ruth Chris or Donovan's, FDC is a steal! About $50 for all you can eat, and the quality of meats here are excellent. You get 6 different choices! I've been to Rei De Gado, I must admit RDG have more meats and more things available at the salad bar, but their meat was not all great. FDC meats were quality and all were perfectly seasoned and it was not chewy at all, very lean. My favorite cut was the top sirloin and the ribeye. I've also tried the filet, filet wrapped with bacon, bottom sirloin, garlic steak, and spareribs and others... The only thing I didn't waste my time with is the chicken or sausage meat. But I do wish they have chicken gizzards but I was so full at the end that I didn't think of it. FDC drinks are good (quite pricey though-$12). I got the berry mixed drink and it tasted like a berry smoothie with some alcohol in it. What a great birthday celebration. The key to my heart is steak, and my BF did a great job winning my love--for steak =P. I wish I never got full, I'll be in this version of my meat heaven forever.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,6/25/2014,415,328,10,13,11>For the celebration of making it to the end of our second quarter, my boo brought me here for dinner. He had given me a few options of where I would like to have dinner and of course, I perused his choices using the reviews on yelp.com. This place stuck out to me because they do farm to table.We started with the pork belly on spinach. I had read a few reviews touting it's deliciousness, so I had to try it. It definitely did not disappoint! I was craving fresh, delicious vegetables so I only had a small amount so that I could save room for what was my favorite part of our meal, the organic baby beet salad. It was amazing! I could have had a large bowl of it, some wine, and nothing else.Next came our entrees. I had a delicious ravioli, although it was served with an unappetizing foam on top. I could have done without that. The dish was full of fresh veggies and very good otherwise. The bf had a steak which was not to my liking. It did not seem like a good cut of meat. It was hard to cut and chewy.Since we were celebrating an anniversary, they left us a nice postcard on the table wishing us happy anniversary, which I thought was a nice touch. In addition, they brought out TWO amazing desserts. The chocolate mousse was amazing! There was a cake of some sort served with gelato that was so good that the plate was left clean.Overall, our server was nice, the place had a great feel along with a nice wine list, and the food was delicious. This was our first visit here and we will definitely return.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,6/24/2014,179,191,9,11,8>Good stuff! This is a smaller Farmers Market than others in the San Diego area, however it packs a punch.There are options for typical veggies, fruits and flowers. Also vendors selling other goods like olive oils, peanut butter, salsas and such. As well as a selection of food vendors selling meals.This market is two small blocks. Not overly crowded. Its always good to shop local and support local. Come ouy and check it out. While your in the area, chill at other shops in PB and enjoy yourself.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,6/23/2014,74,112,7,16,9>06-06-2014 - Correction to the bathrooms section in my 4/2/2014 review below:I must be blind as a bat. Apparently there are bathrooms with running water and even soap in the back of the main parking lot. I was so used to bathrooms being along a path or in recreational areas that I did not bother to check the back of the parking lot. Thank you to the Yelp user for first of all reading my Lake Murray review and second for bringing this to my attention. I would like to also apologize to anyone who had to suffer using a porta potty because of my review and oversight. I guess it is only fair to alter my rating on Lake Murray because of this mistake. So instead of 4 stars, I give Lake Murray 4.25 stars. --------------------------------------------------­---------------Original review 04/02/2014-I find most lakes boring because there are no currents, no waves, no tides and the scenery is the same from practically every angle. When given a choice between going to the beach or lake, the beach wins 998 times out of 1000. So our trip for a little exercise would be our once in a blue moon trip to a lake. So we went to Lake Murray with very low expectations and came away with a pretty decent experience from this lake. Here is the scoop on Lake Murray:Directions and Parking: From interstate 8 we headed north on Lake Murray Blvd. From there, we took a left onto Kiowa Dr. where there is the huge parking lot. There is no charge to park in this lot and plenty of spaces available. There are other parking lots further down Lake Murray Blvd near some baseball fields.  However, there is a risk of a foul ball smashing a car window and I think most of the lots are gravel and dirt whereas the one off of Kiowa drive is all concrete.Path: From the east end of Kiowa Dr. parking lot as the starting point, the paved path runs about 3 miles in a semi-circle along the eastern fingers of Lake Murray. There is a sign that warns travelers that the path does not go all the way around the lake. So the distance traveled one way is the distance needed to travel back the other way on foot. With a generous amount of traffic on the path, I was impressed how clean and well maintained the lake was. Birds and Trees: We saw plenty of ducks, a couple of Canadian geese, a grey egret and an enormous nest on top of an utility line. Lake Murray is definitely a bird watchers paradise. Lots of different vegetation grows around the lake. Our favorite was the tree blooming some kind of yellow flowers right behind the Cowles Point sign. It was very cool looking. Fees: The following are the fees for recreational activities on the lake: Fishing permits: Adult (ages 16 and over): $8; Youth (ages 8-15): $2.50; the sign did not have the fees for kids below 8 so I am not sure if they are allowed to fish or if they are free?....Boating Permit: $7, there was a Senior Permit (ages 65 and over) for $4. It was unclear whether this was for fishing, boating or both or maybe it's a fee to bring old people to the lake? Bathrooms: I did not see any bathrooms with running water. There are only porta potties and outhouses with no flushing toilets or sinks. This is definitely an area that needs improvement and would most likely be welcomed by the majority of visitors to Lake Murray.  Crowd: Reading through other reviews, I was supposed to watch out for THAT guy or don't be THAT guy. I could never be THAT guy, I was raised to be polite and courteous to others around me. It's not in my blood. But damn, I wanted to see and witness THAT guy. It would have added some excitement to our stroll around Lake Murray. Maybe next time? Most of the people were doing their own thing and everyone was out to enjoy the day and have a great time. Verdict: Four stars for a lake.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,6/22/2014,282,448,11,14,12>I came here about a year so excuse my lack of detail in the review...But I do remember the HUGE portions and delicious flavor!  I got a huge pancake that was bigger than my head LOL.. And a mimosa that was very good.The decor is very unique which is cool to look at.But the wait does suck.. A party of 2 on a Saturday morning took about an hour and half, still remember that haha
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,6/21/2014,174,293,7,12,9>Have driven right past this place several times, but a friend recommended it for brunch and what I thought was a steak place alone actually has quite a large breakfast menu including items like lemon ricotta pancakes and eggs Benedict. I went for value though with the $5.95 breakfast which comes with two eggs (any style), breakfast potatoes (very tasty even without hot sauce), your choice of bacon, sausage or ham AND french toast or pancakes. That my friends is one heck of a deal. They have a Monday night burger night where you can get a burger plate for something like eight bucks. May have to go back for that. And to try the steak. Overall, it was a nice surprise as a place for a good, hearty breakfast.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,6/20/2014,33,194,6,12,8>For the past month or so my husband and I have been on this Thai food excursion to find the best place. I would have to say there is no such thing as the best Thai Restaurant, each and every place has their pros and cons. Usually they are mostly pros. Banh Thai was just as good as any other Thai place I have tried, but I do really like their vegetarian tom yum. Also, to be fair I cannot compare Banh Thai to any other place, nor can I compare any other place to Banh Thai. This place is a no fuss restaurant with good and fast food. The workers are nice and very helpful. It is great that the menu is also simple. I like short menus, when a place offers to many items I feel like there is only a few items worth eating. Onto the food....vegetarian tom yum - it's a very big bowl that can be shared (I don't share my soups), winpad ped with vegetables on brown rice - not too salty and you can get the spice to your liking, winfried spring rolls - this was okay, nothing special as the filling was just some glass noodles and veggies, a small winpad thai with duck - my husband was not in a conversing mood as he was having a moment with his noodles so this is........a winPortions are very generous but don't expect them to be served on beautiful plates. Paper plates and plastic utensils baby......eat and toss.....that's the way to go. Prices are very reasonable relative to the portion of the plates. Coming back for sure.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,6/19/2014,72,60,10,21,10>Karl Strauss has a beautiful location tucked away in the Sorrento Valley business park! They have a huge parking lot, so it's never a problem. PRO TIPS:1) Free beer and pint glass on your birthday.2) Sunday brunch is amazing! Make a reservation because they do get busy. You can get a 1 beer, a flight, or all-you-can-drink mimosas. Sometimes they'll give you straight champagne if you ask ;) They have an omelette bar, pasta bar, meat carving station (chicken, turkey, steak), pancakes, waffles, pastries, sashimi, smoked salmon, artichoke dip, fish and chips, hot wings, shrimp cocktail, desserts, and fruit. They also have live music. The best place to sit is in the front outside seating. People come for bachelor/bachelorette, baby showers, and birthday parties. 3) Happy hour is only Monday-Thursday. But if you work in the area it's a good spot to meet up. They'll even let you reserve tables for large groups of people. I think I went here for happy hour with 20 people.4) Fill up your growler on Fridays. They have a code word that's posted on their Facebook. If you tell the bartender you can get a growler fill for a discount!5) Don't try to come on Saturdays. They are closed for special events. 6) The buffalo wings are my favorite! They are crispy and perfectly tender! Served with celery, carrots, and ranch!7) Sit outside! The ambience is beautiful and they have space heaters at every table.8) If you order lunch it'll take around 20 minutes. The wait is a little long for takeout lunch so I would recommend calling it in.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,6/17/2014,42,22,4,13,14>This place is really wonderful as I have spend my first meeting with my boyfriend. We have started our relationship there and it is still continue. So, This cafe should have been given highest rating.But in contrary to this, this cafe also have some atmosphere which attracts people of the town and the friendly behavior of staff quite improving their standards. They are best in the area and their Tea and coffee is always best. i have been going here from last couple of months and I am really happy that it is in our area where we can go anytime. The ambiance is near to my house. We still going here for hangout. Great Place for Tea or Coffee.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,6/16/2014,78,379,11,15,12>We had a sewer flood in a townhome we were renting in La Mesa. The entire downstairs of the unit was filled with water from the main sewer line. The property management at the complex was so slow to respond we called Gold Coast to come help us. I talked with the owner Joe and he gave me so much helpful information and was ready have a truck head out with a team within 30 minutes of the incident. The property management finally got back to me and told me I couldn't use them that they wanted to use their contracted company which was Servpro.Bottom line, Servpro didn't show up for NINE hours. Gold Coast was ready to be there within 30 minutes. It was an absolute nightmare and I was so disappointed I couldn't use Gold Coast because I know for a fact they would have taken much better care of the situation.We weren't offered any help with the move out by Servpro so Joe offered his team to help us pack/unpack the moving truck and clean the non-damage furniture. Pat, Ryan, Matt and George were so awesome and extremely efficient. It made what could have been a difficult moving day so much easier. Two thumbs and and many thanks to Gold Coast!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,5/3/2010,894,543,17,22,19>I came here last Friday with another fellow yelper who had been telling me all about this place. Bangin...is this place really Bangin? What exactly does bangin mean? Well according to urban dictionary, these are the definitions. 1) An adjective used to describe something that is impressive, enjoyable, or just basically good. 2)adj; used to describe a beautiful female, which most would like to bang 3) engaging in sexual intercourse 4)being cool, or acceptable. Ok... so it wasn't 2-4 unless, you like to have sex with your burgers but hey..i'm not judging. But it was pretty enjoyable. Service: our cute waitress (my male friends thought she was cute) was very peppy. She seemed like she was in college probably used to be a cheerleader or something. Very attentive and took our orders at a prompt time and our food came out very quickly. Food: I had the 1/2 pound bangin burger with their secret sauce. Ok...why is it that all burger places feel the need to put thousand island dressing on their burger? it's not a secret anymore...so please don't call it secret! The burger was HUGE when it came. You can have them cook it however you want it, unlike burger lounge. The meat is juicy but not too fatty at all. The burger doesn't drip our grease and all the juice stays in the burger. The bun: your typical sesame seed bun. I wish they toasted it though. The mozzarella sticks are like little mozzarella nuggets. Very crispy and filled with cheesy goodness. Not a bad deal for around $4.00. I like how they have a salad bar where you can top your burgers with almost anything. They have your basic condiments like ketchup, mustard, lettuce and tomato, but then they also have shredded cheddar cheese, and I think I saw some blue cheese. They also have a variety of sauces like ranch and bbq sauce you can add to your burger. It's kind of sad how this place is located in miramar in a random strip mall. We came around Friday night, and there were only 3 other tables. If people don't start coming here, for dinner...I feel like this place is going to go out of business. It's a HUGE restaurant with a good amount of tv's and 2 pool tables. Don't forget to get your restaurant.com coupon. This saved us $25.00 off. Total bill was $27.00 with tax and tip for 2 beers, 2 burgers, a hot dog and chili and mozzarella sticks. Not too shabby. So is this place really bangin? I have to say....YES! BANG it up at bangin burgers.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/6/2010,5/2/2010,227,758,20,27,25>NOTE:  This review was originally posted on the Old Town review page here on Yelp.  I noticed that Yelp moved the review to the Old Town San Diego State Historic Park review page.--------Old Town is super-touristy, but that doesn't mean it's not a good time.  Honestly, I know very little about Mexican and early Californian culture and history, so the educational experience that Old Town provides is appreciated by me.To put it all in nutshell, Old Town is, according to my post cards, where the first permanent civilian settlement in CA was founded (in 1822).There are various little museums of both the donations-accepted (free) variety and the admission-ticket-required (not free) variety in Old Town San Diego State Historic Park.  Lots of plaques here and there noting places/things of historical significance.  Store owners walking around dressed in costumes.  Mexican restaurants and markets and souvenir shops galore.  You can spend an entire day here if your heart desires--lots to see and do in Old Town.Parking can be a major pain on weekends.  There are several $5 parking lots and at least 1 free lot, but they fill up quickly.  My advice?  Drive up the steep hill parallel to San Diego Avenue--I forget the name of the street, but you'll know it when you see it--to street park if you don't mind the walk.  Parking spaces are pretty easy to come by up there.Visitors to San Diego tend to ask if Old Town's worth visiting.  My opinion is that if you're visiting the city for a few days, then Old Town should be skipped; if you're visiting the city for a week or more or you happen to be a history buff, then definitely put Old Town on your San Diego "to do" list.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2009,4/30/2010,166,79,18,20,18>Bullseye!!!!  got me directly in the stomach, and not in my wallet....  Thank god for this place...  Affordable burgers, hooked up basket of fries, PABST, what more more could you ask for...  They've got a good selection of burgers...  I had the 1/2 lbs. mushroom burger...  That burger was so enormous, I didn't know where to start and how to eat that damn thing...  Let's just say there was a party in my mouth and everyone was invited...   The basket of fries was killer as well....  I had to dowse my fries in the green tabasco they had...  damn that shit was awesome....  They also serve yellow peppers, pickles, and relish to you in there own containers for you to indulge on...  They're for those people who like that extra stuff in their burgers...  The service was great!!!  Gigi, which I'm pretty sure was the manager, took care of us...  I just felt bad because I forgot to tell her in the beginning to split our check, but she did it anyways...  She likes to play...  but once I told her I was on YELP...  well...  let's just keep it at that..  haha...  Gigi if you reading this, I'll wear a better shirt and have my hair done the next time haha....  She even gave me a coupon for a BOGO (But one get one) on my next visit...  MUAH!!!!  With all said and done I'd definitely be back with an emptier stomach, and not as much cash....  I forgot to mention they had 1/2 or 1/4lb. cheeseburger for $1.99........  YES $1.99.....  and that's their EVERYDAY special...    Gigi had the bow and arrow, and I was the target...  BULLSEYE!!! got me right in the ass  =(
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,4/29/2010,489,320,30,35,33>I'm a pretty white (as in light) Filipina! Sometimes, people think I'm mix and I get partly offended that they think all Filipinos are dark. So not true. I'm full Filipina. Please don't assume. I've always been self-conscious about my pale, white legs and it being lighter than my arms for years. I have sensitive skin so I don't have the luxury of laying on the beach getting tanned/burned by the blazing sun. This place was definitely a blessing in disguise..well not technically a disguise, but a nice blessing. I FINALLY had an option to turn this white, pale asian to a California-tanned girl! hahaI went here for the first time a few summers ago. I heard about the mystic tanning booth and how it takes just a few seconds to get an even tan of your whole body. YES! I can actually see how I look like after a fake tan for 7 days! Had to try it out for fun and out of curiosity!Walked in on a Saturday morning and was greeted by two lovely (of course tanned) ladies at the front desk. =p I told them I was a virgin to tanning. So they showed me an instructional video of how the mystic tanning booth worked and the levels of bronzer I could use. Easy Peasy! The facility was well-kept and clean! Always a plus of course! I walked into the private tanning room to do my bizz (use your imagination) and within literally 10 minutes I was transformed! I was now a look-a-like sun-tanned Cali girl! I was ready to hit the beach and show-off my mystic tan makeover to my friends...hahaIt was a nice, temporary change and my bf at the time sure loved it (or so he said)! Oh! Do make sure to put a good amount of lotion (provided for you) on your hands and feet prior to getting a tan or else they'll turn bright orange and that ain't so pretty. I sorta made that mistake. Doh!It's been a few years since I've been back and I think I have a few more complimentary free mystic tans on my account for being a member. Honestly though, it was just a phase..I actually rather not do a spray tan often and maybe just for the summer (when I hit the beach) as I no longer am self-conscious of my whiteness. hehe. I'm happy to say that I'm pretty content with what God has given me. ..but well..if you know me..I'll more than likely do anything at least once..well..ALMOST anything!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,4/28/2010,2074,1145,15,23,16>older happy hour crowd and laid back serving crew.nice lounge area in the back that gets packed from 6-7 vying for the 3$ tapas so score a good seat by coming just before!my boyfriend and i sampled:yum!2 orders of the steak (comes on 3 small skewers)potatoes brava - aka fried garlic potatoesoliveshuh - interesting but i'm not sure yetcharred onions with a pureesquash which had an orange blossom or orange rind flavormeh...the shrimp was very "shrimp-y." a tad too fishy which means that it's been out a while.some friends joined us for din din :they had: the tuna sashimi (another too fishy comment)and the burger which looked deelishwe had: the mushroom soup of the day was faaantastic - thick and fillingand the mussels were good.  it had a yummy broth to dunk the fries in.last but not least:coconut tapioca was heavenly as was the butterscotch cream.i prefer the tapioca since it was a bit lighter after all the gorging.drinks weren't cheap.  then again, we didn't go for the 25% off bottles nor the 20$ sangria pitchers.  our bill was over $200.  yowsers!but i did give them extra credit for having a merry edwards on the wine list.  they def make a tasty-tasty pinot noir.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,4/27/2010,1165,834,25,24,22>I'm not much of an outdoorsy person, but every once in a while I get the itch to exert myself in surroundings that don't include elliptical machines and treadmills.  When that happens (as it did this past weekend), I go to Cowles Mountain.It's really an amazing place.  A rugged 1600-foot peak smack in the middle of San Carlos, it seems rather out place surrounded by tracts of stately midcentury homes.  Improbably, at the base of the peak you can find Cotija Taco Shop and Cowles Mountain Coffee, both of which entreat you to ignore physical fitness and stuff your face instead.  The trail has an itty bitty parking lot at the base, which is always full (unless you come for a midnight hike, which I don't recommend, unless you want to be eaten alive by cougars [not the Demi Moore kind]).  Luckily there's plenty of street parking along Golfcrest, which is a better alternative.  The trail to the top is only 1.5 miles long, but it's steeeeep.  It's generally clear, but narrow and rocky at times.  After last week's storms, the bottom third of the trail was still muddy, which added an extra complication.  Point is, there are plenty of places to twist your ankle if you don't watch where you're going.  Achtung, yelpers!Despite the hazards, the trail was packed with people.  And not just young and studly professional mountaineer-type people.  I'm talking young, old, big, small, fit, and not-so-fit.  And they had gaggles of little kids in tow.  And dogs.  Lots of dogs.  Especially dogs whose fur was white at the bottom of the trail but turned browner and browner as they trekked through the mud en route to the summit.While I would've preferred a less crowded hiking experience, Cowles Mountain was definitely still worth it.  The views from the top are absolutely breathtaking.  The day I went was perfectly clear, and I could see all the way into Mexico in the south, the Los Coronados islands off the coast, as well as the snow-capped mountains in the east.  Gorgeous.  This view was reason enough to hike up Cowles Mountain.And, as a bonus, my butt has never looked better!
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2009,4/26/2010,237,127,21,14,15>There have been a couple of bands that have played here that I wanted to check out, but a couple of my friends didn't recommend it and said it was trashy. Honestly, for a bar on El Cajon Blvd and Euclid...its not trashy at all.I finally came to check out "The Silent Comedy," and they were AMAZING! Its a small venue for a band, but still real cool. I was thrown off by the crowd that was smoking, cuz its "technically" outside, but sure seems to be inside. Drinks were strong. I thought it was cool that they had those sit down, cover your whole head, hair dryers lined up against the wall for peeps to sit down at, (I'm a guy, I don't really know the right name for it)...but it makes sense considering it's the Beauty Bar. It was a bit comical seeing the people that sat down there; just doesn't look right.The crowd was chill, seemed friendly. Ages ranged from baby 21 year olds to late 40s (I think). Here are a couple of unexpected "situations" that happened while I was there. First off, I stepped outside to go to the 7-11 across the street, and just before I cross a fight breaks out in front of 7-11. I just haven't seen a fight in a long time. I'm sure it was over a good reason, you know, someone must have forgotten to cover their mouth as they yawned, and offended the other party. Secondly, while I was outside the bar drinking my water (no outside drinks allowed inside), a "lady of the night" started talking to me. I don't think she was an official "street walker" or "working girl", but I think she was an old druggy who was "hooking" and looking to "prostitute" herself. She actually started talking to me over by the 7-11, and then she reappeared by the bar. She asked me if I had plans for the night, and then she asked me if I was the bouncer at the bar. I started spinning around in circles and humming real loudly until she left.Re-cap:- Fair priced drinks- Not trashy for El Cajon/Euclid- Great band: The Silent Comedy- Cool people- Fight outside 7-11- Hooker mistook me for the bouncer
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2009,4/24/2010,282,207,18,24,19>My 100th and it was amazing!!!Yummy subs for a good price! Forget Subway for awhile...I was getting sick of it anyway.This place has a full variety of subs hot and cold. All subs come full or half (12 inch/ 6 inch) white or wheat, avocado, cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, vinegar, oil, pepper, mayo, mustard, horse radish, pickles and peppers.Easy ordering system, they give you a mini menu and you just circle what you want, mistake proof, my sandwich was perfect! I ordered the turkey club and it was mighty delicious as well as huge!!! The bacon was great, no nasty chewy fat pieces but not super crunchy either, just perfect. The bread is soft, fresh and plentiful but not overpowering (some places all you can taste is the bread). The turkey meat was thinly sliced and actually tasted like turkey. I can't reiterate how fresh all the ingredients were down to the lettuce, which at other places tends to be yellowing and soggy.The two staff there were very friendly and I assume one of them was the old Asian guy Julie's talking about. He fit the description, and he is a little darling!You know I like to support the small non-chain businesses and this is one I'll to my list from now on.The place is located between 62nd and College not 62nd and 63rd. It's part of the Plaza apts. There are six parking spaces in front on the street and part of the apartment parking is for this places as well as it's neighboring businesses. Careful where you park because the apartment people tow like no other. You don't want your sub to cost $300+!!!!Closed on Sundays, and does accept credit cards with an additional 50 cent transaction fee.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,4/23/2010,1138,193,19,26,23>TIME TO GET MESSYMessy in a good way! Nothing beats stuffing your face with delicious seafood.Pounds of Shrimp & Crawfish to skin and devour on site. They offer latex gloves for you if you wish to peel it off so your fingers so you wont smell like seafood afterwards but I highly recommend wearing gloves and a BIB! RAW OYSTERS! Yes I love raw oysters served on ice just add some melted butter or hot sauce or lemon and your good to go! If you don't like raw oysters to slurp on they also have fried oysters Appetizers are really good especially the seafood boat which is Fried Shrimp, Calamari, Fried Okra, Onions Rings & French FriesThey serve beer so whats not to love! Seafood and Beer is a good mix LOL I highly recommend coming early because this place is POPPIN and usually the wait time is 15-20 minutes depending on how busy this place is. Peace Yelp Heads!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,4/22/2010,393,158,20,26,22>Amazing beer and great food in an alluring, yet relaxed downtown gastropub.  Extremely impressive bottled beer selection representing the majority of brew styles.Bottles range from exotic beers such as Sam Adams Utopias ($275) and Deus Brut Belgian Ale ($47) to increasingly popular ales such as Orval Trappist Ale and Hitachino Nest White Belgian to classics such as Duvel and even Hoegaarden.Approximately 2 dozen taps of great craft brew.Tap menu nicely broken down into the following categories: Fruity/Wheaty, Malty, Hoppy, and Yeasty/Spicy.Enjoyed some amazing brews on tap, including Allagash's Curieux Belgian Tripel that is aged in Jim Beam barrels, Duchesse De Burgogne Flemish Red, Alesmith's Lil' Devil, Hitachino Nest White Belgian, as well as Stone's Cali-Belgique IPA.Food at Neighborhood is also wonderful.Stone Smoked Porter Braised Beef Ribs were phenomenal. Thick slices of remarkably tender beef rested on the rib bones; the knife seemed to cut through the meat as if it were butter - an amazing dish. Sauce from the braising was noticeably sweet; however, this robust flavor was well balanced with the accompanying Cali-Belgique IPA.Beef ribs were served with a side of jalapeno mac and cheese, which was fantastic.Mushroom Marsala Burger on the ciabatta roll was appetizing. However, the experience with the burger could have been slightly improved if the beef patty dripped fewer juices (making the bun less soggy) and the mushrooms were of a bit higher quality.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,11/25/2009,894,543,16,25,33>WOW MY 100th yelp post. I had to make it sappy and of one of my favorite places!!!Oh La Jolla Cove..how I will miss thee :( (Currently gonna move up to the bay area in 4 days!...eeks) I come to La Jolla Cove at least once a month. Why do you ask? Well...I come here to relax and watch the waves and people watch of course. I LOVE people watching! I was with LUPUS, glomerulonephritis, ITP, and hypothyroid (whew..that was a mouthful) when I was only 8 years old. Throughout my life, I have taken medication at least 4 times a day. It has been stressful. Last year, being the young age of 25, I underwent chemotherapy and various other injections of drugs to help me with my condition. It has been tough, but I will make it through :) I know that I have experienced much more than many of my friends but I hope that day one day I can be an inspiration in little things I do :)I have even survived about 4 years optometry school being in and out of the hospital and being sick. But everytime I came back into San Diego I HAD to make a stop at La Jolla Cove. I still remember everytime after chemotherapy, I would try to remember the peaceful breeze of La Jolla cove along with the breathtaking sunset. I come here to de-stress from all my medical worries. This past weekend I came here on a picnic and I almost cried as I say on the benches eating my sandwich looking into the ocean. This is one of the most gorgeous places in all of San Diego. Whether you are a tourist looking to take pictures of the seals, a homeless man looking for a place to sleep and cans to collect, a college student who wants to get it on late at night, snorking to see some fishes, or just a simple girl like me, EVERYONE will enjoy la jolla cove :)
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,11/24/2009,282,207,16,30,24>Just another ordinary day...going to lunch...park the car start rolling up the window and the window won't budge!!! Great not again.The last time the window regulator broke it cost $300 to fix, and that was only 3 years ago.I was determined to find a good deal this time because I don't feel like being put out of $300 every couple of years for a darn power window motor and regulator.Found this place thanks to my fellow Yelpers, and I'm so glad I did.Called Low Cost Auto Glass in the morning, made an appointment for noon and had the car ready to by the afternoon just in time for school!These people are very honest and up front.  They got the part from Honda and it was $172.00. We talked about getting it possibly online and having it installed there but the manager told us parts you buy online are made of cheap materials and will break again easily. It would cost about half what we would pay Honda, but at this point I don't want to see it break again because I decided to go cheap.Another thing with Honda power windows, you have to by the motor and regulator as a unit, not separate like most other model cars, another reason why the darn part was so expensive.So we decided to go with the Honda part and were charged $85 for labor. We felt comfortable with these people, and new we were getting a deal. I later found the invoice to when we previously fixed this window at a different place and they had charged us $70 for the part and $180 for the labor!!!! That let me know right away that they had used a cheap part and jipped us on the labor.If you have any broken windows or like me broken power window, this is the place to go!!! Stay away from dealerships and auto body places.It's nice to know places like these are still around.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,11/23/2009,393,158,12,22,17>I am quite pleased that San Diego has such an amazing wine lounge with these innovative splash machines. Put any amount of money on a Splash debit card and serve yourself a 'splash' (ie, a 1 ounce pour). The selection consists of approximately 75 or so wines. Another great thing is that the wines are always changing, so you'll have new options on each visit. The wines range from around $1 per 1 oz. pour upward. I think the priciest 'splash' I purchased was $6.  It's so nice to be able to try many samples of wine from a wide range of regions and varietals before having to dish out money on a full bottle.The owner is an excellent host. She is friendly and sweet, and was more than happy to chat with us about the wines.In addition to the innovative splash machines, the ambiance at Splash is absolutely lovely. The comfy black leather couches, dim lighting, and exposed brick walls make for a pleasant and relaxing atmosphere.As an alternative to wine, Splash also offers premium ales such as Chimay and Delirium. These beers are served by the bottle.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,11/22/2009,280,181,18,22,21>I met up with a few fellow yelpers for some drinks and eats on a Hump Day. HH is from 5-7 and it's $2-off the small plates (front page of menu) and $2-off the Sangria.FOOD/DRINKS:- White Wine Tropical Sangria: Oh man... I love white sangria! And this recipe used lychee, which brought in a refreshing twist. (I'll have to remember that the next time I make sangria.) After 3 glasses, I didn't feel anything, not even the slightest buzz. I guess I was just drinking juice... but it was some mighty good juice!- Hummus: Thicker than I'm used to, it was more like a paste. I heard it was better last time, and it looked to be freshly made which I'm all for.- Ciabatta with Chimichurri and Amarillo (not Armadillo) Aioli: The Ciabatta bread was lightly toasted (or "al dente" as Jay called it) with the perfect amount of olive oil. It was my first time having Chimichurri sauce and I loooved it! In fact, I'm making it for a dinner party this weekend! The Amarillo Aioli was a creamy cheese sauce that you could put on just about anything.- Bruschetta: Again, the ciabatta bread was perfectly crisp while still soft in the center. The tomato and basil toppings were fresh and perfect with our sangria. We had to order a second plate, it was that good!INTERIOR:- The lighting was dim, making the setting warm, cozy, and romantic. - Different types of seating - regular dining, bar height tables, and a lounge seating area where we sat. Our food was placed on a large coffee-like table, which made it a little difficult since we were all sharing. - The music was a bit loud, but it sure set the mood. (Jennie even gave us a little demonstration!)SERVICE:- Our waiter's name was Jonas. He was friendly, but forgot to bring out a glass of wine we had ordered... about 3 times. He made up for it by giving us a carafe of White Wine Sangria for free, but seriously? 3 times? I could understand though, he seemed to be the only waiter and the place was packed!Overall, Wet Stone is a great place to enjoy some wine, great food, and catch up with friends. I will definitely be back, some items on the menu looked too good to resist!
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,11/21/2009,260,217,9,14,12>FIRST: RK IS NOT BETWEEN 3RD AND 4TH AVENUE, LIKE YELP SAYS.  IT IS AT WASHINGTON AND BRANT.  (if you are going up Washington St toward Mission Hills, pass Sushi Deli One, and you will see it a block later).  Now, onto my review :).YES! Finding a new sushi restaurant can be tough. Finding a new restaurant PERIOD can be tough - I usually find myself choosing the safe, familiar bet when it comes to going out to dinner. Maybe I look forward to eating too much (yes, I have been told that I do), but I really HATE going somewhere, hungry and mouth watering, only to be let down by bland food. Or by small portions, and high prices. So many factors! Again though, maybe I look forward to my meals a bit too much, and I should apply this over analyzing to other more important issues....Nah! Anyway, I took a risk on Friday night, and went to RK Cafe Sushi. It didn't let me down at all. In fact, it was full of pleasant surprises, like: *$.99 miso soup* $1.99 for edimame * $3 maki rolls. I had the hamachi roll, and it was delicious and fresh. I tend to judge a sushi place by how good their BASIC, PLAIN, RAW rolls are - the ones that do not rely on sweet sauce, spicy sauce, tempura, or even avocado to add to the goodness of the roll. And this one passed with flying colors! * $6 - $7 specialty rolls. I have never seen rainbow, dragon, or other fancy rolls with 3 or more types of fish/seafood in them for this price. The most expensive roll here was $7. I had the Washington roll, and it was great! Came with spicy tuna and shrimp tempura inside, and salmon on top. YUM.  They have a ton of creative, DELICIOUS options.* $5.25 for a large beer and large sake. * The owner came by everyone's table, and gave us a complimentary mini bottle of the best plum wine I have ever had! I happily downed every last drop of that before I left, and kept the bottle to remember the name. I'm hoping that enough people discover this place to keep it alive, but not so many as to create the madness that is outside of Sushi Deli One. So please - try it, but keep your pieholes shut :D.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2009,11/19/2009,242,85,14,15,14>This past year, the only times Ive eaten at conchings was after Midnight!  Tocilog FTW!!!  For you non filipinos out there, lemme translate...-Yeah they be selling some kind of meat with rice and eggs.  I don't know what kind of meat it is, but that shit is good though!!!-Usually after the club, you can find everybody who was at the club, here at conchings.  Friday and Saturday nights are when its helllla poppin'.  I wouldnt be suprised if they started charging cover to get up in here.  Just imagine starbar, but instead of alcohol, FOOD.Theyve also got a mini ice cream parlor in here too.  It's not open after midnight though, but I have tried their ice cream in the day and it is delicious.  I recommend the UBE ice cream!  Halo halo is always good too.  And the prices are really cheap!Got bebot?
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,11/18/2009,195,63,22,22,24>Dae Jang Keum is the bee's knees! I enjoyed my dinner at Dae Jang Keum because.. well... I cooked it! We order the bulgogi and Kalbi. It was my first experience at a Korean BBQ restaurant where you had to cook your own food so I was pretty excited to finally get a chance to do so. The meat came out moments after we ordered, cut , then neatly placed on the grill by the waitress. She also dropped off a few side dishes (kimchi) which looooked pretty delicious, but SPICY! Now anyone that knows me, knows that I don't do spicy. That's just how I do. It makes my stomach go "whoooop whoooop". I gave it to my friend and let her take care of that! Any who, the grilling part of it was fun! You're job is to make sure you'll keep an eye on it while you eat, enjoy your food that you cook, and not to burn the place down like some of the reviewers have mentioned. The food turn out excellent! Not bad for my first time. I usually do a little dance when I eat some bomb ass food, sooo you best believe I was doin' some type of footwork underneath the table while eating the BBchew! The customers from the table next to ours gave me this "OMG he crazy look" but I paid no attention to it. They were just jealous because they can't BBQ and do the electric slide while sitting down at the same time like ME! What can I say, your boy got skillllz! DJK is one of my new favorite places to eat and you should definitely come try it if you like Korean BBQ.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2009,11/16/2009,374,341,13,22,14>Dear Nature's Express,You wish to satisfy the palate without sacrificing members of the animal kingdom is a beautiful thing.As a former vegetarian who will someday return to that tender, benevolent lifestyle I appreciate your existence.You offer up veggie fare made with organic ingredients, flavor and flair but fall woefully short in the value department. Why oh why does a tiny saucer of food cost $7? I'm not a greedy Gretchen but alas, this pauper's portion left me hungry for more! And the salad-sized plate was nearly $10! Almost all the dishes from the hot buffet were tasty and fresh but those Lilliputian servings were literally for the birds.I did however note that the burgers are super cheap! Raise those puppies up and bring down the buffet prices and I'd visit often, and with much pleasure.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2009,11/15/2009,735,735,27,25,25>Inside, our hero's friend checked his cell phone and then put it back in his pocket."What was that?"     "Oh I thought my phone was vibrating, but it was just the bass."Hell yes.  The music was pumping ridiculously loud and our hero could feel the bass in his shoes.  The two DJs here were spinning up a storm on the weekend and the bartenders were very busy.The preponderance of skinny jeans and plaid shirts gave it away: this was a hipster bar.  Downtown shiny shirts invaded PB via Bar West, PB d-bags shifted over to North Park with the establishment of True North, and displaced hipsters naturally have to move downtown to El Dorado as they were forced out of their natural habitat.  Never fear though, juiced up MMA-shirt-wearing bros and and striped shirt types can still be found here.The vibe is fresh, the ambiance is divey, the tracks are sick, and the crowd is mixed here.  Overall, the bar is on the small and cozy side, with the dance floor looking like a plus sized model trying to fit into a B-cup.PROS:- Good weekend DJs.- Interesting decor and dimly lit intimate feel.CONS:- Pricey drinks.- As with most downtown bars, they charge a cover.- Two notches more hipster than the downtown norm.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,11/14/2009,74,74,61,61,61>ZONA'S ZONKERS!!!When I was a little kid, those ultra delicious and huge apple fritters from this donut shop were called Zona's zonkers,and the place was called Zona's Donuts. Zona Ainsworth was this feisty little old white woman who refused to sell the land around her donut shop for years and years,until  the construction of highways 52 and 125 started to change the landscape around her,and so she sold out. RIP, Zona!The donut shop has not changed, especially the products! .Even the building looks the same, it looks like a truck stop.Good for you,Mary, for continuing the recipes!But I don't think people call the fritters Mary's Zonkers,though.Umm.Their donuts are still, simply, the BEST.  I think the taste and the texture of their donuts are beyond compare.  I love their huge apple fritters, crispy and delicious around the edges,sweet, but not too sugary sweet in the middle, with little chunks of apples.  I also love their cream-filled donuts.The donuts are priced inexpensively.  From  75 cents for regular donuts, to $1.55 for the specialty donuts, like the apple fritters,which are humongous.  Donut holes are $1.45 a dozen. A dozen of regular donuts is $6.59.VERY "MASARAP".  VERY "NAIMAS".   VERY DELICIOUS.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2009,11/6/2010,132,148,13,8,9>Dear Riviera,I suck at grilling.  I am so, so, very absent-minded, and thus unequipped to eat at your establishment on my own unless I'm prepared to eat charcoal.  Therefore, I am sadly limited to dining at your establishment only when I am present with grill-friendly, time-conscious company.However, your bar makes up for my dire lack of grilling talent with your potent drinks that make my liver want to slap your bartender with a restraining order.Fuck, after a few drinks at your bar, I don't think I would even notice, care, or remember that I even ordered dinner.*muah*
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,11/4/2010,245,144,16,14,16>It's raining men. Hallelujah! It's raining men! Amen!But no sooner had I walked through the door did I realized these dudes weren't your boilerplate panty chasers. The bar's harshly dark lighting is offset by its colorful, mostly male clientele, many of whom, quickly and as if by rote, visually romped my lover's tight and tender bits upon his entrance.Better him than me..Steal drink prices, a motley crew of sociables and killer karaoke are few of the many notable attractors of Redwing. Of most importance, however, is the come-one-come-all atmosphere. It is [almost] a scientific fact that drinking in friendly places minimizes the likelihood of your morphing into an angry ethnic stereotype (take your pick, really) after flooding your system with a four-ounce shot of Jaeger poured nonchalantly by one of Redwing's finest enablers for hire. Tip accordingly.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,11/3/2010,422,258,9,16,13>A solid 4 stars.I've now been here twice, once by myself, and once as part of a large group.  Both times, they were very friendly with excellent service, and very enjoyable food.Spicy tastes are a hallmark of Sichuan dining, and they bring that to the fore at Ba Ren.  But it wasn't blazing, fireworks-exploding-in-your-forehead spicy, it was the kind of spice that brings a different flavor with each bite, complimenting the one before.   And I'll admit, I would have had ZERO interest in getting something with fish and tofu, but it was surprisingly good.  Of course, picking up tofu with chopsticks is a bit more challenging.So why only 4 stars?  For starters, the location is somewhat out-of-the-way.  You could live an entire lifetime driving by on Clairmont Mesa and never even know Ba Ren exists.  But the main reason I take off a star is that some of the dishes that have bones in them (chicken, frog legs, duck, etc) are very difficult to eat because the bones are so fragmented and shattered.  In the Beer Duck (one of the house specialties), the duck meat was rather sparse and mostly attached to shattered duck bones.  I ate what I could, but it was very difficult to get much meat without also getting a mouthful of bone shards.But that won't stop me from eating here again.  I'll just make sure to choose other things that aren't likely to have this kind of problem.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2009,11/2/2010,204,144,12,17,14>What in the hell took me so long to try Mama Testas?   After all, I've heard how awesome Mama Testas is, I love Mexican food and consider it to be "My Last Meal on Earth".  Well, it is true.  I ate so much that I needed to be rolled out of here.The salsa bar has so many choices, but I narrowed down my favorite to be the La Escalera which is morita and tomatillo.  The La Escalera is not chunky, its creamy and rich, goes well on everything. The most unique and spicy is the El Cask (tomatillo and parmesan), which was perfect for the chips.  And my third favorite was the La Luna (chile with sesame seed).  Since this was my first time at Mama Testas, I allowed my dining partner to order what he thought was best.  He chose the Mojados de Carne and Del Aleman.  Mojados de Carne was amazing.  The broth was rich but light and I loved how the rolled tacos lost a little of their crunchiness yet the beef was still really tender.   The De Aleman is three al pastor pork tacos with fresh pineapple and a side of refried beans and rice.  The mini corn tortillas come doubled, so you can easily make six tacos out of three with all of the meat they pile on.  During our meal, the owner, Cesar,  came over to greet us and ask how our meal was.  Now that is service!!  Thank you Cesar and the staff of Mama Testas for such a great meal.  I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,11/1/2010,74,74,41,45,39>The BEST place for introducing a novice (non-Filipino) to Filipino fast food. Typical for most of these restaurants,you walk in and point at the items you would like to order.   I just say," 3 ITEM COMBO,PLEASE,"" DAT WAN, DIS WAN,AND DAT OBER DER."SALAMAT PO,(Thank you)BUT....Manila Fast Food has HUGE pictures above the counter with the NAMES of the DISHES! This is a big deal if you are not familiar with Filipino food.  And, if the restaurant is busy, the staff may not be too helpful in taking their time to describe the food.Of course, they have the most familiar dishes,like pancit,adobo,kare,kare,sisig,dinuguan,lumpia,etc.  They also pile on huge mound of white rice with your combo order.Just be warned, this is a very small restaurant, few tables,and ONE very small bathroom, and there is always a line!I have been known to have run to the Popeye's across the parking lot to relieve myself.This has been my 60th review.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,10/31/2010,497,132,12,11,10>If you want a goofy waiter with a fake cheesy smile, lame suspenders, sub-par pieces of flair pinned on said suspenders, and corny decor on the walls like hubcaps and novelty license plates, then take your crew to Bennigans...Now, if you want some very delicious,authentic Mexican food(with pretty much every item on the menu being able to be substituted for a vegan/vegetarian option), vicious art on the wall, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds or Peter murphy playing in the background, and a good atmosphere to boot, then go to Pokez. The potato rolled tacos here are the bidness. its true.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,10/29/2010,181,104,15,18,13>Finally a great Pho restaurant in Santee! This place is in the Abertsons parking lot right next to the Round Table pizza @ Mast and Magnolia. I stopped by last night to try the Pho. I had the number 4 I think. The soup came with in 5 minutes. It was great! Hot and fresh! The soup broth was awesome. The beef was excellent. There was a pile of it right in the center. The jalapenos were frigging hot. The noodles were perfect texture. Overall it was a great first visit. If you are in the area you must stop in and try the food. Dino...)'(
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,10/28/2010,597,654,12,17,18>The only thing missing is a huge Aquarium. Besides that, you won't find anything as authentic tasting as what they sling off the wok here. You'll have to fly to San Francisco's Chinatown to get Chinese grinds as good as this. Sure, this Chinese "Hole In The Wall" is located in a business park strip mall off the main drag of affluent San Diego suburbia. But you'll soon discover that it's worth the drive and headache finding a parking spot during a busy weekday lunch break. I'm telling you, the food here is the "Anti-Panda Express". It's not heavy nor greasy. They don't douse everything with gallons of Oyster Sauce. There's no MSG yet... there's flavor for days. They don't speak the best English here but they sure know how to drive a mean wok. Delivery is also available, that's another big bonus for folks in nearby suburbia driving gas guzzling SUVs and the gas tank is reading "E". No need to drive down to Convoy or head up to the OC to get Grade "A" Chinese food. It has finally arrived on Scripps Poway Parkway and hopefully, it's here to stay. A hidden gem indeed.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,10/26/2010,195,63,14,15,18>$5 for a line up. Can't beat that!Never really a wait here. Opens @ 9am Monday-Friday. Quick. Fast. Friendly. Clean. Cheap. In and out within 15 minutes. That's all folks.See you next week!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,10/25/2010,132,153,12,16,10>I came here Saturday to get my bahn mi fixed.  But unfornuately for me they gave me the wrong order.  By the time I got home, I discovered there were no banh mi's in my bag but instead we got an order of bun.The bun was a savory combination of grilled beef over rice vermicelli noodles served with shredded lettuce, mint, basil, bean sprouts, crushed nuts, and chili-lime fish sauce.  It was a pleasant suprised.  I was actually quite satisfy with their mistake.  Next time, I am going have a difficult time deciding what to get.  I guess every story has a happy ending after all.
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,3/27/2008,26,31,10,18,13>First let me compliment the first reviewer, Jae L. on even getting into this place.  If you check  it out, you'll notice that it always looks closed.  In fact, they're only open a few hours in the evening, and they've made an honest effort to keep this place hidden.  It seems they want to remain authentically Japanese and want to cater only to Japanese.  In fact, my sister and her husband (looking obviously Filipino) attempted to walk in once and were immediately turned away.  Knowing this, I called my trusty Yelper friend, Mark M. and he accompanied me and my wife here.  Mark speaks fluent Japanese although he is not, and he also looks the part enough that the locals think he is Japanese even when he visits over there.  When we walked into  this mysterious little restaurant, before us was a beautiful sushi bar and only two other clients.  All the seats had a "reserved" sign on them.  The chef checked us out with a skeptical look, but Mark worked his magic, he took off the "reserved" signs and we were in!    My wife and I remained silent, but the chef knew what was up and clarified to Mark that they don't serve Americanized sushi.  Mark assured him, and the chef worked his magic, and yes, the sushi was EXCELLENT, perhaps the best quality I've ever had.  He prepared us stuff that I've never had at other places.  So, here's the scoop - if you wanna go here, you must either be Japanese or be accompanied by someone who is Japanese.  I coudn't imagine going here otherwise because it's part of the experience to talk to the chef while he's making all the goodies for you.  Mark conversed with him the whole time, and although I couldn't understand, I knew toward the end when Mark admitted he wasn't Japanese to the chef, because the look on his face was of total surprise!  Anyway to those yelpers who have said that Chula Vista doesn't have any authentic asian places - YOU ARE WRONG!!!!  I felt like I was in another freakin' country in here!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,3/26/2008,677,394,20,6,8>I'd like to take this opportunity to publicly thank Rich's.Thank you Rich's, for providing me tasty and strong drinks on Sunday Funday nights so I can be not so fresh and cheery on Monday morning for work.Thank you for the wet underwear contests, the half naked men, the bartenders who will listen to your dying request to make that 5th shot with the boys extra weak. Thank you Rich's, for providing the place where I can become less than fresh and cheery to the point where I've bumped into the mirror in the ladies bathroom and excused myself politely to the image speaking at me in the mirror...
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2008,3/25/2008,180,155,14,17,14>Last Friday I could have been found here consuming (but not able to finish) 1 Veggie slice, 1 Hulk slice (pesto, olives, sundried tomatoes, feta) and a beer I can't remember the name of (Angel's Alley maybe?)  The service was great- it wasn't busy, and they indulged us by answering our questions... seriously, I know it's a pizza place and pretty self-explanatory, but I'd never been, and I wanted to know.  They were rocking out to the Misfits when I went in, and there's nothin' wrong with that.  The only drawback for me was the size of our beer glass as compared to the price (it was in one of those shallow goblet things.)  And we all know what a lush I am- I like big beer.  :)  But still, $10 per person for 2 slices of yummy pizza (mine was finished for me by my cohort) and a beer ain't bad.  Now only to move it to my neighborhood...
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2008,3/24/2008,130,48,7,21,14>I don't know how long this place has been open, but it seems like it's a totally different entity than the Little Italy Urban Bar & Restaurant that has Yelp reviews at the same address.  Anyway, my husband and I were in the neighborhood, and our stomachs were growling.  Our car was parked in front of this place, so we took a look at the menu posted outside.  Reasonable prices for pastas, panninis, risotto, gnocchi, and pizzas.  Ooooh, pizza.  I had a hankering for some pizza.  We went inside, and it was not that crowded at about 1:00pm on a Saturday, but it's a big place and there were several tables occupied and several people sitting at the bar watching sports on the flat screens.  The service was prompt and friendly.  The decor made it feel family-casual.  There were big black and white prints like Sofia Loren, and a small red Ferrari parked in the middle of the dining room.  You can also sit on the patio if you like.  We were tempted by many things on the menu, but kept coming back to the pizzas.  They have names such as the Dean Martin or Tony Sorprano.  We ordered the  Tony Bennet (mushrooms, bell peppers, black olives... hold the onion).  From our booth, we could watch two guys by the classic wood fired pizza oven prepare our pie.  FIrst, they tossed our dough in the air with impressive technique.  Then, they took turns adorning our pizza with the toppings with the attention of an artist.  Finally, our pie went into the oven.  With a discerning eye, it was pulled out and rotated and replaced in the oven until it was perfectly crispy.Finally it was time, and we were hungry.  The crust was perfect, not too thick, not too thin.  Crispy and chewy.  The sauce was perfect, light and flavorful, but not overbearing.  The veggies were fresh and perfectly placed.  The cheese was fresh and delicious.  All in all, we gobbled the whole thing and kept moaning "yummmmm" in between bites.  Maybe we were just craving pizza, but this place hit the spot, and was the best pizza we have had in recent memory.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2007,3/22/2008,52,14,12,5,8>A friend of mine recently wrote a review on a bike shop and it inspired me...  "Holy shit, look at the size of that man's calves!!!"  This is bound to be your expression that you will think to yourself as you walk through the door.  And then you will start thinking about milk after thinking about the word calves.  Or veal.  And then you will think of Italian food, because even though you don't like veal, you really like chicken tortellini.  Which will make you think of Buca di Beppo.  And then you will forget why you are in this bike shop.  And then you will look at this dude's ridiculous calves and you get anxious..... you are here to ride.  You then envision yourself in a bottle neck of bike traffic, trailing only Lance Armstrong in the 5th stage of the Tour De France... and then you start wondering if your legs look good in those spandex bike shorts or not...  "And what about my calves???"  Thats right.  Your calves.  You see, after a few minutes of conversation with the man with the world's biggest, most chiseled and arguably best looking calves in the state.... you will find out that he rides about 200 miles per week on his road bike.  And then you will no longer think that he is strange for wearing a polo shirt with his spandex bike shorts as his work uniform.  In fact, you will envy this man.  And be scared of him.  You will be too afraid to be a window shopper at this man's bike shop.  So, nearly $1,000.00 later, you leave.  With a new bike in hand.  And spandex bike shorts, providing your thighs with ultimate compression and your buns with the desired support that you were looking for.  And your calves.  They are shining now.  Looking toned.  Feeling good.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2008,3/21/2008,134,160,8,12,12>"When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's AMORE!" It's definitely "amore" for me at Pizzeria Arrivederci! This is my new MOST FAVORITE Hillcrest spot. The pizza is authentic thin-crust Italian style pizza with fresh ingredients, and super creative and interesting toppings. And the wine? Affordable and DELICIOUS! The waitress and busboy were absolutely sweet and adorable, and the ambiance made me feel like I was in a family -run pizzeria in Italy. A little Andrea Bocceli in the background, and the fresh smell of yummy Italian foods infusing the mood-lit dining area made for a perfect after-movie dinner last night. I'll call this casual-romantic. Ahhh. And Aaahhh again ... when I miss the motherland, I will say "Boun Giorno" to Pizzeria Arrivederci.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2007,3/20/2008,80,39,14,17,17>Mangos with chili powder on a stick, south of the border style. Made to order crepes brought to you by a hot singing Frenchman. Veggie tamales and fresh limeade. Local and organic produce galore. The Yerba Mate crew with an amazing set up. Fresh and smoked fish. Jewelery. Llama rides. Yes, llama rides.  Fresh flowers. Astrojumps. Live bands. African food, Mexican food, Italian food, Greek food and more food, food, food. Hippies, hipsters and elderly on the verge of a hip replacement. Dogs, dogs, and their doggie friends. Local artists, local farmers and local locals. What more could you ask for?This isn't just a farmers market. It's a stinkin' street fair. I  heart supporting our local economy and the families that run these small businesses. It's been getting so big lately that I'm getting a tad bit claustrophobic, but I always come back for more. Did I mention the food?
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/23/2007,3/19/2008,607,243,27,18,25>I know what you're thinking...::Gasp::A review for Starbucks?  Are you kidding me?No. So, sue me....If I'm running late for work in the morning and am desperately dying for a pick-me-up, I pull through this location's drive-thru.There are hardly ever any cars in line, so I'm not embarassed to scream into speaker "One venti iced cafe americano with 2 pumps of sugar free vanilla, triple shot of espresso, low on the ice, and 5 pumps of classic - stirred. That is all. THANKS!" all in one breath. I pull up within two minutes and pay about $3, snatch my drink from the employee's hands and grab the straw. With my foot still on my brakes, I tear off the straw's wrapper with my teeth like a savage and insert it into the lid, almost breaking it and start chugging that thing to oblivion. Sometimes, I drink it so fast, I barely taste the vanilla. I guess I like being one of those complicated customers who order their coffee like themselves....3 stars because I can. Where else can I get my coffee with no frills exactly the way I want it for a pretty decent price? Even if it is a corporate demon, I must admit I give in every once in a while. I can't resist...I guess the reminder of soothing Norah Jones tunes with the aroma of fresh brewed coffee smothering my senses everytime I walk into a store does it? Whatever it is, I can't fight the urge. I can't help it when my friends want to meet up at this location to gossip, or study. or gossiping when we're supposed to be studying. It's so comfortable. Once upon a time, there was a family owned coffee joint across the street called "Experience Coffee!". Seriously, there's another Starbucks [without the drive thru] less than 1/4 of a mile away. As soon as this location opened up, that place couldn't compete and had to go out of business.I hate you Starbucks.But I love you....No wait - I HATE YOUUU! Help  :-|
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2008,3/18/2008,109,41,10,10,10>Don't stone me for this. But I love meat. Particularly red meat. There. I said it.In my defense, I'm an Ohio girl -- grew up on a horse farm and everything. In Ohio you are raised on meatloaf, sloppy joe's, brisket, Hamburger Helper. (Oh, and also ketchup.) I'm a product of my upbringing, what can I say? Ooh I know. How about: Mooooooo.But my favorite red meat? Steak. Medium rare. And the 4 bites of filet that generally come with steak & frites at Cafe Chloe are carnivorously (is that a word?) perfect. Yes, those 4 bites are reflective of the smaller-plates, "American's are fat ass gluttons" French bistro vibe going on here. I get it. I like it. So I savor every juicy bite, then fill myself up by polishing off those skinny, salty frites that come with it (be sure to ask for the trio of dipping sauces).On a side note, don't you just love calling them "frites" instead of "french fries"? Makes 'em seem a little healthier maybe?Cafe Chloe is a comfortable place to dine solo. Stop by after sundown and grab a seat at the bar. I did and made a new friend. The guy next to me ordered the steak & frites, too. Turns out he's from Ohio.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2007,3/17/2008,134,206,10,14,12>For the first time in my life, I didn't give a crap about getting my hands dirty.I usually don't eat ribs in public places. I don't like getting my hands all sticky and knowing there must be bbq sauce on my chin for the majority of the meal. But, as soon as the "Chuckwagon" was placed on our table, all self-consciousness was thrown to the wind.Chuckwagon = meal for 2 to 10, consisting of Texas BBQ beef ribs, babyback ribs, BBQ chicken, hot wings, corn, steak fries, coleslaw, baked beans = throwing up afterwards because your stomach can't take so much food. It really should be a crime. We ordered the Chuckwagon for 2, and split it amongst 5 people. It was THAT big, and THAT tasty. Old school, dimly lit, late 70's steakhouse furniture. Amusing.They're way too friendly here at Love's.  If it was allowed, our waitress would have stayed at our table and chatted with us for our two hour long dinner. Quite entertaining. Millie, this one's for you.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2005,10/1/2006,123,21,8,7,6>I was put off by reviewing this place for the primary reason, that i would be gushing all over it like a date on prom night. This place has to be the best bar you will ever go to, period. The beer selection is pretty much one of the best you will ever encounter, and the specials are amazing [Fridays will never be the same]. The featured beers are always on point too. The food, man, where do you start? The food here will melt your brain with the amount of endorphins you will release whilst eating. If you are on a diet or some other kind of thing like that, this place is your Gommorah, but that is a good thing. The burgers here alone are one of the main reasons to eat at this oh-so-SoCal joint, but that is just the tip of this rockabilly iceberg. Imagine eating some awesome grub, whilst getting drunk off some awesome beer, to the best most rockin' jukebox you can get. If Queens of the Stone Age and Jello Biafra owned a bar, this bar would be the place they owned. The waitresses are really really cool, they are funny; they are attentive; they know their shit. There is absolutely no attitude whatsoever. If you go, go with friends cuz you will want someone to talk to about your new favorite place for the ensuing weeks. If this bar was a guitar it would be a Gibson Les Paul Sunburst  1960. This Bar is like the hotrod of San Diego bars, and it's location compliments it perfectly. Betty Page should work here and Josh Homme should play here. Best bar in San Diego ever. But keep it a secret ok, and don't tell anyone? Good.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2006,9/29/2006,4,1,2,6,3>Phil's BBQ is hands down, the best BBQ in San Diego and perhaps all of Southern California.  Once you have tried it, just the thought of it will make your mouth water.  Located on Goldfinch in the outskirts of Mission Hills, it is not too far from downtown, relatively easy to reach from the 5 Freeway, and parking can be found on the street or in the paid lot.  This restaurant is an absolute MUST visit for natives and visitors, a great casual date spot, and even a good night out for a family; kids will love eating with their fingers and licking all the BBQ sauce off.  The menu consists of variations of a Rib and/or Chicken BBQ dinner, which come with your choice of sides including Fries, Baked Beans, Coleslaw, and Corn.  When it comes to pricing, this is the perfect place for a cheap date.  You could easily share a Full Rib Dinner complete with 2 sides for under $20.  After picking up your food from the counter, you find a spot in one of the many booths equipped with a plentiful amount of paper towels .  An added bonus: if your date is boring you, you can zone out to one of the several TV screens, which usually play The Simpsons, Family Guy, or sports.HOW TO ORDER LIKE A REGULAR:One of the most important things to remember about Phil's, is that the line to order is out the door every night except Monday (the only day they are closed).  Having said that, there are a few things that regulars know that will make your experience more enjoyable:1. Phone in your order.  Grab a menu, walk away and phone it in with your cell phone.  Then, go for a walk, maybe schedule to pick it up after a movie, etc.  When you go to pick it up, you skip over that HUGE line out the door and your food is hot and waiting for you.  Once you have picked it up, you can still go back and find a seat or maybe take it somewhere else to enjoy.2. Don't complain.  It is possible (crazy, but still possible) that you might not like the BBQ sauce.  If you complain to him, much like the soup nazi, he will simply take it away.  However, if your order is wrong, the staff is more than happy to correct it if you ask nicely.3. Order the fries in a separate box.  Their fries are really good, but if you don't specially order them that way, the ribs are dumped on them and they are drenched in the sauce.  Some people prefer it that way, but I enjoy them plain.  Regardless of whether you adhere to these rules or not, Phil's is a restaurant you are sure to enjoy, especially in these hot summer months.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2006,9/28/2006,32,174,2,4,3>This review is primarily about one thing:The Carnitas Street Taco.I too, was skeptical, when I found that a Rubio's street taco was no bigger than a human ear.  Would that all ears tasted this good!  This tiny taco is stuffed w/ pork, onions, avocado, & that's about it.  But the meat.  Oh.my.god.  It's the most savory, delicious meat I've ever had in a carnitas taco, & I've had 'em all over town.  The Rubio's on Rosecrans had some kind of delicious, barbeque-y tinge to their tacos this evening...they were even better than usual, if that's possible.  Bonus: they are One Dollar each.  Or something like that.  I usually get 4.  Or 6.  You know.Also--the fish tacos are great, too.Minus a star for the generic setting/general lack of ambience.And yes...I know they're not authentic.  That is So not the point.Ole!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2006,9/27/2006,71,211,4,2,2>Let's see...The set up of this place is great.  Right on the beach, roof-top bar... what more could you ask for?I went here the other day and had one kick ass Hurricane.  Apparently there are five Hurricanes to choose from.  They are called levels 1 - 5.  One being the weakest and including only one type of rum, number five being the strongest with FIVE rums included.Of course, I had to have the number 5.... and let's just say that i was buzzing hard after drinking not even one quarter of my glass!  This was some strong stuff!  So of course, after I was finished, I ordered another!Had the nachos which weren't bad either.I went on a beautiful day & I had no complaints about this place.  I'd go back again.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2006,9/26/2006,42,168,3,2,2>"Lottadudes" is a good beer bar -- they have Ballast Point and they serve it in 20 oz. glasses that make it taste even better.  You will not score any chicks here unless you brought them yourself, but sometimes you don't need that kind of aggravation.  Comfortable, good bar snacks, good pool tables, and a nice upholstered bench thing by the window for observing any hot chicks on the smoking deck (sidewalk).  A good place if you don't require a ton of deep flavor in your decor.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2006,9/25/2006,164,311,4,3,4>The food is great if you're a veg-head. If not, you probably won't be too impressed. While you're munching on your BBQ mock duck sandwich, make sure to scope out all the weird pictures of Sri Chinmoy hanging on the walls--everyone who works here worships him.Walk through the hall to the bathroom and you'll see a picture of Sri lifting like 5,000 pounds with his left arm--he's supposedly got super strength and can run for like 48 hours straight. Whatever. As long as they keep serving me my good vegetarian grub, I won't talk too much shit about their stupid beliefs.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2006,9/24/2006,103,174,4,5,5>How much do I love that place? Very much. Not just because I like the red painted walls, brushed steel flames and black leather tufted stage background. I do. I would totally do up my house in that same decor. I was working on it before I moved. Not just because they book killer shows week after week. They do.Not just because they have an ear plug vending machine. I just found out last night that they do.Not just because they don't overprice their drinks. They don't.Not forgetting that I sustained a transvestite inflicted head wound and likely my first minor concussion on their doorstep. I did.But because, I can roll up in there solo, and end the evening having chatted up half a dozen different people, acquaintances new and old. The Casbah is  truly a place for music lovers. The friendly vibe is owed to the lack of pretension. I don't know how they have managed to keep the indie/scenester/hipper than thou virus from infecting this place, it has the pedigree to be way snootier than thou. Somehow they have done it, though. Love conquers all, they say. I think a true, unconditional love of the San Diego music scene has conquered anything that would threaten the ruin of the Casbah as a perfect club.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2006,9/23/2006,49,155,2,4,2>Dreamy dresses for the most discerning bride!  You'll feel like Cinderella (or SJP if that's your style) in one of these gowns.  They carry names you wouldn't find without going to LA or NY, like Angel Sanchez, Ines di Santo and Peter Langner.  The salon is in La Jolla, but Michele (the owner) is no snob: she's been in the business forever and knows her stuff. Check out the website for more info...
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2006,9/22/2006,272,113,1,5,3>My previous employer flew me to San Diego for recruiting. They took me to lunch and I wanted sushi making Tadashi the first place I ate in CA. It was a good place to begin my West Coast culinary adventures. I will always revisit when I'm in SoCal.Best place for sushi in San Diego! They offer the entire menu for all you can eat, including less common items like uni & ame-ebi. Both are quite fresh along with everything else.Can get very crowded but that's a good thing, especially at a sushi bar cause it keeps things fresh like Doug E.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2005,9/21/2006,83,426,4,2,4>I think I counted five different grilled cheese sandwiches.  I had the Dutch Leyden...gouda with cumin.  I was tempted by The Greek (feta with basil and tomato), and another made with some ooey, gooey blue.  If I wasn't coming back to San Diego several times this year, I might have dined here each night in order to try them all.P.S.  Remember to order the big bowl of fries--medium cut with bits of skin.  P.P.S. To those who recall me saying that due to the prior two weeks' vacation indulgences I was going off potatoes...It is lonely on the road. Fried potatoes are love and you know it.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,8/30/2014,81,241,10,16,11>My favorite of all the farmer's markets!If you want...* fresh flowers? They have it!* specialty honeys, oils, and vinegars? They have it!* cheesecake in a cup sold by the nicest man and his sweet mom? They have it!* Bitchin' sauce? They have it! (And if you don't know what that is, YOU have to try it!)* fresh, local, seasonal produce? Do you even have to ask? Yes, they have it!* coffees and juices to help wake you up? They have it!* prepared foods to eat there or take to go? They have it!My one and only complaint? Dogs. Well, more specifically, dog owners. I can't be the only one who thinks it's ridiculous to bring dogs, big or small, into such crowded spaces. Besides the logic of it, there also happen to be big ass signs *everywhere* saying that dogs are prohibited, but I guess it's not enforced (or people just don't care). Go early to avoid the crowds. Go late to get (bigger) discounts. Just GO because they have it!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,8/29/2014,1318,279,17,16,13>I almost don't want to share my thoughts about J&K... but if you want the best hair ever... go here! You cannot go wrong with choosing J&K - the folks who work here are simply fabulous - super talented and just amazing. You will come out of this salon looking and feeling oober great. I would give them (esp my stylist Phavy) infinity stars!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,8/28/2014,313,233,7,15,8>Thank you, Lord Baby Jesus, there's an amazing taco shop in my hood. Under recommendation from my husband, I came here last night with my 4 year old and a friend. It's a basic taco shop-outdoor seating with a few tables inside.  I was exhausted and couldn't decide on anything on the menu but then suddenly the "SD Popper" burrito called to me. Carne asada mixed with guacamole and cream cheese filled jalapeño poppers?!?!? Yeeeeessssss. I will have that in my belly. And my belly was happy. The flavors were delicious and the salsas had the right amount of kick to appeal to most. If you want it spicier, ask! My daughter had the bean and cheese burrito which was made with black beans. She ate the entire thing. All 5 lbs of it. The burrito was as big as her head. We got in just in time-around 6:30. By 7:30 they had run out of food because they were super busy all day. Some people might bitch but I'd rather frequent a business that has fresh food every day and is so damn good they can barely keep up with the demand. Just realize it wasn't in the cards for you and be thankful you won't get 15 day old shrimp. Did I mention the burritos are ginormous? Bring your appetite or be responsible and share with someone.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,8/27/2014,3805,2172,16,40,26>I had the opportunity to experience ice cream from this gourmet ice producer at the North Park Festival of Arts. They are a vendor, but plan to open an ice cream shop in North Park on University at the address above shortly. For $4.50, I had the waffle cone with a scope of the chocolate Macadamia nuts (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamm…). The ice cream was quite delicious and creamy. The chocolate flavor was great and the ice cream had plenty of flavorful macadamia nuts (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamm…).  The waffle cone was light and tasty with a nice crunchy texture and a slight chew. (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamm…) They offer 32 gourmet ice cream flavors, from super creamy ones, to refreshing sorbets. After speaking to one of the owners, he informed me they plan to have a grand opening on June 7, 2014. I look forward to returning to the place of business to take some snap shots and try some new flavors. For now, I need to look our for them at local farmer's markets.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,8/26/2014,900,214,5,6,7>I've seen Habit Grill's all around, but I've never thought about entering one until I got super hungry while grabbing some shoes over at DSW. I usually get burgers from Smashburger, Burger Lounge or Empirehouse, but they are all on the pricey side. I'm not a huge fan of In N' Out. I figured I would try a new place upon the immediate urging of my gastrointestinal system. When I first walked in, I was surprised by the prices. Very affordable burger which I came to determine underprices itself for the taste it packs. The meat doesn't taste "frozen,", it is actually juicy. They don't skimp on the toppings either - lettuce/tomato/cheese to please, and a condiment bar (WITH JALAPENOs!) to help you finish your burger off. I wanted to throw some onion rings as a side, but for the health concious people out there, there are more calories in the onion rings than the burger. So I passed this time, but I regretted that decision as I started smelling them on other people's trays. The food here is prepared quickly, yet still fresh. I'm impressed so much so by Habit that this will be my new burger joint.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,8/25/2014,132,333,5,8,6>I have wanted to try a Cronut ever since word spread about this NY legend way back when.  Since a trip out east is not in my immediate plans I was excited to hear about the Crobar...Donut Bar's version.I am not really into icing and decorations..just give it to me straight up.  I got the last plain crobar along with a Nutella donut.The Nutella donut can easily be shared and still have leftovers.  It was as delicious as you would expect anything coated in Nutella to be.  The Crobar was crisp on the outside and had buttery layers  of soft dough on the inside.  I want to go back again after the holidays when they might offer a wider variety of donuts.  The line took us about 15 minutes to get through and we got there right at 7 am.  The donuts were going fast as almost everyone seemed to be picking up a dozen for  the road. My advice is to get there early or order online the night before when they release the menu.  Street parking is easy that early in the morning and meters are free before 8am!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,8/24/2014,1127,441,6,10,10>My friend recently took me here and I am so glad that she did ! I had always thought that I had already tried all the soondubu places in SD but apparently I didn't, and the flavor of the soup here really blew my mind. The ladies whom were working here were really really nice, exceptionally nice. They took our orders pretty quickly, and our soup was brought out in less than 10 min. They also had about 6 different banchan here, not as much as other places but the soup made up for it. They also have brown rice as an option, which was nice since not all tofu houses offer that. I feel that the brown rice adds a nice texture and mouthfeel when eating the soup.  The white rice gets mushy way too quickly. Anyways, come here if your sick of all the other places, do re mi is still my absolute fave though :)
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/23/2014,278,526,6,8,5>Looking for something different we opened our trusty Yelp app and searched what was around us, Hanna's Gourmet came up, so we decided to give it a try. We got lucky as there was no wait when we arrived, so we grabbed a quaint little table outside.The menu was short, but the description of every item sounded mouth-watering. I had a hard time deciding, as did my hubby. So again, back to our Yelp app, where we began looking at photos of each of the items. I decided on the Berry Ricotta Pancakes and HOLY COW, I literally licked the plate clean. I threw humiliation out the window, picked up my plate and licked the entire sucker clean! My hubby thinks he heard a growl escape my mouth when he tried to sneak a bite off my plate. The pancakes were moist, the ricotta was perfect, the berries fresh and the chocolate drizzle added the perfect accompaniment to the entire dish. Again, humiliation aside, I could have eaten another whole plate they were so good!My hubby took the advice of our waiter and decided on the biscuits and gravy. He was just as pleased as I was. He loved the flavoring, the fluffy biscuits and thick and gooey gravy. He wasn't ready to be as humiliated as I, so he didn't lick his plate clean, but he came very close!We bookmarked Hanna's on both our Yelp apps and we'll be back very soon!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/22/2014,124,210,6,8,6>I agree with others - great place indeed! I love a good Pad Thai Shrimp and this place has one of the best I've tasted thus far. Yum! Craving it now..Staff is very polite and hospitable. The food is very fresh and they use a great amount of herbs which they are very familiar with and will explain if needed. Galangal is a commonly used ingredient and it's from the ginger root. Their soups are great choices too! I had the mixed seafood...yum!The place is unfortunately small (like the size of a cafe), and seating is limited which is a bummer, but once you taste the food you don't care about that. They're very accommodating, so you won't wait long. Prices are extremely reasonable. Large portions too! I would definitely return! Pay cash and you get a free drink with your entree. Don't even have to check in!
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,8/21/2014,576,229,4,11,9>I seriously am in love with this store. It's my happy place. Between finding yummy snacks, great wines, inexpensive home decor and home necessities... there are truly hidden gems in this wonderland. Baskets for one are super cheap here and they are quality baskets. They have a huge supply of candles in every scent imaginable. Did I mention wine? When shopping for christmas presents and for birthdays, this is my go to place. The staff here are very friendly and parking is ample.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,5/24/2010,74,74,56,55,50>NEED BEEF?FRESH MEAT?COME HERE. USDA PRIME,USDA CHOICE! I always get our beef from Iowa Meat Farms, whenever we have a large BBQ.  The butchers are so knowledgeable about meats, the different types  of cuts, and the best ways to cook them.  Customer service is beyond excellent.I came here last weekend because I volunteered to purchase the BEEF for my nephew's post baptism BBQ party.I consulted with one of their professional butchers again, I was impressed with the customer service.  We discussed the types of foods we'd be cooking,and I followed all of his recommendations.I walked away with almost a quarter of a cow,and also different types of SAUCES,from tangy,to spicy to hot.Also, some LOTIONS,and RUBS, there was one called a BUTT RUB?lolThey are a little pricey,but the quality is so worth itOh, everyone LOVED MY MEAT.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,5/23/2010,765,361,14,15,16>Of course this place is beautiful! It's La Jolla for Gawd's sake!! My first memory of this was when I must have been about 12 or 13. I was over near the tide pools (wearing jeans and a t-shirt) checking out all of the beautiful scenary. The waves were small. I turned my back not for a second when a HUUUUGE wave comes crashing onto the rocks drenching my entire backside!!! And of course it was in the morning on a day where I was to be at my brother's soccer tournament ALL DAY and of course I didn't have a change of clothes...such is my luck, lol. Looking back now it was hilarious...it was also at the time.More recently I have been able to appreciate its true beauty, and the fact that the city is so concerned about ridding this area of seals is appalling!! I highly doubt it could be that expensive for their upkeep...if there even is anything that they do to maintain this habitat!! I also find it hard to believe that this is so high on their list of budget cuts that they need to be concerned about animals enjoying their own beach and people coming in to ogle and "ooh and ahhh."There are over 70 miles of beach in San Diego, so why on earth is the city so concerned about clearing a few hundred feet?!?What every article I've read pertaining to their dispersal fails to mention is the reasoning behind their doing this. If you look past the cruelty to the animals and past all the discomfort it would cause the nearby residents, what you have is an extremely gross waste of money by the city. $689,000 is the estimated cost of doing this. And this is assuming that their efforts are successful!!! Seriously wtf mate?!?! Let them be!!!  And need I remind everyone that we are in a RECESSION!!! Why in the hell is something so obsolete on the forefront of everyone's minds? There are many other things that need to be addressed before something so miniscule as seals residing on a small strip of beach!!
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2010,5/22/2010,414,404,16,13,13>Aside from the food always being great and this being the go-to place when a vendor is treating us for lunch.  Karl Strauss Brewery  Gardens has a lovely and relaxing koi pond and the perfect location to pick up a growler on the way home.  Step 1: Park Step 2: Walk up to barStep 3: Order 1 gallon (or half gallon) growler of favorite beer (Tower 10 IPA for me unless by some miracle, they have "The 9's")Step 4: Drive Home (or back to the office.  I won't judge)Step 5: DrinkStep 6: Repeat step 5 until gallon of beer is goneStep 7: HAPPY!!!!
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2010,5/21/2010,587,1463,22,16,17>Stop with those idiotic radio spots. So you made a better fish taco than Bobby Flay. Shocker. Maybe if it was Tex Mex or something southwest than it would have been more of a " battle " . Flay is a cocky East Coast chef thats not familiar with southern California style fish tacos so I wasnt the least bit surprised that he lost.If Bobby came over to my house and challenged me to a Top Ramen Throwdown, Id probably kick his ass. Put me up against him in an Iron Chef Battle then he would seriously annihilate me. Its all about pleasing the locals and obviously Bobby was outmatched from the get go. How does a guy who isnt familiar with San Diego and fish tacos expect to make a better fish taco than a San Diego Mexican restaurant ? That sushi throwdown that he did was a joke. It was actually hard to watch. So obvious that he would lose. Even with Morimoto on his side trying to cram decades of experience within the time span of a commercial break.Come on now. How much more cocky can you get ? Bobby I think youre great but with all due respect, you are one arrogant son of a b*tch.But I digress.I do like this place, even before all of the food network hype. I like the salsa bar. I think they make a decent burrito but its not my top choice when Im craving Mexican food. There are at least 10 taco shops within a 2 mile radius of my apartment, and I live blocks away from Mama Testa. My point is, I have other options that I like better and I dont have to wait in line along with the rest of the north county folks that now flock there. Thanks again food network. Hodads anyone ?If theres one thing that I've Iearned from the food network, its to AVOID San Diego places that have been featured on that evil network. Yes. Its EVIL. How do these places get selected ? Do people submit recommendations ? Is there a voting system ? My inquiring mind would like to know. Seriously, who actually goes to El Indio or Studio Diner ? I do however love Giada. You go girl ! Love the wardrobe.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/1/2010,5/20/2010,263,192,51,32,39>I used to do BJ's (in Westwood) a lot more when I was in college, but I try to avoid being chained up if at all possible now. I have not been to a BJ's since college, but someone special got me to do it for them again. BJ's are best enjoyed with someone you feel comfortable with. I mean, I wouldn't do BJ's on a first date because after seeing the nutrition facts at the back of the menu (800+ cals and a shit ton more of Sodium per slice), I would be too worried that my date would mistake me for a big fat sea lion trying to slurp down a whole slimy fish.  Plus you have to appear classy and not "nasty" to impress your date, and BJ's is anything but classy.This particular BJ's was kind of on the smaller side. Even though it was a Sunday night at 9:00, there was a wait! This place stays open until 11:00pm or later! The server and pizza took too long to come, making me tired and wanting to finish before it was all done and over with. These calories were not cheap either! We ordered a small, 4-slice Spinach and Artichoke Pizza to share for about $15. I had to eat all of my share after remembering that a friend of mine once told me to think of the starving children in Africa every time I spit, even though the taste of the pizza wasn't exactly worth all the calories. The climax was definitely the warm pizookie like sex. The warm, chewy, cookie topped with some orgasmic (ice) cream made the wait and anticipation worth the swallow.  Although I wouldn't actually admit to liking BJ's, I'd do it again for the right person. Afterall, I am up at 1:00am thinking about it again... Mmmm.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,5/19/2010,741,244,17,21,19>I've been eyeballin' this place for awhile now since we shop at the Von's next door.   Some friends that also live in the area have been chatting this place up big time. Sunday my Boyfriend and I decided to give it a whirl and we were happy we did.   Evonne gave some recommendations and we ordered the Spicy Fried rice.  You can taste the freshness in their food the shrimp and calmari in the rice...yummy.  We also had the See Eu Noodles with chicken and  requested it spicy....Wooo Weee!  It's that hotness that comes on slow and gets warmer....just right for us.   Their EggRolls were also very good but the sweet sauce was too much so we just used "Rooster" sauce as a dip instead.  Since it was a busy Sunday night we opted to take it home and Evonne was sure to load us up with all the extras.   We liked it so much we totally filled up and didn't have any for lunch the next day...oink oink.  I needed a cat nap after. I totally recommend Sala Thai if you are in the College area and if you just have a hankering for tasty and fresh thai food.   YogurtLand is 2 doors down too if you want a killer after dinner dessert.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,5/18/2010,792,572,21,25,24>Well hello there Island Style Cafe, I'm glad to have finally met you a few days ago for lunch.  I've heard great things about your joint and thought I'd try it out for myself.You caught me on a good day, I had the day off and I was hungry like no other. In the mood for something comforting, I made my way to your hood with two friends in tow.The fact that you had Korean chicken on the menu made me an instant fan even before I tried the stuff.  You had fried rice and mac salad and teriyaki beef too?  I was happy.Your staff was great, the gal seated us quickly and refilled our iced tea and Diet Cokes that we gulped down between bites.  I don't normally eat like a kahlua pig, but that day was an exception.  You made me happy, you made my stomach happy and my two friends had big fat grins on their faces too as we wobbled out the door.I might have to visit you again soon, you serve shaved ice too and I guess I have to try every single flavor so I can write a thorough review of your joint.  Until we meet again, mahalo!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,5/17/2010,421,351,21,24,24>200th reviewWow my 200th review, where to begin? Well let's start with the other 199 reviews, they are all legit and for the most part small businesses, I don't review chain restaurants, Walmart, Home depot, 7-11 or Costco. I really don't care if the drunk, cashier Gothic chick at 7-11 smelt like ass and shortchanged you on a slurpee. If I am going to run in and grab something, your review will not sway me on theses places. However if it's a small shop like the S+++y P++kle in Poway and the fat fu*k behind the counter gives you attitude, sure I want to hear about it.On to my 200th review, I choose a place I recently discovered and quickly became a fan of...... O'Brian's!!!! This is a Beer drinker's paradise due to the vast selection of top quality craft brews. It's not trendy, or chic or full of Guido's and silicone Barbie dolls, nope it's a down to earth drinkin pub. "I didn't come here to save money or lose weight" is there motto. If you want to experience some of the best beer the world has to offer, you can do that here in comfort.The Beer ***** I recently was in here when they tapped a keg of Russian Rivers Pliny the Younger and it kicked in 25 minuets! But I was one of the lucky ones to have been served a glass of this liquid gold. After one sip I know why it is rated at 100 and so sought after by beer aficionados.They serve Pliny the Elder on a regular and just to name a few of my other favorites on the 21 taps....Pure Hoppiness, Speedway Stout, Duet, Racer 5, Bad boy ,Deschutes Inversion IPA, My Bloody Valentine and too many more to list. The bottle list is extensive, check it out here obrienspub.net/bottles.p… and you get 10% off to go imports Sat & Sun.The Food ***** Quite simply the best dam pub food I have ever had, this weighed heavily on picking my 200th. The pesto prosciutto melt is to die for, amazing! Everything I have tried is consistently excellent. The brewer's plate with grilled hot links, fresh fruit, cheese and crackers is highly recommended (see photo). They have daily specials on the board so check that before the printed menu, they are awesome. Whatever you decide to eat you won't be disappointed, I never have been.The Service ***** ohh dear where to begin, lets just say if people magazine were doing their 50 most beautiful people in the world issue they would only have 47 spots left. I won't name any names but Pocahontas, the feline and her sister are amazing! The entire staff is spot on when it comes to service, even when they are super busy. Always pleasant to deal with and so helpful, especially when I can't make up my mind on what I want. I have seen the owner interact with the staff and he always does with such respect and that's always nice to see, he runs a tight ship.  Some of the patrons have been coming here for as many as 16 years aka muggers, they have earned a nice personalized mug, that hang proudly above the bar. This does not happen that often and these mugs don't really collect dust. Someday, maybe I too will have this royalty bestowed upon me. Until that day comes I will happily be stopping by O'Brian's for some of the Best Beer, Food and Service San Diego has to offer.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,5/16/2010,398,91,3,12,10>Kim rocks!I've gone to a few places around town, none as nice, comfortable, or as good.I was a walk-in, no appointment, parked at Horton and walked over.  The place is very nice inside, drinks are served, black leather waiting chairs are comfortable with three large LCDs showing a variety of channels.  The wait was about 2 minutes, awesome!Kim escorts me to her chair, and moves a table over for my drink, very accommodating, with a personal LCD TV, and hands me the remote control.We discuss what I want done, and let her go to town.  She snipped away for a good 15 minutes, shaping, texturing, etc.  Then she lowers me down, (in the same electronic chair, no walking), for a shampoo, complete with warm towels over my face and eyes, and an awesome scalp massage that seemed to go on for nice long minutes, as I sink into a very, very relaxed state.She removes the towel, and I ask if nap time is over... she says no.  A conditioner is massaged in, then a scalp brush is used - she tells me it's her fingernails, which I almost believed, it felt even better.A rinse, and shaved the back of my neck nice and smooth, used a gentle aftershave, then styled up using some product, and asked me what I thought.  Mirrors all around so no little hand mirror here.  It looked great!She has a great personality, very down to Earth, funny, and kept me smiling, both during the visit and afterwards with the compliments on my hair as well.  It was $40 flat, and I gave her a $20 as a tip.  Touch-up cuts are just $20.Kim is highly recommended.  AlphaMale is highly recommended, too. ;-)Tell them Downtown Rob sent you!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,5/14/2010,149,179,7,9,9>I probably can't give Funky Garcia's a completely accurate review - yet - because I came on a completely empty night and all I got were a couple of street tacos.  But I do know my experience was good enough for me to want to come back soon.Service was good - but we were the only ones in the place so it probably would have been difficult to really experience bad service there..Food - I got the carne asada street taco and the pollo asada street taco.  The pollo asada was a lot more "healthy" tasting than I'm used to - it appeared to be all white meat.  and there was plenty of it in the taco too.  Loved the chips and salsa - as well as the salsas.. the habanero one was deliciously spicy.  Browsing the reviews seem to indicate that food here is kind of hit ore miss, but I definitely want to come back fo Taco Tues or any other happy hour special sometime soon!  I'm hopeful that it won't disappoint.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,8/7/2010,415,328,11,19,17>I went here last night after reading the great reviews that my friends had posted here on yelp, plus my friend Denise swears by this place. Since it was still happy hour, we started with the Ichi-bomb appetizer, which was shitake mushrooms stuffed with tuna for the low price of $3. I put up a pic of it. There were three different sauces on the plate, all delicious but my favorite was the one that tasted like roasted red peppers. I was craving ahi poke, so that was the next dish we ordered. It was different than any other ahi poke I have had. The ahi was sliced in large pieces and placed on top of the salad made up of seaweed, cucumbers and a spicy sesame dressing. I could have just had that and been happy. So delicious! Next came the nigiri. My friend got eel and I got halibut. I don't eat stuff that could bite me in the ocean so I skipped the eel but the halibut was fresh and delicious. Roll time! I always love spicy tuna rolls, so I ordered one. I think they must have given us just the tuna roll because there was no flavor in that roll. This was the only miss of the whole night. Since it generally is my favorite roll, I had to deduct a star. We also mixed it up a bit and tried the San Diego roll. This is spicy yellowtail with salsa. I wasn't really sure how this fusion of sushi and salsa was going to work out but it was awesome! So fresh and tasty! We also got the veggie roll. It was good but way too big to eat with chopsticks. I had to break it in two in order to pick it up. In addition to the great food, the service was phenomenal! Everyone was so helpful and checked on us many times to make sure all was well. In addition, the price is definitely right at Surfside. I left here without feeling any pain in the wallet. I definitely plan on coming back for Monday happy hour when all the rolls are 70% off. That is an amazing deal!
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,8/6/2010,656,263,16,17,16>Kakuni Ramen with thin-cut noodles and Tajima Original Tonkotsu broth? Yes! Beef Teriyaki which for me, is reminiscent of Bistek Tagalog? Mmmm. Takana Fried Rice which I like served with red ginger? Oooh yea. static1.px.yelpcdn.com/p…I like this place. So much in fact that when I logged onto my bank account to check out my spending report, it showed I had gone here once a week for the last month and half. What?? I guess it's because I have a slight obsession with their ramen. It is my favorite in town! Service is consistently fast and friendly, even when the house is packed. I heard that if you get the ramen to go, they pack up everything from the noodles, pork, broth and everything else separately so that way you can assemble it fresh at home. Love that! No over-cooked meat or noodles.Parking is horrendous. We usually park on the street or at the lot next door if spots are available.P.S. Andy T. was right on the money when she said leftovers make your car smell like fart!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2010,8/5/2010,734,200,8,25,14>Note: I love the concept of R Gang Eatery. I can never get enough of upscale comfort food. I think Richard Sweeney is a sexy chef and I wish very much for success in his new venture. This review is intended to be honest and supportive. Chapter 1) The wine list - There is none. I admire that you have chosen a wine maker that donates it's proceeds towards breast cancer research. However, the quality of the wine was not that great. I think giving your guest more then 1 choice of wine would be nice. Chapter 2) Appetizers - The pork loin skewers were fantastic! The mint walnut pesto is the perfect compliment to the pork. I wanted to lick the plate! The tuna tartar was confusing and disappointing. First off it was cooked tuna. The definition of tartar is chopped RAW meat. I think I would have liked better if they called it something different. It also could have used a bit more seasoning. Chapter 3) Entrees - I had the shrimp and grits with the tomato confit. The concept was great. The execution was lacking. The grits were missing the love that is essential to comfort food/southern cooking. In fact I wouldn't call it grits, it was polenta. The shrimp were boring. Again, the seasoning was lacking. I honestly think it was dashed with nothing but old bay. The tomato confit was a nice compliment to the grits and done very well except there was so little of it on the plate. And I cannot understand why the chef diced up about a half dozen carrots and threw it on my plate? It had no business there. My Fiance had the R Gang Burger and was happy with it and the garlic fries. I didn't taste it so I can't go into detail about that. Chapter 4) Desert - OMG! The Strawberry rhubarb cobbler! It was the epitome of comfort food. It reminded me of childhood. The combination of sweet, salty, tart and buttery is like a dance on my tongue. It was truly a lovely way to end the meal. Epilogue) Overall, I like R Gang Eatery. The service was outstanding. Our server was very attentive and familiar with the menu items. The feel of the restaurant is nice and comfortable. I like that they have created different areas to make it intimate. It is casual, but nice enough for a date night. I realize that I went during the first week of opening and am in no way coming to a conclusion from my first experience. I will be back again to see how R Gang evolves.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/10/2009,8/4/2010,587,1463,13,15,15>Too many dudes here and the beer selection isnt very good but Im here every week. Why you ask ? Half off pitchers. Thats why.This is crazy. I havent reviewed this place yet and Ive been a customer since my college days. Its another one of those places that I just assumed that I've reviewed already. Oh well, here goes.First and foremost, Im a North Park guy. I'm all about it. The bars, the restaurants and most importantly the chill people. Ive even been accused of being a North Park snob, but whatever. Sue me for liking my neighborhood. With that said, if Im not hanging out in North Park, then most likely you'll find me somewhere in OB, my second favorite neighborhood. OB rocks.Wednesdays nights and sometimes Sunday nights are my usual nights at Sunshine. Specifically from 5-6 pm. Yep thats all you get, ONE hour of half off pitchers on all drafts. Where else can you get a pitcher of Guinness for $10 ? Damn straight y'all ! Seriously now, find me a bar that does that.Tons of locals.They all come at the same time for the same thing that my friends and I are here for. If you're looking for a bar that has babes everywhere, well this isnt it. Of course there are some hot women here but its a pretty fubar ratio. Once HH is over then we'll usually hit up another bar .
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,8/3/2010,235,1028,12,13,13>a sammie with a view .... absolutely priceless!pretty neat IMHO. just make a quick stop over to the cliffside, as you get a great view of torrey pines bluffs... located at the glider port, you get to see all these folks paragliding -- something im definitely going to do, definitely on my bucketlist to be..... daily specials, and lots of other goodies... i had the greek chicken sammie for $7.95 and i was happy... not to mention, the view:)definitely an eye filling bite! mmm~
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,8/2/2010,74,74,46,49,49>PUPUSAS!TAMALES WRAPPED IN BANANA LEAVES!BALEADAS!FRIED PLANTAINS!I love the location.  Truly ethnic neighborhood, with just about everyone speaking in FAST  Spanish. I can understand how some will have a communication issue.They have colorful menus with pictures of the food,so if you prefer to point and choose, you can safely do so.The interior of the restaurant is nicely  decorated and clean.  The tables are spaced comfortably so you do not seem like you're eating with the other people. The sampler plate comes with tamales and pupusas,and it's ample.The kitchen is open,so you can see your food being prepared..I loved how fresh the condiments for the pupusas were.We have meat or vegetables choices for the fillings.  Me? I am a porky.  Same with the tamales.  A bit softer in texture than the typical Mexican tamale.The horchatas were not as sweet as the Mexican horchatas I have had.  PU PUSAS and HOR CHATAS.   Sounds sexy.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,8/1/2010,765,361,13,15,14>I am glad to have happened upon this gem, because it was incredible!! Most definitely authentic Cajun food and most definitely delicious!The live entertainment was a delight. I'm not sure if it would be considered Creole, Zydeco or Blues, but it definitely added to the ambiance.The fried green tomatoes were the first I've had and they surpassed my expectations. They were not too "fried" tasting, had just the right amount of breading and the dipping sauce was the perfect compliment.We ordered the dinner for two, which caused our night to inadvertently turn into a true "date" which was nice for my bf considering I am not the least bit of a romantic. Our meal came with watermelon wine which was good considering we both hate wine. The Bayou cakes were incredibly tasty and had huge chunks of delicious shellfish. I got the Orleans Chicken which is seriously some of the best chicken I've ever had. The Jumbalaya was also  very good, and from what I've had comes second only to my mother's.  We've never had Beignets before, and these were pretty good. I'm not too big a fan of doughnuts, (which I guess in layman's terms would be how the Beignets would compare to everyday food), but these were delightful.All in all, this was a great experience and I'd recommend this place to all...
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2010,7/31/2010,414,404,13,17,14>Dear Groupon.  I hate you but I love you.  Step 1: Buy GrouponStep 2: Go to Poway Sushi Lounge to use grouponStep 3: Order just the right amount or more than your groupon coversStep 4: Enjoy!I came to Poway Sushi Lounge because they were featured on a groupon (if you couldn't tell) and we were not disappointed!   Why? Mainly because we went in with low expectations.  We looked at the rolls online and decided on a few of their specialty rolls but with a catch.  We wanted to know exactly what was in it.  After being told it was just mediocre things, we decided on the Del Mar (3.5 stars) which is lobster/veggies inside and beef tataki outside.  To Accompany this roll, we got the spicy scallop (cherie t's standard), a Rainbow Roll (My standard), tarantula roll (soft shell crab), and an order of the miso Cod.  I'm sorry but the rolls were all pretty gross.  One telltale sign for me of a m'eh sushi place is if they put asparagus in all their rolls and this place did just that.  The asparagus, cucumber, and sprouts overpowered everything else in flavor and texture.  Even after we picked out these veggies, it was still just okay.  I'd really give all the rolls together a 2 star rating.  So what saved them?  The Miso Cod.  When it was brought out, the Miso Cod looked like a typical piece of grilled fish from the fish market with gravy poured on top (the miso sauce).  We were pleasantly surprised to realize that the fish was cooked perfectly with a light flakey texture and the sauce complimented it very nicely.  The only minus is that the sauce was a little too salty for us.  Still though, an excellent dish if you like black cod.  So with 2 star rolls and a 4 star fish.  I would want to give it 3.5 stars.  But the service and wait made this place seem less appealing.  Solid 4 star rating throughout. Would I go back? yeah, probably.  I used Cherie T's camera to take the pics.  She can show you everything.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2009,7/30/2010,262,85,21,27,24>After a recent infuriating and anxiety attack-inducing encounter with my local post office, I decided to contact UCSD Mail Services to process my request to replace a stolen passport. After about two minutes of light groveling, the receptionist was able to get me an appointment first thing the next day. Please note that this was a task the Post Office on Governor claimed would take them TWO WEEKS to accomplish... so for obvious reasons I was immediately impressed. As if that weren't enough, I also received top-notch customer service, and short of providing back massages and/or fresh baked goods, I might even say this is the best customer service you can find in the 92121. The woman who helped me was super patient and answered all my questions, plus she did a great job of quelling the enormous amounts of anxiety I had about having to expedite my order. Trust me, this is DEFINITELY the place to go if you have any passport related issues. Plus they can mail/fed-ex/whatever on-site. Hollah!
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2009,7/29/2010,263,192,24,24,22>My internal dialogue: What should I eat? Bean and cheese burrito? No, you're too fat. Stop eating that crap. But I want it! FAT! FAT! FAT! You've eaten it too many times this week. Ok, I'll try something different. Healthy food? Ugh, but I want a burrito!!!! Ok, fine, I hate my reflection... I guess I'll try to be healthy.Lotus Cafe hasn't been open that long, but it's totally busy and seems to have some regulars (and tons of hippies). The interior is beautifully decorated with lots of seating. The workers were friendly. The menu had tons of delicious-sounding vegetarian entrees, but I opted for the most unhealthy item on the menu: chicken stuffed spud. It's basically a baked potato stuffed with ranchero shredded chicken, sour cream, and guac. Omg, it was deeeeelicious (and ginormous)!!! I heard 3 people order it after me too. It also came with a side salad (tahini dressing!!!) for a total of about $9. Not bad since I have 2 meals from it.I might bump this place up to 5-stars depending on my desire to go back. If I go back again within a week, then you know it's good! Maybe I'll try some of the healthier entrees, but sometimes you just gotta have bad-for-me-food. For me, that is a little too often!
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2008,7/6/2008,166,94,8,10,10>It 's a little cart called  Tejuino la Dona next to Pepe's Pollos al Carbon parking lot.  They sell Tejuino here and Garrafa Ice Cream.   For those who don't know what tejuino is let me explain.  It is a refreshing drink of fermented corn combined with ice and lime juice.  Some places in Mexico served with pulque, an alcohol drink.  They don't sell it with alcohol here obviously.  I have never been a tejuino lover but I stopped here to get something super special:  Nieve de Garrafa. Translation artisanal carafe ice cream.  Nieve de Garrafa is all churned by hand in a open canister with a mixture of ice salt and the main flavor ingredient lemon or mango.  This ice cream is completely handmade and churned like an hour so ice crystals can't form.  It is very soft and unique.   When I was a kid I would save all my money to buy a cup after school in Mexico.  One time I had enough money to buy 3 so I ate them all.  I got so sick.  My pleura (membrane lining of my lungs) got so cold that I was in so much pain and my grandma took me to urgent care.  So don't over indulge like me.   Very addicting!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2007,7/5/2008,159,243,7,7,7>Pizza is like sex.  Even when it's bad, it's still pretty good.I am only giving this place three stars because it's really not that great compared to some of the really amazing slices I've had recently.  However, they are open until 2am (if I remember correctly), and they are the perfect massive concoction of grease you need right after a night out or a ball game.  For less than five bucks, you'll be satisfactorily fatter and fuller than when you walked in, and I think that includes a drink to wash it down.  They have an outdoor patio, which they need because I think it's the only place to eat besides a small bar seating area right inside (bar seating area doesn't mean they actually have a bar, just bar stools and a bar counter).  You know what, I think I'll add another star.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,7/4/2008,30,105,7,8,9>Two visits in two days - I am in love with this new little place.We were a bit hesitant going in because of some of the "lacks flavor" comments, but we were starving and figured what the hell.  Almost ordered the spicy tomato sauce just in case, but then changed my mind and I'm glad I did - penne, rosemary chicken, light Alfredo sauce, pesto sauce, broccoli and garlic is a GREAT combination, and didn't seem to be lacking flavor at all.  And the portion size was totally perfect - enough to be filling, but not so much that I felt like I'd stuffed myself after eating it all.AND the place gets an extra star at least for making their pesto without nuts!  I almost never get to eat pesto since they usually put either walnuts or pine nuts in it (and an ambulance ride in the middle of lunch can ruin your entire day), but Lisa asked these guys about nuts in the pesto and they said they make it without since some people are allergic.  YAY, Viva Pasta!!!  (And for the people who want them, you can get walnuts added to your dish.)Like Jim G said, lots of options for build your own everything (pasta, sandwiches, salads...plus a kids menu with Parmesan pasta that the boy went nuts over).  $6.95 including iced tea (the raspberry is very good and unsweetened, which is a plus as far as I'm concerned), additional drinks to buy if you want something else, side salads and low-fat brownies to add on if you want.  $3.95 for kids dishes, which from our experience looked just about the same size as the grown up stuff.Terrific service, genuinely friendly and helpful.  Clean and bright inside, tables outside too.Now my only problem is breaking out of the penne/chicken/Alfredo/pesto/broccoli/garlic mold and trying something different...
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,7/2/2008,134,160,12,17,12>Best burger in town - Hodad's or Rocky's? Well, after visiting Hodad's for the first time last night; the burger rivalry of San Diego has been settled. At least for me. Before my big reveal, I'd like to share a few words of wisdom for Hodad's: 1st: KISS it, Hodads - That is, Keep It Simple, Sucka (this is a truism known to all teachers. It applies to burger joints, too.) 2nd:Sometimes less is more. And more is, well, just too much.  Okay, maybe both of those tips are really saying the exact same thing. But it's so important, it's worth mentioning twice. I like a good burger with all the fixin's, but I am really annoyed by a burger I cannot fit into my mouth. I had to dismantle my Hodad's burger just to eat it! It turns out I had a whole entire onion, two and half tomatoes, and the equivalent of 3 sliced pickles under that bun! I was able to make a side salad from the items I took OFF my burger! It also seems that Hodad's has pre-made patties. The perfectly round shape and lined edges gave it away, as did the toughness of the meat itself. Does this mean their patties come pre-frozen?! OUCH! That's a big no-no. (Sorry, but it had to be said!) Fries were decent, though, and the chocolate milkshake was AMAZING! Really, that shake was the best part of the whole meal, not to mention the kitschy beach vibe of the dining area. The service staff were also way-cool, and stayed fun 'n friendly under the constant pressure of a super-busy environment. So, my verdict? Is it really hard to tell? I'll come back to Hodad's because it's unique and fun (and I want to try their onion rings!); but for the #1 spot I'm stickin' with Rocky's, who has hand-made patties, leafed iceburg lettuce, one fresh tomato slice and a bit of onion. It's just a simplicity that makes sense.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2008,7/1/2008,422,258,24,16,17>"Get Lucky Tonight!"So declares their take-out menu.My friend, if dining at a Chinese fast food joint is part of your plan to get lucky, then you may want to rethink your plans to impress your date.Lucky Chinese is really the same thing as a Rice King, Pick-Up-Stix, or Panda Express, but in a non-chain venue.  It has the same wallpapering of faded pictures of each of their dishes as all of the other low-quality Chinese shops in town.  As for food quality and price, it's on par with Rice King.In other words, dine here if you must.  But don't expect to get lucky.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/9/2008,6/30/2008,292,68,65,15,21>I like that Vons gave this location a facelift on the inside but they failed to clean up the riff raff on the outside. I forget which day it decided to rain last week but that was the day that I decided to buy groceries. Everything seemed to be going well until I walked outside to leave. Now ordinarily when someone is standing outside with a clipboard, they are trying to get you to sign a petition or register to vote. I usually tell them that I am a Canadian citizen or a convicted felon, both of which get me out of talking to them. On this particular occasion neither excuse worked on the broad standing there with the clipboard. Hippie Chick: Do you have a second? Ryan: Is this a petition, cause if it is I am Canadian. Hippie Chick: I just need a few minutes of your time to talk to you about Polar Bears?Ryan: Huh?Hippie Chick: Yes, Polar Bears. Do you know what is happening to them?Ryan: Yeah, they are mating with grizzly bears, creating highly ferocious and adaptable Pizzly Bears.Hippie Chick: (Pause) No, that's not what I wanted to talk about.Ryan: Well, it's true. Don't you watch the discovery channel? Hippie Chick: Apparently not enough. I want to talk to you about the effects of global warming. Ryan: I though you wanted to talk to me about Polar Bears?Hippie Chick: Well yes the effects of global warming on polar bears. Ryan: I know the ice caps are melting and they are drowning, that is why they are mating with grizzly bears and making Pizzly Bears, it's not rocket science. Hippie Chick: Um, I dunno what to say to that. Ryan: If you are going to ask me for money, I would suggest you get your facts straight. What organization did you say you were with?Hippie Chick: Green Peace.Ryan: Oh fuck that noise, you leave those Pizzly Bears alone, they'll fuck you up. This ended our exchange as I had managed to confuse the hell out of the poor girl. Honestly, I had no intention of giving her money and the fact that she stopped me in the rain was a bit irritating. I will still go to this Vons though; I just have to remember not to talk to strangers.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,6/29/2008,143,114,24,23,23>I normally hate the new tapas/small plates trend.  I love trying lots of different things, but I always feel like I get duped into spending too much on what are essentially dressed up snacks.  So we almost passed this place up after perusing the menu on the street except that it looked so inviting inside, we thought we'd at least stop in for a drink before we headed to dinner.  We took a seat at the bar and we got the pleasure of being entertained by Bobby, the cutest O/CD* bartender ever.  We sat down, Bobby gave us a big smile, he pointed to what he called the "crazy drinks" on the menu, threw a lei on me and said, "You've just been lei-ed!"  Heh heh.  Cheesy, I know, but it worked on me.  :-/I'm a classic gin martini purist, but Bobby talked me into trying the sake-tini and I have to say that it was pretty incredible - the sake just rounds out the gin in a way I didn't expect.  And my husband's Hawaiian Mojito was great too.  The drinks we had were so good (strong, and obviously made with love) and the price was right ($8/cocktail). We were having a great time and then Ray, the server/masseuse came over and asked if we wanted a quick massage!!  My tipsy self couldn't believe it, but there we were receiving a massage at the bar!  And a pretty damn good one too.  Where was I?  Thailand??  We were having such a great time, we ended up staying and try a couple menu items since they seemed so reasonably priced.  We ordered the crab mac and cheese ($9), and a side of sweet potato fries ($5).  It turned out to be plenty of food for the two of us.  I couldn't believe the value.  Both were tasty.  Bobby was a sweetheart and surprised me with a complimentary drink after I gushed about how great his mojito was, on top of two cups of coffee (because they didn't have decaf), and even our dessert (because it took so long).  Overall, Bobby just made our night.  The level of service we received was just over the top and we walked out of Lei Lounge, relaxed, entertained, full, and tipsy.  What a great night!  *Evidence that Bobby has O/CD:1. At one point in the night, the straws in my husband's drink were pointing away from him and Bobby passed by and discretely turned the glass so that the straws were pointing towards my husband again. 2. Halfway through my sake-tini, Bobby threw my drink back in the shaker to chill it again.  3. I heard him admit it to the customer sitting in the barstool next to me.  :)
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2008,6/28/2008,146,127,9,10,10>Ohayo Gozaimasu People san!I love Mitsuwa. It's grrreat.Ummm let's see, they have oodles of noodles, a plethora o Pocky, cornucopias of Calpico, an assortment of coffee drinks to keep you hopped up to your eyeballs, and a huge assortment of Japanese culinary products of which I have no clue to since I don't read Japanese. There's also a lovely ceramics shop ( beautiful sake sets and green tea pots), a bazaar o random schtuff tucked in the back corner, a cafeteria that serves yummy food, Mochi!!, fresh fish counter (excellent place to get sushi grade fish), and a fantastic bookstore. The bookstore I particularly like. There's plenty of manga for you comic junkies, and for you fashionistas (i.e. me) it's a great reference for all things uniquely fashionable. They have a huge assortment of magazines that vary from high class foo-foo (Vogue, Elle, etc..) to wildly eccentric (Gothic Lolita, Harajuku, Fruits, etc...).And, and, and...who can forget about the alcohol section. Bottles and bottles of beer, sake, and soju to choose from. Can't say much about the set up- ambience is definitely not its strongsuit, but hell, it's a grocery store so whatever. But for all practicality, it has everything I need.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2008,6/27/2008,331,110,12,9,10>BELVEDERE RESIDES HERE!The bartender is friendly enough, enjoyed the lamb chops he had rocking on his face.  I think he may have ADD which is cool just took a while to order.  He did most importantly got our drinks right away.  The lasagne was good pizza wasn't fully cooked, so I am currently eating the meatballs off of it at home.We got to watch the Padres game, Stone IPA, Stella, Belvedere... good enough.  Too bad the shots were $8.On the fence on how to holla this place.Belvedere 1 star, good beer 1 star, padres 1 star.I would recommend going over to Forever Fondue and getting $4 icy cold shots of Belvedere.  meh holla.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,6/25/2008,78,44,9,16,14>Crashed the Yelp, Microbrew tasting event, and had a splendid time.The vibe here is great. A helpful, efficient, yet still laid back staff help make it that way. The tempting selection of serious beers is a main draw here. Each is served in its own unique glass, who's properly matched shape helps accentuate the enjoyment of the quality quaff. My weighty, yeasty ale was served in a tulip shaped stem with a nice thin rim.The sweet potato fries did live up to their hype and they kept their crisp for an amazingly long time. The thin, acidic, dip they were served with would have been better suited to tossing with some Spring Mix baby greens as a salad, though.To truly love their burgers, you'd have to love the rolls they use. Because you get a lot of bread with each bite. I found these rolls a bit anemic. This is a problem that could have been remedied with a bit of toasting, or better yet, make the open slices into garlic bread and then stuff a patty into them.As far as the patties go, they were quite nice. You can peek into the kitchen and see them grinding their own meat here. This lets you order your burger a worry-free medium rare. Avoiding overcooking, is all it takes to make sure your burger is nice and juicy.On the point of less cooking, the Tatar on Crostinis were the best thing I had here. Although I do like my own version even better. Finally, there is no corkage fee here. If you like your burger or tartar with a hearty red wine like I do, this is a huge bonus.
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2007,10/22/2007,0,0,4,5,4>Interesting exhibit. Kids running through can get a little old. The blood flow exhibits were quite interesting. I really only had one real problem with the layout. In the very beginning they have a display of the bones of the ear. They are extremely small. The background they used made it impossible to see the bones. Like the tour of Alcatraz.. get the audio tour. If you don't you miss a lot. They also could reduce the crowding around the cases if they put the numbers (for the audio) in a more visible location.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2007,10/21/2007,13792,257,,35,34>Coastal Sage is a cultural center to learn about how to take care of the earth.  They can help you with garden design and the maintenance of your garden as well.  The Coastal Sage shop sells organic garden supplies and a variety of tools, crafts, gifts and art.  They also offer botanical and international culture classes. Stop in and look around their shop.  They think of planet Earth as one big garden.  So should we all.  We should think and act as caretakers together.  By sharing our energies, cultures, and languages we will grow.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,10/20/2007,126,386,8,7,6>Yeah, UCSD has a funny-looking campus but it lends itself real well to public art.  My favorites in the Stuart Collection include "Trees" (who doesn't like trees?) and "Vices and Virtues" (you have to visit campus in the evening).  But you also want to be sure to see "Snake Path", which is next to Geisel Library (the spaceship).  It's lovely and has that Paradise Lost connection, but I think I adore it because it reminds me of the Serpent Mound, which is a pre-Columbian relic in rural Ohio:en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Se…It also is worth mentioning that UCSD has a little art gallery that hosts traveling exhibits, and they get some TREMENDOUS stuff through there sometimes. Dale Chihuly and Edward Burtynsky are among those I've seen here:universityartgallery.ucs…Oh, yeah, and it's *all free*.  Unless you break one of Chihuly's sculptures.  Then you go to jail.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2007,10/19/2007,162,43,5,7,7>After just returning from NYC I have to say, Bronx surpassed all the pizza I had while I was there on vacation.  The guys working there put on a typical NY attitude and pretend to be hard, but they are all pretty nice guys.  However, be warned, if you are going to stand in front of the counter twiddling your thumbs asking a bunch of questions like "How many pepperonis come on the average slice"  or "What region of the country did those mushrooms come from?" while a huge line is forming behind you, expect to get scowled at.  I'm a simpleton when it comes to pizza, I usually just get the pepperoni mushroom and pepperoni sausage + soda which is $6, that is their two slice + soda special. The place is much larger than it looks too, it has three separate parts of the restaurant and you can always find a seat.  Plus, they always have all the necessary condiments, Parmesan, crushed red peppers, garlic salt, etc.  Definitely a place I crave on a weekly basis.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2007,10/18/2007,292,68,25,8,14>Everyone has a friend that brings out the worst in them. Even though your behavior with this friend is nothing short of reprehensible, you can't seem to say no to them. Back in younger and more careless days, I had many of these friends. Fortunately, I have grown up a little since then and am now one of those friends to others. A friend of mine who will remain nameless, Cameron Bogue, thought it a prudent idea to go to Cherry Bomb one night after we had closed down our bar. Being older and wiser than myself, I of course agreed that it was a tremendous idea. Had I been clairvoyant and seen that I would wake up underneath the sink in a shady downtown motel six, I may have reconsidered. When we arrived, I imagined the Reverend Horton Heat would hang out there. There was a dingy rockabilly feel and I kind of liked it. The bartender was a cool young guy and would be responsible for my smelling like alcohol for the next three days. You see folks; the drinks at cherry bomb are large, cheap, and almost 100% booze. We ordered shots of Jaeger and I shit you not they were 4oz each. After round one, I was pretty aware that I would be a walking piece of trash the next day. Good thing I made plans to have dinner with my ex-fiance. Note the ex...After going 16 rounds with the sauce, convincing a tattooed girl that I was a professional pool player, and nearly getting my teeth knocked out by her monster boyfriend, we decided to leave and get a hotel room. I don't know why that seemed like a good idea. I could have just gone home but the need to keep partying lead us in that direction. Before we left, we each bought a six-pack of Budweiser for the road. Not shitting you, you can buy beer to go at this place. That is probably the coolest thing short of a taco shop in a bar that I have ever seen. *Don't take a date here unless you want her to go home with a guy that is bigger, tougher, and has more tattoos than you.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2007,10/16/2007,171,62,17,15,16>Have you suffered at the hands of karaoke?  Been mocked by strangers?  Intimidated away by the large, looming stage?  Forced to bribe or flirt with the karaoke dude just for a chance to sing?  Well, my friend.  Have I got the place for you...Chorus is a haven for the shy and the tone deaf.  It is unlike any karaoke situation I've ever experienced.  Their formula is simple:  a room, some booze, a mic, and your buddies.  That's it.  I have seen many adamant karaoke virgins change their tune once Chorus, and its soju, had worked its magic on them.So, grab a group of your best friends and head on down to Chorus.  A good time is guaranteed!(Minus a star for how HOT it is in there.  Also, for not having my signature song, "Son of a Preacher Man." C'mon, now.)
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,10/15/2007,74,87,6,9,7>I have had many dates buy me dinner here. I have sent many people to eat here. And up until now, I've never had any complaints. Saturday night I stopped by Rama as I was walking my dog to get a reservation for later that evening.Me: I need to make a reservation for this evening Hostess Bitch: [Looking me up and down in my track suit] Impossible.Me: [Really wanting to wipe the smug look off her face] Excuse me?Hostess bitch: There are no reservations available until after 10. Me: OK, what about at the bar?Hostess bitch: You  can order appetizers at the front bar or order from the full menu at the back bar.Me: Sooooo, by impossible you mean totally possible?? I'll be back later. As I waited in the front bar for the rest of my party to find parking, I surveyed the situation. This place was so much better when they first opened, before they came up with possibly the worst business plan ever, where they turned the front room which was a less formal seating area into "30-Two Bar and Lounge". According to the website this is a members only club where they have access to the Concierge to assist with special event planning, town car service, concert tickets, sporting events, and dining reservations, in addition to many local services and amenities specific to San Diego. You can have the privilege of access to this exclusive members-only lounge for a mere $1500 for singles, or just $200 per month if paid month by month.Maybe in New York or Miami this concept would work, but San Diego?So now the front area of Rama is lounge with a bar and a dj. Ooooh special.The other special perk of 30-Two is that there is always this big goon looking bouncer hanging out at the front patio. A bouncer? Really? What for? There's no one in the lounge. Never really is except for people waiting for their table.I watched as the hostess bitch turned away several couples looking for a place to eat. Then I observed as the hostess bitch tried to go outside with a jacket, but another host dude stopped her. He told her she couldn't wear it because it was a brown jacket and she was wearing black. For a split second I felt sorry for her. One thing is clear: Appearances are very very important to this restaurant/members only lounge.  Well, I guess that's their right, even though it seems to be completely unwarranted to me.   People will still come here for the food and atmosphere. I really do love when the water feature/fountain (or whatever you call it) that covers the entire back wall is trickling.The hanging net curtains are also a nice touch so you feel like you have a little privacy from the table next to you. The food is really good and reasonably priced. I had the choo chee curry with shrimp. I ate as much I could before I felt like I was gonna burst and still had a lot leftover for lunch today.The place was only moderately full at 8pm. And was emptying out by 11. Hmmm, good thing you kept turning people away saying the wait was an hour and half long.....I would bet money that if they returned their front lounge back to a seating area and ditched the 30-Two concept that they would turn a much larger profit. But then, what do I know about running a vip concierge business out of a thai restaurant?Rama would get bumped up to 5 stars by me if they stopped putting on airs and got rid of the bouncer.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2006,10/14/2007,5000,1643,5,10,11>"I waited to eat till you arrived" my sister smirked as I pulled up to the hotel in a taxi. And so we did it right. We caught Afghanistan Khyber Pass before they were about to close. The space is beautiful. Big poignant works hung against the backdrop of teracotta colored walls and lit by chic sophisticated lighting; that subtly affirms that the food isn't going to be cheap; but you hope it'll be worth it.And the dishes are. For the portions and quality of food, they are actually very reasonable.I ordered the veggie combo dish. It was a mixture of a sweet potato recipe, herbed rice, a spinach dish and some other beautifully made vegetarian options.   I took the food warrior stance. Eyes wide, and mouth postioned strategically right above my plate, for smooth scoop and chew action, only pausing for momentary breaths of air and water breaks. I can't even remember everything that sat upon my big plate for literally five seconds,but my stomach is gurgling  in delight, as I write this review: remembering their unique tastes.Service was a little spotty, since they were rushing around cleaning up the place for the night;  but the owner (I assume) was very friendly and apologized for the slightly rushed meal. We left with glazed happy expressions on our exhausted faces and were both really pleased with our first experience with Afghan cuisine.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2007,10/11/2007,249,153,9,15,12>I don't like thick crust.  I detest deep dish.  Until I visited Lefty's I thought I hated Chicago style pizza.  But Lefty's does it right.  My friend and I rode our bikes over at around 3:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  This is the perfect time to hit up this tiny pizza treasure.  With only a couple other people on the patio, we were able to relax with our draught Newcastle (out of plastic cups--charming!) while we waited for our veggie pie to bake.  It takes 35 minutes, but oh my gosh it's worth the wait!  The cheese!  The sauce!  The crust!  All too delicious for words.  The staff: sweet as pie, with a bit of an edge.  All in all it's great pizza and a great experience.Minus one star because when I went back for just a slice it wasn't that great, and they gave us a hard time for having a second beer after our pizza.  Boo to that.  And for the need to go during off-hours to avoid the crush of hungry humanity.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2007,10/10/2007,50,135,4,12,8>One of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had.Barrio Logan feels like home to me, I work on Logan Ave. and I know all the little fruit stands and taco shops. One reason I love it so much Is because it is so real... there is no McDonald's or Starbucks down here, every little mom and pop is just trying to get by. However, most of the property in Barrio has been bought up and in the next 5-10 years it is sure to become an extension of east-village with all kinds of dinning and sky rises so when I heard about the Guild, "this new hot spot" I was a little saddened, I had a "There goes the neighborhood" attitude. But I had to try it.Coffee:The Guild serves only coffee from 7am to about ten, so I decided to walk down there from my work about two blocks away and have some espresso. So I sit down at the bar and order a traditional triple-shot machiatto (like usual). The man behind the bar introduced himself as he foamed the milk and began to tell me all about my drink and the science that comes with preparing it... more than i had thought ..."ok, ok just give my drink" Now this is hard because I can't even begin to explain how amazing the espresso is... no really I can't. I've never had espresso like this ever, any where, so I can't explain it but I know it was perfect. So good that I came back the next morning, Daniel the "master craftsman" of coffee drinks was there again and he was glad to see that I had brought some friends, I had the same drink, it was just as great, my friends came back with the same impression I had.Diner:So I had been to the guild twice and never eaten anything there, I didn't even come the third time to eat... but I did.My boss wanted to get a beer after work and long-story-short I ended up going with him, I was surprised that he wanted to go the Guild and I was glad to walk down there and hang out with him. So we get there and suddenly we know everyone, my boss knows these three girls that are hanging out there and the coffee mastermind Daniel is off the clock having a drink. He offered me a seat, I told him I haven't gotten a chance to eat here yet and he asked me what I wanted to try. I pointed out a few items that looked interesting; some fingers were snapped and next thing I know there are plates of food in front of meKobe Beef Sliders: the best little burger ever to exist: from the bottom up; toastette, tomato, avocado,  Kobe beef, lettuce, goat cheese, toastette. Comes with little fries and some bomb-ass sauces"The Carrots" : apparently they aren't on the menu but if you order "carrots" with a wink they will bring them right out. Long delicate carrots   sauteed in something spicy and then caramelized? Seared Albacore: not gonna lie, the bomb; very flavorful with some spicy sesame sauces.Sashimi: WOW, the albacore melts in your mouth. this item was almost a desert, you would have never known you were eating fish. Wusabi foam is part of this dish, think really spicy whipped cream. This was by far my favorite dish.Chevre Brule: Another WOW. From the bottom up; toastette, artichoke heart, goat cheese, and crispy caramelized "something" on top.So by that time my boss was drunk, I had gotten a raise, I was full, I made some new friends and had a great time. Daniel is the man hookin me up with the VIP treatment.So the moral of the story is The Guild is keepin it real, If this place was in the Gaslamp it wouldn't be the same, chef Mellisa Mayer is throwin it down, and for gods sake go have some coffee in the morning and tip my man Daniel right.Respect.
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,2/23/2011,281,408,8,11,8>Three. Three. Three dollar Thursdayssss.Yes. $3 on a Thursday will get you filled, and perhaps even a little tipsy. For just $3 all day on Thursday you can get beer or house wine. Plus cheesey garlic bread, some fried goodness that probably caused my weight gain, and a few other items. We left feeling happy for a mere $18. That's for two people, with alcoholic beverages. Way better than the 2 for 20 at other chains.Their regular day food is pretty darn good too, although they give you so much of it you'll be eating for a couple of days. All meals come with salad or soup and garlic bread. So you're not getting jipped even though it's like $16 for a bowl of pasta (no meat). Loved it. But will probably spend more time there on Thursdays rather than full price days.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,2/22/2011,242,154,24,13,11>Every once in a while (re: once a year), the male and I decide to forgo the usual three bottles of Charles Shaw and a DiGiornio dinner, get dressed all fancy like, and have dinner at a real restaurant, just the two of us, like a civilized, grown up couple might do. Sounds terrible, I know.A recent Sunday was just that night. After a serious internal debate about how fucking good a DiGiornio could be right now, I brushed my hair (LOOK WHO'S FANCY NOW) and put on high heels (WHAAA?) and met with the male.We began at Turf Club, inspired by a Restaurant.com certificate, and at sip number one of my schmancy-pants drink and the first bite of perfectly cooked filet mignon, I turned from a classy-broad into a vicious jackal in a dress.Exhibit A: media1.px.yelpcdn.com/bp…Strong ass drinks, delicious red meat, and a dude on the piano.I mean come on, can you really blame me?(minus one star 'cause shit-- can a girl get a carbohydrate up in hurr?)
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,2/21/2011,132,153,12,12,10>All abroad for a sunset cruise around the Harbor!!!! A few weekends ago, we went on a sunset dinner cruise on Lord Hornblower and had an amazing time. Once on board, we were escorted to our table and given a glass of champagne. Once everyone arrived and they prepared to set sail, DJ McHammer and the captain gave us brief safety instructions on where the life jackets were if necessary.  After that DJ McHammer started the evening's entertainment.  The tunes were mellow and romantic for most of the evening until after dinner.  That is when the fun really began.  DJ McHammer started playing his greatest wedding hits.  Welcome to an evening of electric slide, chicken dance, and much much more. It was cheesy, but kind of fun. My favorite part of the cruise was their top deck.  It was the perfect place to take a romantic stroll. During the sailing out, we grabbed our cocktails and watched the sunset.  The cuisine on the Hornblower was better than I expected.  It was actually very tasty even thou the vegetables could use a bit more of seasoning.  We ordered the special, which was a duet of roasted chicken and 4 oz steak with side of yukon potatoes and steamed vegetables.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  It was not dry not rubbery like most catered cuisine.  The chicken had the appearance it was cooked hours before.  But it tasted fresh and moist.If you're looking for a totally entertaining San Diego experience at one great value, look no farther than the Hornblower. It offers an amazing romantic atmosphere, delicious cuisine prepared fresh onboard, interactive DJs for dancing, and breathtaking views.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,2/20/2011,179,78,13,11,15>Making your way in the world today takes the cleanest clothes you've got.Having someone else to do it, sure would help a lot.Wouldn't you like to know a place?Sometimes you want to goWhere everybody knows your name,And they're always glad you came.You wanna be where clothes get clean,Our stains aren't all the same,You wanna be where everybody knows your name.You wanna go where people know,Fabrics aren't all the same,You wanna go where everybody knows your name.*****Seriously, this place is the Cheers of dry cleaners.  They always greet people with a smile, call them by name and go above and beyond to make sure everything is taken care of to the customer's satisfaction.  I wouldn't take my clothes anywhere else.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,2/19/2011,413,327,6,3,8>So I have this dream about the future: I am around 70 years old and in my life I've traveled the world, carelessly lazing on the backs of elephants, narrowly avoiding ice bergs, barely escaping from ruins, and this whole time spent collecting stories to share with similar chaps who've the good fortune having the second coolest jobs on earth: seafaring landlubbing, elephant-gun carrying archaeologists. Basically a bunch of badasses. The first coolest job is pirates, but ever since Somalia started doing it, it's no longer an ideal profession.We have to sit in the right place to tell each other our stories. Once I've rounded up this rowdy crew of able adventurers,  I envision us sitting in a parlor room with tall, dark ceilings with dim banker's lights casting shadows around the bookcases. The chairs are overstuffed leather, with creases worn with age and a patina embossed by those who told their stories before us.Where is such a place? Well, I don't know, but you could probably slap one together with furniture from Restoration Hardware. Or, you could jaunt over to Tipsy Crow, walk up the grand staircase upholstered in deep crimson velvet and have a seat away from the pervasive Jersey Shore element that hangs out on the first floor. Find a seat in the nook, or grab a billiard table and start getting ready for when you're older and all you can do is drink Gin & Tonics and reminisce about the old days before Jersey Shore and Somali Pirates both ruining everything.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,2/18/2011,182,104,19,23,18>2 jameson and cokes3 yellow tale pale ales6 stella artois1 pinot grigio2 chardonays3 jager bombs2 shots of jameson1 gin and tonic_________________  20 drinks = $68.00 = effing amazing at a downtown bar
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,2/17/2011,597,654,13,16,13>Move over Fuddruckers, you ain't got no big HD widescreen TV's like this joint. And Red Robin, your high prices don't justify the lower quality of food and smaller portions. "Bangin' Burgers is the Business!"That's the phrase we kept repeating as we ate stuff from the Happy Hour Menu. Sweet potato fries, kick-ass tater tots, gourmet quality chicken wings (garlic parmesan and teryaki flavors) and those burgers.....ooh, ahh....hold me!We arrived here with our large group of Pop Warner football players and families. We enjoyed watching large HD widescreens playing NCAA football. Beer comes in large pitchers and cold glasses, sodas are bottomless. Servers are helpful, friendly and eager to please. Prices are moderate, that means we'll be back more often. :)Parking is ample and you'll need to keep your head on a swivel as you exit off Miramar Road, this place can be easy to miss. When you're tired of the burger chains give this hidden gem a try. Highly recommended!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,2/16/2011,313,211,16,19,18>I'm happy to get Harney for my 100th review! Great fusion rolls, excellent sake selections and fast, fun service. I hate to see others who didn't get all this and had to one or two star them...you missed a really good time. Been here a couple of times and most recently to take my gang out for their Christmas lunch. The crew made our annual staff lunch a hit. 6 of us were seated, sushi-ed and sloshed and had a great time doing it. Can't wait to go back! WHEN YOU GO- Bomb. James Bomb. The JB roll and the Rolls Royce have been my favs. The Hakushika sake was a great compliment to a Sapporo. Don't skip the Pirate Roll and of course get a couple of Capt Mitch rolls (cause I order you to!). Thanks to Heather W and the Monkey Brains tip. I want them. I want them real bad!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,2/15/2011,673,460,39,20,24>Came in for coffee.. and well, I guess I had to get a donut too. Mom and Pop shop with nice Asian lady working the counter. She's pleasant and insists "yummy! all donuts are good here!" -- and then came the Asian Mom lecture."What are you?""I'm Filipino.""ohhh.. nice.. You speak?""Umm. well. sorta. umm.. ""So. no?""Umm.. well I know the basics..." -- (ie: swear words, how to ask for a discount when bargaining, and the bathroom)"Hmph! You are like my kids. Don't know how to speak. You need to learn.""Well. My parents didn't teach me.""Ayy! That's what my kids say too!""Did you teach them?""Well no. I didn't want them to get confused growing up.""So, it's your fault then.""Hmm. Maybe then. Cake donut is good."And it really was. Would come back, because this place is charming and sweet. And the donut and coffee was good.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,2/12/2011,646,294,12,9,10>Person one: "My band's playing at eleven." Person two: "Oh, that's kind of late... where are they playing?"Person one: "Eleven."Person two: "No, WHERE are they playing?"Person one: "The bar is called 'Eleven' and my band plays at 9."Person two: "Ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh"It's strange to me how ownership changes everything for a bar.  I mean, it's still the same location that nobody used to ever want to drive out to, but for some reason last night this place was packed like sardines.  Well, the reason was because a very well-known San Diego band played a free show to congratulate their friends' success.The bathrooms are the same.There's a lounge bar in the middle of the room now, which I liked and is probably the spot my friends and I were supposed to transplant to after ordering our drinks.  Also, some red drapery on the walls made the room feel kind of swanky.A pool table was pushed to the side for the crowd and I'd like to shark on it some time.Owner, good for you for opening up another place and trying to conquer the city.  Your other bars are always hoppin', so it's good for that crowd they have another place to hang out.  Speaking of the crowd... I was super shocked to see so many True North types here.  I did not feel at home.  Any bar where I get looked down on by too cool for you chicas and dudettes can S my D.The etiquette of the patrons was certainly interesting, and a lot of people seemed displeased with my friends and I when we ordered our drinks and then stayed put at the bar, enjoying said drinks.  Guess this isn't a place to relax anymore.  Or maybe it was just the crowd for the band (which I love, and will remain nameless, but I've got a review of them) who made it seem less homey.  I'll check back in on an off-day, Eleven.The door guy is super friendly and apparently he gets this all the time, "You look like that guy from The Hangover."  Ultimately I miss seeing Sicky.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,4/20/2013,163,642,2,5,5>Yum. Yum. Yum.I had the puff pastry mushroom quiche for breakfast, and it was a real treat.  It was kind of like a quiche mixed with a popover.  Also sampled a mini vanilla cupcake, carrot cake, and berry pie.  All were excellent.The service is super friendly, everything is made fresh.  Prices are very reasonable for how great it is.Too bad it is in PB, or I'd be here on the reg.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,4/19/2013,117,104,15,9,10>Good morning class.  Welcome to the School of RaAwWK!  RAWR!This is Karaoke 101 - How to Properly Karaoke in the 21st century.I'll be your professor for this review.  My name is Sir Sing-A-Lot  and I have a Masters in making love to the microphone.Yes ladies, that's right.  And when I like to get down, I go down to my favorite Karaoke spot in Kearny Komet Kountry -- Karaoke 101.BUT, BUT, BUT! What about Convoy's Karaoke staples? Chorus? MSC?NO SIR, THAT WAS SOOOOO 2000 & LATE.Want to dress in all white and sing/act/&dance to Usher's latest chart-topping Scream music video? Well Karaoke 101's got aaaallllll that! & more!So stop guessing if that's your auntie in the background in that obscure 1980's used & abused b-roll video.  Karaoke 101 has the most up-to-date video playlist that will remind you of those bars in PB where the DJ is mixing both music on the speakers & the videos on the flat screens.You feel like a DJ too as you take command of Karaoke 101's unique music control interface.  Don't understand what the heck these buttons do on that clunky remote at other karaoke joints?  Don't worry your pretty little head.The one-of-kind music selection user interface was designed by the proprietors of this establishment to make music selection fun & easy.  You can effortlessly set up a queue just like that!  And if you're having any difficulty, there's a handy help button that calls up the very attentive (&attractive) room attendant to help you with any of your karaoke needs.More than that, Karaoke 101 is not just a class in sophistication, it's simply a classy joint.  When you walk in, you cannot help but be impressed at the sleek, modern & almost timeless decor.  It's pristine floors immediately reminded me of Cineopolis and other super-expensive movie theatres that I've only heard about because I'm poor.The awesome thing about Karaoke 101 is that everything is extremely affordable.  I came here for my group of friend's (CGK) annual all-male, all-white xxx-mas gift exchange and was lucky enough to have spent the night in Karaoke 101's VIP room.  It was a HUGE room that was properly ventilated and featured a giant projector screen that spanned the entire wall.  Plush, luxurious leather couches ringed the room, and a big table in the middle was ample space to place our gift exchange presents & food.Yelpers, it doesn't get much better than this. Karaoke 101 is an easy 5 stars with great management that deserves every bit of praise for putting a place like this together.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,4/18/2013,214,348,4,8,6>I didn't think I'd ever go here because I had tunnel vision of the hole in the wall El Zarape in University Heights. But I came here because my friend wanted to try this place and I'm really glad we did. I wasn't expecting this place to look pretty nice- but it was. We went at an odd time on a weekday (2pm) and it was pretty empty, but that's okay because we'll have the service to ourselves lol. I wasn't too hungry so I ordered their Chorizo/Carne Asada quesadilla, which was on their inexpensive part of the menu. I must say.. I was pretty blown away! I know it sounded simple, but it was so good! Sometimes simple things are the hardest! It came with rice and beans.. and the rice was pretty darn amazing. I love rice.. and this rice was gooooood. Also! their chips and salsa was very good! It came with a red salsa and a very lime-ee green. The green was the sht. I definitely will be coming back here.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,4/17/2013,184,181,4,11,5>Healthy and delicious spot with the friendliest service ever. I was excited to try this place because there is not too many above average restaurants or take out places in Clairemont area.  I was getting bored with a few other places I frequent on my way home from work. Sometimes you are just hungry and too tired to drive around to better rated places or to cook at home. But now there is Mister Falafel close by!  The owners are so welcoming and passionate about the food they serve! The menu is rather small, but have most of your Middle Eastern favorites. I ordered Beef Kafta plate. It took about 20 minutes to prepare but it was well worth the wait. It had two ground beef patties served on a bed of fluffy basmati rice. For my two sides I picked tabbouleh and baba ghanoush. Everything was so tasty and fresh! There is a couple of tables inside but it is more of a take out place. Located in a strip mall on the intersection of Genesse and Clairemont Mesa Blvd. You can't see them from the street- they are behind Panda Country restaurant and the gas station. See you soon Mister F.!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/16/2013,242,315,8,11,7>SO. FRIKIN. DELICIOUS!!!!I'm gonna start with my one teeny gripe, because if I start writing about all the great stuff, I'll forget it in my overwhelming joy. The stools? I hate them. I think they must be designed to keep turnover high in the restaurant, which is definitely one way to go about it. Ok, that's it.So like I said : Underbelly is almost overwhelmingly delicious. Like, lean back (but not too far back, you'll fall off your uncomfortable stool) and moan delicious. There's a slight possibility that part of my feelings come from having been ravenously hungry, but I don't think so. You order before you sit down here, and there aren't a huge number of options. Usually when that's the case, it's a good sign : a few dishes done perfectly is all you need. I ordered the Underbelly ramen, and we got a side of octopus kimchi salad.The soup is served in big white bowls with chopsticks. As they'll explain to you, you ain't getting no spoon, meaning you're gonna hafta slurp it. The waiters go out of their way not to touch your bowl edges so you can feel comfortable putting your dirty lips all over it. So the underbelly. I put a little bit of their fire-of-hell hot sauce (made with ghost chiles, which is kinda silly in my opinion - all spice, no flavor) and some of the dry spice mix, stirred it up, and went to town. The noodles were perfectly cooked, not too soft. The pork belly was salty and smokey. They put a soft boiled egg on top, and when you break into it, the yolk flows into the broth and... it's just perfect. It was one of my favorite bowls of soup ever, and I'm a lady who loves her soup. I look forward to slurping loudly at Underbelly many times to come!
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,4/15/2013,395,201,8,11,9>I do trust my GPS but driving to  this place , passing house after house in  a residential area , I thought I would have to  find my own way?But around a corner  appeared a 4 business strip mall with 10 car  parking lot, strange zoning?In between  a liquor store and a pizza place sits this small taco shop. About as big as a two car garage and the inside/outside is  covered in pictures of there menu items. Small counter up front, straddled by bags of tortilla chips and a cooler filled with Mexican bottled soda$2 , containers of salsa and normal soda$1. Got my Cali burrito$4.50, and had to get one , a TJ hotdog $2.50. Nice simple menu with a few interesting item, TJ dog, King sized rolled tacos, tamales and Mexican soups.Four 2 person tables to eat at inside , it was empty inside most people probably get it to go and walk to their house. When I got my food the owner told me the salsa is one of the things they are know for. They have  3 types classic red, green and one I have never heard or had before Jalapeno. The red is very good some heat, slight roasted  taste. The green has  roasted green peepers , touch or sweet, excellent also . The Jalapeno  salsa which I couldn't wait to try ,was at first glance looks like the avocado type salsa that everyone is making these days. Its is creamy and at first mild flavor then a sec later your get the deep taste of roasted jalapenos , and a excellent burn at the end ! my new favorite salsa!Started with the TJ dog ( yelp.com/biz_photos/xwH9…  ),big hotdog of course wrapped in bacon covered in chopped tomatoes, jalapenos , fried onions, mustard . The bacon is wrapped around the hotdog like a psycho stage 5 girlfriend! The crispy  bacon strangling the dog  is taste bud bleeding goodness and the jalapenos , sweet tomatoes , grilled onions and a touch of mustard , complete this circus of flavor. Cali burrito( yelp.com/biz_photos/xwH9… ), once again under market value $4.50  and big or bigger than most shops. The carne is  marinated carne tender, slightly sweet marinade with some red bells , with fries, no gauc or sour cream but believe it or not ,it didn't need it! Great place, only place that I have seen were you can get a TJ dog and great complementary    salsas!  My go to place  when I'm in the area.And with this down economy if your looking for a cheap  T shirt   you can get theirs for $8.........
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,4/14/2013,1515,967,11,11,12>My first wine bar ever! And I must say it was a great experience. I came here with some friends for their happy hour, which is everyday including Saturday.The atmosphere was cozy, there were couches available as well as tables and bar seating. The light was lit dimly for a great calming mood. The waiter was friendly and service was great. I got the White flight wine option for $14. According to my friend, it was very generous portions because the glasses were the regular sizes and the pour was the same as a normal glass, but instead you get 4 for $14! The choices for the white wines were good, I would just take out the Chardonnay because I'm not a fan of dry white wine, but the Riesling and the Sauvignon blanc was delicious! Next time I will try the Red wine flight! The server even came out and made the white wine flight look presentable on our table. It was pretty cool. We also got the meats & cheese platter. It was a very simple platter that consists of salami, turkey, 4-5 cheeses, olives, grapes, apples, almonds, and bread. Very simple but it was quite delicious! I'm a fan of wine bars and would love to come back and just chill here! It was a great buzz too and not a "I don't remembered what happened last night" type of drunk. Why haven't I tried this before?! It's classier than those party bars/I just wanna get f'ed up bars in the worst possible way ever.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,4/13/2013,353,255,18,7,7>OOOOH buddy. Let's go deep. real deep. DEEPER. This place really puts it down.Thick, cheesey amazingness -layer upon layer. What an indulegence. AND SO BIG! dirty.I was seriously in need of a cigarette and a nap after getting down with this pizza pie. It was definitely the best Chicago style pizza i've ever had. (Seeing as though i've never had it in Chicago, this really holds no value, but trust me - it's good - and i'm really more of a New York style person).Give it to me baby.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,4/12/2013,540,650,6,6,3>-Great location-Thoughtful interior designs -Nicely prepared food-Very good service-OverpricedSome menu items are so bizarre (like the wild mushroom fettuccine I had during restaurant week), just a thought of that pasta gives me goose bumps. Not in a good way!Who the hell puts onion rings on your pasta? Well, Indigo Grill does. And they did not even mention it on the menu! I did not want to make a big deal out of it, so I did not send it back to the kitchen and kept eating. Top that with hazelnuts and a whole bunch of other items that do not come good together. No satisfaction! Their crème brulee was the worst I have even had. It was practically tasteless mousse. I did enjoy their ceviche, tri-tip, and squash soup. So, their menu items are hit and miss. It is not one of those restaurants where you can order anything, and it will be delicious.I might come back. But I have to be careful and ask waiters what exactly each dish comes with, as I do not want any unpleasant surprises in my food again.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,4/11/2013,761,1572,2,6,4>Wraps, plates, salads, and a variety of desserts.  Used a groupon which was a killer deal - $19 for two HUGE wraps, two large salads, two drinks of any choice, and two desserts.  We had leftovers for another meal.Lots of tangy, earthy, spicy flavors.  Loved the picked veggies on the salad.  Gyro, Shawarma, Falafel, if you're in the mood for some Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food, this is the place.It's a small place, so I would keep in mind the option of getting it to go.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,4/21/2010,637,268,25,30,28>Trip 1:1. This place has been around for six years.2. There was a "Jesus Is My Buddy" hat hanging above the register. 3. Their breakfast burrito is pretty awesome because, among other things, it has REAL potatoes with the skin.4. The guy told me that their carne asada is made on the spot and their pollo asado is grilled chicken breast. I said my thanks and told him that I would return sooner rather than later.Here's their menu - yelp.com/biz_photos/jLv5…Here's what the interior looks like - yelp.com/biz_photos/jLv5…Trip 2:5. I ordered a carne asada burrito (with beans and cheese only) from a very nice woman behind the counter. 6. While I was eating, she even came outside to ask if it was good. I said that it wasn't because it was great. I think she wanted to pour hot grease on my groin.7. I told her I would return for the pollo asado.Here's the nice lady in action - yelp.com/biz_photos/jLv5…Trip 3:8. The pollo asado burrito (with beans and cheese only ) would have been even better had there been some more seasoning on the chicken. Regardless, it was so damn tender that it caused a sudden flow of blood to the area that my underwear covers.9. Not more than 30 seconds after leaving (and while in front of that gym where everyone who's working out near the windows are watching you to see if you're watching them), I realized that I hadn't given Los Amigos a tip during my three visits. I knew I had a bunch of change on the floorboard of my car amongst the banana peels, stiff/crunchy/old underwear and half-eaten containers of cottage cheese. I fished out a handful of change (not to mention removing all the hairs and chunks of whatever) then headed back to drop off the coins. I walked in and the nice woman failed to appear after 3 or so minutes which lead me to believe that she was probably moving her bowels and/or urinating. I dropped all of the coins in the plastic jar and got the hell out of dodge.      10. So there I was, sitting in my car on University right in front of Los Amigos waiting for the long-ass line of cars to start moving. The nice lady came out of the shop and walked up to my car (in the street!) to ask if everything was ok. I kid you not - she actually did this! Now axe yourself: how many people would come out of their shop and into the street to ask you a question unless they thought you stole something or that you left your gun behind?Breakfast burrito # 82 - yelp.com/biz_photos/jLv5…Carne asada burrito (with beans and cheese only) # 65 - yelp.com/biz_photos/jLv5…Pollo asado burrito (with beans and cheese only) # 17 - yelp.com/biz_photos/jLv5…
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,4/20/2010,508,98,9,13,12>TheBESTMexicanFoodDowntown!(IMHO)I shit you not. I first fell in Lust with the food @ Valentine's when they still had a shop in Mission Hills-next door to bar d...their burritos/tacos left a really really good impression on my tastebuds(it was the Santa Fe option Asada y Pastor that did it for me).The Carne Asada here is superb. I Love the Santa Fe option the have for Burritos/tacos-They add spicy corn+black beans+grilled onions+sour cream+cheese into any burrito or taco you want. If you don't want sour cream or cheese, they're cool with letting you substitute it with guacamole. The Al Pastor here is great too, flavorful with chunks of grilled pineapple in it. They have two types of guacamole, mexican and american...the latter is just avocado mixed w/sourcream. Aguas Frescas are available, not that fountain shit...but the kind freshly made in a little barrel. The Pollo caldo I had here was good, it reminded me of the Filipino soup/dish "tinola" it had the spicy peppers just like it and coyote.My first meals of 2010 were from this place....I Love the food so much that I went back two times on New Years day...lunch&late night dinner(both to go.)For all the vegetarians, there's a nice small selection for yall too.My two favorite things here: Carne Asada & Al Pastor. That's where I think they truly shine & seperate themselves from other joints.This has to be one of my favorite Mexican joints  in San Diego...I'd say one of my Top 5.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,4/19/2010,195,63,25,20,20>Bro, you wanna go GTL (Gym,Tan, Laundry) before a night of drunken fist pumpin' action at the PB Shore Club? Ready to display our my creepy patent moves while we beat up the sick beats? NO! This isn't quite the Jersey Shore so you won't catch Pauly D, snookie, the situation and friends hangin out at the PB Shore Club (and yes I watch Jersey Shore. Its one of my guilty pleasures lol). PB Shore club is a fun, chill, relaxing hangout joint to grab a beer or 5. The music was NOT what I expected from PB shore club. DJ was bumpin' some hits on Sunday afternoon. Songs that make you say "Ohh SHIT. No they didn't just play this song" (Ain't nothin but a G thang, Gin & Juice.. REGULATORSSSSS?! ARE YOU SERIOUS?) Took me back when I used to watch YO! MTV raps, What's the haps on the craps?!Friendly crowd w/ good vibes, some day time Hollerin' going on and don't forget a Charger W! I gotta say "Today was a good day".
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/19/2009,4/18/2010,242,85,16,14,13>Walked up in there and showed security ID, turns out he had some type of device that scanned my license and put my face in some inventory!??!  On some Minority Report type of shit?!?!?  Oh well, no cover anyways so that was cool, now let us in!!Okay, chill atmosphere.  Did our lap around the bar...Not the typical crowd that I'm used to, but its okay...Me and my homies are pretty versatile and can adapt to any situation...All I remember is the place being all black (decor that is), and 2 pool tables in the back for you pool sharks...Lots of places to sit down here compared to U31...Gotta outside smoking patio too.  This is where all the action went down for us...The homies ended up gettin a lil too tipsy, so I was the big homie tonight...Even found the homie Jon "Jumbo" C. makin out....WITH A TREE!  Yes, a tree...Never knew that boy loved nature so much...Simply put, regular North Park bar...Saw what I expected...Hipsters, Asians/Black/Whites that look outta place....LOL....Expected prices $7-10 a drink....Cool place to chill and have some laughs at those out of place people...Everyone was friendly...But in a weiirrddd kinda way...........
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,4/17/2010,735,735,22,23,19>It still boggles our hero's simple mind how people cannot understand the concept of a "grill your own meat" restaurant.  The idea is simple: you order a raw slab of animal carcass, the waitress delivers it to the communal grill, then you cook it and season it yourself as you please.  The reaction our hero sometimes gets when he tells people of this concept is: "What? You go to a restaurant and pay so that you can cook your own food?"So... let's consider this... you would rather go to a type of restaurant called a "buffet" where you have to walk away from your table and get your own appetizers, salad, main course, and dessert for yourself, but you wont cook your own food?  Preposterous!  It's funny how Japanese yakiniku or Korean BBQ doesn't get misunderstood like Western style self-cooked meat.Half the fun of the La Jolla Strip Club is watching the general grilling incompetence of about 80% of the people there who burn their steaks to a crisp, over season it with 3 types of seasoning salt, or insist on flipping and moving their steak every single minute.  To know that other people just ruined a $15-25 entree while his steak turned out perfectly medium rare gives our hero an extra savory spice of schadenfreude on his succulent steak here.The decor is very modern, dimly lit, and classy.  The Cohn Group spared no expense on the design and remodeling of this restaurant and it shows from the washrooms to the grills.  Riviera and Turf Supper Club, eat your heart out.Sure, this may not compare to Ruth's Chris or Donovan's in the frame of full service steakhouses, but this place is a gem among its niche.  Out of all the "grill-your-own" steak concept restaurants in San Diego, La Jolla Strip Club takes top honors for the best selection of meat and sides, and definitely has the best ambiance as well.  For a hot date or a cool group dinner, there's few better choices than this place in the UTC area!PROS:- Plenty of free parking available compared to the Gaslamp Strip Club.- Amazing bar with a huge selection of vodkas.- Nice choices in sides and steaks available, with some fairly lean tasting cuts.- It's a 21+ restaurant, so you don't have to deal with screaming babies and kids when you're eating.CONS:- Service can a bit shabby during busy dinner hours.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,4/15/2010,280,181,36,34,29>I like cow and I like Vietnamese food. One of my all time favorite dishes is "Bo Bay Mon", which translates to "7 Courses of Beef". We got a group of yelpers together for dinner, and let's just say it was one of the most inappropriate meals I've had to date. But I'll elaborate on that later. 7 Courses of Beef - 1. Table-top cooking the beef with butter2. Table-top cooking the beef with a broth/vinegar3. Beef sausage wrapped in grape leaves4. Beef sausage with lemon grass5. Beef wrapped around green onions6. Meat ball eaten with fresh shrimp chips7. Beef porridge (similar to arroz caldo)  :DThe dish comes with rice paper, veggies (lettuce, pineapple, pickled carrots/radish, mint, and basil), and fish sauce for dipping. Some were Bo 7 Mon (B7M) virgins, so a couple of us did quick demonstrations. Let's just say the girls picked it up quicker than the guys. It is essentially the same technique used to wrap eggrolls/lumpia.. but of course they never helped their mommas in the kitchen! The following are just a few of the inappropriate statements that were made during the meal -"Rub the other side." "Make sure you wrap it nice and tight.""Get it all in!!""There's something hanging out of your roll.""Is it in the gurthier one?""It's too thin, I like mine thicker.""That's the longest one I've ever seen!""When I bit into it, the stuff came out.""Mine stayed in!""Well then you aren't doing it right, sweetie."Let's just say we were the loudest table in the restaurant. It was too funny watching everyone wrap up their meat and shove it in their mouths. I'm still having flashbacks to this day.After dinner, I picked up a friend -Me: "I had a beer during dinner."Her: "Haha. Did you drink a Heineken?"Me: "No.. it was "33", beer straight from Vietnam!"Side Note: Each order of Bo Bay Mon serves two people, and it's about $20.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,4/14/2010,240,206,9,19,10>tapas are no longer half off during happy hour *tear
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,4/13/2010,1307,1136,22,23,23>Tonight i'll be your naughty girlI'm callin all my girlsWe're gonna turn this party outI know you want my bodyTonight i'll be your naughty girlI'm callin all my girlsI see you look me up and downAnd i came to party ~ Beyonce, Naughty GirlThis was the song that was stuck in my head for days after going to Lips. I am one of the lucky girls who can say she had two Bachelorette parties, one in San Diego and one in Boston, since my wedding was in Boston. My friend booked a table for us to come here for my Bachelorette party in San Diego and I have to say, I had a great time. I wasn't too thrilled about being pulled on stage, having to take a blowjob shot and having to explain to the audience how long I've been with my fiance, etc. But it was a fun time. My waiter, errr, waitress was Spanky, he, I mean, she was a great server. This was back in 2008.Since then, I've been back one more time for one of my friend's Bachelorette party recently. We had a great time, got a limo to drive us to Lips. I wasn't crazy about the location of the restaurant but whatever. The show was great, I laughed a lot. For the food, I remembered it not being so great, but you're paying for the show. The salads are pricey but the portions are rather big. The desserts are delicious and you have ample to choose from. The drinks weren't so great, some were strong, some weren't, it wasn't consistent. At the bar, the bartender is straight and he'll hit on you and tell you that you're getting wasted whether or not you want to and he gives you really strong drinks. Then he talks about how much he loves boobs, it's a rather interesting time but nonetheless, you'll have a great laugh. So there are straight men who work at Lips and some of the drags are even straight! Man! Some of these women look so real! Besides the adam's apple giving it away. Drag shows aren't for uptight people, aren't for prudes and definitely aren't for people who are homophobics, there was one guy who was a good sport about it. There are some women who work there that look better as a woman than I do! You need to give props to these guys....errrr, girls.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,4/12/2010,472,335,17,29,19>I'm happy that there's Filipino food somewhere besides the expected locations of Mira Mesa (and vicinity) and down south.  In fact, that's +1 star just for being brave enough to venture into fresh territory.Considering the nature of most Filipino food joints in southern California -- you know, the point-at-your-food-and-get-your-tray-stuffed nature -- I can't think of a better location than in a mall food court.  It makes more sense, especially, to put it in the UTC food court, where you've got options for Vietnamese food, pizza, shawarma, Indian, Mongolian BBQ, or Panda Express, but there has since not been a Filipino food option.  So thanks Sizzling Eggrolls for supplying that alternative.I ordered the caldereta (beef) and the pork adobo along with two vegetable lumpia.  The caldereta was nice and rich with tender cuts of beef.  It was not overly greasy as I'd expect from any place in Mira Mesa.  The pork adobo was good too, but with the added sweetness, it wasn't representative of what I think adobo usually tastes like.  As for the lumpia, I'm not sure if they were vegetarian egg rolls, because I could have sworn there was meat in it, but to me that's a good thing because I like a little meat in my veggie egg rolls.In general I think their food offerings are sound and Sizzling Eggrolls is probably one of the better options for a meal at UTC.  I did have a little gripe about their steamed rice - it was a little overcooked and mushy.  Rice is a tough one to get right every time, especially if it has to stay in the rice warmer for extended periods of time.  I think one solution could be higher turnover, so give Sizzling Eggrolls your business so they can keep making fresh batches of food!
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/27/2009,4/11/2010,368,405,13,18,15>The first time I came to Hive was about  months ago, and I literally walked in, and walked out when I got extremely rude service from not only one of the bartenders, but someone who I can only assume was in charge. I figured, maybe an off day, so I delayed the review in hopes of returning and having a better time.Came back over this past weekend, and slipped in a few minutes before happy hour ended, (the prices which are pretty good)  Got an assortment of rolls, and various other items.  Tried the house beer, which was pretty tasty.The service was decent.  She was friendly, and was fast to take our order.  She was a little slow on refilling our drinks, but no biggie there.My only issues had to have been 1) The DJ.  Why does everyone feel the need to have a DJ these days?  I don't like to yell at the top of my lungs while I'm eating, to the person who is sitting less than three feet away.  I understand that Hive is pretty "hip"  but the DJ is a bit unnecessary.  2) Ordering Sushi is usually always hard for me.  Vegetarian, allergic to most fish, I am very limited to my options.  Got the veggie rolls, and in a few of them, I swear I was eating dirt.  I'm not sure if the veggies were actually dirty, or there was something extra in there that gave it that gritty texture, but it was not pleasant.Basically I am not impressed, and don't feel the need to frequent.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,1/15/2013,1515,967,13,15,9>HAPPY HOURIt's not Taco Tuesdays, it's TEQUILA TUESDAYS!!! Taco tuesdays are for the weak hearted and the college partying kid in PB. This is for adults who can drink real liquor. El Zarape is located in the semi-hood, you will be hearing music bumping from low riders, or drive around and see guys with their white beaters off on their shoulders. But it doesn't scare people from coming to this little joint. The bar is located in the back and it's not too big, but it's fully stocked. They also have a live band play awesomeness songs on tequila tuesdays. I tried the margaritas and man! They were delicious! I couldn't get enough, but unfornately I had to drive home, and so no tequila shots, but I did have tequila in my drinks! So that would still be Tequila Tuesday for me. I also tried their tacos-fish and carne asada. The fish taco was not battered/fried, it was just real fish. It tasted like fish, so that was a different thing because most fish tacos taste like chicken, this definitely did not! The tacos had plenty of meat. Because of this place, I've started to hit up all other restaurants Tequila Tuesdays.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,1/14/2013,971,479,5,16,10>Where Oxtail Soup (and no it does not have oxtail just the beef broth and some tender beef) + Saimin (Islander noodles) + Nilaga (filipino) = Beef Noodle Soup. Best $5 soup I've ever tasted.  I found this place because of a friend who posted it on FB.  First thing I thought was "Oh my Hawaii style BBQ we need to go."  I had the following dishes:  Beef noodle soup and Combo plate with Kalbi Ribs, Garlic Shrimp and two scoops of rice.  The only negative thing I can say is it didn't come with Mac Salad.  Now I know now to order a side order dish of it. This is a new restaurant located in National City on E Plaza Blvd.  Tucked away next to Yum  Yum Donuts and next to 7-11.  There's a lot of parking and a nice dining room size.  Ronaldo, our server, was very nice and always checked up on us.  He was so sweet and every time we had a question he was quick to respond with such a pleasant voice.  I will definitely return here as often as I can.  Winter is coming soon so this will be the perfect place to eat this soup with some rice.  Yummy Yummy Yummy in my Tummy Tummy Tummy....
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,1/13/2013,242,315,16,12,14>This never happens, I swear. I actually went to D Bar twice in one day. For brunch with a bunch of girl friends, and for dinner with Man Candy. So what's the key in going to the same place twice in one day without being totally judged by all the cool kids? Different looks (maybe go hobo in the morning and glam at night), different friends (if you are lucky enough to know more than 2 people, this is a great option), and it definitely helps to leave a gap of at least an hour in between. If all of this fails and *horror* the waitress recognizes you, give her the Jenna Marbles face of abject frozen terror and I promise she will not bring up your repeat presence.So jokes aside, this place is killer.KILLER.In the morning, our gaggle had our run of the place, it was pretty empty. I was worried, but in retrospect I think it's because everyone else eating in the area was out of their minds. And that makes me feel better.For brunch, I had Not spaghetti and meatballs. And they're right, it's not spaghetti and meatballs. It's spaghetti and deliciousness. It was beautiful on the plate and beautiful in my belly. It was so good that I specifically left half of it over so I could have it later in the day. Since I gave my leftovers to a homeless guy on the way to my car and told him to enjoy (which I have no doubt that he did), obviously I had no choice but to come back ASAP.When I dragged Man Candy directly from the airport to d bar, I didn't tell him I had already been there that day. We sat at the bar together, watching the ridiculous desserts being made. We ate pork chop (nom) and then shared a dessert. I'm not sure which one, because all of the desserts I sampled that day are blending into one glorious memory of mouthgasm, but suffice it to say that it was amazing.Seriously. Great food, great desserts, celebrity chef (who doesn't own 57 restaurants), awesome design. Next time, I'm gonna go for the hat trick ;)
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/12/2013,184,181,4,10,9>Bread and Cie you are truly one of a kind. My life here would be so much less foodie exciting without Your existence. It is not only the closest you can get  from here to European style bread outside Europe, but also their  selection is superb, complete and diverse. For instance, if you are Eastern European like me, you will appreciate the fact that every Tuesday they make European Rye bread. This is truly amazing that they even bother to make the bread  that is probably more than odd tasting for local palates. But it's so full of flavor and dense in texture. Tastes wonderful as a snack just simply with butter or with slices of  cheese or cold meat cuts.Shhh don't tell anyone but I actually used to work here years ago and tasted every single bread they make! My favorites are: seedy sourdough baguette, multi grain, fig and anise, walnut scallion and rye. I also know that all of the unsold bread goes to charity every single day. European bread needs to be consumed ideally on the same day as baked. If you have leftovers just slice them up and put in the freezer to save their freshness for later. They even give you plastic bags for that purpose if you ask for them. Their sandwiches and panininis are delicious. Every single one is tasty! Just pick what you feel like eating that day. My favorite soup is Tomato. The only negative are the prices- very high unfortunately. You will be very happy with their cookie and pastry selection too. Coffee is just fine. They don't mind if you bring Peet's coffee from next door and vice versa.B&C you are a mekka for bread lovers. Thank you for being here.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,1/11/2013,561,742,5,7,6>Yummers! Totally lives up to the hype and portions are HUGE.I usually order the mini-Bacon Cheeseburger Basket which is a ton of food. The burgers are stacked and can be a bit messy but are delish! I also love the fries---thick & crispy steak fries :) Their onion rings are awesome, too!When I eat there, I usually like to order a cold Shock Top to wash it all down. But when I want to go big, I'll order one of their shakes or malts. SO YUMMY--and huge! You can definitely split it between two peeps.Def recommend! Esp if you can manage to snag to grab the "booth" inside the VW van. Fun!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,1/10/2013,129,138,6,9,7>Vin De Syrah is my absolute favorite spot downtown. Maybe because the underground setting reminds me a little bit of home.. Not that I was raised underground,, but in Portland there's a few really great underground venues.  Or maybe it's the Alice in Wonderland-esque atmosphere that takes me back to being a child, gleefully lost in the fairytale story.. Except for now I have Vino to help accentuate the experience,, while hopefully not really falling down a rabbit, or sewer, hole.Whatever the reason Vin De Syrah got it right.  On top of the ambiance, the snacks are delicious, the staff is accomodating, and of course no favorite of mine would be complete without happy hour,, one that exceeds past 6pm at that.  Happy hour at Vin is 4-8, making the prospect of getting off work, downtown & Parking, all with plenty of time to actually Enjoy it, a very  reasonable concept.The majority of my trips here have been for that purpose, however one night we ventured here much later to find a  venue packed with beautiful people a great Female dj to boot.Whatever you're in the mood for Vin can supply it.. Unless it's sunlight of course,, and then you can try happy hour on the patio upstairs at Melting Pot.. Otherwise, Vin De Syrah is the place to escape to. But beware, once you go down that rabbit hole, you may never want to leave wonderland.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,1/9/2013,143,382,3,13,8>I can not begin to describe how awesome this place is, but I'll try. It's small, but plenty of outdoor seating.  Which is awesome on a breezy, slightly chilly day while eating SOUP.  The staff was very friendly while taking our order, bringing us our order, and as we were leaving.  Very cool all around.I want to think that I'll try all the soups at some point...but the LOBSTER BISQUE is SO amazing that I don't know if I can stray from it!  Seriously, top notch stuff.  The sherry in it gives it that extra something - I have no idea if it's a typical ingredient in lobster bisque, but it's GOOD.  My husband said, "I don't think I should drive after eating this!"  I had the Portabella, Spinach and Brie panini, which was hearty and DELICIOUS.  My husband had the Tuna Melt panini and said it was one of the best tuna melts he's ever had.  I'm usually suspect of tuna melts (I'm thinking Starkist and Kraft singles on white bread, like during my childhood), but the hubs assures me this is NOT that kind of tuna melt.Very conveniently located on El Cajon Boulevard, with street parking and a small lot in the back.  You can eat in or take out.  I can see myself stopping here to pick up some soup on the way home from work.  Soups are $6/7 (+$2 if you get it in a breadbowl - trust me, you want the breadbowl!) and the paninis are $8.  By no means expensive.  Very reasonable for the portions and quality.    Worth every penny!  Hearty, delicious...a warm hug for your belly!
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,1/8/2013,368,435,7,15,10>Allow me to be a snob for just a moment: I just returned from Thailand after being there for a couple of months, so I was ready to be pretty critical. First test: Do they speak Thai? Yes they do. Ahh my heart was happy to speak Thai. Second test: Price! Prices are extremely reasonable especially considering you get a HUGE portion. Third test: DOES IT TASTE AUTHENTIC? I would say that it's about as close as you can get considering we are in the States and the health laws are different (sad sad), so I was so happy to have come here. I loved the Thai fried rice, but my friends loved the Pad See Ew and the Panang curry. My advice: ask the person up front what she recommends! The service is really friendly and fast, but parking can be pretty tough if you come during the weekend at night since it is a busy neighborhood. Ahh Thailand, I miss it so much but Bahn Thai brings a bit of nostalgia.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/7/2013,176,536,12,16,12>I think i died and went to Pastrami Heaven!There are over 100 different sandwiches to choose from and many of them include their glorious, wonderful pastrami!  Which i consider to be king of the deli meats!After looking over the extensive menu i narrowed it down to a few items.  My eyes got really big when i saw #54. Pastrami & Bacon - What!  This is ground breaking why has no one ever put these ingredients together?!  What could be better than taking pastrami (king of deli meats) and adding forbidden, tasty, crunchy, salty, sacrilegious, fried pork deliciousness on top your sandwich in a Jewish deli!Pastrami Dip - Pastrami sandwich with Au Jus (Under DZs Specialties) Wow!  Fusing the French dip with Pastrami. Genius!I finally ended up getting yelp.com/biz_photos/dz-a…62. Reuben (Pastrami or Corned Beef or Smoked Turkey) - I opted for half pastrami and half corned beef, white bread and kraut on the side.  The bread was beautifully grilled, pastrami was piled high, the kraut was fresh and not soggy and overly sour (which is why i always order it on the side) It also came with fries which was part of my decision to get a hot sandwich rather than a cold one, for some reason fries are an extra charge to substitute out your side with cold sandwiches. It's a lot of food.  Maybe best to share a sandwich and a salad, dessert or something from the bakery. It's easier on the wallet and the waist and you get to try more stuff too.Service was very attentive and friendly, it's a bit pricey at $14 but you get a lot of quality food.  It's not a wimpy chain restaurant sandwich.I immediately went home and fell into a food coma in front of the TV while dreaming of the Pastrami and bacon sandwich that I'd get next time.  Other pastrami creations worth mentioning12. Brisket, Pastrami, Jack Cheese39. Corned Beef, PastramiFinally found my Fav Pastrami place in SD!Tip: 1. if you order the pastrami sandwich from the deli its $8 or $9 (a bit cheeper but doesn't come with a side) but who needs sides right?2. check out their week day lunch specials (served till 3) you can get the Ruben for $10 on tuesdays and thursdays. yelp.com/biz_photos/dz-a…
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/6/2013,647,343,11,17,14>Muzita's 4.5 star rating from 600+ reviews speaks for itself, so I'll list the highlights of my experiences here:1. Great for groups:Great for groups, even though it's cozy. Reservation is recommended if you have a group of 6+.2. Fantastic injera bread:I normally don't like the injera (bread) because the handful of times I've tried it before, the sourdough taste is so overpowering, that I can't taste the meat and veggies. However, Muzita's injera was seasoned perfectly - I couldn't stop gobbling those suckers up!3. Great atmosphere:The atmosphere is really nice. Soft lighting, and the music isn't overwhelmingly loud. It was great for a group, but it'd be a perfect date place too. 4a. Amazing service:My second visit was on a Saturday night. This time, it was busier and more crowded, so we waited a little longer to get our food. However, the restaurant recognized this, and gave our group of 9 two free appetizers for waiting. They were lentil dips with a hummus consistency, and they tasted absolutely amazing!! Not wanting to embarrass my friends in public was the ONLY reason why I didn't ditch my last shred of dignity to shove my face in the bowl and lick the bowl clean like a dog, when the crispy injera (aka dip vehicle) was finished.4b. Michael, the manager, came out at the end of the meal and apologized personally for our wait at the beginning. He went out of his way to make sure we were satisfied, and profusely thanked us for eating with them. (As if the food wasn't enough to lure me back each time...) 5 star service indeed!5. Epic food:Orgasmic. That is seriously the first word to come to mind to describe their food. I'm a huge meat eater, but I love their lentils and vegetables. All the sides are really flavorful. Sambusas - crispy and delicious. And the salad... ::dies a little::6. Great value:Muzita is reasonably priced for the amount and deliciousness of the food. Both times I've been here thus far, I paid about $21, including food, drink, tax, and tip...and can guarantee that I didn't leave even close to hungry.If you like amazingness, this place is a must try.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,8/22/2013,56,192,5,10,8>I see no way that Bahn Thai could improve. Their food is tremendous - every time. They complete each order in a timely and outrageously polite and friendly way - every time. I've never gotten food here, whether it is dining in or taking it out that was  incomplete or done incorrectly. I've gotten the same thing - the Pad See Ew - about 20 times or so, and every single time, it has been spectacular. Seeing that it is my favorite thing on the menu at a Thai restaurant, you can see why I would give Bahn Thai five stars. My girlfriend gets it with extra broccoli, and they comply each time. I think I'm going to have to start making this request myself.While their place is small, they've done an excellent job with the decor so I immediately feel at home and never rushed. It is ridiculously clean as well inside. Speaking of requests, I got a gift certificate for this place for my girlfriend for xmas, and it wasn't a hassle. I get the feeling that nothing is here, and that is another reason to give it five stars. I will be honest - as I scan the reviews for Bahn Thai here, anyone who gives it less than five stars, I am immediately wary of. I know - every place can have an off day, but after at least 20 times coming to this place, I would have thought one time might be less than excellent? Well...not so. Even when I get an order for take-out, the food is really hot and they have fantastic take-out containers. So much so, I save them and recycle them to use later!So, the point is - for excellent Thai food, don't ever hesitate to go to Bahn Thai. Fair prices, excellent service and excellent food. There actually isn't a thing I can think of that would be a negative for Bahn Thai - a true mark for a five star restaurant.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,8/21/2013,249,200,2,8,4>My all-time fav Thai restaurant!!!!!!! Throughout the whole San Diego!  Their everything is so good. Check out the pictures. I highly recommend the duck noodle soup. That's the dish to tell this is a truly authentic Thai restaurant. You can't find duck noodle soup anywhere else easily, not even in all Thai restaurants run by Thai. The soup base is so delightful, sweet soy sauce base with special herbs and spices that I can't pinpoint what exactly they put in there...  Their drunken noodles are amazing. Their fish!! The whole pan-fried fish! The shrimp skewers wrapped in crispy noodles.... EVERYTHING. Most of all, the prices are decent and the environment is modern and stylish. The service is excellent too! They also open late on certain days!I don't have a single bad thing to say about this restaurant. If Yelp allowed, I would give this restaurant 10 stars!!! **********Def my all-time go-to Thai restaurant!
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,8/20/2013,480,944,6,6,7>Hodad's! Is it worth the hype? Who knows. They make some great burgers. and fries. and onion rings. I liked Hodad's almost 20 yrs ago when it was popular, but not "famous," and the lines weren't out-of-control, but I think Hodad's deserves 5 stars for great burgers, great OB/surfer setting and withstanding the test of time. Reminds me of the burgers I used to get even further back at Malibu Inn...
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,8/19/2013,185,210,9,8,7>Ragu......ragu......RAGUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU. It's permanatly on the menu now, no longer a special. THANK GOD.Ragu.......how could a ragu be this good? How? Why? Spaghetti was one of those things that I made at home.....thanks for stealing that away from me Monello!It's called Grandmas pasta on the menu up in the spaghetti section. Let me tell you something.... if your grandmas ragu tastes like this, please call me ASAP. Because I will personally drive to where she lives to watch her make it, 25 gallons of it, I'll freeze half and put the other half on the black-market.....CAPISCE!!!!!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,8/18/2013,155,208,8,9,6>Okay.  I have a confession.  I don't liked to be touched by strangers.  So I was nervous that I was going to get a massage in the first place.  I have been offered by my wife to get massages in the past and every time I have said no. My neck hurt, my back hurt, my right shoulder hurt and my right wrist hurt.  I was a mess.  So I finally agreed on a couples massage.  With my wife and I getting massaged side by side.Before stepping inside the spa my wife and I get into a little argument because we had a little parking fiasco beforehand.  We actually went in and were bickering.  The nice young ladies behind the front desk just knew that we were so ready to get massages.  But before we got massages.  They put us in a separate room and brought us mimosas and sweets.  That quickly put us in a better frame of mind.  I was still a little nervous but give me some alcohol and sugar and I am good.Afterwards, we are escorted into a room with low lighting, soothing music and scented candles.  There were two young ladies who met us and told us to get undressed and get under the sheets while they left to come back and they would start the massage.  So my wife and I complied except my wife and I keep our undergarments on.  They were okay with that and worked around it.  As they massaged away.  I was feeling the stress leave my body.  Using oils, we got a complete Swedish body massage.  There was a time where my massuese found a tender spot on my body but I didn't make a sound even though it hurt.  I didn't want my man card to be revoked so I kept my mouth shut.  Other than that it was a great experience.We actually left relaxed.  Money well spent.  I would definitely come back but only for a couples massage.  I would feel like I am cheating on my wife if I went without her.If you need a massage.  This is the place to go.  They rock.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,8/17/2013,431,494,3,7,6>I LOVE BUN BO HUE! Bun bo hue is a Vietnamese noodle soup. Unlike pho, where there's a delicate lightly season broth, BBH is its manly version: strong, bold and flavorful. The cross-section of the noodles is round, not rectangular. I'm not a fan of blood pudding but it's in there unless if you request it not to be. It's family run hole in the wall restaurant, never knew it existed until a friend recommended we come here for lunch. From my friend, I learned that the family is from Hue and they have the BEST food.  I've been going next door for mediocre sushi when I could have been coming here for the best BBH in SD. I've tried Phuong Trang, Pho Convoy Noodle House, Van Hoa, among others. This place has the best that I've ever had. Theirs is spicier and yummier than the rest. You can taste the spice from the ginger and the lemongrass. A squirt of lime, a handful of cabbage and shrimp paste is all I need. My mouth is drooling as I'm typing about this. I usually get stomach aches when I eat out but I had no problem here. I came here last Saturday for the first time and have been craving it since! Thinking of getting it for dinner tonight.*Bring cash, you won't need a lot because food here is cheap.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,8/16/2013,211,81,6,10,8>Oh Yakitori Yakyudori has a 1 hr wait? They only have two spaces that can fit my group of 6? Have you been in this situation? I have, at least until I realized that Hinotez is right down the road and they are sister restaurants! If you're looking by something not overrun by 20-something screaming at each other over dinner, something a little more refined, then head over to Hinotez. Their spicy miso ramen is delicious and their beef skewers are top notch. It's weird but I find myself now obsessing over their skewers and just a bowl of rice. You have to appreciate a place that can make you CRAVE something so simple. Parking in their lot is normally fine, only once did I need to wait for people to leave.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,8/15/2013,121,122,5,7,6>Went here last night for a drink and it was a GREAT experience overall.  So here's my story:  I had planned on meeting up with my friend at the House of Blues but when I got there it smelled like gross greasy food and the crowd was not my style (kind of slacker-ish) and it was too crowded.  Soooo, I had noticed that next door was the hotel Palomar with this BEAUTIFUL restaurant/bar called SaltBox. I told my friend to meet me there instead and I went in and sat at the bar.  The bar seats were so plush, so comfortable with well dressed business men.  They have a few interesting cocktails so I tried the one called the Paloma that has tequila and other stuff that I forgot, but it was GOOD!  And not insanely expensive:  $8 +tax/tip.  Usually a drink like that would be $12 base at a nice place like that.  The bar area also has cute bar tables mostly with 2 high seats so I moved to one of those after I got my drink.  Behind the bar area are these half circle booths that looked extremely comfortable and very well decorated.  My friend finally got there and right away there was a waitress to take his order which came out right away.  Yes, I only spent about 45mins there, and yes I only had one drink, but the overall experience was awesome and I will definitely be back there again!I forgot to mention that it was a Tuesday night so that's why it wasn't crowded, but I bet this place would be an awesome place to meet successful singles on the weekends :)
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,8/14/2013,281,230,8,9,12>I rarely review thrice, but I just had to update -- we moved to Las Vegas for 2 years, visiting only once during that time, and today, the owner still remembered us and our order. They always go above and beyond with their service and the quality is top notch. Delicious! Every single time.Mushroom swiss burger with grilled onions is aces and the malts are *perfect*. I think it's because they use old school Carnation ice cream instead of super premium like some of the fancier burger chains. It's drinkable with just the right amount of malt. (Though rarely is there such a thing as too much malt, in my opinion.) It's the kind of place you want to tell everyone about because it rocks so hard, but you don't want anyone to actually go or it'll get too popular and you won't get one of their few booths.But you can go. I like you that much.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,8/13/2013,57,102,4,7,7>Went to Trulucks yesterday for happy hour with my girlfriend Lyn D.. Love this place!! Some places skimp out/slack off on HH but not here.. Our favorite was the crab cake! it's made of 95% blue crab bc who the heck wants fillers in the crab cake.. not this fatty girl! :]  I love that it's not deep fried.. Just has a nice sear on the top to give it a bit of crunch and the mixed greens adds to the overall freshness..We also had the hot n crunchy shrimp.. Not sure what was supposed to be hot about it there was no spice but it was still really good! The shrimp were plump and juicy and I know this is weird but I like to eat the shrimp tails too.. bahaha it's like eating shrimp chips that you buy at the asian store but better!! it's also a good indication of how fresh the shrimp are, and how fast it got to your table because if the shrimp aren't fresh and immediately brought to you after fried then the tails will be more or less just hard and chewy instead of crispy.. (i also like to eat it bc it's a good source of calcium).. The mussels here are bomb!  Big and fresh and the texture is nice and delicate!  I love the broth that it comes with and the crostini's!! Mmmm.. Lynlyn said she would've preferred it to be served with the generic soft french bread to soak up the broth but I like the crunch of crostins! Mmmm yumsies! Today was Lynlyn's first day having raw oysters and she came to the right place.. I had oysters earlier this week and paid 3x as much and they were NOT as fresh..The featured oyster was from baja california and idk if I'm spelling this right but Natasha our server said they were kumeyaay oysters (like the tribe i guess? lol) Really clean, no lingering tastes of fishiness and the condiment on the side had a bit of heat and palate cleaning ginger i think it was? well regardless presentation was beautiful and the dish was amazing!  Theeeeen the calamari.  We barely touched it.  I think it might have been sitting out a bit too long because it was cold and soggy.  It was served along with some also soggy limp strings of veggies that weren't very appetizing.  Was not a big fan of the generic thai sauce that is most always served with calamari now.  The tartar sauce was pretty good tho..Aaaaaand dranks!  I had the red door martini which was excellent.. little floating pretty chunks of raspberries was a nice touch..Lastly we ordered carrot cake cupcake and chocolate malt cupcake.. Now these guys are DENSE!! i picked one up and i was omg it's heavy!! lol! So that was exciting bc i love dense moist cakes which was exactly what these were.  The cream cheese frosting on the carrot cake was thick and luscious just how I like it.. I WAS STOKED for the chocolate malt cupcake and first bites were heaven.. But then I was like wait where's the malt?! MISSING!! until the very middle of the cupcake, I think in the frosting?! I'm not even sure I could barely taste it even tho i REALLY. REALLY. WANTED IT. i'm a fiend for malt! so that was a bit disappointing.. just have to wait until the seasonal chocolate malt cake comes back at prep kitchen.. oodles of malt in every bite now that's what mama's talking about..What else.. Our server Natasha was in training, but she was so knowledgable about everything!! And really friendly and sweet.. I love the decor and ambience of the place, the only thing is that it's cray dark in there! Maybe it was where we were sitting but details on the plate were completely lost to meAll in all, the quality of the crab cake and mussels make up for everything else that was a miss.. So i give this place a 4, which is a good reflection of all the other times I've been here as well
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,2/27/2013,419,343,7,13,9>This is more of an addendum to my previous review. There's already quite a bit of text in that review, so it would be easier for me to just write in blank space rather than edit what I already wrote.So the same friend from the previous review and I went back a week later. The owner immediately recognized us and we were treated VERY WELL throughout. We both were feeling adventurous and had tsukemen. The owner was especially proud of this creation and it was shown in the final product.-He was rather proud of his noodles, so he said that any extra noodles we would get would be on the house.-AN EGG. This is usually NOT a part of the regular order and you have to ask for it. I kept on harping my friend and would look my eyes towards the big table to see if any of their tsukemens contained egg. They didn't.-PLENTY of chashu, more than what I think is the average portion. This was noted by the both of us. We also got the more tender pieces, according to the owner.[Note that we still had to pay the the price for the 2 tsukemens. These were just the additional perks we got for being good customers and telling him how good his ramen was the previous visit].According to the waiter, the way to eat a tsukemen is to put the noodles into the spoon, dip into the broth, then eat. I tried doing that but I still tasted more of the noodles. What I did (and my suggestion) is to take some of the noodles, dump into the broth for a couple of seconds, then eat. This allows more of the broth to sink into the noodle.The tsukemen is an excellent dish. The broth was very flavorful and the noodles were al dente, just the way I liked them. My friend and I were very honored of the special perks we got - the meal felt complete. The owner asked us of our opinion and we gladly told him what we thought of our dishes. He even poured our waters!BTW the owner sides by my original review.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,2/26/2013,196,155,9,14,13>Yay! Finally a good AYCE sushi restaurant in San Diego, closer to home! I was in between 4 and 5 stars when AYCE sushi came to mind. But when I added the fact that there aren't many good AYCE sushi in San Diego, I leaned more for the 5. Anyways! Lunch was $21.99 and dinner is $24.99. I found out about this place by MOGL (which if you have an account with them, you'll get 10% cash back each time you use your card). Some rolls were really good, some you can find at any other sushi restaurant. My two favorites would be the Poway roll and the UFO roll. The Oh No! is delicious, especially for those who loves spicy food. They were delicious! Their menu does have some pictures of the rolls, which is great. The appetizer were good as well if decent. The rolls here are more Americanized but definitely better than Sushi Deli. The nigiri was surprisingly not bad either. Not all fishy and gross. They didn't add too much rice to it either. Service was great. The waiters were very attentive. If you don't want AYCE you can order single items from the menu with the prices listed. If you plan on getting more than 2 rolls, AYCE is a great deal, especially when you're eating with lots of people and share (if they ordered the AYCE as well)! 6 of us ordered 13 rolls on top of some nigiri and appetizers!
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,2/24/2013,597,525,10,10,10>Does Phil's have the best BBQ in San Diego? The answer to that question almost aways incites a rigorous debate, one in which I have no interest in participating in. What I do know is that what Phil's serves up is downright delicious.When we arrived a little after 7pm last night, the line to get in was out to the parking lot. A helpful employee approached us and recommended that we go to the bar area and try and snag some seats. That little nugget of advice proved to be very helpful, and we were immediately able to grab two stools at a table upon entry. In the bar area, the employees actually come to your seat, take your order, and then serve the goodies to you. I was starving and opted for the full rack of baby back ribs with sides of macaroni salad and french fries. My partner in crime had the full rack of beef ribs with cole slaw and baked beans. My baby backs were tender as can be, and the bbq sauce they were smothered in was heavenly. I couldn't finish all of my ribs, nor did my dining companion put a dent in his massive portion. Needless to say, we were both stuffed to the gills and hauled a giant container of pork and beef home with us.I never cease to be amazed by Phil's. The operation is impressive, and I've never had a bad meal. Unfortunately, after having a one year hiatus from Phil's location in San Marcos, my latest trip to the Sports Arena location has placed the Phil's bug back in me; I'm craving it, daily.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,2/22/2013,54,249,6,11,8>This place initially set off every hipster alarm possible. Only through the repeated entreaties of my roommate to try it did I overcome my normal avoidance of hipsters and bravely pass by the wall-full-of-art, sidle up to the ipad-register, and order off the minimalism-influenced menu. Fortunately, my initial skepticism was proven wrong: this place is not pretentious hipster, but awesomesauce hipster. It's light and airy inside. There aren't too many tables, but there's more room than I thought and usually always some room at the coffee bar for people. Free wifi is a nice touch but it's never packed with people doing business all day (partially thanks to few available outlets--a nice idea to limit people's laptop use naturally). Interesting variety of customers too. But what really matters here is the coffee. And it's superb. The pour-over coffee actually tastes like all the flavors people always say exist in coffee, but you never actually taste (until now). The espresso is rich and uniquely tasty. Plus, the prices are quite good for the quality; $3.25 for an amazing latte is entirely worth it. Owner and workers are awesome. Super friendly and willing to just strike up a chat with customers on anything. They recognize regulars but also treat new customers with respect. Highly, highly recommended.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,2/21/2013,12,82,21,7,8>This place is what my friends and I commonly refer to as The Yamato Box™.  Basically speaking, when you enter OKAN you enter a figurative pocket plane of Nippon that is being interdimensionally projected into that small box section of the Kearny Mesa strip mall!  Sounds like total BS I know.  It's warm and cozy inside.  I enjoy the space.  I try to speak JAPPONESE every time in there.  I get warm smiles and secret hidden "hate" as that is the traditional Japanese way to save face.  It fills my heart with delight!  (A quick rule of thumb is Yes is sometimes No and No doesn't exist)For food here, go all-out balls and nuts!  Order shit you've never even SEEN before!  For power eaters use menu # 3 which is written in the wajin script of hirakatakanji (spelling).  I'm pretty sure I ordered fish cartilage from it last time.  Its texture was that of nasty ass fish guts and the pallet was salty sour anti-jello with hard crunchy bones(?) in the mix for that extra WTF factor.  Tasted like blargh! but I can't hate!  The salad that looks like a pile of grass is fucking ace and the fried baby Cthulhu octopus dish is absolutely sublime!  ALWAYS GO-CHI-SO-SA-MA!  ALWAYS!If you are lucky, you will receive the bow of bashful politeness +12! (so worth it)
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/20/2013,741,244,11,16,14>Well Helloooooo Seven Grand I think you're kind of my type.The look of this spot is cool and smooth just like their Jackalope lamps that give off the right ambiance.  I really liked their back patio where you can have your cocktail with a group of friends and if they happen to smoke, Seven Grand has the awesome fans that suck up the smoke in a flash.According to Leo, they make "real" old-fashions here...all though I only counted 23 stirs instead of the 30 ;)    So yes, I had two Thankyou.  Very yumI would def. bring my out of town friends to this spot
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,2/19/2013,334,126,11,13,11>If you are a resident and fan of the Clairemont area (like me!), this gym is perfect for you; it's like the microcosm of the People of Clairemont! Kind of like the People of Walmart (peopleofwalmart.com), but a little less quirky and much more endearing. PS: WHY is the Walmart in Clairemont no longer open 24 hours?! But, I digress.. While you can watch one of 6 TVs in the cardio area & plug headphones into treadmills or bicycles to listen along -- for me, it's just a front. I'm really just people-watching the heck out of the eclectic gym clientele. There are plenty of weights and machines to go around, which are well-maintained by the staff. I never have to wait very long for my turn, and everyone generally keeps to themselves. There is a wide age-range of men that do lifting and I appreciate that none of them ever act cocky or creep on us ladies. I feel very safe here, just as I do walking around my neighborhood. You'll also see a lot of young to middle aged women strutting their stuff at Zumba, Yoga, Abs, and Centering classes. I took the Cardio Sculpt class, and one of the older ladies was nice enough to help me set up since there was a ton of equipment involved. I noticed that the instructors know everyone's names making for a very friendly atmosphere.  I'll often see little elderly women power-walking on the treadmills next to me, as dear and sweet as my neighbors that bring their dogs with them everywhere, even just to take their garbage cans out into the street every Wednesday. The gym also offers a "Silver Sneakers" class for those that still work out long after their hairs have turned gray. Actually, a lot of the elderly folks here can put lots of younger people to shame, they're pretty fit! I always wonder if they've been around since the first days of Clairemont back in the 1950s. Sometimes I'll see moms and dads toting their high school and middle school aged kids along to try to have some quality family time. Some of the local teenagers come workout too, like the high school football players that sometimes go door-to-door selling discount cards to fundraise for their team (buy-1-get-1-free Krispy Kreme? Sure, kid!) There's also the super fit, bodybuilder-type people. I imagine that they take advantage of training amongst the hidden nature reserves and hiking routes that surround our mid-surburban neighborhood. They're usually training with their buddies and are never super showy about it. I also love that everyone wears very modest gym clothes.. none of those $120 sports bras or flashy high-end outfits. In fact, most probably bought their gym clothes next door at Ross, Burlington Coat Factory, and TJ Maxx in the same convenient shopping center -- Clairemont Town Square.  And then there's people like me: Asian-Americans in their 20s, working off all that AYCE Korean BBQ, noodle soup, and boba milk tea consumed in the nearby Convoy area, where we go in hopes to find worthy substitutes for the better Asian food found further north in California. This gym does close pretty early at 10pm.. but you know what? We've got places to be in the morning, anyway. What we all have in common is that we're all unfinished projects, just like our neighborhood of un-laid bricks and half-painted fences.We don't need feel the need to show off what we got 24/7. Us Clairemont gym-goers? We just care about Being Fit. :)
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,2/18/2013,256,133,31,13,12>A review and dating advice.  In one.Not only did Truluck's wine me (with a bomb-ass Old Fashioned), dine me (with AMAZING California sea bass), and something-something me (use your imagination)...they EVEN CALLED ME THE NEXT DAY!  That's right...I still got it, y'all.  The frickin' restaurant thought I was so hot...they called me the morning after our "get together" to actually thank ME.  For eating there.  Dude...it may be a little thing, but I thought that was really cool.  And totally the right move (And there is zero chance they call everyone.  ZERO.)It just goes to show...never play it cool and wait a week to call, ladies.  Just keep calling and calling a guy you like, and if he doesn't answer, Facebook stalk him until he does.  Also, guys LOVE when you just stop by their house...Seriously.  LOVE it.  Almost as much as the long-term dating plans (that may or may not involve your parents) after one or two dates.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,2/17/2013,363,200,12,17,16>Original Sab-E-Lee is neither pretty on the outside nor on the inside, but the food and cost per dish more than make up for what it lacks in ambiance. In other words, yeah, you bet I'm a fan of this inconspicuous, hole-in-the-wall Thai joint. :)Despite working close to Siam Nara and Spices Thai Cafe in Mira Mesa, the co-workers and I decided to make the trek down to Linda Vista and give Sab-E-Lee a go. Some days (or most days, if you're me) you just have to get that far away from work. ;) It was quite a change of scenery because if you've ever been to the aforementioned Thai spots in Mira Mesa, they're very much on the fancier side in terms of decor. At Sab-E-Lee, it's a few chairs, tables, and not much else. Straight up, bare bones minimum.We enjoyed lunch family style and between the 4 of us, we ordered:- Spicy Raw Beef: Not for the faint of heart - if raw beef isn't your thing. Nice, beefy flavor with a chewy texture. I like my spicy food, but GOOD LORD, this dish lit my mouth on fire! - Papaya Salad: I enjoyed it, but felt it needed more lime. Not a deal breaker.- Basil Eggplant with Tofu: Must order it with the tofu. It is deeelish!- Panang Curry with Chicken: One of the BEST panang curries I've ever had. Super rich and creamy. The chicken wasn't dry either! Yesss!!- Pad See Ew: Love it! I usually order this whenever I go out for Thai and Sab-E-Lee's was spot on.In the end, we ended up paying $12 per person (after tax & tip), which isn't bad considering the amount of food we stuffed our faces with. And on that note, don't forget to bring cash as they don't take credit.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,2/16/2013,1165,834,18,24,19>Crazee Burger is long overdue for an update, so here's the deal.The last time I was at Crazee Burger, I totally missed its allure.  Turns out that I was just ordering the wrong thing.Skip the traditional burgers here.  The good stuff is further down the menu, where bizarre and exotic combinations abound.Last weekend, my friend and I popped in here and ordered the wild boar and venison burgers, respectively.  These were two of the oddest burgers I've ever come across.  Not only did they have the usual lettuce/tomato/onion going on, but there were also mushrooms, bacon (!), red wine-poached pears (!!!), and a freakin' mountain of whipped cream (!!!!!).Somehow, it worked.By a bizarre twist of fate, a cheeseburger and an ice cream sundae made sweet sweet food-love to one another, and the result was surprisingly delicious.My mind still boggles at the fact that the folks at Crazee Burger pulled this off.I should warn you, though -- these burgers are MESSY.  Prepare to wear your burger home if you're not careful.  I recommend wet-wipes.  Otherwise the dangerous combo of burger-juice and melted whipped cream will drip down your arms, and you'll be smelling like a buffet for the rest of the day.  (Neighborhood dogs and cats might love you for it, though.)Even the service seems to have improved since the last time I was here.  The cashier was on point with quick and friendly service and regular water refills.Crazee Burger, you have redeemed yourself.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,12/15/2008,131,64,8,10,9>I was hit in the face. A friendly ghost of fragrance flooded Pomegranate with its intangible, but undeniable presence. Carried by the nostrils like Wimpy detecting hamburger fumes, we landed at a rustic, wooden table with lamps more appropriate for a living room than a dinner table. Pomegranate was old school, a Siberian Lodge of sorts that served hard to find, traditional Georgian fare (as in Russia, not Atlanta.) The names of past patrons floated in loopy swirls, covering the walls, a yearbook from those that graced these halls before us (my own autograph scribbled in the ladies' room.)Drinks: Water - flavored with cucumber (nice touch)Wine - served in juice glasses, two varieties at $3 a glass*1) Georgian wine - mouth-puckering sweet 2) Malbec - tasted like dirt*Corking fee - $14Vodka - measured out by the finger-ful. Hmm, was it a two or three finger night?Salad: Carrot salad - pulsed with a neon aura that reminded me of some unstable substance like plutonium. Shredded carrots were mixed with mayo, garlic, maybe ginger (I'm guessing.) It was creamy, crunchy and packed a bite - tasty and unlike anything I've had before.Beet salad - the same preparation with beets did not go over as well, for me anyway. The consistency was a little too wobbly, but my fellow foragers gobbled up the extra portion greedily.Apps: These potato dumplings showed me how to love again. A steaming bowl of "starch covered starch" came topped with sour cream and my past nemesis...dill. I usually find this herb overbearing, but these fresh cut snippets brought an earthy freshness to the melting sour cream "broth."**Pork dumplings - on my second visit, I got a little too excited and ordered the meat dumplings by mistake (the entire menu is in Georgian...well, with English translations- my fault!) and though it was a successful detour, it didn't match my prior love affair (and no dill!) Entrée: Stuffed cabbage**- If you come here for one thing, this is it. It was the edible poster-child for HOMECOOKING. This wasn't your run-of-the-mill menu item and would be a painstaking task to attempt in your own kitchen. I could not stop eating it. It just kept unfolding like a present of ground pork and onion. Even when my belly was round with contentment, my fork kept sliding onto the plate for one more taste (undeniably one of the best dishes in town.)Lamb stew - sautéed with carrots, potato and meat, this dark stew was pungent and hearty, but didn't make it on my list of keepers.Lamb skewer - meat was strung on a blade like dense, unpolished jewels and laid out in gleaming tender chunks (my hungry man's favorite.)Special: Lamb meatballs - these were moist and softball-sized mixed with mint and garlic. I was amazed. Who would ever guess that this blank storefront could put out food with such character? From the first bite of Pomegranate there was no question that this was a true Georgian peach.**must order items
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,12/14/2008,292,68,37,18,22>When Stephen and I aren't busy sword fighting or doing our part to rescue the economy, we like to spend romantic evenings surrounded by other attractive people. As trivial as this may sound, most places in San Diego are often inundated with mediocre clientele. On our most recent man date at Bite, we were pleasantly surprised by the prefect balance of attractive staff and patrons (Stephen and I). Ryan: How is your champagne cocktail?Stephen: It reminds me of the first time I gazed into your beautiful green eyes. How do you like the pancetta chicken skewers? Ryan: It makes me feel like I am looking at myself in the mirror.*Their eyes lock, much like the restaurant scene in "Lady and the Tramp"*Stephen: Wow, Jesus... I bet the dude that owns this place is our kind of guy. Ryan: Gay?Stephen: No, beautiful..Ryan: Oh, yeah, right... I was just kidding...Stephen: Right...Ryan: Umm, how's the pot roast? Stephen: It's awesome. I don't know about you but I love meat. Ryan: I know, unfortunately you'll have to go next door for the glory hole. I heard ugly people were trying to use the one here so they filled it in. Stephen: That's a damn shame... Perhaps that's why there is a picture of Eric by the host stand with a large X through it. Ryan: That explains everything... The proprietor of this local gem has put a lot of effort and creativity into executing an awesome euro-style concept. Their eclectic mix of fresh local ingredients adds even more character to an already impressive menu. If you're in the neighborhood and meet the qualifications, definitely check them out; you won't be sorry and they won't take a bite out of your pocket book
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,12/13/2008,489,211,28,22,21>French Fries - NopeFrench Toast - NopeFrench Dressing - NopeFrench Bread - Nope. Wait Yep or Maybe.*French Maid *- Gawd I wish !!! How awesome would that be? French Pastry served by a cute girl in a french maid uniform. Who would even care what it tasted like??? I'd stop by just to tip.I can fantasize can't I?  But this is just a little shop in the Ralph's grocery store strip mall next to Game Stop. I took my 14 year old son in to this place after reserving Vice City, (Video Game). I figured the game is pretty damn explicit so he should get a taste of what the french girls are all about except this ain't Amsterdam so all he got was a cookie.I got a Chocolate Eclair.Both were good and under $5.00.I"ll give them 4 stars. It's clean, selection is good and they have little Bistro tables outside to eat party and drink Coffee.I would have given them 5 stars for just a touch of French Accent with my order but no such luck. She could have faked it for me. It wouldn't be my first time. Really... I don't mind. Please just try!
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2008,12/12/2008,306,288,20,15,18>Whaaaaaaaat? I haven't written a review on Olive Tree Market yet? Let it be known that there is a HUGE difference between this Olive Tree and the Olive GARDEN of famed chain ridden craptastic Italian cuisine.One has cute boys working there. The other has TV commercials.One has Olive Tapenade with delightful cheeses. The other has that plastic cheese grinder thingamajig they bring to the table.One has fresh toasted Pastrami sammiches called THE Manhattan. The other has booster seats.One has spicy Jalapeno chips and Henry Weinhard Creamy root beer. The other has pre-made desserts trucked in after they've lost all flavor in some case in a distribution center in east county.One has customers that see me eyeing the Haagen Daz and suggests the Dulche De Leche flavor. The other has large chunks of steak in their pasta (give your head a shake Olive Garden).
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2008,12/11/2008,519,365,22,21,22>It's all about a Hawaiian lunch plate.  If you have not tried it, you should!  L&L Hawaiian BBQ is a favorite dinner choice, in my house.  It's cheap.  They have great food choices.  What's best?  They got RICE!  But, we're Asians.  We can't live without rice.Favorite menu items include:Chicken Katsu:  chicken breaded and deep fried, served with a sweet katsu sauce. Short Ribs: beef marinated in a sweet soy sauce marinade. Teriyaki Chicken:  grilled chicken, brushed with teriyaki sauce. Spam Musubi:  grilled spam on top of rice, wrapped in seaweed. If you pick any of the lunch plates, it comes with a side of rice and macaroni salad.  Easily, two lunch plates can feed a family of 4, as the servings are huge!  This will cost you about $12.  If a reguar lunch plate is too much for you, try the 'mini plate'!  Works great, when you don't want leftovers.Other menu items include: fried fish, fried shrimp, noodle soups, grilled fish filets served with garlic rice, burgers and fries, to name a few.  The only negatives about the place, which others here have mentioned:- It can get crowded.- The food can be greasy, at times.- Lastly, sometimes, there's just too much mayo in that mac salad.  But, I do love to live dangerously.  This is a great place to go to, when you want that bang for your buck and you need to get your rice on!
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,12/10/2008,639,492,28,30,29>I went to this restaurant because they were part of the Eat Drink and the Freedom to Marry where they gave part of their proceeds to the defeat Prop 8 initiative.  A girl's gotta eat right?  Might as well be for a cause other than my thighs.So you walk in and you are immediately greeted by the person at the counter who directs us to a table where you fill out your own order.  The pasta possibilities are endless.  I myself got the wheat penne (helps me prevent carbo coma) with pesto, tomato marinara, and spicy marinara, turkey meatballs, bell peppers, onions, broccoli, mushrooms, and garlic.  I could have added ten more ingredients if I wanted for no extra charge.  It was fabulous.  Very tasty and more than enough.  I had to get some of mine to go.   Also the day we went they were handing out free brownies.  Could this meal get any better?  Well yes it could because they also carried my favorite wimpy beer MGD 64 for only $2.50.  Also the employee behind the counter checked on us often and was so cheerful and adorable that I wanted to take him home but he didn't fit in my to go box.  =(So I will be BACK and when I do I'm gonna show up dancing around, shaking my bootay and snapping my fingers.  VIVA PASTA!!!!!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,12/8/2008,87,76,18,13,13>I DROPPED HIM ON HIS HEAD After long and countless battles with my own clumsiness, my iphone died yesterday. After the final drop to the floor, as he lay there dying I felt an overwhelming panic consume me. Swirling derelict texts were surely making their lonesome sojourn to my old phone in vain. Surely, at any given moment, hundreds of people must be trying to contact me... What would I do now while waiting for the elevator in my apartment building, with no solitaire to play? What would I do when I saw a restaurant that I hadn't noticed before, with no YELP app to look it up? What would I do when I needed to do basic arithmetic, without my scientific calculator app? What would I pretend to be talking on so I could ignore the ubiquitous hobos and vagrants constantly trolling around my building? ( Oh, well I guess I could still use my dead iphone for that) The point being that I had no choice but to part with $230 to buy a new iphone (an upgrade to the 3G iphone though!). I went online to apple's website and preregistered and made an appointment to buy my new iphone. I made it for 6PM so I would have time to make it to Fashion Valley from where I work on Coronado after work. The online registration took about five minutes. And then I had to wait.... My afternoon at work took-well...all afternoon Luckily I still had a land line in my office or I surely wouldn't have made it. By some pre-Thanksgiving miracle, I made it to Fashion Valley and was parked by 5PM. I grabbed the book that I am reading (Three Cups of Tea...a great book so far!) since I knew I could be waiting a while. However, I was pleasantly surprised. I told one of the "concierge's" in the orange shirt that I was an hour early for my appointment and she pointed me to the back of the store and said it would be no problem. Once back there, one of their ubiquitous (this is my word of the day) worker bees came up and asked if they could help me. Literally ten minutes later I was walking out of the store with my new phone glued to my ear, ready to face all the elevators, hobos, and basic arithmetic the world had to offer.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,12/7/2008,301,336,14,12,14>The pun is the simplest and lowest form of humor for a reason. So you won't see me making any references to the name of this restaurant in my review.  Sorry, it just won't pho-king happen...oh crap...forget it.Anyway, Astrid and I were feeling really cold today and decided that we needed some Pho to warm our bones.  That's what's awesome about Pho on a cold day, it warms you up inside and out.  The chillies get your motor running while the steaming beef broth just does something alchemical to you.  I ordered the number 12 with well-done brisket and Astrid had the number 10 with well-done brisket, flank and meatball.  Mine was excellent and hers was good too, but there is just something weird about those meatballs.  I can't quite put my finger on it.  They taste the same everywhere, so I know it wasn't just this restaurant.  We also had a spring roll and the hot lemonade.  Our bill came to less than $20. Avoid the hassle with the waiters that don't speak English, just order by number.  Easy peasy.Oh BTW, Pho King is NOT the best name for a Pho place that I've seen.  There was a restaurant in Bellevue, WA named...Wait for it...What The Pho? yelp.com/biz/what-the-ph…
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,12/6/2008,102,157,12,13,14>I heard a lot about this place, like it's the oldest bar in SD going back to the 1800's. Or it's actually run by flamingos allied with George Michael in a cruel attempt to take over America. All rumors aside, this is a great little tavern with just the right amount of seedy atmosphere.When you look at the prices and drink selection it's pretty standard for any average bar. This place wins for having a laid back staff and clientele, a really nice break from the trendiness of all the new bars everyone goes to. They rock a good mix of young and old, and it's a friendly place to drink since it's not somewhere to go to look cool. Despite being in an old location they have plenty of seating, some pool tables, nice tvs, and free popcorn. It was fresh when I went there and was somehow spicy and buttery, which I haven't ever had before. Sputtery popcorn actually goes really well with beer.I like this place, I'll come back to hang out when I'm in the area. It's right down the street from the Casbah and sometimes you can find musicians grabbing a drink before they go perform.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2008,12/5/2008,204,144,19,18,18>Last Thursday was my birthday and I just happened to be walking by the front desk when this beautiful arrangement was being delivered.  I jokingly say, "Are those for me?"  Delivery guy: "Are you Melinda D.?"  Me: "Yes!" giggling excessively.  "Seriously?!"Delivery guy: "Yeah, that's what the card says."  Receptionist: "Duh, no one else has a birthday today.  Are they from your boooooooooooyffrieend?"Me: "No!! They are probably just from my Mom and sister.  They said last year they would send flowers."  I sign for the flowers and walk casually back to my office so all of my coworkers can ooh and aah over my flowers.   I set the flowers down and open the card.  They are *not* from my Mom and sister but my new beau.  Yeah, bitches, he sent me flowers on my birthday.  Everything about these flowers were awesome.  They were so fragrant you could smell them walking down the hall toward my office.  The main flowers were stargazers and with a few pink carnations along with other fragrant foliage decoration-type-stuff.   (Please see beautiful arrangement in local photos.)Good job.  I felt speshul.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2007,12/20/2007,249,153,10,11,13>There's something about the quasi-nautical feel of the low, wood ceiling in Scolari's Office that I just dig.  Could it come crashing down at any moment?  Sure.  It looks vaguely dangerous in a way that is appropriate for a dive.  Same goes for the dated furniture and decor.  Scolari's hasn't wasted money on anything crazy like renovations in the last 30 years, which authenticates its dive status, as does the clientele mix of equal parts hairstyles and heavy drinkers.  This is a classic neighborhood dive, so it's fitting that the customers would reflect the people living in North Park, right?  But the place isn't overwhelmingly hip--it has more of a dirtbag vibe.  If you feel way out of place, you're probably just a very nice person.Yes, there's live music and karaoke here weekly, so it's often loud.  I like Scolari's best when I'm there with only one other person--someone I'm comfortable leaning in closely to speak to at the bar.  It's most fun if it's also someone I can kiss, but that's not essential.  And if you sit at the bar all the bartenders are pretty decent--you shouldn't have to worry about attracting attention or begging for service; whoever's tending WILL ask if you're ready for another when your drink is low.  Cocktails are a good mix--plenty strong, but not to the point that you might as well order your booze straight up.  If I wanted it straight, I wouldn't have ordered a cocktail.A crowd or a scene--or even a crowd of scenesters--does not un-dive a dive bar.  Nor do the barstools have to stain your jeans for the place to qualify as dirty.  Scolari's Office is a grubby little dive bar, and to be honest, I wish I hit it more often.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,12/17/2007,162,455,19,9,8>I went to a FREE chocolate tasting here once...a long time ago. It was an hour of HOT CHOCOLATE SEX. The adorable gay manager gave us an extensive history lesson on chocolate and Godiva. And the best part...yes, of course...the FREE samples!We were all given three huge truffles AND a cup of thick Spanish hot chocolate...like the kind you dip your churros in and that makes your chest hairs stand up. But wait...oh no...it didn't stop there. After we were served, we were given a lesson on how to make love to our chocolate. Sound nasty? Yeah, baby! We were taught not to devour it, but first to look at it seductively...then to breathe in the sweet chocolate aroma...finally to take a slow bite and let the chocolate melt in our mouth. It was one big CHOCOLATE ORGY!And that, my friends, is the proper way to eat chocolate (at least according to the Godiva manager).UBER SEXY!
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2007,12/16/2007,39,8,2,4,3>Nothing is spared when it comes to making the ordinary the unordinary at 'The Guild' restaurant, not even the name. If you were to tell me that you worked at The Guild, I would immediately assume some shiek clothing store, dive bar, brewery, so on and so on, as opposed to a psuedo high-end restaurant/lounge. I would  then assume that it was in downtown - somehow wedged between the other one million restaurants so that you're left with too many choices, not nestled in the industrial zone of Barrio Logan (in this author's opinion perhaps the most culturally rich and underappreciated neighborhoods of San Diego). I would trip out at your uniform, consisting simply of a print T-shirt and blue denim, and at your stack of xeroxed menus, with the majority of items listing double-digit prices. It would be hard for me to imagine all this against the backdrop of leather, wood and steel tastefully strewn across the walls (there is also original urbanesque artwork for decor as well as for sale) and plush furniture, collectively giving a metal shop meets Bacardi ad look. Yet, somehow all of this works. Amidst the leather, wood, steel, denim and toner ink are smells, tastes, sights and sounds (very hip, discrete music) that please the palate for all the senses. What the food lacked in size it made up for in taste. I sampled four or five plates because i was in a party of five, although i would've happily devoured them all for myself being that the portions are so meager. But you can't help but forgive the kitchen staff for this - the food is that good. I especially enjoyed the Toyo Ito~Tuna Sashimi.It was presented in a metal tubing, which was removed by our waitress to reveal an intricate layering of cubed Ito~tuna, diced avocado, and wasabi foam sprinkled with sesame seeds and drizzled with sesame oil. The tuna was fresh, tender and robust. The wasabi foam was excellent - a finishing touch to the combination of flavors that together worked so well. As for drink, the El Quintanal Tempranillo red wine hit the spot.All in all i would say that The Guild is the perfect first-date spot - it makes a great impression upon the ladies, and assuming that the date goes well and you do more talking than eating, the whole issue of  the small portion entrees shouldn't be an issue...just make sure you both go for carne asada burritos later.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2007,12/15/2007,24,28,6,9,6>If James Bond had become a dentist instead of a secret agent, this would be his office. Dr. Dave at Coastal Dental Arts has been my dentist for about two years. The quality of service and technology they use in the office is simply the best. When x-rays are taken you get to see the results instantly on a flatscreen monitor next to your chair. If you are a big chicken when it comes to getting dental work done, never fear! Dr. Dave makes it very painless, and has a very gentle touch when doing a procedure. In addition, the dental hygienists are really thorough without making you feel like you just got your teeth cleaned with a pick ax. And the topper? They run a paperless office....which is pretty cool too. They might be a little more expensive than your current dentist, but the service and skills they have here make it worth a few extra bucks for a well maintained set of chops!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,12/14/2007,26,7,6,7,9>I must say what a beautiful view Island Prime has . A space like this one would think chock full at all times. I arrived and was told no wait for a table. I was not ready to have my dinner just yet as my dining companion had not arrived. So what I have here is an excuse to try one of the lovely drinks they have. I had the prime champagne cocktail. Delicious comes to mind. Very nice bartender and efficient at what he does.For our dinner starters we had Island Prime's seafood tower and tartare of filet mignon. Oh my goodness says it all. I wanted to just eat starters as they all looked so good. For entrees I had hazelnut crusted diver scallops, and once again I felt as it may as well be a mouth orgasm. They melted in my mouth. My companion had the west Australian lobster tail. I wasn't so sure about cheddar cheese on this dish, called bugs down under, but it worked out on the bite or three I was able steal.  I would recommend Island Prime to anyone, local or visitor. Great drinks and food.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2007,12/13/2007,371,261,21,6,12>After another raucous evening at the Clubhouse, my fellow Yelpaholics decided we needed greasy spoon sustenance in order to alleviate the pains caused by our rigorous practices (read "We got pretty towed up and needed something to soak up the alcohol.")This is how I found myself at Brian's in the wee hours of a Saturday morning.As a kid, I would always pass by this peculiar establishment on the way to my grandmother's doctor's office.  To be honest, I was more interested in The Crypt (the original location right next to Brians'), and only because I used to watch "Tales from the Crypt" back in the day.Anyway, I strode into this brightly lit establishment, pulled up a chair and plopped down at the end of the table where I was promptly handed a menu.  I took one look at the menu.  Just a look.  I didn't read anything because my mind was a jumble and I was busy talking all over the place about who knows what.  So I felt like a real jackass when the waiter came back and I didn't have an order yet.  In fact I even told him so:"I'm sorry, I'm a jackass.""It's fine."As the waiter walked away I flipped open the menu and perused the first page I saw.  The words "Italian" popped out at me.  Italian sausage with potatoes brian, cheese, egg and a biscuit.  A BISCUIT??  OH SNAP!"I'll have the 'Italian'!" I told the waiter the second time around.  "Sorry again."The next couple of minutes a blur.  I remember saying something to the extent of "Irish people freakin' love me, man!" at some point, and Erin told me "Oh Tony, I've never seen you like this before."  And I apologized.  I was so very apologetic that night.My food arrived in a ceramic skillet, which sat on a plate with my sweet biscuit sitting next to it.  I forked the first bite into my mouth and an explosion of cheese and sausage hit my senses.  Awesome.  How could this be topped off?By a buttery biscuit.  That biscuit was awesome.  So awesome that I decided everyone must partake of it.  In fact, I broke off pieces of it, passed it around the table declaring "Body of Tony."  This was after I tried to remember how to consecrate it.If I was on the threshold of Hell before that little bit of sacrilege, I believe that bit kicked me down to the 7th circle.I couldn't finish the food.  I drank too much water and I was pretty full half way through.  But as our waiter brought out the bill, I couldn't help but ask for another biscuit.He promptly brought it out on another dish with a to-go box.Congratulations, waiter.  Your 3-star establishment got an extra one because of your patience for a Irish-loving, sacrilegious  jackass.Apologies are in order for everyone in attendance.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2007,12/12/2007,54,95,2,6,7>High Dive is a great place to grab a burger and a beer, catch a game on the flat screens or meet some friends for an after work cocktail.  Kick back on the sunny patio, enjoy the hh specials and chat up the SUPER FRIENDLY & FUN staff!The food is really tasty.  They serve the usual bar/grill stuff like burgers, pizza, and salads BUT it just tastes a little better here for some reason.  I've heard breakfast is also great but I have yet to check it out-it's on my list!Patrons are friendly and the crowd is generally mellow -I think this is due to the location and it being more of a neighborhood bar.  You'll find people are on the 30+ side most of the time.  I  think it is also because they have a "no shot" policy.  They serve cocktails but don't serve shots in the hopes of keeping the nice mellow vibe they have going. Fine by me, there are more than enough college/beach bars in SD bursting with drunk and obnoxious 21 year olds.    With football season upon us, I have a feeling this place will be jam-packed on upcoming weekends but it's definitely worth a stop!**EDIT 9/15/07**Came back for breakfast and it was good but nothing spectacular.  Although, eggs, bacon and toast is not exactly a creative dish so maybe I'll try something else next time. :)  My hubby had the biscuits and gravy which he enjoyed but also said it wasn't life-changing or anything....just good. Prices were fair and service was great.  I'll give em another shot for breakfast but their pizza and burgers are definately better.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,12/11/2007,20,96,9,3,5>Taking a girl to the same place you went to with a different girl the night before is usually a bad idea...  unless it's Nunu's. Great spot for a date, especially on a weeknight, when getting a booth is easy.  Oh yeah, forgot to mention that the best part is running into your first date with the next one while you're wearing the same t-shirt from the night before.  Getting your drink spilled on you isn't so bad at this joint, cause, hell, it's cheap, and it's just dark enough that the gin and tonic stain isn't really noticeable. Yeah, it gets crowded on weekends, but so do most good bars.  Nunu's blends that early San Diego in the 70s feel with the, well, that San Diego in the late 70s feel. The booths are comfortable, I recommend getting one where the pleather is patched with duct tape. Honestly. The food is crap, but so what?
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/2/2007,12/10/2007,180,155,11,8,7>I'm the 1st to review!  I decided to take one star away because of staff attitude.  It was my first time there, and I needed some time to get my bearings, lady (rushing me is never good, b/c i will yelp you into oblivion.)  Plus, i was sicky sick sick.  We're talking, box-of-kleenex-on-my-person-everywhere-i-go sick, purse-full-of-sudafed-dayquil-lozenges sick.  Anyway, she was snippy and impatient (even though we were the only ones in the place.)I got a veggie sandwich (sprouts, tomato, cream cheese, provolone, avocado, lettuce) and it was yummers.  it reminded me of the one they once had at Hamburger Mary's, but don't have at Mo's.  On the side I ordered a cup of their soup of the day, which was chicken tortilla.  Food came out quick, in an adorable red basket.  Counter lady was being a degree nicer, perhaps due to the $2 is stuffed in the tip jar when i got my change.  My soup was in the cutest little ceramic bowl- i squealed, it was so cute... but HOT.  My tongue still gets phantom pains thinking of it.  Once the molten lava temperature calmed down, I got to enjoy the truly amazing substance in the best little bowl ever.  Fresh ingredients, such as carrots, celery, tomato, black beans, and delicious spices made up most of it, but it seemed to be lacking in two things: chicken and tortillas.  Minus another star.I will go here again, since it's close enough to my work for me to go, order, eat, and be back in 30-45 minutes.  The prices are also very agreeable with my usually fairly empty wallet.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2007,12/8/2007,90,253,3,4,7>While I miss the east coast like whoa, I can't get over SoCal's Filipino markets, especially Seafood City. Man.. just to get all this stuff back in New York, I'd have to ride on the subway for over an hour to Queens, load up at a bunch of different little stores, then drag it all back home. I'm getting lazy in my old age, and this place does it for me. Everything I would ever want is right here... well, except for my lola, who could actually cook all the things I only aspire to make.To get to the point: it's huge! it's clean! there's TONS of fresh fish! and check it-- they've even got kangkong!Even if you don't cook a damn, it's great to go in here, if only for the nostalgia of buying your shrimp chips and bottle of banana ketchup. Mmm... seriously, west coast Filipinos, you don't know how good you have it.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,3/3/2008,171,62,25,22,26>Dinner at Volare is like dinner with your big, Italian family.  That is, if your family consumes six carafes of wine, throws food at each other, crawls around under the table and then pops up to give you a kiss on the lips.  We may not be Italian, and we may not be family, but it sure felt like it last night at Volare.  Deano crooned in the background, cheap wine was consumed, and delicious food (as well as insults) was passed lovingly around the table. I was bossed around and made to feel like a lush.  If that doesn't spell family to you, I don't know what will.  The service was warm and the food (particularly the chicken and eggplant parmesan dishes) was hearty, simple, and delicious.  Kudos to the crew for staying open for us, drinking wine with us, and singing Volare with us.  I wanted to hug them all on my way out.  Volare, will you adopt me?
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,3/2/2008,639,492,11,11,10>This place never disappoints.  The service is always spot on and the food delish!!!  This time I had the steak tacos (tasty) and split a lobster dumpling appetizer with my friends.  The port wine reduction sauce that came with it was multi orgasmic.  I actually growled and bared my teeth when one of my friends reached for the last one.  If I hadn't been brought up as a lady I would have licked that damn plate clean.  WOOF.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2007,3/1/2008,4856,1798,16,15,11>Dr. Ward is the best.The people working in the office are really, really cool. Very friendly and they make your visit to the dentist extremely pleasurable. In addition to the top-notch dental work you'll receive...you'll also learn a plethora of rock knowledge from the man known as the Rock-a-Dontist!You see, Dr. Ward used to be a drummer on the Sunset Strip in the glory days of hair-metal (late 70's/early 80's). I can't remember the name of his band, but the people he ran with are classic! He's pals with all the dudes in Slaughter, RATT and Judas Priest as well as tight with the Morrissey camp, Ben Harper and Ozzy Osbourne! In fact, Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne offered Dr. Ward a job as his drummer after parting ways with Black Sabbath! He's got all sorts of stories about him...including one about having to carry a passed-out Ozzy Osbourne over his shoulder from a tour bus to his bedroom in England. Rad! However, after entertaining the idea of touring w/ Oz, he decided to put down the sticks for good and tackle the wild world of dentistry! Crazy...Dr. Ward isn't just about legendary rock stories... no, no, no! He does quality work as well. He graduated from USC and has been practicing for a loooooooong time. He hooked me up w/ some sweet veneers that (exaggeration warning) bring the ladies to their knees!If you're currently going to some crusty, lame-o ...I highly recommend you head to the Rock-a-Dontist. Life's too short to have a boring-ass dentist.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2008,2/29/2008,13792,257,39,101,97>Pacific Veterinary Service really impressed me.  I highly recommend Dr. Nagell and the staff for providing excellent service at a reasonable price.  Another customer in the waiting room heard it was my first visit and said "Dr. Nagell is the best, really!"  She was right.  He did an expert examination of my ferrell cat Abe, talked with me about the symptoms and then explained his diagnosis.  Abe has arthritis.  Dr. Nagell prescribed an anti-Inflammatory and Abe is doing well.   If you are reading this Yelp review in search of a good vet look no further, just call for an appointment and go.  I found him on Yelp and now you have too.My dearly loved cat Abe is a rescued ferrell and can be a handful.   When he goes into full protect mode the display of hissing is not simply a warning, trust me, he is not bluffing.  We rescued Abe as a very young kitty up in Camarillo about 7 years ago.  He was born under the trash dumpster behind the Camarillo United Methodist Church.  Abe gives a whole new meaning to "trailer trash."  We rescued him at six weeks old, just in time to turn him into a "bonded with us" pet.   With lots of touching and care Abe has turned into a wonderful pet (most of the time).Over the last six weeks I was growing more concerned about his displays of discomfort.  He seemed not to be himself.  I explained to Dr. Nagell that Abe was acting normal otherwise.  His exam discovered the problem without all the blood tests and x-rays that can quickly run up the bill.  Dr. Nagell actually advised this more conservative and cost effective treatment.  Clearly they are not out to just run up the cost.  In fact my visit and medication came to about $54.  I do suggest you call ahead for an appointment.  The office was pretty busy.  They worked me in to the schedule, greatly appreciated, but you may not be so lucky.  I uploaded some pictures of Abe.   You all know that the naming of cats is a difficult matter.  You may think me mad when I tell you a cat must have three different names.  First comes the family use daily name, Abe, a sensible everyday name.  His dignified name, that's particular and more dignified, is Abraham, yes, like in Genesis.  He is after all a church cat.  But above and beyond there's still one name left over and that is the name that you never will guess.  The name that no human research can discover but the cat himself knows, and will never confess.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2007,2/28/2008,179,116,8,8,10>Driving off my buzz from the Yo La Tengo show at the museum of Contemporary Art in La Jolla, I decided to take the PB scenic route home, down La Jolla Blvd.and east through Garnet. I was trying to talk myself out of buying a pint of ice cream to cap off the night, when I passed by Dolci Mango. This was a sign. I had to stop.It was 10:05 when I got to the door. Drats! The place closes at 10. "The machines are still on!" yelled the cute boy at the counter with a huge smile. I like this place already.I walk in, taste the 4 flavors (Mango sorbet, plain, peanut butter, and green tea). Green tea has that fresh taste akin to the ice cream, but I don't like the tartness to it, it just doesn't combine well to me. PB is like any peant butter yogurt, so I get a combo of plain and mango.I love this place for offering a dairy-free choice, and the mango is really tasty. I loved the taste of the plain, but the texture of both the mango and the plain was on the icy side, maybe because it was the end of the night?Cute boy told me to come back another time. umlemmethinkabouthat..yes.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,2/27/2008,158,91,7,9,8>Can I just reiterate how happy I am to be living in the North Park/Hillcrest area? That just makes Amarin close enough to walk to, and now I don't have to worry about trying to find parking.  But even before our move, I didn't mind driving around for 20 minutes looking for parking, or parking 4 blocks away just to dine here. It has beat out Celedon as my favorite Thai eatery in San Diego.  I love the ambiance, the always courteous staff, the DELICIOUS Tom Kah...and even how I still giggle slightly in my childlike mind after ordering my favorite dish...The PP Islands (seafood galore!)
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2007,2/26/2008,54,95,5,7,5>If Paul Bunyan was alive, I'm pretty sure he'd bring his date to the Tractor Room for dinner and drinks in hopes of getting a little action later in the evening. This place is unique and super cool, they do manly AND ultra-chic all at once!  The decor, the food and drinks and the service are all fabulous.  They have an AWESOME cocktail list-I spent a better part of my evening perusing the drink menu trying to decide what to order next before I was even done with the drink that was in my hand.  There are concoctions I've never heard of and would never think of throwing together in a glass but the Tractor Room pulls it off and names it something clever.As other reviewers have said, there is no shortage of meat on the menu.  But if devouring flesh such as buffalo or venison isn't your thing, there are plenty of sides, salads and apps to keep you veggies happy including the richest mac and cheese I have ever eaten.The service here is great too!  Everyone from the host to the bartender to the servers are friendly and attentive.  The Tractor Room is definitely worth checking out.  Grab a few friends and go!***EDIT 9/8/07***Came back for breakfast and the TR didn't disappoint!  Food and drinks were delicious and service was once again great.  Only thing I can think of to bitch about is that I'd like to see two or three more offerings on their breakfast menu.....It's not going to keep me from going back though- just a suggestion. :)
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2008,2/25/2008,249,153,12,18,16>I'm pretty sure this place is actually called "Marketplace LIQUOR & Deli" which is an important distinction.  If you expect a regular deli you might be disappointed.  But let me tell you, it's aptly named.  Part liquor store, part market, and part deli, Marketplace can pretty much satisfy all my weekend wining and dining needs.  Or at least my lunch, beer, and snack needs on game days.I certainly wouldn't go to a liquor store deli for vegetarian delights, but Marketplace makes some tasty, meaty sammies.  I know a BLT (try adding avocado--deeelish!) has about a million calories, and a Ruben sandwich has about a million and five, but FTW, they're delicious and a life without them is only marginally worth living.  Since I don't live in the neighborhood I don't feel a tremendous amount of guilt for eating here when I kittysit down the street.  They have a pretty decent beer selection--Stone and Rogue and Green Flash and Ballast Point and all the standards.  Hallelu!  I don't know if you've heard, but I like beer.  Good beer and a messy sandwich on a Sunday afternoon during football season?  I believe the ancients called it "fanfuckingtastic."  Food, drink, and the occasional emergency feminine supply or cold remedy--what's not to like?  I'm tempted to give them 5 stars for being outstanding in their category, but they use pre-cooked, microwaved bacon, and they don't automatically toast the bread for the BLT, so no dice.  Still, I'll be back.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2007,2/23/2008,56,50,2,3,2>Such a fun night here last night.  Great ambience, fun to gather around the grill and cook up your own meat.  Had the 8 oz filet which took a  while to cook but was worth the wait.  House salad and garlic bread yummy too.  There was an array of spices, etc at the grill and I thought...good lord, I have no idea what to do with these!  Fortunately the steak was marinated and my lack of creativity at the grill didn't matter...the steak was melt in your mouth DELICIOUS!Seems like servers would have more time to be more attentive due to us preparing our own food, but we were "looking" for our server a few times for various things.  Very reasonbly priced meal and fun place to celebrate my friend's birthday!  Looking forward to a chance to go there again!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2007,2/22/2008,177,149,9,17,10>My doctor was selected as the California Family Physician of the Year.  Can you say that???Give me a round of high-five's for Dr. Marin!!!She has a very amicable staff.  She shares her office with Dr. Christine Eros and a very cool nurse practitioner Suzie Seidler. I am a chicken.It's called fainting at the mention of needle, let alone the sight of one.In my 5 yrs since I have moved to SD and was referred to this medical group, I have over-come my fear.The Doctors cruise around with small laptops which hold your entire file.  They really sit there and explain to you what the issue is (such as this chick's non-working metabolism which would result in high sugar levels - pretty ironic for a sugar artist, huh?) and welcome your questions.  They are very direct and don't sugar-coat things if you are not cooperating w/your treatment yet down to earth and encouraging when you are.I'd want nothing less.When I called in that I had strep throat and was in Los Angeles, they made it a point to have my prescription called in right away for my convenience. If I have ever called with a question or last-minute-visit request, they listen AND call you back.  The entire staff is great at their jobs.  I highly recommend this doctor.  I know that sometimes Dr. Marin can't take new patients, you might want to check.  In the meantime, I'll be the tall chick lying down while her blood is drawn (with the nurses making fun of her - yeah......like they wouldn't).
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,5/12/2008,371,261,19,19,23>I'm a big fan of mob movies.  I must've seen the entire Godfather series about 7 times back to back to back.  Am I proud of this?  Not particularly, but that's beside the point.For all you mob movie novices, here's a quick primer.  Every mob movie has a scene that features people eating food or is set in a restaurant.  A good mob movie has several scenes that feature food and/or scenes set in several restaurants.  But the BEST mob movies have scenes where the characters talk about how to prepare the food.Case in point: The scene in the Godfather where Clemenza shows Michael how to make pasta sauce.  CLASSIC.  Or when Henry Hill describes Paulie's secret to excellent sauce in Goodfellas.  I've actually tried some of these "tips" and I'll be damned if those sauces weren't some of the best I've ever made.What does any of this have to do with Volare?  Remember the scene where Michael makes his bones at Louis' Restaurant in Brooklyn?  Volare reminds me of Louis'.  The aroma that hit me as I opened the door informed me that the food was going to be damned good, but upon entering and seeing the couple of rows of tables and the spare clientele, I was suddenly sucked into the movie.  Was this it?  After all this time, was I finally going to be wacked by this blond assassin?We were seated after a short wait and handed our menus.  The lingering sense of dread I felt since walking through the door hung over me, so much so that I was afraid to ask what was good on the menu for fear that the answer would be "Try the veal.  It's the best in the city."The meal was simple enough - spaghetti and meatball, spaghetti and lasagna, salad, garlic bread, and vino (I had a nice key-an-tee sstsstsstsst).  So imagine my shock and awe upon tasting my first fork full.  An explosion of flavor!  I was reborn!I see myself coming out of the womb!  Why is my mother Monica Bellucci?  Here is my mother preparing dinner in front of the hearth!  Here is my father coming home from fishing for the day!  Here we are enjoying dinner!  But what's that noise?  Oh no, the local mafia chieftain is coming for my father!  Nooooooo!!!!!Ok, so the experience wasn't exactly that great (and why does the mafia chieftain always have to come for MY father?), but it came pretty close.  I love the ragu - not Ragu - they use, which is slightly sweet and really garlicky.  It was enough to make a man swear that he would marry the cook to eat this every day.So the meal's over.  We're both satiated and the conversation is good.  The bill comes out and is surprisingly cheap.  That's great.  Then the blond assassin stands up and declares "I'm going to go to the bathroom."  My initial fears suddenly crash back on me like a tidal wave.  I'm gonna go out like McCluskey and Sollozzo, and I don't even know why.Fortunately, upon her return there was no Saturday Night Special hidden away in her purse.  The food was so good I ended up going back there with our own version of the mob.  The pizza was good, the wine was pouring down like rain (literally) the Eggplant Parm was good and this time I didn't have a strange sense of foreboding, even though I probably should've considering the amount of wine spilled and the amount of noise we were making.Volare has made a big impression on me.  A down home mom and pop Italian joint tucked away in the middle of nowhere is my kind of place to hide away.  I wouldn't even mind getting assassinated here, so long as I get to eat first.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2007,5/11/2008,171,62,18,15,17>Is it fair to review a bar based on the cute boy factor?  I think so.  In that case, Surf and Saddle gets one star for the one cute boy there.  Okay, okay... I know I have to take more into account than that, but truly there was not much more.  Jukebox is a plus and so is the classic game, "Photo Hunt."  Those two combined get it one more star.  My vodka cran was practically clear, so that clearly warrants another full star.Yep. Three stars is about right.  Not horrid, not great.  The company was 5 stars though, all the way!
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,5/10/2008,141,90,7,10,5>New Yorkers will hate this place.So I'm not going to lie, Lefty's is the jam! True I am a west coaster, but my Polish pops was born in Chicago and I've taken in at least 125K calories in that fair city so I'd like to think I have a decent clue. First, don't come here expecting Lou Malnati's (for you windy City kids I'll speak to you in a second). But for SD, a town more known for Carnitas than pizza, Lefty's got's it. I always go for the 'Monsters of the Midway' with Pepperoni, sausage, goodfellas-thinly-sliced garlic, and my fave--the giardinera. It does take at least 35 minutes to prepare, but f*ck it, with $2 PBR pints, I'll wait. The crust is nice, with corn meal a plenty, firm and soft at the same time (I don't get it either). Great toppings, and a healthy amount of cheese, but the sauce is king. Chunky and simple, it plays well with the spice of the giardinera. Expect a little chi-town attitude, buts it's more funny than anything, plus homeboy behind the counter is kool to you once you come back a few times and know the drill. Seating is ltd. so you may have to hawk over a young portly couple on a date until your blank stares at their pie drive them to leave.Now to my Chi-Town haters: IF ABSOLUTELY NO PIZZA IN SD WILL EVER COMPARE TO HOME, Lefty's probably has the best Italian Beef in town (f*ck 'Chicago on a Butt' in UTC). The Gonnella rolls are crusty and soft, while the beef is never dry. Add cheese, Peppers and onion and you're back at Portillo's. Even my boy from the South Side raves over the beef, aside from the fact that they are 'Flubs' fans.Overall I'd give it a 5 since the beer is so cheap, especially when I want pizza I have to eat with a fork. I'd hit Hoboken or Bronx if you want it thin.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,5/9/2008,489,211,50,26,30>I don't know what to say.It was scary.Any man that says he's not scared is lying.We landed just before nightfall. We hadn't received our orders yet so we had to stay put... for now anyway. Not one of us could possibly have known what was to become of us. We were young, green, inexperienced. Many of us still virgins, though none would admit it.What were we waiting for? I bummed a smoke to calm my shaking hands. Yeah, I'd been in it before but this night was different. The smell of powder filled the air as the vibrations pounded and rumbled under our feet. Finally the order came. We scrambled, we ran, we tripped into the darkness as they waved us through. Go get em boys.  Give all you got!!!   And so we did. At first we encountered little resistance but we all knew it would get costly. They opened up their guns, then their cannons. In the confusion we had forgotten our cannons but not our guns. I don't know if it was the sound or the blinding lights but nobody dared raise their rifle. Petrified stiff, we fell into a fox hole. Tony wasn't moving. Without thought, I grabbed one of them and threw her on top of Tony. She was obviously well trained for the one on one combat. Tony forgot all about his basic training in hand to hand combat and was captured immediately. Later as reinforcements arrived we began to overcome. I would name names but each and every one of us was a hero. As I glanced around I noticed a pole and quickly climbed it for a better view. Holding on with all my might I was unable to control my slow descent. Had anyone seen me? At the time I didn't care. I threw a wad in their direction to distract them as it went off like a tossed salad in an all you can't eat buffet. The explosion must have knocked me unconscious because when I came too, I was alone and out of amo. I'll never forget that night at Pure Platinum, but the question is will they forget me?
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,5/8/2008,4856,1798,66,35,34>As many of you know...I'm totally buff. I'm really strong with huge-normus muscles. I can crush walnuts between my butt cheeks and smash Pepsi cans with my biceps. Sometimes, when I've been been gettin' my Gym on a little too hard, I need the soft touch of a gentle giant to soothe my bulging boulders. That is all complete nonsense...but the point here is, I got a sweet massage from a dude the other day at Knot Stop.It's actually the second time I was rubbed out by a guy at the 'Stop. Sure that sounds gross, but I don't care. My body loves me right now.The first time I was in there, this guy named Christian hooked me up with an incredible deep tissue massage. To quote the great Ice Cube..."it was so deep, it put my ass to sleep." OK...maybe not an exact quote, but I'm paraphrasing. My second go-around was even better. This fascinating guy named Jeff had the honor of rubbin' down the Rug Doctor. I guess he was a civil engineer and put together some big projects in San Diego...including the erection of Petco Park.Did I really just use the word erection in a review about a guy rubbing my body with hot massage oil? I guess I did...Anyway, he was a trip. He totally dismissed the suit and tie for a career as a masseuse. A pretty bold move if you ask me. However, after the massage he gave me, I'm glad he left his previous profession. That shits felt grrrrrrrrrrrrrreat!I've only had a handful of rub-downs in my day...and there weren't too many happy endings (not that kind). I've been more than satisfied with my two visits to the Knot Stop and I'll most definitely be back for more.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2007,5/7/2008,54,95,,12,9>LISTEN UP CHOCOLATE LOVERS!  North Park/University Heights is now home to Eclipse Chocolat!  If you have not had the pleasure of sampling this San Diego-based company's delectable treats you are missing out!  To give you a better idea of what  Eclipse is all about, here is a blurb from Will, the owner and head chocolatier's blog...."Established in 2004, Eclipse specializes in creating exotic chocolate infusions in truffles, solid bars, and other exciting confections. Eclipse strives to expand the boundaries of chocolate flavors while operating in an eco-friendly manner and donating 10% of its annual net profit to the the development of local and regional non-profits and charities."The Eclipse Cafe just opened this week and is filled with delicious and unique chocolates!  I popped in for a chocolate fix and was lucky enough to meet Will, the owner.  He was welcoming and friendly.   We chatted a bit about his exciting new venture and he suggested a few seasonal chocolate pieces for fall.  I chose two types of chocolate bark-pumpkin and gingerbread, as well as one of his unique chocolate bars-a sea salt and chocolate nib studded bar made with 50% cocoa.  All three of these were unbelievable!  Rich and complex  flavors balanced with creamy but not overly sweet cocoa.  Unfortunately, he didn't have my favorite Eclipse treat this time around-exotic salted caramels.   These caramels are seriously addictive!  Buttery caramel enrobed in milk and dark chocolate sprinkled with sea salt that has been infused with flavors like chile and lavendar. Will assured me they would have some in the near future but they are very labor intensive and with the opening of his cafe, he hasn't had the extra time to make them.Support unique local businesses in San Diego!  Go check out the new Eclipse Cafe and sample some delicious, creative chocolate treats!
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,5/6/2008,158,62,13,15,14>We've all been through the regular addictions of life right? First it was BlowPops and Bubbaliscous bubblegum, then down the slippery slopes of life to crack and heroine...well, kick the slide ride and come here for their sweet potatoe fries...yum...My better lookin' half brought me here on Sunday for some brunch because all the places that served lox were closed...shame on them...Neither of us had actually been there, but as we were standing outside we were overcome with the flavorful descriptions listed on their menu and the faint up-beat music coming from their patio area.  Led by our noses and imaginations we opened the door and waited to be seated.  A couple minutes later after the 2 couples in front of us were seated we were brought to our table outside.  This is the place you want to be on a beautiful day...or anyday if you are hungry...She ordered the Portabella Mushroom Benedict and I, the 4 cheese grilled cheese sandwich with tomato-bisque and sweet potato fries...Our tastebuds jumped, stomachs sang, tongues jigged, noses lusted as we shared both plates in a feverish fashion...me thinks i may taste again for want of these tasteful morsels...Seriously, I wouldn't be surprised if their food could bring peace in the middle east...and for the future reference, "I told you so" Thanks Urban Solace...may the ground you walk be worshipped by all those who use food for protien synthesis...Also for you northerners (berkeley, SF, SJ, LG, et cetera), who may be familiar with Americana sundays at places like Jupiter up north, Sundays here have bluegrass...and it's alot harder to find down in SD...but the BG was pretty good when I was here...
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,5/5/2008,70,72,12,9,9>I needed a code red, all alert, emergency haircut after a disastrous clash of scissors and hair at supercuts at the beginning of the week. (No judging. I was broke, okay?) In my hour of need, I turned to yelp, which led me to Fresh. I was desperately hoping that this wouldn't be some kind of fema style half-ass emergency relief. Luckily, my stylist, Mimi, seemed well-versed in disaster response. She took one look at my pathetic bob and got to work. She really took the time to understand what I wanted, and added some fun ideas of her own. She was friendly and easy to talk to. My style ended up being edgy and fun, and it definitely pushed the envelope of what I wanted. Plus, Fresh is located in an adorable little green cottage. While other salons may be edgier, Fresh is un-intimidating, homey, and welcoming while still retaining an upbeat, fun vibe. My only complaint is that they don't seem to pick up their phone often, which makes it a little difficult to schedule an appointment. But they were able to squeeze me in the same week that I called, so it wasn't a big deal.Most importantly, I left Fresh looking my age and my gender, which is more than I can say of my appearance when I entered. Success!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2008,5/4/2008,896,283,28,35,29>Q: How does the worst daughter become the best daughter?A: By buying her mom roses- DUH.----------------------------------My mom's birthday was yesterday,but because I suck, and was sick, and forgot to charge my deadcell phone-I didn't even call/visit her for her birthday.*pls don't stone me*How the heck was I going to redeem myself? *Que Superman Theme*DUN DUN DUN DUN....Matt H to the rescue!!!!After Matt's stellar review and recommendation on a threadyelp.com/topic/san-diego…I decided to give them a call and order my mom herfavorite- red roses.I went to pick them up after work today (at quarter to 7), and Chanel welcomed me in. I looked at their business hours and it said theyclose @ 6. Serving customers past business hours- that's going above and beyond the call of duty. Chanel was super cool (she has a dope English accent), and the rose arrangement far surpassedmy expectations. For a dozen long stemmed red roses artfully and tastefully done- it was 59 bucks ($64 incl. tax).I gave her $70 and said to keep the change, and she's so nicethat she didn't want to take it- but I insisted.The look on my mom's face once she gets a load of this will be worth it.-------------------------------------Timeless Blossoms is in the Arby's parking lot.-It would be a good idea to call ahead so she can have your orderready upon pick up.-Delivery is available-----------------------------------When I told Chanel I was from Yelp, she was uber happy-she said someone had come in before me and ordered a $200 arrangement and chose her based on Matt's review.Give them your business- I know I will ;)
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2008,5/3/2008,158,91,10,14,14>I like to come here for the following reasons:- I can stumble home just fine.- Drinks are STRONG and reasonably priced- The nightly lounge acts- The decor - epitome of lounge.  And I'm not talking ultrahip lounge of today, but the lounge your parents or grandparents remember.Last night, we took a couple friends from out of town here to enjoy the night's entertainment - a two piece band of grandpas.  One armed with a trumpet, the other tickling the ivories.  The service was great - I never had an empty glass.  Food is so-so (I had the grilled cheese sandwich because steak just seemed to heavy for the night).  But the best part was seeing the old folks.  I have a soft spot for old people.  Really.  I would hope that when I'm that age, I would have the energy to go out and play a gig at a bar, show the younguns how to do the jitterbug (or in my case, it'll probably be the C-Walk or Harlem Shake).  This bar is definitely worth checking out for them alone.  I was serenaded by and old chap in a Cosby sweater and flat cap, and before I left, he handed me a white rose.  Sometimes it's nice to be able to take a break from your hectic life to appreciate simple things like that.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,6/27/2010,910,555,9,10,9>So I REALLY DID go to Dumpling Inn after I updated my review this past Saturday.  Got there on a Sunday afternoon around 2:30pm and had to get my name on the waiting list.  WE WAITED OVER AN HOUR!  The folks that had been waiting when we first arrived got in and finished dining before we even  sat down!  I was really debating whether to dine elsewhere, however, my boyfriend and I were adamant about getting our dumpling fix that day.We overheard the people next to us talking about their favorite dish: sea bass with black bean sauce so we decided to order that, too.  We had two choices: dinner size sea bass and one plate of XLB or lunch size sea bass and two plates of XLB!  Of course, we got TWO plates of XLB and the lunch sized sea bass. =)  I told you I always have to have my own plate!Unfortunately, the dumplings didn't have as much broth as before.  Usually, when I pop the precious little dumpling onto my soup spoon, it fills the spoon ALMOST to the tip!  But this time, it only met me halfway. =(  I was very sad.  No, you don't understand.  Very sad.  I'll get over it.  Hopefully this won't be the case next time. =(Onto the sea bass!  Again, lunch portions are pretty small but we just wanted a taste so it was enough for us.  The black bean sauce was so amazing that I made sure to smother every piece of sea bass in it!.  This entree went perfect with the side of rice!  I'm so glad I was eavesdropping on that conversation that led to this discovery!  Recommended?  Highly!
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,6/26/2010,4165,809,28,27,26>$$$$$$$ 40.00$$$$$$$ RESTAURANT WEEK! $$$$$$$ 40.00 $$$$$$$A lot of RestaurantWeek deals, if you look carefully at the regular menu vs the RW one, aren't that great of a deal.  But here you are getting a great deal, in my case $75 worth of food for $40!Beautiful classy environment, gorgeous views, and great, friendly, speedy service!  Reminded of the movie "Pretty Woman" where Richard Gere takes the hooker Julia Roberts to that fancy dinner-business meeting, and she flings escargot at the waiter. 1st Course: Escargots and Frog Legs(regularly $15), hadn't had this in years so I just had to...it was soaked in bowl of liquified garlic, butter and herbs, deliciousness! 2nd Course: 8oz NY Steak(10oz version is regularly $49.50!)...I think this is quite possibly the best steak I've ever had...though I learned that I am not a fan of bone marrow...gross!  Wife got the lamb...its was decent, but the steak is so much better!3rd Course: Chocolate Fondant(regularly $10)...That Crazy Cheap Chocolate Whore(aka Julia Roberts) inside of me was more than satisfied...I'll definitely be back for next Restaurant Week in September, I can't afford to eat here normally.  You still have until Friday the 29th to get this offer...do it NOW! And invite me! ;-)PS: Why is there an "EARTHQUAKE" BUTTON in the elevator? Claustophics might want to use the 12 flights of stairs!PS2: "Did I mention, my leg is 44" from hip to toe. So basically we are talking about 88" of therapy, wrapped around you for the bargain price of $3000 dollars." - Vivian(Julia Roberts), Pretty Woman 1990
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,6/24/2010,255,128,9,13,12>These guys are smart. I'm sure they were thinking that majority of people have a bread roll with their pasta anyway. So why not just put the 2 together? DING!!! (a light bulb comes on!)...Introducing the TORPASTA! - A hollow garlic roll stuffed with pasta.With a big appetite, we hit this place on a not so busy Monday afternoon. Not a big joint but it's got a friendly vibe going on. Staff gave some good recommendations since we were noobs to the place.Got the 12" Meat Lover's Lasagna Torpasta and realized quickly it was too much for one sitting. Inside was a hefty amount of pepperoni, ground beef, sausage, and piping hot pasta. Definitely a handful of carby goodness!The wife picked up the 6" Divino and me sista grabbed the 6" Pesto and Sundried Tomatoes. I snuck in a quick bite of their grub and they were money. Pasta was de-lish and flava-ful. Can't go wrong with that.I'm going to say that there's a high probability that you will get full here. By the time we were done, we could all feel that food coma setting in. Had to loosen a couple notches on the belt. Even the wife was doing the Al Bundy hand in the pants technique.Yeah it was that good!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,6/23/2010,204,144,16,19,16>Bonnie Jean's was this weeks Groupon special.  $15 for $30 worth of food- I'm in!!!   We arrived a little after 6 and they were about ready to close but accommodated us with great service and a great meal.  Everyone from the cook to the owner are all really friendly.  They even take special requests for NON-sweet tea.  Delicious fried jalapeno macaroni and cheese to start.  Fried chicken.  Smothered fried pork chops.  Fried okra.  Black eyed peas. Mashed potatoes and gravy.  Jalapeno corn bread.  Did I mention the fried jalapeno  macaroni and cheese? Diet is not applicable on Sundays.  Or on Monday when eating the scrumptious left overs.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,6/22/2010,804,248,21,21,22>I walked by here last night and my jaw nearly dropped. Why? All I can say is huge plasma TVs! Everywhere...everywhere...everywhere! I would say I had the same reaction similar to how Carrie Bradshaw would have about seeing a window display of Manolo, Dior, and Jimmy Choo shoes. Just gawking. I worked in downtown before and for some crazy reason... seriously, how have I managed to overlook this place? I read on here there's 11... E-lev-en HD TVs!! /sigh So perhaps this isn't a review to weigh your options on since I hadn't actually sat inside. But until then, all I can say, as a sports bar lover......you had me at High Definition Plasma TVs.And I'm assuming you serve Miller Lite. =)
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2009,6/21/2010,720,560,16,21,18>Welcome to Mission Hills!Ever since Phil's BBQ closed and the little leaflet indicated that Lefty's was moving in, I have been anticipating their opening.  After a long wait it is finally open and now I have a close place to get simple items such as a Chicago hot dog, Maxwell Polish and authentic Chicago Pizza.As soon as Jason B identified that they are now open (although only 5-9 pm for dinner), when we were trying to decide our Friday evening meal, we immediately thought Leftys.  The first night and we ordered not their main namesake but something we craved for that night, pesto pasta, chicago style polish and cheese fries.  I guess there are pluses and minuses to this joint.  First the minus, the hours certainly not conducive for a pizza and hot dog joint even on weekends.  The service is still rough although ours was takeout, it is still a wait to get your order.  Pluses, the fresh pizza, the avaialability of a hot dog nearby that is not native to SD.  And just the reminder, you can never forget where you came from.  As more places open up in Mission Hills, it will be a welcome addition.By the way we ordered the thin crust pizzas, veggie and monster of the midway the next day, and they were as Tony the Tiger says...GREAT!!!!!!!!I wish I could say a more humorous anecdote regarding the place but I am not just that type of reviewer.  The remodel of the inside space is definitely bigger than when it was Phils BBQ.  Hopefully in the future there will be an outdoor space (patio) and they have applied for a liquor license which is a neccessity when you are having hot dogs and pizza for your dinner.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,6/20/2010,87,142,11,14,12>Parking is about to get a little harder in OB.  Thank goodness I live within drunken stumbling distance.I'm really excited to have Pizza Port and their beers making their home in OB.  The location they took over was never a decent business, honestly Boll Weevil why would you open around the corner from Hodad's, and Pizza Port has put some effort to stick around long term.Dont get me wrong, I love old shool OB, but the jig is up and the tourists have found OB.  It would have been nice to keep OB like OB of 10 years ago, but we are never getting that back and I say if I have to suffer through the summers and weekends where Zonies invade like locusts I might as well be able enjoy quality beer (BREWED IN OB!) and pizza.Awesome $3 pints most nights of the week, and that is when you will find me there; not on Saturday afternoon (unless they move the Strong Ale Festival) fighting the crowds...
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2010,6/19/2010,314,412,22,15,16>Zoom Zoom Drift DriftWho the heck are those girls in the Honda Civic driving around this shopping center with a Planned Parenthood on one side and Little Caesar's Pizza on the other? Can we go this way?No, it's an exit.Who are those guys just STANDING there?"Where's the entrance of this place?"/puts car in reverse"Omg. We're going to die." --2 P.M. on a Thursday afternoonPeople here CANNOT park. Decided to take up two parking spots(so what if it's not a German car) because that's what everyone else was doing.The entrance faces the Planned Parenthood.Beauty Supply Warehouse has tinted windows ALL OVER. A red building with yellow trimming catering to your hair/beauty needs.Need a wig? Supplies for your next weave? -- not a joke. Faux hair heaven.Didn't look around, because we were kind of in a hurry.Got the clips we needed which were behind the counter. $5 and some odd change for 12 clips, not bad.The men working there...yes men, were helpful.Will return, not alone, and with a taser in my pants. (just kidding)
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,6/16/2010,157,163,13,16,15>One word: WOW.Wow for the delicious, mouth-watering, deep-dish Chicago pizza that now fills my dreams.Wow for the soft, warm cinnamon knots that put Cinnabon to shame.Wow for the friendly service of the employees who will go the extra mile to be hospitable.And a big wow for Scott, the owner, who truly wants to delight each and every customer to walk in.Go for great food, go to hang out with friends, go to watch a game on one of their 3 flat screens, go for a drink... the food, people, and atmosphere make this one sweet pizzeria!I've never had pizza in Chicago, but after visiting Sweet Home Chicago Pizza, I feel no need to.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,6/15/2010,352,132,16,19,17>I hail from the Zion of BBQ, and I'm quite proud of that. To say that I'm a snob when it  comes to BBQ would be like saying Tiger Woods is a little promiscuous. Keeping that in mind, I think Phil's melted my brain with all it's insanely delicious food.The ribs were nearly fall-off-the-bone tender and saturated with the BEST (yes, seriously) BEST sauce I've had west of the Mississippi, possibly the best I've had outside of my beloved Mason-Dixon line. Cole slaw, onion rings, and fries are among the best I've had ANYWHERE as well. Speaking from extensive personal experience I can say that Phil's would hang close if not surpass many of the BBQ places in any of the many Southern Meccas of bar-be-que, even cities like Memphis and Atlanta. As far as food goes Phil's is far beyond anything I expected to find in San Diego when it comes to authentic BBQ. Impressed is an understatement. I can most certainly see where all the hype surrounding this place comes from. My only regret is that I didn't try it before now.Of course I've got to put my two cents in concerning beer fare. Phil's offers San Diego's finest on tap in the "Beer-be-que". They also offer bottles of other great San Diego breweries in the unlikely event they don't have anything you want on tap.I have two minor, minor problems:1. No cornbread.2. No REAL sweet tea.This doesn't change my opinion of Phil's at all.Other than that, this is as perfect BBQ as you can get in San Diego and stacks up well with anything I've had period.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,4/5/2014,297,123,22,24,23>A liquor store that sells craft beer, craft beer glasses and they are organized with numbers!!!! Yeeeeeeessss!!!!They sell all types of liquor not just beer, but I come here because I just love organized places as much as I love beer. After my husband brought me in for the first time I was blown away by the organization and they have all my favorite beers. A huge plus is that we bought a couple of beer glasses for our collection at very cheap prices.  I never mind making the beer rounds, and now I'm always exited to come here because not only do I walk out with tasty beverages but also with a new glass! Whoohooo !!!It's a family owned and operated and they are all very sweet. They have helped me with some selections and suggested some great beers too. Don't be afraid to venture off to new tastes, just tell them what you like and they'll be more than happy to help you out. All the fellas might want to come through their back entrance. They have a special display of pictures that you might appreciate wink wink ;)
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,4/4/2014,741,244,9,23,17>So glad they extended the exhibit through to March 9th 2014 and I was able to visit it this weekend. I've been a huge fan of Frida Kahlo's work for over 20 years when a friend of mine gave me a book about her.  Ever since than I've tried to read whatever I can find on her.  Visiting this exhibit brought tears to my eyes, It was like seeing an old and dear friend.  123 replicas in the size and style that Frida painted, replicas of her clothing, jewelery and even her Bed that she spent a lot of time in when she was bedridden. I would recommend purchasing the audio device, my friend got the pamphlet and I got the audio.  She spend a lot of time reading instead of listening and looking at the paintings.  If you check in with the Yelp app and show the front door person you can get in & get the Audio for $18 instead of paying $16.50 for admission and $5 for the audio.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,4/3/2014,1142,2218,13,22,20>Everything that we've tried at SE is delicious.Most recently we came for breakfast and I ordered the Spinach and Mushroom [toasted bagel with egg, spinach and mushroom] $4. The portion is very generous and the breakfast sandwich is filling. What I failed to request is for my bagel to be well done as I like my bagel sandwich nice and toasty. BUT THAT WAS MY BAD...I've also tried their sandwich that is comparable to a Banh Mi as well as their Thanksgiving sandwich, which is BOMB! Probably one of my fave sandwiches here. The service is always fast and friendly. Small hole in the wall with lots of character as the interior. Must try for good and fresh sandwiches!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,4/2/2014,55,140,34,28,22>My family is from the very Deep South...like 50 miles south of New Orleans...Deep South.  I've simply resigned myself to the fact that authentic southern cooking will remain a rarity in So Cal; that is until ACME opened up.  This place is the real deal; the cheesy grits, red beans, mac and cheese, pulled pork, fried chicken (on waffles or biscuits) are all completely legit.  The place is brand new but the service is already working well.  The atmosphere is a fun fusion of country farm house meets industrial loft; very cool.  Go check this place out!One word of caution...Have you ever been to the Deep South? Take a good look around.  People are really fat; like crazy ass fat.  That's not a generalization, check it out for yourself.  Cities in Texas, South Carolina, Alabama, and Louisiana routinely make the list of the most obese cities.  Southern food is really bad for you.  I can virtually guarantee that if you eat an appetizer, full entre, two sides, and a dessert, you'll feel like complete crap; like begging for a pepto and Alka-Seltzer smoothie kind of bad.  Take things easy and take some time with it and you'll have a great time.  Over indulge and eat too quickly and you'll be bummed.  Consider yourself warned :-)
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,4/1/2014,491,894,7,8,7>Cool staff. Did a walk in one day and one of the doctors bent up by frames for me for free as they kept slipping off my face at work. It's amazing the difference a little tweaking makes to the frames.Badass inventory setting themselves apart from other optical shops giving that balance between unique but still appropriate for everyday wear. And they feature Kate Spade. Need I say more?
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,3/31/2014,65,222,10,13,13>Went here Saturday and bought two dozen doughnuts and some sprinkled doughnut holes for the football team....It is nice to see the consistency at this place is still the same if not getting better...THIS IS THE BEST DOUGHNUT SHOP IN SAN DIEGO.... I don't even live in the area... but when it is time for doughnuts... IT IS TIME FOR MARY'S.... check your self and eat a doughnut...a MARY'S DOUGHNUT....Oh and did I forget to mention their customer service is off the chain? yeah they are nice too...
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,3/30/2014,189,196,10,15,10>Came here last night right before closing, so glad they were still happy to seat us. They seated us immediately, water and bread was out pretty quick. The marinara sauce to compliment the bread was delicious. The bread rolls alone were to die for. The inside was super fluffy and the outside wasnt to hard (I hate when the crust is so hard that I can't eat it).We got the squid ink linguine with scallops and substituted it with sausage for the shrimp. Mmmhh their sausage was sooo delicious! We also got the risotto nero. I was surprised at how generous the portions were for both dishes! The risotto had plenty of scallops and calamari pieces. It was amazing! I was very happy that we didn't have to wait long for the food to come out because we were starving! Oh I forgot to mention that we also got the burrata (yes, we're fat). It was the best burrata I've ever had! Over a bed of garlic-y spinach and warm cherry tomatoes, oh mannn. I could've probably had that for my entree and been perfectly satisfied! We actually had too much food. lol I ended up only eating about 1/4 of my main dish and took the rest home. Def one of my favorite Italian restaurants! Service was amazing btw!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,3/29/2014,548,308,9,10,10>I love whiskey. I love the taste, the tradition and the general badassery that comes with drinking an old fashioned.Unfortunately Whiskey doesn't feel the same way about me. If I were a cartoon while drinking whiskey I would be an a pink elephant in high heels balancing on a beach ball. Nothing good can come of it. With that said, that doesn't keep me out of Seven Grand. They do have a great beer selection after all. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and studly. The space is divided and has room for a band in the back with a more intimate area up front and two large bars. Side note: I blame not being able to drink whiskey on my poor Buck Hunter skills. Because they clearly go hand in hand and it has nothing to do with my poor hand eye coordination.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,3/28/2014,352,196,8,18,13>Alright, Yelpers! Just shut me up when you can prove me wrong that Cucina Urbana hits one of the top best restaurants in San Diego! I cannot believe that I've lived here for 2 years and never took a chance to eat here. I made a reservation through Open Table (on my Yelp mobile app) for four at 9:00 pm on a Labor Day Saturday. Yikes! It was obviously going to be busy, but to top it off, I had to add another person to my party, so I called Cucina Urbana and asked Maria if I could squeeze one more person, and she gladly made the arrangement :) Yay!Now to get to the good stuff! They have more wine that you could think of! Amazing selections at amazing prices. They have house cocktails and lots of beers. Open bar, of course, but still a nice selection of non-alc beverages for someone not looking to get too crazy.After the waiter (I wish i got his name) laid out the specials, we ordered the Parmesan/Garlic Loaf and Family Size Arugula Salad. Both were yum! The dressing on the salad complimented the bitter arugula and the two loaves that came in the order were paired with a yummy sun-dried tomato pesto!For dinner we got the famous and popular Short-Rib Parpardelle Family Style, the Roasted "Mary's" Chicken, Veal Picatta, and the waiter's suggestion of the "Berkshire" Pork Chop. All delicious! Food/Ticket time was very good and the service was on point. I wish I had a bigger stomach or came with a bigger party so we could try more!One pointer is family style price ($12 for salad and $22 for pastas) are on top of the established prices. They are SO worth it though. You pay for 2, but you can feed almost 5!??!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,3/27/2014,108,223,6,18,12>There's nothing like a gorgeous public building to make you extremely proud of your city.  The new San Diego Downtown Library is incredibly beautiful and it does just that.  The lobby is daunting and breathtaking in the kind of way that the Mines of Moria were for the Fellowship of the Ring.  Your mouth drops open as you stare into limitless cement floors of literary open stacks.  Who knew a house of books could be so sexy?The courtyard garden in the front is lovely.  It's nice to think that the designers had San Diego's optimal weather conditions in mind when designing this place. It is apparent here on the ground floor and elsewhere throughout the structure.The kids' section is nice, but not as far out incredible that I hoped it would be. There's a lot of Dr. Seuss (naturally), and a ton of computers for the wee folk. The adjacent trolley tracks make the experience fun and exciting. There's also a Go-Go-Gadgety book return machine that will prove to be very cool, once it is turned on. It wasn't the day I was there.The upper floors were the highlight of our visit.  The lounge on floor 8(?) provides a whimsically classy spot to relax and enjoy your books. It also provides a stunning view of San Diego's South Bay.  If only the eyesore trolley clock tower could get out of the way...The ninth floor provides the welcome fresh air and intriguing artwork that caps this library off on its highest note.  The dome is transfixing, as is the view.  This is what makes the library a showpiece for San Diego, and the reason I intend to bring every visitor here as a tourist attraction from now on.  And with an hour's free parking? Done.  Thank you, San Diego.  I only had two comments that kept my opinion of the library at 4 stars instead of 5. The first is that the garage is lacking critical signage. We had no idea how to get into the library from the garage. And more importantly, we had no idea how to find our way back.  The library had closed by the time we left.  We exited via the front.  The garage was closed. We stood there dumbfounded for a few minutes before panic was starting to set in. Thank goodness for a kind library worker who brought us back into the garage via the service elevator.  We might have been stuck outside all night.Also, the front desk clerks were no-nonsense, hard-lining, city workers who refused to check out our books when we were leaving.  Was the library closing? Yes.  Was there a need to be rude and smarmy about this fact and refuse me and my two kids (and a handful of other people) the service to check out our books? No.  My local library (Mission Hills) would never do that. Their customer service is top notch.  My experience upon check-out reminded me of a similar experience I had when visiting Moscow a few years ago. My hubby and I went up to the service desk at a train station, requested in Russian to purchase two tickets, and the clerk merely shut her window and walked away on us.  That's how we felt that day at the library.Luckily for my kids and me, a friendlier clerk directed us to the self-service kiosks at the other end of the lobby. We were able to check out our books in a jiffy and exit within minutes.  Why the clerk at the check-out desk couldn't have done that (and without a know-it-all tone in her voice) is beyond me.We'll be back to this library many times. It is my favorite new building in San Diego, and I can't wait to bring my hubby's family here when they visit from Long Island. It's going to be a hit!
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/5/2013,519,365,9,10,11>If you are looking for burros, there are no burros here; visually impaired or otherwise. The Blind Burro, with a catchy name, is open and roomy. Not distractingly loud. It made a great setting for the Three Amigas to celebrate our first 2013 happy hour...or, in Blind Burro's terms, Amigo Hour.The girls and I ordered a round of margaritas. Then decided on the tuna collar, smoked salmon taquitos, sweet potato taquitos and skirt steak with black beans. The tuna collar was delicious. We ended up ordering a second one.When asked how our food was, we did mention that the skirt steak was overcooked. Roberto apologized about the steak. Before we knew it, Sean, the co-owner was there. He offered us a redo and had another skirt steak sent to our table.  Even better, we were comped the steak. Really wasn't expecting that; but, it was appreciated and very nice of them to do so.Overall, a great first impression of the Blind Burro. There are many more items on the menu that I'm interested in trying out. We shall see you again, Blind Burro!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,2/4/2013,145,219,5,7,7>Yelp, meet True Food Kitchen. Now let's get some things straight. Atmosphere: A++. Even though it's technically in a mall, True Food Kitchen makes up for it with the whole experience and ambiance. If you sit inside, the open kitchen is a cool concept. We sat outside, which is a huge open space, so you don't feel like you're sitting on top of your neighbor. For the experience alone, I would recommend at least checking it out. (Bonus: Firepit! Big fan.)Food/Drink: Yum! I've been on a health kick this week, so TFK came at the right time. Everything looked so good on the menu, and the vegan and gluten-free options are clearly marked. I went with the organic tomato and kale pizza (gluten-free crust), and it tasted super fresh and healthy. For a drink I had the Medicine Man - DOUBLE YUM. Antioxidants, come to me!Prices: This is where I'm torn. I understand you're paying for the whole organic thing. And yes, everything was tasty. But all the same - there's a reason I don't shop at Whole Paycheck (er, I mean Whole Foods) anymore, and that's because there are less expensive places to get quality, healthy stuff. Yaddamean?
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,2/3/2013,383,363,4,7,7>My boyfriend loves this place. He was so stoked when we moved and it was right down the street. The first time I had a truffle from here I wasn't all that impressed, but I've gone back since and I'll admit, this place has definitely grown on me. I like the variety of uncommon truffle flavors and desserts here. For about $2.50 a pop you can enjoy an exotic truffle. I like the more intriguing flavors like basil and lavendar salt. The build your own brownie sundae is pretty rad too! Eclipse also has the feel of a pinky-out establishment without the pretentiousness. Presentation of the deserts are sophisticated and clean. I really like the decor inside and the shirts the employees wear are adorable. If you're looking to satisfy a craving for sweets give Eclipse a try!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,2/2/2013,2074,1145,14,12,9>the deelio: seriously no frills and cash only.the woohoo!: feel like a rockstar buying rounds for your friendscheap-o drinks to get you going before hitting any cha-ching swanky spots.  named after the daughter, this bar has its regulars perched on the stools.  casual is an understatement here with some clubbers peppered in.the er, um...: i didn't dare try out the bathrooms since the tables were already a bit sticky.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,2/1/2013,249,200,4,8,7>Somwhere~~ beyond the sea~~ someone waiting for me~~~ No, some seafood waiting for me: Seafood gumbo, clams and shrimps with full house sauce and Fanny Bay oystersSeafood gumbo was the bomb! It's a fairly small bowl for $7, but it was really good! Thick, not skimpy on the seafood (had 6 or 7 decent-sized shrimps in a bowl), flavorful, right amount of okra, right amount of spices... all the flavors are well balanced. Will def come back again for this!Clams with the house sauce was a delight! The clams were pretty decent size and not many of them had their shells closed. The best part was when they were open wide and you just scoop the sauce with the shell and suck the meat with the yummy house sauce! Hm.... Shrimps were good too, but not as flavorful as the clams. The full house sauce was really, really good - it's a combo of Cajun Sensation, Lemon Pepper and Garlic Butter! yum yum!The oysters were fresh and tasted good even with just lime juice, or even without anything (I wish they gave us lemon though because it goes better with oysters in my opinion). It's a good choice for the summer with the cucumber finish. But I personally prefer the creamier ones. Next time I'll try the other varieties. Service was quick and our server was attentive and friendly. It was a nice environment for crowds, families, friends, etc. You can see people are all having fun cracking shells and getting dirty. Take note of what's written on the bib when you go there and remember to take photos, haha :)Will be back! Haven't tried Boiling Crab yet. Wanna do that and compare with Crab Hut. Crab Hut's location is probably better because it's next to Tapioca Express and O' Brien's hahaha :D
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,1/31/2013,37,348,4,13,6>the only korean restaurant in SD that i'm giving 5 stars. (update:  just gave chon ju jip 5 stars as well).  definitely worth taking mommy and daddy to.  and my beautiful ger-ger too.the banchans were excellent.  unlike most places, their banchans are not just a vegetable/side tossed around in indiscriminate proportions of sesame oil/sugar/soy sauce, but instead seasoned well and garnished with other items like carrots and green onions, sesame seeds, etc.  they weren't afraid to have the kimchi a little fermented sour, and i actually liked it (i usually hate kimchi even though i'm korean).  they spicy banchan were spicy and not wimpy bland for the non-korean customers.i had the mandoo.  it was pan fried like grandma makes it.  it was NOT prepackaged crap from zion market. the only other korean place i found that makes homemade mandoo was happy family.  given the hot weather, i had bibim naengmyun. i was worried it wouldn't taste good, but i was wrong.  its was great.  the noodles were chewy and thick, the sauce thick, spicy and sweet.  garnishes were tasty (beef, apple, radish, egg).  very good, even by LA korean food standards.dinner came with a bowl of a wonderful beef broth garnished with scallions.  it was excellent.  another good sign of a good korean restaurant.  the place was full of korean businessmen.  this is good sign you're at an authentic placeplease understand the waitresses are not rude.  it's the culture.  feel free to call out for them from across the room.  i'm definitely coming back to continue exploring their menu!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,1/30/2013,548,308,11,15,11>Do you have children? Try Papa Luna's for an affordable family meal that's more exciting than pancakes with faces on them 'cause we all know you don't want to cook after a beach day.Over 21? Read on, you party animal: Every have one of those mornings (okay, well 1pm) where you wake up with a headache, belly ache and a less than pleasant trip the restroom where you hope your significant other, roommate, or cat doesn't enter behind you lest they die in the wake of what came out of your body? We all know, I'd be the last person to blame it on the dozen or so beers you drank the night before. So, taking a typical Friday or Saturday night, there only leaves one other thing consumed: DREADED LATE NIGHT FOODFor whatever reason, we've all thought a bacon-wrapped-nitrogen-bomb-covered-in-canned-­chili or recycled-tire-asada-smothered-in-red-and-green-­sauce was a good idea. And, at the time, it's always been glorious. Cut to the morning after though, and you add just another regret to add to your diary.That's where Papa Luna's comes to the rescue! Surely it's not a coincident that the moon shines when late night hunger strikes and Papa Luna's is still open. (Til 2am Friday & Saturday!) DREAD NO MORE!! Late night you'll see the usual stumble, point & grunt order system in effect, but let me promise you, not with the consequences of the other places that stay open late on Garnet. Fresh, real food you can actually digest. What a novelty! The BEST part about Papa Luna's, is that in addition to it's convenient late night hours, it's ALSO a place you won't be embarrassed of eating during daylight! Espinaca con queso is so far my top choice but every time I've been in there's been something new to try! Latest - Organic goat cheese and sausage with sun-dried tomatoes!With over a dozen options, an ever-changing menu and friendly staff I make Papa Luna's one of my favorite places to grab a bite in PB. You can't really go wrong with food you can eat while walking (or stumbling) Plus pre-HH the patio is a great place to people watch as you line your stomach in handheld pockets of goodness. Check 'em out- you'll never late night dine the same.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,1/29/2013,144,58,7,15,10>Really good food, excellent service, and an amazing outdoor seating area. We made the biggest mistake sitting directly facing the sun and thought the ocean would be cooling that specific area down. We were so hot that we had to get out of there as soon as we were done grubbing. This wasn't the restaurants fault,  just a horrible call on my side. The next time it'll be much different as I will be a veteran to Jimmy's. Parking isn't as bad as other places around here so your in luck.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,1/28/2013,604,329,23,21,15>Lesson 1: Tacos El Gordo is your friend.I've learned this by meticulously gauging stomach-satisfaction by potential heart attack. Granted, you start to not care about your futile attempts at dieting the moment you take your first bite, means you've just made a very good friend. El Gordo will accept you for your extra lovin' around your very defined six-pack. Lesson 2: Try something new because it'll probably end up tasting great.Don't like it? All you lost is two bucks. How often can you say you've tried cow brains, head, tongue or intestines? You've got a wealth of brag-worthy experiences while safely knowing El Gordo is your friend (you must learn lesson 1, first)Lesson 3: Never watch Lesson 2 being prepared.Life is hard, but this just was purely unfair. I innocently ordered a Tacos de Lengua (beef tongue) and decided to duck a little and peek at the preparation. I was SCARRED for life. The desensitized chef unrolled the huge tongue, and then chopping it like it was no one's business. I double checked my own tongue to make sure it was intact. Big chunks of chopped tongue ended up on my taco, so conclusively I was making out with my meal. The psychological trauma and SUPER TENDER tongue made it seem like a really bad dare: a dare that I paid for with cash. I've learned a very hard lesson the unpleasant way: Never duck below the suggested silver lining lest you want to undo the progress of lessons 1 and 2.Tacos El Gordo, I'm so fond of your existence. Not only have you proven to me how authentic your food can possibly humanly be (read lesson 3), but there's a smirk of satisfaction knowing I had one of the best authentic tacos in San Diego. Putting aside my traumatizing torture session with my tongue affair, I will have to submit to the rave of how juicy and perfect your tacos are. Yelp is not lying, these are heavenly tacos.Tacos: - Tacos de Adobado ($2.00): Absolutely blissful. This marinated pork taco spiced to perfection by a hint of pineapple just hits the spot. Mixed in with their special salsa and homemade tortilla, really brings out the whole flavor of the taco and makes you really craving more. Creamy and zesty, are just what you'll taste when your try these! The spice was not overwhelming but everything included really makes this a MUST-TRY taco! I'm not even a pork person, but this just brings pork to another level. - Tacos de Asada ($2.00): Slightly tougher beef carne asada but very fair in taste if you like the smoky style taco. I'm a sucker for guacamole, so having a huge slob of this deal-breaker really made me feel loved. I've tried slightly better asada elsewhere but the spices and wholesome mixture of their tortilla and salsa brings it to a very juicy and cultured taco. The creamy guacamole, can be a hit or miss since it's not your typical guacamole we expect up north, but very consistent in texture and oddly extremely...creamy. It can be misunderstood as bland! - Tacos de Lengua ($2.25): If you didnt read my story up there, this will be a very odd review of this taco. I can't stand how tender the lengua is. It's almost TOO tender to where I'm more disgusted than melting from bliss. Mixed in with my really traumatic psychological terror, I absolutely regretted getting this. HOWEVER, I do admit that if I could stomach it better, it was a very smooth and perfect taco. Not salty or overbearing. Everything about it was screaming: I swear I taste amazing, but my brain was telling me to flee this fear factor nightmare. Nightmare. Dreamy nightmare. I'm flirting with evil. Pros: - Free grilled onions. Plethora of huge mutant radishes and fat juicy lemons.  - There's so many hidden ways to get the best items. Read other reviews on tips and maneuvers (like getting pineapples on certain tacos?!)  - Really clean! No seriously, it's surprisingly very clean! - Awesome customer service. Thanks for happily taking our plates (unless this was a cue for us to leave, I cant figure this one out). - Takes credit cards with no minimum! So rare to see these at Mexican restaurants.Cons: - Can be slightly pricey per taco. If you're hungry you'll maybe eat five. That's easily $10 before tax. - Parking is a freakin pain; except we got lucky. Beginner's luck! - Dont believe when it just simply says "beef". (Read tips)Tips (aka Spanish lesson I shamelessly researched): - Lengua: Beef tongue - Sesos: Beef brain - Buche: Pork stomach intestines - Tripa: Beef intestines - Suadero: Beef BrisketThe ride home was a trial and tribulation. Not only did I illegally trunk my seat since the SUV was overfull, but I was also wrestling with the rebellious digestion of my disturbing tongue episode. I pledge to never eat tongue again until I've successfully gone through counseling with my therapist about my trauma...or maybe I'll just never get this fixed so I can always masochistically relive this moment and never try tongue again...decisions decisions.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,1/27/2013,379,153,5,7,6>Living in the West Point Loma/Ocean Beach area and a recent fan of sushi, I've been in search for a good sushi place within my student budget. Tonight a friend and I craved sushi and felt daring enough to explore the streets - okay maybe not without reading all the reviews of the sushi places around the area.Sushi Freak caught my eye with the single "$" and the positive reviews. Sushi + positive reviews + $ = super rare. So we decided to give this place a shot.Not gonna lie, but when we first walked in, I was way confused. The setup is not the usual sushi restaurant set up. It's kind of like a Subway meet Sushi setup, where you literally walk up to the counter/sushi walk-up-to bar? (lack of better words) I decided to try the California Rainbow roll minus salmon (ew) and asked for it spicy, and my friend ordered a spicy California roll. Our total without drinks was about $17. Upon taking our first bite, both of us were way impressed and immediately commented on how good the sushi was. The food hit the spot like no other! At first, I didn't think the place was that cheap, but looking back I realize that they really could get away with charging a whole lot more (thank goodness they don't). Service was great and I almost forgot to mention the Hello Kitty wine and candy everywhere (you know, for us HK fans).I'll def be heading back to Sushi Freak again soon, and if you do, make sure you grab a stamp card. 10 rolls = 1 free roll. Collect away!
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2009,2/23/2010,268,411,11,21,18>I've driven past this restaurant at least a hundred times and I've never thought to stop. And I'm really glad I chose to eat here the other day :)The restaurant is really quaint and not very busy. Kind of a blast from the past diner, the decor is very old looking and it feels like a museum, no music and no one talking over a whisper.BUT, other than that awkwardness, I loved this place. Our server was extremely friendly and helpful our entire visit to Keith's. I ordered the short stack of strawberry pancakes with eggs and bacon. The food came out really quickly, which was really convenient because I was STARVING. The short stack was GINORMOUS; two huge pancakes folded over some sugary sweet candied strawberries, topped with mounds and mounds of whipped cream. It was one of the best orders of strawberry pancakes I've ever eaten. The bacon and eggs were pretty delish too! I like my bacon fleshy and my boyfriend likes his crispy, and this was the perfect combination of those two. It was COOL.I really have grown fond of this place. It's a bit quiet and full of adults of older age, but the service is fantastic and the food is even better. :)
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,2/22/2010,74,74,49,55,51>CHAMORRO PRIDEen.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ch…One of my Uncles has lived in Agana,Guam with his family since the 60's,and thinks of himself as Guamanian.I remember asking my Grandma if that made me part Guamanian,and she smacked me on the back of the head and yelled, "Djoo arrr ahh Pilipino!!!"  And that's that.I have eaten here several times,and I have enjoyed  the food immensely. My favorites have been the bbq short ribs,  the marinate they used was their own,I believe.  So good.  They specialize in bbq,island style. Estufau.a dish of pork or chicken braised in a tangy soy sauce broth,with garlic and onions,Very nice.The lumpias can be crunchier,but still very good, they come with a special sauce.And one time,they had lechon kawali,and it was more than decent.Their keleguen is okay,I'm used to the more spicy Filipino version called kilawen.I have yet to try their chocolate banana lumpia.Very nice people work here.  Always very friendly,and patient.And not very pushy.Come to Chamorro Grill and taste the flavor of the islands..
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2009,2/21/2010,255,128,12,13,13>Yup, there's a line.  Got there about 10am on a Friday.  Wasn't too bad a wait and it moved fairly quickly.  There's a huge chalkboard menu as you enter the joint above the register but it doesn't give enough detail.  If you are with someone, have them hold your spot in line and grab a to-go menu at the front counter.  It'll give you a better description on the items.Anyway, being a fan of the breakfast burrito, I picked myself up Egg Burrito #3! Loaded with bacon, potatoes, cheese, and tons of eggs. Damn, that burrito was FAT!!!! No complaints here, my friend. I took a big bite into that thing and then floated into breakfast heaven.  Man, that was hella good. :) To top it off, the cafe has a small patio right next to it. Patrons can chill and eat here while taking in the nice ocean breeze (or scoping out the eye candy that walks by). Watch out for da darn flys though. They tried to sneak a taste of my food but I hand swatted a couple of the buggers. PATAY!! (meaning "dead"). Think the other flys got scrurred and stopped bothering us.Here's the deal: order was made quickly(when I got to the front of the line), it was a large amount, food tasted great, and chillin' by the beach is a definite plus! Totally felt it was worth the wait. For breakfast, it's a complete package and I will absolutely be back!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/6/2009,2/20/2010,519,365,26,22,20>Fifteen minutes seems like eternity, when you're starving.It sucks even worse when you realize they messed up your order, after you just got home. Picking up the phone, I dialed and said that I got my order of beef chow fun and beef broccoli, but I'm missing my order of salt pepper chicken wings. Mmmm...chicken wings. I got some mystery beef dish, instead. My mother comments, 'See that's why you always check your order, before you leave.' Do you think I really needed to hear that now? If I was the hunger monster personified, my eyes would glow red. Sugar level dropping, I bite my tongue. Commend me, on my great restraint. =PListening to the smattering of Chinese in the background, the employee tells me to come pick up the wings. I can keep the mongolian beef, at no extra charge. Huh. So, that's what the mystery beef was.Free mongolian beef, but I need to pick up the wings. The beef chow fun is kept calling my name to take a bite.With eyebrows furrowed, pinched lips and stomach growling, I shovelled a piping hot fork full of chow fun into my mouth and rushed out the door. I swear I didn't run over anyone, though I felt tempted. I'm sure any hungry woman can sympathize. ;o)Breaking the speed limit, fifteen minutes there and back. I finally sat down to eat an already late lunch, according to my internal clock. Taking a big bite of my salt pepper wing, the roaring beast turned into a purring kitty cat.Breathing deep and allowing the food to sink into my stomach, I sighed. One less cranky woman, with low blood sugar levels, walking around. The world is safe. For now.Typically, I'd score this place a 4. But, today I'm knocking a star of the mix up and the world's nearly catastrophic end. Never keep a girl from the chicken wings. =P
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,2/19/2010,262,85,22,19,19>I used to be someone who liked to cook and, on the realsies, was pretty good at it. Fresh salmon, zucchini, chicken, green beans... these were all staples in my house two months ago, but now ALL I want is the delicious pho from Pho Sao Bien. I'm not entirely sure what the appeal is; maybe it's the fresh ingredients and the low prices, or perhaps it's that in these frigid winter days I'm regularly hungover and/or freezing my tits off and pho seems to be the only cure for both. Either way, I literally come here for take-out at least four times a week, and I have absolutely no qualms about it, despite the sodium -related bloat that regularly follows my pho intake. Please note that I get take-out because I find eating soup with chopsticks completely impossible, and I don't like that I usually end up with half of my meal on my Team Jacob tee. Please don't judge me. My regular order is the beef pho and a half order of spring rolls, which I always find to be just too much food. It takes them about five minutes to prepare, and the bill is $10.28 including tax. Nice. I only give this place four stars for two reasons. One, they use Styrofoam for their to go orders, which is a bummer, and two, those polaroids of big-breasted women on the wall creep me right on out. This place is kind of a hole in the wall, but it has a lot of local charm, good service, and GREAT food. It might not be the ideal joint for a first date, but I can guarantee that taking a lady friend to this place circa date four or five would earn some major brownie points. So pho real, check it out already!
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,2/18/2010,227,758,30,36,37>This community is generally viewed as the college-y, "bro"- and "ho"-infested (hate those terms) party beach community of San Diego.  Ouch.  I'm past the mid-20s mark and thus think of myself as being about 1-2 years past my routine "going out to party" prime.  You won't find me in bars--and especially not in clubs--often these days, and I only really drink significant amounts of alcohol during football season.  I'm one of what I can only imagine are relatively few PB residents who isn't particularly sad that drinking hard beverages on the beach was banned.  That being said, I've sort of outgrown PB but still continue to live in the heart of it as I have for about 3 years. I'll be the 1st to tell you that I'm pretty inclined, especially on an "off" day, to be greatly annoyed by drunken, ignorant people...to nearly the point of contemplating bodily harm to said people.  Still, it's not quite fair to judge an entire community based primarily (or solely, for that matter) on the stereotypical individuals who frequent it or reside in it. People loooove to hate on PB, and I can absolutely understand why; however, my opinion is that there aren't many other communities in San Diego that are as convenient as PB, at least for me.  I'm an organized planner by nature but totally love that I can step out my front door on a lazy Saturday and have so many fun spontaneous things to do just a short walk (have never ridden a beach cruiser before in my life) away.  Not much to complain about in terms of convenience; all of these businesses are within 6 blocks of my overpriced itsy bitsy beach cottage-y apartment:grocery storesthe baythe beachrestaurantsfast foodbarsdrug storesUrgent Caregas stationsauto repair shopstire shopsPost Officetattoo parlorshair salonsnail salonstanning salonshotelsgift shopsFire Stationclothing boutiquesI've lived in PB for 3 years and can see myself doing so for about another year, or at least until the perfect Little Italy downtown condo comes along for my boyfriend and me to snatch up.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2009,2/17/2010,1800,266,24,20,20>Just got a few words for you...Christmas Eve Madness.When I placed my order for my first Christmas ham a week before Christmas, the woman through whom I placed my order recommended that I pick my ham up on Tuesday as opposed to Thursday.As I assumed this was a ploy to have to deal with less people on Christmas Eve, I objected.BIG MISTAKE! Was not a ploy.As I am driving up to the store to park I see a lilne about half a block long outside the damn store. Hell.So I am standing outside, marveling at this foolishness I am a part of, basically unable to believe it. There were probably 50 people in front of me and very soon, 50 people behind me (this to include the most annoying woman on the damn planet talking way too loud on her phone.).After about 35 minutes I was inside to pick up my precious ham.I am taking in the sights all around me and am so surprised at the number of crazy older ladies in here to pick up their hams.This woman at the counter to the right of me was throwing a screaming fit because the ham they were offering her was bigger than she wanted. She couldnt seem to get it through her head that the reason other people were getting smaller hams than they were offering her was because they took the time to call in an order a week or so before Christmas Eve. She was irate, nasty and old. Ha. Whoops.Another weird thing I thought was that people were asking the employees to open the hams so they could see them. ...? Huh? The lady at the counter with me (they bring two at a time up for some reason) not only wanted to see the top but the front. WTF? It looks like a damn, big, honkin piece of spiral cut and glazed pig meat! Strange.So needless to say, about 45 minutes after I began this foolishness, I was on my way out with my beautiful ham, that I did not request to look at before I left. And as expected, it was perfect. (:And even with all the crazy commotion in this dang store, the employees were as nice as they could have been.And next time...I might heed their advice. (:
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2009,2/16/2010,166,79,21,21,21>...  where the pastabilities are endless....  haha...  clap it up for my corniness...     A couple U turns later we finally found the place...  Located in a little corner next to some karate studio...  Parking shouldn't be a problem, so park away!!! Upon stepping inside it was a nice looking sit down type place....  Booths on the wall, and tables on the other side.....  they also had a YELP sticker on their window...  haha  Food was awesome!!!!  I had tried some of their samples at the YELP party in downtown @ club fit, so I wanted to try some more....  Boy I'm glad we did...  They had a YELP sandwich...  yes a YELP sandwich....  It had meatballs, I forgot what sauce, penne, spinach, and mozzarella cheese stuffed in a hollow garlic roll....  oooowwwweeeee.....     The prices were nothing to complain about...  $5.99 for a 6in.and $8.99 for a 12in....  note* prices may vary on type of sandwich...  this was my price....  I got a budweiser for 3 bucks...  not bad for not bein on happy hour...    All in all it was a DEVINE sandwich shop..  haha..  sorry..   our service was DEVINE, food was DEVINE, and prices were DEVINE....  i'm guessin DEVINE Pastabilities wasn't just a clever name..  haha     oh yah, if yah  vote for them as top sandwich shop you get a print out for a free 6' torpasta w/ purchase of a drink..  haha  go to there website and click on the link to vote...      Time for me to make DEVINE poo poo!!
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,2/15/2010,489,320,21,24,24>Great Concept! Great Food! Great Price!My very first time here with the fam for Thanksgiving lunch. There were hardly any people there, which I prefer because I was told this place gets crazy packed! The whole "cooking your meal" concept was quite interactive and fun! I love to cook anyways, so this was definitely exciting for me right off the bat.We ordered three different broths: House Special, Spicy, and VegetarianAll three were delish, but the spicy one was waaayyy too spicy for me. I had to wash it down with tea. My dad was sweating like a pig and not enough napkins were helping either. The spicy broth would be great for clearing up your sinuses though. I only had a few slurps of it and I stuck to the house special and vegetarian broths instead! The broths were very flavorful. We doused each with a variety of ingredients:1. Beef tendons2. Chicken breasts3. Shrimp4. Squid5. Fresh cuttle fish 6. Spinach7. Bok choy8. Shitake mushrooms (my fav!)9. Fresh tofuIt was more than enough food for all four of us, but since we were hungrrrrry, we were able to finish all of it! Very satisfying and filling! Also a perfect place to grub on a cold, chilly day. Overall, the bill totalled to  ~$75.00 for four, which wasn't bad, considering the amount of food we had. If you wanna have fun with your food and not get in trouble for it, then Little Sheep Mongolian Hot Pot & Grill is the place for you!WARNING: The soup broths were so overpowering that the smell will stick with you for the rest of the day. If you don't mind smelling like hot pot broth, then GO FOR IT!!!
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,2/13/2010,894,543,21,24,17>My search for the perfect almond croissant is OVER!!!! I have been searching for almond croissants all up and down san diego and nothing has ever been good. The one at UCSD in the price center at Cafe Roma is really not good at it's pricey. It is a lame croissant with a little almond paste (marzipan) for $3.00I went to TJ maxx last Saturday and was dissapointed that I couldn't find anything at the store. My bf decided to cheer me up with something sweet from the bakery. I go in an immediately I see that sweet almond croissant. OMG!!!!! It was covered in fresh almonds. Then then........what the croissant had even more sugar on it! It was almost like a butter crumb topping on top of the croissant. THAT"s not it...the inside was filled with lots of marzipan. Nothing stingy going on here. The croissant itself was so flakey. Who knows how much butter went into it. For a mere $1.80, I tasted bliss! I dunno if they actually make them here but who cares. It's good and cheap!My diet right now...is not in existence anymore. If you yelp about food, you def aren't dieting for sure!YAY!!! MY ALMOND CROISSANT SEARCH IS OVER!! I can finally rest in peace and gain weight in San Diego. Good thing it's not bathing suit season :)
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,8/23/2012,176,439,7,11,8>Whooaaa, this place is fancy-schmancy! Arcade games, several flat screens, a waterfall scene. Last time I dropped by must have been about a decade ago. The interior has been upgraded so as to be nearly unrecognizable from before.Ordered the pho with brisket and steak. Brisket was fatty and delicious. Steak was standard. Pho broth was clean. Basil, sprouts, and saw leaf herb was very fresh.One of the better pho places - I'd come back!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,8/21/2012,1165,834,23,28,23>It would be the understatement of the century to say that I was merely excited about the brand new Babycakes location in Morley Field...I was *THRILLED*.After bailing out of Hillcrest and moving into my new digs in North Park, one of the things I missed most was having some of the best cupcakes in town practically on my front porch.  However, thanks to the fine Babycakes folks opening up this new location, now I no longer have to feel verklempt about a lack of cupcakes within easy reach.  In fact, the cupcakes are closer than ever!Located in the clubhouse tucked amongst the Morley Field tennis courts, the new Babycakes has all the charm, amazing staff, and delicious sweet treats as the original.  Everything from the signature "baby" cake to the blood orange cupcakes (my favorite) are represented.  Perfect!  There's a growing list of savory items too, like soups and paninis, in keeping with the more cafe-style feel of the place.The setting is perfect too.  Are you tired of breathing in the 5th Ave exhaust and staring at the Rite Aid parking lot while eating your cupcakes on the patio of the Hillcrest Babycakes?  Come to Morley Field instead, and have those same cupcakes amongst the serenity of the eucalyptus trees -- and shirtless tennis players galore.What's not to love?
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/20/2012,412,220,12,13,10>Oscar's Mexican Seafood is so good it deserves to win a...yes, you guessed it:An Oscar.[Ba-dum chh!]Okay, that was terrible. But forgive me. I haven't written a review in months. But Oscar's was so good it got me to come out of quasi-yelp-retirement. This HITW is a cash only joint that serves up some of the best seafood tacos I've ever had.The Smoked Fish taco ($2.75), consisting of marlin/swordfish, is AMAZING. The flavors are rich and complex...yet it's in taco form. Just brilliant.My favorite however was the Spicy Shrimp Taco ($3.50). The flavor was robust but not overpowering. And the shrimp was cooked to perfection. Shrimp is very easy to overcook, but these shrimp (shrimps?) were big and juicy...succulent if you will.The (battered/fried) Fish Taco ($2) was just okay. I prefer my fish well-battered and fried to crispy perfection...but my fish was a bit soggy for my liking. Perhaps it was an off day. I guess everyone makes...fishtakes. [Ba-dum chh!]The Skirt Steak w/ Shrimp Taco ($4) was the most expensive of the bunch, but it wasn't all that great. Decent flavors...but definitely not on par with the Smoked Fish...Also, the mixed fruit juice was refreshing and delicious. I definitely recommend getting a cup to go along with your 1-2 tacos. (2 tacos should be enough for most...3's company).Lastly, street parking is available but relatively scarce. The curb adjacent to Oscar's is green so you have "15 minutes." If you're lucky, that's how line the long will be because usually I hear it takes much longer than that to order your food. But even if you go over, it's not a big deal. One fish taco should be enough to...get you off...the hook.[I had to]. :)
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,8/19/2012,88,241,18,7,4>Was there for my birthday last month, and I just need to reiterate, I may not be good at finding women, I may not be good at my job and I may not be a very good person, but one thing I know I am good at is finding places with some of the best dumplings around. I will put the Chinkali, Pelemeni and Vareniki toe to toe with the baddest dumplings around. I will put up my boss's White Saturn Vue as a prize for anyone that goes into Pomegranate, tries the aforementioned dumplings, and doesnt love them.  If you don't love them, write me a 500 word essay explaining why, and you can be eligible to win a early 2000 Saturn Vue made basically of Tupperware.  Long story short, go here and eat the dumplings. If you don't, then you clearly don't support the troops. And if you don't support the troops, get out of my country....but not before you try the dumplings!!!
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,8/18/2012,491,894,4,6,4>The Casbah has long been a place I had wanted to go so badly pre-21 years of age as it had caused me much heart ache to know my favorite band was playing across town and I was too young to get in.With that problem long passed, The Casbah holds up to be what I had hoped and dreamed it would be. I was told the back bar has the strongest drinks, this is true. I really like the outdoor patio to get away from the crowd inside and the feeling of a backyard it gives off. The restrooms are clean no matter before or after the show. The sound is incredible and you can see from virtually anywhere in the place, a major plus considering I'm vertically challenged at a whopping height of 5'4". The only complaint I have was the bartender who worked the main bar at the Tim Barry show, he was a bit of jerk when I was trying to order, and he made a few errors on my tab including handing me the wrong credit card when he had just confirmed that my last name started with an S and he had all of six cards back there, the card he gave me did not have an S on it. Oh well.Casbah, thanks for the good times you've given me so far: Cursive, Hot Water Music, and Tim Barry.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,8/17/2012,154,83,4,11,10>This is officially my new favorite place to eat at for those important, but not THAT important occasions. It's one of those places that you can go into with high heels and a sundress, or just jeans and a tee not feel like a complete party crasher- mainly because the lights are so dim. I went for dinner, during sunset, and it was just the prettiest place ever. From the outside, it looks cute, with patio seating and plantings, but nothing too special, but once we walked inside, we were blown away. The decor is probably what can be described as Provencal French, with nice wooden seating and hand-written signs in French all over the walls. At a couple of the tables they had small candles held in small glass containers, but at the bar and the table for large groups they had a silver candelabrum with sever white candles that had wax dripping down the length of the candle, past the silver holder, and onto the table. It seemed to have been dripping all day, from the looks of the wax puddling around on the table, which can be either dirty or charming. The dripping candelabrum and the overall ambience somehow reminded me of Miss Havisham's mansion from Great Expectations- in its heyday anyways. In all, relaxed, warm, and subtlety elegant. As for the food, we skipped out on the appetizers due to stomach and budget constraints. But they averaged about $15. After spending more than 20 minutes to order (everything just sounded so delicious!), we were served delicious warm, chewy sourdough bread and with softened butter. So good! Yelpers recommended "Coq au Vin" ($24), which was basically several pieces of chicken thighs in a seasoned wine based sauce with onions, carrots, and mashed potatoes. The chicken was so tender, yet so flavorful- something that I believe is not all that easy to achieve. The "Boeuf Bourguignon" ($27) is similar to the chicken dish. The ingredients are similar, but this dish had a deeper roasted beef flavor, which I felt was too over-powering for this particular recipe for this dish. The dish I ordered was the waitress recommended dish:"Entrecote de Porc" ($28), which was basically a honey/curry marinated pork rib-eye (cooked medium-rare), on a bed of spinach, with a side of mashed potatoes. The pork was so tender and so deliciously flavored in a fig and wine sauce. After an unofficial taste test, it was unanimously agreed that this of all the entrees, this is by far, the best. The last dish we ordered was the "Filet Mignon" ($30). It was a fist-sized steak with a side of asparagus and crushed truffled potatoes in a Bearnaise sauce. I don't know if this was a worthwhile dish to get, considering the restaurant. The steak was tender and pan-seared and the asparagus nicely steamed, but what set this dish apart from the myriads of restaurants that also serve this dish would be the "crushed" potatoes and the Bearnaise sauce. The typical mashed potatoes is a bit on the heavy side and can be thick and difficult to swallow, but the "crushed" potato, had a much better texture and, with the addition of the sauce, tasted much lighter. Aside from this distinctive twist, the dish was nothing amazing. While the entrees were delicious, what was most fabulous about this restaurant is it's service. As is typical, our water cups and bread plate was always filled, the most memorable part of the meal came towards the end. Even though a waitress had told us their kitchen closes at 9pm, we asked a waiter whether we could still order a dessert as we were celebrating a birthday. The waiter asked us to wait for a reply but when he came back out, there was no answer. So, we thought that was it. However, later on, as we were in the middle of giving our present to the birthday girl, a waitress came out with a large plate of what looked to be three scoops of chocolate ice-cream, but was actually the much recommended chocolate mousse It was such a pleasant surprise! & it was so good. I had never tasted chocolate mousse before, but it tasted amazing! It tasted like how I imagine gelato would taste if it were not cold. We were so stuffed from the entrees and bread, but still managed to scoop up every last bit of the mousse. Another plus on part of their service that I would have to mention would be how patient the waitress was when we were ordering. She described several of their specials in great detail, and repeated it with great patience when someone asked for a repetition. She showed not a hint of displeasure and was so pleasant and amiable. I also noticed that the next table over had an elderly man who was having difficulty reading the menu due to poor eyesight and, probably, the dim lighting, and the waitress was considerate enough to bring him a mini flashlight. When our bill came, it added up to $170 including tax and tips. The tips had already been added, but under it there was a line that said "additional tip". Had our budget permitted, we would not have hesitated to add more, but alas we could not.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/16/2012,765,361,12,10,11>**ABRACADABRA!!!! Ooooopen Sesame!! SHAZAAAAAAM!!!** ...Oops, no magic tricks needed here, just some bomb ass sammies magically made to perfection for your consumption. To be blunt, I must say I don't get where all of these "marijuana" references are coming from because I just didn't see any of that in this joint...rigggggggggggght. hahaha. It's always 4:20 up in this bish!!! As is consistent with most other reviews, the sandwiches are indescribably delicious and I literally have no complaints. They've got the Kool-Aid on tap yo (!!!!) and it's just the right amount of sweet that when combined with cannibus and these sammies, they'll put you into the perfect haze of a food coma and leave you satisfied for hours (that's what she said! HA!).And, I must note, of all the places I've gone while heavily "medicated," this was the one that would make sense to do so, and this is the one in which the first trip made was completely sober for no good reason...so of course I made up for it on my second trip in....and what a trip that was! We got into a pretty intense discussion with the late night crew about Joe Rogan and his deprivation chamber that was interesting to say the least. It was however slightly disappointing to find out that the delicious looking cereal treats are just that and that they do not contain the same special potent powers that the ones I get from my medical dispensaries do...in a perfect world I suppose.Word to the "straight edged folk" aka "boner killers of fun," not all stoners are dumb lazy oafs, as is evidenced by the excellent service you'll receive here, and I'd like to believe I too completely defy said stereotypes as well. Also, if you've got a problem with the theme of this restaurant, its clientele or its workers, please do society a favor and kill yo-self!!! :0)
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,8/15/2012,363,200,17,20,21>AleSmith? More like AleSmooth!Now that I've visited almost every brewery in the Mira Mesa, Kearny Mesa, Miramar, Scripps Ranch area, I can come out and say it -- AleSmith, you are king. Disclaimer: I am by no means a beer expert. Wine is my forte. ;) I know a lot of people are into West Coast-Style IPAs (crazy hopheads!) from the likes of Green Flash and Hess. I am not. To me, they're palate wreckers and I prefer to taste & appreciate the flavors and aromas of each beer. In other words, to each his own, beer nerds!Hit List:- Li'l Devil: Clean and refreshing!- Horny Devil- X- Wee Heavy- Grand Cru: Chimay Blue on crack.- Summer Yule Smith: It's all about balance, baby! Impressive double IPA, which is saying a lot because I'm obviously not a fan of overly hoppy/bitter beers.Tip List:- 4oz. tasters are $1; 12oz. are $3. - I would suggest checking AleSmith out on a weekday (closed on Mondays & Tuesdays) after work as it is complete MADNESS(!!) on Saturdays. - It's located in an industrial complex in Miramar (read: plenty of free parking).- Don't mind some of the annoying patrons who attempt to relive their college days by getting rowdy.- Got the munchies? There's usually a food truck out in the back on Fridays.- Separate his and hers bathrooms (1 of each) are fairly clean. Whew!!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,8/14/2012,413,327,13,9,10>"Sip, chew, read" Read to the tune of "Row your boat"Sip, sip, sip your tea slowly as you read,Merrily, merrily, merrily, order a bagel and cream.Chew, chew, chew your cake, tasty as can be,Merrily, merrily, merrily, baked for all to see.Read, read, read your book, here from page to page,Merrily, merrily, merrily all may sit, no matter what your age."Chirp, chirp, chirp!" the birds, pecking at your feet,lazily, lazily, lazily, observe them from your seat.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,8/13/2012,316,801,2,5,4>This restaurant is compared to Benihana, but honestly, I think I prefer this!   This is a great place to come if you're celebrating an occasion like I was, because you can have the entire group sit around one table.    It's also an entertaining dinner, because the chefs cook in front of you, make fun good naturedly, and do creative things with the food before serving it right on your plate.    I know that Benihana's hyped for their fried rice, but Shogun does justice as well!   I already crave it.  We came here with a group of 10 for my birthday celebrations, and were seated 20 minutes after everyone had arrived.   That part was a bit frustrating, but everything after that made the wait worth it.    I had to order a birthday drink with a souvenir Sumo cup to commemorate the occasion...drinks are definitely strong, but it hits the spot!   The BF and I ordered a sushi roll and shared the Scallops/Filet Mignon entree, and the rest of the group ordered variations of the Shogun Entrees.  They made me put on a hat because it was my birthday and sang very loudly, but I guess to be embarrassed once a year isn't so bad!    It's good to know that you threw a successful birthday dinner when you look around the table and everyone is happily munching, talking, laughing and enjoying the atmosphere!   It's not the cheapest dinner, but for the entertainment, livelihood and that fried rice, I say definitely come back again!
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,1/30/2012,149,360,3,18,14>No regrets about booking with Lana - she was awesome. Super friendly, too, I might add. I told her I just wanted my layers to look more tame, since it's been a while since I've had a haircut and they've grown out. Lana asked how much I wanted out, and I said, "Hmm...maybe an inch or two," and she did just that. Oh, and she styled my hair, too. I had glamtastic layers when I got out of that salon. Thanks for patiently working with my thick hair, Lana!
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,1/28/2012,4165,809,29,26,24>"Hey, I started out mopping the floor just like you guys. But now... now I'm washing lettuce. Soon I'll be on fries; then the grill. And pretty soon, I'll make assistant manager, and that's when the big bucks start rolling in." -Maurice**************************************************­**************************************************­******(I'm sorry...I'm still stuck on "Coming to America" and African foods!)  So anyone else notice how all of America's Marathons and other big races are always won by Ethiopians and Kenyans? In prepreration of the Camp Pendleton Triathlon next month, I intend to train and eat like a Kenyan/Ethiopian athlete(Chun P: Lazy-Liar).  Upon reading Steven D's fabulous 5 Star review and armed with a Buy 1 Get 1 Free coupon in Uptown Magazine, I dragged the lovely wifey Erica P to Bayu's(Chun P: Cheapass Husband). I opted for the Meat Sampler which you can choose up to 5 different items; the wife got the Veggie Sampler, also 5 items. I quote Steven D "I can't remember all that was there, but there was a couple lamb shmoopy shmoops, some beef things, some chicken things, some chickpea thing, some collard greens things..." all of it was fantastic and served with unlimited injera(Chun P: Carb Whore). Portions were huge.I can eat a lot and was able to finish my meal, but this time I couldn't help the wife finish hers. AFC = African Food Coma.  Nice interior setting with some African touches.  Service was friendly, but be prepared to wait a bit for your food to come. The bill before tip was only $28 sumthing...thanks coupon!(Chun P: Coupon Whore).  I just got my newest Uptown, so I'll definitely be back! **************************************************­**************************************************­******"She's your Queen-to-be. A Queen-to-be forever. A Queen who'll do whatever his highness desires. She's your Queen-to-be. A vision of perfection. An object of affection to quench your royal fire. Completely free from infection. To be used at your discretion. Waiting only for your direction. Your Queen-to-be..." -OhaPerhaps I'll hire Oha to sing at the 5 year Wedding Anniversary. Probably not. (**Slap** from Erica P)
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,1/27/2012,347,926,5,8,8>I've been meaning to try this place forever, and since it is almost literally across the street from where we ate lunch (Flavors of East Africa, yum!) we stopped in! We didn't try any of the hot chocolate or cafe items (we were stuffed), but we did get four truffles to go. In order of awesomeness, here's how they went:-Lavender sea salt caramel milk chocolate: The clear winner for me, the lavender flavor wasn't very strong, but the sea salt & caramel flavor stood out (which is always a winner in my book), and it was the tastiest by far of any of the truffles we got.-Salted Coconut Caramel- Seeing a pattern yet? Ha. But really, this one was pretty good, too. It is a vegan truffle, yay, but I honestly thought the non-vegan caramel truffle was better. Sorry, vegans. But it was still really yummy. Not quite coconutty enough for me, but whatev.-Pomegranate Sage- A seasonal flavor, and it was pretty good! The sage does pop in this flavor, which is kinda weird (cause I usually associate sage with savory dishes, not sweet). I didn't taste much pomegranate, but it was still yummy. -Pink Peppercorn Balsamic- Oh, this was totally an impulse, because I LOVE balsamic... But this was WAY too peppery for me! I burped (sorry, TMI!) pepper for at least an hour after eating this one. Phew! It was kinda tasty, but the pepper aftertaste was NOT good. I really wanted to like it, but it just wasn't great.Anyway, I would definitely like to try more flavors, and check out their cafe menu someday. Very friendly employees, and super cute little place. I'm a fan!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,1/26/2012,415,328,12,16,16>I have always been very happy with my dining experiences at Blue Point but now with new chef Daniel Barron putting an updated spin on the menu, this place has gotten even better! I took my friend Nick T out for his birthday Friday night. We originally were going to have Chef Barron's tasting menu but since we had two other friends joining us, we decided to just go with the regular menu. Something came up last minute and our friends could not join us, but by then I was already a half dozen oysters and a Belvedere dirty martini in to the meal. We definitely want to go back for what looks to be an amazing tasting menu. Everything we had was amazing! Amazing oysters, a delicious rib eye that was a perfectly cooked medium rare, the best warm spinach salad I have ever had hands down, delectable seared fish, and an amazing chocolate cake with a warm ganache and berries. The service could not have been better. From the moment we walked in the door, the staff were all on point. I appreciate that they noted my name on the reservation and said, "have a nice dinner Stephani". I like the personalized touch. We waited a bit for the rest of our party to arrive and when they could not make it for dinner after all, our waiter Dave was totally cool about it. He made sure to check on us throughout the night and took care of anything we needed including putting a candle in the cake for Nick. Thanks for a great night Blue Point! I will be back soon.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,1/25/2012,433,177,8,10,8>Formerly known as "Daiso". I visited here today after the name change. There's nothing more to add than what Jonathon's thorough review has mentioned other than it still looks pretty much the same to me except for the space reserved for the "Sanrio Surprise" merchandise. Like a kid in a candy store, I'm still perusing and buying cheap random things I didn't think I needed. Lol.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2012,1/24/2012,324,343,16,13,12>Who celebrates New Years at Barona!? That's right..old Asian people who love playing the slots!...and me. I know..a casino New Years is probably unoriginal and may slightly hint at the fact that I have a gambling problem but, truth be told, there isn't anything terribly wrong with unoriginality (There are reasons why things are repeated..just sayin. Except the jegging trend..THAT needs to die.) and though I may not have a gambling problem*, I fear that someone close to me does. Barona was actually a pretty good location for the occasion though. Parking was easy, there wasn't any traffic and it was actually pretty fun to spend New Years playing blackjack with my friends up until midnight when free champagne was handed out and balloons and confetti fell from the ceiling!They could have used more blackjack tables but, I'm assuming we waited 40 minutes for an open table because of the night we went which, was particularly busy for obvious reasons. Overall though, friendly dealers and plenty of tables with various minimum betting amounts. AND they have .50 cent gelato at the food court (I was SOLD). Only true downside, is that there was ZERO alcohol served on New Years (wtf!?) except 5 minutes until the count down..where champagne (more like grape juice) was handed out. BUT, I won $35 at blackjack which, according to my calculations: if I play 11 more times and win $35 each time, I'll finally be able to buy that Marc Jacobs purse I've been eyeing--good enough for me!HAPPY 2012!!!*more like a gambling phase which, I will ignore until it becomes a gambling problem
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,1/23/2012,74,74,39,37,37>I love the Star Bar.No frills, no pretense, it's different from any bars in the area.The bartenders are awesome.  Very friendly.  They pour potent drinksCheap drinks. Domestic beers for $2,imported for $3.Jack Daniels shots, $5.When I turned 21,and just a struggling college student,this bar was the FIRST bar that I actually used my REAL ID.And I mention that fact because I was asked for my ID when we went there last month..Back then, I thought of the Aunties as cougars past their expiration dates, but now, they're just friendly cougars.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,1/22/2012,376,293,12,14,8>This place screams KINKY!Put yourself on the guestlist on their website for free cover before 10:30pm.1 midori sour + 1 long island = $18 Not too shabby.Bondage wheel, whips, ball gags, and other naughty toys are upstairs.  Lounge on the first floor.  Booty shakin' in the basement.  I thought it was an older, classier crowd.  Me likey.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2011,1/21/2012,282,84,14,13,13>Paraphrasing the Classic Soul legend, Luther Ingram:  If bacon is wrong, I don't want to be right!!!My conundrum:Good Burger or Good Health?  Or the difference between just a good tasting burger vs a GREAT one!  The effect of one ingredient... To bacon or not to bacon?  That IS the question...TO BACON of course!  I heart bacon, you heart bacon... BUT I doubt our heart hearts bacon though... Once I got the answer to that most common Slater's FAQ "WTH is 50/50?" In an instant, conundrum gone!  For many it's a love-hate struggle, I understand.  And Slater's feeds that dilemma... literally.It's pretty much bacon infused everything here, From the burgers (ie The 50/50, git it!), sauces (ie bacon ketchup), seasonings (ie bacon salt), milkshakes (ie maple bacon), desserts (ie bacon brownies), To their liquor (ie bacon infused vodka FTW!)  Did I miss anything... plausibly I'm sure.Once you build the gumption to give in to the sexy swine lust and jettison all rational health reasoning, come to Slater's and get your BAC-ON!!!PS Here, I'll give you reasoning... Here's 6 Reasons Bacon is Better than True Love: theoatmeal.com/comics/ba…(my fav #3 - Love is fleeting, but bacon stays in your arteries for all eternity.)  LOL!
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,1/20/2012,2030,893,11,19,18>What better way to honor those who have served our country on Memorial Day than with a visit to Mount Soledad?My husband and I decided to drive up to Mount Soledad in the late afternoon and just missed the Memorial Day Ceremony as there seemed to a mass exodus coming down the hill.  One would usually be disappointed once this realization kicked in but for me, I was grateful there would be fewer crowds.  I was right. When we arrived, there was plenty of parking in the top parking lot. Score!The views from this beautiful landmark in San Diego are breathtaking. And then as you stand in the grassy area to face the cross, it's even more magnificent. Even on an overcast day, there is beauty all around and even though the winds were blowing steadily, it created this harmony that was fitting for the mood.I come to Mount Soledad often; for solace, to give thanks and to conquer that hill on my bike--and often times for no reason at all. Regardless of the reason, I am so grateful we have a monument as beautiful as this to pay tribute and to remember our veterans and those who are currently serving our country. They are the reasons why we are able to enjoy the many Liberties we all have today. If you haven't been able to visit Mount Soledad in La Jolla, you should put it on your list.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,4/4/2012,489,320,24,22,22>I don't consider myself a foodie snob nor am I an expert in ethnic cuisine. So my review for 'Passage To India' may be somewhat bias since I can't compare it to the real authentic tastes of India. With that being said...My oh my ! YUMMO in my TUMMO !We were feeling adventurous for Father's Day and decided to have dinner here. My pops never had Indian cuisine before so he was game !Located in Rancho Bernardo was a plus since not many great Indian restaurants can be found in the North County area. AMBIANCE:- Dark, warm, and dimly lit with a touch of Indian decor throughout the restaurant (i.e., water fountain) - Formal somewhat elegant dining. Could use a bit more lighting imo.FOOD:- Daily 'all you can eat' buffet - $10 and champagne brunch on the weekends - $15- We opted to dine-in and order from the menu and it's EXTENSIVE !- Vegan/vegetarian friendly and they can make substitutions if you ask. Kudos !- Mixed green salad (tomatoes, cucumbers and bell peppers on a bed of lettuce) - pretty self-explanatory. We could have passed on this.- Spicy Onions - More like FIRE-BUTT spicy !! A little goes a long way. I had to mix it with my salad. Also, could have passed on this.- Fish Tikka Masala - Fish cooked in a gravy of tomatoes and cream. My bro and dad shared this and loved the spices used.- Bengan Bhartha - Eggplant cooked in Tandoori, sauteed with onion & tomatoes, medium spice level. Crowd favorite !!! If you love eggplant, order this !- Vegetable Sizzler - Mixed vegetables sauteed with exotic herbs and spices served on a sizzler. Beautiful presentation ! Wish there were more variety of veggies. Mostly contained onions and carrots, but still flavorful.- Tandoori Roti and Garlic Naan - The spices of the dishes complimented the bread well ! Very filling.- Basmati rice - Too bad they charge extra for rice so we ordered two thinking it would be small, but one is MORE than enough. Plenty of leftovers after so we took the rest home. SERVICE:- We were greeted and seated almost immediately- Considering it was just us and a few other customers, service was a solid 'A' imo.- Food and beverages arrived promptly and the friendly waiter checked on us from time to time.Overall, I'm a fan. There are a few things I wouldn't order again, but I would love to go back and try more of their other dishes. Everything sounded interesting and delish ! When I'm craving for something hot, spicy, and flavorful, I know 'Passage To India' won't dissapoint. Caution: Potential fire-butt for days after. ouch.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,4/3/2012,645,258,15,20,18>It always amazes me when you live somewhere your entire life and find something so great nearby that you never heard of.  How does that happen?Well, I'm glad it did.  My friend and I have been trying to get together to hike, exercise and have the meeting of the minds to discuss the male Psyche.  Yep, you know!!!!  Anyways, she suggested Lindo Lake.It's a straight shot if you live out in East County, off the 67.  I hardly ever go to Lakeside and loved the little drive down Maine street onto Lakeshore Drive.This park is so clean, open, paths everywhere, play areas and get this.  WORKOUT AREA with rowing machines, ab machines, bike and so much more.  Do you know how happy I was to get a workout while enjoying the fresh air.  Oh wait!  there's more!  I noticed tennis courts and fishing.  I love this place!So!!! Did we figure out the male Psyche? NO!  But this place was definitely good for our own peace of mind.  : )Check it out and let me know what you think : )  Enjoy!
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,4/2/2012,204,414,13,14,13>Was in the mood for meat and finally decided to try The Habit. Hubby tried the Mushroom Swiss Char and I'd give it a 3 stars. I am HUGE fan of mushrooms and melted swiss cheese but this one was just ok for me. My Tri-Tip sandwich, on the other hand, was one of the yummiest I have had. My only beef (ha, ha ... get it ... beef) with it was that the chunks of meat were a bit of the big side. Kind of hard to get it all in one bite. Still, tasty and quite flavorful.Onion Rings?  YES PLEASE!  At a $1.95, I would have wanted to order more than one serving but sanity prevailed.  Next time, Habit, next time.I'll be back!
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/1/2012,282,197,13,13,14>I've been here many times. I go here for the music and cold guinness. I'm a personal fan of a dark bar and a questionable crowd. Everyone's there for the same reason, boozin' it up. If you want a comfortable atmosphere and cold, stiff drinks than go to the Stone. The bands are decent and I personally like to go here with friends.  And I need to address the bathroom situation. Don't go here thinking some nice old lady is going to pump your soap and hand you an effin' hand towel. It's a bar! Not a spa... piss and wash your hands. That's the purpose. I love the Stone and I wouldn't have it any other way.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,3/31/2012,1307,1136,18,22,21>Boston, ahhh yes, my hometown! How I miss thee!!! If you know nothing about Boston, here's a few tips:1) We don't pronounce our "R"s 2) 70 mph is too slow!3) it's not "hella" it's "wicked"4) Don't confuse our accent with Rhode Island's or NY's, kapeesh?5) Most of our colleges in the city of Boston are one of few prestigious ones in the country (take Harvard and MIT)Even if you knew nothing about Boston, you know that we're known for our clam chowda and our baked beans! And if you think eating New England clam chowder out of a can is the same thing as eating a genuine bowl of it from Boston, you're wrong! First off, it's CHOWDAH, not CHOWDER. Second, that watered down stuff you've had at other restaurants and stores...they don't put the real deal of clams in it! The real clams come from Ipswich, if you have no idea where that is, it's in MA! Also, our lobsters have claws filled with sweet and tender lumps of meat, unlike the dinky little lobsters out here. So coming here, I had to have the lobster roll and let me tell you, it was heaven! It made me nostalgic and felt like home! I also had the clam chowdah and oh wow! This was the real deal! I got some Cape Cod chips to go with it and if I had a Nantucket Nectars, it would have been complete, but they didn't have it. The next time I'm here, I'm going to come on a weekend to have some of their clams and oysters and of course the Fenway Frank and see if it's also the real deal. I was happy to see they had a sandwich called "The Burlington" and the "Lynnfield" towns where I spent a lot of my time in, growing up. I also saw my college banner up there, made me so proud! GO NU! I loved that they had a sign that said "Boston Patriots" because before it was the New England Patriots, they were the Boston Patriots.  So apparently they're opening another Bite of Boston off Governor Road, so I'll have to support that stop as well! Definitely a new favorite stop of mine now!
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,3/29/2012,281,330,11,14,13>LAMB BACON! Now that I have your attention... 4140 is the best new restaurant you'd never find. It's tucked away on a commercial building strip along Morena. Once you do find it, though, you will be mightily impressed.Food (lunch fare)- Short rib sandwich: tender meat, Asian style slaw, pepper jelly- Fries: "steak fries" style with skins on, perfectly crispy, amazingly seasoned - Salad niçoise; huge portion; ahi was seared perfectly. Dressing was a little light (my friend didn't finish the greens)- lamb bacon; a nice thick cut of what we assumed was belly from a lamb; it was crispy, juicy and delicious. You wouldn't mistake it for pig bacon; it deserves its own classification (sorry, vegans)- They also have breakfast/brunch fare, the review of which will appear in a future updateDecor &c.- Nice outdoor patio. The interior space is nice too-- clean and modern, but on one of the 350 nice days a year we are blessed with, you'll probably like the patio outside- Raised bed gardens and planters with herbs everywhere you turned. They were looking a little sad (it was December) but still conveyed a rustic fresh setting- T-shirts & tchotchkes: They sell logo tees which depict the primal cuts of a cow on the front, and their name on the back. Animal primal cuts are my favorite graphic designs lately (sorry again, vegans).
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,3/28/2012,804,248,11,11,12>Cute little old fashion ice cream shop. Prices are reasonable for the quality; they sell only all natural ice creams. I got a single scoop of kahlua crunch which seemed more like 3 scoops for 3 bucks on a sugar cone (without paying extra for it, either).  It had a great coffee flavor but with a light texture and taste to it. Nothing like Cold Stones, which has that richer "cream" texture and heavier taste. They do all sorts: sundaes, floats, banana splits..pretty much whatever you're desiring. I noticed they also had huge cupcakes for sale on their counter top. But what I thought was the cutest thing about this place is that they serve doggy ice cream... and it's all natural, too.As soon as I put down that little cup of ice cream in front of Reese, he was quick to devour it. No doubt by the wag on his tail, he thoroughly enjoyed it just as much as I did mine!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,3/27/2012,313,233,29,11,11>I usually avoid the Gaslamp due to the fact that I don't like guys in Affliction shirts, girls with their va-jayjay's hanging out, and a general mist of Cool Water cologne mixed with Clinique Happy. Oh, and I'm an adult.But, I love this place. It's cozy, warm and inviting. Everyone treats you like an old friend but aren't over the top fake nice. The hubby, kid and I like to come here on Sundays for breakfast and we've never been disappointed. He usually gets the Breakfast Boxty and I get eh Corned Beef and Hash. The portions are large and the flavors are great. I LOVE the soda bread that comes with them too. So damn good. The Irish Coffee is a great chilly day drink too.If you're looking for a place to get shit housed and make a fool of yourself, keep on moving. This place is not for amateur-hour.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,3/26/2012,894,543,13,13,13>Its almost like a whole foods but for pets. You can be pretty much assured that its either organic or homemade here. I didn't see very many name brands of dog food. Quality is great. It is def a bit on  pricey side but there are some great affordable steals in this store. I got my dog some raw lamb femurs. 2 large bones for only $9.00. Sign up for the club card and get an extra $1.00 off. Will def be back for more dog treats!
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,3/25/2012,54,62,6,18,14>Wow I ordinarily don't write reviews about pizzeria's much but I'm sick and tired of paying ridiculous costs for quasi pizza. I stumbled onto this pizza joint and I was really impressed by the pizza crust as well as the homey feel of this pizza joint. The owner was working in the trenches behind the counter and was extremely friendly and welcoming. Bottom line: Pizza crust makes the pizza and the pizza slice that I had here was refreshingly delicious.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,7/31/2014,565,184,8,10,9>So apparently prep kitchen started off as the "to go" restaurant for whisknladle. Wanting to offer good comfort food at lower prices Prep was basically an ordering counter and a couple chairs to wait for your food. I didn't know that....thx John for the history lesson. Now it's become a quaint little restaurant nestled away in La Jolla with nice patio dining. Most people I've talked to didn't even know this place existed and that it was the original prep. This is the only location I hadn't visited and was really excited to check it out. Decided to make reservations for 1pm on a Sunday afternoon because I never had their brunch/lunch. I only knew prep kitchen for their great happy hours or dinners. We were greeted immediately by John the manager and sat. Our server was great and made our visit enjoyable. It took us forever to figure out what we wanted because it all sounded soooo good. I'm usually not that indecisive but our server was very patient and had great suggestions.We started off with the donut holes that came out warm, nice outer texture, the middle was warm and moist. We added some jam and I seriously could have had just the donut holes as a meal. Chilaquiles with braised chipotle chicken, perfect crunchy tortillas, topped with an over easy egg and avo. Huge portion!  Tried the biscuit and chorizo gravy with fried green tomatoes, roasted pardon peppers. The biscuit was buttery and flaky, chorizo flavor was perfect and didn't overwhelm the plate .....uhhhhh I would come back just for this plate. By this time we were stuffed and questioned getting desert. Ok it didn't really take much convincing so we tried the goat cheese torte.....absolute perfect way to end my meal. What else can I rave about?! Thank you Brad, John and Prep Kitchen for a great meal!! Great Elite event!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,7/30/2014,269,277,11,9,6>Humberto, I don't know who you are but damn, you make a Dee-licious burrito. Seriously, my friends and I were jonesing for a bite after a long,bawdy night, but our cab was long gone. Thankfully we were able to walk/ stumble over and purchase one of your fresh, piping hot , asada burritos, and a quesadilla that doubled as a baby blanket for our vegetarian buddy. You sir, are a true gentleman.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,7/29/2014,297,123,11,16,13>I almost fell backwards when I walked into this place, I couldn't believe my eyes so I rubbed them twice. Did I read the menu boards right? I can get coffee and beer and a sandwich and a pastry all in the same place? YES!!!I took a good long look at the pastries and it was a hard decision due to the fact that they all looked so scrumptious. I had the oatmeal apricot cookie and shared a chocolate croissant both were very tasty.  If I see Mexican Mocha I will definitely tried, so I did and it was perfect! I will be coming back soon to try more things on the menu and also try their happy hour menu.  Also they have cute and trendy merchandise for sale, like T-shirts, coffee mugs and those thingies that keep your beer from getting warm or your hand from getting cold. ( sorry I couldn't remember the name and google isn't helping )
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,7/28/2014,190,175,15,20,12>Jedi Master Yoda once said, "Judge me by my size, do you?" and when you look at the facade of Las Cuatro Milpas for the first time, and see the barred windows, you might get scared off. It's not a big place, but there's plenty of seating, some picnic-style benches & other standard tables. Although this restaurant has become highly reviewed on Yelp, it still remains a "hole-in-the-wall" type joint, which is pretty cool & hipster. I love how it's family-run, and you can tell how efficient everything runs because of that. Here's my one-line summary: Prices are cheap, Service is quick, & FOOD IS GOOOOOOOD!ONE STAR: ROLLED TACOSSo whenever I saw that on the menu, I just imagined eating Taquitos in the school cafeteria when I was younger. The rolled tacos here are AMAZING. FULL OF SEASONED PORK & it's got the WORKS ON IT. Lettuce/sourcream/salsa but sadly I didn't think they had any guac :'( noooooooONE STAR: TAMALESI've always loved tamales. Like, it's one of my favorite things in the entire world. Like how Garfield loves Lasagna. Or Popeye loves Spinach. Or Scooby loves his Scooby Snacks.But after eating the tamales here, I realized that I had never had a REAL tamale before. I almost teared up. It. was. so. good. I don't know what an "authentic" tamale is supposed to taste like, but I assume this is pretty close. The masa was moist & the pork was seasoned flavorfully (tad on salty side though) and it just melted in my mouth. It was TAMAZINGS (get it? tamales + amazing?). ONE STAR: SO CHEAP$5 for 5 giant rolled tacos$21 for 12 tamales (~$2 ea)ONE STAR: CHORIZO CON HUEVOYummm! I have never had anything like it! Mexican-style sausage & bean chili! It's not spicy, but you can add some of the red hot chili oil they give you on the counter. if you like it with a kick! I agree with Elite CM Brad. Don't get it with the rice in it. Also- a small will go a LOOOONG way if you're supplementing it with other food. It's pretty heavy.I could keep raving, but you gotta go there & taste it for yourself. Yum! Best to eat your meal there b/c the rolled tacos are best fresh. I've heard the lines can get cray, but I went on a weekday around 1 pm & had no trouble at all. 10 min wait max!Quick tip: CASH ONLY & STREET PARKING! Also- you might need a nap after the meal & you should probably do like 1 hour of cardio too.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,7/27/2014,98,26,1,14,11>This place has impressed me much with the things they are doing right. I have visited this place many times and every time I have experienced first class services there. The staff is more co operative and very nice. The burgers I have tasted here are wonderful. I am very grateful to Station Burgers they are best in the town. I am Loving this place. i am very blessed to get such a nice place this area. Highly recommended for all.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,7/26/2014,185,210,12,8,7>This is a good time-machine. A meatball sub or even a cold cut would fill you up. And it hit's the spot on the sunniest, steamiest, saltiest, sweatiest, sandiest, sun-tan lotioniest' kinda day. A total classic joint, has a kind of east coast meets west coast flare, it's Italian-AMERICAN...hence the caps on America, it's not trying to be something it's not.OB for the most part is kind of a shit-box as far as food, if you look hard enough there is a few decent spots, overall not a culinary destination, and it's not trying to be either. Hodads is it's flagship burger joint and that kinda sums up OB and rounds it out. Poma's-- gives the you a beachy feel with almost an SF gritty-ness that we all love. They aren't using gluten-free, low sodium, free-range, free trade shit here, that's why you go. It's an SD-OB legend and you grind the sangweeches on the beach with a cold beer. Eating anything on the beach tastes 93% better, fricken scientific fact, fact, FACT.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/25/2014,1194,640,8,12,15>How have I never reviewed this place? I'm appalled at myself. OB Dog Beach is amazing. It's heaven for a pup and for a pup's parent. My dog is sooo happy here. He is the cutest. So is every other dog here as well. Sometimes when we come on super busy days, there are 100s of dogs all playing with a super happy look on their face. It's also the land of dog people, which are totally rad people (FYI). The people you come across are all super friendly and it's pretty easy to strike up a conversation. It's especially gorgeous to come here in the evening around sunset. The sky can be incredible, and it's right on the beach, with your pup. So cute, I know. Basically if you want to take your dog to the happiest place on earth, come to Dog Beach. Period.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/24/2014,267,288,9,16,8>One my my all-time-favorite restaurants in San Diego! I can't believe that I've been coming here off and on for the last 10 years and not yet written a review! I discovered this gem of a restaurant when they were brand new in 2004... Cruising Ray Street for the "Ray at Night" open art exhibits and ended up going here on a date. The guy didn't turn out to be so great, but this food was HEAVEN! I loved the romantic feel of the outdoor patio and wish that it could've helped my date more... Oh well!The BISCUITS are a MUST GET. Seriously, just order them and enjoy switching between the smoked tomato jam and orange-honey butter. I always think I want one more than the other, but both toppings compliment the biscuits perfectly. 5 biscuits come in an order, but I do need to remind myself that I can order just 1.Usually I order the "fattening" items on the menu. The duck mac & cheese (Duckaroni) was one of my favorites and I absolutely LOVE the "Not Yo Momma's Meatloaf" (Ground Lamb & Pork, Figs, Almonds, Feta, Fig Jus, Confit Potatoes). All of the flavors compliment each other so well. I've only been once for "Blunch" and really enjoyed it. Last time I was a lighter mood, so I tried the Apple & Bibb Salad (Shaved Fennel, Cheddar, Hazelnuts, Apple Vinaigrette). It was excellent and so refreshing.As others have mentioned, it's not the most quiet restaurant, but the ambiance is great and the service has always been fantastic. I love Urban Solace and will continue to recommend it!
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,7/23/2014,292,314,9,12,10>I've been going here for about a month and I love this place. I may have ran a bunch of yellow almost turning red lights just so I could get to their evening classes on time. Not to worry. I'm a safe driver. That's how much I love it. Okay, I will admit that I cry in class sometimes, but that's through no fault of the kickboxing instructors. I'm just hard on myself and push myself to apparently the point of crying. It's still worth it though. After that hour long workout, you walk out of there feeling like you accomplished something. Yes, the workout is intense, but you will make it through. There are always modifications you can do during the circuit training portions of the workout too. Everyone is at their own level and I definitely do some of the modifications if I'm having a really sluggish day. There are only so many push ups I can do man. The instructors are all very friendly and really supportive. They make an effort to learn your names and call your name out during class to keep you motivated. The music is also super motivating. I found myself looking through spotify to find their playlists so I could use it for running. Going to these classes 3 - 4 times a week really conditioned me well for my first 10k and I'm hoping it'll do the same for me for my first half marathon in June. Other things to note: They offer a trial first class for free. First check in on yelp gives you a free week trial or you can just ask them about it after your first class. That week does start the day you use it so pick a less busy week to attend to get the most out of your experience. $5 + tax for daily glove rentals - They have fingerless and non fingerless gloves $7 for wraps - you may or may not need them depending on which gloves you use. I definitely needed wraps for my first time as my fingerless gloves scraped my knuckles pretty badly. After I bought the wraps, everything was good. Also, bring water and a towel, you will SWEAT. If you don't, I applaud you and please tell me your secret. I sweat bucketloads. Attractive, I know. Keep up the great work Joe, Trisha, Shaun, and Angie!
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/22/2014,262,138,7,12,9>My friend and I'm not a vegan but we try to eat healthier. My friend introduced me to this restaurant about a year ago, went to try it out and I loved it! Food was great, but the service was even better  I forgot the waiter's name but he was the tall, skinny and had a buzz cut. He made sure that we were comfortable and did not rush us into ordering. Took his time to explain the menu for us and we really appreciated that. I liked the wonton soup and the thai tea. Ever since I moved down to sd, My diet has been revolving around mexican food. I was delighted to eat asian food!! (Don't get me wrong, I still love mexican food lol!) my thai tea wasn't too sweet and I asked for light ice. Also, I don't think they use msg, plz correct me if Im wrong.My go to spot after hiking with my gang. Also, I don't feel as guilty when I dine here heheheehe I feel healthier in a way.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,7/28/2010,792,572,25,31,32>OMG!  WOW!  YUM!  MMMM!Those were just a few things I overheard as my work's department enjoyed probably one of the best lunches we ate together, EVER!Being the active Yelper I am on this site, I was curious about a new review posted on the home page.  I was wondering, what the heck is this "Ate-Comfort-Cuisine" all about??  After reading the other nine five star reviews prior to their well deserved tenth review I'm writing, I continued on to their website and probably had to wipe the drool off my lap top as I read the dishes that Chef Dave prepares six days a week.I work where we have scientists that work all hours of the evening to continue on with their research and experiments.  We have an on-site cafeteria, but that closes at 2:00 p.m. and is not open on the weekends.  Vending machines can only provide so much, so I continued to explore more options for them.When I learned more about ACC, I had an "aha!" moment.  Why not share their service with everyone that works at my work so they have a better dining option for dinner? Even better, have this available for those about ready to leave the office (and home to their families) to have a hot, yummy dinner in tow when they get home?That's when Ate-Comfort-Cuisine came to the rescue.  I emailed them last Friday morning and within the hour, I received a phone call with an ecstatic fellow on the other end.  James was super cool and told me more about their business and he'd be happy to provide me flyers and magnets to distribute.  The excitement didn't end there, Chef Dave brought over an assortment of items from their menu for us to sample and not one dish was disappointing.  Everything from the Chicago-style deep dish pizza, to the Thai chicken yellow curry, to the lasagna, to the meat loaf with gravy, to the chicken pot pie, to the salad with delicious made-from-scratch dressing, to the chicken with cous cous was all so fantastic!!They really outdid themselves and I'm excited to share the excellence of this business with the other thousand employees that work where I spend my days at.  It's that good and the scientists will probably be happy they won't have to call for pizza delivery as their minimal option when they're in the lab.Kudos to Chef Dave and his business partner, James.  You guys have a good thing going here and I can't tell you how excited I am to be in on the goodness your business has to offer.  To say these guys are awesome and their food is gratifying is simply an understatement.  If you live or work in the UTC, Sorrento Valley, UCSD, Carmel Valley or Mira Mesa area, consider yourself very lucky to have Ate-Comfort-Cuisine here to deliver an outstanding ten dollar meal you will love and never regret eating!  Your waistline might think otherwise, but that's what the treadmill is for, right?
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,7/27/2010,594,225,20,23,21>Is it me or did the chicken fried bun taste a lot like something I'd get at dim sum?  Mmmmm..Continent European Deli just gave me an idea for my next business venture - an Asian Russian fusion restaurant!Char siu borscht!Chicken feet perogi!Sweet and sour salo!Ok...back to the review...Continent is the perfect place for Russki expats and wanna-be Russki (ie. menya) to get their Russian food fix.  Stuffed fried buns, stuffed mushrooms, stuffed eggplant and stuffed chicken legs (I'm starting to notice a pattern here) are all laid out on display.  A variety of salads can also be bought by the pound.  I highly recommend their poppy seed cake, but watch out for the poppy seeds getting stuck in your teeth!The deli doubles as a market where you can get candies, chocolates, drinks, breads and meats from the Mother Land...err, I was referring to Russia, not China.Continent is horosho in my book, Comrade!
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,7/26/2010,741,244,9,13,15>My mouth is watering thinking about Milo's Pizza Milo's coupons have been left on our door for months now. Took a shot and ordered The Works Pizza along with their cheese bread. Sunday was now our 3rd time having Milo's delivery. It's definitely my top 5 pizza joints in San Diego. The prices are good and the delivery is pretty fast. Can't wait to try their calzones, Pesto pizza and sandwiches.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,7/25/2010,242,154,25,13,9>This insanely underrated, original gangster rooftop bar of the Gaslamp has by far the best view and most eye-appealing decor in downtown.Not like it's whorier sister rooftops, the Ivy and Hard Rock. Yeah, guys, that's real great, charge me 16 dollars for a drink and don't even ASK before you inject it with chlamydia. Not cool, dude. Not cool.ALTITUDE has a great firepit, tons of seating (super important for people who fucking hate standing [me]), and as I stated previously- a phenomenal view of the bay, Point Loma, and beyond. Although the drink prices are a bit steep for my under-the-poverty-line income, I don't mind classin' it up here every once in a while, like a fancy treat. Sort of like how sometimes (SOMETIMES, 'cause I ain't no richy) I'll splurge and get Jack Link's American Jerky & Cheese Combo instead of a Slim Jim Beef 'n Cheese Twin Pack.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2009,7/24/2010,260,217,10,15,12>I LOVE how this place has brick walls, reminiscent of a lounge in Chicago or Boston.Everything about the ambiance here, I love.  Well, ALMOST everything.  The lighting is warm; on the darker side - perfect for this kind of place. The artwork on the walls is attractive, and I loved the music (think Thievery Corporation).  The service is always incredibly warm and friendly.  The only thing I would change is the front wall.  The door needs to be something other than glass, and to not be left open.  Put up a dark curtain or something.  When inside here, it almost feels like another world...when in any kind of place, I love it when the atmosphere is so cool / unique that you kind of forget about the world outside.  This place would be like that if they did something about the door!Anyway, enough about the door.  The hummus and vegetable plate appetizer was pretty good (small serving), and the flat bread pizza was great.  Definitely big enough to serve two.  The wait for these though, was VERY, VERY LONG - I came here with my brother, and I think we had time to discuss every holiday ever spent together and creepy relative about 3 times each.The first time I came, I opted to just get a glass of wine instead of doing the splashes, and liked my Pinot Noir.  The other times I came though, I ventured out and got one of the cards.  Each splash is kind of small - about two sips, but I didn't feel ripped off at all.  You can get splashes anywhere from 95 cents to $5 (actually I don't know - maybe more than $5...I stayed away from THOSE sampling stations!).  For $15 - $20, you can get the equivalent of about 2 glasses with the added entertainment of trying a variety, and discovering new wine.  This can come in especially handy if you're on a first date, or with someone to whom you only want to make polite, wine related convo.  Overall - I highly recommend!
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2009,7/23/2010,240,206,12,11,11>Althought I am sad that they closed down EZ Take Out Burger from this location, its not a total loss because I had a Philly cheesesteak burrito here the other night and it was really good!! The steak was sooo flavorful and tender. I also had the California burrito and I swear its seasoned with crack. There's other interesting burritos like the Buffalo Chicken or the Caesar. My roomie had the Super Nachos.. And my god, "Super" is an understatement! It was HUGE! I will definitelyyyy be back to try all of the stuff on the menu!
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,7/22/2010,422,124,17,15,14>What's not to love about this place?  You eat with your hands, your food comes in a bag, the table is your plate, you get to wear this cool bib and my boyfriend cracks all the crab legs for me... the last part isn't a part of the restaurant but an added bonus for me when we go there together :-PCareful if you have cuts or have dry, cracked hands... they will sting as a result of the seasoning mixes. And if you didn't know your hands were dry, you will know by the time you start eating.   I learned the hard way.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/25/2010,7/21/2010,1800,266,14,16,14>WHO knew that gluten free, organic cupcakes could be good? Certainly not me.I do not ever play in to organic or wheat/gluten/real food free foolishness because I intend to leave this world with a full belly of a lot of awesome foods. Thats just me! (: However my boss is in to all that stuff so I like to take mental notes of places that cater to that so I throw them at her when needed.At any rate, after our delicious burger at Smashburger, the bf and I decided to pop in here for a final treat since it was close.The atmosphere is beyond five stars in my opinion. I love anywhere with a DJ spinning, ESPECIALLY somewhere with sweets!It was super modern, super simple and clean inside.We got peanut butter , red velvet and vanilla mini cuppies. They are perfect to cut into two bites and share.Red velvet: Delicious. A little dry but the icing was exquisite.Peanut butter/chocolate: Of course my favorite because Im a peanut butter FIEND. The chocolate cake was soft and the icing was delicious.Vanilla: Literally made me gag. I actually almost threw up after eating it and the bf didnt even finish his half bite. It just had a bizarre taste and texture.Overall, I dont know if I would necessarily to go out of my way to go back there, simply because for a quarter of the price I can have a bomb piece of cake from Vons and it contains all the best chemicals, real sugars and ingredients this fat girl could ever want!But with my sweet tooth and obese brain, who ever knows where I will end up...we shall see!
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2009,7/20/2010,432,198,23,17,16>Date: 12-20-09Venue: Soju TownEvent: CGK Secret SantaDress: Formal attireI love my friends. They are the most creative, funny, wild, talented(some of them),spirited, energetic.....(the list can go on and on) group of guys I know. I consider myself very fortunate to be part of this group. Every person in the group brings something special to the table. Each has their own sense of humor. Its always laughs and good times with these guys. There's a special "Bromance" we all share with one another. I would do anything for these guys and I know they would do the same for me.So we decided to have our Secret Santa at Soju Town. My friend Christian G.( christiang.yelp.com) told his ex that we were doing a gift exchange and her reply was, "guys do that??"I laughed when he told me that. Of course guys do that! Plus we aren't your average group of guys. We are CGK...GOOD:- Food was cheaper than our usual spot of MSC.- Service was good.- Karaoke stage: props to Seth B. for jumping on and getting his "singing" his heart out- Karaoke rooms: Throw 8 drunk guys in a room and you got yourself entertainment for the night.- Song selection: that night we were members of Nsync, Boyz II Men, sang Neyo songs, emo songs, dedicated songs to patrons in the restaurant, to each other, had a blast!BAD:- Soju. A little on the strong side. We are used to the sweet tasting ones. The kind that you think is "weak" but slaps you in the face at the end. The kind we call, the "creeper"- 8 faded guys in a room: At one point we had the door wide open singing "Its rainning men" as one guy would walk out one by one to use the restroom.- Our voices: Karaoke is meant for those who once hoped for a spot on American Idol but didn't have the voice to make it on. Karaoke is where "singing" your heart out and scoring a 100 will boost up your confidence and have you thinking you are the next Kelly Clarkson or Adam Lambert.UGLY:- Our Hero Albert W. No I'm kidding, he's not that ugly. Haha I ran into him outside as I walked in with my friends. We didn't get the chance to throw back some drinks and sing that duet he's been dying to do with me. Next time buddy, for sure!!- As the night ended: CGK secret santa 2009 came to an end. We would have to wait a whole year for Secret Santa 2010. Drunken karaoke on the other hand, we do that all the time =)Here is an excerpt from CGKs myspace. It perfectly describes this group of friends:"2009 is in fullswing and already there had been some watershed events that have changed the course of this great group of friends. But no matter how far we will stray from one another, our great bond will always tie us together. Like a lifeline between mountain climbers, we will always have each others back. This is the gradual slope that pushes us towards the inevitable sea. It is the sheer and jagged rocks that we all climbed together to our journey to the top. It is our testament to science and our vehicle for time travel. This is the history we all share, and this is the Bromance that will never die."MERRY CHRISTMAS AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS YELPERS!!
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,7/19/2010,2030,893,5,22,22>By far the most life changing experience I've yet to have in my life. Team in Training is a non-profit organization which raises money to benefit the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. This is a cause that I will support for the rest of my life.i joined Team in Training last year and have since done several events with them; The Nike Marathon and the Wildflower Olympic Distance Triathlon.  If I weren't on the injured list, I would be training for another Triathlon with the TEAM and hope to do my first half ironman in the next year or so. I joined to fulfill a personal goal of completing an Olympic distance triathlon (1.5k Swim, 40k Bike, 10k Run) and not only accomplished my goal by crossing the finish line but walked away with a life lesson that I will forever hold close to my heart.  The people you meet, the camaraderie you have with your teammates, the stories you hear of your honored teammates affected by cancer - and the tears you shed after crossing the finish line will forever bond you with those on your TEAM.Until yesterday, other than the wonderful people I met through Team in Training, I didn't a personal connection with the organization. Meaning, no one close to me had ever been diagnosed with a blood related disease. That is until last night when my sister called me to tell me her best friends 2 year old daughter was diagnosed with Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia. It hit closer to home than ever and obviously, it was very upsetting. We are all in a state of shock and our hearts broke for the family and for the baby who without a doubt, will have face the toughest battle in her life. It isn't fair! We're all feeling pretty useless at the moment but I felt I needed to get this review out to spread the word about blood related cancers such as Leukemia, Hodgkin Lymphoma, non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, Myeloma and Myelodysplastic syndrome--and to inspire people to join and support the organization.Sadly, every 4 minutes, one person is diagnosed with a blood cancer and every 9 minutes, someone loses their battle. Leukemia causes more deaths than any other cancer among children and young adults under the age of 20. These statistics are unsettling to say the least. I haven't been cleared from my Dr. to start training for endurance events, but you better believe the minute I am...I will be hitting the pavement.  if you've ever wanted a challenge and/or wanted to get involved in a non-profit to give back. The Leukemia and Lymphoma Society is a great organization that I'd highly recommend. Through Team in Training, you can train and complete an endurance event that you otherwise would probably never do by yourself--and you not only gain friendships that will last a lifetime, you will in fact, save a life. Visit leukemia-lymphoma.org/hm… to find a Team in Training Chapter in your area. And if you see anyone sporting the Team in Training Green and Purple gear while they're training, cheer them on with a "GO TEAM". Believe me - I've been on the road, cycling 50+ miles, running 10+ miles and ready to give up and then someone will walk by or drive by and yell GO TEAM and it'll fire me up enough to finish my workout. It's amazing!  I have no doubt you will have the most amazing experience. GO TEAM!
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,5/28/2011,722,527,13,14,13>big surprise. more authentic chinese food in the clairemont, convoy area. crazy i know! /end sarcasmour lazy susan looked a little like this:- honey walnut shrimp - slightly sweet and creamy mayo covered prawns tossed with candied walnuts- mu shu chicken - warm crepes stuffed with shoyu chicken, chinese cabbage and other veggies served with a peanut sauce- salted pepper chicken wings - deep fried wings tossed with chili peppers, scallions, and garlic- jelly fish salad - cold jelly fish style noodles- yang chow fried rice - yellow fried rice with char siu pork, shrimp and veggiesgreat asian and white table cloth decor.a little pricey tho for chinese food IMO.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,5/27/2011,792,572,18,21,21>I haven't even written my review yet, but I'm already salivating over the dishes I remember enjoying here the last two times.  If you live in the Scripps Ranch/Mira Mesa area, you're very lucky to have Kappa Sushi in your hood.My boyfriend and I went to the soft opening in mid-September and had a few things on their menu (descriptions are right off their on-line menu by the way):  creamy mermaid (jumbo shrimp and cream cheese spring roll served with a wasabi cocktail sauce), spicy garlic edamame, a B.L.T. roll (which is my new ultimate favorite roll in the entire universe since it has crispy bacon, lobster, and avocado roll topped with slices of fresh tuna), and the "Green Eggs & Spam"  which was made with 100% pure Spam broiled and rolled with tamago and avocado topped with wasabi tobiko and a teriyaki sauce.Are you salivating as much as I am at this very moment??  For visit number two, we went in for lunch and had the pleasure of dining at the sushi bar in front of our wonderful friend/sushi chef, Myles.  Myles and the other two guys are very personable and accommodating, even with a customer that sat nearby that had extreme allergies to a number of things and had to order very carefully.  My thoughts?  Why bother eating out woman.  You're allergic to soy, wheat and dairy?  Sucks for you. =(We were starving on visit number two and I was in the mood for chicken katsu, so I got that with my bento box lunch order that came with miso soup, salad, steamed rice and veggie tempura.  We also had chicken karaage (always delicious), warm bacon and spinach salad, spicy garlic edamame and whatever else roll Myles prepared for our above-average appetite on this particular day.I love everything about Kappa Sushi, the location, open parking, the people that work there, the great service, friendly smiles and of course, the bombdotcom food.  If you go to Kappa, do yourself a favor and go there crazy hungry, you'll leave there crazy happy...just like crazy jojo. =)
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,5/26/2011,645,258,13,18,15>Damn! I guess I won't be the first to review. I've heard about The Chicken Pot Pie Shop forever! I mean even out of towners would visit and tell me about The Chicken Pot Pie Shop and I still never went for one reason or another. So on this rainy San Diego day a cute guy asked me if I wanted to eat at The Chicken Pot Pie Shop? Okay, so I knew him but I just wanted this to sound good. So we went! Driving up and parking it doesn't look like much from the outside, however, once you get inside, well...it doesn't look like much either. I quickly noticed a sign that said "SPECIAL OF THE DAY" which was a BLT and french fries for $4.95, Even though their specialty is Chicken Pot Pies I decided to order the BLT. Cute guy ordered the Chicken Pot Pie dinner. Our waitress was sweet. Looked like she was built in the 50's along with the decor. She was sweet and service was quick. My BLT was yummy and my french fries were perfect. You know, not too limp and just enough crisp. Cute guy let me taste his veggies, pot pie and mashed potato's and I must say I think I liked his even more. Now here's the best part. Our check came and the total was $13 even. I swear I spent that at my last drive-thru at Jack in the Box. For me it was worth it and cute guy enjoyed it also.... ...Oh and the Pot Pie meal even comes with dessert. PIE!Now how's all that for $13.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,5/25/2011,620,1444,16,19,17>Beef and chicken kebab entree w/ side salad (dinner portion for lunch)Borjomi (Georgian) seltzer water Am I allowed to say, "Zomg! This is sooooo good?!" like a 12-year old?It appears as if these people looked up the word, "Perfection," then grilled it to order. Sexy perfume? Football? Bacon? David Beckham? Fast cars? No... If you want to attract someone, rub some Parsian beef and chicken kebabs on the nape of your neck. Seemingly miraculous tender white meat chicken. You ever hear people say, "Oh, I don't like breast meat because it's too dry." Well, that's because it's cooked improperly. On the day I was there, it was char-grilled to perfection. Oh, so plush (yes, like a pillow). Seasoned perfectly; not too much flavor, not too little flavor. It met exactly at the half-way point of heavenly and divine.Juicy just like the chicken, the beef "kefta-style" kebabs were oh so ridiculously bursting with flavor. Throw a cream pie at my face; I probably wouldn't notice because I'd be in a hypnotic trance induced by the beef kebabs.Their rice? Fluffy and perfect. Hey, Lamb, you think your coat of wool is fluffy? Get outta here. I think my eyes sparkled when the chef scooped another patron's rice on a plate. The rice comes with an unopened pack of butter on top so that it warms the butter and you pour it directly on the rice. It's unopened because you can choose to discard the butter but why on Earth would you do that? Do you throw away gold? (Please excuse the silly pun [Darigold butter]). Wait, wait, wait. You're telling me the pita-style starch is placed strategically underneath the beef and chicken kebabs as to soak the juice and then you eat it with some meat for ridiculously taste-bud stimulating flavor explosion? Brillant. It came with a crappy complimentary side salad. It was a salad you get at a pizzeria (iceburg lettuce, tomatoes, mysterious dressing, etc.) but you don't come here to eat salad, you fool! For the best experience: Get a plate, not a wrap. Smurf, go big or go home! Blahlow. Be well.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,5/24/2011,149,72,19,20,18>Hi, Julian.I think I'm ready to dump Thomas and smother up my butter and jelly on you, instead.For, real, though:With ingredients like stone ground whole grain, you'd expect all kinds of cardboard-tasting nasty, but the flavor and the chewiness of Julian's Apple-Cinammon-Raisin after a 90-second run through the toaster, reaches a level of deliciousness I never thought possible with a loaf of bread.Holy, smokes.Basically: The claim this bakery makes about their stuff being manna from heaven? Ho-Dang. I believe it.Worth every. extra. dollar.Note: If you can't make it to Bird Rock, Whole Foods also carries the goods. And if you can't make it to Whole Foods... well, I guess it's time to start praying for bread to start falling from the sky again.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,5/23/2011,302,349,10,13,11>Want exotic food in a classy setting to possibly impress a vegan date? And eat with your food with your hands without getting embarrassed?!? Look no further than Muzita, the up-and-coming Ethiopian restaurant that lives up to its hype. They have meat stuff too, if your date is a carnivore, but their vegan "Shiro" is... so amazing! Never knew ground-up chickpeas w/ spices can be so good. Also we loved the appetizer called "Birsn Korosho" with spicy lentil spread and crispy injera. MMmmmMMM! Injera is normally fluffy (bread) but is extra tasty when it's deep fried! Kind of oily though, of course... Food here is generally a bit oily, so maybe get some sweet honey wine or mango martini to chug it down. Yeah get the MANGO MARTINI! It's yummy! The side dishes didn't amaze us as much though, or the most expensive vegetarian dish on the menu, "Kantisha Kilwa" that's supposed to be spicy. (It wasn't.) But food in general is adequately priced ($9-12 for veg entrees), compared to other Ethiopian restaurants, according to my friend. We really wanted to try their desserts too, but were way too stuffed. Food quantity is quite big. Oh, and yes they do have forks if you're not into eating-with-your-hands thang.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,5/22/2011,1800,266,6,13,12>Oh MAN!Best BREAD ever!Went here last night with the mister on yet another shopping excursion and was too thrilled with our dinner.He got the chicken basil tomato sandwich. It was DELICIOUS and I hate avocados! The bread is so perfect, hot and soft and tasty. The chicken was not too dry but not to juicy it made a mess. The tomatoes, onions and basil were my very favorite parts.As for my fat self, I ordered a BBQ chicken salad which I have had before and is amazing but at the last minute, I changed my mind at the suggestion of the cashier and got the grilled cheese with a side caesar salad. BEST DECISION OF MY LIFE! Well, maybe not but close.The cheese was so gooey and steaming hot and the garlicky but sweet taste of the bread just blew my fat girl mind. The tiny salad was almost a little too tiny but I dont need to eat much so it was perfect. AND, it was only $4!Next time, I think I will ask for a tomato, basil, mozzerella grilled cheese and see how that goes. If they dont go for that, the grilled cheddar sandwich was phenomenal enough for me!
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,5/21/2011,1165,834,24,25,25>I practically jumped onto the table-top and belted out an impromptu rendition of Katy Perry's "Hot N Cold" when I tasted Heaven Sent's bread pudding, an orgasmically delicious combo of hot pudding with cold vanilla ice cream melting on top.....Too bad I'm not the one that I ordered it.  ;-(The bread pudding was wifey's idea.  So, major props to her.  :-)I opted for the fruit tart, which was good, but not nearly as amazing as the bread pudding.  I suppose my main complaint about the fruit tart was its shell, which was much too hard.  This was borderline jackhammer material, man.  On the other hand, the fruit tart did offer a pleasant surprise in the form of some kiwi slices.  I looooove kiwi (especially when it's covered in syrup), so that was a nice touch.Dessert aside, Heaven Sent is a totally rad little spot.  Right smack in the heart of North Park, it's a lot smaller and cozier inside than it appears on the outside.  The line to order was out the door when I arrived, but it seemed to move quickly.  The decor is comfy, but the barrage of posters advertising their wedding cakes and cupcake towers was a bit much.Oh!  It turns out they have live music sometimes.  On the night that I visited, some girl was belting out tunes straight out of VH1's "I Love the '90s!".  Major bonus points just for that.In summary:Bread pudding = amazing.Katy Perry = meh.Fruit tart = good.VH1's "I Love the '90s!" = AWESOME.Heaven Sent Desserts = 4 stars.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,5/20/2011,229,111,8,21,13>Ochoa Family Chorizo sells salsa, cheese, and chorizo. You can buy it by the meter, or in a few items they make on the spot. Choice of pork, beef, or chicken. They make burritos with your choice of eggs, beans, and potatoes. They also make quesadillas with chorizo. These items come with some Ochoa salsa. I tried one of each at lunch recently. Its a large amount of food.The flavor is good and it is very fresh. The prices are competitive. Its a small shop with 2 tables, but you can order food to go.Their business card lists: Chorizo Casero, Cheese, Salsas, Cesina, Tortillas and more.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,5/19/2011,667,299,15,17,13>I like it here so does that make me a no future having pot head?The motto should read 'OB where everyone's too high to give a fu*k'Call me what you but I love OB & the chill vibe it has to offerWhy am I never offered any weed out there? I would gladly except I have never felt like I was going to get robbed or shanked by crackhead/hippies seems like their too buzzed to even lift their heads out of the sandThe only think I don't like about the beach or any beach for that matter is the bathrooms My god their horrible & why are the stall doors so low that a little kid can look over it & see you on the toiletDoes everyone else just pee in the ocean or what because no one complains about the bathrooms ever YUCKI can picture a crime scene there since its no door to get in the bathrooms & sucky stallsLove the pier Love OB
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,11/1/2009,722,527,17,21,19>i like ciro's. when the wife and i lived in downtown, theres no way we got any of those "other" guys to deliver to our apt. Ciro's pies were always on our radar first.the GRUB:- NYC thin crust - i like it thin- chicken parmesian pies with fired pieces of chicken, cheese and sauce was delish- spicy buffalo chicken was good - i added pineapples - made it better- classic pepperoni was off the hookthe JOINT:- was a decent joint when it was a hole in the wall, better now since they upgraded to a larger space- seating- open late night- downtown gem on 6ththe SQUEEZE:- $6 for 2 slices and a coke- Delivery in downtown and surrounding- Cash and CardFINAL SAY:downtown nyc style pizza that is as good as it gets.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,10/30/2009,318,307,14,15,16>At 1 am after a hard night of Karaoke it only seems right that Jimmy Wong would be our stop. My Rockn Roll mama and i were hungry for some good grub, tired of going to La Posta and Hong Kongs, we thought it would be great to go into Jimmy Wongs since it has amazing food and open to us late night drunkards!I ordered the wontons with curry potato inside, and mama had the tom yum soup with shrimp.  it was all oh so so yummy.  the entertainment of the night was the lovely trannies and the pretty bois who were arguing about who was taking who home.  Trashed people from all over hillcrest come to Jimmy Wongs for the great food and amazing entertainment.  ill keep this in my midnight rotation.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,10/29/2009,734,200,18,21,19>$9.99 for a steak, mashed potatoes, steamed veggies, and a 16oz domestic draft! Yes kids you heard me right! On Tuesday nights you pay only $9.99 for a complete steak dinner including booze! And it isn't the dog meat kind of steak. It's a pretty good cut! They give you a choice of T-Bone, Ribeye, or NY Strip. I went with the Ribeye. It was cooked perfectly medium rare. I gave my beer to my boyfriend and ordered a glass of Pinot Noir that was on special for half price! Wooooo Hoooooo! For the price it doesn't get much better!
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2009,10/28/2009,127,251,9,15,12>Hmm. Well...it wasn't what I was expecting. My brother and I went to San Diego Air & Space Museum to kill some time for Easter. There was a Da Vinci exhibit (I think it was called The Da Vinci Experience) going on in addition to the normal exhibits, so we decided to check it out. On the way there, we passed the Automotive Museum. I told my brother that I'd had a good time there and had enjoyed all of the classic cars that were in the hot rod exhibit. I wouldn't have minded seeing it again, but in the end, we decided to see something new.We entered the huge Air & Space museum and bought tickets for the "combined experience," or Da Vinci and the airplanes. For the two of us, the admission was mere cents away from FIFTY DOLLARS! Yikes. I think I mumbled something like, "Oh, shit. I guess we should have gone to see the cars!"The Da Vinci exhibit was probably my favorite part. There were lots of models of machines that Leonardo Da Vinci probably constructed, and it was cool to see how many of them were the basis for today's machines. Dude was smart! There was also a pretty rad video (you can look it up on YouTube if you want to save yourself fifty bucks) of extreme base jumpers, absolutely flying in these squirrel suits. The Da Vinci Experience wins the points because there was an interactive exhibit, some touchable models, a collection of his art (I LOVED that), and fun activities at the end (you could take home and make your own paper boats, airplanes, crossword puzzles, etcetera, and mail a postcard to a friend for free! For snail mail junkies like my brother and I, this was a big deal.). The only reason The Da Vinci Experience didn't win points? As I said to my brother before we entered, "Ooh! I hope we get to run through halls of priceless artifacts and paintings while crazy people with guns chase us!" Well, there were no guns and no running, just a cute, little, old man at the entrance who had decided to stick the number 89 on his head with numerical stickers. The "regular" part of the museum was interesting, but it just wasn't my thing. My dad would probably love it, as there were lots of planes from each World War, newer jets, etcetera. I DID learn that Sally Ride, the first American woman in space, likes to go to Starbucks and lives in San Diego (she's one of my brother's regular customers, and he recognized her from the picture in the exhibit). Some of the smaller artifacts were of interest to me, like the glass chest containing items that once belonged to The Red Baron, or uniforms and medals from soldiers in the wars of yesteryear.In all, this is a good place to go if: You have money, time, and an interest in all things that fly.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,10/27/2009,312,137,16,22,18>Hiiiiigh hopes...I've got hiiiiigh hopes for West Coast Tavern...despite being connected to True North *shudders* But hey, Brian FREAKIN Malarkey was there (and I managed NOT to turn into a fan chick)! They aren't officially open yet but I attended their soft openings and had some pretty tasty vittles. Braised Pork Cheek Sliders, Triple Dip with White Bean Hummus, Red Pepper Romesco and Eggplant Puree, Spice Crusted Seared Ahi with Pumpkin Seed Pesto, Beef Tenderloin Skewers with Salsa Vert, Lamb Sliders with Feta,  Cocktail Shrimp served with a very nicely seasoned slaw, Mussels in a Garlic Stout sauce, Dungeness Crab Fondue and Tavern Crunch (Spiced Nuts & Popcorn with Smoked Salt Caramel).The Tavern Crunch is ABSOLUTELY addicting. Seriously...way to elevate popcorn to a whole new level.While this hardcore Midwesterner is getting REALLY tired of West Coasters attempts at sliders/mini-burgers, etc, I have to admit the Braised Pork Cheek sliders with Sweet Onion Jam were divine and the Lamb Sliders were a pleasant surprise...moist meat, the perfect amount of feta and a nice soft egg bun...good times. The White Bean Hummus was by far the best offering in the Triple Dip. The Eggplant Puree had a weird flavor that I suspect may be raw pine nuts...it was odd for me but not bad. The Roasted Pepper Romesco was tasty but I think I would have liked it better as a sauce for something versus a dip. They do bake their own pita which was evident and phenomenal!The cocktail shrimp were plump, juicy and very well seasoned and had a unique spiced flavor I couldn't quite figure out but I'm guessing it was a hint of cinnamon. I hate even calling it "cocktail" because it wasn't anything like what you typically think of when you see that on the menu at an American restaurant. Not a hint of a tomato based watery substance was involved. The mussels...okay here's my deal with mussels. Its never really about the mussels for me. It's all about the broth/sauce they're cooked in. In fact, I only ate a couple of the squishy little suckers and mostly dipped bread into the delicious garlic stout they were cooked in. Mind you, this sauce is NOT for the faint of heart. It's very rich and very...uh stouty? stout-like? You know what I'm getting at.All I'm gonna say about the crab fondue is that they had me at REAL crab and cheese. Yep. DONE!The other standouts for me were definitely the spiced seared ahi and the beef tenderloin skewers. Both were cooked perfectly and the pestos they were served with were DELICIOUS!They also have some pretty fabulous specialty drinks...my poison of choice for the evening? The Tanqueray/Grapefruit Juice/Champagne concoction that I never quite got the name of right every time I ordered it. Frenzy, frizzy...something. I also had a cucumber and lime martini. Again. I don't remember the name. The point is that shizz was good!Welcome to the 'hood West Coast Tavern!  I'm looking forward to getting to know you....getting to know everything about youuuuuuuuu! Oh damn, now THAT song is going to be stuck in my head.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,10/25/2009,280,432,22,21,20>I'm in love!So I'm on a diet because the last few pictures of me look like the befores for Slimfast...looks more like I was drinking Slimslow.  So the partner and I have made a conscious effort to eat healthier.  I had driven by this place a couple of times and read some good reviews about it, except for this one angry one, and decided to give it a try.  I'm no expert on vegan/vegetarian food because I'm a carnivore.  However, our choices were tasty.We started with the summer rolls.  They were different than the ones we've eaten at Thai Grill.  I thought they were good, but the partner preferred Thai's.  We then ordered a medium Heavenly Salad, cabbages, carrots, bell peppers, and soy "chicken"?  It had a spicy dressing which was nice.  We also had the lemon grass "chicken" with brown rice.  I will agree with the angry girl that the dish came out dry, but the "chicken" was tasty and I dipped some pieces in the hoisin sauce(?) that came with the summer rolls.  Overall, we will definitely return.  The price is right and they are generous with the portions, especially the salad.  We wondered what the large looked like.  We walked away full.  I don't have that bloated feeling I've had lately after my meal.  I don't feel tired.  Maybe this vegan/vegetarian thing is a good thing.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2009,10/23/2009,189,207,46,22,25>This is gonna ruin my reputation with the ladies even more but I've been to the Brass Rail on several occasions. Only on Monday Night's though. I mean what straight dude doesn't want 80 cent drinks, eighties music and a room full of half naked guys on a casual Monday? Apparently every other straight dude in San Diego. It's cool though...I can handle myself and it's all good just don't go without a representative (i.e. a girl or a gay)...My buddies made me go one day under the guise that we as straight men would have our pick of the straight girl litter...Doesn't work that way at the Brass Rail...I was fondled and hollered at! "I'm not a piece of meat! Thank you for making me feel special though!" Anyway, when some dude told me I was fuckin' hot and than proceeded to perform fake felatio on his middle finger I knew my time at the Rail had ended...I went home but I'm sure I'll return one day when my ego needs a boost...Not a bad place but be prepared for what you may be gettin' into...
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,10/22/2009,645,258,18,25,25>Just to get away to have lunch and mingle with other yelpers rates 5-stars by itself but this place alone gets a 5 star +. The shrimp appetizer was a must have. Ahem next time I know not to grab it with my napkin to have it get stuck onto the wrap it was in. Thanks JC for your handy tip of adding a little water to detach the pieces of hangar-ons. My Lemongrass soup was excellent. Only one thing: You have to enjoy very spicy, hotness when you order this dish. My lips were still tingling when we left. I looked across the table and noticed Mrs. Pattie & I were sniffing like a couple of hound dogs with our eyes watering as we ate. Nonetheless it was delicious!. I really enjoyed my boba tea. YUMMY! Even my glass of wine tasted good which seeing we ordered a little past 12 made it that much easier to justify having a glass. Prices were very reasonable and our waitress was excellent Had a wonderful time and what great company! I can't wait for the next La Mesa get together.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,10/21/2009,158,76,23,31,27>It's all about looking good naked.  At least that is my guess where the name Naked Cafe comes from (that's also a section on their menu). Sounds like my trainer. The name could be just because of the "naked food": meaning without lots of preservatives as formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde, diatomaceous earth, ethanol, dimethyl dicarbonate and methylchloroisothiazolinone. If you can't pronounce it, you kind of don't want it in your food. You don't get it in your food at the Naked Cafe while your taste buds don't have to sacrifice or have to snack among solely hippies. Naked Cafe is a cute little beachy restaurant in Solana Beach overlooking the ocean, that just serves whole and mainly healthy food. It can get busy in the weekends because a lot of surf dudes and beach tourists also frequent the place. It's great for breakfast, lunch or take-out and I again like the fact that they give you the time to eat since I like to come here to catch up with a friend. They make a lot of their own stuff, such as rosemary herb and coconut bread, cake, tortillas, sauces, peanut butter and salad dressings. They have pancakes, fruit, salads, oatmeal, eggs in all varieties, breads, sandwiches, stir-fry, wraps, smoothies and coffees and teas on the menu.  My favorites:- banana blackberry pancakes- roasted beef hash (with horseradish and herb potatoes)- fire cracker omelette (green chile omelette)- buff breakfast burrito (egg whites and chicken)- baby reds and green salad with chicken- sesame ginger chicken soft tacos (in spinach wraps)- grilled steak sandwich- any other sandwich (yeah I am pretty easy).They also sell a couple of home made dressings, I like the The Naked G soy ginger dressing: get dressed!
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2009,10/20/2009,415,328,20,25,25>Fried chicken, pecan glazed chicken, fried pork chops, fried macaroni and cheese balls, fried catfish, fried okra, yams, sweet potato fries, baked mac and cheese, and corn bread were all consumed by me today! ZOMG! I was in delicious fried soul food bliss! You could hear me calling out above our crowd, "more fried chicken over here please". I normally do not even eat chicken. I have to say my favorite thing was the fried mac and cheese balls. They add a little jalapeno in there to give it just the right amount of spice. As awesome as the food was, the service was even better. They took care of our large, loud and hungry crowd. Always bringing out more gravy, more plates of fried goodness, more bowls of sides and the never ending tea. It felt as if we had a group of the best mothers all tending to our happiness. Oh yeah I will be back to get some more of this down home little piece of the South tucked away right here in San Diego.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,1/19/2012,859,450,15,15,15>By far, one of the best meals I have ever had!I cannot stop thinking about how delicious the food was. I clearly found myself right smack in foodie heaven. I like their philosophy that bacon makes everything better.-The deviled farmers' market eggs (with bacon in the yolk part) --- yummy!-The spice rubbed NY strip steak with "twice baked" potatoes (which also had bacon) and with whatever veggies that accompanied it --- DELICIOUS ! ! !Their food is....orgasmic, to say the least. Not to mention that the restaurant itself serves as a good, seductive and intimate setting to get all sexy, sexy with the food.Bankers Hill Bar & Restaurant, in the words of Jerry Maguire, "you....complete me..."
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,1/18/2012,242,2016,14,17,15>Solid, solid, solid!Never tried Urban Solace, but if it executes anything like it's younger brother, then consider it bookmarked!My GF and I were lucky enough to take part in the Friends and Family opening night dinner service two weeks ago.  The food was complimentary and alcoholic beverages were discounted.The most important detail of this restaurant is that the ownership is committed to operating with sustainable methods.  This means that there's tons of reclaimed wood and a bunch of their wines are actually on tap and not poured from bottles.One of their bartenders, Robin, pointed out that San Diego does not recycle wine bottles so providing wine by the tap greatly reduces their footprint.Now onto the food!Crab Brik - fantasticRicotta Fondue - not bad, but paled in comparison to the crabSea Salt Sea Bass - amazing.  protein portion and balance of veggies was spot on.Ribeye - died on the window.  requested med rare temp but came to table lukewarm.  but since it was their first night, I'm sure it was an anomaly, not business as usual.Peanut Butter and Chocolate Creme Brulee - AMAZING.  The crust was perfect.  PERFECT.  Hands down the best Creme Brulee I've ever had.When I think of best things I've ever had, I think mostly of restaurants in NYC, Las Vegas, and Jersey.  For me, California is the land of great Mexican food and burgers.  Creme Brulee was never on the radar and for a restaurant to execute such mastery on it's opening night is quite astounding if you think about it.If you can make it to Solace, I suggest you reserve a table upstairs, that's where all of the action is and a seafood raw bar to boot.  But the overall vibe of the restaurant is laid back, as a large print of "The Dude" that graces a wall tends to suggest.It's easy to see what works at Solace and what doesn't work will more than likely be improved.  And it's fair to assume that Solace will eventually be the top gastric destination in Encinitas.Count me in...
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,1/17/2012,497,132,22,15,15>Recently went to Phils for the first time. The line wasn't that bad, and they had a guy posted up slanging cold beer outside, which was genius.  It made me completely forget about standing in line. "line? what line? I gots me a cold beer, bishes!"Before I knew it I was knee-deep in BBQ.bbq chicken.bbq ribs.onion rings.fries.mac salad.bbq baked beans.It was very delicious. Tasty, tangy sauce, tender meats... I put in work, like a bawse.If i'm ever on death row and had one last meal request, i'd say "Gimme some Motherf***ing PHILS, bish!"(like.a.bawse)
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,1/16/2012,162,93,13,11,9>However you pronounce it--- 'Coles', 'Cow-les', 'Coolio-s', whatever, this is my go-to hiking spot in San Diego. Really, whats not to love?-Can be done anytime, in just a few hours-Strenuous but not TOOOO strenuous. I get passed by old ladies all the time so that says something. Or does it say that I'm a weakling?-SWEET views from the top and along the way. That is the reward! -Plenty of parking. If it is busy and you have to park a little far, down the street, you get an extra 3 minute walk added to your workout. Woohoo! -There's always some eye-candy running up this thing. Take a picnic lunch and enjoy dining up top with better views than even Mister A's. And don't forget to touch the headstone thing because if you don't, it's as if you never hiked Cowles.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,1/15/2012,241,190,7,9,8>To compare this place to Phil's wouldn't be fair to either. While Phil's more or less grills (high direct heat), Coop's by traditional definition barbeques (low indirect smoke). You can taste it in the meat and see it since Phil's would have char while Coop's would have the distinct pink smoke ring. The sauces are vastly different as well - Phil's is very vinegary and Coop's is much sweeter. Other differences include meat and side dish selections.I came here with my brother around lunchtime on a Sunday and service was exceptional. The restaurant is clean and the staff very friendly and helpful with giving us suggestions. We had a sample of the meats and I have to say the brisket was far and away the best. Thick sliced, moist, and well seasoned. Pork ribs were good, but a bit dry. The sausage had a good smoke flavor and went well with the sauce. The sauce, to me, might be a preference thing but I found it to be distractingly sweet. I definitely tasted molasses in there but wish it had a more balanced flavor. Side dishes were great. Fresh cornbread, baked beans, and yams. Y A M S!!!I would definitely have to recommend Coop's as a change of pace if you are used to the madhouse that is Phil's. I wouldn't want to say one is better than the other. They are just different. Try both and go back to the one you prefer.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,1/14/2012,971,479,8,12,19>So this is what blew me away.... THE CRUNCH - shrimp tempura, avocado, imitation crab and shredded potato crunch....  **view my picture that I uploaded** Presentation of the crunch was impressive and the taste was absolutely superb... I found me the best CRUNCH (Tempura Roll) in SD.  As we were sitting there I could not help but to moan and groan about it... MMMM MMMM WOW!  MMMM MMMM... Chris was like YUMMY isn't it?!... this is good stuff right.?!.. I continued to nod my head.  Jay, the owner, asked how everything was and I gave him the two thumbs up as Chris continued to explain how I love tempura rolls and this is by far the best I've had.  With that said, Jay offered to give me a  taste of the "apple cider sake" and wanted me to give him my opinion on the flavor.  It was refreshing!  After we were done with our meal, Jay made us a beautiful dessert dish... see photo.  I felt really special to have all that much attention from the owner himself.   My water was always filled and we were always asked of how we were doing and if we needed anything else.  GREAT SERVICE! The decor is up to date... nothing out dated so that's good.  At the front entrance, there's a lady (statue) holding a menu for you to view prior to walking in.  I know this place is new (about 3 months) but I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a great sushi joint. Nice background hip hop music but still able to have a conversation... nothing loud... If you're ever in Poway check them out!  I'm in love with Ichiban Sushi... You now have my heart unless someone else steals it away...
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,1/13/2012,647,343,10,12,11>This place is totally legit!Don't let its odd/semi-questionable location deter you.  The Aero Club Bar will be seeing me again repeatedly because:- VARIETY, VARIETY, VARIETY!  So. Many. Drink. Options.  - The bartenders are awesome & nice; mine steered me in the direction of a winning drink: the "cream soda" - an epic vodka concoction- Fun decor!- Pool tables in the back- Reasonable drink prices- Bar was busy, and it was pretty full for a Thursday without being overcrowded...the appropriate level of crowdedness?- Playing Talledega Nights on TV- GREAT music (I nearly wet myself when Solsbury Hill came on..."my heart went boom boom boom," so to speak)- The pinball machine gave us like 3 free rounds, I swear.  Best value for a bar game I've ever paid, and I've ridden a mechanical bull.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,1/12/2012,604,416,8,10,10>I came here on a night I worked because I promised some friends dinner at work.  I was pleasantly surprised that they were open till 11:00pm on a Friday.  I ordered two pizzas one veggie and the other supreme.  The veggie pizza had artichoke hearts, bell pepper, onions and so many other veggies as well as fresh garlic.It was quite nice.  I like that the veggies were cut in decent sizes.  I hate getting half a freakin onion on my slice.  The cheese wasn't overdone either.  Yes there is such a thing as too much cheese!The supreme was damn good.  I know it had meats, veggies and of course cheese.  I liked this one more maybe because I love me some meat.  All the flavors blended quite well.  I will be getting this bad boy again.  I couldn't leave without a cake pop! Yes I said cake pop. They also have pubcakes which are one of my personal favorites. Next time I go I'm trying the white pizza it sounds awesome!
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,1/11/2012,656,263,13,18,13>$10 Manic Mondays for those in the know! What are Manic Mondays, you ask? Well, let me tell you. You get your choice of a Rib Eye, Top Sirloin or other cuts of cow and garlic bread that you grill to your liking along with a monster salad chock full of colorful veggies. I found out about this deal through a friend who put together a birthday dinner for my other good friend Gabi. What do you get when you mix a gaggle of crazy dolled up ladies, ply them with delicious food & booze galore? Good times, let me tell YOU. Good times.You will be presented with raw meat that you cook on a communal grill where they offer the requisite seasonings and sauces if you're not a purist like me. I like to think I know my way around the grill so my rib eye was grilled a perfect medium. However, if you don't know how to grill, I suggest you have someone else do it for you. If you eff up your steak, it's your own damn fault. Service was virtually non-existent but friendly. It's not like they can ask how your steak was since they didn't cook it...you did. Booze? The wine list is extensive as is their list of cocktails so drink if you feel the need to get hammered but be responsible people! I had an alkie Strawberry Lemonade that was good but was watered down by the time I got back to the table with my grub.Of course where they get you on this whole $10 meal deal are the drinks and appetizers. I ordered Truffle Fries after reading Cindy W.'s review below and had no problem finishing this with the help of my equally hungry gal pals. Crisp, delicious french fries seasoned with parmesan, white truffle oil, herbs and served with a side of garlic dipping sauce. Divine. I enjoyed these as much as my steak. Hubby had a couple Red Trolley Ales along with his meal and our bill came out to around $50 or so. All in all, I'll definitely be back. Probably next Manic Monday in fact ;)
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,1/10/2012,1142,2218,19,24,21>I didn't know what to expect... I have never experience a "Thai" massage before, and I was apprehensive.All I read are the 4-5 star reviews for this place and bookmarked it. It was Thai night - Thai massages and Thai food!!! It was a bit hard to find, but the landmark is the optometry building right at the intersection. It's in the same building and ample parking.Appointments were scheduled for 7p for Sat evening. The ladies were super nice and greeted with a smile. With massaging all day and over 20+ clients on a weekend, the girls didn't skimp out on the top notch quality massage.The massage was all inclusive of a whole body deep tissue, stretching, yoga and chiro. It was everything and more!!! I LOVED the stretching, as I hate to stretch before my workout/runs, so this was a great way to elongate my muscles.I went topless, but left my shorts on. Yes, I was exposed at one point, but whatevs. Closed curtains so there's privacy (unless you end up in a couple's room). If you're a first time client, there's a $30 special on their website for a 1 hour. Otherwise, a 1 hour is $39. Totally worth splurging!!! Def will frequent!!!
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,11/13/2012,230,319,6,8,6>Ok, like other locals, I do miss The Vine. But I'm over it because Raglan has replaced them for one of my fave new burgers. Love that they're organic...who needs those nasty antibiotics in my meat? Had the Maui Waui Burger. Loved the grilled pineapple with the edam cheese....yumm. And the best part? They cook the burgers the way I like, medium rare, which so many places won't do these days. Burgers here are SO much better then that establishment down the street that has the lines around the block...you know that place, rhymes with Gonads?Yeah, burgers are a bit on the pricey side, but you do pay more for organic and it's worth it I believe. I paid $15 for a burger at Jimmy's Famous Tavern and it's still not as good as the $10-12 burgers here. Just wish they would offer fries and/or onion rings with the meals. That separate order sides thing is just another way to make more dough, don't like it. Have also done their breakfast twice. The buffet, was pretty decent. They just need to make that gravy with the biscuits better then the gluey mess it was. Too much flour I'm guessing. The custom omlettes are good. Chorizo and eggs, tater tots, etc. Not bad for $15. It does come with one drink too. But had one of their $7 breakfasts off the menu last Sunday and it was gooood. Me and my local Wahines bellied up for those $3 Mimosas for my bday, but decided to just have them keep bringing bottles of champagne for $12 and add the OJ on our own. Way to go. I think the breakfast I had was like eggs benedict over hash browns...but can't totally remember because I was pretty blasted by that point. And for some reason, they don't list breakfast on their web site....weird. Smart of them to not call this place Bare Back Grill like they have in PB. Obceans bristle over any comparisons to PB. When I asked, they said Raglan is a town in New Zealand where this place originates from. Service has been pretty damn good all the times I've been there. They never seem flustered when they are very busy and I love Kayla! She is awesome. Alex behind the bar also rocks. I needed to watch my LA Kings game last Sunday and they gladly put it on the tube for me. Great new hang out in OB. Will be back often.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,11/12/2012,174,212,4,6,4>Pretty darn good classy restaurant for being in the middle of Pacific Beach. The waiters all wear traditional Thai outfits, and are very attentive and friendly. It's really quiet inside, and you may feel a bit too close to your dining neighbors, as you sit really close together, on the floor, with your feet dangling in this strange space below the recessed table. They also make you take off your shoes!It's a cute date spot and feels really authentic. The boyfriend and I shared the shrimp spring roll appetizer, beef pad see ew, and garlic salmon fried rice. Everything was really yummy, especially the fried rice. The beef in the pad see ew was really chewy and hard in my opinion, but the boy will eat anything. Something gross though: we couldn't finish all the food and brought it home, but the garlic salmon fried rice turned partly blue (read: moldy) after only 2 days! Lesson learned: finish the food there!I'll be back because the food is really good. Parking can be a betch though, so plan on walking a bit to get here!
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,11/11/2012,63,302,3,5,6>New fave pizzeria!We didn't try the deep-dish because we were starving and couldn't handle the wait. Ordered a thin-crust with bacon, tomato, elephant garlic, and mushroom and expected solid pizza... what we got instead was fireworks!So here is the break down. NO one - unless the chef is Korean - puts enough garlic in any cuisine to amaze me. But Lefty's does garlic justice. The pizza wasn't just garlic-y, it actually emitted a fume of an elevated, almost-jalapeno-like spice... Imagine an unintentional overdose of wasabi - that zing that blinds you momentarily and leaves you with a clearer head - but tone it down just a notch that you're not blinded but on that level of cloud 9 the ENTIRE time...I no longer need even a sprinkling of chili flakes to supplement my pizza. I love!I also have been to Bronx pizza and find Lefty's tastier... Bronx pizza is so greasy, I feel bad eating it.(Side note: they ran out of stella when we came... as two people who only drink light ales, this was a big bummer)
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,11/10/2012,255,201,3,4,3>Do one thing and do it well.  I keep trying to like Philly Cheese Steak sandwiches, but for whatever reason, I never seem to be impressed (I do the same thing with lamb, but that's another story).  And yet, I try, oh my gosh do I try!So, the other day, I tried again and surprised my honey on lunch with a couple of these beauties.  Stayed away from "the Works" because neither of us are mushroom fans, but was intrigued with the idea of avocado on a Philly, so maybe next time, hold the 'shrooms.I absolutely LOVED the regular though.  And the regular size was still large.  The large was actually quite ridiculous.  They put lettuce and tomato on them which I felt was a nice touch and tricked me into thinking it wasn't quite as bad as it really was.  I don't think they use cheese whiz, so that may be a deal breaker for some, but the idea of cheese whiz weirds me out, s'ok by me!I did order fries to go and by the time we went to eat them, the bag was soaked with grease and they were soggy.  Minus one star for that, but add that star back because their specialty is from Philly, not France.KEEP IT SIMPLE, STUPIDYay!
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/9/2012,224,117,3,4,5>I know what you are thinking, you live in San Diego, what do you need a sweater for? Believe it or not, it gets cold here. Well, in the 30s which is cold for us and no matter where you come from, don't tell me you wouldn't at least have a sweater on in 30 degree weather. With that being said, I love my Jersey sweater!I am a born and bred Chargers fan. Lived in SD my whole life. I am now a part of a Chargers fan group called The Frightening Lightning. You can find us at every home game in section F3. During one of our epic tailgates, we see a dude wearing a kick-ass #17 Chargers sweater which looks like Rivers jersey but in sweater form. My friend Brad and I are interested. "Hey man, where did you get that kick ass sweater?" Low and behold, this kid had a cooler, that he was pulling along, filled with them. Sometimes our beloved Rivers makes me a little angry so I asked if he had any other numbers. 85?!? Oh yeah. Love me some Gates. Brad and I were in. Brad with the 17 and myself with 85. Granted, it was not the coldest day of the year but whatevs, we knew we would eventually need them during the season.I love my #85 sweater. Besides my Frightening Lightning t-shirt or my Chargers jersey, it is all I bring with me to the game or sport during the away winter games.I hear they come in all sorts of NFL and college football teams (www.jerseysweater.me) but who cares? It all about the BOLTS, baby!
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,11/8/2012,379,153,6,8,8>Let me start off by saying that I only went to this restaurant for three reasons and these three reasons only: (1) I was eating with my fambam, (2) my fambam and I wanted a steak dinner, and (3) Greystone had a Restaurant Week special.Wow! Was this place impressive!! I felt like a high roller. All the servers were running around the spacious place trying their best to maneuver around the tables and one another. The servers didn't look too happy because they seemed overworked and overwhelmed, but they were at all times polite.First thing I noticed when we sat down was that they only placed the regular menus on our table. Sneaky sneaky business strat, but these guys cannot fool me. Nope. Never. We definitely would not be sitting at Greystone the Steakhouse but for restaurant week. Luckily, they handed us the special menus upon request.I had some crab cakes (probably the best crab cakes I've had in my life), a filet mignon, and a dessert martini. I must say that I had zero leftovers. That's right! I ate the whole 6 oz. steak. Each and every bite was just so scrumptious. The meat was so tender and as I chewed into it, the meat literally just fell apart in my mouth. The dessert martini was pretty good, too but at that point I was starting to get tipsy because I  chose to do the wine pairing for an extra $15. About the wine pairing, it was definitely interesting. It was my first experience for one, but the wine pairing selection was really what had me a little stumped. They brought out champagne for the appetizer, white wine with the steak, and red wine with the dessert - all of it very peculiar since I would have done white wine with the appetizer, red wine with the steak, and champagne with the dessert wine, but then again, I don't run a restaurant business, and it would just be way too cliche. Bottom line: If you have money, love steak, and happen to be in the area (or willing to drive  into Gaslamp), then the place is definitely definitely worth your while. If not having money right now is the only thing holding you back, then maybe save some and give it a shot. I just know that Greystone the Steakhouse is ideal for a certain group of people - those who happen to have "money to blow." It's for the fancy folks.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,11/7/2012,604,329,9,13,9>I am not hipster enough to be a coffee snob (a few of my friends are faithful addicts) and not professional enough to pick out citrus flavors or acidity levels, but Zumbar is a great little hole-in-the-wall you'll probably not take a second glance at on the road.However this place is a gem. They roast their own coffee beans (which you can see right behind the counter) and they stamp their cups with their logo to save on production costs - which is a super smart move. Honestly, to know your coffee comes from what you see right behind a counter is emotionally soothing and makes you feel superior to those walking around with Starbucks cups thinking they're so hip.My friends recommend their CappuccinoI like my coffee Black. You really can taste the pleasant kick of caffeine dashing through your system as well as the rich blend of aromas begging you to never go back to Starbucks. Dude, I feel so hipster saying I like black coffee. I'll also wear my wayfarer shades, dark-washed skinny jeans, Toms shoes, American Apparel hoodie, some obnoxious and offensive low v-neck tshirt, grow out my beard, buy an iphone, and sport a macbook. Coffee from Zumbar will complete this shallow profile as well as open sensory channels to a perfect dance between soothing aromas and fresh bursts of rich coffee...hard to find nowadays.  Take your chance; try out Zumbar. You'll kiss Starbucks goodbye. Forever.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,11/6/2012,46,45,,39,39>We booked 1st Choice Movers based on their great yelp reviews and boy did they live up to their ratings! Asa, Peter and Gary showed up on time and were extremely polite and hard working while they moved our things from one home to the next. Not one piece of furniture or belongings broke or even got dirt on it. These guys were extremely hard working and took the time to ask me exactly where I wanted everything placed in the new home. They even helped me move items I wanted rearranged that were already in the home. I would definitely use them again, although I hope I don't have to move anytime soon. They are amazing and will definitely ask for these three, Asa, Peter and Gary, next time I need to move! Thanks so much guys!!
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,11/5/2012,145,219,4,9,8>This place is ahhhh-maze-ing. I'm surprised it hasn't really caught on yet, but I'm sure it will! Happy hour is EVERY DAY, 5:30-7pm, offering up a few drink special ($4 house wine), salmon or albacore sashimi for $6 and a few other app options ($1 edamame, can I get a whaaat what). We went for the sashimi, which was SO fresh and delicious. Also had the Rastafari role, with shrimp and I dunno what else but it was excellent. They have a good mix of "modern" rolls and more traditional dishes/appetizers/tapas. I wanted to try everything! Good space, great food, fantastic presentation. Nice work!
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/4/2012,548,308,11,11,6>I don't think I can stress enough:  Every restaurant owner, manager and server that works West of the 5 needs to come to Eastbound and see why I would actually consider driving half an hour ALL THE WAY TO LAKESIDE over riding my bike to your bar/restaurant.A little thing called: SERVICENo really. I know your bar probably doesn't have the same problem that all the other beach restaurants do. YOUR servers aren't taking 20 minutes to refill water or take an order (ahem, sandbar) and you most definitely don't mix up an order (ahem, blue parrot) and there's absolutely no way your servers forgot to thank their table for coming in. (ahem, south beach) Eastbound Bar and Grill has killer service. Period. I don't think I've ever felt so welcome and taken care of as a first timer in a bar. We were welcomed in, greeted and given the royal treatment. Okay, so it's still a bar/restaurant, but if you've ever seen the movie "Waiting" it was not based on Eastbound. Well, I can't comment on the kitchen and how many "goats" have been around. But that doesn't change the fact that I would give everyone that took care of me a big fat high five for how good of a job they did. I will admit, we only had the jalapeno cheese dip and a few beers so I can't actually tell you if they have the "Best Burger," but that doesn't matter when you're actually getting service instead of watching your server check their texts and dream about hitting the beach while you wait for your cocktail you can see at the service counter. (ahem, every bar and restaurant).
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/21/2013,275,241,20,18,17>UPDATE!****************I have got to be Sage's #1 fan... I will drive all the way up to Barona just to eat here. Wayyy better than the buffet and almost never has a wait.  Every meal is delicious (except the rotisserie chicken, it has no flavor) other than that, everything is fantastic. And, you can not beat the prices. Oh, and bring the kids in to the casino before 8:00pm so they can enjoy Sage too.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,5/20/2013,765,361,11,8,9>Soooo good yet sooo bad for a lady on a diet (or in my case a lady in need of leaning out for a fitness competition), But in the event that you don't count calories or are looking for a great cheat-day treat, this is DEFINITELY the place to go! They really should rename themselves "Heavenly Cupcakes," because every cupcake I've tried has been its own little slice of fluffy, creamy, perfectly delicious heaven! ...Not to mention the fact that customer service is AMAZING and as much as I'd love to say I won't be back and that I'll be an angel on my diet, I know I won't be able to resist the tempation!!! Ijole!
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,5/19/2013,334,126,9,6,6>A little over a year ago, I was a recent grad and unemployed. I had a bunch of resumes and cover letters to send out, but I couldn't quite focus at home. Then I remembered something my college friends told me a few years ago: "OMG we studied at Pannikin the other day. It's like they literally pump adderall* into the air! We were super focused and got so much work done!"& so my fellow unemployed friend and I schlepped on over to Pannikin to see if it would perk us up out of our slump. Of course instead of enjoying the beautiful drive down to La Jolla with the picturesque view of the Pacific Ocean, we exchanged dismal statements like.. "The sun has set on our younger years, when we were alive" and "Being unemployed sucks because you have all this free time, but no money to spend.. and now we're going to pay for overpriced coffee.." All negative conversation melted away once we entered Pannikin. We ordered our drinks, found seats on the patio, and spoke not another word. My college friends were right! Something about this place just gets you in the zone! We got our work done and left with a refreshing peace of mind. This was about a year ago, so I can't guarantee that I wrote a winning cover letter or resume here, but I can tell you that if you need to focus and get it done -- come to Pannikin!I've been back here a few times not one, but TWO jobs later (yay!), and it still does the trick whenever I need an atmosphere made for concentration. I've also come to enjoy many of their food and drinks, many of which are made with whole food ingredients, with vegan options for those that prefer. *Please note that I do not condone the use of illegal, performance-enhancing drugs, like adderall. :)
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,5/18/2013,143,594,10,12,7>Holy cow. I write this knowing Brian's was an institution in Hillcrest, but seriously if I'd known this place would take over I would have gone a lot sooner.Came here after the brunch rush, and was seated immediately. But I feel like once people know this is owned by the Hash House peeps, there will be a long wait always. So go now!We started our breakfast adventure with a bellini and mule cocktail, served in a bear glass! Cute. Then we had the hash (served in Hash House portion size) and the best dish I've ever had: Squash blossom goat cheese poached eggs. What?! YES. I anxiously await the next time we meet again.Once we were done feasting on our divine brunch, the bakers went around passing out chocolate bacon donuts. You read right. For only a buck, we had a donut covered in sweet chocolate icing and bacon crumbles. I'd go there to eat just the donut.The decor is great (love the vintage!) and the servers are swift. It's worth the trip to Great Maple, but know you'll leave with a full stomach.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,5/17/2013,83,18,14,47,22>This is somewhat to the complaint to S.B. from San Diego. Sergio is an X Ray technician. The XDI is mostly for fun pictures more than anything. Anything diagnosed with be done by the Xray Techs at your doctors. They also do not push formula on anyone. They simply just throw a box in there for you (in case you might be interested, are a new parent and/or considering formula). But in NO way are they pushing formula on ANYONE! I give this place a 5 star rating. My husband and I felt very comfortable here and would recommend this place to anyone looking for the same thing! We were referred and have referred several to come back!
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/16/2013,422,254,9,14,12>=== My 200th Review!! ===It didn't take me too long to decide that my 200th review ought to be my favorite Italian restaurant in SD. My bf made reservations for my birthday on a Friday at 7:30pm and I'm really thankful he did because Little Italy was so lively that night. Parking was a nightmare as usual so we gave up after circling the area 4 times and opted for the valet parking, which was $7. Upon seating we were greeted by a friendly waiter who gave us a basket full of warm and soft bread and a plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar. The bread melted in my mouth and the warmth was so inviting on a cold night. Yum! He was nice enough to come back with another basket later in the night. Now onto the best part... the entrees. I couldn't help it. My weakness for gnocci is always prevalent and I lovee the idea of squid ink in my pasta so imagine how thrilled I was when our waiter brought out my plate of squid ink gnocci with shrimp. I was in foodie heaven at that point. The gnocci had a wonderful bite. Perfectly made!My bf ordered the ravioli filled with spinach, ricotta, and parmesan topped with the ever-so-creamy salmone sauce. I loved my gnocci dish but the rich salmon sauce with the spinach ravioli was the best thing I had in a really long time. I will come back and this is what I'll be having! To cap off the night, our waiter brought out my birthday surprise dessert! It was a chocolately and soft cake. Great way to end the night!
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,5/15/2013,87,10,23,69,35>I can I start with this review. I met Dr. Kolodzey and Shell way before the moved to Point Loma Optometry. They started in Costco and moved to Point Loma Optometry. One day I took my daughter for an eye exam and found out they were no longer in the Costco, but at Point Loma Optometry. The new Costco doctor was nice, but the exam and the glasses I had purchased there was not the same as when Dr. Kolodzey was there. All the attention that was given to me and the care the Dr. Kolodzey and Shell was gone. I felt at the time that the service and frames option were not of good quality. The staff at Costco was just rushing me and didn't take the time to serve me right. After this experience my family and I noticed the difference from a good service the new  Costco gave to a GREAT service that Dr. Kolodzey gave to my family and I. Dr. Kolodzey kept us in mind when moving/changing offices. She sent us a noticed with her new office information. Costco is close to where I live, It's worth the driving my family takes to visit Dr. Kolodzey, Shell, and Abraham because of the great services they give. Today I came in for an exam and noticed that they had a Yelp. I come here because of the service not because of reviews other customers have given. I don't judge the doctor or staff  based on the number of stars it has. But of the great service they give and provide.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,5/14/2013,87,7,30,58,38>I heard great things from a friend about their body wraps and I was looking for that extra jump to tone out my body. I needed to tighten up, smooth out, and have my skin look and feel younger because Ive been working out and my friend said this is just the thing, so hey why not give it a shot. I've had the body wrap treatment about three times now and I could say Im thoroughly satisified. Ive seen a significant difference in my body tone and my skin is looking healthy, young and beautiful, I dont know why everyone isnt doing this! There service was great, they explained everything thoroughly and explained my options before getting me started, which was nice cuz I had no idea what to expect, I even arrived pretty late for one appointment and they we're courteous and accommodated me. Thanks again guys! Youll be seeing more of me thats for sure!
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,5/13/2013,1165,834,15,27,21>It's new...It's fresh...It's healthy...And it's also totally swank.These are the adjectives I'd use to describe Seasons 52, the newest entry into the UTC food scene.  (Yes, it is undeniable that UTC has a real food scene now.  The days of UTC being a culinary wasteland are officially over.)Seasons 52 is a small-ish chain that I'd liken to a more upscale, seasonal, and lighter version of Cheesecake Factory.  I'd always been intrigued by the Seasons 52 in South Coast Plaza in Orange County, but I never had the opportunity to visit.  Once their new location opened up in UTC, checking it out was a no-brainer.My partner-in-dine and I dropped by at around 11:30am for an early lunch.  It's a good thing we were there early, because the place was packed solid (with a line out the door) an hour later.  We were early enough to have our choice of tables, so we opted for one of their spacious booths.  Overall, the interior looks fantastic (albeit a little too corporate for my taste), with lots of glass and woods and white linens and other sumptuous details that evoke a much more expensive restaurant.  There's even a private chef's tasting room for those of you with lots of extra disposable income.Everything on the menu is light and healthy (under 475 calories), and the wine list is massive.  While the portion sizes are disappointingly small at times, Seasons 52 does not skimp on flavor.  The two of us shared the following:** Maui tuna crunch salad.  Lots of fresh greens topped with perfectly seared tuna, crunchy almonds, and fresh pineapple and tossed with a tangy miso vinaigrette.  This salad was pitch-perfect.  I'd have it again any day.  ** Steak & cremini mushroom flatbread.  If you like your flatbreads to be very very flat, then Seasons 52 is for you.  In fact, the flatbreads here are more like giant crackers -- so don't expect them to fill you up.  That said, the flavor of the mushrooms, spinach, and bleu cheese was excellent.  There wasn't much steak, though, which isn't surprising given the low calorie count.** Two mini indulgences.  Instead of a traditional dessert menu, the staff at Seasons 52 brings out by a tray of pre-plated mini-desserts in a variety of flavors.  We had the pumpkin pie with ginger snap crust and the pecan pie with vanilla mousse.  Both were a nice finish to the meal, but I preferred the flavor of the pumpkin pie (probably because it's more seasonal).  The pecan pie was sweeter and had a more decadent texture, though.The staff here is awesome too.  Our server, Aaron P., was friendly and always on point.  The manager was also nice enough to print out some menus for us to take home -- and, for no reason at all, he also gave us coupons for a free flatbread to use next time.  Thanks, mister!I see a bright future for Seasons 52... and I'm especially glad UTC is now finally coming into its own as a destination, rather than just a field of cookie-cutter condos.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,5/12/2013,166,327,4,13,4>I'm kinda hesitant to write a review, because like other reviewers have said, I don't want all of Manna's overflow to flock over here and take over the place. But when there is exceptional food, service, and pricing I have to say something! Came here with the bf because it was just one of those days you feel like scarfing down exorbitant amounts of delicious meat. We didn't want to wait for Manna so we found Kogi. We were even able to call to make a reservation and found out that February's special is $2 off of the $19.95 AYCE and $24.99 Premium AYCE. When we arrived we had someone helping us right away. They even put a "reserved" placard on the table to hold it for us. You basically choose what AYCE selection you want and you also choose your banchan (side dishes). Kogi is different in that they bring you all the sides on one flat plate. It's not individual small dishes like Manna or other Korean restaurants. That was ok with me since our game plan was to eat solely meat, and very few sides. Ordered the brisket, pork belly, bulgogi, spicy pork, shortrib and a few other meats I can not recall. The bulgogi here is the MUST. Marinated well, sweet, and no need to dip it in the complimentary sauces that Kogi gives you. My least favorite was the pork belly, but that might be a personal preference. There's a lot of fat on it, and the slices are quite thick so I felt like it cooked a lot slower. We got ample side salad, rice, and steamed egg. I found all the meat quality to be good. The meat did not come out frozen, like at some KBBQ places. Props for that!Service was very courteous, and our waitress even encourage us to eat more! After more than 6 servings of meat, she said "Are you sure you don't want to eat more?".  So much better than other KBBQ places where the staff becomes irked or annoyed at you for staying too long. Altogether, I liked how affordable this was. They restaurant seems pretty new, and the booths are a bit more private than Manna. Also, they have flatscreens that play Kpop music videos, which I enjoyed. Manna, watch out!
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2009,3/8/2009,306,190,14,16,15>We came here for our Valentine's Day dinner and it definitely did not disappoint.Opting for the five course, along with a side of truffled fries... which was accompanied with a parsley foam and garlic aoli... we were pleasantly surprised with how accommodating the service was despite how busy they were.Each dish was intricate and delectable, offering a wonderful play of both flavor and texture. We had:the Amor - an oyster on a nori half-shell/rice cracker, accompanied by lavender caviar and a grapefruit gelee.... Hearts On Fire - which was baby mache and rocket argula, with a pomegranate emulsion and pepitas, along with bleu del monceniscio souffleTonite - charred pasilla pepper, feta, cilantro, gorgonzola, queso fresco and rojo cremaBeef wellington - topped with foie gras, pino noir demi glaze and roasted asparagusEndless - chili infused chocolate brownie a la mode with hazelnut and tahitian vanilla gelato... dark chocolate, grand marnier ganache and fresh raspberries...Nightcap - Long stem strawberries in white chocolate, dark chocolate, and pop rocks... AMAZING!We made it a point to send our regards to the chef - and were personally thanked by him at the end of our meal... WHAT a treat!!!The entire staff even signed their menu of the night - after learning that this was our first Valentine's day after our one year anniversary. ^_^The Firefly is made up of a fabulously thoughtful staff - that works REALLY hard at what they do... and that's what I like to see :) Definitely check them out if you like small plates and creative dishes... the chef is VERY artistic. :)
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,3/7/2009,74,74,78,60,66>Umm,yes, I know that today is Ash Wednesday.Umm,yes, I know that good Catholics are supposed to fast today.Umm,yes, I know that semi-good Catholics who cannot fast ,are not supposed to eat red meat today.I had lunch from Beef 'N Bun today.  YES!, Beef 'N Bun, on a Holy Day.I could say that I was on my way to Our Lady of Grace Catholic Church which is 3 blocks away,but I won't. I will not make any excuses.  I was hungry for Beef ,'N Bun.The truth shall set me free!!!I went in,just thinking I would just order their fish and chips,and fried zucchini,but I saw the picture of the MONSTER burger .  Three huge ,thick,juicy,patties,melted cheeses, fresh sliced tomatoes, onions,lettuce.  My decision for lunch has been made.  BEEF!!!I wasn't disappointed.  That burger was DIVINE.  I ordered a side of fried zucchini.  Large,thick, breaded,fried GOODNESS. And I drank my usual peanut butter chocolate milkshake.  HOLY sh**.As I sipped the thick,creamy,sweet milkshake, and then  bit into the monster burger,it seemed  like i heard a choir of angels burst into song.Umm, The El Cajon Fire Department driving through...Umm, I know my Grandma would not approve.She would smack me on the back the head,and tell me,"Aye  Marween, dyoor gooweengg to Heeell."But nobody's going to tell her.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,3/6/2009,185,61,18,18,16>I'd been meaning to try the food here for a while, and I am so glad I did!  Not to mention it's practically built onto one of my favorite watering holes in North Park... or is that University Heights?  BAH!  I don't care.  It is delicious.  I had a chicken shwarma, hummus, and tabouli.  I haven't had a shwarma that tasted this good since I lived in Bahrain!  Not to mention the fact that they definitely Americanized the portion size.  I'm used to a shwarma fitting slyly in one hand, but this was definitely a two-fer!  They very likely have the best hummus I have had outside of the Gulf.  But darn, poor me... it's within walking distance from my house!  I don't know how I'll manage. The only bummer was that the price is a bit steep, but considering the ginormity of the portions, I think I'll just have to share next time.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,3/5/2009,109,41,30,16,17>Alright. You've done it now. Enough is enough!! Listen, Mr. Shop! I don't care if your first name is Kebab! Oh wait, actually your first name would be "The" and your middle name would be "Kebab."But that's beside the point!Most Yelpers who know me know full well how firmly I believe in my star rating system, for which there are two essential rules I ALWAYS follow: 1) I'll NEVER give just one star (as I give props to any San Diegan brave enough to open his/her own business -- that shit is tough!). The ONLY exceptions are if:  a) the business reviewed intentionally tried to poison me, b) I discover that the business doubles as a baby smuggling ring, or c) I discover that the business is owned by Pauly Shore.2) I'll ALMOST NEVER give five stars unless a business changes my life in some mind-shattering way and I stagger away wondering how I ever lived without its existence.You, sir, have forced my right mouse-clicking hand to roll over five stars and click to set. Damn you!!!It all started ever so innocently about six weeks ago. My man and I were strolling through the E-V 'hood, when the intoxicating aroma of savory lamb morsels and seasoned chicken shawarma came wafting out to the sidewalk to flirt with our nostrils like a shameless hooker.Intrigued, we popped in to have a look around. (Dirty, right?).  The mod, simple space stood bright, clean, and unassuming, while a friendly young fellow behind the counter smiled our way and asked if he could do anything for us."This place has gotten raves on Yelp; let's give it a shot," I say to my guy, and minutes later we walk out with two full meals costing $16 bucks total.An hour later, as we sat rubbing our content bellies full of  spicy beef kebab, rotisserie lamb, saffron rice, falafel and orzo zucchini salad, we looked at each other and shrugged. "Not bad." Cheap, fast, decent Mediterranean food, we thought. Maybe we'll try it again sometime and try other menu items, we thought.Then the madness began.The following night, with nothing planned for dinner once again, my man and I look at each other. "The Kebab Shop?" We say it in unison, all freaky Friday like, then take off for East Village.I have had The Kebab Shop for dinner at least 3-4 nights a week ever since.What have you done to me, Mr. Shop???? Did you somehow hypnotize me that first visit? Put something in the garlic yogurt sauce??The thing is, I've had better Mediterranean food in my life. And there aren't even a whole lot of actual kebabs on the menu for a shop devoted to them given its title.So, why can't I get enough of you?? I used to be a normal girl, I swear! It's like I HAVE to have you! I dream of you, long for you, NEED you!! You're all I think about!I'm starting to think that Glenn Close in "Fatal Attraction" was just a misunderstood gal. I'm one step away from stealing your pet rabbit and boiling it on your stove.Just kidding. I went too far just now. My apologies.But I'll see you tonight, right? Save me some extra yogurt sauce?
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2008,3/4/2009,639,492,34,29,27>I only come here after a night of drinking.  Actually during the night of drinking.  If cops want to find some DUIs all they need to know is sit around and watch who drives into this place after 11 pm.  Seriously watching drunk 18 years old trying to park Daddy's Beemer is quite a hoot.I have never had a bad meal at this particular location.  The hot sauce is always perfect,  rolled tacos with the proper guacamole and cheese distribution, taco shells perfect crispness, quesadilla always satisfying.  My only problem is that I can't eat all these things at once.  My husband calls this place Butt Squirtos but fortunately I have been immune to that problem at this Roberto's.  Lucky me.  Take your food to go because believe me you won't want to be eating at their tables with the passed out teenagers or the drunk social disgraces licking their exploded burritos directly off the table.  If you have ever eaten here during this time you'll know what I'm talking about.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,3/2/2009,187,162,15,16,15>As you approach the building, you'll be greeted by sign that appears to say, "Cold Beer Served Here." However, a closer look will reveal that it actually reads, "Cold Root Beer Served Here." I thought this was pretty funny, but let me just say, these people are not joking about their root beer. They offer like a bazillion varieties of root beer along with many varieties of sarsaparilla, cream soda, and other beverages.When Matt and I went yesterday, we decided to get two whole sandwiches and each save half for lunch today, so we could swap and try both kinds. As we tried to chose what meat we wanted, the girl behind the counter recommended the combo, which is ham and salami, and also noted that the turkey was made each day by her mother. So we got the combo and the turkey. She understood that we each intended to eat half of each sandwich, so when I ordered the turkey without onions, she offered to make half of each sandwich without, so that I'd be able to try the combo without onions and he'd be able to have onions on his half of the turkey. I thought that it was nice of her to offer.Since my co-worker who had recommended the place also recommended Stacy's potato salad, I picked up a small container of that (after a bit of confusion, because the handwritten label read, "Stacy Patato Salad"). Matt chose a unique sarsaparilla and I tried a root beer called Berghoff.Our sandwiches were good, each was served with a pickle on the side. The turkey tasted fresh out of the oven, as promised, and while the ham on the combo was notoriously square, the salami was really tasty. Stacy's potato salad was a little onion-y for my liking, but that's because I don't like onions.When we were ready to go, they had the other halves of our sandwiches ready. Not only did they put the oil and vinegar on the side so as not to make our sandwiches too soggy, they also included two extra pickle wedges in a ziplock bag. Very thoughtful, in my opinion.And today? The bread was a little soggy but they were still great! I will definitely make an excuse to go out to Lemon Grove again. Maybe next time I will try the chili, since I noticed first place plaques from three consecutive local chili cook-offs.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,3/1/2009,292,68,30,13,11>Saturday afternoon my roommate Brendan lived up to his nickname "lunchtime the living room shuffler" by suggesting we get something to eat. Brendan: Hey duder, you wanna get something to eat?Me: Sure, lunchtime. Where do you wanna go?Brendan: I want a sandwich. Me: oooooooooooooooook that narrows it down...Brendan: You wanna go to City Deli?Me: Do they have beer?Brendan: You're ridiculous... I think so...Me: I'm thereIn my 24 years as a San Diegan, I had never once been to City Deli. I was walking into a blank slate... hung-over... They better have beer; otherwise as far as I'm concerned they will forever be known as Shitty Deli. As we walk in off the street, I caught a wiff of myself. Precisely what I suspected, essence of the drunken night before. I am totally in love with myself... I'm awesome... I'm getting off topic... A young flamboyant fellow who looked like the monopoly guys son greeted us. If anything this was going to be a good exercise in people watching. Monopoly Jr.: Hi guyssss! Jus the two of you?Me: Awesome! You have beer! Monopoly Jr.: (with a bitchy smirk) Follow me this way.After we were seated Monopoly Jr. took our drink orders. Brendan: I'll have a diet cokeMe: May I please have a Ballast IPA.As the smarmy little bastard shuffled off to pour our drinks, I made a shocking discovery. They had a whole container of pickles on the table. Oh shit... This posed an incredibly frustrating conundrum. You see the pickles were not covered. They were exposed to the elements and who knows if a little kid picked his nose and touched them all. Goddamnit! I wanted one so bad! No, I didn't want one. I wanted all of them. Don't put those in front of me and expect me to abstain. But what about germs? (For a guy that drinks so much and gallivants about with women of questionable character, I am awfully concerned with germs.) This internal mind fuck of a struggle tormented me to the point of severe mental anguish.  Suddenly lunchtime chimed in.Brendan: What's wrong with you?Me: Are you going to eat one of those pickles?Brendan: Fuck yeah, I am. Me: What about germs?Brendan: What about them?Me: Fuck it! I ate 5 pickles before our food came. I'm not dead yet so the residual alcohol in my system must have killed any germs. I do have to say that the food here is great. I ordered the chicken salad and it was probably one of the top three salads I have ever had. Not only did it taste awesome but it was beautiful. It really made me feel a unique kinship with my lunch.  I think I'm done now... I really dug this joint. Too bad I can't go back after making fun of Monopoly Jr.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2008,2/28/2009,152,31,20,19,18>Jollibee.  I wonder why Hometown Buffet's H.T. Bee hasn't served your mascot with copyright infringement papers yet!!!  I want to see H.T. Bee stroll across Mira Mesa Boulevard and hang out across the street at Jollibee just to see if folks get nervous that trouble is about to jump off or something...From the paroxysms of delight that greeted the opening of these franchises in the US from their native Philippines, you would have thought that they were supposed to be something more special.I dunno.  Perhaps, the best word for it was "meh".I went to Jollibee with my cousin and 5 kids in tow.  She really wanted to go and bring the kids to check it out.  I got the ChickenJoy Treat A (6 pcs. of chicken, 3 rice, 6 peach mango pies) and a bunch of Yumburgers and fries.  For 7 people, the bill came to some $40 but we had a coupon that my cousin got that took $10 off.  Still, it seemed a bit high to me.  I could get a lot of KFC or In N Out for $40.Anyway, there was supposed to be gravy with the chicken?!?  We got none of that.  I just had it dry with white rice on paper plates.  I wanted some soy sauce, BBQ sauce, teriyaki sauce, ketchup... some vinegar would have been nice.  I snagged the tomatoes from one of the kid's Yumburgers just to have something on the side.  Hell, anything but plain white rice and white meat chicken.  I looked around and nobody else seemed to mind.  The Treat A package was $21 all by itself.  A bit of a price gouge in my opinion.  KFC gets you a lot more for your dollar.  It wasn't that the chicken was bad, it just wasn't $21 good.  Yes, Virginia.  There was chicken but alas there was little joy.Napkins.  I never even saw a single napkin dispenser in the whole joint.  Not one!!!  I had to ask for some and got about 3.  Am I supposed to go back to the bathroom and snag a roll of toilet paper or something?A look at the online site's menu after the fact vs. what I found available was quite enlightening.  They have a really limited menu compared to what you see available back home in the Philippines.  The menu here makes the spartan food court menu at Target look like Dave & Buster's or something by comparison.  Burgers, fries, drinks, chicken, spaghetti, dessert.  That's it.   One thing unavailable here that was listed on the site really piqued my interest though...  Tuna pie, anyone?  Hmmm?!?  I can't imagine walking up to the teenage girl at the counter and enthusiastically grilling her about the tuna pie.  Not even I am that bold of a smart-ass to try and get away with it with a straight face and sincere, inquisitive tone.  Is it HOT?  Is it FRESH?  Does it taste GOOD?  Alas, no erotic (and/or potentially arrestable) conversations were to be made this day.  There was one pie and one pie only though.  The infamous peach mango pie.  This is the way McDonalds used to do it before they gave in to the potential for getting sued.  Deep-fried with a thin crispy crust encasing a molten fruit-filling within.  I can recommend that wholeheartedly.  Damn, I wish McDonalds went back to the old ways.  I promise not to sue...Anyway, the burgers and fries looked OK but no more substantial than your standard fast-food joint versions.  The nieces, nephew and their friends made no complaints.  I think their version of cheese fries was some nacho combo special creation of bacon bits, cheese, fries, and tortilla chips.  Didn't try it because I left it for the kids.  The baby sure seemed to like it though.  It looked like something that Dad would have scrounged up out of the kitchen for the kids to snack on while watching Disney Channel after school or something. That is, if Dad didn't really know how to cook other than frying and microwaving.  You know... "Hmmm.  We don't quite have enough chips.  OK, I'll fry up what's left of the fries and throw the chips on top of that.  Uh, got some bacon bits...  Oooh, score!!!  Cheese sauce!  Kids, snack time!!!  Dad made something special for you!  Cheesy fries el deluxo!  Dad's special recipe!"OK, for the experience, it's was alright.  Nothing special, nothing memorable, probably not the best value either.  It's like going to one of the Six Flags amusement parks just to tick if off the list so you could say you've been to them all.  The staff were nice but you could tell that they were slightly embarrassed by being interrupted by the sound of the blender just behind the counter while I gave my order.If not for the Philippine connection, I don't think this place would have survived this long.  We walked into a nearly empty restaurant but when we left, our table got snapped up quick.  Somehow, as we were eating, the Jollibee filled up with older ex-Navy retirees with their baseball caps emblazoned with the name of the ship they served on and their wives.  Were it a bit chillier, no doubt they would have broken out the baseball jackets and US Navy sweatshirts.So, should you go?  Yeah, sure.  Might as well try it.  Is it essential?  Maybe not.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2009,2/26/2009,13792,257,8,79,66>Our friend Ray joined us for what has become a traditional New Year's Eve meal.  Solace was what we needed after living through 2008.  My Open Table reservation (opentable.com ) included an email notification to my guests, each getting a quick reply accepting and telling me what a great selection I had made.  The restaurant confirmed both by email and with a phone confirmation.The outside of the restaurant is charming, looks like the French quarter in New Orleans.  Parking is convenient across the street.  We stepped inside and got a warm welcome and were seated quickly.  Scott, the manager, came by the table to make sure we were comfortable and to thank us for coming.  I picked a 2006 viognier from Curtis Winery, Santa Ynez Valley to start the evening (curtiswinery.com).  The wine delivered on the promise of apricot, pear, pineapple and citrus flavors along with a bouquet of white peach, lime and honeysuckle.  This is a terrific wine and worth a try.Urban Solace, my daughter tells me, is known for their wonderful biscuits.  But Urban Solace had prepared an extra special prix fixe menu for our holiday evening.  We enjoyed the wine and read over the delicious sounding selections.  Each sounded so good we had a difficult time making our choice.  These were are the ones we finally picked:Item 1:  I ordered the oyster appetizer.  The presentation was six oysters total, three sets prepared in 3 ways: on the half shell with champagne mignonette, brandied and baked and cornmeal friend.  They were stunning to the eye, smell and taste.  What a wonderful way to start the meal, best I have ever had.  .  My wife, daughter and Ray loved the  caramelized onion-apple blue cheese tart with warm frisee.  They ate and made sounds of pleasure and happiness.  Item 2:  Ray had the lobster bisque, good he said.  My wife had the classic hearts of romaine salad, beautiful presentation, tasted terrific she said.  My daughter and I enjoyed the seared duck breast salad with grapefruit, warmed goat cheese and garlic citrus vin.  It was even more delicious than it sounds.  The duck breast pieces were fantastic.Item 3:  I had the garlic braised lamb shank with root vegetable gratin.  Again, the best I have ever had, delicious, fell off the bone.  And the gratin was spectacular.  Ray, my wife and daughter all had the fig and pine nut stuffed porkloin with spiced mashed sweet potatos and braised chard.  They all talked about how great it was for hours.  Item 4:  We enjoyed both deserts, the ginger crème caramel with dark cherry reduction and the gooey chocolate cake with basil-mint syrup and whipped cocoa-crème.  Presentation and taste of both were outstanding.Urban Solace for our New Years Eve meal was a total success.  The staff was terrific and the food spectacular.  And we are going back, soon, to try those biscuits and take solace in some more good old American food.  No wonder this fine restaurant has over 300 reviews on Yelp.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,2/25/2009,489,211,34,20,21>Good Baby Back Ribs Good French Fries and a lot of them. Good Baked Beans Good Ketsup Good Beer (Hefeweizen) Good Prices Good TVs on the walls Good clean happy people Good Paper Towels on the tables Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Review Good Night I like the sinks on the way out for washing your hands and face. Go there on a first date and smear BBQ sauce all over your face but don't wipe it off. I mean paint BBQ sauce on your face like you're in an old cowboy and Indian movie and just leave it there. Get naked and roll around in the sauce on a Slip & Slide then eat your arms and legs off. Make an impression on your first date that she'll never forget. Squirt BBQ sauce all over her face and clothes for fun. Point and laugh at the expression on her face. Girls love that kind of childishness. I'll be going back for more good stuff. Brett's BBQ is really good. Get sauced.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/20/2008,83,183,31,20,24>I will never forget my first time here.  Let's paint a picture....New and fresh faced, I arrive from the east coast, knowing nothing but McDonald's, Burger King, and when you want something fancy, Wendy's.  With San Diego being a mecca of fast-food and burgers in general, surely you can see why I was so excited.  So did I run like a portly youth on his last day at fat camp to gorge myself on the cornucopia of ground beef that is San Diego?  No.  I researched.  For about a week I looked up everything I could about the burger joints I had only heard about.  Jack-in-the-Box.  Carl's Jr. and the six dollar burger.  FatBurger at 2 in the morning just like Ice Cube. In-N-Out's SECRET MENU??!!After careful consideration and tireless poring over charts and menus, I decided to break my cherry on In-N-Out.  Countless hours were spent studying the secret menu.  I walk into this In-N-Out and order.  Me: "I'll have a double-double with onions, extra toast, fries light animal style, and a neapolitan shake."  Kid: "....Umm, is this your first time here?"Me: "Actually yeah, how'd you know?"Kid: "Well, you sound like you're from the east coast.  But you ordered very well.  How'd you know about all this stuff?"Me: "I spent a lot of time looking it up online."Kid: (Eyes widen and grins ear to ear) "Wow, that's really great!  I'm really proud of you!"Me: "...Yeah, I guess I am too!"The kid then continued to rant over his excitement about how I embraced the In-N-Out culture, blah, blah... I wish I knew his name, In-N-Out should be happy to have him as an employee.  He did, however, make this a very enjoyable experience.  The people at Wendy's never took the time to talk to me like that!  And I could tell this kid was really into his food, which makes him cool in my book.  We enjoyed a healthy conversation while I waited for my food, and other people waited in line behind me.  Then I took my food home.  The aromas filling my car were almost unbearable.  Then I finally ate it.Holy s***.Writing this made me want some really bad.  I think I'm going tonight.My name is Antonio G., and this is my story.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,9/19/2008,220,117,12,12,14>Even though Starlite doesn't technically take reservations, they set aside a table for my large group after I emailed and told them in was my birthday. Five stars for that, alone.We cruised in late-ish last night for some post pool-party potables and palatables.  Starlite fit the bill as a birthday bash venue because it is close to home, is nice without being absurdly expensive, and is generally a fun place to hang out. We ordered some cocktails and appies to share round the table (the appies not the cocktails, though there was some sharing of those as well), as well as meals. I really dug the vegetarian quinoa casserole (with goat cheese but available vegan) - the root vegetables were well seasoned and the dish could have stood alone without the cheese (good vegetarian food should never rely on cheese for flavour). I didn't find the portions too small; in fact, I couldn't finish my main course, but that may have also been due to the draft beer I'd been drinking all day. Whatevs.After our plates were cleared, the server brought me a serving of pie and ice cream (seriously yakworthy) and led the bar in a round of happy birthday. When my face stopped burning (I'm shy, and I got a bit too close to the candle), I sampled and shared it around the table 'cause that's how I roll and 'cause I was stuffed. I thought that someone was going to lick the plate, it was that good. So yeah - five stars for ambiance, customer service, and deliciousness. Highly recommended.The service was great, the food delicious, and the company fantastic.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,9/17/2008,134,160,16,14,15>Not a bad seat in the whole house; and the largest congregration of grey hairs in the entire city! It's sad to say, but I think the theater is a dying art enjoyed mostly by the elderly. What is going to happen to the theater when their generation dies off? Ahhh... but I digress. I've been to the Old Globe on 3 occasions and have thoroughly enjoyed myself for each one. Last night was no exception as I watched Hershey Felder's one-man performance of "Monsieur Chopin".  Hershey comes around once a year with his trio of performances: Beethoven, Monsieur Chopin, and Gershwin Alone. I've seen two of the three and they're masterpieces, really. Hershey is a musician, historian, actor, and comedian all wrapped into one. Amazing, really. The entertainment at the Globe is not only on the stage, though. We had some entertainment in the will-call line as we discovered that the grey-hairs get very excited about their shows. There were two elderly folks actually arguing and pushing each other in line to get their tickets. The argument between the unrelated man and woman about their spot in line was getting louder and louder, so the security guard had to come "break it up". For the record, the old man was being an ass. He totally CUT in front of the old lady. What a jerk!Anyway, good times at the Globe. If you've never been, then you really must get yourself down there before you yourself turn grey!
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2008,9/16/2008,17,37,19,12,12>What do you do when you move from one neighborhood to another and the girlfriend wants you to go with her to find a new nail salon to get her toes did?You parlay that snoozefest into drinking beer of course. And that's how I came to try SDBC for the first time yesterday.What I did was use my "Goldie Locks" deductive reasoning on the first three strip-mall nail salons we passed. "No not that one, it's janky", "eh, not that one it has no customers", "that one looks too dirty", "OH, this one next to San Diego Brewing Co, well this one looks just right". Next thing you know she's getting her tree climbers filed and polished and I'm parking my petite ass on a bar stool asking the cute brunette bartender if she could please pour me a San Diego Amber. The crowd is a cornucopia of young singles or couples, middle aged ex-jocks, and business associates in for happy hour. The bar is fantastic with TV's broadcasting beloved pre-season football games and whatever other sporting event is on during football season.So back to my beer drinking. The San Diego Amber goes down like water. Then I spy, with my cute brown eyes, the Old Town Nut Brown (he said nut) on the House Beer board. Cute brunette agrees with my choice to switch, saying I'd love it. And I do. I wrap my full lips around that glass and make out with that dark, brown, smooth ale like it was the last ale on earth. About as close to my favorite (Lost Coast Brewing Co. "Downtown Brown")as I have ever tried. Two pints down, 30 minutes have passed. Do I dare try to consume one more? Goddamn right I do. AHHH, this pint of brown goes down just like the first. 10-15 minutes go by and while making love to the brown goodness inside my glass I come to realize I'm sitting in my new favorite hangout. It's close to my new home, the little lady can get de-clawed at the nail salon AND there are other places to eat if I don't want what's on SDBC's menu.So anyway the third beer, my second brown ale is almost gone and the faint alert from a new incoming text message chimes from my pants pocket. Sweet Georgia Peaches, you wouldn't believe what it said, "nails done, now getting 15 minute massage".How does that old children's song go, "if you're happy and you know it crap your pants". Well I did. Right there. Figuratively, not literally.Cute brunette bartender please pour me another Old Town Nut Brown. I got 15 more minutes to enjoy with my brown ale mistress.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2007,9/14/2008,159,243,9,14,14>Urban Solace is perfect.  I am so glad to have it in the neighborhood.  The waitress was extremely pleasant and professional with a friendly and down to earth attitude.  She answered all of my millions of questions and brought everything we asked right away.  The food came out quickly and it was to die for.  I ordered a ceasar salad, which was a whole leave ceasar, which I love.  Those might have been the best crutons in the world.  I got the Pulled Chicken and Dumplings.  It was a great mix of sweet and salty, and it had little square potatoes in it and yummm.  Everything on the menu was original and sounded delicious.  They are trying to stay open later and a full bar is a work in progress.  Their description says they serve "new american comfort food".  I think that's a great description.  The ambiance is great... perfect feeling inside for a nice relaxing dinner with either a date or a small group.  They've also got an outdoor patio that is both large and adorable.  The prices were good for the high quality of food.  Most dishes were between nine and sixteen dollars depending on what type of meal it was.  We had a beer, a salad, and two entrees, and the bill was just under $40, which I thought was worth it for a break from the ordinary and an amazingly flavorful meal.  If you're trying to think of a place to take your new flavor of the week, try this place out.  Just don't waste it on someone lame... Urban Solace deserves the date you're hoping to impress.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2008,9/12/2008,99,295,13,12,12>You buy it...you break it!  The Smash Shack is the opposite of Pottery Barn.  You buy your dishes and then hurl them against the wall.  It kinda feels good.  This place is very unique.  I don't think there is a concept similar to it elsewhere.I know what you're thinking...paying beaucoup bucks just to break stuff.  Well, it's better than smashing beer bottles against an alley dumpster in PB and getting arrested by the cops for disturbing the peace.  At least you have a private room at the Smash Shack.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2008,9/11/2008,133,53,13,11,11>My friends and I met here prior to our Journey Concert extravaganza. We had a Margarita...holy crap was this really a Margarita?? I thought I was just served a 16 ounce glass of Patron with a splash of lime juice. My friend finished hers and she was wasted, I barely finished half and wound up with a skid on my elbow...only god know how. The food looked delicious, we didn't have time to dine...I will have to put that on my "To Do" list...but I did eat the crap out of their chips and salsa and that salsa does not mess around. It's not your typical watered down mushy tomato puree...you actually can see jalapeno seeds in this salsa. The staff was friendly and really quick with the jokes. Ponce's you've made a new fan...I will see you again, shortly.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,9/10/2008,112,232,6,12,12>I have commitment issues.  I get bored with routine, need a change of scenery, and quickly lose interest in people who are creatures of habit.  And so it has been with San Diego cafes.  Last year I divided my time between Influx, Claire de Lune and Cream, this year I've become a regular at Monica's and Cafe 976, and of late I've added Lily's and Cafe Bassam to my haunts.  Well, today my study buddy and I decided we needed something new, and we found exactly what we were looking for at Filter, which has quickly become my new favorite cafe.  I have to admit, I was a little intimidated to enter its previous incarnation as the Other Side.  It always looked so dark and foreboding with the heavy tables.  Now it's got some of the most comfortable furniture possible, from tiny tables with high backed chairs close to the ridiculous number of outlets lining the walls, to big, soft sofas in appealing shapes and colors, to a big huge dining room table with most comfortable purple chairs EVER.  Perfect for spreading out and studying, writing, meeting with friends, or just chilling out and enjoying the great music that they play, including quality Brazilian and Latin American jams.The drinks are served in big, generous mugs, and they bring the loose leaf tea sachet to you on a little side plate, aww.  The baristas are totally sweet and friendly, and will even comment on your little dance breaks to some neo-soul music.  Any barista who encourages random dancing is a-ok with me.  The panini sandwiches are pretty good, and the potato salad on the side is fantastic.  Lots of specialty drinks, sweets, and snack options will keep you full if you stick it out here till closing at 3AM.So yeah, this place is pretty fantastic, and the random cross-section of the population that turns up here makes people watching awesome.  Or you can check out the beautiful art by local artists which I was more than tempted to buy.  I'll keep dreaming about the mosaics until I can afford one!Suffice it to say that Filter will be seeing a lot of me from here on out.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2008,9/9/2008,353,87,23,15,14>What a classy place, and right on El Cajon Blvd. to boot!  After enjoying fine wines and cheeses we (we being fellow sexy Yelper Brian T. and non yelpers will remain anonymous, they shall be known as Ginger and Big Pimpin' Adalade or BPA for short) peddled down to the Lafayette Hotel for some refreshing beverages and a dip in the pool.   I am a very experienced towel changer, and I did the quick change at the bar patio no problem.  Ginger was not quite as savvy, and gave some random Irish folks a flash of the 'ol ginger wazoo! "Top 'o the mornin' to ya'!" one of the little leprechauns remarked.Brian put us all to shame with his hipster perfect, heroin-sheik physique.  I put everyone to shame with my Magnum P.I. chest, and everyone marveled in all of it's glory, except for BPA, who suggested that I "take some clippers to that shit."  Well she's just hating cause she's jealous. We all jumped into the pool which was warmed up to perfect temperature, while BPA went to pick us up some $2 beers.  'Que Cheap!'  We swam around and frolicked with the inflatable toys that were in the pool while BPA picked up on some random French Canadian chicks that were hanging out at the bar.  The pool has algae on parts of the bottom... it makes it feel very tropical!Then we made the mistake of entering the tub.  I refrain from using the more common expression 'hot tub' because there was nothing hot about said tub.  The jets did not work and the water was luke-warm at best, and the worst thing was the water was really hazy, like there was tons of things other than pool water in there, that I don't need to go into details about.  We got out, toweled off (complimentary towels!) got dressed, and drank some more beer as BPA sealed the deal with the sexy French Canadian girl.  Damn Lesbians!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,9/8/2008,292,68,46,14,19>The following scene is based loosely in reality; some liberties have been taken to fill in the gaps and provide continuity. In honor of Tim, Skipper of the SS Noob, characters have been given super powers. It's a cold dark night, a clear white moon, Mr. Tim was at the Aero trying to consume enough booze for the eve, so he could get real drunk, not talking to a soul, chillin like a punk. Enter Stephen L and Ryan R. having a spirited discussion probably about boobs. Stephen: Man, you know my rule... Ryan: Yeah, nothing over 25 and preferably married or in a serious relationship. Stephen: Goddamn right... Should we have another shot? Ryan: Do you have to ask?As the two-gentleman converse a pirate-like fellow sulks into their airspace; he is lead by his beard, he is not the most interesting man in the world but he wants to say something. Stephen: Who the fuck are you?Tim: Are you on Yelp.comRyan: Oh Jesus, this is going to be marvelous...Stephen: Don't you know who I am?Tim: I dunno, I'm Tim.Stephen: Ryan, get this piece of shit outta here...Tim: Oh are you Ryan R? Then you must be Sean C. Stephen: Is the guy for real?Tim: Well Sean C's an asshole so I was taking a shot in the dark..Stephen:  (pulls knife from pocket, flicks it open, and holds it up to Tim) What the fuck did you just say?Ryan: This is going to be better than I thought. Hey Captain Hook, guess again.Tim: Warren?Ryan: Oh, fuck!Stephen: I'm Stephen you fuckhead.Tim: Oh, I've never heard of you.Ryan: Tim, just stop now...Stephen: I'm about to turn this bitch into a nice slice of prison pussy. Ryan: How about we have a drink first and then you can kick his ass?Stephen: Agreed. You're doing a shot, Tim!Tim: ( a quarter stain of urine is now visible on Tim's pants) oook....Tim feeling threatened, downs his shot and unleashes his super power on Ryan and Stephen. His super beard begins to entangle Stephen... When the beard touches Ryan it disintegrates into ash... Obviously he should have known better. Ryan is far too good looking to be harmed by such a trivial super power. The beard is entangling Stephen, his super power of ass wrecking is no match for Tim's beard! Suddenly out of nowhere Sean C. busts through the wall. He is dressed in a red adidas track suit with matching head band. Sean C. Sooooooooooo who hired the douche baaaaaaaag!!!Ryan: Sean, dude we need you're help with this modern day pirate!!!Sean C: Fear not, my beautiful friend. The room begins to smell of polo and Aqua D'Gio. All of a sudden Tim's beard recoils, revealing a clean shaved face. His hair is combed straight back and his salsa stained flannel turns into a baby blue lacoste shirt with the colar popped. What the fuck? He's now a masshole douche bag. He speaks...Tim: Hey baar tenda, gimme a Heineken and a Jaeger bam!!Sean C: My work is done here, gimme a bastan laaga!Ryan: That was amazing...Stephen: Oh no you don't, Tim!Stephen drags the newly douchified Tim into the beer cooler to show him his super power. The End.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,9/12/2011,569,319,7,12,10>I really am Korean even though I'm no guru of All You Can Eat Korean BBQ (AYCE)!! Really, I am!What I liked: -The meats and side dishes are fully accessible at any time. I went to another AYCE in L.A. and you had to keep asking the server to bring you more. But, here all the food is inside the refrigerated buffet, so you can get more and more at your leisure. -Server brought us pieces of Korean pancake! It's made w/flour and has veggies and seafood. This wasn't available at the buffet, so it was nice for them to give us a special treat straight from the kitchen. What could be improved: -Service could be better, but it wasn't bad. I felt like there were a few times we had to keep flagging the servers down. -Would be nice to have a all you can drink fountain. Soda pops come in cans. -The ceiling is covered w/some kind of graffiti cartoon artwork that doesn't really compliment the Korean BBQ ambiance at all. How did I end up looking up at the ceiling? I have no clue and that's not the point, ha! I'm just saying it might look and feel better if they covered it w/some paint. Food: The chicken was really really good! It wasn't the cheap kind of chicken that's all rubbery. So, try the chicken. From what I can remember, everything else was good too!  OMG... writing this review is making me hungry and I'm starting to crave the chicken!! I think I'm gonna come here for dinner tonight. No joke. (Yes, I'm a fatty and I really am Korean, haha).
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,9/11/2011,333,220,10,9,8>We visited the fair on a Sunday afternoon.  It's really a "love-hate relationship" with Del Mar during fair season because traffic totally sucks fried Twinkies!  I feel obligated to attend (not only because it's fun) but I've already sat in hrs worth of traffic-jams I might as well visit with carny folk for the afternoon.Most people attend the fair for a taste of that years "deep fried experiment", a tasty meal, check out all the stuff for sale, a few exhibits, the animals, live music, midway games, possibly a picture with your sweetie in that small booth thing, and last but not least...dangerous rides.Yes, we did all this stuff and it was excellent.I will say the highlight of the evening was an experience I had on one of these "fun rides" at the fair.  I'm not sure what it was called but essentially you get strapped in a chair and it takes you high in the air and moves all over the place.  Any guy will know the ride because you're basically suspended in air (feet will not touch while in cock-pit) and all the pressure is focused on the family jewels...very special.  Yes, I paid money to acquire "magic tickets" so I could give some flunky 6 said tickets to get kicked in the nuts!  I'm such a dumbass...anyway this ride magically combines the thrill of a fast ride, heights, car accidents, and the feeling that your head or arms may "make contact" with other fast moving parts at any moment...it's truly a fun little ride. HOWEVER, my harness (which clasps at the crotch) was not securing like the peeps around me.  Some fair employee came over and waived another carny hipster doofus over to check it out.  OK, at this point I want the HELL off this ride!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My GF was like: "Umm, you know if it's not working that's cool we'll just get off, thanks!"  They did not acknowledge her, giving the "green light" to start the ride.So, for the next few minutes (flying around in the air) I was calculating "how long" I could hold on to this strap when the "nut buckle" released mid-ride.  I glanced over to my non-religious GF and she had her eyes closed praying to every god out there.It was truly a magical day at the Del Mar Fair!I give this fair 7 "I'm pretty sure I can no longer have kids" out of 10
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2011,9/10/2011,314,412,12,14,14>One of the best things about Coops is the leftovers. Left over pulled pork makes for great pulled pork quesadillasLeft over chicken makes for great fried rice + chickenLeft over brisket ...when is there ever left over brisket.True their meat isn't drowned in BBQ sauce, (neither is phil's, if you've been their recently) so if you like it saucy you'll have to sauce it yourself. I haven't tried the smoked sausage yet which I REALLY REALLY REALLY want to.+10 stars for coincidentally going here on a Thursday $2 off a meal! (2 meat plate = $12.99) They recently repaved the parking lot. I always forget to check in, consider this my check inMelissa has checked in 4? times.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,9/9/2011,854,525,12,11,12>FIRSTIES! I am. A lot. Tipsy. Mission accomplished. Wait. What? Numerous photos uploaded. I'll write a proper review after I sober up... [fast forward 12 hours] ...ok I'm back and no raging hangover! Premium spirits FTW!!! Pretty good recovery time, I suppose, following a Sunday of endless booze samples. It's my virgin voyage to the Broadway Pier. The wide open setup inside the warehouse sized room and clear view of the bay as sailboats float on by the waterfront on this warm and sunny downtown afternoon is as good as it gets. I noticed the artist vendor tents setup in front of the pier. Nice, but let's cut to the chase, booze hounds. There's liquor, llama hugs, and lunch trucks. Oh my! The festival was an excellent time and everyone there was in a great mood. I had an opportunity to sample some fine beverages from new distributors making their debut to SoCal's bars and nightclubs as well as some established vendors who mentioned their products being available at BevMo, but not all of them, or just not yet. Here's the link to this year's sponsors and participants: sandiegospiritsfestival.… There were plenty of exhibits on display and the pours were frequent and heavy. Brief wait times, short lines, and photo opportunities abound. This had the potential of becoming some kind of train wreck, but (un)fortunately I didn't see anyone passed out or amateurs giving it back. There were a couple of bumbling stumblers, though, which meant good times. Whether you're a connoisseur, a fan of crafty quality cocktails, or just enjoy an open bar, the San Diego Spirits Festival is definitely worth checking out.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2011,9/8/2011,806,340,19,20,18>Good guys.Great service.It is funny how I can blow $300 of my own money on a sushi dinner and not bat an eye.Yet, with the company's dollars I am the most frugal son of a bitch.I was tired of being gouged by our lease company car window repair.Truck windshields can be expensive but not 500 dollars.Glass Depot beat their price by almost half.It doesn't take a math wizard to figure out that 9 vehicles times 2 windshields for 4 of the units and an average of 1 windshield for 5 units with an average cost of 500 dollars over a year equals...wait...hold on...**ugh...stupid C/CE calculatorok. It's $4500 wait...that isn't right.$6,500??Screw it.You will save a lot of money and time by going through these guys. They come out to your location and do a great job.So, just call them.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,9/7/2011,1179,432,13,26,18>I was able to nab an appointment with Lana because I was in a really bad need of root touch up and to get my split ends snipped. My hair was a hot mess when I walked in.  My hair is naturally black, but it was previously bleached then dyed a hot red color and had a cut that was Elvira / Joan Jett rocker status...which looked great when it was first done lol but months later...the color faded and my split ends grew out.Lana was able to do my root touch up without bleaching my hair and she even applied color to the rest of my hair so that it'll blend and not look so brassy. So the color turned out great!However, when I got home....I still noticed I had split ends =(  I didn't notice right away when I was at the salon cause I guess she got some of my split ends but not all of them so when I looked at my hair in the mirror at the salon...I didn't notice. Overall, the experience was great and their pricing is affordable. I especially like this place because it's like a family owned business and it seemed like a majority of the customers that were there were repeat customers...which is always a good sign =)  I even bumped into a friend, who is also a regular, so that was pretty awesome.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,9/6/2011,415,328,7,9,10>What? I was just making a dessert list and realized I have never written a review for PubCakes. How can this be? I have blown them up on my Facebook but apparently that never translated to a yelp.com review.I have been enjoying these delicious treats since Misty started out a while ago making them to order only. Then she started selling them at High Dive so I would go there just to get a delicious cupcake and of course a beer. Needless to say, but I will anyway, the reason that I have followed these delectable cakes around the city is because they are AMAZING!Misty takes craft beer and turns it into a to die for cupcake. She even has a cake that caters to the vegans! It's made from a pumpkin ale and has now become my favorite! I also love the hef and the car bomb PubCakes. If you are looking for a cupcake that stands out from the rest in this whole cupcake fad, you have to try PubCakes! They are amazing!
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,9/5/2011,491,508,23,24,26>200th Review and what to do?  What could possibly be worth the time?CHARGERS!  Ah yes!I've got nothing but love for you and sure, it's a love/hate/love relationship with disappointment galore, but like most (not all) Charger fans out there, we're in it for the long haul and always have been.  Even when I bought my first season tickets and they finished with a 1-15 record, I stayed.  Is this the year?  Well, I think it is, but I say that every year in August when the sun is shining bright and the first pangs of football love hit me.  I can't talk shit because that's just not my forte, but I can talk love for the game and the team.  GO BOLTS!  Haters are welcome, because in the end, you're just fans like we are.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,9/3/2011,720,560,10,12,11>In a weird way, knowing that the bar that used to be here was called Bitter End and another bar I know in Hillcrest called At Wits End, all bit the dust/end.  I think this place though still have the same owners since my receipt says Bitter End.Otherwise, I would say my experience alone until the rest of the gang alone was good.  The waitress/server was friendly nice and helpful.  Pointed out I was a Yelper and showed my check-in with free appetizer.  Good solid start.  Since I was the first to come, it gave me an opportunity to order some food.  I admire that they are trying to serve food even hot food but unfortunately it's very limited.  I will not hold it against the Tipsy Crow because they don't advertise themselves as a restaurant.  Here is the lowdown, the sandwiches are mostly associated with grill cheese.  Most sandwiches are paninis (no matter the filling).  Even their cheese board appetizer is really small grilled cheese sammies.  For this, I can't reward this place the 5 stars even for a fun bar to visit in the Gaslamp.  I do have to say its better than just having stale popcorn(but that is free), I had to pay for my sandwich.3 floors, 3 options.  The first floor - mainly the big bar area with booths, some games but mostly where you would eat and drink.  The second floor - where the bartenders are friendly, the atmosphere is clubby(like old men with cigars) and also game room vibe.  Here on Monday nights (same night as the free app for Yelpers who check-in), Game nights prevail - whether it's BINGO - I needed B6 and I18 on the two games I played or its Family Feud night....where its not the right answers that win but what the public (survey says) thinks is  the answer.  The third floor (basement) is mostly for live shows/acts that play it.  So to end this sort of long review for what amounts to really a Gaslamp bar, I still recommend for a quick night out on a Mon-Thur night.  I hate Fri/Sat on the GasLamp, too many tourists and drunks.  Next time, that free shot will be mine!  B-I-N-G-O  - Survey Says?  Yes!
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,9/2/2011,4165,809,84,50,47>$       $          $           $$$$$   $$$$$    $       $       $       $        $  $         $       $   $      $     $ $             $$$$$        $ $ $        $$$$     $$$$          $               $       $     $        $      $            $               $              $       $   $            $    $            $               $             $     $    $$$$$    $       $    $$$$$     $    $       $   $       $    $     $$$$$     $       $   $       $    $$$$$     $    $       $   $       $    $$   $     $    $$$$$     $$$$$    $  $Ladies, 18 and over, please answer YES or NO to the following questions:1) Are you a high school drop out and incapable of getting your GED?2) Are you working some crappy paying job with absolutely no desire to get an actual career?3) Are you fairly attractive?4) Do you think that Paris Hilton, Lindsey Lohan, and/or Snooki are "intelligent"?5) Do you feel Envy, Jealousy, and Admiration when you see a stereotypical "Trophy Wife"?6) Are you distracted easily by shiny objects?7) Is it your life long goal to marry a Sugar Daddy and spend the rest of your life shopping, getting peddis/manis, driving a big luxury SUV, and produce Trust-Fund babies for your Sugar Daddy? (I know I dream of this...)If you answered "YES" to at least 4 out 7 of the above questions, then you need to come to Donovan's 400-700PM on weekdays.  Yuppy attired Middle Aged Men, Old Men, and Really Old men are crammed like sardines in the bar area...dress shirt to dress shirt...loafer to loafer.  Ladies, with a bit of perfume and a revealing dress thats generous with the "girls", you easily can snare yourself a nice sugar daddy and be the next Anna Nicole Smith with your very own Hugh Hefner clone.For the rest of us people with brains, Donovan's serves THEE best mini steak sandwiches from 4-6PM. Oh!...and...*drumroll*... they're FREE!!! They sort of melt in your mouth...its a mouthgasmical ribeye, onion, peppers, & mushroom orgy. They also hand out free mini steak burritos....nom! nom! nom! But they don't serve enough for a full meal... $8 Cocktails are delish, but theres also $5 beers too for Cheapasses like Chun P.Great service from the bar waitreses in a very fancy, schmancy, classy American atmosphere. I absolutely loved the bathrooms equipped with cloth towels and mouth wash...and why don't more places have black urinals? So cool!
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,8/30/2010,806,340,13,20,15>so...i waited until i visited a couple times.it is super good.is that enough??? you just place your order on this little check mark thing, that they use as a menu.  If you are a grazer (vegi),  they got you covered.  If you will partake in meat then you are more than covered. Whichever your chose, if you can, try the lamb potstickers. amazingly good. amazing.if you like a drink with your meal...you are more than covered. the drinks are super cheap..well a good deal at that. worth the penny i will say.  order a bottle of shochu/soju and it will all be good. just get the pitcher of water, with a side of lemons and you will be set.If you have more than six people in your party it would be a good idea to let them know  ahead of time. BUT if you are a party of two-four or to six....this is a great spot at anytime. **you can always grab a drink next door, at the stix, if you have to wait...just sayin as an option.The service is incredible. I have been numerous times now and every time the service was great....but then i am nice to the servers and if you are rude or a douche...please don't come hear and give the rest of us a bad name.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,8/29/2010,314,412,22,22,16>I came here again this past Saturday because I live the closest. Holy Moly Cluster F**k. Plastered on their windows were signs that said "Please Take A Number." Okay...Honestly, I don't understand why I had to wait in line with people ordering from the display cases. Okay, my friend had called in an order for two strudels on Monday/Tuesday, simple task: Pick up the strudel. I was hoping it wouldn't take so long, I was already running behind schedule. Number 77, okay they're at number 69. /tapping feetThe workers were yelling behind the counter, "NUMBER 70...71...72..and so on"Finally my number was called./turn on attitude"I'm here to PICK UP an order for (insert name here).""Was it called in?""YES."/girl sifting through a stack of carbon copies of ordersHello, disorganization.She shows me the order, asks if I want all the names on one white chocolate sheet.Sure, though I notice someone's name is misspelled, I didn't bother correcting it. FINALLY got my two strudels. Little girl + 2 strudels = difficult time opening doors.This part has nothing to do with Hans and Harry's but some stupid betch who I think is going to open the door for me but just pushes it rather than holding it open. So yes the door hits me on the way out. Thanks BETCH!I still love their desserts, but PLEASE Hans and/or Harry, have a separate pick-up line for people who have called in their orders WAY in advance AND THAT'S ALREADY BEEN PAID FOR via telephone, rather than having us wait 20 minutes.At least the misspelled name got some major LOLs. Jalisco.*Go during the weekdays not on a Saturday.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,8/27/2010,352,132,13,17,14>Mount Soledad shows off all of San Diego's beauty and every aspect of it. You can see everything from up there! A full panoramic of America's finest city. Even the drive up is fun.It reminded my why as an out-of-towner I chose to stay in San Diego in the first place. It's humbling to me that the Veteran's memorial is perched upon the highest point in the city for all to see. Despite all the controversy surrounding the cross, I'm glad that people are still proud of San Diego's military tradition...as they should be!P.S. Don't wear sandals. A friend sliced his toe up pretty bad on the sharp bricks. I trust all of you reading this are smarter than him to begin with because, well, you're reading. Just as a precaution though-no sandals!
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2010,8/26/2010,316,108,32,29,24>Dude... I just don't get it.  I mean, the food is pretty decent-ish, but there is f-ing no way I would stand in line for this place.  I mean, I wouldn't turn it down if someone put it in front of me, but I wouldn't go out of my way for this noise.I dunno man... is BBQ sauce supposed to be sour like that?  Is it supposed to be a color reminiscent of sweet and sour sauce?  Perhaps all this is just a matter of preference though.  I like mines with the taste of whiskey and brown sugar... maybe throw in some molasses or something... maybe you add in some love.  But what the hell does a Vanilla Manila 2nd generation San Diegan know about BBQ anyway?  Not much probably.  But after hearing so much raving over this place for years n' years, I am vely disappoint.  Yes, vely disappoint.Don't get me wrong.. the food is not bad by any means, it's just not really worth my time.  I'd rather go to Chili's.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2010,8/25/2010,127,126,22,29,26>Can I place a "to-go order," please?I'll make this sweet & simple.  I happened to be on my way to a NYE party and thought of bringing a bottle of wine.  I called the host of the party and asked if he needed anything in particular.  He mentioned it was not necessary to bring more alcohol because he still had a lot left over from the previous Christmas soiree.  I thought to myself, "I can't come over empty handed?  ...that's just not me."   Viola, I got it!  Why not offer some simple finger foods?Upon entering this lightly dim restaurant I was greeted by a friendly host.  A warm welcome of, "would you like to take a seat?"  They were somewhat busy (which is a good thing, right?).  Although, I briefly considered eating before going to the party, I had to regretfully decline.  "To-go, please?"  The host pointed me towards the cashier.  As a regular, I was familiar with the menu and thought I'd give a quick once over to see if I may have missed anything.I placed several orders of egg rolls and spring rolls; enough to feed approximately 15 to 20 people?  With one request:  cut them down to single serving bites (finger food bites).  The order was timely, fresh, and (oh, so) good.  I couldn't ask for better food or service....to make a long story short, it was the hit of the party.  The rest of the evening, whether sober of drunk, I was repeated asked, "where I picked up these heavenly 'Vietnamese' treats?"  I didn't hesitate to recommend to my friends this place.  Therefore, I wanted to share with you.Pho Hiep Grill, you helped ring in a wonderful 2010 for me and a few of my friends.  After this experience, I think you'll be getting a few new fans in the coming weeks.  Thank you!
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,8/24/2010,184,125,12,12,15>Came here for lunch on New Year's Eve.  Our waitress was so pleasant and kept us smiling.  Everyone talks about the warm sourdough bread brought to each table - and yes, it is that good.  WARM BUTTER MOUTH ORGASM.The Calamar Frits was very good with the super garlicky aoli - would order this again!The Ahi Tuna Nicoise Salad was the second best I've ever had!  Really a fantastic salad with just the right touch of dressing.  Sesame crusted ahi is a cool update to the salad.The Grilled Chicken Sandwich is well, just what you'd expect but made on a delicious soft and chewy baguette bread.The wine pours are hefty, so go ahead and indulge.  Have a glass at noon.  : )As this was my second visit, it's becoming one of my favorites.  :)We saw the chef sitting at a table and talking to a couple for quite a while.  We thought they were lucky to have the bill come out to $0 (I was close enough to see).  However, the couple only left a $10 tip - how cheap can you be?  Their lunch must have been ~$60.  If we ever get any kind of sweet hookup, we tip BIG.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2010,8/23/2010,245,144,51,25,24>It's all fun and games until some haggard, horny broad exits one of the on site pay-as-you-shamelessly-masturbate-in-public viewing booths with her pants on backwards. How the hell does one succeed in putting one's pants on backwards? "Courageous" as it is to heed your horniess despite the venue (in public, for instance), you needn't display any further "urgency issues" from which you obviously suffer by making it so awkwardly apparent. Furthermore, sauntering your post-coitus wares around the store while nonchalantly groping any object within reach, all while your pants are on backwards, exacerbates the awkwardness.A series of thoughts flooded my head as I suppressed my "oh no, this bitch didn't" reflex. Here they are in no particular order:*Not going to buy that? Oh, you're just looking around/copping a feel? Like, on everything? *Did you know that your pants are on backwards? Do you care?*Can I offer you some complimentary hand sanitizer? How about a crying game shower?*Does this purchase come with a free prescription of Valtrex?I'm neither a Puritan nor a prude. But seriously, can I have some sort of guarantee that my prospective purchase hasn't endured the hand-held equivalent of third base prior to my purchasing it? Jesus..
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,8/22/2010,422,258,13,13,13>I don't know if I've ever encountered a more upbeat, cheerful team of dental professionals in my entire life.  You start out with the receptionist, Moyna, who always has a bright grin to greet you.  Audrey, the hygienist, is very affable and personable, and she remembers things about you and your family from the previous visits, even if they were 6 months ago (or longer... oops!).  She has a very gentle touch, and before you know it, you're done.Then comes Dr. Phillips.  She's never had to do much work on me (I take very good care of my teeth on a regular basis), but her personality is always as charming as the rest of the team.  It's almost like a grandmother-ish kind of thing.  You halfway expect her to say when she's done, "Very good... now here's a cookie!"  A non-cavity-causing cookie, of course, but you get the point.I only have 2 problems with the business.  1, They are closed on Fridays, which is the day I'd most like to get my appointments.  And 2, getting here from the 125 is a logistical nightmare.  You have to go waaay down the street and do a U-turn to get there.But once you're there, you're in VERY good hands, and you can't help but leave smiling.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,8/20/2010,113,145,14,17,16>"ARRGUGNGGHARRRGHH!"There isn't much to say that hasn't already been said about the amazing service Dr. Beau's entire office provides, other than that. Every visit is like a little motivational pick-me-up, from Jamie smiling at the front desk to the comfort of the massage chairs and the kindness of Eli in helping me figure out my wonky insurance benefits -- every minute in Chiropratique is time well spent, where my schedule is respected, my questions are completely addressed and my health concerns are taken in all seriousness. If every doctor were as understanding, generous and dedicated as Dr. Beau, we would have so many fewer sick and stressed people in the world. While his degrees may be in chiropractic, his specialty is a mix of body work and mind adjustment. I am so grateful to have been blessed with a recommendation to give Chiropratique a chance, because every visit is like a trip to a psychologist, a motivational speaker and a spiritual healer all rolled in with amazing back crackage and tension relief. Lay my head on that zebra-printed table and adjust away! "ARRGUGNGGHARRRGHH," indeed.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2010,8/19/2010,127,251,9,19,16>This place is hella far away from my house, but well worth the drive. My good friends, my daughter, and I all braved traffic heading east (and all of the insane college traffic) to come eat at Sala Thai Restaurant. You have to LOOK for Sala Thai in the little plaza it's in, but it's on the left side of the plaza that I believe used to be a drive-in theater.We were seated very quickly, and the service is awesome! Tong, the owner's son, served us most of the time. He had great recommendations for all of the different tastes in our group, including my picky daughter. We started with the crab rangoons, my friends ordered tom yum (if not that, then tom ka, but I don't remember their being coconut milk, so it probably is tom yum) soup, I had the tofu soup, and then we ordered yellow curry, sweet and sour shrimp, Pad Thai, and my daughter had a special plate of chicken made just for her (your server might know what it is if you ask about the chicken that kids really like). The food was amazing! The crab rangoons had just the right amount of crab, with not too much cream cheese (I hate when the cream cheese overpowers the crab). The soups were delicious. I really liked my friend's tom yum soup; the spices and oils were exquisite and had a kick without burning the mouth. My tofu soup was very mild. If you're not in the mood for spicy food, I'd recommend this soup. It's pretty much a vegetable soup in a clear, yellow broth. Think chicken noodle soup, but Thai. My friends loved their curry and sweet and sour shrimp, although I didn't try them. The fact that my daughter ate at least half of what was on her plate is a testament to how good the chicken must have been! I thought it was very cute that her rice was shaped like a heart, too.  My Pad Thai was great! The crushed peanuts were a perfect touch, and the flavor was sweeter than I expected, but still good.For dessert, we were surprised with a sort of dessert sampler, on the house! The plate consisted of coconut ice cream on a bed of crushed peanuts, fried bananas, and this AMAZING sticky rice topped with mangoes. Oh. My. Goodness. The sticky rice with mangos was so good! The coconut ice cream was probably my second favorite item. The fried bananas were sweet and delicious, but unless I'm having a potassium craving (it happens), bananas aren't that exciting to me.The service was great! Tong was so nice to us the entire time, and he didn't mind when my social daughter kept him at our table all night with her questions, Simon Says games, and conversation. He was also the one who suggested the chicken, as his niece really enjoyed it. He even showed off his dance moves for my daughter and told us that he used to work with kids. He's really a cool guy. The atmosphere is lovely; the dim lighting sets a more intimate and romantic mood. Prices are very, very reasonable. I love that Sala Thai Restaurant is family-owned, so it gives me great pleasure to review them favorably. I'd definitely recommend this place if you're in the vicinity of San Diego State University or the surrounding neighborhoods.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,12/19/2011,2074,1145,12,20,18>5 dollar fridays!!vons might only do 5 dollar fridays but cute and charming jayne's has a 5 dollar hh tues-sat from 5-6:30.  get in early because the hh is only at the small bar area.  you'd think they would open hh out to the patio area but some nights you'd be hard pressed to get a table without any rezzies to dine on the regular menu.hh highlights:sarah the bartender rocked!sea bass fish tacos were delicious and will fill you up - you get 2tasty but teeny:the mini jayne burger was just that.  after eating my 2 fish tacos, the mini burger was good but didn't seem as good a deal.  however, it does come with a handful of fries.notables:hh menu: calamari, pulled pork quesadilla, more fries (can never have too many to balance out the booze to food ratio)regular menu: poutine (coulda used a wee more cheese but the short rib gravy was yummy)....and you can't go wrong: (regular dessert menu)the brownie for a choco sweet but the winner was the heavenly warm madeleines.the bill adds up quickly if you start ordering off the regular menu but jayne's is truly a neighborhood gem.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,12/18/2011,125,305,9,12,10>My gf and I found this place by accident while searching for a pizza joint near the metro San Diego area while still in the South Bay; my Yelp app found this place. I didn't even know this place existed and then I found out its only been open for about four months. We were extremely excited because we weren't in the mood to drive too far and this place was just a few miles away, it was a new place to try for the first time and with amazing reviews. It was a little late and I didn't expect this place to be open because not that many places stay open late in this area. Well, as far as pizza goes.It was actually quite funny because when we arrived it had the open sign on and the business hours said until midnight and we kept knocking and knocking for minutes and nobody answered. Finally, we called and the owner and he answered the phone which apparently was his cellphone and I asked him we've been outside for five minutes knocking and he said he was down the street walking his dog. Anyway, after a few minutes of talking to the owner, we decided to try a large deep dish Chicago pizza with cheese, tomato, green peppers and ricotta cheese. Forty-five minutes later, I was stuffing myself with the monstrous deep dish as I was driving back home.  Maaan!, this shit didn't even fit in the box. It was enormously stuffed with fresh and delicious tomato sauce, cheese, bell peppers and ricotta cheese. The crust was crispy in the outside and soft in the inside. It's just remarkably amazing how good this pizza is. Believe me!That same night, four people ate and I still had left overs for my self the next two days. I'll admit, its a bit expensive. Your going to spend easily $20 bucks on a pizza  but its worth it. Trust me! The place is a hidden gem in NC, it delivers, stays open late, great  Chicago style pizza and cool service from the owner. La Coasta Nostra Pizza is a must for any San Diegan.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,12/17/2011,154,43,36,13,12>Whenever I go to this Wine Steals I find the clientele to be abnormally attractive and it really makes me nervous. You'll never get a table anyway so just come on a Friday or Saturday evening to see what I'm talking about. It's not normal.A gorgeous group of girlfriends will come in and sit down for happy hour and you'll think "What's happening here? Where are all the fatties? Where's an obligatory creepy old guy when you really need one? Why do women outnumber men by a huge margin here? Something must be wrong. I gotta get out of here."Believe me, 360 degrees of stunning women consuming alcohol sounds good on paper but there's something wholly unnatural about it when it actually happens. And it's not just the women, you can't swing a dead cat in there without hitting an athletic guy with an epic haircut and a chiseled jawline.Oh yeah... and they have good pizzas and wine.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,12/16/2011,90,51,9,7,8>Gaglione's has saved me on more than one occasion.Not to get into any details, but there have at least been two occasions where intense alcohol has been involved and a good heavy cheesesteak has come to my rescue.The meat has never been dry, the cheese is good, and they have the hot pepper relish that I absolutely relish (see what I did there?). The options they have for their sandwiches are pretty vast.And every time I've gone, the staff has been extremely friendly.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,12/15/2011,137,60,34,13,12>I love me some side beezy. The crowd is nominally attractive, and the staff is both aesthetically palatable (my non-creepy way of saying hot) as well as pleasant. Again, as a female I'm sure this review has a slight tilt. I'm not sure what the cover policy is, but I've been ushered in for free, boozed up for free, and been the victim of whiskey fueled banter about what it's like to be a CPA for free. The venue has birdcage hipster decor with some bordello accents, so me likes very much. It looks like the kind of place Twilight vampires would lounge in, if that helps any. I know that raised some half-chubs...Side bar is also extremely versatile, its a great place to kick off the night, end the night, or for those without nightclub A.D.D, stay all night. **Bonus, Ciro's pizza is literally next door. So you if you walk your drunk ass over 15 steps, you can cry into your folded slice of pepperoni pizza while you text your ex-boyfriend.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,12/14/2011,607,243,11,14,16>I bit into my first pearl-covered dessert from the Sugar Suite. I thought it was just decor when I laid eyes on the perfectly-dipped caramel apples covered in pearls. So, I waited until someone else took one and watched them bite in. The girl continued devouring the apple without cracking a tooth, and I went for it, too. The apples were a delicious addition to the rest of the desserts that were catered - especially the cake pops. Everything that is whipped up from the Sugar Suite contains the highest quality, made from scratch goodness with an unreal attention to detail. The plus side is that it's the mastermind behind the oven is also the owner. I like to think of her as the Caterer Extraordinaire and she's got to be one of the most down-to-earth business owners I know because she delivers 110% with excellent customer service.For my graduation, I got a cake that looked so good that I didn't want to cut into it and once I did, I didn't want to stop. The cake's presentation wasn't only pleasing to the eyes, but quite pleasing to the palate.At my sister's baby shower, she made the tea party's theme unforgettable. Everybody was crazy about the desserts and I'm still craving those apples...This is what makes me wish that the Sugar Suite had a store front. Until then, I'll settle for the goodies I can get my hands on at a party that is catered by them.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,12/13/2011,64,66,14,19,15>I am in loveIn love with a libraryI don't know if Prop 8 will cover this but let's hope the courts will recognize this needed union.One of only 16 nonprofit membership libraries in the United States and one of two west of the Mississippi and it's over 110 years old.Really? Yes.If you have a working brain and want to keep it in tip top shape, head straight there an invest your time in the fine arts...If your brain is thirsty for knowledge, drink at the fountain of music, arts and calming surroundings...  This will improve your life and most definitely make your brain bigger...Make sure to keep this a secret as Zombies are sure to find out and stop at your house for a big meal.I haven't had the chance to go to a concert or artist series as yet but LOVE the books and the incredible selection of topics...I drool over their section of sheet music and opera librettosI love reading the score to my favorite classical piece and listening along...Best Part:Open and Free to the Public to enjoy but only members may take books out.  PLUS, it's beautiful... inside and out.When you do become a member you are allowed to take out at any given time....5 Books5 Magazines5 Record Albums5 Music Scores5 CDs5 DVDs5 VideosCDs, DVDs and Videos Circulate for two weeks all other material for four weeks! $.50 for each item that is overdue. An individual member is $40A family membership (meaning spouse and kids) for the entire year is $50And a $75 "A- List" Membership gives all the perks of a membership and entitles you to two invites to all their "A-List" Events. Open Tuesday-Saturday 10-5:30Open Late till 8:30 on WednesdayClosed Sundays, Mondays and HolidaysNow I just have to pick out our wedding bands...
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,12/12/2011,281,408,12,11,12>My Dad is a man that loves his French Fries (well, knowing him, it's likely that he still calls them Freedom Fries, but whatever). And I think he told everyone in the restaurant, plus a few walking down the street about the fries here. Seriously it was almost embarassing, but that's what Dad's are for, right?I've loved everything I've had here including the drink with Elderflower (unfortunately I may have liked it too much because I can't remember the name). As lame as it sounds, though, the thing I love the most is the grilled cheese and tomato soup. It's like what you remember as comfort food, but kicked up a notch. Soooo good! Ambiance is fun, if not a little quirky (depends on the people sitting near you)...which is what I've come to know and love about North Park. Totally a great date night spot, but awesome for a lunch and/or blunch on the weekend. :)
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,12/10/2011,597,654,12,14,16>Just when I was going to christen Callahans as the Crown Jewel of Mira Mesa restaurants, this place shows up. Located smack dab in the middle of the old Thriftys-Alpha Beta strip mall, this establishment seems a little out of place. I mean, the swank and contemporary interior, the impeccable service and the food presentation, you'd expect something like this in touristy Downtown, along the coast, across the Coronado Bridge or within earshot of Rancho Santa Fe. But nooo, this gem of a Thai restaurant appears from out of the blue to provide some of the tastiest Thai favorites with an aesthetic flair, at reasonable prices.In Mira Mesa? Siam Nara, you have a lot going for yourself. I look forward to seeing you again. And again.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,12/9/2011,179,436,3,7,7>Nothing says "I love you" like freshly baked bread. Especially if it's from Village Bread Mill.The bread here is baked fresh daily and is free of preservatives. My parents are fans of the Country White. Me being the health nut that I am these days indulges in the Multigrain.Quaint, clean store. Very friendly and helpful staff.Favorite local bakery. Hands down.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,6/15/2014,507,528,6,11,8>Spent the day in Balboa park and decided to try out Lil B's for a late lunch. We had a group of 8 so I was a little concerned about getting a table. Luckily they were able to accommodate us pretty fast. The wait staff was friendly and attentive.  I ended up ordering the patty melt and some of their enchilada soup. The soup was good but a little too much like tomato soup. My patty melt came out soon after and it couldn't have come a moment too soon. I was starving! I ordered and extra side of 1000 island dressing. If you haven't tried it I recommend putting some on their patty melt. So delicious! Everyone in our group enjoyed their meals. The portions are plentiful and the food quality was good as well. I decided I'd be doing myself a disserviceIf I didn't try a milkshake. I ordered a peanut butter milkshake and the man ordered the cherry cream milkshake. Both were oh so delicious. I enjoyed the wide variety of Lil B's menu and look forward to going back.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,6/14/2014,288,129,5,19,10>I could easily become a regular here......I noticed this place a few days ago while driving through Hillcrest, and made a mental notation to check it out. Today, December 20th, I was thinking what to have for lunch...light bulb moment!As I walk up, there is a nice looking, young man, standing in the sun...asking people as they walk by if they would like a menu. I stare at their sign on the side walk...nothing special. Just, that their open now, and the menu posted at the top. I start scanning...I am greeted immediately with a smile. Cute too! The waiter (Kevin) was standing next to him, and greeted me as well. He tells me that the monk's stone pot is their specialty. Looks good! Why not!As I walk inside, the decor is modern industrial cozy? Check out the pictures. What would you call it? Anyway, I like it, and it works. Plus, I like red. I am definitely digging the couch by the wall. Comfy! I wasn't in the mood for beer, sake, or the korean vodka Kevin mentioned. Another time...soon! However, the monk's stone pot was calling my name. monk's stone pot "superheated stone pot filled with choice of white or brown rice topped with veggies, over-easy egg, and drizzle of signature hot sauce". You can have the hot sauce on the side. (That's what I did.)  The veggies included; baby spinach, julienne zucchini, sauteed mushrooms, marinated bean sprouts, bamboo shoots/carrot kinpira. All that for $7.95. You also have a choice of more protein; organic tofu +$2, pulled pork+$2, shrimp +$4, marinated sliced ribeye +$4, salmon +$5, chicken breast +$2, and kimchi +$2.I chose the marinated sliced ribeye. The bowl is hot so you want to be careful. A spoon and fork is provided for you to maneuver around. It's suggested you mix all the ingredients together before eating. Keep in mind that all items are still cooking while in front of you. The rice is at the bottom, therefore, you want to mix it quickly. Unless you like a crunchy rice.IT WAS DELICIOUS!!! The hot sauce and the fish sauce were a nice addition to the already flavorful dish. I was glad that I chose for them to be on the side. While enjoying my entree, I noticed a TV playing a movie...Asian Kung Fu? Subtitles. Not a fan, but I got sucked into the story. I almost forgot I was at a restaurant, because I caught myself laughing out loud. It was a good story, okay!?!?F.Y.I. The bowl is large. Only one size is available. Doggy bag, please.Of course, Kevin asked me if I wanted dessert. Sure, what do you have? He names of apple wontons and green tea ice cream. I like green tea!  Ice cream it is.Note to self: Ordered it, tried it, won't order it again. It was unusual! Not sure how to describe the odd flavor. But, now I can say I've had it.Kevin comes by with a basket of cookies. At first, I thought he was being nice and offering me a cookie because I mentioned the odd taste of the ice cream. Turns out he was offering the cookie for free to promote them. That is always effective!!! By the way, I had it later today, and it was delicious. Oatmeal cookies are my favorite!A few odds and ends! They carry 12 beers on tap, with 4 rotating every season. I asked which ones are rotated, and the answer is unknown. Whatever runs out? The owner makes the decision.Parking is challenging in Hillcrest. I emphasize the challenging. I found metered parking on 4th Ave. (2 Hrs. Maximum) after making one loop.East Village Asian Diner is located next to Burger Lounge on University Ave. and 4th Ave. heading west on the north side.I give E.V.A.D. 5 stars for superb service, great tasting food, clean and pleasant ambience. Bon Appetit! ...and like I said, I could easily become a regular here.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,6/13/2014,368,435,8,11,10>It's such a gem to discover a new Thai restaurant that's well worth the trip!I was lucky enough to hang out with the rare and precious Andy P, and we both have a taste for Thai food. We decided to be adventurous and stray from our beloved favorites (Bahn Thai, mostly) and come here. We are so glad we did!We both showed up in jeans and hoodies and felt a little underdressed because though it looks janky outside, it is lovely (and too romantic for my Andy P hangout-sorry bro, loved it anyway) inside! The lighting is low, candles and gerber daisies on each table--NICE!Service is fine! Not the best and definitely not lacking. Our water glasses stayed full, we ordered promptly, and the food was brought pretty quickly! I even placed a to-go order for my lucky bf about halfway through, and they brought it boxed up with the check. We ordered to pad thai (I am ashamed to order the whitest thing, but the stomach wants what it wants) and the pad kee mao. Both were sooo good! They have amazing noodles. Omy. I am coming back for dem noodles! The pad thai was flavorful and kept me happy with a spice level 3--a barely but just enough there spiciness. The pad kee mao was fantastic! I lovedddd the big noodles and peppers. Price was on point--portions were perfect as well. Quality seemed pretty good, so I am feeling darn good about this find! They have a wide variety on the menu of noodle dishes, curries, meat/vegetable entrees, and rice dishes so you can try a million things and find your favorite (I must do this). They offer drink specials as well, I believe, each day, as well as appetizers and salads. So whatever you wish, I bet it's here. Happy Nat=Happy Andy P. Or is it the other way around? Anyways, we didn't have to learn today because we were both pretty happy, and I can't wait to share this place with others. The shady strip mall has another hit!
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,6/12/2014,353,513,9,17,9>This is in my top 5 of culinary experiences in my life! Real talk. I've been very fortunate  to be able to experience some great food in my life and Mama's is one of my top favorites. I'm still in shock how such sophisticated flavors are coming out of this little place, and how it's still somewhat under the radar?The menu is outstanding. I want it all. Decided to play it middle field and get the chicken and beef sharwama that comes with rice, salad, hummus and bread. I also get water and their large Arabic coffee. Side note: Arabic coffee is coffee from the heavens. It's my all time favorite and it's a very special treat when I can get it done right.Run up to the window when I hear my number in excitement. I knew the food would be good, but never expected it to be this amazing. Get an outside table on the most perfect day in early Nov. Open it up and it just looks beautiful. Never seen food look this good coming out of a styrofoam container. The beef sharwama is beyond delicious with perfect marinade and shredding. The chicken sharmama might trump the beef. Again, perfect marinade and just the best chunks of succulent, fresh chicken I've experienced in a really long time. I haven't been this blown away by chicken in over a decade! The rice is done to perfection. Salad was perfectly balanced, fresh and prepped with care. The fresh pita bread and fresh hummus are beyond words. The Arabic coffee is simply beyond the best I've ever had. I love Arabic coffee and I have a hard time finding it prepped properly. Mama's knows exactly what they're doing! It takes some time, but well worth the wait. I'm coming back to try everything. They're gonna get sick of me very soon.Nothing makes me happier than finding small places like this that put so much pride, effort and care in to their craft. I want this place to stay exactly like it is for a very long time.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,6/11/2014,50,27,5,19,17>BBQ is my favorite, my friends also like to have some BBQ at least in a week. Last week we friends decided to hang out for no reason. We decided that place for the whole plan. We reached there for dinner. The atmosphere was awesome like always, as I have been visiting it from last couple of months.I for myself ordered Texas Fries, Pulled pork and tri-tip, which was not just great but also had amazing delicious taste. I am very happy to experience it again and again. The staff, like always was wonderful and quick. They served us in a decent way.Whenever we wanted to have some BBQ I always recommend this place.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/10/2014,610,215,11,14,13>I'm in the process of planning my sister's Bridal Shower and was in need of some bulk candy to use for a Candy Buffet. After searching Yelp, I found CandyPros to be a perfect fit for what I was looking for.I used their website to order my items and was able to schedule a pickup at their humongous  warehouse in National City. When I walked in I was like, "Willy Wonka, who?!"  This place is aisle upon aisle of sweet goodness!  Hershey's brands, Mexican Candy, Fruit Chews, like TI says, "You can have whatever you like..."  They also carry stuff like sunflower seeds and beef jerky, candy buffet supplies, and general merchandise.Susan is a sweetheart and was very helpful.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,6/9/2014,646,294,14,14,12>Crap - I don't even own a bottle opener...!! lolBesides that... upon walking into this establishment my nose felt a tickle of wonderful scents that weren't that of beer.  My brain carried my body to the back of Bottlecraft where lo and behold there is a small kitchen area!  They make foooood.  I was met by a smartly dressed smiling female who sang a greeting ending in something endearing like honey or dear or darling or maybe neither of those.  She and I chatted for a couple of seconds about the aroma and a delightful wilderness man came out from the back declaring he was making the next batch of coconut and mushroom soup with ginger and other things of equal potency to make a kitchen smell flavorful.  Being not so much a fan of mushrooms, I almost walked out of there without this delicious nosh.  Instead, wilderness man offered me a sample.  The first sip of all those tastes and creamy goodness got me - I'm in. Next, it was time to get a pair-worthy beer.  Being that I have tried an abundance of beers throughout the course of several evenings (sometimes in the same evening, let's not kid ourselves) I had NO idea what would go good with spicy coconut and mushroom soup.  So I walked over to the friendly-looking ear-plugged bloke at the cash register, who later identified himself as Sean.  I informed him of the multiple times previously mentioned soup and he escorted me through the store, the gears in his brain visibly working with each step.  After an unrealized amount of time, I started to feel bad because he was trying to find something that would be hoppy enough to pull out the spice from the soup, doesn't taste too much like beer to just feel like drinking a beer while eating, and ... crap... something else I can't remember.  Oh!  And not too overwhelming, both price-wise and flavor.  He ended up sending me out the door with:1 Hennipen Farm House Saison (tried it once, don't remember)1 Allagash Dubbel Ale (tried it once, don't remember)1 Belching Beaver Peanut Butter Stout (chosen by me in the very first place just for the adventure of tasting it)He also told me that place near 30th and ECB that had no name is Belching Beaver and they just put a sign up!All excited and the like to get my imbibe on, I walked home with my bag o'goodies, entered my apartment and ... gah!  I don't have a bottle opener!!I just moved into my new place about a month ago and haven't purchased a bottle opener yet... the can opener I bought doesn't have dual usage like some do!  Wth.So  I did what ever self-respecting person would do and used the edge of a table to whack the top off.  LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG story short - the Allagash for the win, and saving the Beaver for later.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,6/8/2014,975,197,14,23,18>So I made a checklist on why I like this place:-Fresh produce: Check-Pan Dulce: Check-Fresh Salsas: Check-Fresh Guacamole: Check-Fresh Ceviche: Check-Great Meat Selection (including pre-marinated meat): Check-Fresh Tortillas: Check-Full Bakery: Check-Inexpensive? CheckFresh, fresh, fresh. Quality produce at great prices- check em out!
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,6/7/2014,720,560,10,15,10>A new running shoe place in North Park and run by very knowledgeable runners.  Since I am not a runner, we went to this place because it was recommended to my partner and he needed new shoes that would work well with him walking or working out.  He is also not a runner but he was treated with great respect to evaluating on what type of shoe fits him.You see my partner is a very picky person who always values service.  In Milestone, he found that in it's two owners.  They worked with him on the shape, the feel and the comfort of the shoe.I expect we will return again for shoes for both of use in the future.We love patronizing new small business because eventually this is the only place you can undivided attention and some sound advice on the products they sell.Good Luck Guys!
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2013,6/6/2014,599,257,8,10,7>Thought I had written a review of this place already....sigh...getting old (and drunk) does not do well for the memory....that being said here is what I remember....Karaoke a few nights of the week?Generally an older crowd...with some Yuppies (not many or often) and Hipsters (see Yuppies) mixed inCheap drinks...a la Star Bar,...they have the prices on the bottles...and also do some kind of buy 2 get your third for $.25 I think on some nights...again..old....drunk....continue...Close to other places that have recently popped up...but still holding its ground...and if you don't like it then move along......
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2009,10/7/2009,306,190,16,18,16>Aye nako!I was craving some REAL food today - and was in a bit of a predicament.1. The hubby is away at basic training...2. I only know how to cook family sized portions...3. It's too hot for me to even want to cook.but.......4. I was STARVING....so I look up Fredcel - because Lyn was wonderful enough to bring their lumpia to my birthday party and today I figured "Hey, let's give their other food a try~!"HECK YES, is all I can really say.The little lolo behind the counter served up a HEAP of pancit and gave me like a bajillion pieces of chicken adobo - along with a nice little bag full of lumpia...I was stoked beyond belief when he told me it was only 5 and change... so I ran out of the place, ready to devour my meal.I ate two lumpia while driving... and my two little dogs sat next to me - whimpering in their sad little puppy voices... prompting me to be like... NO WAY SUCKAAAAASSSSSSS.Came home and ate about a quarter to half of the pancit and MAN, now I can hardly even breathe, I'm so full! T_T I love that I got a lemon with it, because - seriously - calamansi was the only thing on my mind while driving home.I could only take a bite of the chicken adobo, but it was solid - and there's still so much food that it might even last me through friday... ::sigh:: there's no way any more food could fit in me now.Bottom line.... food that tastes like my lola's without talk of my parents and at a cheap price?? This is my kind of place! :P
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2009,10/6/2009,263,192,11,19,17>A couple of months ago, I got a postcard in the mail from some place called "Sage Grill" advertising their free lobster dinner on your birthday special. Sounds pretty good right? I remembered seeing this place in a little strip mall on my way to Trader Joe's. I questioned the credibility of the restaurant based on the location so I wasn't super sold on this amazing deal.Well, after weeks of emailing friends back and forth trying to set a date for my real celebration, we finally decided on a day a month after my bday. I had to find a way to still make the day of my bday special even with the celebration far in the distance. I decided a free lobster dinner would definitely make my bday special since I can't really afford it on a regular basis (especially at Sage Grill for $50!). I was pleasantly surprised by the interior of the restaurant. It had nice wood flooring and a clean modern feel (compared to the outdated exterior). We were served bread with a plate of hummus, pesto, and an olive tapenade. The dipping sauces were really good and I liked the olive tapenade the best. The lobster I had was delicious! It was cooked just right and had a nice tinge of seasoning. It came with a nice buttery sauce, potatoes and veggies. They also did not skimp out on portion size at all (see pics)!  I could not eat the whole lobster tail by myself and was able to share with my dinner dates. It was supposed to be a $50 dinner, but I got it for free! What an incredible deal! For dessert, I ordered the brownie sundae which was also amazing! It was a nice warm brownie covered with hot fudge and vanilla ice cream. Yummy! All in all, a great birthday meal!The only reason why I gave 4 stars and not 5 is because I'm not sure that I would come here if it weren't for the amazing lobster deal. The other dishes at my table looked good, but not amazing.  The prices are also high. The service was a little slow considering how empty the restaurant was.  Thank you Sage Grill for your generosity and for my amazing birthday dinner!
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2009,10/5/2009,189,160,14,23,21>My grandfather owned a speakeasy in the basement of an old hotel in Salem, MA thus I have a glorious family history of bootlegging and distilling, so I simply had to get over to Prohibition to check it out.  Prohibition was nearly everything a speakeasy should be.  There was a wonderful selection of liquor and the bartender Tim is an expert mixologist.  The man can make a perfectly balanced drink - which is no small feat.  On my liquor flight I enjoyed a St. Germain & soda, Tanqueray & soda with olives, and a Pisco sour to die for.  I ordered for the BF a Grey Goose greyhound, and Rain vodka muddled with cucumber, and I believe he finished with some tequila.  I don't like fussy drinks, and am generally not a fan of anything with juice, sour mix, or simple syrup so I skipped the cocktail list and went my own way, though, next time I'll just have to trust Tim now that I know he understands balance as evidenced by that perfect pisco sour.The saxophonist was insanely good, playing a wide range of songs from an interpreted version of Fever, to current R&B hits transformed.  He played along to his iPod for back up instrumentals.  I'm telling you this guy was on fire.  He wanders around the narrow bar and just strolls up behind you while playing away for your pleasure.The space is small and truly isn't anything fancy.  You don't go to a speakeasy for fancy though - you go to drink.  Best of all, drinks are CHEAP.  That's right, top shelf cocktails expertly mixed for very little money.  You saw what I drank above...guess what the bill was.  ...........................................$43.00 or maybe it was $48.00 - but either way...!!!!!Yes that's right, maybe I was undercharged but I overheard the phrase, "just give me a 20" for a few drinks said to more than one patron.  Plus, there is no cover at Prohibition.  So, you have a prime location, excellent cocktails, live jazz, a cool scene, and it's cheap.  Too good to be true?  Not really, the only downside was that we had to leave sooner than we would have liked because the BF was starving.  They were supposed to be starting a new menu for light apps but it wasn't ready yet, maybe next weekend?? and there was a wait to get a drink.  I know it's a small space but I do think they need a bartender on service bar and one for the main bar patrons.  The private tables were booked to overflowing with birthday groups all decked out in roaring 20's gear.  It was a great sight, but it made for a bit of a cluster at the bar.If these two issues are resolved I will bump this to a 5 star review.  This place is great if you get it...if you were looking for some glammed up rip on a speakeasy concept, this isn't it.  Thanks be to God!
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,10/3/2009,220,117,14,16,15>This place gets a solid 4.5 stars, but I'm tickled so I'll round up.The husband took the scenic route (IE. the loser cruiser) home from work tonight, since our sweet Innie-car is in the shop. In my world, this reeks of an unpredictable timetable, therefore I refuse to cook. The meals I create are nothing less than fine dining and therefore wait for no man. Or bus. Or whatever.So I'm cruising through the Yelp reviews (as has been previously stated, I cannot do anything without Yelp) and discover that Pizza Fusion offers a free CHEESE pizza if you say you saw their ad here. In my world, cheese pizza is the holy grail of Italian Pies - you can't hid any flaws behind greasy pepperoni if there isn't any there.Anyhoo - I perused the menu and decided upon a Caprese, the complimentary cheese, and a Greek. Oh I asked them to add some prosciutto just for kicks. This is where the customer service begins to rock - the guy on the phone not only expressed extreme enthusiasm at my decision to add prosciutto to one of their specials, he also warned me that the Caprese is not of the best value - I guess the organic cheeses are killing them price-wise at the moment. The pizza arrived a scant 35min later: it was hot and delicious. In fact, the husband proclaimed "I think I've found my new favourite pizza!"I will knock off half a star b/c I think the Greek could have been cooked just a smidge longer, but I won't let that keep them from having 5 stars. Order from here - it's good for you *and* good for the planet.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2008,10/2/2009,193,122,13,14,13>Ughn...I feel like a fat pig.  I just got done eating 3 giant slices o' pizza.We ordered the "Queen" sized pizza - 20 inches nothin' less...- with 3 toppings for $18.99.  Delivery time was at least an hour or we could pick it up in 20 minutes.  We opted to pick it up.  The place has about 6 tables inside and an out of order T2 video game.  There appeared to be one chef/cashier and one driver - hence the 1 hour wait.  Along with our pizza order, we got a 1/2 lb of fried shrimp.Everything was decent.  The kids liked the shrimp.  People must like them, they have multiple locations around the county.  Better than Papa Johns and all the other places like it.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2009,10/1/2009,498,262,14,20,15>On my way back downtown from Chito's, I got the hankering for some chow mein. Just my luck as I drove down University, I spotted Great Wall, right next to the Olympic Cafe. There was plenty of parking. I parked and went inside, looking at their various choices on the steam table. I was disappointed with the lack of fried won-tons and soup. Pretty standard Chinese fare but really cheap. For under 5 bucks, I got beef w/ broccoli, chicken w/ zucchini and a huge portion of chow mein. The broccoli was fresh and garlicky, the beef was pretty meh. The chicken and zucchini dish is a definite do not order unless you like dry chicken thigh bits and soggy bloated zucchini chunks. The chow mein was decent after i unleashed a packet of soy sauce and massive squirts of siracha on it. I wasn't completely disappointed, just not totally satisfied, like I could grub again RIGHT NOW! Also the lady assisting me was speaking on her blue tooth the whole time so I was really confused if she was talking to me or into her blue tooth. That kind of thing frustrates me!
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,9/30/2009,620,1444,21,17,17>UPSIDE: I ask for the cute waitress' number and I get it. DOWNSIDE: I call a few days later, leave a voicemail, and she doesn't call back. UPSIDE: Silky, sexy, satiny smooth martinis that were oh so sensory-stimulating. Simply sophisticated yet seemingly spectacular. Somewhat sorrily contrite at the satisfaction of my sharp, sleek martini, I surrendered my sanity to the seriousness of what I call, a damn good drink. DOWNSIDE: 3 martinis after work causes intense hanger pangs. UPSIDE: Blue-cheese stuffed olives in martinis (yes, it's cliche, please don't remind me - I broke down from my usual routine). DOWNSIDE: These martinis didn't require olives or other distractions. Straight-up and to the point; the best way to do a martini.(Note: Review of the bar only)
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,9/29/2009,741,244,27,29,30>Hands down the best Salted Peppered Chicken Wings in San Diego Area. They are so fricken good. It's one of the things to try in SD. I've driven over to National City about 5 times now to pick up an order of Salted Peppered Chicken Wings. I usually buy the 60 piece (medium) tray. Runs me $31.85 with tax. These chicken wings have made me a huge hit at parties...lol Call ahead and place your order. But be warned if Manny Pacquiao is fighting that night the line will be out the door for orders even if you called ahead. I waited over an hour before the Oscar De La Hoya and Manny Pacquiao fight. People were getting all crazy and the staff was stressed out. I ended up changing my order to Salted Peppered Chicken nuggets just to get out of that zoo. They were good but not as good as the wings.  Their hours are 10am to 10pm
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2009,9/28/2009,472,335,17,17,17>Vodka tonics at Porter's Pub yay!Right before (and by right before, I mean three hours early) a college a cappella concert that the girlfriend and I were going to attend, we decided to have some pre-show drinkies! Additionally, three other unnamed Yelpers were there too, one of them brainstorming his future Porter's Pub review aloud to us while enjoying his tightly wrapped fish burrito.Honestly, Porter's really isn't a place where you can feel like you can take an entire load off, especially since it's kind of in an inconvenient location and likely a decent drive away from home.  That is, if you don't live on campus, because then Porter's Pub is in a MONEY spot and you should take two loads off.Also, the Friday lines fluctuate in size but move quickly, and did I mention they have vodka now? Trust me when I say that five vodka-tonics in the span of three hours is the right way to keep your Friday poppin' like you're on a boat with your flippy floppies.But who am I kidding? Porter's is where you go for a decent beer, and they've got that.  Story ovAR.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,9/27/2009,268,411,13,15,16>Whenever I come to the plaza, I never think to go here. And honestly, I don't know why. I just look at it and think, nawww, I'll eat something else.Well I finally decided to eat here today. Apparently this place sells meat and veggies served over rice in bowls. I decided to get the half and half mini bowl, which comes with beef, chicken, and rice (your choice of white or brown, I got white). The mini bowl also includes a drink. It was a so-so price, at $5.75.I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food despite the quickness in which I was served. I liked the chicken better than the beef, but both were delicious. They also offer extra sauces which you can add to your liking.The random thing about this place is the "grand opening" sign hung over the door. Didn't this place open years ago??? lol
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2008,4/8/2008,169,424,8,19,17>My food was soooo good.  I got the shrimp with yellow rice and beans.  Honestly, I can't wait to go back, mmmmm.The staff gets an A+ for putting up with us, and letting us use 4 buy one, get one free coupons. It wasn't crowded at all, and although the parking is limited, we had no problem finding a spot right outside.  If you have a big, loud, obnoxious group, go on a weeknight, when it's empty so you don't scare the kiddies.Oh and they have this really yummy Cuban, or maybe Mexican soft drink...it tastes like liquid sweet tarts!
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2008,4/7/2008,7,4,18,4,6>There's a foosball table here!  And people screaming in tongues.  I put my head down and I wasn't sure whether to pray or laugh or cry.  So I started screaming.  Ave Maria!  Blessed Mary of Christ.  Mis dios Mis dios!  Adios! Adios!Then we all stood up!  I didn't know what to do!  So I put my left foot in, I took my left foot out, I put my left foot in and I shook it all about.  I did the hokey pokey and I turned myself around... and I guess that was what it was all about.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,4/6/2008,14,42,3,23,9>I think I am the first person to write a review for Cinema Under the Stars, which is amazing considering how cool this place is.  Here's the scenario...you want to go see a movie, but you're tired of the overblown, overhyped, and overpriced horseshit blockbusters that Hollywood continues to spew out faster than every car chase scene in the new Bourne Identity movie. And, you're tired of sitting in a theater where ten year olds are text messaging their friends and the couple behind you can't seem to shut up for one minute. I have the solution for you movie fanatics--Cinema Under the Stars.Located in Mission Hills, Cinema Under the Stars gives audience members a unique experience that the homogenized multiplexes can no longer deliver. Every weekend, from June until October, you can chill out on a zero gravity chair in an intimate outdoor theater and watch classics films like "Rear Window" and "Sunset Boulevard" or contemporary flicks like "The Wedding Crashers" and "The Princess Bride." Personally, I like to go for the older movies since seeing them on the big screen takes you back to a different time. The prices are a little bit more than your average AMC visit at $12.50 a pop, but they do provide comfy blankets, they usually show a Looney Tunes cartoon, and there are other quirky touches like bubbles being blown out from the stage and the ceremonial gong. Here's some quick advice though--the gravity chairs go fast. They have tables and chairs, but they aren't as comfortable. So show up on Thursday at 6 when the box office opens (you can only buy tickets there but you can purchase them for the entire weekend). Cinema Under the Stars is a great diversion from the crowded multiplexes--I gurantee that you'll feel better about yourself in the morning.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,4/5/2008,153,40,18,14,13>Tajima + Aaron + Spicy Ramen + BIG ASS Sapporo = Gluttonous Bliss! Their thick noodle, spicy ramen with pork sausage in Tajima broth is dangerous enough to put me in a food coma...especially after three bowls of the stuff! Seriously folks, it's that good. And, the wait - which this place is known for - really isn't that bad, cuz servers here definitely know how to "turn tables." Service is snappy, drinks are prompt, food comes fast and diners are in & out with a quickness.Tajima is a true diamond in the rough...the Convoy rough, y'all. And, I'm not one that thinks an Asian restaurant must be great if it's primarily filled with Asian patrons (a la Sushi Ota) - what, like Asians can't have bad taste - but I am usually one of only 4.5 crackas in the joint every time I go! Oh, and if you don't fill up on Ramen, karaage and geso ten, run yo fat ass across the street and grab a tart treat at Yogurt World (be ready to wait in line again...and don't even think about cuttin' cuz they're crazy for their fro-yo here, they'll stab you in the neck with a plastic spoon, pho reals!)
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,4/4/2008,315,207,10,14,12>Comic-Con International is the single most greatest annual event in San Diego.  i look forward to the con more than i do my own birthday.  it's a 4 day event (thurs-sun) and is one of the biggest conventions of its kind; people from all over the world are in attendance.  in its beginning, the con was mostly about comic books (mainstream and independent/alternative).  throughout the years it has evolved into other media including fantasy, horror, sci-fi, B movies, anime, video games, pop-culture, Asian cinema (Hong Kong, Japanese, Korean, etc), and mainstream hollywood.  most of the major companies within these genres are present and have booths (some with extravagant displays) so that people can see what's new, find out about a series, or to buy something they carry. they've got booths and panel discussions with artists, directors, producers, movie stars, entire tv casts, and even inkers...tracers...your mom's a tracer!? their are also movie screenings for anime (one of my favorites) and other films.  you're also in luck if you're breaking into the scene because there are workshops and places for aspiring artists/talent to turn in their portfolios.  some sections are devoted entirely for people to play trading card games, while others parts let people play new and upcoming video games not yet released.  one of my favorites is upstairs where all the has been and B movie actors are in their booths giving out autographs (i've seen boomer from the original battlestar galactica there for years).  oh and they have a costume contest, but the best part is that you don't have to enter it.  you can walk around in a costume just to.  some of the contestants are pro's and prepare to go there with you're A game for your costume and mini-skit.here's a list of things you can buy at the con: comics (mainstream, manga, adult, and independent), books, art books, graphic novels, toys/models, collectibles, games, posters, prints, video games, clothing, cosplay gear, trading cards, movies (bootleg), music (bootleg), autographed pictures, key chains, software?, etc...here's a list of the bad: parking, waiting in lines, it's crowded (last year was the first year they couldn't let people in), it's hot, body order, expensive food, and  rudeness (of attendees and some vendors).here's a list to prepare: pre-register, get there early, wear some comfortable shoes (you'll be walking for hours), bring water (i've seen people pass out), bring food,  an extra shirt, use deodorant, and don't let the rude people get to you (for some, this is all they have).  if you're in a big group: use a 2-way radio, and have a meeting place at a certain time.WOW...my oldest Comic-Con badge i found was from 92 and i know i've been there before that.  i remember i took a girl on a first date there once, and she thought i was the biggest nerd...to make things worse, i almost lost her a few times because i was so enamored with everything going on.  it's like being 12 all over again...oh and if you've got kids or little ones around, bring them too...just don't lose them.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2007,4/3/2008,112,144,11,6,6>Aye Papi!  Me gusta mucho!Muy Fresca!Everything is fresh fresh fresh like they have their own damn garden in the back.  Well, they have a produce market tambien.  My friends live next door to this place and I went here my first week in San Diego.  I was in for a real treat!!!  After a little smoking session we made our way over to this smoothie joint were spanish is spoken and the tortas are bomb - diggity-bom.BOMB A LOMBA ROMAthat is lingo for fucking bomb!Well, I had to have the mango!  Right?  It was damn good.Yeah DeeDee S.  I totally agree...JAMBA WHO?  **this place is about half the price
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2008,4/2/2008,220,117,19,18,13>My daily world is hemmed in (heh - hemmed. In a seamstress review. I crack myself up.) by the limits of my footmobile, so imagine my delight when I discovered a fairly highly yelp-rated alterations shop within walking distance. *So off I trucked down Adams Ave, wedding dress in hand (now there's a mental image for you), to get the sides taken in. The work was completed quickly and professionally and well - it fits me like a glove, now - and she left the extra fabric sewn into the lining so that I can let the dress out "once I have a baby": her words, not mine.  I nearly choked on my gum at this point, but she looked as though she could Heimlich with the best of them and she probably wouldn't even charge extra.* As an aside, I'm not sure that my current dependence on Yelp is such a good thing. Seriously - I can't do anything without confirming that it is yelp approved. Does this speak to a deeper rooted insecurity? Is there some kind of support group? Do I need an intervention?
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2008,4/1/2008,112,64,31,17,23>She was worth a stare. That's where my troubles began. I always say, "if you're going to notice a dame, it's best the gal you're with is looking the other way." Unfortunately, I rarely remember how wise I am.Cafe Noir is out of place like Dick Cheney at Burning Man. It's an 1887 Victorian, full of stories. The surrounding buildings just have stories of the height variety. Noir serves a cup of joe that'll rattle the sleep out of you or, if it's more your speed, you can put down a beer to take the edge off. I had the sort of edge that only comes from a broad's disapproval, so I went with the hooch.The day prior I thought everything was roses. The next I was on a coffee date and learning the error of my assumptions. It seems my gal had noticed me taking a gander at a particular kitten who had crossed my path, she was a blond...but that still amounted to bad luck. I thought I had enough sense to keep my yap shut while I got the third degree, but eventually my girl conned me into playing the sucker.She got me singing with a few choice words that I felt misrepresented the situation. In my rebuttal I mentioned that Cafe Noir has a collection of private investigator memorabilia out behind the joint and perhaps she could borrow some items for use in her new career as a private dick. That's when she told me to close my head unless I was looking for some chin music. You can see why I was dizzy for the dame...such language. This was when the muscle moved in."This guy bothering you, miss?" said the rube at the top of the stairs. We had found a comfy spot on the second floor to be uncomfortable in. Sometimes I read upstairs, soaking in the ambiance but right then the only thing I was taking in was an earful."Listen pal", I said diplomatically, "why don't you go back downstairs...I hear your mommy calling." Apparently, the man didn't like his mother cause he came at me pretty quick. Details are boring. Suffice to say, it all ended with a black eye, a cracked rib, and a field trip courtesy of Johnny Law. As for the rube, we're pals now. What can I say, it's a guy thing.In the end, I had to let the dame go, mainly on account of her making herself scarce. She was a dish, but I miss the gams more than the gab if you catch my drift.Yeah, Cafe Noir has stories to spare. Some of them are true. Mainly, Noir has personality of the magnetic type. If you go there, you can expect to drink some of it in.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2008,3/31/2008,166,31,6,14,14>Yeah I know a truck but ......5 stars based on food alone!Just need to put this place on the Map. Best Mariscos (seafood) Tacos in town. 805 off 43rd st. Couple blocks down from Northgate Market. In the Diamond Dot Market Parking Lot. Some Quick Notes..........*Tacos are Messy :P (They don't Double Wrap)*Cash Only $$$$$*Fish Tacos are only $1.25 but I suggest you expand and try more (see pics if your curious about taco types)  *No prices are posted on the truck but I snagged a menu and posted it in the photos section*Take an early lunch this place gets packed at 1200*Orders take awhile because they are prepared fresh to order*No place to sit at this one, and no tarp. (Almost knocked a star off this location for that, but the food is so damn good I don't mind).*Although its illegal to drink on the lot theirs a liquor store *cough* next door. Ever try a real fish taco and a cold one???See my full review of the restaurant here yelp.com/biz/mariscos-ge….
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2008,3/30/2008,366,405,6,5,5>Went to the soft grand opening tonight of this new East Village sports bar and what can I say? It is as they describe it, a "warm and inviting Celtic Sports Pub atmosphere with 30 big screen plasma TV's; 3 twelve foot, high definition screens; 24 international beers on tap; games such as darts, shuffleboard and pool; a separate meeting room for groups up to 30; great `Pub Grub' food and friendly, attentive Tilted Kilt girls dressed in kilts, of course." The food is traditional pub grub and is tasty. It won't win awards, Tony Bourdain won't be highlighting it, but it mixes well with everything from Guinness to Tullamore Dew. Essentially, most people will make the obvious remark that this is Hooters with girls dressed in kilts/Catholic school girl attire. IMHO, this is a bit better. The girls are attractive, fun and friendly. There is no chip on their shoulder and no over dramatization in order to secure a better tip.A note to the ladies... on a busy weekend night, when the Kilt is at full staff, you need to realize that regardless of how hot you are, you are instantly the 51st hottest girl here. The female staff is gorgeous. I highly suggest this as a first date spot, in order to get your new fancies ideals and expectations set. I don't really suggest this, but it will happen.This place is a about 10 times bigger then I expected. There are pool tables, darts, plenty of seating and a good sized bar. I personally enjoyed the decor on a map of Ireland printed on cork and placed on the ceiling. I really hope this place can stick it out in the tough San Diego economy, but with baseball season right around the corner, they will flourish. NOTE: They officially open on St. Padraig's Day, March 17th, definitely a new East Village spot to check out. My biggest complaint here is the parking. It took more than a few passes to get a spot. If you can overcome this, then the Tilted Kilt will suit all your corporate Irish fancies. P.S. Sarah, thanks for the awesome service, I apologize for making you take pictures with us, which I will soon post here. =)
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2006,12/12/2006,154,461,3,6,4>George's is a pillar of La Jolla.  It is an establishment of its own; that's why you'll see a lot of ladies looking to be "sponsored" and gentlemen looking to "sponsor" congregate at this meeting place, particularly at the bar.  The clientele is mostly middle-aged and well off, or looking to appear so.  Their menu is expectedly satisfactory, but George's lacks, in my opinion, a certain class and falls short on the culinary end.  Despite all this, it is a safe spot to take your visiting relatives to for lunch.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2006,12/11/2006,45,35,29,5,5>Great wine, although the bread was a little stale.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2006,12/10/2006,305,817,3,2,>I wondered whether I really belonged here.  After all, I hadn't leveraged any buyouts or rigged any energy markets before setting foot in the place.  The atmosphere (leather-bound wine lists, lots of fuss over the service) was a turn-off for me.  On the other hand, everything that I ordered was perfect.  For the record, I had the Sunday prime rib special with a caesar salad, a baked potato and a couple of local draft beers.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2006,12/9/2006,12,28,2,2,1>we camped out all night to receive 52 coupons for the entire years worth of free chicken sandwich combo meals. chick-fil-a is good.  yum.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,12/8/2006,177,343,4,4,3>WOW!! So this is where they hide all the hot girls in San Diego! After crusing the gaslamp for a lap or so my wingman and I decide on Whiskey Girl as a target rich environment. At night all the flat panel TVs play music videos for whatever song is playing. Kinda surreal in a very LA club kind of way. The female bartenders all wore tight Whiskey Girl tees and even tighter jeans. The patrons were a mix of hipster to casual. It felt less plastic than most of the SoCal joints I've been to. Now here's the best part... Ran into Lindsey having her birthday with 3 of her girlfriends here! 4 girls, out solo, for a birthday! I felt like it was MY birthday! Brian and I split off two from the pack, Lindsey and Kelly and proceeded to do every shot imaginable including the high-level of difficulty shared tequila shot. Made for a memorable night, and a painful morning, but well worth it! Thanks Lindsey ;)
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2006,12/7/2006,1095,3855,,3,2>For a fast food type of establishment, Greek Island Cafe actually dishes out some pretty decent grub. We stopped by for a snack before heading out and since my out of town guests had never experienced Greek food before, we thought we'd introduce them to it.The hummus was nice and creamy with the right amount of olive oil. I hate it when it is clumpy and dry. We also got the platter with some shish kebob and the gyros and although the gyros was slightly dry, the flavor was good.Served with pita bread and tzatziki, olives and salad. We also got baklava for them to taste and proclaimed it tasted great.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2006,12/6/2006,2522,2645,3,6,4>driving deep south..to the edge of san diego in search of a good socal burrito and fish taco......my 'venture brings me to victoria's.....and the 5 police officers that pulled in here.....so i figured the cops would know the best dive eats....$2.50 fish taco...oh senorita~!...$2.50 for 1 taco pescado seems a bit steep~!....mmmmmmm....what a surprise...this was the best fish taco eating experience ever......3 large pieces of battered and fried fish....2 soft moist taco wraps....lettuce....guacamole.....tangy sour cream.....bestest best biggest fish taco i have tried...$3.60 carne asada...mm...talk about a cheap burrito....it's not the typical over stuffed meat burritos you get at more 'erto's joints....pan grilled tortilla...slab of guacamole.....carne asada....and scoop of salsa....simple...great....socal burrito..no lettuce...no cheese...no rice..no beans....just meat and salsa....just how a burrito is suppose to be....great~!......for the right price and size...
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2006,12/5/2006,25,470,1,3,3>It's a little place in a strip mall, but it is wonderful junk food. You can, and I did, easily make meals out of just getting the pan fried pot stickers and dumplings. I was there with several friends and the pot stickers would disappear immediately after they hit the table. The dumplings took a bit longer, but only because they were so hot that you had to slow down a moment. To note, when eating the dumplings, try not to let the juice inside spill out, a lot of the flavor is in there and it's worth letting it's hotness burn your mouth a little.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2006,12/4/2006,33,201,1,4,2>P L Bagels is a great little Ma & Pa bagel store that offers food as good as any of the chic chain places for literally half the price. Which is awesome, because how much does it really cost to make a friggin bagel? Really? If you're like me and are sick of spending more on breakfast than on lunch or dinner than you should check this place out. Damn the man.AV
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2006,12/3/2006,164,311,17,4,9>As a weird side project, I want to spend 24 hours straight at Lestat's. I'm sure tons of meth freaks and wannabe homeless punk teens have done it already, but I'm going to do it again.I'm going to hang out as hard as possible; that means I'm going to just sit around taking up various pieces of the antique furniture and drinking nothing but cups of house coffee coupled with the occasional cigarette break on the patio.I'm going to hit on every one of the lovely punk kids that work there (girl or guy, it doesn't matter) and I'm going to try to talk Sartre and Nietzsche with some of the other punk kids that chill there.I'm also going to bring my laptop and pretend I'm taking over the world when I'm really just checking my Myspace page over and over and over and over again.Oh, and I'm going to order one bowl of vegan chile, 'cause Lestat's really knows how to throw down the vegan chile.Then I'm going to clean myself and sleep.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2007,10/9/2007,80,39,16,14,19>I have a crush. On Influx. I just like to flirt with it. It's not on my normal route or super convenient coming from OB, but it's still worth the drive every now and then. I'll stop in for a coffee or a yummy sandwich and end up lingering longer than planned. I've introduced friends and they always end up with a little crush, too. Influx is kind of like that hot, quiet guy in high school who is a bit mysterious and probably has no idea he's hot. He's not pretentious and he's not trying to get attention. He's just got that sexy, quiet confidence.Or maybe it's the quality ingredients and the smart business they do. I do love an guy with a eco-conscience and the smarts for local biz. Maybe it's the free wifi. Who doesn't like genuine generosity? Maybe it's the fresh baked treats. It's obvious that I do have a sweet tooth.... Or maybe I am just completely superficial and like the design. Hey, if you've got it, flaunt it.... in an understated contemporary way, of course.I don't know, Influx. You've got something I like. So keep whipping up those fresh preserves and brewing some coffee to seduce me into work mode. Just do whatever it is you're doing, cuz it's working, baby.P.S. I'm knocking off a star because the service isn't always that friendly. Not bad, just not great. Maybe you're playing hard to get. Oh Influx, you sexy little bastard!
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/25/2007,10/8/2007,179,116,2,10,11>Years ago, City Beat was SLAMM, a local free music rag, and a damn good one at that. It's still the best print resource in town for local music stories and comprehensive listings. The music reviews are hilarious and/or spot on, and while Troy Johnson rubs me as an arrogant music snob, I still give him props fr all of the work he does.The political writing is slanted uncomfortably to the left, with somewhat irresponsible journalism that reeks of "agenda." I'm also not too keen on their "Homeless Person of the Week" addition, an uneasy attempt to show the "dark side" of San Diego, but only provides unecessary details to something most people already know about. However, I have read some very good stories too on subjects untouched by the area's more mainstream publications. Their arts and culture coverage is pretty diverse, and the food writer, while not terribly fascinating or entertaining, gives a good overview of her grub.CB gets 3 stars or 3.5 stars, depending on the week.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,10/7/2007,14,27,18,11,9>Dear Casbah,I don't want to seem ungrateful, but we need to talk.  An intimate space in which to see quality bands is always welcome, as are strong affordable drinks and a spacious smoking area with abundant seating.  You have two fatal flaws, though, Casbah, both having to do with fans.  There's the fans that come to your shows; many of whom are freakishly tall, loud, and "hygienically challenged", none of which contribute positively to a concert-going experience.  And then there's the other kind of fans; the appliance type, which you sorely lack.  In a small space packed with big, smelly fans of the first type, all generating 98+ degrees in very close proximity, a few big working fans of the second type are very much in order.I know you can't force your patrons to bathe regularly, stop them from babbling loudly over quiet songs, or put a height limit in place so people under 6'2" can see the stage, but I don't think it's too much to ask to get a little ventilation going.  I'm sure the bands would appreciate it too, as the National looked about ready to collapse from heat stroke during last night's show.Sincerely,Eric.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,10/6/2007,54,95,10,11,10>SUGGESTIONS  FOR DINNING AT CRAB HUT:1.) Don't bother coming here if you or your dining companion have a "thing" about eating with your hands.  IT'S MESSY.  You won't use a fork or any other utensil at this place except maybe a shell cracker.  Also, don't bother coming here if ripping the heads and appendages off of crustaceans makes you squeamish.2.) Wear what your mom referred to as your "play clothes"-if you come dressed in your best duds, be prepared to drop them off at the dry cleaners on your way home.  Yes, they layer your table in butcher paper and put a bib around your neck but it does little to protect you from the squirting cajun butter and flying pieces of shellfish.  3.) Wash your hands BEFORE you eat.  Again, it's all hands-on and sticking dirty hands in bags of freshly cooked shellfish swimming in deliciously seasoned juices is pretty gross for the other people at your table and it's just plain rude. 4.) Try a variety of things and be open to new flavors.  Crawfish is not the only sea bug offered here.  Shrimp, Dungeonus Crab, King Crab legs, Soft Shell Crab, Oysters and fried Catfish are all on the menu too. Try more than one seasoning too-you can pick your level of spice and mix and match-all have excellent flavor.5.) Enjoy this unique dining experience and laugh a little!  Undoubtedly, at some point, someone in your group will pick up one of the shellfish carcases and make it dance to the music overhead or speak to you in their best shellfish voice while poking you with a claw.  I have never made more of a mess at a restaurant than while eating at the CH but it is so much fun!  Your hands and nails will smell of cajun spices and garlic no matter how many times you wash them, your hair will inevitably collect flying pieces of shell and your clothes may end up splattered but it's all part of the experience!*Just a note: they will soon serve BEER-the perfect accompaniment to this sloppy but delicious style of dining!  I was told by the waitress that they have been approved, they are just waiting on their license.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/24/2007,10/5/2007,488,367,4,3,6>Is it just me or are all pho restaurants in SD huge? So far, I've been to two and this one's huge AND packed.  When have I ever waited longer than 10 minutes at a pho restaurant? HERE!Once you're seated though your food comes out lightening fast.  Anything you ask for after your food comes out fast too; eventually you almost expect it to get teleported to your table.  In terms of fast service they are really on top of things...Their menu is comprised of standard pho restaurant food but minus one star for not having Vietnamese sandwiches! What kind of Vietnamese restaurant doesn't have sandwiches? =(   The pho wasn't anything out of the ordinary and the lemongrass pork chop was tasty enough but the meat was dry (minus another star).  Pork chop rice is a staple in Vietnamese restaurants and they should know how to make it right!!  The search for the ultimate pho in SD continues....
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2007,10/4/2007,97,117,,15,15>Ever wonder what they do with the leftover bread?After closing time I saw a guy hauling 6 giant bags stuffed with bread to his car. I was curious, so I asked.  Well turns out, Bread & Cie  donates their leftovers to feed families in Mexico.  Major points for philanthropy.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2007,10/3/2007,39,268,4,8,7>vietnamese, chinese, thai and vegetarian. usually when a restaurant offers a variety of cuisines i'm a bit wary.le's is not a classy joint by any stretch of the imagination. there are clouds painted on the ceiling tiles. but it's GOOD.the menu is really expansive. i got the vegetarian chicken with basil sauce. the sauce was tasty and there was a ton of veggies. my boyfriend got something from the thai section of the menu. it had mint, chilis, basil and ginger. it was good, but mine was better so i didn't pick off his plate too much.they have smoothies and slushes. i got a sour plum slush and it was good, but i was lazy about drinking it and it got all melty.for adventurous eaters there's venison, goat and frog on the menu.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,10/2/2007,13792,257,7,17,22>East county people have been standing in line for 30 years at this El Cajon leaning tower landmark.  I was there when it opened in 1977, one of a kind, uniquely our own here in San Diego.  We love it.  Sometimes as many as 50 people are standing in line for over a half hour.  The wait is always worth it.  It's exactly the same now as it was then except the teens waiting on you today are the kids of the teenage staff working in 1977.   It's kind of a hole in the wall that people like to come to.  And they do come.  The Mill makes over 1,200 gallons of yogurt a week.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,9/29/2007,30,105,8,13,21>I've been in this bookstore a gazillion times, but have never had a yelp-worthy experience until a few days ago.We're currently house-sitting for my parents in La Mesa.  We haven't always had great experiences being gay and out in La Mesa...it's not like we walk around doing it or anything, but we do hold hands most anywhere and call each other "honey".  Which has gotten us some LOOKS, especially at places like Oktoberfest.  But that's beside the point...We had dinner the other night at Rubio's in the mall, and then our son wanted to go to the bookstore.  He knows darn good and well that neither of his mommies will EVER say no to going to the bookstore, so in we went.  He got settled with books at the table in the kids section, and I went in search of my current quest - a book about having a new baby in the house that's not completely mommy-and-daddy based.  No luck at B&N that night, but I spotted a clerk (sort of a middle aged, librarian-type, but that's not really important to the story) in the same section and figured I'd ask her.  Here's about how it went:Me: Excuse me.Clerk with large armful of books: Can I help you?Me: Just a question if you have a minute (eyeing large armful of books)CWLAOB: Sure.Me: Do you have any books about new babies that feature alternative families?CWLAOB: Hmmm...I'm not sure...let's go look.We walk over to the right section and she balances the LAOB on a shelf, begins pulling things out, looking at them, discussing.  No luck.Clerk (now without LAOB): We do have one good book with alternative families, but it's not about new babies - Heather Has Two Mommies.Me: That's a good one, but not quite what I need.Clerk: I don't think we have anything like what you're looking for...again, not the same, but have you read And Tango Makes Three?Me: I love that book!Clerk: Me too...I read it at storytime just the other day.Me: Really?  And...nobody...fussed about it?  (It's a true story about two male penguins "adopting" a baby penguin and it's been banned in some school libraries)Clerk: Nope.  I just presented it like it was no big deal and that's how the children took it.  And if people have a problem - well, it's their problem, isn't it?  There are all kinds of families in this world.At which point the ceiling cracked open, the ray of golden light spilled in, and the Hallelujah Chorus started up.OK, not really.  But it was so nice to find this attitude in a (somewhat) unexpected place that I just had to yelp about it.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,9/28/2007,680,164,21,16,19>Well, I finally did it.  After putting it off for months, I finally had my tonsils out yesterday.  Yep, I sacked up, flew my mom out from Florida and trekked my chicken shit ass to the Sharp Memorial Outpatient Pavilion.Granted, I was passed out with General Anesthesia for most of my experience here... but I can rave about what I do in fact remember....it was almost a dream!I was told to arrive at 6am for a 7:20am surgery.  I was the first one admitted.  The woman who did all my paperwork was SUPER friendly. Knowing I was nervous, she began chatting me up about her sister and  basically anything to get my mind off the fact I was about to go under the knife. Almost immediately, once my paperwork was done I was brought back to the exam room for pre-op.  A nurse by the name of Dina was super sweet as she ran my IV and took blood for my labs.  She actually had her tonsils taken out by my Dr. a few months ago, so she gave me some insight into what I should really expect, and some tips on how to get through the pain once it was over.  She was AWESOME!  I barely felt the needle go in, and when I felt a little woozy - YES, I am THAT girl - she was very attentive to make sure I was okay.Every few minutes or so, a nurse would pop in to update me... and then as if the heaven's parted with the room's curtain.... my anesthesiologist walked in.  HALLELUJAH!  First things first.... forget McDreamy, McSteamy and all the rest... MY Dr. was HOT!  As soon as he walked through the door, all of my anxiety about my surgery went out the window and the Eurhythmics "Sweet Dreams Are Made Of This" ironically began playing in my head....   Talk about a bed side manner! ;-)How could I forget!  Let me paint the mental picture of me at this point.  I'm not super vain, but when I am in the company of an extremely good looking man... I like to at least try and look my best. Only in this case, I had no make-up on, my hair was in a hair-net hat that looked more like a shower cap, and I was wearing nothing but my "chonies" under a hospital gown....and who could forget the super comfy grannie socks with the tread on the bottom to keep my feet warm!  Miss America had Nuthin' on me! Even in the FREEZING hospital... my room got super hot!  Pardon the pun because it's true... but my Anesthesiologist - KNOCKED ME OUT!  Figuratively speaking of course at that moment... but it wasn't long after that... that it was literally too.I tried really hard to concentrate at that point, but I am not sure I heard everything he was saying over the angels singing... haha - okay, enough with the melodrama, you get the point.  Doc, explained he'd be giving me two rounds of anesthesia and during the second, they'd put a breathing tube down my throat- YIKES.  Shortly thereafter, they wheeled me into the operating room... All of a sudden, my anxiety came back again... but one more look at the Doc - and I was off in dreamland.  They put me up on the operating table, gave me the first part of the anesthesia and I remember one comment to the nurse about how cold it was... and I was TKO'd.  Roughly two hours later I awoke in the recovery room with a super sweet and attentive nurse (I think her name was Mary) doting on me to make sure I was okay. She called my mom in, got me some applesauce and water and helped me wake up....giving me more pain medication the whole time.  She had to make sure I was comfortable, right?I have a vague recollection of seeing Dr. Hot pass through the recovery room and I am pretty sure he said I did great and passed with flying colors... He may just have still been in my drug induced dream state that HE put me in!  I guess I should mention here that I finally did actually see the surgeon who did my operation about this point... I was knocked out in the operating room by the time he got there... so when I stopped by the recovery room, it was nice to know he actually did show up - even though I had the pain to prove it.About 30 minutes later, and about 10:30am I was allowed to get dressed and go home.  The nurse gave my mom my after-care instructions and a business card!  Dr. Hot's business card! He must want me to Yelp him!Still in shock and awe, the nurse gently wheeled me down the hall, into the elevator and out to the car...where my chariot awaited.  And that's about where the dream ends....Now, I am back to reality.  Painfully drinking a lot of ice water, eating enough applesauce to warrant having my own orchard and trying to slurp down some chicken noodle soup on occasion.  My throat is swollen, bleeding and painful.  It hurts to swallow, I can't talk and sleeping has become a nightmare.  In the end though, I know this whole process will be worth it... and if I'm lucky, maybe I'll get to see Dr. Hot again one day... ;-)
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2008,7/18/2008,639,492,20,16,19>Went twice this year which is one time too many usually.  The first time went with free tickets and never made it past the beer gardens.  Thank goodness that there were shuttle buses running to right near my house every 15 minutes or I would have had to go through the proven fun experience of trying to get a cab to show up at the fair.  The thing I usually like most about the fair is the exhibits but this time alcohol became our priority although we could have gotten off cheaper had we spent the day at any local bar for half the price.  But the fair is an experience unlike any other.  I avoid the food but husband who eats everything will usually partake in the greasy grossness that consists of fair food.  This time he had oil flavored fries and bbq pork sandwich that was surprising good for fair food.  The second time we went was to see the band Boston.  WOW!!  WOW!!  I know the lead singer is dead and all but the guy they found at Home Depot (seriously) was a dead ringer.   I always like attending concerts at the fair.  We usually sit in the section with tables and cocktail/food service so our view of the band is awesome.  Our server this time was a little frazzled but at the end of the evening she hit her stride.  She also was from New Jersey and had that East Coast accent and attitude.  I felt like we were being served by Janice Soprano.  She was a kick.  Also the garlic fries were delicious but it's 2 days later and I still reek of it.So the fair is really what you make of it.  We didn't go to the exhibits or ride the rides this year but I don't feel like I missed out on anything.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2008,7/17/2008,268,411,12,17,15>I'm really crazy about Jollibee in the Philippines. It's SO good and it's unfortunate that the Jollibee's in the states, including this one, can't compare.I've eaten here around 5 times? And I still don't think I can give the best review. I got a hot dog the first time I came here (weird I know, haha) and it was OKAY, but I wasn't crazy about the mystery yellow sauce they topped it with. The next time, I tried their spaghetti, which is ALWAYS a good treat, just cuz it reminds me of the Philippines :) I recently tried their breakfast (tocino, egg, garlic rice), which also came with a full on hot dog and two slices of bacon, which was KIND of weird, but whatever. The tocino was decent and the egg was scrambled. I usually like scrambled eggs, but when topped over rice, I like it sunny side up so I can mix the yolk with the rice (don't most filipino places do this?).I find that the service here is different each time; sometimes they are quick, sometimes they are slow (and this doesn't depend on the amount of people waiting, I think it moreso depends on if the food is already ready and waiting... ). Most of the time, they are friendly, which is  a plus.If I ever have a craving for Filipino fast food, I won't really have a choice but to come here to get some spaghetti joy or chicken joy. This place is decent, but nothing compared to the Philippines so I can't give it higher than a 3 star rating. I'm a picky filipino, what can I say? :)
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2008,7/16/2008,158,62,20,16,16>The sad part about my life is that I whore myself out for beer.  Yes, I said it, I gladly flip a dime (i.e. myself) for a tasty beverage of barley and hops; and today is no different story.This morning started with putting the finishing touches on a handmade birthday card my girlfriend and I had brought to life.  The card was for Nick, whose gay alter-ego is BLAAAAZE, was to be picked up from the COASTER station at noonish.  Shortly after bidding farewell to my fair lady as I sent her on voyage to Peru, BLAAAAZE was seated shotgun next to me and we were cruisin' on back to the pad.  Somewhere in between our conversation about unicorns and ambrosia fields came the topic of lunch."Hey Blaaaaze, are you hungry?" Cinnamon (read me) asked."Gee golly, I sure am?" Blaaaaze said empatically."Did you have anything in mind, it's your birthday, my treat?" "Well since it is my birthday, I was really hoping for a beer and some tasty sausage." Blaaaaze lisped."Oh I have heard of such a place that is marvelous and silly all at the same time. I love sausage. YaY." Cinnamon  shrieked.We sped along in my car powered by jelly beans and our unicorn powers. Shortly thereafter we were seated bar right with a tasty red, a dark stout, and two moroccan lamb sausages made complete by their sides of house made potato salad.  Ian (the owner/publican) gave us a thorough history of the San Diego Toronado in the making.  After working up in San Francisco with the mothership, Ian recieved the Pope's blessing to head for warmer waters and open up shop here in lil' ole' North Park.  With greater than 49 brews on draft and countless bottles to be drink, drank, drunked Ian has a good grip on the pulse of all things beer.  From informing us about the many IPA's at hand to giving us the insider scoop on secret beer/brew/bro society information Mr. Ian has not only the know-how but also the down-home honest-to-goodness legitmacy it takes to be a successful beer-slinging-toting-drinking-good-guy-to-know.  As a self-proclaimed beer aficionado I have found yet another new home to haunt that happens to be only 3 or so blocks from mi casa.  Also another huge plus about this place is that a solid percentage of the beer poured here you may not even had heard of, and this is the first time I've been to an establishment where I can say this. So in the end Cinnamon and Blaaaaze merrily drank their beer, ate their sausages, and lived a life that only good little dutch boys could dream of.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2008,7/15/2008,115,139,7,10,10>-- Went there with 3 others. We decided on this place because of the crazy name "Manila Tokyo".... never knew anyone that went and ate there nor did I know what they served. Was it fusion? Was it filipino and japanese food? I remember driving past it the other weekend and it was packed! It was the HOT SPOT!. So jsut had to go there and check out what is going on!-- So we walk in, I was hesitant but curious at the same time to eat here. I had no Idea what to expect at all! Guess the hesitant part of me was the cautious side, and the curious side of me was the sometimes ignorant side / sometimes smart side of me. Just didnt know if it was ignorant or smart to go to this place. . . . Honestly, just didnt know what to expect, neither did the rest of my party. Nothing against the restaurant, but just never heard of a place called "Manila Tokyo"..... -- As we walk in , we see a filipino uncle singing karaoke on stage and we were welcomed by a lady and asked us if we were here for the comedy show or just to eat.The uncle reminded me of many filipino family parties i have been to of my relatives, however, the only difference is that I am never around to hear them sing!! hahaha ... hell, we decide to go all out and stay for the show to see what all the fuss was all about!!! Why not! The Food: It was all-u-can-eat buffet of filipino food (only). Good variety and it was decent. Not the best but not nearly the worst either. The service: It was kinda difficult getting a waitress to get us some San Miguels (why not San Miguel!, gotta stay in the same theme of things!) Great beer. BONUS: -- The entertainment (Comedy / Variety Show). -- Guess we caught the restaurant on a "special" weekend because they had special performers for this act from San Francisco! So it turns out this "comedy Show" was a mix of singing performances by the 2 performers (drag queens.... no joke) , bunch of jokes and whatnot, karaoke by restaurant guests, and more jokes. The performance was spoken 60% in Tagalog and 40% in English. But two ppl in our party translated for us "foreigners". When the drag queens sung, they had very good voices. even one of them had a singing voice of a woman.... couldn't beleive that voice came out of him. haha.:-) -- The Variety show was GREAT!!! Loved it! It was better than expected and worth the money! ($15 for buffet and show)WARNING: Do not bring your kids if they will have this same show going on because the jokes are kinda inappropriate. If just for food, then it's fine to bring whole fam for filipino foodSUMMARY: -- Great entertainment. I'm still laughing 24 hours later about it! I still feel as if I that night wasnt real because it was just so not what I expected from this restaurant.-- "Manila Tokyo"..... I know where the Manila comes from.... guess the Tokyo is in the name because of the Karaoke?!? My guess.-- Parking lot is alittle wierd but plentiful. Only lost a star because the food wasnt the best, and took a while to get drinks. Other than that, who know what they have in store for future weekends! If it's anything like this past weekeend, then I'm willing to go back!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2008,7/14/2008,541,302,11,8,7>There's a common pattern in the reviews for Santana's. The majority of reviewers who ate there did so during after hours, slightly or fully inebriated, ankles tired from dancing or just walking around, eyes  blood shot from the night before. All I have to say is, "Shame on you!"Oh yeah. Sorry. Shame on me too! Yes, I'm as guilty of stopping at the late night Mexican eatery at the wee morning hours. Funny thing is, Santana's is a contradiction. The food is so tasty, yet so greasy; so stale, yet still satisfying; so unhealthy, yet so indescribably "crazy-delicious".  I wonder if the spirits coursing through my bloodstream is causing this conflict of good and bad? bueno or malo?A word of advice for the well healed, morning feasters, order something deep fried like rolled tacos and dunk those suckers in hot sauce, this will lower your probability of catching something bad.Bonus Wisdom Points:Setup a contingency and brace for an immediate stomach evacuation or an unnatural, self inflicted anenema by having a gallon of water and Tums tablets next to your bed. It could get ugly.Remember to be mindful of our delicate ecosystem. We are trying to reduce carbon in the atmosphere, not add to it, so don't order anything with whistling fruit, stick with rolled tacos!
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2008,7/13/2008,158,91,15,14,13>So, I've been battling an unspoken war with Yelping/writer's block and now is a great time to draw attention to it.  I've had a lack of motivation for writing new reviews.  This was mainly due to my lack of seeking out new businesses to sink my teeth into.  So, this Friday I decided to make an effort to change that.  And so it began with Devine Pastabilities, thanks to the recent thread devoted to it.After oogling over their menu online for a week, I walked in and knew what I wanted.  I had the Spinach Torsalad (add shrimp).  Husband got the Ante-pasta Torsalad, and my brother got the BBQ Chicken Torsalad.  I think subconsciously we weren't 100% ready to dive into the carb loaded torpastas just yet - at least not on our first visit.The guy that took our order was really welcoming and friendly, however the gal that helped him out with serving the dishes left something to be desired (throwing the ketchup onto the table, dropping off food without a peep, etc.)  An immediate star goes to the Fat Tire on tap, however, my preggo ass could not indulge that evening (I evil eyed my co-diners at every gulp they took).  As we waited for food I studied the quirky decor (funny signs, I Love Carbs shirts, "Atkins is Dead" sticker.) My torsalad was awesome and coupled with a basket of their garlic parmesan fries, the three of us had a great, casual meal.I think I recognized the owner (from the photos section on their Yelp page) as he greeted us with a genuine smile on our way in.  As we left, he walked around table to table to let his customers know about a raffle he was having for a friend battling cancer.  Awesome.I left wishing I would have went for the bowtie pesto torpasta (add shrimp), but I'll keep that in mind for round two.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,7/12/2008,31,142,13,8,8>Like a really, really, really, really  nice, version of a Tijuana night club circa 1984.  I could never walk in sober and expect it to cheer me up.  I'd have to walk in pre-buzzed to prepare for the other people trashing the place while they dance, but in really nice clothes with lots of labels sprinkled all over them. In case I don't see the labels, they wear them on their sunglasses on top of their heads at night. This is a step below hairdressers.  They even have the Mexican bathroom valet, except this one is packing everything but a zebra/donkey.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,7/10/2008,314,412,13,8,8>So why is there still only one review for this place?I was at the potluck,  AND YOU KNOW YOU WERE TOO, so how about reviewing this place? EY?And if you didn't meet me or I didn't meet you, Hi I'm Melissa S.As for the park itself you got a good view of Balboa Park, the bathrooms...well for the guys it was easy. Pick a bush, any bush.But to get to the actual bathrooms, you had to venture over the river and through the woods. Ample parking.Did you notice that it had names of birds on the sidewalk?While walking to my car I did,"HEY THOSE ARE NAMES OF BIRDS, THAT'S WHY IT'S CALLED BIRD PARK!" I said."Wow, you're slow," said the person I was walking it.Actually I was laughing because it said 'Swallow.'Yes I'm very mature.A bunch of grass to sit, hop, skip, jump, run, have a wet paper towel fight, and...WRESTLE on. ;) hahaPlayground?There is ground to play on...A set of swings and that's it.If you're lucky you can get ice cream from the ice cream man.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,7/8/2008,587,1463,15,12,12>Scallop tacos...wow. Give the guy who thought of this a damn medal because its one of the top reasons that I come here. One night I had dinner at Bistro d' Asia a few doors down and my friend and I still came in to eat the scallop tacos. That my friend is true gluttony. I'm not ashamed, I just need help in the temptation department.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,7/7/2008,111,227,10,14,14>So I hit up this new joint on its opening day, hoping for the best, but expecting some rough spots this being its 1st go. The Corner is in an old warehouse surrounded by new condo buildings, and other than the sign, you wouldn't know its there.Walking in is sweet! There's a small bar, with a few seats, but a stairwell on your right leads you up to the main event. You walk up....And you've arrived!This is truly the cozy neighborhood  living room that we've been waiting for. There has got to be 4 or 5 little niches in this mezzanine, along with the cool, long bar...Definitely a place you want to hit for happy hour after work (especially since the Stellas are only $3), not to mention a working fireplace overlooking the corner of 10th & J! So how's the food? Two words:FRIED PICKLES!!!These things were off the hook!!! They set 'em down and everyone's eyes at the table I'm sitting at (I sort of piggy-backed on to a community table) are suddenly hypnotized by the new arrival! Of course as the up-most gentlemen I offer my fellow table-mates a taste of the fried pickle. Regretfully, I watch half of my pickles devoured, dipped into some kind of tarter sauce that put them over the top. Oh, by the way: they pickle their own cucumbers!Luckily, my wife got there just in time to claim the last of the fried pickles; I'm telling you, I can't emphasize enough how good these are, and I can't wait to try their fried tomatoes. Once Des settled in, we ordered some dinner. Fontana BBQ Burger for me, some sort of salad for her (I really do usually pay attention, but at this point, I'm 3 Stellas down, and haven't eaten all day other than a little homemade salad for lunch). We also get an order of their Sweet Potato Fries, which they subbed at no cost (sweet).My burger was very tasty, and the fries had some killer flavor (cumin I think?) The Corner is definitely on the rotation!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,3/20/2013,1194,640,5,11,8>I have to admit, I really like rooftop bars. Altitude in particular is quite nice. It's also an ideal place to start the night. It has a classy look and feel, and a pleasant crowd. As soon as I walked in, I immediately loved it. It was a little cold, but luckily they have a lot of heaters you can huddle next to. The best part has to be the view, which was really nice!The one thing to note is that if you've had one too many, you definitely will not be let in. But honestly it makes sense. It has a nice atmosphere, and there are other rowdy bars that would be better for super drunk people.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,3/19/2013,792,572,18,14,11>I ran out of rice,Mom and I always split a 20-pound bag since that' s a lot of rice,We like the Buddha brand Thai Jasmine Rice,It costs $22.99 for a 20-pound bag of rice,They stopped making them in the convenient 10-pound bags,I nearly lost control of my wheel-malfunctioned, shopping cart with my 20-pound bag of rice in the parking lot,My fingers hurt like hell hauling the 20-pound bag of rice into my home,I guestimated ten pounds worth to separate out for Mom,Fiancé refused to bring out the scale for me to weigh it later that night,I'm a little OCD,We now have lots of rice to last us a few more months,I like 99 Ranch for selling a lot of rice.They also sell good fried chicken wings at the hot foods counter,I ate it with rice.Thanks for selling lots of yummy grub, 99 Ranch.  Your recent remodel looks very pretty too. Now if only we can do something about improving your parking lot filled with all the crazy drivers in San Diego County, then I'd give you five stars.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/18/2013,2030,893,13,15,13>Discovered this place by accident as I was in the area buying Sprinkles for my cat's 13th birthday party. Yes, I just said cat's birthday party. = )  Really, it was just an excuse for us to get our friends together to eat, drink and be merry (shhhh, Max doesn't need to know that). Since it was technically his birthday, I was really hoping we could get him something to wear on his special day because it's tradition for Mom & Dad to always sing happy birthday to him with candles in an entire can of wet food. Call us crazy pet owners...but he's our baby and I swear our 19 lb. American Bobtail loves the attention and knows when it's his birthday because he's extra ornery on these days. After my trip to Sprinkles, I was on my way to Peet's when I saw the perfect little hat through the window of this store.  It was a birthday hat for a small dog or cat that would fit Max perfectly. I thought he would look so cute in it and it turned out to be the best $5 spent and really, he did love wearing his hat. Thanks Pet People for providing us crazy pet owners those little things that make celebrations with our pets that much more special. Max really did love the hat and it provided a great photo opp.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,3/17/2013,438,269,5,10,8>I've been here twice...both times were on a Tuesday for Happy Hour...1/2 off pizzas!!!!I think I've tried most of the pizzas on their menu: * Makhani Chicken - Indian flavors on a pizza...two of my favorite things have come together and it tasted amazing!  Tender chicken that perfectly spiced, just the right amount of mozzarella, and this light but flavorful yogurt sauce. * Shortrib - This pizza is simple, but good.  It has chunks of shortrib, arugula, and blue cheese.  I'm not usually a blue cheese fan, but it really works with the flavors of this pizza. * Wild Mushroom - There must have been 3-4 different kinds of mushrooms on this pizza.  Combine that with gruyere, truffle oil, and some greens...yummy!! * Grilled Prawns - This was my least favorite of the bunch.  The shrimp was sparse, and a little dry.  The black beans, roasted peppers, and chive sauce individually were good, but it just wasn't working for me.For all the pizzas, the crust was excellent!  The dough had good flavor, just the right amount of thickness, and was cooked perfectly!  I also liked the presentation...each pizza is served on it's own board, and the board has little wells carved out for the pepper and other condiments!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/16/2013,1307,1136,8,13,9>The Cohn Restaurant Group does it again! Another favorite restaurant of ours now! We came here for my husband's birthday dinner and though it was quite a drive away for us, we decided to stay in San Diego for the weekend anyway, so it worked out for us. It's a small place, but when we walked in, we saw that there were locks in the foyer like in Europe when couples are in love and they put their names on the lock and throw the key into the water. Already, I liked the place! To start, I had the frisee salad, which consists of warm bacon vinaigrette, poached egg, lardons, truffled goat cheese toast. It was amazing! I couldn't stop eating it! When it first arrived, I thought it was just lots of greens but once you cut down to the bottom, you will be surprised with the truffled goat cheese toast! My husband had the escargots to start and he said it reminded him so much of France! My daughter had the croque madame, it was so big, my husband and I shared and helped her eat it. It was phenomenal!!!!! It had a pork belly in it, which usually isn't the case in most croque madames, just an egg, but this was out of this world!!!For the entree, my husband ordered the Boeuf Bourguignon, which was perfectly made! I ordered the Fettuccini, which consists of duck confit, roasted mushrooms, arugula, parmesan reduction. Oh.my.goodness! Heaven in my mouth! For dessert, I had the cinnamon rolls baked to order with carmelized bananas and my husband had the chocolate mousse with kahlua in it. I was so thrilled with my dessert! The manager kept coming by to play with my daughter and talk to her, from the time we got there to the time we left. Even the waitress was very attentive to her. We had a wonderful time there!The parking was a little wet and had puddles everywhere since it's a dirt road, but we didn't mind it, we had such a great dinner, we didn't care. I plan to come back, sooooo happy with this place!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,3/15/2013,859,450,7,8,7>Honestly, I wasn't expecting much of this place. I had seen it many times as I drove past it. Its facade didn't look promising nor enticing...it was just there. A lone american style breakfast place in the midst of a ton of Asian markets, Asian restaurant, Asian bakeries, Asian coffee shops and car shops.When I decided to come here on a whim, I was pleasantly surprised with the short wait. The decor was even cute. The service was fast.Let me just mention their orange juice. Ohmygod. Fresh. Delicious. I had to stop myself from drinking it all before my meal came. It was very yummy.I ordered some sort of Benedict...which I didn't particularly liked. However, I paid a little more for the strawberry pancakes...which were AMAZING. I ditched my main dish and just ate the pancakes. Even though the strawberries were from frozen, they tasted great. The whip cream on the side was perfect - not too sweet. While my main dish was lacking, I will definitely come back for the strawberry pancakes and orange juice. Yum! :]
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,3/14/2013,1706,705,8,16,10>This bar is going to keep it's patrons satisfied! I think there is something for everyone here!With a wall of 99 bitters, Cold Press Iced Coffee on draft, vintage milkshakes(Egg, Cream, Sugar, and Club Soda. A tasty blend of creamy and frothy) I'm VERY interested in getting in there when they open on February 12th, 2013! Their test run was on 2/3/13Thumbs up for the small garden they have behind the bar too!
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/13/2013,1428,724,23,24,19>I think me and Eclipse are getting pretty serious. It's like those beginning stages of a relationship where, you're totally swooning. You can't wait to see them again, but you purposely wait an hour before texting back because you want to make them think you're busy.......which I totally am. I was just making that up as an example. About other people.T__TThe guy behind the register judges me. I know he does. His mouth says "Hi, what can I get for you?" but his mind says "Damn. Didn't I see you here yesterday?"Okay. So let's talk about the reason I am in love: their salted caramel mocha. It's like, when I sip it...I hear Andrea Bocelli serenade me with "Con Te Partiro"......and doves get released into the sky and sh*t.I've probably sampled every flavor of chocolate they have: lavender sea salt chocolate, orange anise, and they even have a chili pepper one. Their new location is super spacious, bright, and the decor rivals those found in Better Homes and Gardens. They even have professsional flower arrangements.I usually order the $10 panini/soup combo special. The turkey panini w/ carrot ginger soup is my fave. And the coconut oolong tea is to die for. Try it as an iced tea latte. It will change your life.And to those complaining the chocolate is overpriced, I'm wondering where you think you can find comparable chocolate anywhere in the area, let alone at a lower cost. *shrug  You get what you pay for, y'all.My only gripes are:- No seat covers in the bathroom- On two occassions I've ordered an iced tea and they've given me hot tea. No biggie.Sooooo, hi Eclipse. What are you doing later?
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,3/12/2013,94,355,4,13,4>Soooooooo authentic! I am talking not only about the food, but also the decor and everything. AMBIENCE:Bottles of sake on the bar counter, random menus hanging on the wall, paper lanterns, and lucky cats. Mini clipboard holding a handwritten check by the table, and cute Japanese servers with an accent too! Dining at Yokohama brings back memories of my amazing trips to Japan!FOOD:BEEF TONGUE SKEWER - MUST ORDER! Grilled to perfection with a smoky charcoal flavor, very tender and juicy as well. Unlike those from Wa Dining OKAN that are super thin slices or small cubes from Raku, these beef tongues are very thick slices which is awesome because you get to feel the chewiness and consistency of the beef tongue on your own tongue.CHICKEN CARTILAGE SKEWER - I always like chicken cartilage. Unfortunately, it was a little overcooked when I had it tonight. The portion was also tiny teeny, so I will probably pass on that next time.QUAIL EGGS SKEWER - tasted like quail eggs. I grew up eating quail eggs but I guess one special thing to me was the smoky charcoal flavor and the tasty soy sauce on them.NIPPON NO NIKOMI - MUST ORDER! It's a Japanese stew with beef, chicken, daikon, carrots, konnyaku, and probably more. Very flavorful and delicious comfort food.BEER:The only beer they had on draft was Asahi! That made me sad because I was in the mood for Kirin. And that was my only complaint about this place.IMPORTANT NOTES:Hear me out if you have decided to try this place, 3904 Convoy St on Google maps or whatever GPS will take you to the mall next door. It's NOT located at the mall with Nijiya and Koon Thai Kitchen, it should be the NEXT one, with Original Pancake House and  Wings-N-Things. Of course, parking is always a big problem at this mall.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/11/2013,280,432,15,21,15>45 students on a field trip and what to do about lunch?We were going to the Diversionary Theatre and the last time I planned a fieldtrip, I forgot to plan lunch....so the students had to eat whatever was leftover at the school cafeteria...how many of you really liked your school lunches???  Diversionary suggested BFD since they used them in the past.Steve was great!  Planned a bag lunch to fit our budget: turkey sandwich, potato salad, chocolate chip cookie, and a soda.  Very simple and easy!  Kids loved everything, especially the cookie.  Some didn't like mustard, so next time just mayo.  So it was evident that I would come by and check them out for lunch.  They took over a deli, and the new design of the space is great!It feels very open and inviting without being pretentious.  We sat at the big communal table which kinda reminded me of being at a school cafeteria...lol!  I had the hot turkey sandwich, O.F.T.  I have no idea what that means...One F*&king Terrific sandwich?  Which really, is what it was!  Grilled turkey that looked like it was carved, mash tators and gravy.....mmmmm gravy!  The partner had the Turkey Day, which was such a great change from the traditional turkey sub.  He said the cranberry relish was a great touch!Overall, a very satisfying meal.  A great place to either order in or to go, and if need be, catered.  The staff is great as well!
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,6/18/2012,245,33,20,15,16>I have been frequenting this place lately, as My Man of the Moment (3M) is a fixture here.  I've finally eaten here so now I feel I would be able to review it fairly.The scene:  Way more mustaches and flannels than I would prefer.  3M is only half that lame.  I give it a few years before Golden Hill is as hip as North Park.  I see a many v-necks and skinny jeans in their future.  Very crowded on the weekends.  The jukebox has good selections and the piano player is cool.  The food:  It bothers me a bit that there is a grill in the middle of this joint.  I don't like smelling of grill.  Of course I made 3M grill my steak for me.  3M thought perhaps it was a bit under-cooked.  I let 3M know that, "Oooh baby I like it raw.  Yeah baby I like it rawww".  I'm Vietnamese however the only meat I don't do raw is dog, you pick up what I'm puttin' down?  My salad though very generic was bigger than I expected.  I wish they would've tossed my salad.  I would have left more satisfied.  Thank goodness 3M was  present and tossed my salad for me.The drinks:  They come in tall and gigantic.  Heavy handed pours.  I am a happy girl.  I always leave here nice and toasted.  So drunk that I would indeed reconsider having my dog raw.  That's some strong drinks.  3M, please take note.*No dogs were harmed in the making of this review.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,6/17/2012,677,365,8,8,7>So San Diego is known for fish tacos and California burritos, but I think we have room for another specialty....CINNAMON ROLL PANCAKES!!!  I stopped by the Trails on a lazy Sunday and found an eclectic bunch of diners macking on huge plates of food.  With a hungry eye and drooling mouth I ordered the perfect dish to put in my temple of a body...cinnamon roll pancakes.  Think of a lighter cinnabon that you can put syrup on, but not me, I find them sexy as it is.  I hold it in the same breath as Boots and Kimo's banana pancakes with mac nut sauce...my Islander friends should know what's up.  Honestly it took every single ounce of me not to order another plate of pancakes while only half way done with the first.  I just wanna be like Scrooge McDuck and dive in a tower full of these pancakes...one can only dream.  But I think it's time for our famous mexican dishes to share the glory of a must eat in San Diego.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,6/16/2012,1244,659,8,12,9>My first time at a shooting range couldn't have been better! P2K Range is located in the boonies of El Cajon and behind a construction area so driving in and up to the range was a little sketchy. It's a dirt road with lots of big rocks so I don't recommend bringing your Ferrari or Porche out here. The range was clean and they have an indoor and outdoor area to shoot stuff. Cool, brah!You start by checking in and they make you read their rules and safety information and then you take a quiz at the end. I passed with a 100% thank you very much :). All the lanes were filled up when we got there so we had to wait about 20 minutes until one opened up. We were able to rent guns for $10 and ammunition was an additional fee depending on what caliber of bullets you needed. Since it was my first time, I decided to ease myself into it by trying a 22 cal. The bullets were only $3 for a box of 50. A staff member taught me how to load my magazine, and all the basics of how to operate my gun. I got a blue man for my target ($0.75) and I shot the poor guy in the head countless times! My gun malfunctioned twice while I was using it. The first time they lubed it up a little more and afterwards the magazine broke. The staff quickly replaced my gun with another one that I could use. Overall my experience here was great! The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They knew it was my first time and they taught me everything I needed to know. I can pretty much say that we were helped at least once by each member of the staff during our visit. When we were about to pay and leave, the staff member informed us that our rentals were on the house because of our gun malfunction. Wow, awesome!! It's great to see that they really care about customer satisfaction. I highly recommend P2K Range if you're a first timer like me, or if you just want to release some built up tension. I saw someone bring in their own target with a picture of someone. I guess if you're ever angry at somebody, just blow up their picture to bring in as a target and fire away! That's what I'm gonna do... *insert evil laugh here* ;)
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,6/15/2012,314,412,8,10,10>Chipotle BBQ Chicken on a Hot Plate + Baby Arugula simple salad, and yukon mashed potatoes. The flank steak is good too!I usually get the hot plate but had the sandwich just to try it, the red peppers and aioli were good, but you get more bang for your buck with the hot plate.You have the option of getting it on a plate, as a sandwich or larger serving of the simple salad of your choice. They also serve wine & beer, woot Yellowtail, but I'll still to drinking water because the plate alone is ~$11-12 and with a beer/glass of wine ~$17-20. I brought my sister here and she loves it. A walk around NTC is usually mandatory after eating here. Haven't had a bad experience the few times I've dined here. The trays are a bit heavy, but sometimes they'll have someone help you if there's too much on your plate (see what I did there)
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,6/14/2012,113,165,5,11,9>When I walked in, I thought I walked into the dream kitchen I just posted on pinterest. I LOVE the decor- clean, restoration hardware feel- with it's birdcage chandeliers. Beautiful.There are limited amount of tables but if you get a reservation, you're golden. There are also shared tables if you don't mind sitting with others.Ok, onwards to the food review: delicious.I read mixed reviews about the food but I kept an open mind.- shrimp and tomato grits: so delicious. Creamy grits just how I like it. Very well seasoned with a hint of spicy.- swordfish. I loved the seasoned potatoes and sausage that came with this. The fish was perfectly cooked and came out moist. But the swordfish was a bit bland- not too surprisingly for this type of fishHad their chehamle Chardonnay (not sure if I spelled it right).So overall, great experience. Love the ambiance and quirky paintings. The couples next to us were gorgeous and the other was a fashionista couple wearing bowties. I thought I was in SF or NYC.Good work Brooklyn. We need more of you in SD!
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,6/13/2012,15,114,11,5,6>My wife and visited Albie's Beef Inn on NYE for a late supper, and it did not disappoint with a flair for old school (judging by some of the clientelle one might surmise one-room schoolhouse or Allegory of the Cave) and food that brought a tear to the eye. For under $100 (American), we were able to fill our bodies of food and drink (three G+Ts AND three Tom Collins).Entertainment was great as well. We sat between Andrew Dice Clay and Ricardo Montalban and were privvy to watch the senior set swoon. Now, for those of you who scoff at the artwork (tasteful nudes on canvas and a rather large Marlin), please know that these serve as visual catalysts for the handfuls of Viagra and Cialis being passed around the dining room. Helps to get the men going, I suppose. Call your doctor if this lasts longer than four hours. So, if you are in the mood for a carrot that will make you want to punch a bunny or are curious why grandpa looks so happy all the time, come on down and visit. Bring an appetite and an open mind--as well as a yazz flute.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,6/12/2012,1070,356,8,14,8>I've driven by this place........walked by this place........talked about this place...........and now I finally get to try this place!  I so regret taking so long to do so!  This place met my expectations and then some!First note: Happy Hour is from 4-6.  Parking can get challenging so be prepared to look, drive around and pay some quarters.We were immediately seated and I just fell in love with the decor and the atmosphere.  The vibe was nice since they were playing modern music, mostly top 40's stuff but that didn't take away from the feel.  Our waitress had a strong accent which we couldnt figure out but I was impressed when she remembered everything we ordered including drinks, apps and dishes.Davanti Spritz ($5 during HH)Very refreshing spritzer.  If you're not into the bubbly-spritzer type drink, dont get this.  But I really enjoyed it.Truffle Egg Toast + Fontina + AsparagusThis is for you egg yolk lovers!!  First taste of the asparagus and it was already awesome!  Cut up the toast and mix in the egg and you got something better than spectacular!  Kind of hard to describe the taste since there's a few things going on.  But check out my picture and you'll see why.Crispy Pork Belly + Peach MostardaWE STARTED OUT WITH ONE AND ENDED UP ORDERING ANOTHER!!!  Yes!  For you Filipino's this is similar to lechon kewali but better!  I kid you not!  The Peach Mostarda that comes with it has a sweet-vinegrette taste to it which just amps up the crispy pork belly goodness.  Just try not to count calories when you eat this thing.  So worth it!  Pizza Con Salsiccia e Rapini.  This had Italian mild sausage + broccoli rabe + garlic + chili oil + fresh mozzarella + tomato.  Loved it!  It just tasted fresh and rustic.  I think I ate half of this..... lol!Pizza con Funghi e TaleggioThis had mushrooms + braised leeks + taleggio + truffle oilSomething about truffle oil just does it to me!  This was my favorite pizza from the two.  No, it did not have meat..........but it was just delish!  A lot of my descriptions of the food here was pretty vague.  Its because its hard to describe exactly what your eating with all the fuzed ingredients. All in all, this is now one of my favorite places to go to.  Check out the pictures I posted of the food I had...... that should be enough to help you order your next dish!
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,6/11/2012,65,222,9,7,5>I stumbled upon this cool place last night while walking through Hillcrest looking for another wine bar... not really feeling like anymore 2005 reserves.... and much more like a Diet Coke... I just was drawn to the cool look of this place... Now I have serious restaurant anxiety for anyone who knows me and this place did not trigger that what so ever, I left the xanax in my purse, whether it be the very warm calming hostesses that welcomed me in or the strangely perfect chocolate treats under the front glass.... anyways.......I was sat at the dessert bar, a super HUG GABLE friendly server whom I would say looks like "Robert California" from The Office... served me that much needed diet coke in a fancy glass... watched cool desserts being made... ordered the shake and cake with raspberry shake... then ordered a weird watermelon pepper drink that seemed strange but delivered an addiction I believe... Apparently some big Food Network Challenge guy owns the place... I realized this after the fact I had spoken with him throughout the evening and read the previous yelp reviews.... but see, I am a big Paula Deen and Guy Fieri fan so sorry Mr. Gerhard I had no idea who you were, but now I will be returning  to sip your Watermelon Pepper drink with a herd of girls... I know who you are now...Three snaps up in a Z formation for Hillcrest..... AND three snaps up in a Z formation for D - HEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,6/10/2012,597,525,18,21,14>OH. MY. GOD. Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Have I found my new favorite restaurant in the gayborhood!? Methinks I have. My dining companion and I were on a mission last night, with discount coupons in hand, to have Asian tacos at Taco Banh. When we arrived at Taco Banh's location, what we found in its place was Urban Eats. Apparently, Taco Banh's existence was very short-lived, and, from what I understand, the Chef decided to convert the identity of the restaurant and its cuisine to what he does best -- American comfort food. This diehard foodie is so grateful that he embraced and followed his intuition because I'm absolutely in LOVE with this restaurant.Upon entry, we were immediately greeted by Kyle, an extremely gracious and outgoing waiter. In celebration of their opening, Kyle explained to us that the dinner plates were 50% off, a mystifying promotion that is just unheard of. Even without the discounts, the items on the menu are more than affordable and uber friendly on the wallet. I started with a tamarind iced tea and the b.l.a.t + blue salad (b.l.a.t = bacon, lettuce, avacado, and tomato). First of all, the iced tea was surprisingly delicious. Poor Kyle had to pour me at least 3 or 4 glasses during my visit; I practically slurped down their entire pitcher. The salad was executed beautifully, showcasing fresh ingredients that satisfied every taste receptor. Moving on, I chose the Low Slow Pork ($9). The dish is served with cheesy polenta, bacon and brussel sprouts. HUGE portion for $9. The pork was succulent and melted like butter when fondled with the fork. My tablemate selected the Uptown Meatloaf ($9). It came with smashed potatoes, a rich tomato compote, and spinach. Needless to say, we cleaned our plates in nothing flat. In fact, I even considered abandoning all etiquette and throwing decorum out the window in order to bring the bowl to my fat face so that I could lick its surface clean. It was really THAT good. I'm still in awe of this fabulous gem that has opened up in the heart of Hillcrest. The quality, portions, service and pricing are spot on. I hope they don't change one thing. We're already talking about going back to Urban Eats before the weekend's out to indulge further, at the expense of my waistline. (sigh).So what are you waiting for? Get your booty over there now and show this stupendous small business some love. I can almost guarantee that you'll be equally as impressed.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2011,6/9/2012,222,168,4,6,5>I want to give 4.5 stars, really...Been here a couple times, but our most recent experience was so great. My husband chose tapas and sangria for his payday treat, so we moseyed over with our toddler for their 5pm happy hour. The owner served us, he was super attentive and so accommodating for our little one. We didn't even have to bust out the DVD player (always a nice surprise). The feel here is definitely European - slow eating, slow drinking, small place, cozy and a little crowded when it's busy. Do not go here if you are in a hurry. But it's a great place to linger and share food and conversation with friends.The only reasons I am not giving 5 stars: I really like the food there (mushrooms in garlic sauce, fried potatoes, albacore pate) but I don't *love* it, which could be just a matter of taste. We are not meat eaters (fish and veggie dishes only) so I know that we are probably missing the point of Spanish food. Also, I definitely prefer to go only during the happy hour special, otherwise it gets very expensive very quickly.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2008,5/27/2008,134,206,23,13,21>This is dedicated to Jae, the lover of the Dinosaurs on Bonita Rd.I've passed by these dinosaurs numerous times, I'm sure. I live right up the hill. But, for some reason, I had never actually seen them. It's right in front of a shopping center, and I'm pretty sure I've been in there before, but how could I miss them? Probably because you don't usually go looking around for dinosaurs, and it wasn't until I went "hunting" for them, did I find them. There's a blue one and a yellow one. Obviously, the blue dino is the nice one. He (she?) seems a little sad. Blue dino, what's wrong? Maybe he (she?) is shy, thousands of people pass by these two all day and night. It must suck not being able to move around.The yellow dino looks mean. Scary mean. Don't-come-any-closer-or-I'll-eat-you type of mean. The blue one has the body of a tyrannosaurus rex, and he looks nice. The one that looks like a veggie dino has sharp fangs. Something is not right here.Eventually, I will come back to name them.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/13/2007,5/26/2008,607,243,18,15,15>First and foremost, before you spend 10 min whizzing around La Jolla trying to find parking on the street, there is GARAGE PARKING! I wish I had known that while I was going up and down Girard trying to find a decent spot. I ended up parking down the street and had to wait double-parked with my blinker on for ten minutes while watching a surfer to get changed from his wetsuit into his clothes. He was skillful at holding up his towel while changing. He was certainly a looker and was taking his sweet time getting undressed. Let me tell you, it was quite the show   =POH WAIT!Back to Cody's....The restaurant itself is this charming corner restaurant in La Jolla. The whole ambiance is quite cozy with a wonderful breeze and view if you choose to get seated outside.Upon arrival, all tables were setup with bread, butter and jam. The bread definitely held my hunger up while we waited for the rest of our party. This review of Cody's may be bitter since I didn't order anything "brunch-y". I had to order the fruit salad. The fruit was fresh, the granola was crunchy and the yogurt was packaged. What else can I comment on? Let's just say, if you're a vegetarian, there aren't many options available. As for the pomergrante mimosas, they were delicious and were constantly getting topped off.All-in-all, Cody's is a nice place to take family or out-of-towners for a lovely brunch before hitting the beach.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2008,5/25/2008,109,41,32,25,23>Geeeeeeezus, people!!All you Stingaree haters need to get over it.Look, Yelp is the kinda forum where dives like The Aero Club and The Waterfront consistently garner five-star reviews. Spots with velvet ropes get ripped to shreds.That's because everyone's trying to keep it real, right? Anyone who digs a "bottle service and boob jobs" type of joint must worship Satan, right?I get it. And sure, you have a point.But then .... why the hell do you go there???Stingaree is what it is. And doesn't claim to be anything other than what it is. And judging by the lines out the door every weekend, it's doing what it does very well.So, knowing what Stingaree is -- with a shitload of Yelp reviews all concurring (overhyped, overpriced, shallow plastic people, blah, blah blah) -- why the f*ck would you go there expecting a different experience?? Then whine about it???If 100 people told you not to go outside because it's pouring down rain, but you step out anyway -- without an umbrella -- and get completely drenched, whose fault is that?? Mother Nature's??If you wanna really enjoy Stingaree, you gotta take it for what it is and just give in to it, a thousand percent. That means you should:*Round up a group of 6-7 friends (a mix of boys and girls) and collect $50 bucks from each to splurge for bottle service.*Reserve a table on the second level or a cabana on the rooftop -- the crowd gets classier the higher up you go (avoid the ground level; it's thug central after 10:30 pm)* Get dressed up and play the part! (Don't tell me you "too cool for school" hipster chicks don't have a backless sequin Charlotte Russe top in storage that you've been dying to wear since freshman year of college)* Get drunk and make fun of everyone! If anything it's some of the most comical people-watching you'll find outside of the DMVStingaree ain't for real people. But sometimes, just sometimes, for kicks, it's a lot of fun to join the shallow side for a minute.Aero Club and The Waterfront will still be there tomorrow to welcome you back with open, tatted-up arms.Love, Avery  (aka The Ultimate Hipster/Scenester Hybrid)
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,5/24/2008,732,444,26,23,19>Blacks is an educational experience for those not well-versed in the literal interpretation of "How's it hangin'?"It is also, without a doubt, the most beautiful stretch of beach in San Diego. With sheer cliffs on one side and endless ocean on the other, low tide is an orgy of beauty. If you can ignore the ACTUAL orgies occurring on the north end of the beach, Blacks is an amazing place to spend the day. There is a group called the "Blacks Beach Bares" who help maintain some semblance of safety. That is, they want to protect their tan-lines (or lack thereof), and to ensure that CA continues to turn a blind eye to their hanging wangs, they go out of their way to keep the beach safe and clean. You can find them on the northern end of the beach in between their hallmark flags. They're actually quite nice. The beach is typically uncrowded, in part because getting to it requires effort (beyond finding parking). Because people don't abound, wildlife does. It is not unusual to see pods of dolphins, seals, and the resident Peregrine falcon looping overhead. If you're feeling particularly motivated, you can walk all the way to Torry Pines Beach - a rocky path connects the two.Be sure to bring plenty of water and sunblock... otherwise, you'll have to borrow some from The Naked Guys.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2007,5/23/2008,101,101,2,10,11>Sushi Ota is considered by many to be the best sushi in all of San Diego. Being the doubting Rainier that I am, however, I had to try it out for myself. And you know what - they weren't so crazy after all!! The relatively small place is always packed, and if you don't go early or don't place a reservation, you're pretty much screwed because so many people line up to get their fill. Being a classy sushi place, prices are moderately expensive, but you get what you pay for. I've never been disappointed going here; highly recommended.For other great sushi places, check out Surfside (also in PB) on Mondays, when it's half off - they've got real sushi chefs yelling at you and waving their knives at you when you come in (irasshaimase! kidding on the knives part), and Ebisu over in Hillcrest. That should fill you up!
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,5/18/2008,131,64,13,14,12>Rule 1: Give me free food and I'll be back. Rule 2: Give me phenomenal free food and I'll be back for life. Rule 3: Give me multiple offerings of phenomenal free food and I'll be sleeping here. Somebody get out the cot. Quaint quarters welcomed us into a cave-like glow where Chef John Kennedy swept in and out of the dining room, visiting tables and toting his sassy sense of humor like a favorite teacher where every student was his pet. The dinner bell had rung and it was time for class.Lessons of the 'Half' lifeLesson 1: Half and half - Owing its name to the fact that they only sell half bottles, our forty-three dollar Baker Lane (Hurst vineyard) pinot noir was worth every penny. A cask wouldn't have been enough, so the half bottle didn't come close, but their idea of pairing a white for the first course and red for the second makes for an excellent multiple choice. Allowing outside wine of any size for a five dollar corking fee also brings up the GPA.  Leson 2: Toast of the town - Is there anything better than an amuse bouche? This bite sized morsel of gratitude boasted a toasted baguette swirled with goat cheese, sundry tomatoes and micro-greens. FREELesson 3: Beet feats - Not much of a beet lover, but along for the ride with one, the "leaning tower" of beets was sculpted in svelte architecture and though not my favorite, it impressed (and ap-Pisa-ed) me.  Lesson 4: Signature salad - I was skeptical when I saw strawberries, candied walnuts and fig vinaigrette. It sounded much too sweet, but somehow it all blended into a delicate mix with greens and bursts of tartness from goat cheese. All doubts dissolved on my tongue. Lesson 5: Ice cream cleansing - Maybe the most important lesson of all, cleansing the palate. Miniature ice cream cones bearing lemon sorbet were inventive, practical and playful. FREELesson 6: Down and trout - For extra credit, the pecan encrusted trout appeared on tonight's specials with maple compound butter and herbed rice pilaf, bathing me in its sweet and salty afterglow.Lesson 7: Tongue and cheek - As soon as that veal cheek hit my tongue, its tender texture floated down my throat. The aftertaste was potent from the light, chocolate sauce similar to mole with a French flare (savory depth without overpowering), along with lentils that also softened the dish like a kiss on the cheek.Lesson 8: The long and the short (rib) of it- Cabernet short ribs voluntarily shredded off the bone served with cauliflower and horseradish mash that had a consistency similar to a browned couscous. Veggies that taste like starch- I'm all in. Lesson 9: Sprout-prise! - Sauted and chopped, Brussels sprouts appeared like a tasty quarter pulled from my ear. FREEFinal exam: Brulee relay- We handed off the maple glazed creme brulee to one another, ending our well-rounded education with sighs of stuffed triumph.  They had passed all my tests. In a time where economic strain had most restaurants feeling the pinch, the Half's dining room still bustled in calm reliability. Our waitress, Kelley, revealed that the menu would soon be revised for Spring, which only gave us more reason to study new courses here. Their ability to change with the times, maintain success in a plummeting market and engage the community through a chef that's a "man of the people", the Better Half gets my vote for the "Stove-al" Office with Kennedy as President.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2007,5/17/2008,126,386,13,16,18>Mid-city is not only a great place to get your car stereo stolen, it's the modern day Ellis Island for many of San Diego's more vibrant immigrant communities. The AjA Project is a local nonprofit organization that runs an after school participatory photography program for refugee and displaced kids. Basically, these kids arrive off the boat, in some cases from war-torn developing countries, without the ability to speak English, and they find themselves in bizarroland east and southeast San Diego. AjA gives these kids a camera, a little self-reflection and empowerment, and we get to see the pictures in art shows. Think "Born into Brothels" in a slightly different context.The photos these kids take are amazing. A lot of the kids are talented, but every one of them has an interesting story to tell. My favorite part is being able to see inside these local communities I can't otherwise see from my vantage point of walking down the street or eating their food. But the fact is that many of the kids stick with the AjA program for a long time because it plays a big role in their lives in helping them cope and acculturate to life here in the US. It just so happens that their creative outlet can be brought into view of a broader public (me and you) as well. And we're not talking about a classroom of kids from Tijuana. AjA works with teenagers who have been resettled here from Somalia, the Sudan, Colombia, Afghanistan, and so forth.AjA is an acronym for "Autosuficiencia Juntada con Apoyo," which is Spanish for "supporting self-sufficiency."This has been a public service message. Thank you for listening. Now you may go read more reviews about bars and restaurants.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2008,5/15/2008,107,143,11,12,10>Its 2AM, you're drunk,  you just got out of the club  craving for something...and its not carne asada anything, not steak and eggs, not late night chinese food...you're craving for some DIRTY DOGS!You look around and realize your craving will not be satisfied tonight because you aren't in LA with those dirty dog stands and their AWESOME aroma filling up the night air with hot dogs wrapped in  bacon, onions, peppers. Bad news, we are in San Diego.  We don't have the luxury of those illegal carts waiting for us as we exit the club.  Sure you can just as well go home and make your own Dirty Dog, but something about being drunk, hot pots and pans, and knives just don't go together.  So your craving will just have to be left unsatisfied...UNTIL YOU READ THIS REVIEW!Yes my friend, Lucha Libre has those DIRTY DOGS you crave!  AND they are open until 3AM on Fridays and Saturdays!  Only, they aren't called dirty dogs here, its known as a "TJ Dog" and its $1.50 per dog!  I came here after the club at around 2:45AM and for one night in San Diego, I was finally able to quench that desire for some dirty dogs.  I ordered two of them and that was the perfect amount for my drunk ass.   And I was ecstatic.  Of course it wasn't as good as the dirty dogs from the illegal carts in LA, but it was pretty damn close.  They must sprinkle some crack in those LA dirty dogs.  Lucha Libre has a pretty good version of it, its safer, legal, and cheaper!You know what else is freakin awesome here?  Its that salsa bar.  OH MAN, that sh*t is spicy.  When the sign says "mild"  it actually means, "theres not such thing as MILD SALSA in mexican food sucka, take that sh*T like a man and let it burn your a**hole tonight.."  It was the perfect amount of spiciness that I enjoy, but if thats mild, then I can't even imagine what HOT is.  Theres all kinds of mild, medium, hot, and insano hot salsas to try.  Oh but theres more awesomeness to tell you about. There is unlimited refills on all drink, including HORCHATA.  Now if that doesn't sway you to come here, I don't know what else will...    I would definately come back here when I'm feenin for the dirty dog.  Thank you Lucha Libre for being open late enough for me to satisfy the craving.  Thank you Lucha Libra for bringing a safer dirty dog to San Diego.  THANK YOU LUCHA LIBRE TACO SHOP!!! THANK YOOOUUUUU!!!
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,5/14/2008,135,357,15,13,11>This place is exactly what you'd expect a place called "The Gay Hardware Store" to be. It's everything a hardware store should have plus tons and tons of gayness. I think it's about the best thing out there. If I were gay, I might like it even more. Mostly, it's the service. I walked in with a sketch of the fountain I was making. (To see a video of the completed fountain (in action), go to: youtube.com/watch?v=3Qk1… ) They walked me through the place, taking me past each and every thing I needed. How they get so many people who know so much about so much is really amazing. But they also have this super, hi-tech staff communication system that helps them help you even more. When I walked in, the guy who greeted me said: "Oh, you'll want to go talk to Max downstairs in plumbing. Just go downstairs and you'll see him." And viola! There he was.  It was a little surreal to walk downstairs and have some guy approach me as if he'd read my mind: "You must be the gentleman building the fountain," he said, before I could even say hi. "Right this way." (Basically, they have what must be some sort of intercom where they can actually alert the guys in other departments that you're coming so that they're already waiting for you.)That, and the place basically looks like it's run by, well, gay guys. Completely clean, even stylish, with hardwood floors and gadgets for every possible convenience. This is a place you can visit to purchase or just to browse. It's fun, convenient, helpful and beautiful. What more could you ask?
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2008,5/13/2008,187,162,37,11,17>These stars are for the bartenders who were way to nice to me last night. I did not deserve it.I was feeling pretty good on my second beer, because I decided to go out the absolute *last* minute and didn't have time to eat dinner. Suddenly, someone bought shots. I waved it away. No way. I work tomorrow."No, no, no," says my friend. "This is weak. It's mint."I sniff the clear liquid in the glass. He's right. It's mint. Seems harmless enough. I pick it up, do the obligatory clink of glasses, and down it.The next words my friend said were, "Are you all right? You're twitching."I was alright. I was more than all right. As a matter of fact, within a few minutes, I was motherfucking awesome! I was happily drunk. And I told everyone so. I couldn't stop laughing as I told everyone I was with, "I'm drunk!"My friend finally asks his friend that bought the shots, "Hey, what proof is Rumplemintz?""100."I stop laughing and get my are-you-shitting-me face. But only for a moment. Then I start laughing again. Why? Because I am drunk.A few minutes after midnight, I was not laughing. I was desperately trying not to be sick. I failed. One bartender handed me a pitcher. Another said, "Here, let me get you something that isn't clear." Thank heavens. Not so much for me but for the people witnessing this horrid display. When I shouted "WATER!" they had it for me instantly.I am so sorry, HOB bartenders. But thank you, you were awesome for not treating me like the garbage I was last night. It helped that my friend didn't either.Oh god, I work in a few hours. Ick.P.S. The art on the walls is heinous. It's super pretentious and not even worth it. It may have directly contributed to me puking.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,11/28/2014,286,168,7,10,10>Mt. Soledad is one of the most complete landmarks to take in San Diego's best qualities. San Diego is a city known for its close relationship with the military. I, myself serve in the Navy and there is no greater concentration of military installations on the west coast than here in city. This memorial boasts an incredible collection of plaques of military service members from all branches surrounding an iconic white cross. The view from the top of Mt. Soledad may be the best pound for pound view in the county. From downtown, to Point Loma, to Mission Valley and east county, you can see it all.This is a spot to enjoy an amazing view, and learn about the heroes who served this great country all in one shot. One of my new favorite places to clear my head and relax after a long day.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/27/2014,834,800,9,14,14>Had a wonderful date night here. We made a reservation through Open Table... arrived a few minutes early and we were seated right when we got there. I always give kudos to restaurants who are timely with their reservations.This was our first time eating here so we had no idea what to expect. The restaurant has a very clean, simple, modern look to it. Lots of clean lines, metal edges, white plates and napkins. We were seated upstairs next to the glass partition. It was a great spot because we could look downstairs at the bar/tender, the prosciutto cutting station, and see the hub-bub goin' on outside on the streets. Our server, Melissa, greeted us with a big smile and was very friendly. She told us her favorite items on the menu and we went with it. We ordered our cocktails and per her recommendation, we ordered:Caprese salad - Interesting presentation. They serve the mozzarella in a ball, on the side of a gigantic dish. You're somewhat forced to construct your own caprese salad stack. I didn't mind the extra effort it takes to build this salad. It was simple. Fresh. Good. Tagliatelle with lamb - house-made pasta that's perfectly al dente. Wowie, I love that! The lamb sauce was rich and flavorful. The meat was so soft and the ragu held onto the pasta. Perfection. Crab ravioli - gorgeous presentation. 5 gigantic handmade ravioli stuffed with generous heaps of crab. No seafood fillers here. The sauce was absolutely divine - I was scooping it up with fresh bread. And the black caviar on top? LOVE!Panna cotta - a perfect way to end our meal. The texture and flavor of this panna cotta is... seductive. Yup - I said it. Seductive. You get one taste and you can't stop. At the end of our meal, Melissa was so polite and thanked us for stopping in and said we were the nicest couple in her section that night. Who doesn't love a compliment?? Service, food and ambiance are all excellent. 5 stars all around and I'm looking forward to returning soon. There were just too many things on the menu that peaked my interest! And the following day, I received a call from Bencotto. They called to thank us for dining with them. I thought that was a very nice touch. They've found a loyal patron in me!
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,11/26/2014,441,198,5,14,9>Mirror mirror on the wall, who's the fairest BabyDoll of them all? It's meeee, at least for the next 6 weeks. Laura squeezed me in for a BabyDoll Lash Lift after I begged for an appointment to fit in my frenetic travel schedule. She understood the sense of urgency conveyed over text and took me in on her day off. I really adore my lashes. I've gone through a few rounds of eyelash extensions, but in quoting the quintessential Sweet Brown - "Ain't nobody got time for dat". As my schedule veers on pandemonium and my age veers on senile, I'm looking for simple and low maintenance services in my eternal quest for the fountain of youth. I'm also adventurous and will always try the latest cosmetic services. The BabyDoll Lash Lift is the next generation eyelash perm. It was the perfect option to give my stick straight yet long lashes a semi-permanent boost that my Shiseido eyelash curler captures for an hour max (even after blasting it with the blowdryer). DIY Glam Squadders - you know what I'm talking about. If you've had eyelash perms, this is different. The eyelash perm is a curl and the lashlift is more of a 90 degree bend. You'll need to have some length to your lashes or it could look odd - but give it a try!
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/25/2014,28,44,8,16,11>ABSOLUTELY 5 stars!I purchased a deal for $38 2.5 hour cleaning with unlimited $15 cleans for the rest of the month. I wasn't expecting much, but hoped I would at least have my floors cleaned for $38, which was worth it to me.I was BLOWN AWAY by the job that Barbara did. She was so thorough and took her time to put things away and make everything tidy. She did things I didn't have to ask her to do (AWESOMENESS) and didn't leave until everything was spic and span. She worked quickly too. I will definitely be using them again and will recommend them to anyone and everyone I can. They do a great job at an excellent price. I had a company come out a month ago that charged me $150 for 3 hours and I had to re-clean when they left. That was not the case with this $38 clean and I couldn't be happier. Thank you Homejoy!! :)
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,11/24/2014,114,147,8,12,11>An oldie but goodie! First time I walked into this place I didn't look up, I had a few beers and that's it! After speaking to my co worker about the Aero being the largest whiskey collection in SD I thought... Really? Where? Ha ha those beers must of been strong! Duh! The entire wall to ceiling behind the bar! This is a laid back bar with great stiff drinks and a few great beer options. Any night is a goodnight to visit! Bartenders and customers are always cool. Love the jukebox and No drama. Parking sucks so take an Uber or Lyft since you shouldn't be driving after drinking here anyway!!
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,11/23/2014,257,95,26,31,32>My Beloved - uncharacteristically playing hooky from work - called me Wednesday mid-day and asked me to meet her for lunch. Funnily enough, I'd just parked in front of Island Style Café on Santo Road, having finished a job nearby and needing a bite to eat. My wife was downtown, and rather than drag her to Tierrasanta, I suggested Albie's Beef Inn, which, as it's located in Hotel Circle, was 15 minutes from each of us.We met in Albie's parking lot, which also accommodates guests of the Travelodge, and chuckled to each other about the unseemliness of a mid-day rendezvous at a hotel down by the freeway. Then we walked inside to whet our appetites. Inside Albie's, that is.The bar area was dark and carpeted and hung with the sort of painted nudes that used to come on trading cards. Your grandfather would have had the cards. He'd have hidden them from your grandmother and proudly shown them to his buddies. I found it sad that I wasn't shocked by the images or embarrassed for my wife, and noted that the world has gotten jaded and more difficult to offend, and I along with it. Then I thought: "What if these pictures are part of a clever plan to depress us, and make us drink?" We were seated in the dining room and greeted by Susie, our waitress. She was working alone and managed four tables efficiently. We reviewed the menus, and my wife quickly decided on breakfast for lunch: Carne Asada 'n  Eggs. I had trouble deciding between the Club and  Prime Rib Sandwiches, being inclined to order the beef, but suspecting that it might be thin slices of last night's leftovers. Susie returned and mentioned that we could order from Albie's dinner menu, too, which complicated the situation. I mentioned my dilemma and asked whether I'd get a better piece of meat if I ordered the dinner portion of prime rib. She surprised me by saying that the Sandwich was a better deal at $7 less than the dinner plate, the (open-faced) Sandwich being a single thick slice cut from the same roast, just bit smaller and with fries vs. twice-baked potato. I took her advice and ordered the Sandwich.Moments later, out came the salad cart with its chilled pewter-ish plates; large bowl of fresh, crisp greens; a second bowl filled with house-made bleu cheese dressing, and a warm bread basket. In some countries, this is a day's meal; at Albie's, it's just a tease.Soon after, lunch arrived, and bless my soul if Susie wasn't right: the Prime Rib Sandwich was a honkin' big chunk of medium-rare delight atop a thick slice of sourdough toast, accompanied by French fries; a thin horseradish sauce; a small gravy boat filled with very intensely-flavored au jus; and for grins, a lettuce leaf and sliced dill pickle. I off-loaded the green stuff, dipped my fries in left-over salad  dressing and tucked in to that beef as though it had pissed me off. The meat was tender, not tenderized, well-trimmed and served at just the right degree of doneness, and its juiciness was enhanced by drips of au jus and a touch of horseradish sauce, here and there. In another age, this was the lunch of businessmen and movie-stars.My wife's meal was good, too. She'd asked for her carne to be served medium-rare, and so it was. The meat was spiced but not spicy, and it wasn't over-salted or dry.Finally we finished, and Susie offered desserts: ice cream, a few cakes and the single house-made item, bread pudding, which, as she began to describe it, caught my attention... until she got to "sourdough". I can't imagine that a chef somewhere  thought that sourdough bread would taste good combined with custard and cinnamon, and though I suppose some people like it (or it wouldn't stay on the menu), it wasn't for me. We thanked Susie for her kind attention, paid the bill, and left.I've eaten at Albie's twice, once for dinner (and a drink at the bar) and now for lunch. I'm happy with the establishment, the service and the quality and portion of the meals they've served me. This isn't a hipster time machine. It is, however, a vestige of an earlier time, when people went to bars to drink and restaurants to eat, and mostly expected to be served, then left alone. Albie's does these things well.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,11/22/2014,288,129,9,12,9>Yog-art is the perfect place to reward your 3 year old for going potty in the toilet! Plus, it's a good excuse to have yogurt or Boba Tea for yourself.Yog-art offers about 8 different yogurt flavors. Depending on availability. Peanut Butter, Chocolate Custard, Strawberry, Tart, Salted Caramel, Heath Bar, and two others I cannot remember. All are good...although the Tart is my least favorite. But you might enjoy it. The selection of toppings is never ending...from Nuts, Chocolate Rocks, Fresh Fruit, M&M's, Boba, Fresh Lychee, ground graham crackers, and way more than I can remember.What is especially enticing for me, is that they provide board games while you enjoy your treat. You can choose to sit outside or inside. Although I'm not a huge fan of sitting immediately off University Ave., it can be entertaining to people watch. To each it's own!Yogurt is charged per ounce. The small Matcha Green Tea with Boba was $3.75. One yogurt $1.73, second yogurt $1.28. Total of $7.06 Making memories. Priceless!This location accepts VISA or MC, and of course cash. However, there is a $3 minimum on credit card charge.If you do not have the option of walking here from a friends apartment or house. You will have a difficult time finding a spot. Prepare to park in the residential area and walk 2 to 3 blocks. It's North Park, and like Hillcrest parking can be difficult.Enjoy!
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,11/21/2014,547,247,12,12,14>As a newly transplant to San Diego, one of the places I bookmarked before even moving down here was Phil's. 7500+ reviews, 4.5 rating.As the weekend rolled around and the GF visiting, we made our way here on Saturday afternoon. Parking was a breeze, with ample spots available. We made our way to the front of the restaurant and it was only then that we saw a line. Not too bad, considering previous reviews mentioning waiting up to an hour or two for a chance to eat here. That's not to say we wouldn't have waited.Come to think of it, waiting in line allowed us to peruse the menu and helped us decide what we wanted for lunch. Full Rack of Ribs Dinner for me, 1/2 Chicken Dinner for the lady.As we make our way into the restaurant, a 'hostess' greeted us and asked if it was our first time. We were both given Phil's stickers indicating our newbie status.Ordering was easy enough. We ordered, picked our sides, paid and got a buzzer. Roamed around the restaurant for a bit surveying the place for a table and then waited for our food. It couldn't have taken more than 10 mins or so for our buzzer to go off. And with that we were ready to dig in. The food was amazing. I'm not sure I would pick this over Bludsoe's in Compton, since Bludsoe's has more varieties of meats.The Full Rack of ribs were delicious. The dry rub, the BBQ sauce and the tender fall of the bone meat. Definite winner. And the sides were just as good. Macaroni Salad + Potato Salad. The Chicken, Fries + Cold Slaw the lady had was fantastic as well. We ended up only finishing 1/2 the rack of ribs and 1/2 of the chicken so we packed it all up for a little picnic at Mission Bay Park.Here's a little tip, that Creole Seasoning really does make everything taste better. As good as all the sides were, a dash of the seasoning really did infused more flavor into it. Can't recommend this enough. Definitely some of the best BBQ I've had.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,11/20/2014,143,279,4,11,7>OK i give up, they're awesome. Unlimited mimosas for $12 until 3pm! We got there right before 3 and they still hooked us up for another hour- seriously amazing service/awesome people to go along with the delicious food. FYI there's a significant list of some great local beers on tap. I had the chicken mango and didn't set my mouth on fire with a rouge chili this time haha. Very filling and the mango and jicama on top were SO nice!But really, get the chorizo fries- utter heaven. Lots of sauces with what seemed to be homemade chorizo in HUGE chunks and way more than one person could (should) eat haha. Great job Carlos and Damien!! Oh, not to mention the peanut butter truffles we had- just incredible!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,11/19/2014,285,281,12,14,11>Can't sleep....vegetables will get me...right now they are crowded in the refrigerator - and daring me to be healthy!Chun P. and I eat a LOT of fruit and vegetables, and so we decided to join Suzie's CSA.  When I tried to set it up for some reason the website wasn't working, so I called Wyndellen the friendly CSA Lady, and she got my request processed.  There's a CSA pickup spot on the way home from work so it's extra convenient.I ordered the big box, and HOLY HELL THAT'S A LOT OF PRODUCE!  All organic - artichokes, beets (with greens of course), crown broccoli, green garlic, heirloom spinach, rainbow chard, snap peas, kale, carrots, and strawberries. We've made kale pecan pesto, roasted beets, sautéed beet greens with green garlic, sesame oil and siracha; steamed artichokes, broccoli sautéed with sesame oil, braggs and topped with sesame seeds, spinach salads and I'll probably juice the carrots today. The strawberries were gone the first day!Joining the CSA is affordable - $30 for that giant box of organic produce is great!  And they discount if you buy more boxes so it could be quite cheaper.  But - this is not for the faint of heart.  If you're creative and love vegetables you will adore getting your CSA box each week (or every other).  Otherwise that many veggies may overwhelm you.  You could always just get a small box instead.Suzie's warns there may be a hitchhiker or two in your box, which means that yes, you may find a very hairy caterpillar! Be nice and put him outside in case you do.    Bonus - you can manage your CSA subscription on the website - and they hold your deliveries in case you go on vacation, which many other CSA's don't allow. It's definitely a perk!
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,10/4/2012,279,225,9,15,11>I love this place. I freaking love it. I love it so much I want to die.I came here with a friend of mine and we kind of decided to have a mini buffet because everything on the menu sounded amazing.But I gotta back up a bit.  We met Chef Keegan outside talking to one of his pastry chefs. I shook his HAND! OMG, maybe, just maybe I got some of his creative amazing pastry skills...okay sorry going off track again. Composure..PARKING:Ahem, there's an underground parking garage right next to DBar which is really convenient.  Apparently, it's 4 bucks after 6pm and you can park there for however long you want without any extra charge.  We didn't look for street parking, but I'm sure that is another option...although good luck with that one.ATMOSPHERE:The space is a lot bigger than I expected.  When I heard of D Bar I just imagined a small place but the space is really big, modern, and trendy.  I love the decor and especially the divider in the middle. I don't know why it just looks awesome. The white chairs add a nice pop too.SERVICE: We sat RIGHT at the end of the dessert bar side so we could see all the servers going back and forth to get the plates and all.  As well as the pastry chefs checking their tickets.  I liked watching it.  Our server was SUPER friendly and definitely fun to talk to throughout our meal.  She was patient with us and very helpful.FOOD:We sat at the bar and man I just love watching the pastry chefs work.  Such beautiful plates of food plated right before your eyes!  For food we ordered the crue fries, mac and cheese with tempura lobster, avos avos avos, and the southern fried belgian.  The fries are so good. I don't remember all the craziness that went on the fries, but it's just delicious.  The mac and cheese with the tempura lobster. Drool.    The mac sauce has lots of flavor. And the crispy top just makes it great with a textural component.  The tempura lobster added EVEN more (is that possible?) flavor and texture to the already delicious mac and cheese.Avos Avos Avos! YES! They take the humble avocado and prep it three different ways.  One wrapped in phyllo pastry, probably my favorite, super crispy on the outside, a slice of creamy avocado on the inside and I think it was a chipotle sauce underneath.  simply delicious.  They also had a fanned out avocado, super pretty dressed simply with olive oil and freshly cracked pepper (or at least that's what it looked like).  The olive oil is really light and adds a nice subtle note. You can tell it's high quality stuff they're using.  The last one is like an avocado dip.  It has some goat cheese (nice touch) and I think sriracha on top.  And they have some pita bread (I think) to go with it.  It has a nice flavor and has a spicy kick from the sriracha.Southern fried belgian: Definitely my first time eating a sandwich with waffles as the bread.  It was pretty tasty and the chicken was crispy and moist.  And it also comes with really delicious criss cut sweet potato fries, Yum!DESSERT:My favorite part! By the way, I was extremely full at this point and dying, but it's okay, there's another stomach for dessert, you know?We got the Pucker Up Souffle and the Tasting of Chocolate.Heh it was cool to watch them pop our souffles in the oven and watch them come out piping hot, all nice and tall and put them on the plate :)Tasting of Chocolate: The manjari cremeux, on the menu it said "creme anglaise + chocolate" And if this is what happens when you put those two things together, I want!  It was like super thick, chocolate pudding. Or kind of reminds me of a creamier pot de creme.  Anywhoos, it was delicious.  The chocolate souffle with the chocolate sauce poured in, to DIE for.  Light airy, so good! And the chocolate with cherries reminded me of fudge, which was good but I liked the other two components of the dessert more.Pucker Up Souffle: Lemon souffle.  Light, creamy, definitely more custardy than the chocolate one.  I felt like I could ALMOST taste the egg, but the lemon flavor gets in the way and is a nice contrast.  The lemon curd beignets are pretty good too.  Watch out for leaking lemon curd when you bite into it.  And the beignets are wonderful. crispy on the outside with a nice soft texture inside.  The strawberry sorbet + the creme fraiche ice cream are kind of swirled into one, but they worked well together. Despite the strawberry portion being sorbet it almost feels like ice cream, a very creamy sorbet.  It was very good and a great cool contrast to the hot souffle and warm beignets.Um, is there a word limit on these Yelp reviews? Would you even read a review this long? Here's a summary for those of you who didn't read all of this.SUMMARY: AMAZING. GO.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,10/3/2012,189,96,9,10,9>A group of friends and I were invited to try out Red Light District, tasting menu style.   The décor marries understated, low lit sensuality with the expansiveness of RLD's well-windowed, corner location.  In the heart of downtown without imparting a sensation of sensory overload, the restaurant is set up with an open floor plan to accommodate diners and imbibers with equal ease.  Resist the urge to jump on the well-polished bar countertop for a jig or a slide and instead order a cocktail.   A ginger lover to the endth degree, I enjoyed the Green Light.  The Stamped Strawberries seemed an odd combination at first, with the smokiness of the Mezcal blanketing the sweet and tart flavors of the other ingredients.  But, the end result left the palate intrigued.Onto the food.  While I am traditionally an entrée kind of gal, the tasting menu offered us the opportunity to experience a broad array of RLD's delicacies, something which may otherwise require multiple trips, paychecks and a balloon dress for ease of continued noshing.-House bread - jalapeño cornbread-amuse-bouches - potato spoon and a shot of starch based soup - potato leek, I believe-composed melon and mint salad-the rock shrimp and lobster tempura-duck three ways-duo of prime meats and potato-chocolate buchonThe house bread was fantastic.  I love carbs and few things makes me happier than a bread basket or a re-imagined carb offering at the beginning of a meal.  The jalapeños had just the right amount of kick, although it should be noted I have the spice tolerance of a bowl of plain white rice.  The amuse-bouches were a nice touch - the potato spoon bite was not inspiring but the soup shot was a perfect balance of creaminess that left me discreetly licking the interior of the shot glass for every last slurp.The main courses were superb - each meat was tender and packed with flavor.  The duck was positively decadent.  The only item which left me (and several of my fellow diners) cold was the melon salad.  While an interesting concept, it simply didn't fit the evening's comfort food theme.  Red Light District appears to excel in richer fare - both diners and chefs would be wise to lean into that strong suit.The one area for improvement is their customer service.  The restaurant was rather empty, save for a few couples and one other group, and yet there was an extensive wait time for the food.  The server appeared frazzled and it was often difficult to flag her down for assistance.  Considering both the competitive nature of the downtown restaurant market and the higher price point of RLD's offerings, this arena will likely be a make or break point for their success.Here's hoping for a win - I've been thinking dirty thoughts about that duck.....
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,10/2/2012,227,758,12,19,15>Fiancé and I dined at Urban last week for the 4 year anniversary of our becoming a couple, and our wonderful late dinner experience is certainly worthy of a quick review update.We came to dinner with a $50 Restaurant.com gift certificate (minimum purchase of $100 required and 18% gratuity added pre-discount).  The neat thing about the $50 certificate compared to the restaurant's $25 certificate is that pretty much anything goes--Happy Hour, specials, promotions, alcoholic beverages, no day or time restrictions.  We ordered 2 Happy Hour appetizers, 2 dinner entrees, 2 chocolate desserts from the tray selection, and some drinks and enjoyed everything.A big thank you to Urban's staff for the great anniversary dinner and for being so kind as to comp one of our desserts!
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,10/1/2012,656,263,11,19,15>The last time I was here was back in 1993. One of my long-time friends took me here. Our conversation went something like this:Grace: Hey. I'm picking you up and taking you to this place called Extraordinary Desserts. They have this cake called the Blood Orange Ricotta. It's supposed to be amazing. My treat.Me: Um, sure.Cashier: Okay, so we have one hot chocolate, one cup of coffee, and 2 slices of cake. That'll be $18.Me to Grace: $18!!?!?! For dessert?? You said your treat...right, friend? That was a lot of money back in the early 90s...just sayin'. Today that would've been a steal and although times and prices have changed, one thing's for certain: the quality of their desserts has not wavered. Hubs and I waited about 30 minutes in line on a Saturday night. Not too bad and standard for this popular late night spot. What we had: Pink Hot Chocolate, Passion Fruit Ricotta Cake, Banana Creme Tart, and a glass of their Rose Lemonade. The lemonade is infused with a rose/lemon syrup and very refreshing. Everything was divine. No complaints here except from the hubby who bitched about the prices. Eh, can't win 'em all.s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com…Definitely a spot to go to when it's diet cheat day and in need of a sugar overload!
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,9/30/2012,275,158,2,5,2>The best dog walking business for sure!I have two Pomeranians and a new Shiba Inu puppy. I have been bringing my Pomeranians to Kristin at Paws to Pavement to walk for a few months now and I just added my Shiba Inu in the mix.Kristin has been the most reliable dog walker that I have done business with. She is always on time and my dogs love her. I am glad that I found Kristin to help me with my dogs while I am at work or out of town. She is a sweetheart and my dogs really enjoy her company and her dog Teddy's company.I HIGHLY recommend her to anyone that needs their dogs walked when they're not able to do it on their own.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,9/29/2012,422,258,4,11,4>Tucked away in the back of a light industrial park is a world-class kitchen serving up some of the tastiest bites you'll have wrapped in pastry and puffs.Deli SA has been here for a few years, and is starting to get the recognition it deserves.  Their meat pies are outstanding, their sausages are amazing, and the owners are some of the nicest people you'll meet.We recently worked with them to set up a special tasting session outside their office/kitchen, and they were absolutely wonderful.  Not only was the food delicious, they went out of their way to set up a tent and tables for us and give us a sampling of a variety of their wares.I  hope to be back sometime on a Friday when they have fish & chips on the menu, or even better, to coordinate for a catered event for more of my friends.
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,9/28/2012,261,905,10,8,5>Double Duece is your typical midwestern ho-down joint. If I was blindfolded and randomly taken here, I would definitely think I was somewhere on Garnet St. in PB. If you're looking for a classy nightclub, this is not the place for you.Pros:- Friendly and attentive bartenders. If you get drinks in the main bar near the entrance, you'll be greeted by cheerful down to earth ladies who are more than happy to pour you a drink. No attitude, no snobs, no rush. In the bull room, it's a bit worse but still better than what I've seen at other places.- If you check in, you get a free specialty drink. This drink tastes like fruit punch and has a very slight hint of alcohol that is barely discernible, but hey, it's free!- The almighty mechanical bull. This is the star attraction at Double Duece and hands down my favorite part of it. Pay $5, sign a waiver, and wait about 30 min before your number is called. You're then taken on a head spinning rodeo to see how long you can last. You get two tries, so make the best of them. I lasted about a minute each time (that's what she said), but it turned out to be the best minute of the night. It's quite the adrenaline rush. For guys, they'll just spin you around until you fall off. For girls, though, the operator likes to shake the bull up and down to make certain attractive parts of the body jiggle up and down. If you're showing enough skin like the trashy slut right before me did, you might get the spotlight on you and a special tribute with the "Thong Song" or "Baby Got Back."Cons:- The crowd is a bit...trashy. Lots of "bros," "Woooo! girls" (How I Met Your Mother reference), and creepers. Random dudes trying to rub up on the girls in our group when no one was even dancing or when the girls were grinding on each other. I guess this is a place where being desperate is the norm.- Pretty expensive drinks compared to other bars. $6 for a Dos Equis, $8 for a Patron shot. Not over the top but you can definitely find cheaper in Gaslamp.- Cover always blows. $10 to get in last time. Apparently there's a guy on 5th St. giving out stamps for free entrance, but I met up with my group too late to seek him down.In conclusion, get drinks somewhere else, let it seep into your system, and then come here just to ride the bull. You won't regret it.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,9/27/2012,198,283,5,9,10>My friends.The ceviche here is out of this world. I've yet to find a place in the good 'ol US of A that can come close to challenging the ceviche I've had in Peru, but this one makes for a pretty good contender. Amazingly fresh fish and shrimp, cilantro, onions, tomatoes, and cucumbers doused with a generous portion of limes. All atop a very thick and crispy tostada that doesn't get soggy from all the juice! So simple but it works. We ordered some tacos and the shrimp cocktail, but I only had eyes for this. And mouth, apparently. And at $5, you bet I'll be coming here every week once I move down here.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/26/2012,221,407,5,9,8>(4.5 stars, really - I'm rounding up)For the longest time I didn't want to visit this place. After all, this is the restaurant that took over the space occupied by one of my favorite restaurants in San Diego. It's sort of like your parents splitting up and your dad dating a new woman - you instantly don't want to like her because she's taking the place of your mom. And then you wind up meeting her and wouldn't you know - she's awesome!Well, that's exactly what Babbo's is for me. I didn't want to like it, but I fell in love anyway.First up is the overall atmosphere. If you've been here when it was Gulf Coast, it was a darker space. It's been renovated amazingly well, with a much brighter and jovial feel to the place. Gone are the old TVs and replaced by a rather nice flat screen. Gone are the hightops in the bar area, replaced by a bar area that faces out onto the world. The one thing that I didn't like was the wire enclosure around the patio area - like Lockdown - Babbo's.Then you meet Lynn. If there's a nicer, friendlier, more welcoming restaurant GM on the planet I don't know who that person would be. She greeted everyone as if they were family, with a huge smile and a hug for the regulars. She talked me through the menu, even suggesting a few "upgrades".I went for the crepes diane, subbing goat cheese for the regular combo. My wife went for the paisano frittata. Both dishes were awesome. My only small complaints were the presentation on the crepes (that was an awful lot of brown and yellow - could have used some greenery or fruit on the plate), and the fact that it was served with toast - the toast just did not fit. That aside, the dish itself was amazing if just a bit too heavy to finish.This place probably doesn't deserve all 5 stars, but the items that I'm critical about aren't going to change the fact that I intend on going here as often as possible.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,9/25/2012,498,437,6,10,9>Review is for HAPPY HOUR, though I'm sure their dinner menu is equally as good. Ok now seriously, HOW HAVE I NOT BEEN HERE FOR HAPPY HOUR BEFORE?? I used to live 2 minutes WALKING distance from here! It's probably because I wasn't a yelper then. =pSo based on that, you can probably assume that my experience at this place was top of the line. On happy hour and bar menu, EVERYTHING was half off. They have happy hour EVERYDAY from 4 to 7. They have an extensive cocktail menu and decent amount of bar food to choose from. 3 hours seriously was not enough time.Well, that and my belly could only handle so much food and drinks. LYCHEE MARTINI, ACAI MARTINI, and RASPBERRY MARTINI- All tasted amazing and seriously if I wasn't driving, I would have gotten more. Lychee Martini was my favorite!CRABCAKE SLIDERS- They seriously cake on the crab on that crabcake. It was my favorite order of the night! 3 piecesOther amazing orders: - Wildwest BBQ Shrimp- engorged in an amazing sauce with bread. 6 to 8 pieces.  - Parmesan Fries- delicious and it came with a butter mustard type sauce. - Baja Ceviche- Another one of my favorites. Fish and shrimp ceviche with salty and crispy chips to scoop it up with. All orders are widely generous and delicious. Waitresses and waiters are nice and love to joke with you. I suggest sitting outside if you're looking for some quality catch up time as it gets loud inside. If you're lucky you may catch the firepit outside to sit at with a big group. One of my favorite happy hour spots for sure! I can't wait to come back!
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,6/9/2011,594,225,42,28,28>How teh bf and I spent our 6 month anniversary...Bf: So I was thinking of taking you fishing for our anniversary...Me:  FISHING!  Oh wow!  All my exbfs usually bought me Coach bags (hint: amazon.com/exec/obidos/A…) or took me out to really expensive romantic dinners (double hint: theoceanaire.com/Home.as…) for our anniversaries, but you, Lovebug, are always so good about making our relationship exciting!  Swoooonnnn...Bf: Um, great.  Well, let me look into it.  *Both look at H&M Landing's website*Me: Wow, they have  1/2 day, 3/4 day and multi-day trips.  Maybe we can do a multi-day one!  Wouldn't it be romantic just hanging out on a boat together?Bf: Well, you may not like fishing and you might get seasick so why don't we just start you off w/ a  1/2 day trip and see how you like that?Me: Why wouldn't I like fishing?  And, hellloooo?  I just came back from a 10 day cruise remember?!?  I can TOTALLY handle being on a boat.  God, it's like you think I'm some sort of PRINCESS who can't handle anything.Bf:  No, that's not what I meant...here, let's just do the  1/2 day and if you like it I'll take you fishing again.Me: Ok.  :)*Bf and I go out at sea*Me: OMG!  This is so amazing!  We're totally going to do this again!!*ten minutes later*Me: OMG!  I feel so seasick! We're NEVER going to do this again!!Bf: Well, I hope you can hold out b/c we've got 4 more hours left on this boat.Me: Wtf?!?!  $%^&@!!!!Yes, our fishing trip was eventful to say the least, but definitely not in the way that I thought it was going to be.  The tossing and turning of the boat made my stomach start tossing and turning.  The bf was laughing at me the whole time.  Jackass.The H&M guys were great and were always nearby to help whenever someone caught a fish or had a line get tangled up.  At the end of the day we caught 2 rock cod, which we cooked up the next day.  yelp.com/biz_photos/j1Q8…It was awesome to catch my 1st fish, but next time I'd prefer to just go to Oceanaire and "catch" my seafood there instead.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,6/8/2011,432,198,20,7,10>It's B-B-B-Been awhile since I last wrote a review. Give me a B-B-B-Break, I've B-B-Been B-B-Busy B-B-B-Bitches! haha jk!Came here with my roomie Chris "Chan" (christiang.yelp.com) to pick up some food. Came here right after I found out my car was smashed into by a drunk driver while it was parked. I was a tad bit depressed so I knew getting down on something fatty would cheer me up...yes getting down on something fatty, not getting down on some fatty. There's a big difference there!Looking over the menu, I was torn between getting a sandwich or a burger. I decided on going with a burger and had every intention on coming back to try the sandwiches.GOOD:- Portion sizes(stack'em high!) - Quality meats- Tots (get your own TOTS! *napolean dynamite voice*)- Owner is pretty coolBAD:- Didn't get to let the beast out. (talking about my appetite)- Took our food TO-GO. (wish we stayed to chit chat with the owner)UGLY:- that parking lot sucks B-B-Balls- Ran into this dudes ugly Yelper Face. He's everywhere! albertw.yelp.comWith a good selection of menu items, I will definitely B-B-Be Back!!(yes the "B's" may have been a lil corny....B-B-But who cares!!!!!)ok...I'll stop now.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,6/7/2011,376,293,10,13,12>Another one of Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives off my checklist!  WooOooHooOo!We orderd the Angus Beef Burger and Turkey Burger during Happy Hour which was about half off their normal prices of $5 and up, depending on the toppings and meat.Big and juicy!!  You gotta go to the condiment bar for salt, pepper, mayo, mustard, etc.  However, I liked it fine without any extras.  Beef was flavorful and very savory.  We ordered it medium and it wasn't that pink, but I still liked it a lot.  4/5Turkey had a sweet sauce and grilled onions, I believe.  Too sweet for my liking and the flavor was really unexpected so that kinda threw me off and got my tastebuds all disoriented.  2.5/5The reason I kept this place at 4 stars is because I love the exotic options.  They don't call this place 'crazee' for nothing!  And their service is quick and friendly!Craving for ostrich?  Gator?  Or even kangaroo?!  Check this spot out, be a lil daring and try the unusual burgers.  I will be back for some antelope!!  RAWR
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,6/6/2011,414,404,14,11,10>Step 1: Find coworkerStep 2: Ask coworker if (s)he wants to grab lunchStep 3: Ask Coworker WHAT (s)he wants to grab for lunchStep 4: Ignore coworker and go to pho ca dao. Man I love this place.  So soupy and noodley.  My out of country coworker (he's from China) said he really liked it too.  His response was, "I think you have Chinese taste in food.  This is very good"  Yum!Oh and can I say where the heck did all that STUFF come from?  They have a HUGE fish tank now.  Well... not HUGE HUGE but still at least 50 gallons
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,6/5/2011,327,136,11,14,12>Driving.. Driving.. getting closer... I think to myself, "Self... I don't think it's here where all of these factories are." I keep looking and there it is! Right smack dab in the middle of nowhere. I almost... left.... almost.. but I took a chance and I'm glad that I did. Okay, right when you walk in.. straight up... there's nothin fancy goin on here because their main focus is good food and customer service. The waitress seated us and she asked if it was our first time. I said it was the first time and she was super nice giving us a little background on the place and even provided some recommendations. It's a new business and you can really tell that everyone especially the cook is extremely passionate about the food.We went ahead and ordered the Ahi Poke, Toro Sashimi, and the Trinity Roll. Waiting and waiting.. dayum they hooked us up with some free gyoza! Score! It was a crispy wonton with seasoned meat inside and was delicious with tangy dipping sauce. Next, came the ahi poke which was very fresh and delicious! I tried Toro for the first time and it was interesting because it's basically the fat of fish but.. it was good! Next, the trinity roll.. which I REALLY really liked.Got the check.. and noticed that we got some of the items for half off and no charge for the gyoza. WOW! They are super nice here and the food is delish.. I dream of the Trinity roll at night. (Not kidding)Would I come back.. yes!
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,6/3/2011,227,758,23,24,23>Hi Neighborhood, I gave you 4 stars originally, didn't I?PB&J.  Yeah, I can make it just as good at home in a pinch, but whatever.  Neighborhood's yummy peanut butter and jelly sandwich dish--and it's loaded with strawberry slices to boot--was just what I wanted during my most recent trip to Neighborhood a couple Sundays ago.Neighborhood Burger.  The perfect mix between a simplistically delicious burger and that little-something-extra kind of burger.  My medium-rare patty was delicious and ultra-juicy.Same pleasant service and knowledgeable employees.Neighborhood gets 5 stars.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,6/2/2011,656,263,13,15,15>Burgers. Fries. Shakes. Deliciousness. Wait time can be ridiculous even when you get there as soon as they open...chances are, others will have the same idea as was the case when we went. It's probably best to order to go so you can be out the door and on your merry way. Decor is beachy and casual as depicted by the "No shoes, no shirt, no problem!" sign. Chill atmosphere and cool service...love it!Hubs and I split a burger and they brought it out to us all pretty and in separate containers. The milkshake was a beast with a monster scoop of ice cream dangling precariously on the edge of the tin cup. THE best milkshake I've ever had in my life, I might add. Thanks for a great meal Hodad's!
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,6/1/2011,280,432,16,16,17>We came here one drunken Friday with some friends.  I had been here before with some vegetarians, but needed to give it the sober test to make a more accurate decision.  She: You just missed happy hour.Me: So now it's unhappy hour?She: (laughing) It's from 3-7, so maybe next time.The staff is very friendly.We started with an order of fresh spring rolls.  I like the fact that you get 4 instead of the usual two cut in half. We ordered garlic pepper with chicken and spicy noodles with chicken.  She didn't ask about heat, and I think with the noodles they gave us #3.  Yeah, we're wimps, but all I know was that I broke out in a sweat, so maybe it was higher.  Good dish with broccoli and red and green bell peppers. The garlic pepper was a bit of a surprise.  The chicken was lightly breaded and sauteed.  But thank God it wasn't deep fried.  Good garlic flavor and the fresh cucumber slices were nice.On the drunken night, we had ordered panang curry with chicken and green curry with chicken.  The green was really spicy, but very good.  They were generous with the chicken in both dishes, a plus! since there were four hungry drunktards. They also serve nice big bowls of rice and offer more if you need it.  Some places wait for you to ask.  When I was here with the vegetarians, I had the mock duck, which was interesting, but good.  I think it's funny that the mock foods cost just as much as the real thing no matter where you go.Overall, it's a very pleasant place to eat.  Parking can be a real b!@tch though.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,5/31/2011,894,543,12,16,15>It's super hard to decide what kind of Italian places to go eat especially when you are in La Jolla. Well recently in the past month I have gone to 3 different ones and here is my take. I really enjoy Osteria Romantica. The bread comes warm and is kind of a rustic ciabatta bread. It comes with a marina dipping sauce that has a little bit of heat to it. I had the shrimp and mushroom pasta. For $13.95 you get ALOT of food. I was able to spread this pasta out to 3 meals. They give you 3 large shrimp, lots of zucchini, and mushrooms all in a yummy red sauce that isn't too heavy. The angel hair pasta is cooked perfectly. We also had the salmon vodka bowtie pasta. that is also around $13.95. The Vodka sauce isn't the greatest and I didn't taste any vodka but the sauce was good nonetheless. It was a light tomato sauce and the salmon wasn't overly cooked. The waiters here are actually Italian! They accents are real! It helps also that they are mighty fine looking!!!! OOO LA LA!The water was also refilled without us asking. The portions are pretty big here. You can request to have a kids portion which is about 1/3 the size of the adult portion for about half the price. Here is my ranking of italian restaurants in LJ#1 Osteria Romantica#2 Piatti#3 La Dolce Vita
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,5/29/2011,71,70,16,12,9>I needed to get a shirt hemmed. A very nice shirt that always fit big. Took it into "All American Tailors", and I was greeted by some very lovely Russian ladies. Very strong accents, but I was able to negotiate my needs and a good price. Of course I needed to be measured....Oh did I need to be measured. One of the ladies came from behind the counter. "Stick up aaarms", she said. "oh-oh right." I said staring at the dress that looked like a doily sewn to a granny bra. She unrolled the measuring tape and got to work. This was great I thought , she was taking her time aaaaand she kept dropping one side of the tape; which kept leading to a "faulty" measurement. It was SOOO unfortunate,... she had to constantly wrap her arms around me to reach the tape again. She was of course apologetic with a smile. This was my kind of tailor.... Final she pulled away with the tape. "Da I tink I got meeshurement." She said. "I don't know". I replied looking at her uncertainly. "I think I exhaled on that last one." as I nodded. Without a second thought she softly said, "Da...Da...we trrry again." She got to work once again and pulled the same measurement after the third try. She was very thorough. "When you need shhhurt?" She asked. "Next week would be good." I said. Sure enough it was ready in a week. Plus the shirt looked great! I could tell that "All American Tailor" altered my shirt with love from Mother Russia. I'll be back. I might have a pair of Speedo's laying around, that desperately need tailoring. Highly recommend this place, they are very gentle.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,11/24/2013,587,1463,12,10,8>Mia rocks and so do the tots. The crab tots. Dont be a cheap ass. Get them. Theyre like miniature crab cakes deep fried in tot form. Also get that monkey bread with the balsamic vinegar and olive oil dip. That was also pretty good but next time Im not sharing. Im getting my own.The other happy hour items were ok. Id say the only thing that I wasn't a fan of were the chicken sliders. Just wasnt into the flavor but its a pretty good sized slider so if youre hungry, order it. The tuna tacos with the wasabi kick were just ok. Tiny but theres four of them !A friend and I came here on a slow weeknight for happy hour. There were maybe two other tables and the place was surprisingly really quiet. I was expecting it to be a lot busier but oh well, whatever. Got to talk to Mia more since she wasn't overwhelmed with tables and we told her that we'd come back for brunch or something.This review is only for happy hour. Ive never been here for dinner. Just lunch and brunch. That's it. I remember that it was $10 for bottomless mimosas during brunch. Good deal.3.5 stars really but I'll round up to 4.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,11/23/2013,395,192,4,7,7>My law firm uses Regus (occupier of the 10th floor) for its office space and I couldn't be happier.  I sit next to a huge window that looks out on Petco park, the green space where they traditionally hold the beer garden, and a mini-shot of the city facing the Marina District.  East Village has risen supremely in my estimation since I started frequenting the Diamond View tower.  If you are looking for office space for your small business I would highly recommend Regus. This is the building where "Fit" is. There's a parking structure in the building and great showers in the locker room. If you work & work out at Diamond View, then what a great one-stop shop.Also, weddings on the roof.  The Ultimate Skybox is available to be rented for birthdays or Christmas parties, so it's worthwhile to check it out for a day or evening event.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,11/22/2013,72,94,6,17,6>This is an awesome trail in San Diego's Mission Trails regional park.This is the highest point in San Diego county and offers a spectacular 360 degree view. The hike is certainly worth the effort! From the base of the mountain to the top is approximately 1.5 miles, so a 3 mile round trip up and down. You will see just about every skill level on the mountain from little kids to athletic guys/girls running up the mountain. So if you're not sure if you can do it or not just know that there are 5 year old's doing it! There is a small parking lot at the base of mountain but it's usually pretty busy so you have to park on the street, sometimes quite far away (but you're here to work out anyways so suck it up!) Bottom line, this is San Diego, get OUT of the gym and go OUTSIDE to this beautiful trail!
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,11/21/2013,437,748,7,10,9>I always thought I didn't like cheesecake. Until I gave it a second chance... turns out I've just been depriving myself with that thought.Small little shop with a couple of cute little tables and chairs that look like it was made for tea time. Me and my friends ordered a couple of slices to share and they were all delicious! Even the normal one!We got the naughty kula (coffee with coconut), peanut butter, banana, original and a chocolate one. I loved how they were slightly chilled and the texture was a perfect creamy and rich. The prices wasn't that bad for good cheesecake. I think $3.75 a slice. Overall, I know where to come back to if I'm craving.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,11/20/2013,138,110,6,6,6>This place has some bomb ass burgers. Just be forewarned though, they are messy. Not your average kind of messy either, I'm talking thirteen napkins, sauce running down your chin, stains on your clothes messy... Definitely worth it though!These burgers are not for the faint of heart. So juicy and full of flavor!!Our waitress, Kristin I think her name was? She was amazing! She was super helpful, funny, and sweet! Great customer service!Everything about this place is right. I love it!
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,11/19/2013,19,119,10,14,8>Glad to see another restaurant in Golden Hill. This Community needs it and I hope it stays for good. Exquisite Russian-Georgian menu (even a paper copy you can take home)! Awesome (funny) staff too! The decor is absolutely fun to ogle over. I had the Beef Stroganov that was so yummy! And the Turkish coffee?!?! ZiiiiiiiiiiiNG! I'm pretty sure I felt my lashes growing it was that strong. BUT I LOVE STRONG COFFEE. I'm definitely coming back for more and more and more! Parking is easy on 25th or on Broadway (for free). It's not always packed, but enjoy that while you can, because it's that good and surely the word will spread like FiiiiiYaH!
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,11/18/2013,352,196,3,3,3>Came here with an appointment for 4 pedicures and 3 gel manicures. Our appointment started promptly on time which was great. They have a TON of colors and brands to choose for regular nail polish and gel polish.The nail techs were all really nice and up to talk to you. They have great hand and feet massages here! Oh wow!  Pretty long too. The gel polish, as you may have read, last really long. And they do! I had mine on for about 2 weeks and 4 days, but then I really needed to take them off. I don't live near La Jolla so I went to my normal nail place and it took a really long time. In the past, I would chip off my gel polish by myself, but this time it was nearly impossible. My reg nail salon said there was a lot of gel polish piled on, and it was really unhealthy for my nails. Four weeks after my initial gel polish with Nails 2000, and my nails are really brittle and weak, which kinda sucks.They guarantee a free touch up if your nails chip within 2 weeks of initial application which is awesome, but unneeded because, like you've read, their gel polish is gnarly (in a positive way).If I could get the gel polish off easier and it didn't make my nails feel like tissue paper, I'd rate it 5 stars, but I couldn't come here for my gel polish regularly.Don't be shy to ask for nail designs too! They're all very talented and creative :)
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,11/17/2013,491,894,3,7,6>Italian blood in my body made me take notice to the name on the sign when I was driving through the neighborhood one afternoon!Today was the opening day and I just had to go in and check it out.This is a great spot to meet a friend, grab a bite to eat before hitting the shops up the street, sit quietly watching the passersby, or to work on your laptop without a lot of disruptions. The menu is coffee, amazing sounding panini's, if I remember correctly some kind of smoothie set up, and of course pastries galore. Employees are all friendly and speak Italian to one another, a huge plus for authenticity in my book. Piacere Mio is the best new spot that has opened up in a while.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,11/16/2013,158,190,4,7,5>The best neighborhood meat market! You can't beat their wide selection of fresh meats, including kurobuta pork and prime steaks, as well as other prepared items like their amazing wild boar sausage and thick-cut bacon (mmm, bacon ...). The butchers are always helpful and more than happy to suggest different cuts of meat, and cut/de-bone whatever you pick up. The prices may be a little bit higher than other markets, but worth it for their superior products. They have a great selection of beers (in a whole walk-in refrigeration room!), wines, sauces/seasonings, and desserts (Julian pies, premium ice cream and gelato). The fresh produce is limited but sufficient. If you want quality meats, step away from those "other" grocery stores, and make your way to Iowa Meat Farms--just look for the cow statue in the front!
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,11/15/2013,220,407,5,7,7>Why haven't I been here sooner?  Everything was delicious, the decor is like being in someone's living room and the service was perfect.  Oh, and the prices are very reasonable for a more fine dining experience.  Came here with a girlfriend and we went all out:  We started with the brussels sprouts with balsamic reduction...I don't know what's with brussels sprouts being the hot new veggie, but I like it.  They were sort of sweet and tangy, good portion size.  We shared the lamb meatballs that come with feta, pine nuts and gnocchi.  OMG.  These are amazeballs.  Tender lamb, very well seasoned and I love the pine nuts.  It adds a nice texture.  The gnocchi were perfect little fluffy bites served with a chimichurri sauce and broccolini.  For $23 (4 meatballs), this was an amazing dish!  We also tried the short ribs with mashed potatoes and it was SO tender a flavorful.  For dessert our server talked us into the mini banana cream pie.  It's served in a little graham cracker tart-type of crust with crispy salted plantains.  Those plantains put the dish over the top.  The salt balanced it out perfectly.   Kudos to the chef and our wonderful server (not sure of her name, tall girl with brown hair).  Can't wait to return!
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,1/9/2012,489,320,18,21,23>Vegan FAST FOOD ??! Are my eyes deceiving me ??? O.OMust.try.nowLocation:You can easily drive pass this place. Thanks Google maps ! It's right next door to an italian eatery and Extraordinary Desserts. There's a small parking lot available, which is a plus, because you know finding parking on the street in this neck of the woods can be a BEOtch. Service:Must have been our lucky day. We were first in line ! Woot !Female cashier (all smiles) was attentive and took our order almost immediately. She could tell I was a noobs right off the bat with my curious and wandering eyes. Step 1: Order up front (btw drive-thru is available) and payStep 2: You either wait for your name to be called and pick-up your order or sit outside in the patio for it to be served. We decided to check out the patio since we weren't sure how long the wait would be.But, literally within just a few minutes our food was done !!! Now that's what I call FAST FOOD !!!Note to self: 'Raw food' menu items are already pre-made in the fridge up front. Apparently, they don't make those to order ??? So just grab what you want and go. Desserts and drinks are also available.Food:- South of the Border Burger w/ guac., salsa, and jalapenos - $5.95 - burger patty was just okay (not great). Needed more flavor imo.- Raw Tacos - $6.50 - Small portion, but surprisingly filling. The nut (protein-mix) was delish !!! (I think I can duplicate this recipe)- Daily Greens organic juice - $6.95 - Refreshingly good. A little too tart, but this alone can count as a meal for your daily intake of greens !!!Verdict:Yes, it's yummy ! Yes, it's good for you ! Yes, it's a much better alternative to your typical american fast food diet. Yes, it's environmentally friendly..and YES it's 100% vegan friendly !But... nothing about our order really knocked our socks off or made us want to crave for this food again. I honestly could have made a similar meal (if not better) at home at a fracton of the price. =(So why a generous 4 STARS ? I LOVE the positive message behind Evolution Fast Food ! I'm all about healthy living and giving back to the community and the environment. So kudos to them for that !So just like my unsuccessful first dates, I am willing to give them a second chance.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,1/8/2012,339,107,11,9,9>I wonder if there is a dumpling-inn anonymous (DNA)? If so i really need some help from them. If no place exists im cool with someone lying about it and ill bring some folding chairs to your place and well have a mini intervention for me about this place. Then after I convince you this place is heaven on earth, we end the intervention and go to dumpling in to eat dinner. It'll be fun I promise, and plus there are way more worse cults out there for you to join :). I do have to admit I did eat here so much in the last month just to become a duke, but now after getting dukedom, i want to eat here so much to create my own category. It will be a little tombstone on your profile signifying that there is no way in hell you could have eaten here so many times and lived to tell the story, so we at yelp assume it killed you...keep on yelping!
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,1/7/2012,117,104,31,20,13>if you're a fan of old saggy balls, this is the place for you!(too graphic? ok, lemme try again...)if you're a fan of dense jungle brush-tripods that make elephant sounds, then this place is DEFINITELY for you!oops! but in all seriousness, if you're a fan of pristine beach coastline, and you're down to enjoy all of its natural beauty au naturale style, you've gotta check out Black's Beach.the main entrance is located just a stone's throw south of the Glider Port.  a long, steep staircase leads you down to the garden of eden aka Richard Simmon's personal playground.going down the steps, you might not think there are any naked people down there, but as soon as you make a right around that corner then...BAM! get ready to see some CLAMS!...which is exactly what my hot bod female companion and i were "thrust" upon with as soon as we passed by this group of girls...i mean this mutant clam (it was mutant cause it looked like it had a thick coat of grizzly bear fur around it), literally attacked us as we walked by.  all i saw was it opening up and making a "wooooooo!" sound.  needless to say, my fight or flight instincts kicked in, and i promptly ran for safety.naked volleyballers and naked freeballers traffic this beach, and serene looking gliders fall softly from the skies like a feather in a breeze's embrace.  speaking of a breeze's embrace, the summer wind stirs love in the air, as i was happy to witness a female glider land gracefully near us and a very friendly beach goer rush to aid her in putting away her parachute.i remember thinking to myself, "wow there are really some friendly people out here!", as i watched that old man's pubes sway and rustle in that gentle breeze.well, my friend and i found a nice spot between some couples/mixed gender groups, and we 'disrobed'.  we enjoyed the warm sun on our usually sun-less nether-regions, and then decided to frolick in the pacific ocean's rhythmic ebb & flow.  to our surprise, an ebb & flow of another kind seemed to be taking place between the couple a few feet next to us.  aww, summer love.after a free-spirited day at the beach, it was time to pack up our stuff and make the grueling hike up the cliff.  make sure to pack yourself a bottle of water and take your sweet time - your thighs and lungs will definitely appreciate it.one word of caution however for people going to Black's Beach.  in the parking lot there are some creepers that will literally drive around slowly to pick up on chicks or at least pet themselves discreetly as women walk to their cars.  gross!
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,1/6/2012,280,432,15,22,14>Company in town...where to go?  Holiday weekend means everyone and their mother and father will be out and about.  Me: Let's take her to Sushi DeliAs we drove up, at 8:45, they were closed.  WTH???  Well, it is Sunday, and they are open during the day.  No wonder RK was crowded.Me:  Why don't we try that hole in the wall on Fort Stockton?Hoping they weren't closed or closing early, we parked.  Come to find out they close at 1 am!  Good to know for one of those late nights.  We walked in and were greeted in that traditional Japanese style.  The inside is small.  I want to say that no more than 30 people could eat at one time.  I felt like I wasn't in San Diego anymore but at one of those small restaurants on a side street in Tokyo...not that I've been to Tokyo."Pticher of Sapporo please and a small sake...what are you guys drinking?"  Several Yelp peeps have reviewed this place, but I keep forgetting about it because it's off the beaten path.  We ordered the chicken teriyaki don, and I was thinking about a big bowl of ramen, but later I ordered a spicy tuna roll and a chicken katsu roll.  Deb ordered the California roll, Agedashi tofu, and a green salad.  Her orders came out first.  I didn't see it when we walked in, but they have a small but efficient kitchen.I wouldn't say the service was slow, I mean, the women were friendly and attentive, but if you're in a hurry, don't come here.  It's a great place to eat and converse with friends/family.  I sure wish I would've kept up on my Hiragana, Katakana, and Kanji.  There were food signs all over the place!  This is what adds to the charm of this place.  I really liked the teriyaki.  It wasn't sweet like some places and I felt it had a more "mama-san cooking at home" flavor.  The spicy tuna roll was fresh and had a little kick to it.  We all really liked the katsu roll.  Great flavor!  I wish I was hungrier because I really wanted to try the ramen.  But I guess that will have to wait for another day.  Even more reason to come back.  Some things are a little pricier than other places, but the quality and value are there.  Hopefully after your read this, "you won't want to go."  Did I mention this place is small?  I hate waiting when I'm hungry.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,1/5/2012,227,758,24,35,29>If you have any uncertainty regarding the location of the Iron Mountain Trail Head, just know that, like Yelp says, it's at the intersection of Highway 67 and Poway Road.  You can't miss all the Iron Mountain signs and the parking lot.  We put our faith in MapQuest, and I wouldn't suggest doing the same unless you want to be lead down the scary narrow winding roads of Iron Mountain Drive.  Boy, was that an experience in my boyfriend's old Jeep!   Anyway...  We'd planned on starting our Sunday morning hike up Iron Mountain via the Ellie Lane Trail Head to tack some extra miles and farmland scenery onto our workout, but because we got a late start (i.e., lost) we began the trail at the aforementioned intersection of Highway 67 and Poway Road.  Parked along Highway 67 with a bunch of other vehicles since the free dirt/gravel parking lot appeared full.Iron Mountain is a nicely marked trail.  The trail heads, staging area, turns, mileage--all very well marked by signs and posts.   Quite a bit of activity on the trail, though not at all comparable to the amount of people present during our Cowles Mountain outing last week.  Lots of dogs too, about half of which I'd estimate weren't connected to a leash.  Piles of dog crap and discarded sacks of dog crap spotted the trail.  Disgusting.  I'm beginning to believe not cleaning up after one's own dog should be punishable by death.    The round trip from the Highway 67 Staging Area to the summit and back--the hike we did--is between 6 and 6.5 miles.  Roughly 3 miles up and 3 miles back down, and it's easy.  If you're healthy and in any sort of shape you won't find Iron Mountain very challenging at all unless you keep a quick pace.  My boyfriend, who's still learning proper hiking technique and carries 100lbs more body weight than I do, even used the word "easy" to describe the hike.A great hike for beginner hikers--that doesn't necessarily mean children--or anyone who wants to "get away" without traveling far.  I like that from much of the trail no buildings or other major signs of civilization can be seen, just lots of rolling hills and cool rock formations.  Very peaceful for the most part.Will return at some point to hike Iron Mountain from the Ellie Lane Trail Head.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,1/4/2012,894,543,10,13,11>Looking from the outside you wouldn't expect this place to be great. People may pass by and think that it is a downplayed version of Panda Express. However, to my surprise this place isn't bad at all. First time I came here with my parents and they really enjoyed the place. My parents are pretty picky about their chinese food and for them to like the place means that it is authentic. 3 cup chicken: Delicious! It's not overly salty and the pieces of chicken don't just contain bone but have good amounts of meat on them. The 3 cup sauce is spot on and taste homemade. One of my favorite things here on the menu. They usually have $3.99 specials where if you purchase a regular menu item you get to choose one of their specials. We had the steamed chicken with green onion sauce. You get about half a chicken for only $3.99! What a steal. They have late night specials that start at 9pm Monday-Friday. Good amount of menu items ranging from beef and chicken, soup, and even steamed xiao long bao. I have tried many dishes and all of them are flavorful and come with good portions. Some are more oily than others but hey that's what makes good chinese food. Cash only if you do the late night specials. Come back again? For sure when I am hankering for some good chinese food late night.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,1/2/2012,722,527,17,16,16>so, im going to be ONE of THOSE guys that reviews this joint for what it is... a pretty spectacular east coast style eatery that focuses alot on the subs / grinder rolls and such... its hard not to be subjective since, one... im not a bostonian (or east coast guy at all really). and two... im a california kid who grew up on burritos not subs.... but here's what i see...the GRUB:- LOBSTER ROLL !!! seriously, this was the main event the last time i visited Boston, and other parts of the New England Corridor including Maine - Bite of Boston, IMO does it justice - heaping piles of lobster meat stuffed in a toasty roll... outstanding.- NE CLAM CHOWDER aka killa clam chowda - creamy, salty, and sea foody goodness... lots of clam, just like i like it - **snicker**- other subs on the menu include catchy bostonian monikers for their signature subs - like 'the BIG DIG', philly cheese steaks, and tuna subs.- daily specials on the weekends are pretty awesome too - FISH AND CHIPS - crisp and yummy... IPSWICH FRIED CLAMS (see my pic) - mounds of fried whole clams, crinkle cut fries and cole slaw - made to order and better than some of our local seafood hot spots IMO- desserts and fountain drinks round out the menu selectionsthe JOINT:- tight, but enough tables to seat you- plenty of that east coast flair on the walls to transport you to bean town and their love for sports and colleges- plenty of parking- seating inside and outsidethe SQUEEZE:- on par with most of the gourmet sandwhich joints around town - cash and card accepted- contrary to what you might think, the ordering and customer service doesnt include that 'boston attitude' =)FINAL SAY:so all these good points, why only 4 stars ???easy answer - im a Laker fan and a Chargers fan - the C's and Pats, pppsssshhhh c'mon?!?!? just kidding - real reason - at the end of the day my cali instincts are telling me a whole plate of fried clams, french fries, and mayo cole slaw... or 16 ozs of rich creamy chowda and a lobster roll brimming with mayo and butter isnt the best thing to eat... or eat too much of - "its like summah heyah all tha time, no need to bulk up and put on mah wintah coat..."
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,1/1/2012,741,244,11,15,17>Ahhh, Torrey Pines how I love thee....You can park for free down below and walk up the hill. That hill though almost killed my BFF, Marbella...but once you make it to the top the trails are pretty easy. It's so beautiful up there the views are amazing. It's definitely a "must do" when you come to San Diego
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,12/31/2011,54,62,4,19,10>The food and bar is authentic, old world Mexican-tamales had been awesome! Because it is family ran restaurant, there is usually an individual awaiting to serve you with that family love, orders, plates, drinks, etc. It was never the same person helping us, but it was all performed extremely efficiently. Strange to pay up front also, but I guess it's okay since the food is good. I would surely recommend this restaurant and will return next time when i'm within the area.
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,12/30/2011,350,1084,8,10,8>The Spinach Lasagna was very cheesy and perfectly cooked.  The noodles were soft with body, not overcooked or crunchy in any area, wonderful flavored meat sauce over it, not too spicy, the garlic roll had a nice yeasty flavor.  I was amazed at the quality for the price ($6.50 with tax for a large cut of the lasagna, a garlic roll and drink) and for being in a food court.  Yet I knew I shouldn't be because the same guy owns this as owns the Himalayan restaurant I love.  He believes in good food and good service.This place has been here for years and it wouldn't have been if it didn't have good food for a good price.  The only reason I hadn't eaten here before is that I like the Hawaiian, Indian and Greek food in the same area and it is so hard to choose.  Tonight I just needed soft food due to a toothache and their lasagna was perfect!
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2009,9/11/2010,735,735,18,20,19>Things our hero could buy in downtown San Diego on a Tuesday evening for about $10:- 75 minutes of parking at Horton Plaza parkade.- A used schoolgirl DVD at F Street.- A side salad at Greystone.- An order of calamari at Donovan's.- A bowl of corn soup at The Cowboy Star.- OMGWTFBBQ STEAK MASHED POTATOES STEAMED VEGETABLES TOAST AND A BUD ON THE SIDE AT TASTE & THIRST???Mmmm... that DVD sounds pretty appetizing right now.PROS:- Awesome $9.99 Tuesday special after 5 PM for either a T-bone, NY strip, or rib-eye steak topped with mushroom and grilled onions with sides and a small Budweiser.- The servers are very friendly.- Lots of flat screen TV's.CONS:- They don't have horseradish to go with the steaks.- The medium rare here seems a bit overdone and tastes like a medium, particularly on their chewier cuts of NY strip.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2009,9/9/2010,268,411,11,16,13>Free buffet if you sign up for the player's club??? Heck yea!We went to Sycuan casino primarily to take advantage of the free buffet. Can you blame us, the economy sucks right now! Anyway, we got in an extremely long line and waited patiently to enter the buffet. If you are smart, you will enter during non peak eating hours, it'll save you a lot of time.Once we finally got in, we were able to check out the food! They had different sections, including Asian, "American", Mexican, Italian, and desserts :) I tried to get a little bit of everything. Sadly, I wasn't impressed by a lot of their food. I was really excited because they had seafood pancit, but after three bites of it, I was over it. I did really like their meatball/pasta dish, the meatballs were really good! And the pesto cheese ravioli was yummy as well. The main item that I think most people came to the buffet for was the prime rib. I didn't try any, but I heard it wasn't prepared very well. ANd actually, towards the middle of our meal, they started putting it on the grill and serving it that way. Is this normal? lolThe dessert section was okay. They had the normal stuff, pies, cakes, cookies, puddings... I really enjoyed their snickerdoodles and their raspberry sorbet :) As for the other desserts, no one was particularly impressed. I heard that the cheesecake tasted like Carl's jr. quality...I think what made this particular trip to the buffet memorable was the service. Our server was very attentive, quickly removing our finished plates and refilling our sodas. She also helped one of my friends with his Spanish homework, haha. Overall, I don't think I would pay to eat at this buffet again unless I had a coupon or something. But it was decent and I really appreciated the friendly and attentive service. I'd probably stick to the gambling exclusively at this casino.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,9/8/2010,720,560,12,15,15>It is often said that you notice less those closest to you.  It applies to friends who want to be partners, places you live which people envy (like the beach) and of course the restaurant in your neighborhood everyone has gone to except you.Masa was one of those little gems I knew was in Mission Hills my neighborhood but I never got a chance to go to.  However, my co-worker Michael and his wife had a friend visiting and wanted to visit this place near me.  After setting up when and what time, Michael made reservations and I met them at the restaurant.  They take reservations and knowing this place is smaller than most spots, I asked Michael to reserve and it was good.  As soon as they arrived, we sat immediately in our reserved table.  A truly good spot by the door because it was pretty warm in the restaurant (small, lots of cooking means warm) and the cool air from the outside helped make it comfortable for our group of four.The main reason we went was Michael's wife, Eden's love of Ramen and she heard this place had Ramen.  Of course, as you read reviews and comments about the place, Ramen is only available after 9 pm.  I have a suspicion, it goes with the heat of making all the ramen broth.So we looked over the menu, some have talked about the beef tongue so we had to try it.  I love calamari (fried) and we ordered that.  Then we also saw deep fried garlic...hmmm curiosity got the best of us.  The women in our group ordered the soju and soju cocktail and they were good starters for them.  The men ordered Sapporo beer by the pitcher,  The rest of the orders were a couple of nigiri sushi (unagi and yellow fin).  Michael and Eden and Steph enjoyed the yellow tail while I had my delicious unagi.  Of course the Pièce de résistance was the Ton katsu Ramen - Ramen with two slices of delicious pork and various addons seaweed, fried garlic, green onion.  The broth smell was heavenly and truly was a great experience.  We all finished our meals with satisfaction with little room for the dessert.What a truly wonderful experience with my friends.  The conversation, the food and of course time passed by really quickly.  We started after 10:30 and left after 1 am when they were closed already.Ramen - 5 star - smell, taste and look all were  great!Deep Fried Garlic - 5 stars if you love garlic and don't mind the breath later and 3 stars if you just like it.Beef tongue - Ok, chewy, no flavor, we experimented with adding the fried garlic with it and some soy and lemon, and that tongue was truly talking right!Nigiri Sushi - high end, pricing comparable to other and good Overall we will be coming back to visit.  Cinema under the Stars is just around the corner so this would be ideal for another evening.  My dinner companions had a similar high opinion of the place.  Next time reserve space for dessert.Although the hours listed for Masa is only dinner, they are now open for weekend lunch from 12:30 to 4 pm for lunch specials.  Check with the restaurant.Domo arigato Masa!
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,9/6/2010,280,181,21,22,23>My co-worker was needing a drink and well.. I'm always down, however.. it would be during our one-hour lunch break. I contemplated whether or not I should go since I was going for a run after work.. but what the hell, it's Friday betches!!We headed to The Station in hopes for a good 'ole burger and beer. FAIL. (They open at 12pm and our lunch starts at 11:30am. Plus the bartender chick saw us when we asked if they were open, and she just plain ignored us. My co-worker called her a bad name, but I won't specify that here.) OK, no worries Hamilton's was just down the street. FAILx2. (They open at 3pm!) So we tried South Park Bar & Grill. FAILx3. (It looked dark, so we just drove away.) WHAT'S A GIRL GOTTA DO TO GET A DRINK!?!Apparently South Park wasn't in the odds for the day so off we headed to North Park. After an epic "lunch fail"... we ended up at Lefty's. It actually turned out to be perfect because the food and drinks were ready to go. We grabbed a couple slices of their deep-dish spinach/onion, a couple bottles of beers, and sat on the patio. *Cheers!* And yes, this beer was definitely worth it. The pizza was perfectly crisp and the cheese was thick and delicious. I hadn't had pizza in a while, and we both inhaled our slices. We only had about 20 minutes to eat and drink up, too bad because we both could have used another beer. We were actually thinking about heading down to Blue Foot for a quick shot.. but it's probably a good thing we didn't end up at a bar. I'm sure we would have forgotten all about going back to work...Alas, we are both back at work slightly buzzed from having to drink so fast. I can't seem to focus on work, hence this review. Thanks Lefty's for saving us! Thank you yelpers for reading.. carry on.Side Note: My co-worker just gave me the "sleepy hands" signal. Picture is for reference only (this is not him. haha) - farm1.static.flickr.com/…
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,9/5/2010,129,69,37,20,24>I suffer from Xiaolongbao-itis. What is Xiaolongbao-itis? Well, good thing you ask. It's this untreatable, horrific, devasting disease that causes my organs to start to shut down unless a specific medicine is administered orally within 24 hours. Key symptoms involve intestinal pain and visual hallucinations of Chinese food falling from the sky. The only remedy to maintain and fight this disease?Xiaolongbaoooo.More specifically, Xiaolongbaos from Dumpling Inn. Dumpling Inn is the Harvard Medical Center for Xiaolongbao-itis patients like me. Ever since I moved down to SD, it's been painful times as I've scoured the San Diego area for good Chinese food . I'm happy to say Dumpling Inn has ameliorated the symptoms of my deadly disease.I will go here and just order 20 Xiaolongbao. I love them that much. I don't want to say that they are the best Xiaolongbao in the world...but hey, they do their job when I want my Xiaolongbao. Only bad thing about this place of healing is that they only take a handful of patients at a time so be sure to expect a wait.To all Xiaolongbao-itis sufferers out there...I've found the cure. Get the treatment at Dumpling Inn ASAP!
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,9/4/2010,4165,809,40,27,31>A DAY IN THE LIFE OF THE GAYEST STRAIGHTMAN...CHUN P.  StarDate 7-17-201010:22AM...PreParade Party at Mary's place...munching on chorizo burritos and drinking Mimosas.  I drink an equivalant of an entire bottle of champage, then get a Coors Light in a  to go cup. CHUN P = DRUNK!11:18AM...We wander up and down University...hollering, screaming, highfiving, phototaking. nonsense... we see lots of pasties on ( . ) ( . )...and barely covered up 8===D...and lots of bare (   )(   ) cheeks...some of these queens could use some serious manscaping! EEewww!12:05ish...Hot, drunk, dehydrated and sweaty, I decide to join the queens and go full topless. Watchout! Woohoo!  12:20ish...Ben and I are briefly part of the parade...I dont know why nor which nonprofit org we were walking with.  12:32???...The Boys at Tshirtcrack.com hand out "Crack That Ass" paddles...ASS WHACKING begins! We proceed through the parade while whacking innocent passerbyers on the ass with our new wooden paddles. 1:00ish?...Parade ends but we end up at a Lesbian BBQ in Balboa Park...cheers to free Jungle Juice!  1:22...NUNU's!!!!! My crew commandeers a booth next to the entrace...no entrant can escape without getting his or her ass whacked.  I recieved many compliants...that I wasn't whacking hard enough! GAYDAR MALFUNCTION! But I think I meet lots of hot lesbians and queens...or were they straight? Doesn;t matter! Photos!2:32...Time to dance! Oh wait...a long fucking line to get into Urban Moes...FML!2:45...Recharge at Ortega's...Cindy goes to the bathroom but doesn't comeback for a long 15 minutes.  We are worried.  Is she OK?  Oh wait, she is fine, she met a lesbian in line. The two were making out in the bathroom all this time. She comes to our table and introduces herself, then briefly makes out with Cindy in front of us. Yeah, it was pretty much awesome. Also, my drunkass found the $9 Enchiladas satisfying.3:45pmish?...Dancing at Rich's! Nsst! Nsst! Nsst! Nsst! "Rah, Rah, ah, ah, ah, roma, ma, ma, Gaga, ohh, la la, want your bad romance!" Nsst! Nsst! Nsst! Nsst! 4:30PMish...Sleepy...Fading...passing out...nap time! Looking forward to next year!
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2010,9/3/2010,366,87,24,21,20>SOOOOOOO i love this place. And ill tell you why! So sit back and enjoy the show!I have been to other pole dancing businesses and they all suck compare to Fun Pole Fitness. Not really...LAME! Here they have a variety of workshops to chose from such as Kickboxing, Lap dance, Pole Choreography, Just Tricks (which is a personal fav). Pricing is reasonable and their are many packages you can choose from.8 workshops for $160 is the package I went with! Unlike the other places I have been too, this place is super organized and are really easy to get in touch with. In order to take a class, you just have to sign up on their website which lists all the classes and times. Super easy right. If a class is full, you will get wait listed and as a spot opens up, Fun Pole Fitness will actually email you to notify that a spot has opened up. Clever! Fun Pole Fitness is located on the corner in North Park...haha coincidence, I think not! hahaha Anyways work it........I always get there like 10-15 minutes before the class begins just to make sure I can find a parking spot because it can be tricky. Apparently there is a gate, right next to the building that automatically lets you in, but I have not figured out this secret code yet. eeeeek. The studio is bigger than it seems. There are 8 poles. Mirrors all around. On my first day, I came like 20 minutes way too early, only because I was so eager to get on that pole haha and one of the instructors let me in and said i could chill till my class started while she was practicing a lap dance routine. About 5 minutes later, she whips open the mirror which acted as a door too, and it lead into this whole another part of the store. Freaked me out! hahaThe staff is awesome! I have only had Marie and Lisa so far, but I bet the rest is just as amazing! I mean how could you not love your job. You get to be on a pole and be sexy all the time. So Fun Pole Fitness if your hiring, holler at me! The instructors break down the moves so every level will get it and understand. If it is your first time there, you get free rental on stripper shoes!! And trust me, you will want stripper shoes when performing. It just gets you into the groove and into character. Don't be lame and wear your sweaty socks or be a hippy and go barefoot! Strap and buckle up and sex it up!Seriously, come here! It really is a great workout! On my first day I was going upside down on the pole! New plan: Dropping out of college and becoming a stripper!!!
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,9/2/2010,804,248,18,23,21>The crab cakes are hands down, the best anywhere. It is the shining star of this fine establishment. Got a reminder full of glorious flavors on a night out here, when I took my first bite. I could of ate just this the whole night....I could eat this every night!I will hold on to the blissful memories till my next eating extravaganza at Oceanaire. The experience could be a 5 stars cost but  it's 5 stars well earned.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2009,9/1/2010,90,116,18,21,19>I was going to write this review yesterday, after I came home from Bonnie Jean's but MAN, my eyes were bigger than my stomach and I just got major FOOD COMA!Where do I begin.... We came in and there was not a whole lot going on as far as customers go but that was soon to change.  We walked in and were greeted by a nice woman who promptly sat us and took our drink order.  Sweet Tea for me and "Red Kool-Aid" for him.  MAN, talk about nostalgic!  I had a sip of that kool-aid and was immediately taken back about 20 years when I used to pick out my drink color and overload it with sugar to just-the-right-mixture.  SO GOOD. As was the sweet tea.  Appetizer was the fried Mac & cheese.  SO. FLIPPIN'. GOOD.  I could have eaten a whole basket of this stuff.  My entree was Fried chicken with pecan glaze, garlic mashed potatoes  and black-eyed peas were my sides.  I really wanted the sweetened yams but i figured I'd have enough sweet with the tea and the chicken.The chicken was *perfect*.  Perfect in the sense where the crust was crisp but light.  I think it's coated with corn flakes.   I tried to study it but I think the waitress saw me inspecting it and came over to see if everything was OK.  My bf says we're trying to figure out if your chicken is fried with corn flakes.  She just smiled and walked away.  Either way, it was delicious.  Legit home-cooked chicken.  Garlic mashed potatoes were garlicky with bomb gravy.  As was the black-eyed peas.  I just threw in a little hot sauce on the peas to give the sweetness of the meal some savory balance.  It did the trick.Slowly but surely the restaurant started filling up, mostly with yelpers.  Everyone ordering mostly fried chicken with or without the pecan glaze.  I'll tell you how to decide whether to eat the chicken with the glaze or not: if you like fried chicken with honey, then get the glaze.  If you prefer your fried chicken with hot sauce, get it plain and try the hot sauce because that is really good too.  I cheated and did both by using the hot sauce on the fried chicken with no glaze (towards the inside of the piece).I had a 3-piece dinner and only ate the two small pieces and the sides before my own sides felt like they were splitting.  You know, I'm really glad I wore my warm-ups rather than some jeans.  I really did need the extra pant space.Dessert was supposed to be to-go but she brought it anyway.  one red velvet cupcake and one peach cobbler.  He and I looked at each other  at our newest dilemma: eat the dessert and risk instant coma or sit around and let our food settle until we attempted further indulgence.Good thing for us there were board games to keep us busy.  They have chess sets, Scrabble, Boggle, and various other games to keep us busy.  We battled a Scrabble game while randomly glancing at our dessert thinking "should I?" Eventually, we did.  Me being the red velvet snob that I am appreciated it but it wasn't my ultimate favorite red velvet cupcake ever.  The cobbler was ok too.After catching our breath and realizing we had to be back for: chicken and waffles, catfish, hush puppies and MORE FRIED MAC N CHEESE, we both agreed we came upon a true gem.In addition to the incredible, home-cooking, the staff  was super welcoming and pleasant (although I tried to figure out how many employees were working at the time, i never figured it out because several people kept walking out from the kitchen).  It  really did feel like I was visiting an aunt or grandmother when we were there.I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,8/31/2010,250,307,10,18,13>This place is now getting 5 stars from me! I have been getting my facials from Sheena for a while now, and I really felt a difference after my last facial. I really love the pumpkin peel, although some people may find it too abrasive, but it's just eating a way at the dead skin and working its magic.Sheena has such a pleasant and sweet demeanor and always gives me free samples and advice, without any sales tactics or pressure. This place is fun to go with a friend too, they have "couple" rooms so you can lie side by side and talk/relax!Ocean beach is so far away from me but I'll make the drive down for this place! Oh and if you feel like some shopping, there are plenty of PB-like clothing stores for us gals nearby that are cheap!
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,10/1/2008,896,283,52,54,54>Yesterday my mom and sister wanted to go shopping for my cousin's wedding (which is today) and I was dragged along to Plaza Bonita because my sister refused to go anywhere else.: /The upside is I remembered this place (Beard Papa's) because my cousins brought some to the hospital when I was keeping my mom company and OMG- it's SOOOOO good. Like orgasmic good.I'm not much of a cream puff fan, but these are the best f*cking cream puffs I've ever had. They only have 2 flavors every week- the vanilla is constant and this week the featured flavor was strawberry. We ordered the 6pk (for 10 bucks)and this morning I had a strawberry one (which has strawberry cream and actual strawberry pieces in it).Oh gawd. I hate the mall but I'd go back just to get this stuff. :P
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,9/30/2008,158,62,16,16,17>Vroooooom Vroooooom errrrr Vroooooooom Vrooooooomerrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Screeeeeeeech Is that?  Sure is...Adams Avenue BicycleI stopped because some dude waved me down outside and I decided to say "SUP YO?" to my new two-wheel compadre...I rolled up...literally...to check out the shop...as i was locking up my new/old vehicle of fury he complimented my Peugeot flavor...so turns out he works at the shop and was asking me questions about my ride and how i acquired such a sweet one at that...then i asked him a question...Me: "my brakes are pretty new and they are squee-ee--ee-king, how may i remedy this ailment?"Aforementioned Bike Guy:"Sandpaper my brother, sandpaper...just sand down your pads a little bit and another thing that helps too is when you take off your wheel and clean the residue off the rim."Me: "You, good man, are a gentleman and a scholar."Next I stepped into their building of bikes to peruse their parts and pedals.  I picked up a bottle, a bottle holder, and a hardware set.  Puzzled by the way it might attach to my bike I turned to find help, and right behind me before I could utter the 4-letter plea for assistance another worker was there. Lady: Can I help you?Me: As a matter of fact you can.  How will this attach to my bike?Lady: Let's ask a mechanic okay?Mechanic: Let's see what we have here, oh is your bike with you?Me: My sweet ride is right outside. (notice the rhyme and envision a sweet bassline and beat bumping in the background...ok stop imaging that)Mechanic: Well normally newer bikes are drilled out already or we would just drill them out for you, but since you drive a sweet vintage Peugeot Road Bike we would want to preserve the integrity of the frame and not cause rust.  I would probably use some zip ties.  Another option would be to use hose clamps. Me:  You my good friend are a fine example of what humanity as a whole should aspire to be.  Thank you for your time and expertise. After the tech talk we share some more words, laughs, and air.  As I bid the store adieu, I knew this would not be my last time at  Adams Avenue Bicycles.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,9/29/2008,171,62,18,18,17>For my RB peeps!I eat here frequently.  The California omelet is large and tasty.  I love that they don't skimp on the avocado.  The owner is very hands-on, coming by to visit the tables and re-filling coffee.  Plus, she always asks me how college is going, which just tickles me pink, old lady that I am.To my delight, they just started serving dinner.  I ordered the halibut (only $12!!!). It was huge and fresh, just gorgeous.  It was cooked a tad too long, however, which dried it out a tiny  bit.  Still, a quality piece of fish and I wolfed it down.  I had my choice of two sides; I picked the sauteed spinach and mushrooms.  Perfection.  Dessert was FANTASTIC.  A perfect creme brulee cheesecake, with slices of fresh strawberries.  I almost licked the plate.Oh!  I almost forgot happy hour!  $1 domestic drafts, $3 wine, and cheap appetizers.  Nice!  Sometimes life in the burbs ain't so bad.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,9/28/2008,639,492,21,21,21>I have been going to this liquor store since 1989 when I used to work at the bank across the street.  I came back 20 years later and the owners remembered my name.  Is that good or bad?  The store was sold a couple of years ago and guess what?  The new owners also know my name.  Actually there have been times where I've shown up hammered without my ATM card and they have let me pay them later.  (Relax.  I live within walking distance.)  My husband's review says it's always a good feeling to have the neighborhood vendor know your name.  Well he's right but I think they know our name because we are big booze hounds and I think our business alone allows the owner to take two deluxe vacations a year.  So he better know our name dammit.  But the point is that this is a great liquor store.  They have everything you can imagine plus a great wine selection.  And they don't jack up the prices as much as other liquor stores tend to do.  And I think next year the owners are taking us with them on vacation.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2008,9/27/2008,166,94,16,23,22>Tocumbo is a town located in the state of Michoacan Mexico and it  has acquired  fame because of their cold fruit flavored popsicles(known as paletas in spanish). The owner is from Tocumbo. He learned how to make paletas and ice cream in this town were most people survive from the ice cream business.At this ice cream place they serve paletas, homemade ice cream, raspados, tostilocos, diablitos, and mangoneadas.  What else can  anyone ask for?Mangoneada is a mango sorbet with fresh mangos on top, chile powder, liquid chile and a stick of spicy tamarindo. It is an explosion of flavors.  Diablito is lemon sorbet with chili on top and the tamarindo stick I mentioned above.  Another hit on my list!Their raspados (ice shavings) were good but not my favorite dessert for this location. Their ice creams were so exotic they even have corn ice cream, walnut, and mamey.  Sorry I don't have all the flavors.Last but not least their paletas are freshly made there with natural ingredients to include fruit and milk. Oh yes they have paletas de ciruela!  They serve tostilocos too and another variation of tostilocos called rancholocos.   Tostadas de cueritos were popular. I did see a few customers ordering them. They looked so good! .  Did I mentioned great service by the owner and employees.   What a discovery!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2008,9/26/2008,422,258,37,27,31>Next year, they should make their theme be "Days of Wonder."As in.... I wonder just how many new things they can come up with to deep fry.I wonder how much they are making just from parking revenues alone at  $9 per vehicle on a dirt lot.I wonder who the hell collects some of the miscellaneous crap that gets submitted as "collections."I wonder how many carnival booths they can cram in that all have variations on the same 4 games.I wonder how many different companies they can find to sell the dizzying array of offerings in the pavilions, ranging from kitchen remodelers to earthworm condo units.I wonder how many people puke on the rides after eating all of that deep fried food.I wonder how many places they can put an oversized barbecue stand selling "Texas-Sized" everythings to stretch your Texas-sized gut.-----But I no longer wonder how many ways they can make you have a heart attack.  The answer is 721:  715 of them are the insanely fatty foods clogging your arteries.  4 of them are the super-thrill rides.  1 is from the surprised laughter as you gasp to yourself and friends, "Did that cow just blow a huge fart directly in our faces???"1 is from the shock at realizing that every last dollar in your wallet has been replaced by a little receipt from something purchased at the fair, be it a trinket, a souvenir, or an overpriced food item.Ah yes... The San Diego County Fair... It's probably a good thing you only come around once a year.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2008,9/25/2008,187,162,20,22,23>"Give 'Em the Pickle!"For my first job we had to watch the ever lame video about customer service called "Give 'Em the Pickle!" Basically, this guy, Bob Farrell, the founder of the chain Farrell's Ice Cream Parlor, tells the story of a letter he  received from a dissatisfied customer. The way I remember it, the shop used to serve pickles along with sandwiches. When they stopped that custom, one customer complained. She really wanted that pickle! It's been a while since I've seen the video, but if my memory serves me the employee insisted on charging her if she wanted the pickle on the side. In any case, she was unhappy enough to write a letter, which  prompted Bob Farrell to develop the speech, "Give 'Em the Pickle," which later became a training video. The idea is that it would have been better to give her a free pickle and keep her as a customer. Lame as the video is, it has a really good point.How does this relate to Bassam? Well, it seems the owner shares Farrell's philosophy. Literally.Since December, we've held meetings for our graphic novel book club, or the Graphic Novel League, as we like to call it, at Cafe Bassam. I have yet to have a bad experience. During our most recent meeting, Kim D. and I caught a whiff of pickles. They smelled delicious. And I'd had their pickles before, so I knew that their taste would match their smell. And suddenly, I really, really want a pickle. So I thought, "I bet I could buy some." Not many people would bother, but not many people like pickles as much as I do.So I approached the proprietor, my craving conquering my shyness about making a totally bizarre request. And he agreed he'd give me some, insisting that payment was unnecessary. So you see, he literally gave me the pickles! Yum! Thanks Bassam!
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2008,9/24/2008,158,91,12,18,17>Trust me. 103 reviews with a 4 1/2 star average for a cute taco shop in San Diego is something you can believe in.  Sure, there are sprinkles of unhappy reviews here and there, but the 4 and 5 stars that dominate Mama Testa's page are well earned.  How can you NOT trust a bunch of people who are privy to the best, most authentic Mexican food available on American soil?  I think we know what we're talking about.I was skeptical at first, about a Mexican restaurant that served nothing but tacos (I'm a burrito girl myself), I'll admit.  But I was in the middle of my quest to try new things, so that I did.  And thanks to my adventurous streak, I've found myself another favorite taco joint to add to the list.I had the Al Pastor tacos, and hubby tried the Yucatecos.  We haven't decided to this day which of the two is better - they both are melt-in-your-mouth awesome.  Then there was the bottomless basket of fantastic tortilla chips to accompany the equally fantastic salsa bar.  Again, it was hard to pin down a favorite salsa - they were all unique and tasty.  And the horchata!  Maybe it was the blistering hot temperature of that afternoon, but I swear it was the most refreshing horchata I've ever gulped down.Next time, I'm going for the steamed tacos.  I've never had tacos that way before - but my adventurous streak continues, and I have a feeling Mama T's won't disappoint.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,9/23/2008,306,288,12,16,14>Mmmmmmmmm-mmmm-mmh!Cheeses from Venissimo , chocolate in liquid form, home made marshmallows, caramel sauce made from scratch, yes even home made chocolate graham s'more crackers can all be yours for the taking at this amazing new delightfully tasty spot.Lisa D (now C) and I decided to go last night and have our own little Chocolate Happy Hour, so what if we ate cheese and chocolate for dinner? We're grown-ups dammit!I suppose because we're both Canadian immigrants that married Americans that may show our mental health and aptitude for insanity. But just because we married Americans doesn't mean we don't know our Fromage babycakes, oh yes, sing it to me sister because I just won't resist the chocolat from Eclipse.Kudos to Nicole for telling me about it in the first place, and then, not only that, bringing boxes of it to Janene for her birthday when we brunched at The Guild.Lisa and I ordered 2 plates, one was the salty smores, there was a chili salt and a lavender salt and liquid chocolate drizzle over the home made marshmallows and chocolate graham crackers.The other was a cheese plate with a palmier looking cookie and caramel warmed sauce to dip our cheese and cookie into. I like the furniture, the tea's, the choices of lemonades, I had the vanilla bean lavender--Mmm! The walls are painted in a style that makes it unique to San Diego, but very special. Charlie was there working he's also a YELPER ELITE!I can't really compare this spot to any place I've been to in Canada or in the U.S. It's more like a chocolatier spot in the south of France. Go there quick before the secret is out and we can't park!
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2008,9/22/2008,204,144,12,15,14>I've been going to Tiny's before it was even Tiny's.  Before there was food, before it was cool, before only Tiny owned it.  He used to know my name (hence -1 star). Oh and the fact that he won't rotate the taps and the best sellers are Miller Lite, Bud Light and Coors Light.  This is a neighborhood bar - not a dive bar.  There is no doubt about that.  The same people come here, with a little mix of the oldies, like myself.  Moving on to the good stuff. SHUFFLEBOARD!!!  This is not the lawn variety, this is the long board, against the wall against your opponent. Blue v Red pucks.  Blue always wins.   Because I play Blue.  SLIDERS!!! If you eat here, try the sliders.  They are the best I've had and I don't even really like ground meat.  I've had other food too, nachos, chicken strips, tacos, the usual bar food flair.  Everything has been tasty and above the "bar food" level.  TV's - and a lot of them.  Flat screens all around the bar area and a few scattered throughout the rest of the bar.Outside seating - this is a luxury.  It used to be this "Tiny" place out back and they've expanded and added decent seating and a little bar out there.  Although, I've never seen the bar being manned, it is there.  Pool tables - I don't play pool, so yeah, there are tables here.All and all, if you are in OB and don't want to deal with the teenie-boppers on Newport Ave, check this place out.  It might hit the spot.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,7/18/2010,519,365,17,21,19>TJ Oyster bar is the SHIIIIIIIIIIZZZZZZZZZZ!I don't know why it has taken me so long to write this review.  This little hole in the wall is definitely a family favorite!  Serving a wide range of seafood, the friendly service and the inexpensive prices keeps us coming back for more, more, MORE!The best item on the menu? It's the 99 cent fish tacos makes you HOLLA! Dipped in a season batter and deep fried, the thought of it makes me drool. If you sit up at the counter, you can watch the cooks make your meal! The fish burritos and the fish and shrimp tostadas are also a favorite.Since the place is tiny, it's almost always crowded. But, it will never disappoint. Come early or at off peak hours and you're set.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2009,7/17/2010,859,450,22,28,25>The burgers are okay but not amazing in the "OMG, I just had a mouthgasm and I just want to touch myself" kind of way. No.I would even venture to say they are a bit overrated in the sense that I don't think it's the best San Diego has to offer in the way of hamburgers.I know, I know. Guy Fieri said otherwise on Triple D. I really like the dude and his show, but don't believe everything that comes out of his mouth....El Indio, anyone? The man has to make those places look good. They don't want to piss off the viewers who wrote in their favorite restaurant. That's just bad business....definitely not "money" as Guy would say.Alright, now that we have that cleared up....Overall, they have decent burgers and their late happy hour is pretty good. Plus they have good beer on tap, yo.This place is cool in that you can try interesting and exotic meats you normally wouldn't put in your mouth. hehe ^.~
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,7/16/2010,894,543,21,24,21>My boyfriend is super picky about his ramen. Whenever we go to ranch 99 he takes at least 5 minutes in the ramen section.  After eating here he kept repeating " I have found my new ramen place"The restaurant is very small and seems to only be able to sit 20-25 people at a time. There are multiple building code violations and they haven't put up the maximum capacity sign. But even thou they have all these little quirks the food is awesome!The ramen broth is delicious! It isn't too salty and is very flavorful. I had the miso ramen and it wasn't overpowering in miso flavor. The ramen is cooked perfectly and still has a little bit of texture to it. It comes with 2 slices of pork which are very tender. $7.50Nagoya Ramen- spicy. Whew I can't really eat spicy food and so even when I tried a little bit of broth it was on fire in my mouth! Whew! It ramen comes with ground pork on top.  $7.50Takoyaki- perfectly fried with pieces of octopus. I don't really know how to describe this but think of a hush puppy but the batter isn't cornmeal but more a beer batter texture. Then it has pieces of octopus inside. For the squeamish it actually has pieces of tentacles $4.50Note: You have to spend over $10.00 before you can use your credit card. Open till 3:00am!! HECK YA! Next time I have my womanly cravings around 12:00am I'm coming here. WATCH OUT Tajima. This ramen places kicks butt!
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2010,7/15/2010,227,758,46,35,35>You know what sucks about living in PB if you care about the aesthetic condition of your vehicle and aren't fortunate to have a reserved parking space?  STREET PARKING.My poor baby.  The dings and scrapes--all relatively minor, thank goodness--that she's acquired during her 2+ years of PB life make me want to cry. I've walked out to my car to find dried sticky soda (pop) poured on the windshield and hood.I've walked out to my car to find the windshield wipers raised.I've walked out to my car to find a pole from an uprooted real estate sign resting on the bumper.I've walked out to my car to find a muddy shoe print on a side window.I've walked out to my car to find a beer can resting on the roof.And this morning I walked out to my car to find the side mirrors folded back.  Real nice.Drunk morons, keep your f-ing hands/feet/beverages/etc. off my vehicle!  Have an ounce of respect, would you?*venting*
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,7/14/2010,472,335,21,19,17>The details are shady since I was quite drunk when I arrived here, but thanks to our driver, we ended up at this gem of a place.What I CAN tell you is that this place serves a delicious bowl of pho.  Ample amounts of noodles and beef parts.  Nice beefy broth.  Fresh ingredients as far as I can tell.Also at the late hour we ate there, they were playing Animal Planet on the big TV, and it was a program that was showing hippos and elephants and other large herbivorous mammals.  A little random.Would I go here again?  Sure.  I don't even remember how we got there in the first place, but thanks to Yelp, I now have the address.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/8/2009,7/13/2010,166,79,30,16,15>Not tryin to hate on my kind BUT damn...  Ya'll done hooked me up wit a stomach ache, that made me believe I had to tae(poo poo).Ordered a Ube shake cause of the poster they had on the window...  I shoulda sued them for false advertisement...  That thing was WARM, had no ube like the picture, and did I mention that shake was WARM!!!  I guess you get what you pay for...  $2.99I did enjoy the chicken empanada....  AT LEASTI believe this was located next to Vanilla seafood...  NO not manila seafood, Vanilla seafood...  cause all I saw were aunties with their white husbands...  whatever happened to keepin it in the gene pool....  "Make me pretty baby haa"
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,7/12/2010,489,320,35,47,46>True story: Let's see..I was in High School. One of my close friends wanted me to accompany her to Planned Parenthood.Me: What's that?Friend: A place where I need to get checked.Me: What for?Friend: Um..I need to know if I'm preggars.Me: WHAT?!!!! Okay..so I was pretty naive back then. The thought of having a baby and becoming a baby Mama was not something my friend or I ever envisioned at the time. Heck..anything involving the word "sex" was such a personal and sensitive subject for me. Talking about it was just uncomfortable. Anywhoo, at the time, she needed moral support and of course as a friend, I wanted to be there for her. It all seemed like a blur (a dream even), but I remember walking up a building into a small office. I waited patiently while my friend had her check-up. In the meantime, I noticed various reading materials regarding STDs, contraceptives, and info. on the morning after pill. Even though I knew a bit of this from sex ed. class and from close friends and family, it was still such an eye-opener for me. I realized at that moment that THIS day could quite possibly change my friend's life FOREVER! It was a scary thought. All these questions started to pop in my head. How would her family react? Will she be able to handle a kid at 17? Why didn't she protect herself? Where the heck is her boyfriend?  I come to realize she didn't want to freak him out if it was a false alarm, but I still think that he deserved to know. I would have if I was in her shoes.It wasn't too long and she walked out with a huge sigh of relief. She was given some birth control pills and pamphlets to take home. Friend: "That was a close one. Thank God I'm not preggers."Me: "OMG. That was scary. Don't ever do that to me again!" haha..but seriously, she was beyond relieved. I'm sure anyone who is 17 and isn't prepared to be a Mom would be. After a few deep breaths, hugs and words of advice, we both walked away with life lessons. Lesson learned: Don't give *it* up until you know and truly feel that you are mature and old enough to handle the responsibilites that could follow. First and foremost, I believe it should be with someone you truly love and who truly loves you. No doubts. No hesitations. Sex is not something you should take lightly. Know that there will be consequences and all it takes is just one time. You can't take it back. If you are not prepared to have a kid, then educate yourself and know that you have options. Planned Parenthood is a great place for those who are afraid to talk to friends/family about sex and not feel judged or ashamed. The staff is there to help so it's great that there are outlets out there such as this for young people to turn to for help. KUDOS to Planned Parenthood! Who knows how many baby mamas would be roaming around if they didn't exist?!Note: Free condoms were also available - PROTECT YOURSELF!!!
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,7/11/2010,646,294,11,17,14>My Grandma lives real close to this eatery.  They used to sell just tortas, but my Grandma noticed that the business name had changed.  Turns out it is the same owners, different menu. Mom, Grandma and I decided to order the 1/2 rack rib, 10 chicken strips, and 6 bread sticks along with a side of potato salad, side of french fries, and three 20 oz. sodas.  The total bill was only $33.  The menu is worded kind of strange and we didn't realize that the combo already came with french fries, so we wasted $3.29 on that.  If we had decided to take the meal home, we would not have ordered sodas, and the total bill would have been about $21 which I think is a great price for how full we got.  It was a perfect amount of food for three women.The fries were great, the sauce on the chicken strips was so-so (I, for some reason, was expecting breaded chicken strips) and my mom said the ribs were fantastic - not too much fat.  There was a lot of sauce on the ribs.Other things you can order:3.39 - Onion Rings3.29 - Zucchini Sticks3.29 - 8 Mozzarela sticks5.89 - Jalapeno Poppers 10 pc.3.29 - French Fries2.19 - Potato Salad2.19 - Macaroni Salad8.99 - Appetizer Combo (mo sticks, zuch sticks, on-rings, jal-pops, and side of ranchThey also still sell the "Torta Especial" which is your choice of lomo, asada, milanesa or other choice with fresh cut fries and a 20 oz. soda for $6.99.Quite possibly, the best deal would be the 25 chicken strips, 25 buffalo wings, and 12 bread sticks along with a 2 liter of soda for $41.99.Unfortunately the oven was broken so we didn't get the bread sticks.  Instead, however, he brought out a slice of tasty chocolate cake which had a fudge filling - delicious... and I don't even like chocolate that much!They no longer sell fruit salad, which disappointed my Grandma.  The owner, however, explained that making a fresh fruit salad inhibited them from getting the main food orders out - something that took 5-10 minutes suddenly took 25 minutes and people were getting frustrated with that.Try it out, Yelpers.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,7/10/2010,281,408,10,14,11>I love Cabrillo. It's got something for everyone - from the lighthouse to the tide pools to a glimpse of the Coast Guard, it's pretty much awesome. The trail along the bay/point is my favorite part because the views are awesome and it feels like a healthy thing to do while taking pictures.The cost to get in is nominal, and totally worth it - there aren't many places where you can spend so little on a full day of activity. It's a great place to take tourists, an awesome place for the flocals (people who claim they are locals even though they have lived here for less than 5 years) and a great reminder of how awesome the city is for the locals. Love.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,7/9/2010,2074,1145,24,21,22>2 newbies: excuse me, can we please see a menu? 1 bartender: uh, this is all we got. (points to chalkboard) 2 red-faced newbies: oh ok, we'll have the 1/3 pound cheeseburger, a bunless 1/2 pound cheeseburger and some fries. thanks! wait time: 35 mins. momentary drooling, thought crosses mind to pay 2$ for one bite of the burger delivered to the people sitting on the left. eat time: 3 mins. caveman-like grab and devour with intermittent grunts.  cost: $14 + tip in crumpled bills (cash only!)2 people by the door spy and hover over the soon to be empty stools.  repeat process. side effects: hhhmmmm...nappie, nappie
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,9/13/2012,677,365,3,6,5>It's not often that I'm wrong...but when I am, I am big time.  My first Burger Lounge review for the La Jolla location was abysmal.  I just got done with a spamburger and still too full to really enjoy Burger Lounge.  But I've recently found my new favorite meal while I'm in my "eat clean train dirty" phase.  The half veggie salad with lemon-basil vinaigrette with a side veggie patty.  This is a match made in Jillian Michaels heaven well except for the dressing but it's freaking good! The veggie patty is the best I've ever had and my go to "meat" puck from now on.  My kids still love the real burgers and fries but with the summer coming up and more medals calling my name I'm going with the salad and veggie patty for a little while.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,9/12/2012,1070,356,11,9,6>Simplicity is the word and J Wok does it well!I love the Tapas menu!  For the amount of food you get with the price, the ability to try various dishes doesn't break your bank.  Cool Cucumber Starter - $2.25: Refreshing!  Pickled in taste but very good!  Good dish to break up what you're eating.Lettuce Wrap Chicken - $3.25: Delish!  Not going to compare this to other places that serve lettuce wraps. But for $3.25, this could've been worth double!  Garlic Pork Chop - $3.75: Now when it said Garlic, I was expecting a hint of garlic or maybe even toasted garlic sprinkled on top....  NOPE!  This had garlic marinated into it, cooked with it and also sprinkled on top!  Loved it!  Every bite was full of garlic!  Don't expect a whole pork chop either, this dish is cut up into little bites.Thai Style BBQ Pork - $3.75: Yum!  Having this dish made me wish I ordered rice to go with it...  All this for under $15...... Yes, I will return for more!Tip: Ask for chopsticks!  The chopstick tree is not where you get your chopsticks from.  My friend told me if I want chopsticks, I have to get it from the tree/wall....  I almost believed him!
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,9/11/2012,280,432,16,18,17>It has been almost three years since I've been back.  WTF is up with that???  My friend Eve decided she wanted to go here for her birthday.  I actually didn't think I wrote a review about this place.  Since we had a reservation, we sat inside, and at this great round table in the back of the restaurant.  There's even this small balcony for intimate dinners for two, although if you don't watch your step, you can trip, as did a server.I ordered the steak & frites (What else???) with anchoivy butter, which I thought was a little odd, but it worked very well with the perfectly grilled steak, and it was good.  And it was either swiss chard and/or spinach and some grilled whole petite onions.  Eve and Moe had the mussels which looked really good, and Robbers had the Coq au Vin.  Very Ooo la, la...however, we ordered the Pointe Final malbec from Argentina.But the real winners were at the beginning and end of the meal.  We ordered the macaroni, pancetta & bleu d'auvergne gratin which was under the "small bites" but is not as small.  There was enough for the five of us to share as an appetizer.  I've tried mac and cheese at other places, and this was by far the best...bubbly on top and creamy underneath...amazingly delicious!!!  We ordered two desserts for Eve's birthday, the pot de creme and the pistachio bread pudding.  Mouthgasm from the pudding!!!  Great flavor!!!  We were also given salted caramel ice cream which was very good!  We agreed the only disappointment was the pot de creme.  A little too hard for our tastes, and reminded me of fudge.The ambiance is great!  Lively, but still able to hold conversations.  There is only one bathroom and our only complaint was that when people were waiting, they kind of hovered around our table.  Robbers told me to come for brunch, which sounds like a great idea.  Our server was attentive without being intrusive which is something I value.  I think the manager came by to ask how things were, and he sat us when we were the first to arrive.  Everyone was very friendly.Maybe when I'm having a crappy day, I'll cut out of work early, have a glass of wine, the mac and cheese, and the pistacio bread pudding.  So for a period of time, I'll be transported to Paris and away from all that merd!  C'est la vie!
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,9/10/2012,277,261,8,8,8>I am torn about whether to post this review!  Why? Because I don't want to face the day where I can't get a table in what has immediately become my favorite cafe in San Diego. Without fail, every time I have come in here I'm greeted by friendly faces with great drink recommendations (the shekerato coffee in a martini glass? yes please. Frappe with Pappalecco gelato? To die for.) Stick around long enough for lunch and help yourself to their paninis (Prosciuttino for the win). Still here? Good thing they have a full case of gelato...Sit in the cafe and listen to beautiful classical music while you have a view of the busy Hillcrest sidewalk. Just to be sure you have to pinch yourself to see if you're not actually in Italy, today a man walked in off the street with an accordion strapped to his back, then sat down and played the piano in the corner. This place is everything I've ever wanted in a cafe and more. Ambiance + great food/drink + the best service in town. That said, use it but don't abuse it -- I was here first ;)Amore!
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,9/9/2012,250,307,3,8,5>My friend and I got our dogs around the same time and often times plan get-togethers with our puppies. We chose fiesta island one lovely Saturday afternoon, and ever since then I want to come here every week!! We always refer to this island as their doggy paradise.So what's so great about this place? When I was without dog, I remember looking at this place and thinking...eww. It seemed like a very flat, ugly little island, with stagnant waters and I would not have wanted to go swimming here. Once I got my pooch, I began to  realize its true value -- DOGS LOVE THIS PLACE!! No where else can my dog run around freely through verdant green trails and then still have the option to  swim through calm waters with barely any waves. There are miles of hiking where it's safe to leave your dog off-leash and not have to worry about a wandering coyote or puma attacking him. And it was here that my friend and I witnessed our dog's first strokes. Even though we had been to other dog beaches many times, this was the first place calm enough for them to truly venture out into the water and actually paddle. Once my dog sees the shore, he now runs gleefully into the water !No charge for parking, bonfire pits, fenced hiking trails, doggy poop bags, and most importantly, my dog love this place. All and all, this is a 5 star place!!
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,9/8/2012,314,412,7,9,8>Call me a bias yelper if you must but this was definitely a 5 star experience. Lisa T. came here and got a new pair of running shoes a couple days ago, so I followed in her footsteps. :)I don't aspire to be this full on marathon runner...but I made a goal to run a 5k this year (make that two...for now) and I WILL achieve this goal. Mick was making a rockstar appearance at Movin Shoes and I had been bugging him when he would be there, but he did inform me that the other guys who worked there were just as awesome (my words not his). He brought out a pair of shoes for me just to get the gist of how I ran. Brought out about three other pairs for me to try on. Hey what's Ian doing here...I'm taking my business somewhere else. Lol j/k.While they were a bit busy, all the workers here were able to tend to all of them without having someone wait while they were with another customer. Chit chatted a bit about running. Ended up with a pair of Mizuno. Sweet. I guess I better put them in good use now. :P"Do you have a different color?"Ian gives me a weird face. SHUT UP. lol, yes color is a priority. Alas, they did not. The staff knows a lot about their shoes, compared to other places (footlocker/champs/etc) because you know those people are just working for commission. shut up e0n, you suck.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,9/7/2012,3805,2172,2,18,9>Wow, I stumbled upon this place by accident, and what a great accident it was! When I walked in, I was immediately hit by the scent of fresh baked goods. I was amazed by all the goodies behind the glass counter. That dam glass! (yelp.com/biz_photos/UnYQ…) Well, after checking out the cookies, fruit tarts, and cakes, I decided on a pecan studded sticky bun. (yelp.com/biz_photos/UnYQ…) I have to say, this as one handsome sticky bun. The bun was loaded with pecans and a sugary glazed layer. (yelp.com/biz_photos/UnYQ…) The bun it self was moist inside with a great cinnamon spice. The outside of the bun had a nice crunch from the well baked exterior and the dried sugar. What a yummy treat.The people who work here are very nice and helpful, and the prices are very reasonable. My sticky bun was only $2 and some change......good people, great pastries, and great prices equal 5 stars in my book.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,9/6/2012,245,33,19,14,14>This is the place to go if you want your girl to swallow on the first date.  Swallow what say you?  Oysters, silly!  The happy hour here is the best in San Diego.  From 5-6pm Monday-Friday you can indulge in some $1 oysters, $7 martinis, $4 clam chowder.  The other food options on their HH menu is OK.  I usually just stick with these.Came here today with a reservation for 6pm.  Arrived a little early to partake in the HH and went straight to the dinner.  They flawlessly transitioned us from bar to table.  Side note:  If it is a special occasion they will have a menu printed out and personalized.  Such as birthdays, anniversaries, etc. with your name and date on it.  Stay classy, San Diego.Started off with the crab cakes, shrimp cocktail, and fried asparagus.  Everything was pretty good.  Every time I order the crab cakes here I'm a little disappointed. Yes, it's big, yes it is full of meat, but it lacks any flavor and the mayo they serve with it is getting old.  We also shared a spicy tuna and avocado salad.  The dressing on it was perfection.For the entree I got the Snapper "Angry" style.  It is a whole fish flash fried with various different chilies and a spicy sauce on top.  I ordered the spicy sauce on the side because I don't do spicy very well.  The fish was cooked perfectly.My friend got the scallops.  They were cooked medium rare.  The scallops are HUGE and perfectly seared.  The sauce that accompanies it is rich yet balances with the scallops nicely.  Though for some reason I feel like they were better when Brian Malarkey used to head the restaurant.For the sides we shared the brussels sprouts and bacon, steamed broccoli with bearnaise sauce, and the potatoes au gratin.  All done very well and were huge portions.  Probably didn't need the extra calories.For dessert we shared the creme brulee.  Even the worst creme brulee is never bad.  Oceanaire does it right.  Nothing like the sweet sound of that crackle when you get your spoon through the caramelized sugar.  Yum.Every time you use the restroom here they replace your napkin with a new one, or refold your old one.  Not quite sure.  They offer you a black napkin if you happen to be in dark clothes.  The servers all have one of those crumb scraper things to keep your table nice and neat.As I am writing this review I am going back and forth on four or five stars.  It can be a little spendy here.  Especially if you order a couple bottles of wine like we did tonight.  However, I must say I'm... er, I mean, it's worth it.  One of the best seafood places in San Diego.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,9/5/2012,1244,659,10,19,16>FINALLY! A place in SD that serves Thai food as authentic as it is in LA.You guys have no idea how long I've waited for this. I've been in SD for 9 years and haven't liked a single Thai restaurant down here. Since I grew up in and around LA, where the best Thai food is, nothing down here ever compared. I've been to Thailand several times throughout my whole life, and I think the food in LA is just as good (if not better) as the food in Thailand. The reason is simple -- LA has the largest population of Thai people outside of Thailand and they use higher quality ingredients here.I'm a huge fan of Thai noodle soups and most Thai restaurants in SD don't serve any at all. So when I looked up Koon Thai and saw they had quite a few noodle soups on their menu, I just had to get down to Convoy and try it. My favorite noodle soups are the Boat & Tom Yum. This time around I got the Boat noodle since it is my ultimate favorite Thai dish EVER. Hardly any Thai places in SD serve this and if they do, it's not done right. Koon Thai does a pretty good job at Boat Noodles. Flavorful broth and a good amount of beef and noodles. The bowls are smaller than the ones in LA but for $5.50 it's a good deal. I'll be sure to try the Tom Yum noodle soup next time I'm in, which I'm sure will be pretty often since I don't have to wait for a trip to LA to enjoy some Thai food now. My friends got Pad Thai, Yellow Curry (Karie), and BBQ Pork & Rice and they all enjoyed their meals. They said their dishes tasted different from other restaurants they've tried (in a good way) and I just said that it's probably the taste of authenticity. So many Thai restaurants in SD are Americanized and it bothers the sh*t out of me. I would always try a place and be disappointed and eventually gave up on Thai food in SD & just wait until I go visit my parents in LA to get some good Thai food.I'm so happy Koon Thai has opened its doors for business. It's actually a very nice setting and prices are very reasonable. I came in during dinner hours but I'm sure it's even more reasonable during lunch time. If you love Thai food and you're looking for a place in SD... this is the place to go. I've been waiting a loooong time to find a good Thai restaurant in SD and I've finally found it!**Spicy lovers: watch out for those Thai chilies... I had a good choking/coughing session for a good minute. Those things can be LETHAL... but they are soooo good.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,9/4/2012,975,197,10,8,8>Ok, so I went there for my first time today. I do usually rush to write a review on a place- unless they are horrible and I somehow feel obligated to spare all prospective customers from the same experience. This place however, is the complete opposite.I first heard of Mama's a few months ago but wasn't in a rush to check it out. Man oh man, let me just tell you- I've missed a couple months of some yummy yummy food.So I was in the area today grocery shopping on my lunch break and was craving something not too heavy, yet full of flavor. I decided it was about time to give Mama's a shot. I figured, this place is popular, I don't want to wait long, so I better call in my order since I'm on a time crunch. Called in 15 minutes prior to picking it up, and they said it would be ready in less than 10 minutes. (Woo hoo! I love fast service) The lady who took my order was so pleasant on the phone.So I drove there, and the place is just absolutely darling! It's a little tucked away nook right off of El Cajon. The seating area is covered by a canopy- I wanna say. Don't quote me though, I was in and out before I had time to observe the place (that's what she said.) It gives off the feel that you're somewhere else relaxing. Kinda reminded me of a little beach shack. Anyways, I walk up and pick up my food, and the lady was so pleasant and lovely. She greeted me with a smile and made me feel welcome. The fridges are full of yummy beverages like a variety of teas, coconut water, aloe water, water, lemonades. I was tempted to get one. I ordered the chicken wrap. Let's just say, I didn't make it to the first light on El Cajon without taking my first bite. The wraps are huge and let's just say, not so car friendly. Did I care that a bus packed full of people pulled up next to me and were staring at me like I was a zoo animal at feeding time? No. I couldn't resist. The chicken had a wonderful flavor, the bread/pita wasn't too heavy or thick or oily. Uh, everything was just perfect. In the midst of this hot day, it was just my chicken wrap and I- and I wouldn't have wanted it any other way. I think you get my experience here. The reviews and the rep speak for itself. This places is incredible. I can't wait to try more of their menu items- only next time, I'll stay and eat rather than trying to drive and eat.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,3/31/2013,140,379,4,8,8>Awesome addition to the hood!I must say, I am a little bummed that it's ANOTHER Italian restaurant (I know, I know...Little Italy, but come on can I get a bistro?!). Anyway, it's not Monello's fault and luckily the exceeded my expectations by having some non-Italiany (is that a word?) items on the menu. I was also pleasantly surprised by their bar selection of beers & hard liquor, a lot of places in the neighborhood try to get all fancy but this place keeps it real. Jack Daniels at the bar? My kind of place!They are also open late, so when we wandered in at 9:30pm for dinner we were not turned away, but greeted by a pretty busy bar. Definitely seems like an industry hangout which I love - industry watering hole = good spot.We decided on a few small plates (calamari & pork belly) and to split the 1/2 roasted chicken, which literally fell off the bone, and the potatoes it was served with OMG - I am drooling as I type this. Everything that I put in my mouth melted there - leaving my belly o-so-happy. The hubs also loved that the menu was so diverse and has already picked out what he's having the next time we are back.The restaurant itself is impeccably decorated with beautiful furnishings, decor and is all about clean lines & minimalism.Best part was our bartender who was faaabulous! He knew all about the food, the wine, the specialty cocktails and was happy to lead us through our first experience. Plus he was friendly and not a total douche like some of the other hipster LI bartenders.Overall, fabulous addition - can't wait to make this a regular spot!
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,3/30/2013,103,159,5,13,8>FINALLY- The Cat Eye Club is the classy cocktail lounge East Village has been waiting for! There's nothing else like it downtown (or anywhere else in San Diego- dare I say!) The decor- done perfectly in a 60's era style- takes you back to a simpler time where you can sit and enjoy a cocktail and some good company. When you walk in, it really feels like someone's living room rather than a bar.As if that all weren't enough, the drinks are amazing and perfectly crafted. Everyone running the place was so nice- from the attentive bartender to the sweet manager, Cory, who was so enthusiastic about this a hip new spot.I highly recommend this place. If you haven't been yet, GO! I guarantee you'll have a great time.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,3/28/2013,647,343,14,15,15>5 stars for food5 stars for service5 stars for being one of the few bars open during the SD power outage on 9/8/114 stars for bar---OMG...dat food.While most people come here for the bar part, I come here regularly for the food -- both brunch and dinner. They have AMAZING food for pretty reasonable prices. I don't even want to call it bar food because that'd be doing it injustice. I normally get the fish plate with rice pilaf and sauteed vegetables. It's healthy (i.e. not all food you get at a bar needs to be fried), portions are big, and all for 9.99.Once I got sea bass (yes, from a bar!) to go, and after I finished having a foodgasm, I called them back to compliment the chef because it was so good. True story.In sum: try the food -- it's a hidden gem!
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,3/27/2013,227,758,21,31,29>My husband purchased my engagement ring from Quality Diamonds back in 2011, and, although we did shop around at a couple other stores within the historic downtown San Diego Jewelers Exchange building, we returned to Quality Diamonds for our wedding rings last summer.Koby and his sister--it's a family business, and I'm terribly embarrassed I don't remember the sister's name--are so great.  They, as well as price and quality of merchandise, are why we're customers.Appointment very recommended.  All the jewelers in the San Diego Jewelers Exchange have their own hours, and the building itself also has its own hours.  Call ahead or make an appointment to make sure Quality Diamonds has in stock what it is you're hunting.For my engagement ring, Quality Diamonds replicated the white gold 6-prong round diamond solitaire Tiffany Setting flawlessly and then set in it the loose diamond my guy handpicked from the store's inventory.  My wedding ring, platinum with some diamonds, was simply chosen from a tray of rings at the store.  My husband's ring, a thick tungsten band to match his tungsten Movado Valor watch, was also picked out at the store and actually given to my guy free of charge.I don't believe most people are aware of this next bit of advice.  If you have the ability to ship jewelry to an out-of-state location, do it.  Why?  You may be exempt from paying the taxes associated with your purchase.  My guy shipped my engagement ring and then later my wedding ring to my parents' home in Pennsylvania.  We're talking about diamonds, so the money saved was substantial.We really love Quality Diamonds and the no frills, no bs nature of the San Diego Jewelers Exchange concept.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,3/26/2013,189,96,12,15,13>There are two themes to my reviews.One, I have the appetite of a herd of baby hippos.  Are you going to finish your napkin?Two, I'm a wash and wear kind of gal.  I want functionality and practicality, even in my girly indulgences.  And for good measure, I'm a little bit of a hippie.Okay, a lot.  A lot of identifying with Krista from Fern Gully going on up in here.The latter theme will be the star of this review as my au natural preferences extend to my hair.  If you're the kind of person who loves a fashion forward, artsy 'do, then read no further.  I salute you for the effort you put into your style and I will likely admire it, should our paths ever cross.But, that's not how I roll.  I want something low maintenance that looks natural and flattering.  No product or styling necessary.  And after many failed attempts at selecting a style from the celebrity fondling productions known as All Women's Magazines, I also want someone who can run with my "do whatever you want - I trust you" preferences without abusing the privilege.And many years ago, my mother and I both found that in Kathy, currently working out of Just Hair Salon.Kathy's hair is always hip but she has a knack for knocking the born-this-way style out of the park.  Even though I have a habit of forgetting to get regular haircuts, the style she snips into my locks grows out gracefully, month after month after month after month.   My mom's color is stunningly natural and nuanced, perfect for those people who want to roll the dye (get it?) without it being overtly obvious.Not only does Kathy possess fierce shear wielding skills, she's also down to earth and easy to talk to.  On top of that, she's practical.   I've asked for her recommendations on various hair tools and rather than going ga-ga over the latest name brand, her advice runs counter to the "spend $300 on this flat iron!"  My hair is pretty tame though, so her advice may differ from person to person. Kathy - shear's the one!
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,3/25/2013,59,729,9,10,10>A little too late to the Slaters 50/50 party but better to be late than not make it at all eh?   I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now.  Finally got the chance to make it down here today.We got there around 1:30 and the wait was only about 15 minutes or so.  I dig their style of texting you when your table is ready.  We got our text and then were lead inside into the back corner.  Got a table, bar stools were comfy for a big man with a big ass...aka me!  We placed our order which consisted of 2 burgers, a pick 3 for sides (fries, fried pickles and onion rings), a Coke and a Strawberry Lemonade.   Here is how everything stacked up.Burgers-  We created our own.  They hand you a sheet of paper and a pencil at the table and you basically mark whatever you want on it and even get to name it.  My creation was "The Strong".  I went with the 2/3 lb 50/50 patty (half bacon, half beef) and topped it with bacon, bacon cheese, raw and grilled onions and spicy brown mustard on a bacon pretzel bun.  My wife got a 1/3 lb beef patty with bacon, grilled onions and thousand island dressing.  My burger was great!  It was really messy and that was my bad....the grilled onions and the mustard moistened it up too much and was hard to eat.  Next time I am going with burger, bacon, cheese, raw onion and that is it.  The burger itself was massive!  The 50/50 patty had a great taste to it.  Thick, juicy, beefy, just flat out good!  They give you 2 big slices of bacon and the bacon cheese was delicious too.  A little hard to describe but it kind of tasted like that spray cheese in the can but this was in slice form.  It worked!   My wife wasn't too impressed with her burger because of the bun. Shes picky about certain things...guess this was one of them ;-). She said she would probably try their chicken sandwich next time.  I would stick with the burger myself.  It was delicious.Fries, Pickles, Onion Rings-  They have options here.  You can get one side or any combo of sides up to the 6 they offer.  We went with the pick 3 and these were our choices.  They lightly bread the pickles and onion rings with a tempura batter.  The fries were great, the pickles were good and the onion rings were passable.  I would probably only order fries next time.  They serve them with 3 different dipping sauces.  A mustard type one, a bacon ketchup, and one that I could not finger...it was like a cross between a ketchup and bbq sauce and sirracha sauce.  It was good!  I should have asked what it was. Coke and Strawberry Lemonade-  I love places that serve Coke.  My wife liked her lemonade.  Free refills and our waitress kept them filled up.Service here was AWESOME!  Our waitress was on top of everything!  They were pretty busy and the food was taking awhile to come out.  Our waitress kept us informed on everything and let us know when to expect our food etc.  When the guy brought out our burgers, he did not have our sides.  I think they just forgot to put the order in.  They apologized profusely, took that off the bill and brought it out to us shortly.  I didn't even think it was that big of a deal and we didn't complain or anything and they still hooked it up.  That right there is excellent customer service.  Everyone from our waitress to the manager came by to see how we liked our food etc.  It was great!Price after tax and tip $37.00 (Would have been about $7 more but they took the sides off our bill).  Will I be back?  Yes indeed.  Probably at off hours though because of the wait.  Burgers were great, sides were good and service was outstanding.  That is a recipe for success.  Can't wait to come back and enjoy one of these burgers again.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/24/2013,313,233,6,9,6>Words can not express how wonderful this hotel is, but I'll give it a go. First off, every single person who works here is a gem. Incredibly friendly and super helpful. They all seem to WANT to go above and beyond. The rooms here are FABULOUS. Incredibly comfortable and luxurious. They truly did a beautiful job. Every room looks like a work of art with a touch of sensuality (read: romantic getaway). I love that this place is downtown, but not in the epi-center of douchbaggery of the Gaslamp. It's right across from Horton Plaza so you can get your shop on as well.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,3/23/2013,368,435,12,10,9>Places like this are extremely dangerous because it's so good. I should just throw my money at them.  I went in today with a friend who has never been before, and we got HOOKED UP with octopus, yellowtail, and spicy shrimp tacos as well as shrimp ceviche. FOOD SHOULD NOT BE THIS GOOD. The only things my friend and I said for a good ten minutes was, "Wow, it is so good. Oh my gosh." And the customer service is ridiculously good. Not even just regular like, "they do their jobs really well," but these people go out of their way to treat you well. Juan, you are doing something seriously right with this place. Ask for their specials! They are TOO DELICIOUS. I could eat octopus tacos for the rest of my life and would be the happiest person in the world. I run into the biggest first-world problem here: I always want more than I can eat. I always want ceviche and all the tacos, and I always cover it in all the sauces and leave so happy and so full.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,3/22/2013,854,525,12,11,11>Nice variety of playground features. There were a couple of things that were temporarily out-of-order, but fixed a few visits later. Their zipline doesn't run so smoothly and could use some industrial lube to speed up the ride.  I particularly enjoy the kiddie rock wall with the climbing rope.I thought I wouldn't have to worry so much about getting sand all over the house afterwards because the playground has wood chips instead of sand. Then I looked up from the park bench and saw my lovely toddler eating a handful of ground cover. "Crunchy chips" she called them, I think.Other pbservations: Port-a-potty instead of bathroom, so bring your own Depends. Basketball court looked decent and kids were either shooting hoops or racing around around on their scooters. The grassy field is a decent, open space with softball/baseball backstops. Team practices in progress while we were there.Plenty of curbside parking, but I can only imagine how congested it would be for the neighbors with weekend parties and inflatable jumpers or little league tourneys.A good spot to run the little ones ragged in a quiet, safe neighborhood with enough going on to pass the time. Good times!
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,3/21/2013,1142,2218,7,11,11>Visited Gaijin twice now.First is for an Elite event:The staff at Gaijin - AMAZING - very friendly and personable. We held up some convos with several of the staff members and they were very easy going and super cool. The management team was so inviting and very personable. Kudos to the entire staff!!!The food - YUM!!!!!!! I don't think I got to taste everything that was served, but I did get full, which is a rarity at these elite events. What I remembered the most were the yummy pork carnitas bao bao and the yakitori/skewers (skirt steak). I would love to try the noodles upon return. The drinks - WOW! Very creative with the snow cone! Spicyyyyyyyy and I don't even like spicy!!! My first time trying HOT SAKE and boy was I buzzzzzzzzzed after having 2. (Was it hot in there or was it me?!) SAAAKKKKKKKEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!Second visit is during Restaurant Week and tried the following items:-Comp Edamame: Warm edamame... MMMM... -Carnitas Bao Bao: I tried the beef cheek and felt that that was the better bao bao. This was a little on the dry side. -Chicken and Beef Yakitori: Firstly, the yakitori had too much pepper. We all like pepper, but there was just too much that it took away from the flavor. On a positive note, the chicken was tender and we enjoyed both kinds. -Drunken Noodles: I really enjoyed the flavor, however, I felt the dish had too much veggies. If I were to order this again, I would request easy veggies! -Mango Mochi: Only 1 mochi was given. What a tease!!!-Bacon S'more: Different... Really different. Sweet and salty ? I would order it once as a taste, but wouldn't order it again.-S'more: Typical camp s'more. Get if if you're craving something sweet at the end of your meal. -Comp Hot Sake every half hour!!!!!  I had 2 and I was done... Cozy little restaurant and what's awesome is that they're open super late (3am on weekends). Couple blocks from Horton Plaza, which validates parking for 3 hours. Note: What I appreciate is the fact that management cares for their customers. They like to round as well as comment on Yelp reviews. Who does that nowadays?
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2006,2/27/2007,75,24,1,4,2>This is the second time i have been here and i am always a satisfied customer.  I get chills thinking about how wonderful the fresh tortillas right off the grill taste with my meal.  Look at me...UNBELIEVABLE!!  We spent money like it was water at this restaurant because the margaritas were so refreshing.  It was like drinking slurpees to how amazing and strong they were.  It brings a smile to my face to how complete my meal was.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2007,2/26/2007,230,224,2,4,5>Surf Divas is the best... cool place for chicadees to learn how to get up on a board. I only took their weekend seminar but it was enough to teach the basics and a great way to spend 2 days in the water with your girl pals. And even if you are in some kind of decent athletic shape, it will kick your ass since it's using muscles you probably never use. Great female instructors and a cool atmosphere, all ages, etc.... just remember to walk with that shuffle step or the rays will getcha!
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2007,2/25/2007,42,168,2,1,3>Refill your starch tanks here.If you hanker for deep-fried falafel goodness with some carbs on the side, Greek Corner, part of an oddball strip-plaza-building of other quickie food joints, is a fine choice.  The food tastes good, it's cheap, and you won't need an ambien for your afternoon nap.Amiable dude runs the joint too.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2007,2/24/2007,169,225,1,4,3>I fell in love with HUEVOS this weekend in San Diego! Well ok, I've loved them for some time now, but man, I need to send a shout out and a huge THANK YOU to Aimee S. for recommending Broken Yolk. It was soooo good and they earned their five stars with me. Like a dork I had forgotten the directions so I called 1(800) free-411 for a FREE phone number look up, I called and they so nicely gave me directions and put me on the list so I wouldn't have to wait when I got there. Service was fast and the meal was great! I had the Border Check which was an omelet with chorizo and jalapenos. My friend got the Tony G which was an egg white omelet with tons of veggies. It looked so good. My friends and I loved it so much that we went back Sunday morning. I didn't call ahead this time, so we had a to wait about 30 mins. But they were really nice and brought us just out the oven blueberry muffins for free. This was a huge plus in my book! This time I got The Mom omelet. It had tons of veggies and they are not stingy with the avocado either (btw, the salsa was really really good too). My friend got her omlete with egg whites and they didn't charge us extra. The waitresses were really "in your face" friendly, which was a little weird at first, but atleast they didn't have attitudes, so that was nice. I'm a huge breakfast person so consider me a loyal customer whenever I am in the SD area.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2007,2/23/2007,137,642,,3,3>My favorite pastrami sandwich.And damn do I like pastrami.  Never thought I'd find one this good in San Diego of all places.  I live in SF and have heard that a lot of the pastrami up here is the lean kind, and that it's hard to get the fatty kind with more flavor.DZ has the full flavored fatty pastrami.I guess they figured out a way to import it, and it was amazingly good.  The rye bread has a thick hard crust, and is superb.  The baked desserts looked fantastic as well, but I was too full from the half pound, plus of meat.  (And from eating almost a full jar of fresh pickles).It was an expensive sandwich, but you're paying for quality and portion size.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2006,2/22/2007,121,133,1,2,5>Best cheapass giant breakfast on the beach anywhere!  The breakfast burritos here are huge and taste like happiness in burrito form; best breakfast burritos in SD (and hence... THE WORLD!).
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2006,2/21/2007,230,125,10,2,3>We call this place "The Bone Yard" because it's the spot to hang out if you get the senior citizens discount. It's as if a bunch of skeletons rose from the grave for the sole purpose of rocking out hard to some karaoke. Seriously, these folks don't mess around. It sort of reminds me of Michael Jackson's Thriller video, with a bunch of the living dead jamming out to country music and Frank Sinatra. It is the only place where I have seen someone order a metamucil vodka. The Elders hate the scent of young blood, and puff out their frail chests in an attempt to display dominance. If your under 30 be prepared for some fisticuffs.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2007,2/20/2007,2,22,1,1,2>Great gear and w/ a selection of price ranges for almost any outdoor endeavor. Helpful salespeeps who actually use and do the things you would be buying the gear for- ski, cycle, hike, etc.Very comprehensive joint for you outdoorsy types. Also good for shallow nouveau riche types who wanna sport a sporty look though they couldnt run walk bike a mile to save their lives. ;-)They have  a credit card rewards program as well.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2007,2/19/2007,13,12,1,3,3>It's hard to rate Stingaree once. It's really a hierarchy of distinct and competing experiences. If you don't have at least 500 dollars to drop on one night and/or don't know the owners, you're a sucker. You're first-floor fodder. You are, in fact, the garnish on the experience of those in VIP and bottle service. But if that's your thing, Stingaree's a good place to do it. If you do have the cash to throw around and/or are properly connected, the service there is top rate. I ate an amazing dinner in the enclosed dining room off the entrance and the wait staff were incredibly attentive, observant, professional and quick. Once upstairs, the booths for bottle service were not enclosed and private as I'd have guessed, but were wide open, overlooking the dance floor below and flanked on both sides by other booths. The service there, too, was expectedly quick and attentive. The roof area was very cool. Open air, booths, space to stretch out and lounge. Definitely a welcome oasis from the sweaty, crowded scene below.In all, for dancing, it's not ideal unless you're there on a weekday when there's a bit more room. For a moderately pricey evening out, your experience will rival or best anywhere else you'd want to go in the gaslamp, for sure. But, if money's not an issue (or, like me, you work for Stingaree's advertising agency of record and, on occasion, get a free night out for research purposes), Stingaree's pretty unrivaled.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2006,2/18/2007,109,570,10,3,1>here are some tips to enjoy your stay:1. ignore the Indian guy wearing the rash guard as a shirt and who is wearing a billion gold rings.2. the pickles are safe, mushy, but safe.  that much sodium is enough to handle any germ.3. the BLT is sure to cure the stomach ache you acquired from yogurt mill.4. DO NOT buy the black and white cookie.  i know you watched that Seinfeld episode, and i know they look good, but seriously dont do it.5, be sure to pick up an erotic cake on your way out.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,9/23/2011,111,107,34,38,36>It's not very often I'm up in Del Mar eating Chinese food.  However, the grandparents/in-laws were in town and staying at a hotel across the street, so this place is where we ended up.  It was pretty busy for a Monday night so we got a table outside.  That was fine by us since we had the kids too.  ***Here's another kid tip***  When weather permits it is best to sit outside with them.  If they get to excited and use their "outside voice" it will probably be drowned out by a Ferrari driving 90mph down the city streets.  Yep, I saw that will eating here.This place isn't going to be like the cheap hole in the wall Chinese restaurants you find on Convoy Street in San Diego.  We're in Del Mar where entrees have presentation, and I can't dine out in a stained t-shirt I've had since 2001.  I wore a polo shirt this night.  The portions aren't huge so they recommend an entree per person, and you probably won't get any leftovers to take home if you are hungry.  The entrees we picked were all really tasty which is why we didn't take half eaten Chinese food dishes home.  The Kung Pao Chicken had a nice spicy char to the meat unlike anything I have tried.  The Beef and Broccoli was really flavorful with a great sauce.  Egg drop soup was also a winner.  Not too thick and not too runny.  It's best to just get the big bowl for a few bucks more that will feed 4-5 people.  So the entrees wern't heaping dishes of food, but they weren't loaded with ball shrinking MSG either.  It was good tasty stuff. They did another really nice thing for us too.  On their website they list half price bottles of wine but you need to read the fine print on one of the menu's that it is only Wednesday and Sunday.  We thought it was Monday.  One of the managers or owners said he would do half price bottles for us.  I can see they made it more clear on the website.  They didn't have to do that but it was nice they did.  Which makes a nice ending for this review.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,9/22/2011,280,181,18,19,18>Pizza Port is another restaurant that makes it into our work lunch rotation and what better way to celebrate the end of the week than with pizza and beer!!I've had a few of their pizzas, but nothing comes close to the Monterey. It's absolutely perfection - pepperoni, mushrooms, onions, and artichoke hearts.. just the right amount of sauce and seasonings. The Carlsbad is okay - pesto, mesquite grilled chicken, sundried tomatoes, artichoke hearts, and feta.. but it was a little dry and too salty for my taste. And really, you can't go wrong with the BBQ Chicken Pizza. Yummm!!Wanting to try something new, my coworker wanted to get a pitcher of the "Skid Mark". Since I was with two other guys.. I felt the need to sample it first, considering the name and all. Surprisingly, it was easy to swallow.. errr.. I mean drink (O.o) and it went well with our pizza. Side Note: There was a paper taped to the bar that said -"Hey.. my friend got a beer here named Butt Licker or something like that.""LOL, you mean Skid Mark?""Oh, yea.."
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2010,9/21/2011,306,288,6,11,8>Con Pane moved to Liberty station and it's a bit hard to find, I tell people to go to Ace Hardware then drive around the building. It's also much bigger and has a bigger patio! They now take bank cards and credit cards in their new location as well. It's still good maybe even better now, it's still holding it's charm of openness and European  beauty.One of the men who runs the cashier has 2 different colored eyes, he's like David Bowie, 'cept Bowie just has one larger pupil so it's not even as legit as this guy. I really like this man, and I believe he is married to the owner, Catherine Perez, who is a woman that studied the art of bread. I have little local celebrities I like to spot when out on the town, and he is one of them.Over time Con Pane has become a once a week joint that I have come to frequent when I need and want something amazingly good and delicious.One of my favorite things to do is go on a week-end morning and order a bread plate to share with friends. There are 2 choices, and they are called the bakers plate, you pick 3 breads and whether you want sweet or savory. The Sweet choice comes with excellent preserves, the Savory comes with olive oil, goat cheese and pesto to dip the bread into.Bread: buying a loaf here is so inexpensive it makes you sad you ever spent $6 on grocery store second from Bread and Cie. Most loaves are under $5 and fresh that morning. Their Multi-grain is excellent and the Gryere Chive, and the Kalamata, and their Brioche twists with chocolate, their scones have almonds and pears or different varieties.If it's a bit later in the day and I want a sandwich I get the Italian, it comes with choice deli Genoa salami, sun-dried tomatoes, olive oil, I prefer to have it on the Kalamata bread. My friends have loved the "almost grilled cheese" it has no butter on the outsides but 4 cheeses melted inside. Other like the Turkey Cobb, and some others like the Veggie sando.They have an excellent choice of coffee type drinks, and soy if you need it, and coke in a can if that is your preference. The quality of bread is why people come back again and again, they have a Pavallier, which is a special oven to bake bread imported from France!This is an artisan bread place, it's not just a bakery, they have created a work of art that many in our community have come to love.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,9/20/2011,174,173,10,17,13>Had been to the Mira Mesa Pho Ca Dao, so didn't expect much.  Was rainy today, so wanted something warm.  Came here w/ two work buddies.Ordered the Pho Dac Biet.  Pho w/ everything ;-).  Within a minute (literally) out comes three bowls of food.  Bowl was filled with great broth.  Had some depth to the flavor and not simply MSG soup.  Better than others in the area.  Meat was more flavorful than most.  Tasted almost marinated.  Tripe was tender, not an easy task.  Tendon and all cuts of meat was soft.  Not chewy like other places.  Was good.  Before I knew it, my coworkers stopped talking.  Looked across the table and both their bowls were empty.  Was that good.Meat good.  Soup Good.  Pho noodles good.  The best Pho I've had in  San Diego.  Will have to come back to check their consistency ;-)
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2010,9/19/2011,204,144,7,12,10>We met up with a few friends at Encinitas Ale House on a Sunday afternoon to catch some Chargers highlights (boo blackout!).  I was actually surprised it wasn't crowded but was glad because we could actually have a conversation with friends without yelling. Yay!   Another great thing about this bar is the tap list.  Lots of great choices, from Belgians to Ales.  If you aren't sure what to get, the bartender can offer up a good suggestion.  I ordered chicken tacos, which were quite good. Corn tortilla with grilled chicken, cabbage and a their house-made ale sauce. Nico ordered a mushroom masala burger which he devoured so it must have been good. 4 stars because their prices are a bit high for food.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,9/18/2011,281,330,6,11,8>Went for the happy hour and grazed on $3 small plates.HITS:- Bacon-wrapped dates- Honey, goat cheese, walnuts- White bean bruschetta- Salami butternut squash- Dr Pepper Dublin (8 oz, made with cane sugar)- Ambiance- ServiceMISSES:- They don't have a location in North Park. :)
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,9/17/2011,587,1463,10,12,11>Back in '05 or '06 I met a sushi chef named Tatsushi ( yea yea I know ). He asked if I liked this place and I told him that I did indeed like it and also that I thought it was probably the most underrated sushi place in downtown. Good thing I said that because he then proceeds to tell me that his family owns the place. It makes me smile when I think about that conversation.Taka really is underrated and I didnt want to write a review just because I didnt want it to get all Yelped out and over hyped like Ota. That is my humble opinion of course. Nowadays everybody and their mother is a self proclaimed connoisseur of all things sushi.If you desire Ota-esque ( is that a new word ? ) quality without all the hype or the lines then you could also check out Toshi-san in La Jolla. Thats another great sushi place thats completely off the radar.Back to Taka. Go in, sit at the bar and ask for omakase. If you want a bento box or some kind of teriyaki, sit at a table and get out of the way.I love listening to sushi snobs talk about sushi. Most have never been in the business and they really have no clue what theyre talking about. Its mostly conjecture, cliche assumptions and/ or whatever they may have seen on the food network.Last I heard Tatsushi was on the run and fled the country. No idea why or where that guy went. Rumours though. I could be totally off base.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,9/15/2011,673,460,12,15,14>Bow Chika Bow Wow.  Romance. All I can say is. Mad Romance.Tucked way in Pt. Loma, this place is just charming as can be.  The restaurant is basically modern chic white in the front room, and then the enchanting garden in the back is shabby chic too.  The food is classic italian dishes that are decently priced and tasty:- Magic Mushrooms: Super yummy and tasty! Perfect way to start off the meal.- La Regina: An asortment of seafood over a bed of classic black linguini.  The dish is tasty, but the marinara is wine based, so more runny. - Rigatone Bolognese: Classic yummyness all baked together.  This dish rocks! I ordered the above, but after tasting this, my fork kept making its way over to that area.This place is super sweet.  Food isn't served up pretty, but it does taste good.  However, La Regina did not fare so well as a take home kinda dish.  The noodles got gummy.All in all. A perfect place for a quiet dinner thats off the beaten path.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2010,9/14/2011,422,258,9,13,11>Fried zucchini?  Different, but very appetizing.  Fried calamari?  Decent, but nothing to rave about.  A little rubbery, and instead of a marinara sauce, they serve it with cocktail sauce.  No seasoning on the calamari itself, aside from a little bit of salt sprinkled over it.The Caesar Salad had a real slice of anchovy in it, and that brought a welcome smile to my face.  Even the bread isn't your plain, ordinary garlic bread.  It's thick-sliced Italian bread, slathered with butter and garlic, heaped with parmesan cheese, and toasted.  And lots of it.But the most amazing part of the meal was the Italian sausage that I got with my ravioli.  It was, by far, the best Italian sausage I've had in a very long time.  The rest of the entree was wonderful, but that sausage... Woah.... Even now, 9 hours later, I'm still smiling thinking about it.The food quantity was very plentifulOkay, so why only 4 stars?  Well, the parking is a disaster.  When we got there, it was a few minutes before noon, and an employee was in back of the restaurant (where the overflow parking is) guiding us to one of 2 remaining places to park.  Also, the service was pretty slow.  Granted, they were moderately busy, but it shouldn't take over 2 hours for lunch.So my advice is go, enjoy yourself, carpool if you can, get there early enough to park,and don't plan on doing anything for a good couple hours after your meal time.Not that you'd want to do much in the afternoon, with all that great food weighing on your stomach. Nap time.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,9/13/2011,727,281,14,15,10>"This isn't Sea World."--what Chef Kazu-San told us when we asked if we could take photos with the hotate (scallop) shell after we devoured it's tender flesh. Bwa hahaha. Amazingly fresh fish: uni (sea urchin) maguro (blue-fin tuna) hotate (scallop) abalone (awabi) anago (fresh water eel)--everything was absolutely melt in your mouth, fresh fresh fresh and gorgeous to look at. We also tried their veggie and shrimp tempura, which was so lightly battered you could really taste the veggies and shrimp. Good sake selection, great service. Chef Kazu was wonderful, the servers were all attentive, and no one rushed us, which can happen when you sit at the sushi bar.Only possible drawback in some people's minds would be that Kaito is in a strip mall, but in San Diego most good sushi restaurants are. Don't let the lack of bamboo fool you, this place is legitimate Japanese. In fact, it made Sushi Ota look like Sushi Deli....true story.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,10/23/2013,480,252,12,10,7>I cheated, and I admit it.I am a notorious Lolita's taco shop enthusiast, but with their closing early I had to venture out to find a decent burrito. Now there are several other shops I could have stopped at on my way here, but many years ago this was my go to spot for Mexican food.Fast forward more years than I want to admit to, and a late night burrito is calling me. Pulling up I notice the place is completely empty.... should I be worried? Check the yelp reviews to be safe...solid 4 stars. Then as I look at the menu and see my favorite surf and turf burrito on the menu I gasp "CASH ONLY!!"... luckily able to scrounge up the necessary funds, I order away. I head over to the salsa bar to see Cotixan's claim to fame... their orange salsa that they probably sold their soul to the devil to get the recipe for. It's that good. I think I used 3-4 containers of this notoriously delicious devil sauce on my burrito.. no joke. Paired with perfectly seasoned carne asada, and cleanly prepped (no poop trails) luxurious shrimp and avocado on a bed of rice, wrapped in a warm tortilla... yes this is what I came across town for.Sadly, before I could acknowledge just how good it really was, it was gone... much like a one night stand it has me thinking about it deeply the next morning...  how do I play this? Do I call? Do I show up at the doorstep with flowers? Then I think WTF... it's a burrito with the best sauce in town... time to take a trip across town for a return visit!
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/22/2013,597,525,11,12,11>Quite possibly one of the top-10 best sandwiches I've ever eaten, without exaggeration. A few months ago I noticed a Groupon ($7 for $14 of food) available for Bolillo Tortas. After reading scores of good things about this torta shop, I decided to grab it. Well, after an intense workout on Saturday morning, I decided to walk down to the Douchelamp and drop into Bolillo's for lunch.  Bolillo's sports an impressive torta menu, so vast, in fact, that it was an extremely conflicting experience for this white boy to make a decision. After a thorough, welcoming explanation of the menu from the charming cashier, I finally settled on the Huevo con Chorizo Torta ($7.50). The torta consisted of eggs, flavorful chorizo, and a layer of beans and cheese. Staggeringly delicious. I was in sheer heaven. The torta also came with a large roasted jalapeño pepper that was stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon. Needless to say, I annihilated that jalapeño. It was amazing. BUT there's more! The torta also came with my choice of corn on the cob (that's smothered in a sinful cheese) or a side salad. I have to admit that the corn cob was very tempting, but my guilt was already setting in so I opted for the side salad. I didn't regret it. The salad consisted of greens, fresh apple slices and berries. Beyond flavorful! It was the perfect contrast to the salty rich goodness of the torta. To take full advantage of my Groupon, I also had a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, bringing my total to a little over $13 for lunch, right within range of my $14 Groupon. Indeed, it's above-average in cost for a sandwich, but considering the quality of the torta, the amazing sides, AND an alcoholic beverage, I think it was well worth it. Will I be back? Absolutely. Although, I learned a lesson: Do not to try and walk to the Douchelamp from my home in Little Italy when hypoglycemic.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,10/21/2013,806,340,21,20,21>I have been to Okan for dinner twice and lunch...maybe 15 or so times.Each time I have gotten something different and every time I am extremely happy with my choice(s).Well...maybe, except the curry udon. It was done right. I just ain't a fan of curry udon.And if Okan can't get me to like curry udon, then no one can.Dinnertime gets hells pricey and very crowded. The first time I went was with the company. So, I can't really gauge dinner on that. Everything was great. But you know, you get a bunch of Japanese businessmen in a Japanese restaurant. Things tend to come to you a little fast and different/special. ^totally big leaguin'The second time I went to eat dinner here I was by myself. Yeah, no. Not going to happen again. This place is a total date spot. It would be up there in my top three places to take a date. Dining alone at this spot is like going to the movies alone: Michael Myers style with a blank, pale, emotionless face, and the blackest eyes, the devil's eyes sitting in a movie theater alone bad.Why I don't go to the movies alone. Hahaha...why I don't go to the movies. Anyways...If I ever do find someone who flips my cakes and I ask her out, this is where we are going. I wont be eating dinner here again basically is what I am saying in a roundabout way.Lunch is the deal (cash only at lunch).No crowd, same great food at a discounted price. Meals are between $8 and $14 at lunch and they are full meals. Like, the 1.5lb TV dinner trays full meals. Little rice, little hijiki salad, maybe some fried okra tossed in there, some natto...I dunno it changes up, the little side dishes that is.Quiet, not crowded, no lines, inexpensive, amazing lunch spot.I like it.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,10/20/2013,1070,356,4,10,6>My team decided to go out for lunch and when the suggestion came up for Las Cuatro Milpas, everyone said: "What????"Prior to arriving, I was told by the few that have been there that its like going to Grandma's house for lunch....   That's a pretty big endorsement!As we approached the restaurant, there was a line approximately 20-25 deep!  Luckily for us, some of my peers left early and was in the middle of the line.  The menu is probably the most simple taco shop menu I've ever seen. I ordered the rice and beans along with 2 tacos.  Once you get your food, you'll need to search for a table to sit at since its open seating.  In the main dining area, you can see tortillas being made in the back.  On to the food.Rice and Beans: I was told to add lemon, the hot sauce and cilantro.  Amazing!  The rice used is much smaller than your usual grain of rice and it was excellent!The two tacos were just ewzing with juice!  The tacos were crisp and the meat was full of flavor.  I probably could've had 2 more!So if anyone asks me if I've ever had authentic Mexican food, I can now say I've eaten at Las Cuatro Milpas.*Cash Only
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/19/2013,232,169,15,7,8>I like this place.Ordered some kind of flattened fried cornish game hen. The plate came out ON FIRE. BLUE FIRE. These guys know how to please.I enjoyed myself immensely.Walls are all tagged up from what I assume were jovially drunk patrons with cherry red cheeks and thick Ruski accents. "In SOVIET RUSSIA, WALDO FIND YOU."No joke. It's on the wall along with stuff in Russian...y'know, that one language that looks like English except sometimes, all of a sudden they'll replace a letter with squares and gibberish?Someone else was having a birthday. The entire room sang for them.Then they gave out vodka shots. TO EVERYONE.Brought a tear to my eye. Fine establishment.Back to the booze. It tasted sweet...instead of woe and suffering. Like normal vodka.Turns out it's wine vodka. Made with grapes instead of taters. New favorite hard alc.God. This review had nothing to do with food.Whatever.Eat here. I promise good things, great service, and FIRE.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,10/18/2013,419,343,5,10,5>Snooze is one of the two very popular breakfast restaurants in Hillcrest, Hash House a Go Go being the other. This translates to "they DO NOT take reservations AT ALL during breakfast times". If you go past 8am you WILL be waiting at the very least 20+ minutes, so *please* take that into consideration should you park in meters. For parking I usually would go in the residential areas between 1st and 3rd Ave and just walk several blocks. You might as well get some exercise to burn off all that food you'll be eating!VENUE: There's a small bar on the right side of the restaurant that is not walk-in, you actually have to be put on a wait list for this. The restaurant crowd tends to be on the younger side. The building architecture is also very similar to its neighbor restaurant D Bar.SERVICE: Excellent service both times I've been here. Waiters were very knowledgeable about  the menu and brought a bit of cheer in the morning. DRINKSThe story of their coffee is that it is picked, roasted and flown in from Guatemala each week. The drip coffee is served in these really cute yellow cups.Their Moscow Mule (forgot the exact name) also has a bit of grapefruit and gin and mellows out the ginger, which makes the drink less tart than other mules I've had.Orange Julius (Citrus vodka with Gran Torres, orange juice and whipped cream): Think a lighter version of a screwdriver, though as you finish your drink the vodka gets stronger!BREAKFAST ITEMS: Their claim to fame (as noted in the magazines posted on their walls) are their pancakes and their breakfast pot pie. If you're like me who cannot just do purely sweet or savory breakfast find someone willing to split an entree with pancakes. SavoriesBreakfast Pot Pie (Snooze's homemade rosemary sausage gravy smothers a flaky puff pastry, topped with an egg your style): The first bites were good as enjoyed the meat, gravy, puff pastry and eggs but it's not as tasty as it gets colder. It also doesn't hold well in the fridge the next day so it's best to eat all in one sitting. The puff pastry was also a little difficult to slice with a knife.Corned Beef Hash (Snooze's signature shredded hash mixed with locally made corned beef, caramelized poblanos and onions, with two eggs): Got this the second time around. My brother, sister and I LOVED the meat with eggs. Pancakes: If you really aren't totally in love with a pancake flavor PLEASE get the pancake sampler ($9), which lets you try THREE different pancakes. The single pancakes are similar to Hash House portions. Also keep in mind that some of the best pancakes actually aren't on the menu - they can make a pancake as long as they have the ingredients. Ask for the pancake of the day.Cinnamon Roll pancake, to quote the waiter, tastes EXACTLY like a Cinnabon. This was confirmed by everyone who ate it so far.Red Velvet with Oreo, Chocolate and Cream Cheese Frosting: Red Velvet and Oreo combination works surprisingly very well. Even with such rich flavor combinations the pancake itself wasn't too rich. Sweet Potato Pancakes (Our signature sweet potato buttermilk pancakes topped with homemade caramel, pecans and ginger butter): Think of a mild pumpkin pancake. It was amazing with the caramel and nuts. OMG! French Toast (Fresh brioche stuffed with mascarpone and topped with vanilla creme, salted caramel, agave soaked strawberries and toasted coconut.): Got this complimentary. OMG doesn't even begin to describe how delicious this is, but it sounds so appropriate. One of my cousins says that this is the best french toast he's ever eaten.The food is definitely worth the wait, that is if you can get people to wait for that long. I'm not a person who normally eats pancakes for breakfast, but I WILL make an exception for this place - this is my go to spot for pancakes in all of San Diego.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,10/17/2013,167,297,17,23,20>Our waiter told us "we did him proud" when dining here.  Salad?  Nope.  Pastas? Nope.  Crab legs?  Nope.  We by-passed the entire buffet, and even their tempting drinks, in order to devote our stomachs to trying every meat dish on their menu... TWICE.  Green light all the way, baby!They do know how to serve their meat.  The skirt steak, lamb, and bacon wrapped filet mignon have to be the best items on the menu.  Those little cheese puffs they pass around?  Don't waste your time.  Have patience and aproveitar a carne (seize the carne)!Nice place I wish I could afford to come to more often.  Although it seems a bit like a Vegas buffet, with it's hotel-decor and chick in a very short skirt mixing drinks in a cage (I kid you not), so I would not recommend this place for a first date or family outing.  20th date, however, when you don't mind stuffing your face in front of each other... bring it on!
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,10/16/2013,42,247,3,8,5>I went based on Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.  Light and airy falafel with a lot of flavor, unique chicken schwarma, big portions for the price, really nice service (an extra free side simply because the owner was being nice) and surprisingly good French Fries are some of the high points of this tiny place tucked in behind a gas station.  Without question I am going to be a repeat customer here.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,10/15/2013,139,240,4,5,4>Can't believe I didn't come here sooner!!! I was definitely missing out.My friend has been telling me about this place for years and inviting us every Sunday to come here and for some reason we had always declined.. now looking back, we were stupid!Best Taco Place EVER!*Warning - Food is so good that you could spend $$$ here without even realizing it! Restaurant:  SUPER SMALL.  There are about four small tables and two bar areas that you can seat maybe 10 people total.  They do have two outside tables to fit a large crowd.  Even though there are limited seating, you can always find a seat some where. Wait:  There is always a line, but service is fast and the food comes out lightening speed!Food:  We ordered:Taco:*Fish (.99 cents) - a must to get! It's fried batter. *Garlic Shrimp (3.00) - delicious*Shrimp Diabla (3.00) - spicy, just the way i like it!!  this is one of my favorites*Shrimp with cheese - (3.00) - also one of my favorites!*Smoked tuna taco - (around 3.50 or 4) - taste like bacon.. and looks like bacon!*Octopus - goodTostadas:* Shrimp Ceviche ( 3.50)- one of the best ceviches I have ever tried!! honestly, i don't really like ceviche and i would eat this everyday!*Ceviche a la Diabla - (4.00) - spicy!! i don't' know if I would order this again, but it's worth tryingOysters - Very clean and delicious!! I'm not an oyster girl because of past experience, but this one is fresh and clean!!! Cocktails - Mixed - GOOD!!!!! This place is a must!! The 30 minute drive is worth it! :)
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/14/2013,415,328,7,9,8>I recently enjoyed a happy hour birthday celebration here with quite a crowd of friends. The service was great! The waitress kept the drinks coming and didn't seem to mind that we moved an entire section of tables in the bar area over to one corner. The mai tais are the deal! The "get you drunk on the cheap" deal. Just go ahead and plan on cabbing it home. They also have appetizer deals. i enjoyed some delicious ahi poki, although not enough to soak up all of the drinks my friends were buying me. Happy hour is not your thing, check this place out for Sunday brunch. It's bottomless mimosa, all you can eat buffet style stations kind of brunch. I came here a few years back for Ruggy's birthday. Once again, great service and our waitress did not skimp on the champagne. If the booze and food doesn't bring you in, come for the beautiful view of the sail boats on the bay and a romantic sunset over the water. Any way you look at it, the Bali Hai is a winner!
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2006,12/2/2006,121,226,21,7,15>I've got a pretty pink and orange gerber daisy rimmed Certificate of Completion still in my old room at my dad's house. It says that I had completed a week-long surf camp, and am now fully trained in wave etiquette, and safety. I was a Surf Diva.It was the summer of 2002, I was recently laid off, recently returned to living under my dad's roof, and recently broken up from a 4+ yr relationship. Life sucked big fat monkey chunks.And so when my childhood buddy asked me to go with her on a week-long surf camp trip to San Diego, I said, sure, why the fuck not. Maybe I'll drown.It was one of the most wonderful, memorable trips of my life.Surf Diva Surf School is FANTASTIC. Surf culture, until the last 10yrs or so, had been highly testosterone driven. Everyone had a surf nazi/territorial locals tale to tell.  But the Surf Diva environment was sooo the opposite: nurturing, unintimating, secure, and FUN.  You couldn't find a more positive environment to learn how to surf in. Every instructor was a long-time surfer, a couple of the gals that taught my group were part-time life guards, and all had tons of experience in and around the ocean. They gave great practical advice about surfing and dealing with other surfers, and of course, really meaningful encouragement in the water.  Even after so long, surfing in the far less hospitable waters of Norcal, and not having improved beyond baby waves, I'm still as stoked about surfing as I was that first week.  I totally credit the Surf Diva gals for instilling me with the right attitude and lifelong love for the sport.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2006,12/1/2006,49,155,2,2,2>There are only a handful of great boutiques in the country's finest city, and JEP is one of the best.  If you're desperate for Development, longing for L.A.M.B. or eyeing that new Ella Moss, this is your shop.  Warning: for serious shoppers only.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2006,11/30/2006,8,7,,3,1>This place is soooo good!  The menu is a bit pricey, but well worth the dishes they offer.It may be the best dinner I've had in a couple of years.  All the dinner items that me and my family ordered were all very tasty and flavorful.  The dinner started off well with their clams/mussels appetizer...I highly recommend ordering it.  We also ordered a bottle of the Evolution wine.  Very excellent white wine if you like sweet tasting wines with a hint of berry flavor.Our waiter was really nice, and when we asked how their bread could be so great, they so generously brought out more for us with their special jam.  The only 2 things that bothered me was the smell of damp cloth when we entered and the dusty wine glasses our server brought out.  Other than that, I highly recommend this restaurant if you're in the mood for a nice dinner and are willing to try the flavorful product of fusing different cuisines...and remember, the entrance is AROUND the corner!
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2006,11/29/2006,32,9,,6,4>From the moment you walk into the door, you feel a sense of tranquility and serenity in this office. Dr. Michelle is sensitive, loving, and gentle, taking extra care to make adjustments properly. I went in especially for the ultrasound treatments on my neck and shoulders, but Dr. Michelle has also helped me with my most recent hip pain. But don't stop with just an adjustment, this center also has a massage therapist, Duane Fowler, who has amazing energy, and has done wonders for me personally. I highly recommend both Dr. Michelle and Duane for their work, their commitment to health and wellness, and for their wisdom not only in what they do, but in the kind of people they are, and how they make you feel.... better!
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2006,11/28/2006,11,28,1,4,1>If I'm in SD around brunch time, this is where I'll be. Cheddar and jalapeno and blackberry corn pancakes the size of a small pizza, delectable egg scrambles with fresh, inventive ingredients, and SD's famous bulging breakfasts replete with Cap'n Crunch, homemade jam, and supersized doggie bags. Scrumdiddly!
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2006,11/27/2006,0,0,7,2,2>Living across the street from this mall has it's advantages and disadvantages.advantage 1:  Euro spectating.  Especiallly around this time of year (fall), all the Euros get confused and think it's still summer.  Enjoy this creature(s) and their friendship as they smirk at you with their spikey hair, tight jeans, and euro shoes. disadvantage 1: Christmasadvantage 2: Bored La Jolla housemom viewing.  Yes Becky, we totally can't tell you're 41 with 3 kids being homeschooled by their nanny while you trounce around in your crazy all-turquoise velour sweat suit.  Congratulations, you've found meaning in life.disadvantage: homeless who hang out around the parking garage.  now, I have no problem with them per se, in fact I help out when I can.  It's just that they're damn unappreciative!  I had some cinnabon left over that I offered as a gift.  what do I get in return from a dude who's sign says "just hungry!"???   I get, "nah, I'm good"advantage 3: ability to walk across the street and be at the mall.  See disadvantage #1 for the reason why - this is also discussed by other reviewers as well.disadvantage 3: I don't have that much money. cheers!
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/27/2006,11/26/2006,41,45,3,2,2>This was one of my "go to" places when I was in my early twenties and living in Pacific Beach.  I still like to get one of their various curries there, but the thing that always brought me back was the salad and the beer.  The combo of the salad dressing with the any of the varieties of beer they serve always left a lingering memory that crept up on me and called me back for more.  The group seating at the tables is a fun way to meet other randoms and get your night started out right.  We used to have nick names for all the restaurants in PB and since some people got the slides from their spicy foods and it ryhmed with their name we called it "Anal Fury".  Butt the truth is, it was all good in the end.  Enjoy!
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2006,11/25/2006,5,17,,2,2>Mmmmmm, if you love jewelry, you're gonna LOVE this place.  Where art meets fashion.  The Jewel of La Jolla is the place to buy.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2006,11/24/2006,7,51,2,3,3>I can't wait tell the one by the sports arena (or epayone or whatever) opens.. that will rock.. no more 20 min trips to chula for my wife to get her chick-fix-on.  This place is pretty amazing for fast food though.  Clean and good.  Tuesday night is family night.. so if you aren't bearin' kids then beware.. it's complete chaos until 8 I think.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2006,11/23/2006,0,0,2,2,2>This zoo is pretty rad even though the Bonobos didn't do anything nasty. No freaky sex, no flinging of poo...nothing. Do they have those fellas drugged or something?At the time a Panda was being born, so we had to be real quiet at that end of the park.I'd love to go back.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,3/9/2013,281,408,6,6,6>This is the place to go if you want to watch football on a Sunday. Trust.  I've been coming here since moving to the 'hood a couple of years ago, and it's always worth it. The bartenders and servers are awesome, as are the other patrons (well, for the most part.)If you read other reviews you might realize that some people get their panties in a bunch about the TVs. "But I got there early!" they say. Yeah, if you're showing up at 9:45 on a Sunday morning expecting to just claim a TV in your primo desired spot, you're late. Just sayin'Food - all done by their neighbor Urban Solace and the breakfast is yummy, though I do wish they'd bring back the bagel sandwich. Lunch food is great too - I especially like the Siracha Garlic chicken fingers.I've never been on a weekend evening, though I've heard the crowd is different. Not really my style and all that, but for Game Day? It's perfect.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/8/2013,441,198,11,12,11>I was STARVING when I came here for a really late lunch at 2p, so the fact that I was salivating upon even walking inside the door doesn't factor into the rest of my experience. I arrived a few minutes before my buddy and was seated in "The Captain's Room" aka: the back room. Loved the booths and decor. As a shawty I enjoy the booths where I don't sink in and have to sit on my own damn self to reach the table. Spike Africa is new enough to still be ergonomic. Win. I love ceviche - and I love Spike Africa's ceviche. It's served with guacamole and a grilled lime. Not sure what grilling a lime does for the flavor (I didn't really perceive a difference) but it looks cool. The grilled globe artichoke is a HUGE appetizer, at least for me. The artichoke heart was plentiful and the citrus butter (ugh, I hate that I ate a tub of butter) was so delicious. Also comes with balsamic, didn't do it for me. The citrus butter tastes like McDonald's secret sauce, and I don't care who you are - vegetarian, vegan, raw foodist, Paleo Shmaleo . . . at one point in your life, you had a Big Mac and you slurped up that sauce. Now? You get to have it at Spike Africa with artichoke. You so fancy. My buddy had a salmon salad which he said was delicious. We decided to top off our siesta with coffee . . . .and ended up having to wait for a new filtration system to be installed before we got our coffee. (or something like that). The waitress came by twice to apologize, and on our third delay we got ourselves JOE, the manager, who ended up comping us the cups of Joe and a butterscotch pudding for our wait. Not that we noticed or cared, but Joe was unbelievably accommodating and apologetic. We were just happy we were getting ultra filtered water with our coffee and the butterscotch pudding was so decadent.  The waitstaff was super attentive, maybe even to the point of a little distracting, but I enjoyed the attention. Who am I even kidding? All in all, can't wait to go back. Oh, and instead of mints you get saltwater taffy. I love AFRICA! ;)
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/7/2013,599,257,10,16,13>CookieYummyGoodnessGrabbed a 1/2 dozen of these for a special occasion not too long ago and WOW...these are good.  They have a nice variety but BE WARNED...you will be best served if you go during the day or order ahead of time to ensure you get a nice variety.  They will run out of most flavors other than chocolate chip (which was still awesome) by late afternoon on many nights.They are also a little pricey for cookies that aren't necessarily large in size...but worth it..... a nice treat every now and then...I am glad I don't live closer or it would most definitely be more now!
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,3/6/2013,585,211,4,7,6>Found a new lunch spot close to work! I was just talking to the bff about hoping to find some hidden gems nearby, but thanks to yelp it wasn't too hard. I guess we looked lost when we looked at the menu b/c the owner could tell it was our first time. He then proceeded to give us samples of EVERY single meat they had: tri-tip, brisket, pulled pork, panini chicken, pastrami, etc. We ended up deciding on the brisket on a french roll and pastrami on rye. The pastrami was even better with mustard, grilled veggies, and swiss on it :) The dining area is pretty unique with a lot of antiques and definitely pays a tribute to veterans + military. We will be back!
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/5/2013,975,197,16,19,20>I've held off on writing a review for the Neighborhood, well simply because, there's so many reasons why I love this place that my review would end up being a novel. And so it begins...When I first moved to San Diego two years ago, Neighborhood was one of the first restaurants I tried. I happened to just stumble upon it one day. The décor of this place is captivating. It's very artsy and creative. There's fake grass on the patio and grass along the outside wall. There's always neat pictures hung up. The restaurant is rather quite small, which makes it difficult for large parties, but keeps a nice intimate feel.This place is known for having great craft beers on tap- but my favorite thing on tap here is the Root Beer & Bourbon. Yup, that's right, root beer & BOURBON- ON TAP. It's nothing short of amazing.Their menu is quite interesting & pairs odd things together yet works so perfectly, it's magic. They have salads, sandwiches, appetizers, meat and cheese boards, and by far THE BEST BURGER I'VE EVER HAD. Now, I've tried a lot of burgers, but Neighborhood takes the gold. I love everything on their menu and I always want to try something new every time I go, but I just can't go to the Neighborhood and not get a burger. It's a must. Oh, & I should warn you- don't' ask for ketchup. It's a crime and an insult to their fine culinary establishment. Trust me, ketchup will ruin whatever it is you're eating here. I can't really describe why I love this place so much, because words don't do it justice. Whenever I have out of town guests, I take them here and make them try a burger. Give this place a shot- trust me, you'll love it.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,3/4/2013,480,252,4,5,7>Very fresh seafood, and very good pricing.I love this place as they carry products you would be hard pressed to find anywhere else. From several levels of uni (sea urchin) and tuna cuts, to live lobster along with whole crabs and claws on ice. They even have a chef in the corner preparing dishes of catch of the day items. Take some time to say hi to her, as she is extremely friendly and more than willing to teach you how to prepare what she is cooking. I took home not only some fresh seabass, but the exact preparation that the chef had used so that I could re create her tasty recipe myself. You can order ahead and have your order ready to go when you get there.They state $25 minimum for credit card orders, but was able to get by below that on a few items I forgot to grab with my initial order.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,3/3/2013,280,181,7,9,8>Nothing beats pizza and beer. The $10 lunch special includes their house salad and choice of pizza or pasta. The salad is ahhhhmazing - goat cheese, walnuts, and green apple slices. I got full off of the dough balls and huge salad that I could barely eat half of my pizza. I recommend the BBQ Chicken over the Thai Chicken pizza. Walking in I glanced at the beer board and automatically wanted to try the Nut Brown. . I can't remember the whole name but it was delicious!! You can't beat the view of the dock, yachts, and gorgeous blue skies. I'll definitely be back because their Happy Hour menu looked too good to pass up!
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/2/2013,304,82,12,13,8>94th is the truth folks. For a masochist like myself I like to feel the pain of over consumption after a Sunday brunch.  A brunch so good you have to be dragged out of the door by your compatriots because you most likely have other things to do.  Things like find the next stop on your journey of self destruction.  And 94th gave me just that feeling. Every thing is up for grabs at this place.  Bottomless mimosas, 2 carving stations, and an abundance of seafood options, rolled sushi, fresh fruit and veggies etc..  There were at least 3 brek choices and 3 lunch/dinner meals prepped and ready.  All kept hot and circulated freshly.  Cleanliness is a big deal for me at these brunch/buffet locals and I hone in on griminess.  94th kept it tight though, handles on chaffing dishes were wrapped with cloth napkins, handles on most serving utensils were as well.  Show up with an appetite and this place will not let you down.  We had a large group probably 10 and they were very accommodating and put up with our B.S. very smoothly.  There is one crazy waitress in here that you have to get she'll basically just set the bottle of pagne' down at your table.  And if she likes you, a head massage and cool towel wrap are def. non menu options.  Check out the pictures.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,3/1/2013,720,560,14,14,13>I have been a bad bad bad boy.... My partner's b-day was the same day as the Yelp Elite party.  I invited him to come but he hates crowds and standing up especially small talk.  He works better in art openings or mini gatherings.  So I went to the event and enjoyed myself with other Yelpers.However, I am not that bad, I know he loves desserts so with my friend in tow (dropping her off), we went to ExtraOrdinary Desserts.  The name says it all and because I have not been here in ages, it was like stepping into a wonderland of desserts.  The Little Italy location is the mothership of the smaller version in Hillcrest.  It has a bigger space, modern and serves food.  But the highlight as always was the desserts they serve for dine in or take out.  They have a wonderful method by way of clipboards.  It's clever and dangerous.  First you oooh and ahh on the desserts and wonder if the prices are worth it, then you notice the clipboard sheet allows you to put as many desserts as you want (8 lines).  Well after perusing the lovely case of desserts ranging from sweet to decadent, I made my choices.  Once I saw the Pavlova with its colorful fruit on top and the lemon meringue bottom, I was in love.  As some of you who have read my reviews, I am not a sugar fanatic but sometimes it overcomes any thoughts but only fulfills that empty feeling... i digress.Of course, it wasn't the final choice.  Although the Pavlova looked great, it wasn't my birthday, it was Brian's so with his taste for that sweet decadent chocolicious dessert, I picked the triple chocolate mousse as an option.Prices are what you expect from a highly praised and well known place but as long as it's for a special occassion, it is worth it.After getting home, Brian had his choice of either the Pavlova or the Triple Chocolate mousse (now I have to say that both desserts are not tiny pieces), he chose the Pavlova which we shared.  The layers of flavors, sweet meringue, tart filling and of course the mix of sweet and tart fruits (strawberry, kiwi, raspberries).  The mousse cake will have to wait another day (next day we are sure).P.S.  The next day, the mousse cake was still untouched by Brian but I had to get a bit of taste and it's heavenly.  Like Angels lifted you to the clouds and made a place for you in their soft billowy pillows.(Location is not hard to find but parking is another matter, since I was only stopping to pick up something, I parked illegally.  I wouldn't recommend it if you were dining in or having coffee and dessert.  Your car might be either ticketed or gone by time you finish your lovely dessert.)
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,2/28/2013,53,343,9,7,4>Place is relatively new, and the only reason we came here was cuz of Manna.So this is Manna's baby sister restaurant. Thursday night we go to Manna around 6, and the line like usual  insane. Guy at the counter of Manna tells us, "Hey, go to Vibe, drink a bit and we will call the bar when your table is up."So we could either stand outside for an hour with the throngs of people over spilling onto the sidewalk or grab a few beers? No brainer right?The place is literally around the corner. Pitchers were about $15 bucks, but get this... Happy Hour? 1/2 off. Yah we literally ordered 2-3 pitchers for cheap. The staff is insanely nice, and the appetizers were actually really good. After about an hour the bartender told us our table was ready and we stumbled over to Manna. Lo and behold, our table was ready and waiting.Pro's - decently priced food and drinks while you wait for MannaCon's - Wait, why did we get drunk and eat before going to an All you can eat KBBQ...
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,11/18/2014,206,469,7,13,13>Took a while but i finally made it here. Adams avenue has so much to offer, delicious French, Mexican, American, Thai, Sushi, Italian...Normal heights is a true gem.I didnt feel compelled to run to the Haven when it first opened up, the ownership is the same as kensignton cafe and i am not a huge fan of Kensington cafe service (hit or miss). But the Haven blew me away!We attended dine out for life and the staff was lovely, super busy night but the girl at the counter (tiny bar) made sure to check on us often.I had the margharita pizza, the meatball appetizer was devine.Cant wait to come back!
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,11/17/2014,65,103,9,10,10>This place is great to stop in for a nice tasty treat!  Great little cozy corner side type coffee shop/ bakery.  Situated on the outskirts of Little Italy, this SD gem is a definite spot to grab nice cup of coffee or reward yourself with a luscious scoop of gelato!This place is usually quite busy with a small line out the door, but the wait is not too long.  The goodies inside are worth it!  You cannot go wrong with their Affogato! Nice creamy scoop of vanilla gelato drenched in a fresh shot of espresso, this treat will definitely wake up your senses!  Their gelato selection is great as well, ranging from sweet, to rich, or tart, their ice box will have something to tantalize your taste buds.  The scoops arn't monster sized, but this place is pushing the quality over quantity.  Two small scoops in a waffle cone for $5, but it is a delicious $5 well spent :)  I have yet to try any of their baked goods, but they all do look yummy.  From savory panini to decidant pastries, Papalecco has their bases covered in the baked goods department.  I will definitely need to come back and give them a shot.Some indoor seating, but not the most spacious.  Suggest grabbing a table out on the sidewalk/ patio, or just grab and go your yummy treat and take a stroll down Little Italy.  I will definitely be back to try more of their menu.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,11/16/2014,101,25,8,17,15>Yes I know a Place for the breakfast, its amazing and great. YEAH Folks its all about to have a wonderful breakfast here. I really loved that place for the breakfast point of view. The more you eat, the more you wanted to eat. Coffee and desserts was also tasteful. I happened to go there, when my friend from LA came to see me, i went with her there and enjoyed a good food and environment. its lovely to go there.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,11/15/2014,256,133,22,11,14>I'm Chiquita's Mexican Food, And I've come to sayMy food is muy delicioso In a major way.That's the extent of my Spanish, Not to be rude.Honestly, I'm really just a monolingual, lame-ass, Very white dudeBut you can get the chile relleno...Me?YES! YES! YES!The greenish sauce is spicy...It comes with beans and rice-yHow 'bout me?YES! YES!The taco is filled with beef and guac...Tastes so good that you won't talk.You could get the carnitas...YES! YES! YES!It's impossible to beat them...Any way that you eat themUnless you are a Mexican food hater...There will be no seconds for your refrigerator SI! SI! SI!youtube.com/watch?v=RFDO…
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,11/14/2014,288,286,10,12,11>Had a groupon and came in with a gf.  We went on a Wednesday evening at 7:15 and it was already packed.  We decided to sit in the bar section so that we can watch them make our food.  We had ordered: Ramen (beef) burger with underbelly: This was 'different'.  Not bad but not good either.  It was nothing that I am used to.  I think they pan sear the noodles, which is your buns, and they coat the beef and deep fry it.  I couldn't really taste the underbelly that came with the beef burger.  That burger was so greasy I think I had half of a heart attack that night when I got home!  I'm not sure if I'd order this again.  They had added a piece of lettuce and tomato but honestly, what for?  The siracha mayo complimented the burger well and the sweet potato fries with powdered sugar was done well.  I think they sprinkled crack cocaine because those fries were addicting!!  Now I can mark my list off for trying ramen burger.  Spicy premium mild ramen with chicken - very rich in flavor.  I LOVED all the ingredients in there.  I think there were some bamboo shoots but definitely some fried garlic, seaweed, half of a slightly salted egg and some other goodies.  I'd come back for ramen.  I am not a ramen type of girl and only had ramen twice.  Here and at Tajima and this one takes the cake!Service was good but parking sucks so good luck trying to find it!  I will come back to try another ramen and curry... and maybe pick off of someone sweet potato fries.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,11/13/2014,971,479,12,14,14>UPDATED REVIEW! Although my first visit to Prepkitchen Little Italy was not as great one, I had the opportunity to return for another visit.  This time Tupac and I had Mai as our server.  We were greeted by a pleasant young lady who took us over to our table. Shortly after our server, Mai, came by and introduced herself and took our drink order.  Mai is such an asset to Prepkitchen.  She's knowledgeable of the dishes they serve  and has a very pleasant personality.  I saw a patrons napkin fall to the ground and she quickly walked by and picked it up then said she'll get her a new one.  Now, that's service to me.  The food is always amazingly yummy and I would highly recommend the rib eye steak which was juicy, tender and full of flavor.  I've tried a lot of their dishes andeverything puts a smile on my face.  Nothing negative to say but only good things.  Thank you David and Mai for making my visit a pleasurable one.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/12/2014,242,315,13,13,14>I'd like to add a little ps to the 5 stars' "Woohoo! As good as it gets!". In San Diego.Which it is. We're not a city known for our BBQ. I get that. But where Phil's is routinely given 5 star ratings by diners, I am positive that giving Coops a rating lower than Phil's would be a crime.I try not to give a lot of 5 star ratings because that would defeat the purpose. As good as it gets doesn't come around very often, and you're lucky to find them when you do. For me, it means that the service, food, and price were awesome and I had a great experience. The people working at Coops were fantastic. Warm, welcoming, gave me a sample of buttermilk pie. The food was really delicious. We got the 6 meat sampler because, well, we wanted the meat sweats or something? No, real talk, it was because having leftover BBQ food for days is something we learned after our wedding and is the BEST THING EVA.So we got brisket, jerk chicken, texas sausage (weekends only), beef ribs, rib tips, aaaaaand... something else I can't recall. It also came with 2 large sides, we got red beans and rice and cole slaw. My favorites, which surprised me a ton, were the sausage and the chicken. Totally delicious. The brisket had excellent smoke penetration (oh yeah baby) and was super tender. GREAT BBQ sauce. Noms.Cole slaw was mustardy and really tasty. Red beans and rice I liked better the next day with Tabasco. I'm used to my dad's RB&R that has andouille and tasso in it, which this didn't, but it was still very good.I probably shouldn't mention they let us bring in beers from the liquor store next door as long as we drank them out of paper bags, but I will anyway. That was really my favorite part. So we're still eating leftovers, 2 meals later. And the stuff gets even better after a couple days in the fridge. One more note! They do Mogl so I got 10% cash back. Get ye to Coops!
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,11/11/2014,119,190,10,14,11>These guys were fantastic: on time, extremely courteous, hard working and very careful with the packing and moving. All told, it cost about $500 for two guys to pack and move my entire 1 bedroom apartment in about 5 hours, including all the boxes and supplies they provided. If you provide your own boxes they would happily use them instead and you can save a little on cost. Their prices for boxes are about 10% - 20% higher than what you can get them for at a U-Haul. I especially appreciated Dima's professionalism when explaining the process and providing updates via text message throughout the day (I thought it would be better to get our of their hair while they packed). The only negative was I had originally reserved a three man crew but one of the guys never showed up. Dima and Johan were very apologetic and I wasn't too concerned, but it did push back the time to completion a little. They charged me the lower two-man rate, naturally.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,11/10/2014,521,751,12,17,12>In my best Bahstonnn accent impression just to add some flowerful visual to this review, "we've been on a real pizza bendahhh..." I'm happy to report I think this bendahh stops here! This place is the bomb!! We ordered a 16",  hand tossed, half pepperoni, black olive, and sausage, and half grilled chicken with meatball. $23 and worth every penny. 25 minute quick turn around, and made with true family down home heart. A damn good pie, and topped off with excellent service!
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,11/9/2014,734,200,12,17,15>I admit I was a bit nervous about trying this out. I have zero talent and painting in front of others seemed scary. But Jeff was awesome. The step by step instruction made it easy. And I managed to paint something recognizable!I also liked being able to bring our own wine and food. It made a great date night activity!
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,1/9/2010,189,207,40,23,22>"Hey, come with me to the beach!"Yeah, that sounds harmless enough. Sure, I'll get my shit together and drive up to Encinitas. no worries. I have a small crush on you so why wouldn't I drive 20 or some odd miles outta my way to see you in a bikini!?Well I wouldn't if I knew it was gonna be myself, you and your ex boyfriend. That's so awesom and completely not awkward for me...The fact that this beach is amazing just saved your ass. They have a lot for parking but I was able to find a spot under a tree just two blocks away. The actual beach was awesome and I'd seriously drive up there again sans the stupid girl and her stupid ex boyfriend. I mean why not, there was plenty of good looking girls there and who knows...I might get me a date. Yeah a date with a girl that wants to date just me...not me and her ex boyfriend.I say if you live in north county or even if you don't...scope this beach out...
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2009,1/8/2010,645,258,41,38,36>Before I begin I just want to say my daughter is getting better. After 10 days I am finally able to sit outside with her and watch her laugh. Every since this happened I have wanted to post my experience however my PC crashed which left me with my cell. If any of you have ever tried to write a review from your cell then you must know why I waited for the return of my PC. My daughter came down with the flu, not just the regular flu...."The Swine Flu" Thank goodness for my friends & family who dropped off food, called & sent fb messages because other than that I have been house bound for @ 9 days. Even after taking her to the dr's her fever stayed @ 102. On the 5th day she couldn't breathe and had a headache so bad she was screaming. As soon as her fever went up and began coughing up blood I called 911. No kidding the paramedics & fire truck were here in 5 minutes. OK people...looking back I wasn't thinking of anything other than my daughter's health but now that things are better do you think someone could have told me how in shape, good looking and how charismatic each of these men were as they were standing at my door. Do you think in the 7 hours that I woke up I could have put a comb through my hair, brushed my teeth or changed my "Do you think I'm sexy shirt"? Seriously folks, as I caught a glimpse of my reflection in hall mirrors my doo resembled that of a Mohawk with a couple of cow lick parts which looked like a road map through my scalp...Oh well, all that mattered was my daughter getting better. The men at Fire Station #7 were informative, calming and easy on the ol'' eyeball. Yes, this is coming from someone who had Sponge Bob on for 10 days but nonetheless if you live in my area and you call 911 chances are you will get the men from Fire Station #7. Just remember, it's up to you how you use this important information : )
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,1/7/2010,415,328,16,22,22>In a neighborhood filled with houses that require bars on all the windows, I found a little piece of heaven. If it was not for Yelp and Mikey the taco hunter, I would have never found this place. Yes there is a restaurant that is yellow and blue in color, but all the magic comes out of the taco truck parked next to it. You order your food at a stand located between the two that is holding horchata and a few jugs of other drinks, then you take your ticket over to the taco truck window and that is where the magic begins. Out of that window comes plates filled with delicious carnitas and asada filled tacos. They bring a tray of condiments to all the tables. Hands down, these are the best tacos I have ever had and I got to wash it all down with a few Pacificos. Nice!
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,1/6/2010,158,76,21,24,23>I'm not going to say that Belly Up is my favorite venue in San Diego, since it shares the first place with The Casbah. They differ in a couple of ways, Belly Up definitely stands out for it's acoustics and sound system. That is in my opinion the best in the area.Their sound system really got tested when Mogwai played there a while ago, which is mainly instrumental music ("popstrock"). Only the better music venues with a good sound system can "handle" this band, since they are loud, very loud and use a lot of volume and instrument changes/transitions to get you into their music. Their whole point of volume is to feel your body shaking, and they can't cover their "noise" up with vocals or a hot lead singer. I love them. They end their show with a lot of (computer) noise, and if you don't use your earplugs or your fingers to reduce the noise you would be deaf by now if they play in a venue as the Belly Up, since their sound system could definitely handle a band like this. Great sound.The Belly Up is intimate, attracts a nice crowd, is able to score good bands, is not that expensive, serves food and beer, and the staff is very attentive. You can either stand in front of the stage or sit down at the side while or after enjoying drinks/happy hour or food. So basically all you want from a music venue.My other favorite music venue,The Casbah definitely wins when it comes to opening acts since they often do a great job scoring interesting, small new bands while the Belly Up sometimes has bands opening that are "Meh".  But other than that I can't think of any points of critique. I check their playlist every month and go here as soon as a band plays that I want to see since it's more than worth the drive.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,1/5/2010,184,125,38,32,32>I'm sayin' it: ****BETTER RIBS THAN PHIL'S!!!!**** 5 Stars for the BBQ Pork Ribs dinner AND the chicken & waffle plate. If you doubt my story, you must know that I lived within a mile of Roscoe's off Sunset Blvd for 7 years and yes, I'd walk my stoned little blond girl ass in there and order me some chicken with 2 waffles, amongst other menu items. I'd ignore the stink eye and the "daaayum, girl" comments, grab my food and split! Unless, I had an escort to accompany me, and pay for my din din. Once sat at a table next to Snoop. Shizzle. Back to Bonnie Jean's Homegirl's Momma makes the BBQ sauce and homegirl's husband cooks the ribs. TO DIE FOR. Go eat them now. Lock your car door. Go before the sun sets. Don't act scared. Play checkers while you wait for your food. Or Uno, whatevs. I promise you'll love the food. ps - no alcohol but.... they do have Kool Aid and Sweet Tea!
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,1/4/2010,245,144,23,25,23>Variety is the spice of life. Luckily for you, Don Carlos gets that.The lengthy and at times overwhelmingly all-encompassing menu is a testament to the veritable spectrum of Mexican cuisine served up in this unassuming Mom and Pop. And no matter the cause, Don Carlos backs your plight.DeathMex for those who are looking for guilty grub as tasty as it is offensive to the delicate sensibilities of the digestive tract. DrunkMex for saucers who insist that Mexican food [coupled with an Arm & Hammer cocktail or four] is the hangover holy grail. I recommend Don Carlos' appropriately named "Hangover Burrito" for the ale that ails you (or you can simply satiate your daily irony quotient through per chance eavesdropping involving minors ordering said burrito).HealthMex for chronic calorie counters and salad tossers who dig guilt-free grubbing without compromising taste and palatability. NostalgiaMex for those who dare feast on tamales that'll cause them to question their allegiance to grandma's cooking.  VegMex for those who, against the god(s?) and natural selection respectively, subsist solely on vegan fare [sans the heaping spoonfuls of on-the-house apathy you'd get at a festering shit hole like Pokez]. Best potato rolled tacos you'll ever have the pleasure of putting in your undeserving mouth.Don't resist the urge to pry yourself from your couch.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,1/3/2010,804,248,17,21,20>So you're in a mood for a sandwich. Something cheap, quick and good! Subways, fail.Quiznos, you're gonna need more than $5 for a foot long.And Submarina, sorry, but who actually eats there? Well, if you haven't tried a Vietnamese sandwich before, this should be your first and possibly your last stop in San Diego. If you aren't too familiar with banh mi sandwiches, the chicken and beef  (#10 and #11) is what I would suggest. Actually, those are the only things I ever order. Most places put just a sprinkle of veggies so I always ask for a little bit more. Perhaps they do, perhaps they don't, but they typically add enough and they don't charge extra like other places do. The bread they use always taste fresh and never too chewy or hard. Too much dough gets in the way from you tasting all the flavors that makes a sandwich good! They have traditional american sandwiches as well. There are other treats I keep telling myself that one day I'll give in and order. But I'm really happy with what I find to be the reason for my visit, which is their delicious sandwiches.I'm on the road a lot and accessibility is important to me. It's typically in route of where I'm going. It's near my house and pretty much right off of the freeway. The parking lot can get a little full during weekday lunch hours. That could have a lot to do with Mesa College being up the street. But it's never taken me much more than a minute or so before I find a spot. And as far as the wait time, no complaints here. They call out my number before I even have a chance to respond to an email on my phone.So for those days when I don't want to give a second thought about where and what I'm going to eat cause all I know is that I'm starving and in a rush, I end up here. Eagerly ready with my  3 dollars for the sandwich that always makes me ...hollar!!
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2009,1/2/2010,620,1444,24,21,18>It's grand-opening and that means service will be great until this place gets discovered. Review of the bar:This place is very non-La Jolla (which is a good thing); very risky concept in a mind-numbing, conservative town. All I have to say is, I love this concept. The Cohn Group spent A LOT of money decorating this restaurant and it shows. And not to gloss over the details,  the restrooms have Dyson Airblades.They have menu items like "Hot Thang Wings" and pictures of naked girls (tasteful, not obscene) which is why you have to be 21 to enter. Maybe I am abnormal but I love vodka on ice (on the rocks if you want to be fancy). This is looked down upon but I'm sorry, I like vodka on the rocks; am I a criminal?All vodkas are $7 whether made as a martini or in purist fashion, poured on the rocks. Yes, $7 for a full-size serving. You bet I took advantage of this and probably had more than I should have.ZUBROWKA Bison Grass which is one of my FAVORITE vodkas, on the rocks. This rustic, smooth vodka is lightly green, showing the true portrayal of its sexy, man-handling but elegantly refined self. Blissful Heaven (capitalized, son), sweet Starsky & Hutch vodka investigators, I love this vodka. If you've heard of this vodka, I'm buying you a round (really, PM me) because this baby is rare.  Then next on my list was Stolichnaya Elit. This vodka (also) from the heavens was a full-body but satiny smooth liquid of pure blissful pleasure; very light to the taste but still 80 proof, 40% alcohol. Microscopically sweet to the taste, this was a full-body vodka that was no wimp in the fight. Stoli Elit is not snob nor nerd; Stoli Elit is a mountain made from a molehill and it has no reservations because quite frankly, it doesn't need them. It is, Stoli Elit. Ultimat vodka. I thought the bartender was pulling my feathers saying this is "The Ultimate" but it was actually the name of the brand. This vodka, which is mixture of grain and wheat, was delicious and VERY full-body (very strong even on ice). Fortunately, it doesn't protrude a rubbing alcohol taste. Cool looking features but awkward bottle shape. She let me hold it, that is, the vodka bottle =) Onto, my next vodka.What can bleed without cutting itself? Charbay Blood Orange. It was very good but only with the first few sips. It was sweet, too sweet to sip (better used in a mixed drink rather than over ice).My temptations had a vodka happy ending and it was made pleasurable by Rain's Cucumber Lime vodka. I'm usually against organic tree-hugger crap but Rain? You have it going!! I will hug your tree any day of the week. A night of vodka drinking has to be classically and ceremoniously finished with a mildly-sweet vodka just like how a proper sushi dinner needs to be finished with unagi or tamago.I have a hard time ordering steak at restaurants because I need it cooked my way (over mesquite wood at home or in a 400+ degree broiler) so I don't think I'll be ordering steak here. But I'm not a snob, I eat ox blood sausages and love deep-fried chicken gizzards so I appreciate all kinds of foods. However, I will definitely be back for their Aphrodite-worthy vodka and. Their lobster mac n' cheese has a nice crust on top but the dish is bland and mediocre. Calamari was a little spicy for me since they used Thai chili sauce but it was still delicious and the size of it was...well not Asian (aka, it very big and large & in charge. aka it was very well-endowed).  They are holding off on marketing and promotions for a week which is why you aren't see this everywhere but you will soon. The Cohn Group learned from their Corvette Diner (Point Loma) grand-opening diaster (2-hour wait for a table, hour wait for food). 3 hours for Corvette Diner? No thanks!For steak, no point in ordering from LJ Strip Club if you're looking for USDA Prime (they serve Choice). Overall, good steak in SD is hard to come by (good luck finding dry-aged except at select markets like Bristol Farms and Whole Paychecks). Fleming's La Jolla is my favorite for steak even though it's wet-aged because of the good food in a sexy, dark, young atmosphere (which LJ Strip Club has but w/o USDA Prime steak).VODKA - MAKING UGLY PEOPLE (and UCSD alumni*) BEAUTIFUL FOR 500+ YEARS. THANK YOU, EUROPE!* I still love UCSD ('06 Marshall)
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,1/1/2010,765,361,32,27,24>Of course people are going to give 5 stars for boobs, booty and bush (that's mainly why I too am allotting 5 stars). Everyone dreams of going to a nude beach covered in naked hot people, but that's pretty much never what you get. In a perfect world I suppose...A great place to come for a great workout and I wouldn't suggest making the trek unless you can make the return trip without trouble. The beach itself and the scenary (*not necessarily including the nekked peeps) are beautiful and spectacular....a must see if you will.I have yet to unleash the beast and expose myself, mostly because it's likely in people's best interest not to be subjected to what I've got goin' on...perhaps someday.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,12/31/2009,472,335,15,18,16>The first time I came here, I decided to try a Cheez Whiz steak to try and get that sort of experience you're supposed to get when digging into a supposedly authentic cheesesteak.  The result?  A damn good sandwich.My prior experience with cheesesteaks were limited to pretty much just a local joint in Ventura county where they pile on steak, processed cheese slices, sauteed onions, and marinara sauce onto a big white roll.  Great food times, and it's still a taste that reminds me of home.This time around, I decided to do a more direct matchup of my hometown's cheesesteak place versus Gaglione Bros.  I ordered the 12-inch pizza steak, which was steak, cheese, onions, and marinara on a fresh amoroso roll.As hesitant to say in fear of betraying my roots, I have to give it up to the Gagliones.  Their sandwiches are so good.  I feel like they are the fundamental interpretation of the item that is the cheesesteak.  Don't know what a cheesesteak is? Go to Gaglione Bros and taste EXACTLY the way they're supposed to be.Congrats guys.  I won't think of it as you guys helping me forget about my past.  Instead, I'll see it as the Gaglione cheesesteak making San Diego even more of a home for me.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2010,8/22/2011,859,450,19,16,18>Date: August 25, 2010Time: around 9:00 pmEating: Bourbon bread pudding a la modeReason: pre-birthday treat for me....miss v :DSo, after eating our fabulously delicious dessert, we started talking about Double Rainbow (youtube.com/watch?v=OQSN… if you don't know)One person hadn't seen it.....of course, we had to show them!So there we are, hunched over my phone, the volume on high and this guy walks by to go to the bathroom. The crying moaning reaching an all time high....he stops and whips his head at us, the proceeds to give us a WTFFFFFF look like we were pervs watching porno inside Heaven Sent.He continued to steal looks at us during the rest of our time there, obviously wondering wtf kind of sick people we were.Awesome way to ring in my birthday :DNot to mention the bread pudding was ahhhhh-mazingly mouthgasm worthy. Double weeeeeeeeeeeee =D
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,8/21/2011,312,137,9,13,13>Despite the fact that I adore the concept and the owner, I have to admit I have been a little hesitant to have dinner here. I've heard so many mixed reviews. When folks whine about the price, I pretty much ignore that criticism. You're going to pay more for sustainable seafood and grass-fed beef. And I do actually care where my food comes from, thank you very much! However, when so many folks comment on the flavor of the dishes being so-so or worse, I listen. Seriously, some of the comments, I cannot bring myself to repeat on the Internets. But then...they got a new chef recently! When I previewed the menu for the 3rd Year Anniversary party I was quite literally salivating. I am definitely growing weary of bacon EVERYTHING. Seriously, I get it. It's great but can we move on to the "next big thing" already? That being said, the bacon jam on the deviled eggs was AH-mazing. I thought maybe its because I haven't had any bacon in a loooong time but my carnivorous companion was raving about it as well. While I enjoyed everything I tried (and I definitely got my $15 worth) the other standouts for me were the Albacore Tartine with Tapenade on Crostini, Crab Salad with Fresh Corn on Endive, Shishito Peppers with Smoked Salt and Herbs, and....the effin' grilled Sardines. I left quite a trail of fish heads on sticks in my wake. It was a massacre. I'm not proud...I'm just sayin' There were two dishes I had that were just just okay: the Charred Octopus Tacos and the Gnocchi with Chard, Carrot Puree, Herbs and Pecorino. While I really liked the house made tortilla, the taco topping overwhelmed the octopus completely. When I did finally manage to taste the octopus, it was lovely. The Gnocchi...maybe the carrot puree just needed a pinch of salt? It just kind of fell flat.I have only been for one other event, Salsa Sushi which I really enjoyed. I recommend checking it out. When I went the menu included: ceviche, grass-fed braised beef and mushroom with caramelized onion rolls garnished with pico de gallo, cabbage, and house made sauces like chimichurri and picante sauce. YUM!
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,8/20/2011,376,293,10,15,11>Yayyy it's Lent time which means I am on the prowl for some tasty fish eats!!Having heard such great reviews on this place, I decided to venture here this past weekend and was definitely NOT disappointed!The order:-Snapper salad with avocados and vinaigrette:  Very fresh and light.  3.5/5 sporks-Snapper sandwich:  Flavorful, fresh, delish!  4/5 sporks -8 oz cioppino:  more tomato-ey than I liked, but still tasty with huge hunks of fish.  3/5 sporks -8 oz ceviche:  tangy, fishy deliciousness.  Great with tortilla chips!  4/5 sporksOverall, small cozy fish market with very fresh tasting seafood and deliciously grilled sandwiches, tacos, rice plates and salads.  You can also purchase raw fresh seafood by the pound.  I still prefer Blue Water Seafood Grill on India St. for their fish sandwiches and cioppino, but this spot is worth a taste.  The only negative was that my order was almost $40, so the yummies here come with a relatively hefty price tag.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,8/19/2011,489,320,22,22,23>Calling all SPIN lovers !!!! I LOVE SPIN !!! If I had a baby, I would name him/her 'Spin.'Ha ! Okay..maybe not that extreme, but if you know me, I practically live, breathe, and if it was possible eat Spin !Ya ! It's my current addiction or what I prefer to call it, my sweetest sin ! We're like two peas in a pod. INSEPARABLE !!! What can I say ??? I LOVE it that much !So hearing about a neighborhood studio that specializes in spinning really got me STOKED and UBER EGGCITED !Shout out to Yoon P. for recommending this place. Thanks girlfriend ! ;)First class is FREE so I definitely wanted to take advantage of this offer and give it a shot ! 'Spin Sculpt' is one of the classes that appealed to me. It incorporates both spin and weights. Noice ! The instructor, Cat was awesome and I'm pretty picky with my instructors. I loved Cat's format, routine, and most importantly, MUSIC !Spin bikes are the latest versions and I feel like I'm getting a better workout from it. It's refreshing to try something different other than the typical spin class you would take at the gym. It's a smaller group setting and seats are limited, but once you get a spot, you'll have a bike reserved for you every time you attend. Check out their website for the class schedule and class rates !If you're a spin lover like me or even thinking of starting, you should definitely give 'Studio Sweat' a trial run. Did I mention the first class is FREE ??? So there really is no excuse peoples. Thanks Cat and staff for opening up this awesome studio. Looking forward to more kick@$$ workouts !
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2010,8/18/2011,432,198,17,14,12>Ok, the review I wrote before this one described how much of a fatty I am. Let me redeem myself and write a somewhat "healthy" review. Flame Broiler offers a "healthy" alternative to your typical fast food joints. GOOD:- The Works Bowl: Beef. Chicken. Veggies. Brown Rice.- Portions: They pack the bowl with food! (enough to share, I'd rather not though!)- Fast Service: Order is ready within five minutes!- Prices: For 5 bucks, I'll pass on a footlong and get myself a bowl.BAD:- Magic Sauce: First of all, covering your food in a sauce that is also the nickname of "my sauce that brings life" is gross. Second, they allow you to fill cups (like taco shops) I always leave with too many sauces!! It's good, yet so bad. Ya feel me?- Hot Sauce: same reason why the magic sauce is bad.UGLY:- Bringing my leftovers to work for dinner. 12 hour shift + cabbage filled bowl = gassy night!! Sorry coworkers!! Only 5 more hours of bubble guts!Here's the healthy part of my review:The WORKS BOWLServing Size: 1 bowl; Calories: 480, Total Fat: 11g, Carbs: 46g, Protein: 48g I guess those numbers don't mean a thing when you drench your meal in Magic Sauce and Hot Sauce!
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,8/17/2011,280,432,19,20,18>"C is for cookie, that's good enough for me..." I've come here off and on now for years.  My favorite memory is when I was having a really crappy day, and I was driving by and decided to get some cookies.  When I walked in, there was a sweet old lady working, maybe Uncle Biff's mom?  Who is Uncle Biff because I've never seen him.  Anyway, I tell her how bad my day is going and she replies, "Some days, we all just need a cookie.""A round cookie with one bite out of it ...Looks like a C!"My favorites are the white chocolate macadamia and the coconut macadamia.  I also like the one with toffee pieces and "the works" which includes everything but the kitchen sink.  The people that work here are friendly and unpretentious.  I do suggest going toward closing, you might get lucky and score a few extra cookies at no charge.  Also, their day-olds taste just as good and are at a bargain."Oh, cookie, cookie, cookie starts with C!"
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,8/16/2011,414,404,11,12,13>Seems like I have been giving out a lot of 4-star reviews, but it's not like the places don't deserve it.  It also seems like I've been reviewing a lot of places involving alcohol/beer.  I swear i'm not an alcoholic!Regal Beagle is my coworker's go to place for "Dessert" after she goes to Blue Water.  YUM is all I have to say.  A great selection of beers with a $10 "flight" of 4 different beers.  They have a wide selection of craft beers so don't go expecting bud.  Although they may have it.  I was distracted by the list of beers on the wall. I'll come back to try the food.  Some day... some day...
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,8/15/2011,227,758,21,33,30>Skimmed through a bunch of reviews before heading to Torrey Pines State Reserve for the first time yesterday.  The main information I gathered from the reviews?(1)  The hiking trails, with perhaps the exception of the "big hill," are pretty easy.(2)  One can attempt to street park for free or enter the reserve and pay $10/carload to park.(3)  Ocean, cliff, and hill views are stunning.Perfect, seemed like a good place to break in some of our new hiking gear--specifically my boyfriend's boots--for our May trip to Yosemite.  Plus, shame on us, we've lived in San Diego for a combined 10+ years and have never been here.My intention to street park for free was ruined when I took an early turn and, unable to reverse my car, was funneled past the Torrey Pines State Reserve sign and towards the admission/pay booth.  Damn it.  The $10 parking lot fee seems manageable for those who don't visit the reserve often, but I can certainly understand how the parking situation could frustrate regulars.  Paid and was given a Trail Guide at the admission booth, parked at the lowest level lot by the beach, and then followed everybody else past the picnic tables and restrooms up the gradual hill to the marked trails.  Noticed several more levels of parking at the top of the hill.The Torrey Pines Lodge (a.k.a. Visitor's Center) is interesting.  The building is a combination of a mini-museum and a gift shop.  According to the plaque near the back door, the Torrey Pines Lodge is "constructed of adobe material taken from the site, completed in 1923.  A liberal gift from Miss Ellen Browning Scripps."We're quite out of shape but found the "big hill" and all the trails we hiked to be far from challenging.  We covered every major trail except the Beach Trail.  The Broken Hill Trail, the only 1+ mile trail, was the one that involved relatively significant portions of elevation change and made us sweat a bit.  All other trails are well under 1 mile each, most of them loops.  I'd have to say the most disappointing discovery during our trip to Torrey Pines State Reserve was that at least 2 trails--the Guy Fleming Trail and the Parry Grove Trail--were partially closed due to budget cuts.From the Trail Guide:  "Torrey Pines State Natural Reserve is a fragile wilderness island in an urban sea:  home of our nation's rarest pine tree--Pinus torreyana--which grows only here and on Santa Rosa Island off the coast near Santa Barbara."All things considered, Torrey Pines State Reserve gets 4 stars from me.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,8/14/2011,656,263,13,16,17>Oh my. I do believe I'm in love with my food. Really.I first noticed this restaurant on my trips to George's Camera & Video Exchange a few doors down. It reminded me of the fictional restaurant (in the semi-crap movie "Simply  irresistible") called the Southern Cross with it's little door leading inside. Needless to say I was intrigued so we decided on having an early dinner there before our movie date the other day.There was a 45 minute wait for dining inside so we opted for outdoor seating with no wait. They have heat lamps but dress warm to be on the safe side. Ambience is casual but elegant. Service, fantastic. Dennis, you win the blue ribbon for patience. Everything sounded so good on the menu it took forever for my hubby and I to order. And as some of you know, I live for comfort food so it took awhile for me to figure out what the heck I wanted to gorge on.I couldn't decide between the New York White Cheddar Mac n' Cheese and the Duckaroni but Dennis told me I could do half orders of each. The best of both worlds! Hubs ordered the Portabello sandwich.Duckaroni: Mac 'n Cheese with Duck Confit, Blue Cheese, Roasted Garlic, Arugula, Scallion: rich beyond belief but soooo delicious and very comfortingNew York White Cheddar Mac n' Cheese, Caramelized Bacon, Grilled Red Onions, Charred Tomatoes: this was a bit lighter than the Duckaroni but equally as good.Broiled Portobello Sandwich: Herbed Goat Cheese, Arugula, Grilled Onion, Tomato, Lemon Aioli, Egg Bun: Hearty, flavorful and for someone who is serious carnivore, this fit the billThe best part was dessert. Oooh, the dessert!!:Salted Caramel Pot de Crème, Bittersweet Chocolate / Cocoa Nib Crust: holy sh*t this was good. My new all-time favorite dessert and that's saying ALOT.Get your foodgasm on at Urban Solace. Stat.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,8/13/2011,894,543,15,16,16>There are so many tofu places in town, which one do you chose?I usually come to Convoy Tofu House or the Tofu House inside the Tap ex plaza. Price wise Convoy Tofu House is $8.90 for a tofu pot and the other place is about a dollar cheaper.  Convoy Tofu house does have better side selection. Usually we get about 6 sides and they always have the ever delicious potatoes in a sweet sesame sauce. The dried seaweed and bean sprouts are good as well. The tofu pots come out very fast and have a good amount of ingredients in them. I usually order the dumpling with mushroom and it comes with 3 dumplings and lots of different types of mushrooms. They also provide hot or cold barley tea here at no extra charge. Service is so so depending on your waitress but generally the waitresses refill our sides without us asking. Come back again? For sure!
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2010,4/10/2010,4165,809,54,39,43>SUNDAY MORNING, 1-31-2010Gay Male Bartender: "Hey there gorgeous, love the fabulous jacket! What can I getcha? Bloody Mary? Mimosa?"Skip P.: "Actually, I had too many mojitos here last night and left my credit card, its the green Panda bear one."GMB: "Oh I remember this one! Have a little too much fun last night?" He winks at me.Skip P.:"Haha! Maybe!"GMB:"Meet anyone special? Did you wake up in someone else's bed? Hmmmm?"Skip P., signing his bar tab:"No...but I did get lucky with my wife! Oh wait...I was too drunk...nevermind..."GMB:"Ooohhh! Someone is in some trouble! Hahahaha!"Skip P.:"Oh it just means she gets 5 minutes of extra sleep..."Thank you Lei Lounge for not charging me a $20-30 "Overnight" fee like some of those other greedy Straight Downtown Clubs/Bars do! More reasons to love this place:1) Lipstick Lesbians(Hot and sexy!) and their girlfriends...Check2) Rice Queens(Gaymen who love Asian guys)...Check3) Beautiful, Modern Chic, tropical ambiance...Check4) Awesome Drinks...Check5) Friendly staff and Cool Douchebag-Free clientele...CheckFor a Straight Guy, I visit the Rainbow District and its venues quite often enough to make my straight guy friends question where my loyalties lie...its not my fault they play the best music and have the coolest, friendliest people!
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2009,4/9/2010,132,148,17,14,15>I just had to sing my praises about the pumpkin panna cotta on your tasting menu.A terrible poem follows...*ahem*Oh Pumpkin Panna CottaHow you break my heartYou're not the regular menu.*stifles sob*Oh Pumpkin Panna CottaYour texture left me breathlessYour flavor left me speechless*stifles tears*Oh Jay, wonderful ownerWill you answer the calland add panna cotta to your dessert menu?*prays to Jay*When I breeze into the Linkerymust I drink my tears awaylonging for the panna cotta?*sniffles*Must I stare sadly at Ethanand take comfort in the arms of fine ales and stoutswhile mourning unrequited panna cotta love?*wails**ducks tomatoes**runs off stage*ETA:  it's on the menu!  Thank you!*ducks off stage before more tomatoes come flying*
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,4/8/2010,607,243,22,26,21>FYI - the fuchsia garnish is really just cuts of turnip called "turshi" (pronounced turshi). The turnips have been pickled in the same jar as beets which produces the finger-staining color. The cool, crunchy, and tart element is a great contrast with meat dishes and compliments any other entree. I insist on consuming something other than traditional cucumber pickles. Instead, try some pickled cauliflower, carrots or cabbage (which are also called turshi). Try BROADENING your pickle experience. Go outside the pickle box and be all that you can be. As you take that first timid bite, just sing to yourself, "It's my life / It's now or never / I ain't gonna live forever/ I just want to live while I'm alive". honestly, who says that?
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,4/7/2010,720,560,15,21,19>5 stars for the beginning of Restaurant Week.  At first when I heard about Cucina Urbana, it sounded like Laurel was downsized to a more friendlier Italian bistro.  I read several reviews of the place which were all positive.  However, in my experiences for Restaurant week, sometimes the menu is downgraded to accomodate the masses eager for a cheaper meal.As soon as Restaurant Week was announced, I knew that I need to check this place out as soon as possible.  I was thinking that after the San Diego Chargers victory, this would be a good place to celebrate and to try.  So in case the food and restaurant fails, there is the consolation of a Chargers win!. So the only time I could book was 5:15 pm which is pretty early but Sunday night, its not so bad.  However, things didn't fall into place as expected.  The Chargers lost a heartbreaking game and its up to Cucina Urbana to make up for it.  And they didn't disappoint.  There were 2 price fix menus, for $25 you get three courses - salad, entree and dessert but your entree choices are limited to their pizzas; for $30 you still get three courses but your entrees are the more traditional entrees they serve, pasta, veal, etc.For drinks, the CU has these new concept of having a retail store of wines which you can buy at more reasonable prices (corkage fee only Mon-Sat and none on Sun for bottles $20 or more).  There were outstanding choices for cocktails but our group was here for the meal.  After choosing a bottle of white wine served cool (not chilled), we placed our orders.Melanio - Chopped Salad, Veal Scallopini and Apple Date Bread PuddingBrian - Caprese salad, Shrimp Puttanesca and Lemon CustardJorge - Caprese, Parpadelle with pot roast and Lemon Custard.We all enjoyed the ample proportions of our 1st entree.  My Chopped salad was enough for a lunch portion altogether.  Both Brian and Jorge enjoyed their caprese.2nd Entree, Veal Scallopine tasted great with onions, lentil beans were a little undercooked for my taste, prosciutto not necessary.  Parpadelle was good and enjoyed by my friend.  Brian finished half of his Shrimp puttanesca (loved it but was full and saving room for dessert)3rd Course of dessert.  Apple Date Bread Pudding was warm and good, definitely order this if you go here Restaurant week or any other regular night.  Lemon custard, was a little more light than a normal custard would be.Overall for the pricing, we had a delicious meal, soothing the sorrow of a Charger lost.  If you don't get a chance to try them during Restaurant Week, come on another day and try them out.  I definitely recommend them.P.S.  The ultimate plus is the Service, your plates were removed promptly and asked before removing, silverware replaced without hesitation and prompt response.  I know it was busy but a little explanation of the food should add more ambiance to the meal!
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,4/6/2010,127,126,21,25,21>Alight, hand me a twirly advertising sign, put me in a dancing crab suit, and stick me on the street corner so I can scream to the top of my lungs...  "TJ OYSTER IS HELLA GOOD!"A local favorite that pulls Yelpers from all over San Diego County and after having their food you'll know why... I'm embarrassed to admit, I overlooked this gem for quite some time but after about a handful visits, I'm can say I'm a believer.  With respect to Katrina's [karinasseafood.com/] and Hector's Mariscos [pescadosymariscoshectors…, which are great sit down local restaurants, TJO caters to an entirely different & more diverse crowd.  If you're looking for that quick taco cart commonly found in Ensenada [enjoyensenada.com/englis…, this will be your kind of place.Upon stepping into this establishment, I was taken aback by its smallish dining area but what it makes up in size is definitely made up in flavor [quote from the office:  "hey, that's what she said!"].  No matter the time of the day, the place can get somewhat busy.  The seating is also limited so be patient.  Don't fret?!  They offer a couple tables outside, as well as, to-go services...  Hey, why not? [Lunch time suggestion:  Take it to neighboring Rohr Park/ Chula Vista Municipal Golf Course but don't forget to order extra crackers to feed the ducks and people watch.FYI, don't come here if you eat with your eyes...  You'll want to try everything!Some of my favorites:- Campechana (Mixed Shrimp, octopus,scallops, oysters)- 7 Seas Soup (hot assorted seafood soup/ tomato broth)- Shrimp Ceviche tostadas- Fish taco- Oyster on a half shelf (small-medium sized)...then, wash it down with some of your favorite Mexican specialty drinks:- Horchata- Jamica- Non-alcoholic Sangria (my favorite)If you like mainstream chains; such as, Rubio's and Wahoo!  But with its authentic Baja flavors, I think you'll love this place.  Thanks TJO, you've got another satisfied customer...  By the way, are you hiring, Ivan (proprietor)?
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,4/5/2010,431,494,26,23,28>#Boycott  (Glass of champagne X 2)int main()if (! Andreena's review)  we would not have gone here;/* Her review put Farm House Cafe on my radar. I bookmarked it after reading the reviews. After seeing how much effort the owners put into pleasing their customers (free wine), I decided to come here tonight to give it a try. Service was amazing! The waitstaff all worked with smiles on their faces, how rare is that! For $60, we got an appetizer, two main entrees, dessert and two glasses of wine. That was such a bargain.  */ else   appetizer == foie gras + pickle + bread + mini salad;/*The portion was small but it was so darn good and satisfying. The foie gras was fried so the outside was a little crispy and the inside was  nice and creamy. The pickle was a really good contrast to the fattiness of the foie gras. */   main course == king crab risotto + topped with truffle shavings;/* The serving size was much larger than what I thought it would be. This is large enough to serve two people! This was served perfectly. The risotto was piping hot and it wasn't gluey like how I've had some risottos before. The flavor of the crab was mild, but the texture of the crab was there. There were some crunchy bits of carrots in there too. There were shaved truffle on top but I didn't taste that either. I really liked how yummy this dish was.*/   dessert == almond panna cotta;/* This tasted just like almond tofu. It was an island of almond tofu surrounded by a caramel sauce topped with a crispy caramel garnish. I enjoyed this dish because it reminded me of an asian almond dessert I had as a kid. FYI, saying "boycott" again will not get you another glass of wine. :P*/      end ()//I'm not a real programmer, please don't call me out on syntax errors.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,4/4/2010,318,307,12,15,13>Every time i get ready to write a review for Hamilton's i get so overwhelmed i end up sounding either way to excited like a twelve year old boy at an N'Sync concert.  Or i just ramble.  I think i got it figured out!What i love about Hamilton's, (now it sounds like a 5th grade writing assignment)  There are many beer bars in San Diego. I should say the growth of beer bars in San Diego is increasing by the percentage on a monthly bases.  Hami's is that one bar that will continue to have a dear place in my heart.  This is where i had my first beer in the United states with my father.  The first time i went on an "actual adult date."  It's still the only place i dont over kill myself with going there way to much.  I like enjoying the time im there with friends and family.  Everyone i meet there is amazing.  Great vibe when your having drinks with friends and then strangers come along for the entertainment!  The bigger the group the better.  Im not saying you cant go to Hami's alone, they do have a regular bar to sit down and enjoy a tasty brew.  Im a big fan of all the Green Flash beers they have on tap.  Their list of brews are amazing... local and imports... amazing!  Now this is a certified beer bar in my books!
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2009,4/3/2010,314,412,22,23,23>youtube.com/watch?v=QMgv…Wait her name was Miesha...close enough.Bonnie Jean's is not to far from where I live, why have I never been here? Anyways, thanks to Tony Tony Tony for organizing a lovely lunch @ Bonnie Jean's(can i abbreviate it to BJ's without the snickers?) So upon turning right on 54th street I kept my eyes open for BJ's which we missed because the driver wasn't paying attention :P . Made a U-ee. And parked right in front of BJ's. We had our own section reserved for 12-15 people, or maybe there was more of us. Sweet Tea for me.After perusing the menu, Miesha told us about the Soul in the Bowl. 2 Appetizers, 3 Meats? and 3 Sides. As much as we can eat was how much they would cook...well the meat and sides. Said a prayer and began the smorgasbord. Fried Mac N Cheese, yes please...sweet potato fries, double yes please. Wasn't a fan of the fried okra so I placed the extra ones that were on my plate on Jay's plate, he didn't know then, now he knows. The chicken was dericious and the candied yams. After that i was done. I had a smidgen of pork chop a spoon full of mac n cheese, one piece of catfish.Miesha took care of us and the rest of the BJ staff. Definitely getting to-go and/or coming here again.Being full and PMSing do not go together. :)
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2009,3/31/2010,245,144,30,23,22>When my usual outdoor trail fails to stimulate me or the gym is packed with people, I make a detour to Black's Beach to indulge in its challenging turf and scenic views. It'd be redundant to preface this review with a disclaimer about the Founding Father-types who frequently flock and frolick around this sandy pocket of paradise (the notoriety speaks for itself), but I would be remiss if I didn't note the numerous occasions I've inadvertently stolen glances of some of my favourite presidential dopplegangers' dopplegangers. Personally, I fancy Thomas Jefferson (not that I aspire to be a 21st-century Sally Hemings)..Right.Whether you're a surfer looking for sweet sunset swells, a runner jonesing for new paths to pave or a nudist-at-large using the "unsightly tan lines" bit as a pretext to bare your essentials, Black's Beach offers options for all. No shirt, no slacks, no shame.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,3/30/2010,722,527,128,60,52>so. im probably going to get a record for saying "dicks" the most times in a yelp review... so youve been warned. on to the review...my wife wanted a body scrub and a massage... and found this place on yelp... so as a good husband i treated her to her spa day... while signing her up i was coerced into a 90 minute massage myself, in order to coincide with my wifes 3 hours of services...i was handed a towel and walked to the mens lounge / spa - shoes came off at the entry - then i was greeted by one of the spa's towel boys to the locker room...passing the lounge - i caught glimpses of half naked dudes kicking it on the couch watching the winter olympics on the LCD... did i just see dicks??? mmmm... ok.locker room - more dicks... but thats normal, its the locker room...then heres where the dicks get outta control - the spa - i was shown the facilities by the towel boy - wet sauna, dry sauna, jaccuzi, cold water pool, rain shower, regular standing showers, seated hand showers... not a clothed man in the joint... a total dick fest...so, im not ashamed of a little dick action... hell, i like my dick. its a wonderful dick. no dick envy at all. and i get it... ive been to russian/turkish and japanese bath houses before, its a cultural thing... but its another thing to see a dude squating on a stool, showering himself - dick all out... face the other way holmes... or sitting in the hot tub with other dudes, all nude and all dick-tastic... or sitting in the wet sauna was pretty dick-tacular too, since the russian dudes and asian dudes were sweating their dicks off in the steam filled room, am i sitting on booty sweat??? ... one naked dude was sitting lotus position meditating in the sauna, you can just imagine his dick position...maybe too much for me.i was called into the massage area for my session, and was instructed to wear a robe and black shorts (provided by the spa)... and i was thinking, NOW you want me to cover up my dick, wtf? the massage was legit, i got a strong handed gymnist chick from china (hardly any english) who knew what she was doing massage-wise. i was so relaxed... she was cute, but fortunately (or unfortunately depending on your intentions)... she didnt reach for my dick... if you wanted a rub and a tug... this is not the place.all in all - this spa was a great find, my wife came out smooth skinned and relaxed... i felt the same (relaxed and rejuvinated), just a little shaken from the dick party.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,6/24/2008,90,91,18,14,10>The Humane Society & SPCA is unbelievable.  Let's do a short comparison:SPCA:-Each "kennel"/room has its own couch, ottoman, & bed-TVs playing Animal Planet 24/7-Kibbles n' Bits three times daily-people who volunteer daily to play with the animalsMY HOUSE:-So furniture-less, we recently had a BYOC party (Bring Your Own Chair)-No TV at all, much less cable-lots of oatmeal-lots of library time and falling asleep at my desk__________________What am I doing with my life???Come to the San Diego Humane Society!  It's a beautiful facility located near the I-5 and 8 junction.  They have dogs, cats, rabbits, hamsters (one's name is Sneezy) and according to their website, even horses!!! Here's a list of the available pets:sdhumane.org/site/PageSe…So please, please, please come check it out!  They also have easy donations, foster care programs, pet-assisted therapy, information about humane treatment investigations, ideas for grieving animal-owners, and more.Someone needs to make me a San Diego Human(no E) Society...
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,6/21/2008,82,61,18,14,14>My relationship with frozen yogurt has been tentative at best in the past.  When I thought of frozen yogurt, I thought of places like Heidi's Frogen Yozurt where the novelty of eating yogurt that was *crazy* FROZEN was quickly replaced by the nasty taste of the over-flavored, over-topped concoction that, to my tender palate, always seemed like someone had added a hearty dollop of sour cream to my ice cream.  Two great tastes that DID NOT taste great together. . .Not any more.  My eyes have seen the glory of the coming of a big, flabby gut fueled and fed by the concoctions being whipped up at Yog-Art.After what may have been a couple too many glasses of wine at Wine Steals next door, Lindsay caught me in a weak moment getting me to agree to try *just try* some frozen yogurt.  The 'free samples' sign on the door was enough to justify going in and, after all, it would only take one 'sample' for me to remember why I disliked cultures anywhere near my cream.  Right?The first thing I liked was the metro, neo-Tokyo look of the room.  Cool LED lighting behind the counter.  High ceilings.  Uber-functional furniture.  I started to get kinda sweaty and flashback-y and I realized that we were actually standing in the middle of what used to be the dancefloor of a "teen club" where I sometimes DJed - it was called Elements, it was shadier than an oak tree - and I immediately felt the need for a little something to cool my rapidly rising core temperature.There is not an overabundance of flavors to choose from but what they have is heavenly.  The day we went the choices were Plain tart *which I love since it actually embraces the tartness of yogurt rather than try to cover it with something fu&^ed up like peanut butter*, Honeydew, Lemon, and *massive drum roll* Taro.  I tried the Plain tart and the Taro.  I was changed instantly.It takes a man to admit he was wrong but I was so, so wrong.I indulged my senses like i hadn't since. . .well, since around the time I was Djing in this little Hillcrest location.  Taro yogurt, pomegranate seeds, and lychee fruit was the concoction du jour.  Linds had the Taro with coconut jelly and mango.  Both were utterly devastating.So devastating that we scooped up Evie for a trip the next day.  We felt a little fiendish and picking up the kid was a perfect way to excuse trips to Yog-Art two days in a row.And now I find myself sitting at work, shiftily looking at the clock, waiting for the minute when I can escape to Yog-Art for my daily dose of Nirvana.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2008,6/20/2008,666,662,46,21,25>Del Mar is a land of ridiculously wealthy people, soccer moms and cougars in juicy couture sweat suits, and glistening beaches that butt up against rich elderly residents' homes.Why the hell is there a McDonald's here?And more improtantly--WHY AM I HERE?After a three and a half hour grading binge at Pannikin, I was starving and irritable.  To my amusement, I saw a sign in the McDonald's across the street as I was walking to my car that touted "WiFi at McDonald's!""What the heck?" I thought, let's try some bougie McDonald's.And a bougie McDonald's it is, with a flat screen plasma TV, couch, coffee table, and "Music Bar" where you can plug in your iPod and listen to your sweet, sweet tunes, most likely emo melodies complaining about your lack of real problems in life, if you're eating at this Mickey D's.  I grabbed a Filet o' Fish, which is wonderfully cheap on Friday's during Lent (score!), and sat down on the couch.  Then I thougth I'd crack open the laptop and see if I could surf the net.A friendly, multilingual McDonald's graphic popped up, then thoughtfully informed me it'd be $3 for 2 hours of WiFi.I'm not loving it.Really?  Your'e gonna charge for wifi, oh bougie McDonald's?  You've got a damn plasma TV.  And a COFFEE TABLE.  And iced coffee.  What the hell bougie place charge for wifi?  Are you afraid the homeless man in the corner is going to pull a laptop out of his shopping cart and use it?  Grrrrr.  This is ridiculous.I, on principle, self-righteously (and temporarily ignoring the irony of me judging a bougie McDonald's and then buying completely into the yuppie hype) refused to pay for the internet.  And instead sat around and ate my sandwich and read a book.  That is, if I could concentrate over the screaming children.  Oy.  What was I thinking?  This is a McDonald's.  It may be ridiculously bourgeois, but at the end of the day, it's simply Mickey D, and no amount of classy accouterments are gonna change that.But really, you gonna charge a brotha to use the wifi?  Sheesh.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2008,6/19/2008,406,125,29,21,16>This is where you should go if you are a poor alcoholic! They have the strongest drinks I've ever had in my life!At most places I can drink drink after drink after drink and not even be 100% drunk...At THIS place, it is not so.I had ONLY 1.5 dirty gin martinis and I was SO DRUNK that I couldn't even ATTEMPT to drive drunk! No one even had to try to take my keys.  I felt like I was going to die and my friend and I walked to her house and she put me to bed - we left my car there - which you are actually allowed to do, RARE, it has a parking lot! [and i never will leave my car ANYWHERE, so again, this proves just HOW MUCH alcohol they put in their drinks]I felt like I had about 10 or more drinks even though it was only 1.5, and I couldn't even finish my second drink, so if you are ever poor and need a martini that's under $6 or a mixed drink that's about $4 and will get you so drunk that you no longer wish to be alive, this is the place to go!It also has a pool table which might only be 25 cents, but you may need to check with someone sober to confirm this fact.P.S. I never want to drink again!
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,6/18/2008,293,202,26,19,25>I stopped in here for some happy hour action jackson with a girlfriend.Decor was cute and the vibe was tres chic.This was the perfect place to catch up with some girl chat.  We plopped down at the bar and the fun began.Happy hour ends at 7 you say?  Half priced on specialty drinks?  Booyah!Martini #1. My first martini ever made with Absolut Ruby Red. I love Ruby Red.  It numbed me from my work troubles.Martini #2.  Spicy ginger with gin?  Hmmm, what work troubles?  Martini #3.  Pomegranate and orange go so well with vodka.  So nice to meet you Bayardo.  You are the BEST bartender in the world!  Drink #4.  Gummy bear shots all around with B!  Food needed asap to soak up this martini mess.  Chow on some truffle mac and cheese with some kobe beef sliders and shoestring fries.  YUM!Specialty drink #5.  More Ruby Red please.  Hiccup. Hiccup.  Ruh roh.  Time to go.B hugs it out with me and Myleen.  Yes, we will most definitely come visit you when you work at Hawthorn's, Lei, or Universal.     Head home for some water and advil.Lights out sleepy time.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2008,6/17/2008,56,50,7,17,15>I've been here a couple times now and had I written this review before yesterday I would have given it 5 stars.  Overall the spa is super cute and cozy.  I intended to go for a Brazilian and pedicure, but came to find out they no longer do nail services, so was bummed about that.When I first got to San Diego I found this spa and had a brazilian done here, then decided to check out Pretty Kitty based on the crazy good reviews the Yelpers wrote.  When I left Pretty Kitty, I felt that both places offered comparable service, etc. and since Beauty and Body Lounge is closer to where I live I decided to go back there this time.Nina is super friendly and easy to talk to during such an uncomfortable process.   I had previously had good experiences with her, but think she was just having an off day yesterday.  She was running a little behind and although a quick visit is the way to go, not at the expense of thoroughness.  So, I was a little disappointed in the process this last time around.  Nina was honest about being behind schedule and having had a crazy day so I hate to complain too much, just a little frustrated that it wasn't as thorough as the last time with her.  I am frustratingly a perfectionist if I am going to subject myself to this kind of torture...The prebooking option is also helpful in that you save some money on your next service, so most likely I will keep the next appointment and hope it is back up to the level I remember it being the last time I was there.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,6/14/2008,41,45,6,8,10>One of my new favorite things: Getting toasted while staring at a pink elephants on the wall. Not just any pink elephants though. Pink elephants bathing in bubbly champagne glasses. And wondering "what are you doin' up in that glass mister elephant? playing around in all them bubbles?..... silly silly elephant"  Could one really ask for more? If you aren't insane like me, then yes-their signature drinks are yummy-especially the pink princess, and caramel something. They were about $6 each and I also had a lot of $3 vodka tonics.  -Oh and I tried one of my friends drinks called a "sneaky" something and they lived up to their names. We were dancing and yelling in glorious belligerence soon after. FYI: Happy hour/earlier is better before it gets packed. Be courteous by refraining from indulging the bartenders, though sweet, in your entire life story so that others at the bar can get our sauce. And I agree with Mae-they really need to take credit cards.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,6/13/2008,366,405,8,17,15>Q: How easy is it to totally go past this Midway diner and not even blink an eye? A: Easy as pie.Q: How worth it is it to stop off at this Malt Shop and grab a tasty burger?A: Totally worth it!Q: How friendly and awesome are the owners and guys that work there?A: Completely awesome! One of the guys is an old skater and we had a good conversation about when he used to skate with Matt from Flogging Molly. I really like this place. The entire little random food court is awesome here, but the Classic Malt Shop is where I always find myself. Think what In N Out would be if it wasn't corporate and tasted better. That's what this place is. If far surpassed my expectations indeed. Originally, when we first passed by it, visions of Corvette Diner or Ruby's came to mind and I nearly passed. Then I decided to give it a whirl and man, what a treat! The burgers are good sized, super tasty and come with some of the best fries I've had. I now have a very hard time going to any of the other places in the food court here, because the guys at Classic Malt do an awesome job and make it very easy for me to keep coming back.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2008,6/12/2008,134,54,23,12,11>This is another reivew thats got the central premise of the story in the dunny...(aussie for bathroom)After a thai iced tea, glass of water and a many thimbles of nigori..me bladder started to say to me..."go take a piss in the bathroom before i piss in your pants...fucker"Not being in a position to ingore the rantings of me bladdeer...i jumped over two people, kicked a kangaroo and tucked and rolled over to the shitter door...As i stood up..i was confronted with a dillemma....Behind the first door there was two other doors....and on each door was a wood shingle each with a seperate painting of a person...Im sure one was meant to be a man and the other was meant to be a woman...but fuck a wombat, both of them looked like a post op tranny gone both ways and back again...It took me  a little while but i finally figured out the tranny with the skeezy little mustache was the dudes shitter.....so i kicked open the door , waltzed in and did my duties...later that evening someone started to sing extreme "more than words" and we analyzed how many young teenagers put out to that song...Oh yeah..i got the green curry with the sticky rice...
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,6/10/2008,220,117,14,14,16>4 1/2 stars.I might be riding on a high of a great wedding night and incredible weekend, but I can't say enough nice things about The Pearl. We originally booked in for one night in their middle sized room - the Jewel - but friends upgraded us to 2 nights in the Strand. In addition, we reserved some space in the lounge for libations and celebration. We arrived a bit late (what wedding on earth has ever run completely on time) but were greeted at the door by the food and beverage manager and shown to our spot - a cool little carpeted bench furnished with a chessboard, some playing cards, and some bolsters for lounging. Our drinks orders were taken swiftly and seemed fairly priced, though no one was having  the fancy-schmancy cocktails. After some time in the lounge we moved poolside. Our waitress was not only gracious, she actually thanked us for teaming up with one of the other parties. Hey - I'm all about keeping the wait staff happy if it means faster drink orders. They brought us a stack of plates as well as forks and napkins and a couple of the servers sat down and shared the remains of the wedding cake with us. It was just a warm, fun experience - almost like a house party except I didn't have to clean the shag carpet the next morning. Nothing says rude awakening like arising to a post party shag carpet, let me tell you.When we arrived in our room we discovered that the staff had sprinkled rose petals all over the bed and floor for us and put a bottle of champagne on ice. Maybe this is standard for wedding nights, but I thought it was a really nice touch. The room was clean and nicely decorated** (I like the kids' art charity thing they have going on), and the bathroom was newly refinished and spotless.I *am* taking off half a star because of the fact that the restaurant isn't open for breakfast. The provide free coffee to guests in the lobby, but on Monday morning I could really have used a muffin or something as I lounged at the pool drinking my first cup while flipping through the paper.Rough life, I know.** When my sister went up to check out the room, she discovered that Lucy (the room's fish) had met misfortune and was floating at the top of her watery grave. Knowing that I was excited about the fishy roommate, she rushed out to find a staff member. Lucy was removed without fuss before I made it up to the room, so lucky Ian didn't have to spend his wedding night consoling me about a dead fish I'd never met.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,12/14/2013,354,270,8,11,9>Whenever I walk in here, crabs go :( and I go :). I love this place! especially during happy hours on the weekdays. Personally, I think that crawfish is an acquired taste, and I have finally acquired it. It's definitely hard work for such a small piece of meat, but it's worth it if that piece of meat tastes like it came out from a pot that was manufactured in heaven. Full House (combo of all their sauces) sauce is the way to go! I'm not too much of a fan of spicy food, so i normally get mild. If you can't handle spicy food, i would recommend you do the same too, because they don't do "A LITTLE" spicy! It's either SPICY or no spicy even though they do have options of 1/2 medium spicy, medium, hot, and K.O.Their Andouille Sausages is one of my favorite dish there. Wings are pretty legit too. On weekdays from 3-7 they have  a HH special for .5$ wings! Also, for those who like Oysters (not me), it's only a buck during that time.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,12/13/2013,372,411,9,12,10>I joyously licked the last drop of the homemade ginger pineapple sauce that compliments the Coconut Shrimp at Hanna's Gourmet. Big succulent shrimp with a crunchy coconut topping are snuggled on a bed of freshly dressed greens (arugula?). I will never eat coconut shrimp anywhere else again, because nobody else does it like Hanna. The new dinner menu at Hanna's Gourmet is exciting, and they have wine! Dinner al fresco is romantic on a balmy evening on the cute little side patio. There are also indoor tables. Hanna's is warm and inviting, and not hoity-toity, so we relaxed with a glass of wine, and I held hands with the hubs across the table. (-;  This is also a good place for a casual dinner with a few friends. Asparagus lasagna with creamy pesto sauce for $12 is scrumptious and unique. I will definitely order that again. The Mediterranean feast for $13 is a fun appetizer for 2 to 4 people to share.  I especially loved the baked ricotta wrapped with grape leaves and topped with preserved lemon & herbs. Hanna has a magic touch with vegetables, beans, and lentils, and in her hands, vegetables sing with joy. Eggs a la Africana is a tasty vegetarian dish on the weekend breakfast menu. I love it and I'm not vegetarian. I'm looking forward to trying Swiss chard and cauliflower gratin on the dinner menu.  Moroccan chicken has good flavors on the dinner menu. My previous review raves about Hanna's weekend breakfast menu, and her lunch menu, as we have enjoyed many breakfasts & lunches at Hanna's. This review focuses more on the new dinner menu. My hubs and I have enjoyed dinner twice now on a romantic summer evening on the patio at Hanna's on Adams in university heights. We drive out of our way to dine at this cute little cafe  because Hanna has a true passion for cooking and everything she does is creative and perfectly accomplished...no short cuts. Moderate prices and fresh gourmet food. Hanna also does catering.My new favorite white wine is a glass of South African Sauvignon Blanc for $7 at Hanna's. It's similar to New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc. Call Hanna's before your visit to confirm opening hours. Breakfast is only on the weekend for example. Hanna's Gourmet is a real find, and while they have a loyal following, we love that we don't have to wait an hour to get a table. We usually get a table without any wait. For some reason you all are standing in lines on the weekends to eat at other restaurants which are pretty good, but not as good as Hanna's.  Works out great for us! (-;Hanna's is small and cozy, with friendly service. There are 2 tables on the front sidewalk, maybe 6 to 8 tables on the side patio, and at least 6 or more tables inside.For more details on the scrumptious weekend breakfast menu, see my previous review. Hanna's is for foodies, people who enjoy small owner-run cafes, and people who enjoy Hanna's around the world menu. Good vegetarian selections as well. Hanna's menu includes seafood, lamb, and chicken as well as vegetarian entrees. Dinner entrees are priced between $11 to $18, and a pasta entree is $12 or $13. (Breakfast is under $10, and lunch is between $8 and $14. )
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,12/12/2013,53,119,19,11,9>Let's face it...aint nobody got time to skim 1600+ reviews.What are you going to find? Oh... shit like this:1. I lived in Japan/am from Japan/LA/SF/Seattle/NY...and compared to...etc, etc.2. I am Japanese, part Japanese, married to/dating/boning/stalking/ working for someone Japanese, or a sushi chef etc.3. I've been around the world and I, I, I...4. Overrated, because I've been tag teamed by Jiro Ono and Nobu at a party back in '925. Best ever, I had the O' Toro, my shrimp head twitched throughout my meal, and it was creepy. Do you want my take? If you're not too much of a douche, and are polite and bathed...there is likely ZERO chance you will NOT be having fishy breathed, drunken, belly full, RAW SEX after having a full tour of the offerings and cocktails here during a date. And another thing, whoever goes home with, and exchanges fluids with you after full blown Sushi Ota dining is likely going to make a good partner.I overindulged in both food and drink, but yet managed to not to drown my nigiri, or "weaponize" my dish of soy sauce with wasabi. My sushi chef was awesome, so many thoughtful details, and on a Friday night in a packed house. Tasty as hell..I had me whole mackerel sashimi, raw octopus with yuzu rind, natto....and beer, lots and lots of beer. Tip: get a DD, so that you can get shmammered and eat till it hurts.This is a "must eat at" sushi place, and it aint that pricey.K, bye.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,12/11/2013,153,218,6,5,7>Yes!!! Finally a place in little Italy that is not Italian. This is one of my go to spots, all times of the day.The food is much like Bare Back Grill menu with a few other special gems! They have the best french fries! Sometimes I will just order them for take out, (just a little snack of goodness)Some of my favs: the steak Cesar saladthe pretzelthe ahi sandwichand the sangriathe decor is so clever and refreshing. i like the little sheepys made out of wire on the ceiling. the service is always good and they are super nice and accommodating.keep it going queenstown!
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,12/10/2013,176,439,7,10,8>This is the best kept secret in San Diego. Best butter croissants in San Diego. They are so good that they make me want to cry. I have also tried their chocolate and blueberry croissants. I think the standard butter one is the best. Their sandwiches are also amazing. I wish I still worked in the area so that I could stop by everyday. The service is also fantastic. Always friendly service.Be aware that lunch is prime time and it can become crowded. When there are fewer patrons, it is an oasis of calm. I like to grab a magazine, take my time with a pastry, and enjoy my coffee.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,12/9/2013,353,255,7,12,8>Can I just move in? There isn't an appointment I love making more! As soon as you walk in, way before your actual adjustment (or acupuncture appt or massage) the weight already starts to fall off your shoulders. This place produces the most positive of vibes. Tea? Water? You got it - now go take a seat in the waiting room and get a mini massage until the doctor comes and gets you. Blissful. Wellness is most definitely the priority here. I've gone to other chiropractors in the past, all for necessity due to car accidents and I figured they were all pretty cut and dry, impersonal and clinical....then I met Dr. Beau and my outlook changed. He has the most positive energy and genuinely cares about you - it's clear. I look so forward to being in his presence. I highly recommend this place to everyone. Thank you Brandi P for letting me know!! I found my urban retreat for life. So grateful for Chiropractique!
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/8/2013,203,182,3,5,3>My partner in crime insisted this was better than that one particularly famous BBQ place by the sports arena. I myself find that BBQ too be too salty (which is amazing because I'm Asian and soy sauce for everything) Anyways, Coops is tucked in the same lot as Atlantis laser tag and VIP buffet near the chula Vista mall. I opted to order the two meat plates, the beef ribs and beef brisket. I can't comment on the pork due to me being allergic to them. But anyways..... Holy crap, such tender beef! I like the fact the sauce is on the side and was flavourful but not salty! The beef fell off the ribs and the brisket doesn't need a knife, you can cut it with a fork. So delicious. The two sides was the beans and veggies I think? Both were excellent. It also came with cornbread. All were very good. It was a lot of food so i had to take it to go. And my friends do know I can put it down so I was quite upset that I didn't finish it. Next time!! I'll finish the entire thing
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,12/7/2013,521,751,2,3,3>A neighborhood gem! Cheap, made with heart, and decent service. A really delicious place for salads, subs, pizza or a hearty home cooked meal like ya momma would make!
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,12/6/2013,28,90,8,11,5>After enjoying another wonderful meal with my Baby Mama at The Godfather recently, I decided it was time to lay down the first five star review I've given in a long time. This place is very nondescript on the outside. I think the strip mall it is located in also hosts a dentists office and a laptop repair place. When you roll up on this place, don't expect your party to be impressed by the outside. But as soon as you walk in and are serenaded by the live piano (weekends only), you are almost instantly lulled into a sense of relaxed satisfaction. Just from the smells, private booths, and the romantic atmosphere imdue this sense, and then the wine and food starts coming out... The Godfather is my favorite Italian restaurant in San Diego (Little Italy be damned!).    The Good: As I'm sure almost all the reviews have mentioned, the complimentary fried zuchini (which a healthy dollup of fresh grated cheese) are awesome. All the veal dishes I've tried here are really good, the pasta and stuffed shells Ive had have been excellent, and the wine selection has never let me down. Also, I have had an excellent Italian server everytime I've dined here (4x). The food is really not that expensive when you look at how much you are getting. Dinner for 2, with apps, desert, and a bottle of wine, has averaged around $120 for me here including a 20% tip, and you have enough leftovers for 2 more meals. The Bad: It's dark in here, and my bad eyes have a tough time with the menu. I usually break out my cell phone light to read it. Then again, its fun just asking the server what he thinks is good as they have always had great anwsers for us, and half the time we end up taking what they like. The Ugly: Everytime I go here I ask for more zuchinis at least twice. The servers are always gracious about it but it can be kind of embarassing for my date. I however am shameless, and apparantly that can be ugly. Overall, I highly recommend The Godfather. I can count the number of 5 star reviews I've given on one hand, and The Godfather is certainly deserving of that rating.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,12/5/2013,561,742,4,7,5>I made an appointment for my gal friends and I to get a spa pedicure on a Sunday afternoon. The morning of, I got a courtesy call to confirm our appointments. A first for me but I guess it is La Jolla after all. The shop itself is average sized but filled with spa chairs and even a nail "bar". After arriving I was glad we made appts because the salon was PACKED! We settled into the chairs after picking out our polish--which by the way, they had a huge selection of colors and brands to choose from. The massage chairs were probably the only negative thing I would have to say about our experience. None of the chairs we were in really seemed to work well but no biggie.We got the basic pedicure which came also came with a great citrus exfoliate scrub on our legs, a deep moisturizing cream, clean and color. Pretty great for $23.Over all, if I lived in the neighborhood, it would definitely be my regular spot.ps. You can park in the Vons lot for up to 2 hours but be sure to jot down your license plate when you check in at the salon. Apparently the lot tows often but they usually check in with the shop before they do,
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,9/1/2013,368,435,8,11,12>Hallelujah, times ten thousand. Hallelujah that this place exists in San Diego. San Diegans: No longer can you claim ignorance of well made coffee! No longer will the Kyoto cold brew system be a mystery, no longer will your pour over be under extracted, no longer will you wait in long lines for overpriced, poorly made coffee! Hallelujah!Time to join the third wave of coffee. Get it out of your head that coffee is bitter and needs cream and sugar. See the light here at The Lab. The location itself if amazing. I love walking past the bay, seeing the boats and the grass. The decor inside is tasteful with it's supercool hipster lightbulbs we can't seem to get enough of, along with it's wooden tables, booths, stools, ultrahip wall art, glassware....gah I love it. Service is freaking amazing. Jenn, you are my girl! Sorry if I got your name wrong. I am currently hopped up on cold medicine. Anyways, she was great. She knows her stuff, gives excellent recommendations, and treats customers way better than she has to! That's what I am talking about! Hallelujah. You can't really go wrong with any drink here in my book, but do me a favor and do not add syrup, sugar, cream....it wrecks a beautiful cup of coffee. I deduct half a star for them even having syrups but I am rating them at 5.5 stars so I guess it's still 5 stars. :) I have a dream that San Diego will wake up to better coffee, and that dream starts here at Better Buzz.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,8/31/2013,545,118,5,9,9>SOUTH AFRICAN FOOD? What is that?! I'm a sucker for strange, new, and awesome ethnic food! I love these mom&pops places!ENVIRONMENT: They really REALLY need a better location or setting SERIOUSLY. This little gem is tucked away in a business complex and you'll probably have a difficult time finding it. I wish they TRIED to be more visible by having a bigger sign or just redesigning their logo. GREAT that they have plenty of parking. AWESOME that they have a huge kitchen that is 10x the size of the store itself. BUT WHY do they just have 1 little table inside?! We just sat on the grass outside to eat. I was informed that on Saturdays, they bring out tables/seatings and have more food selections out back. SERVICE: My friend and I were welcomed by this very very sweet and welcoming lady. I told her I discovered this place through Yelp and that I was so excited to try it. She seemed even more excited that we were there! She took her time explaining what everything was and even pointed to all the sweets and snacks that they sold. We arrived around 2:30PM, so most of the pot pie selections were already gone. FOOD: The portion is small and definitely one will not fill you up.-Pepper Steak Pie $6: A cute little flaky pie. The steak was tender and well marinated. They are definitely stuffed the pie with a generous serving of steak! The pie itself was great too, there was no unnecessary carbs- it was just enough to hold the meat. The crust and steak was an awesome combo. -Sausage Roll $4: This was so much easier to eat! It looks like an apple pie from McDonalds. Once again, tender and well marinated meat held together by a flaky wrap! -Milk Tart: She was so excited that we were there that she gave us one on the house to try! This is basically a custard with a thin layer of cake as base. The creamy custard was then topped off with cinnamon. This dessert wasn't too sweet or rich so I enjoyed it. I guess it's a different take on Creme Brulee (kind of)?OVERALL:-This is a grab and go place since there is no seating (looks like a little store)-Looks like they specialize in catering rather then dining in-They should definitely look into expanding it into a restaurant-Having no seating really bothered me, but not enough to lower the star count!-Go on SATURDAY- more food and there should be seating-GO AND TRY IT!
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,8/30/2013,432,198,6,6,7>Last time I came here was to watch the MNF game where the Chargers totally blew it and lost to the Broncos. Oh man, I'm glad that season is over! I only had appetizers and a beer at that time so I always told myself that I would come back someday to try the burgers and other goodies.Came here on Super Bowl Sunday aka Feb 3rd aka the day my mother was blessed with a handsome young man aka my birthday!The fams was super excited to try this place out. The plan was for everyone to get something different and we all taste each others food.Here's some of the items that were devoured that day.- P'nut butter and Jelly Burger: My bro in law opted for this one. He felt like his burger was packed with a little too much peanut butter so he had them bring some jelly on the side. Apparently they thought he wasn't ready for their jelly.../cue Destiny's Child song!- 50/50: My nephew had this one. Fried egg. bacon. Avocado. Burger patty that's 50% bacon 50% ground beef. He liked it, just felt like it was a lil homie burger.- Chicken and Pancakes: My brother and I went with this one. Think Roscoes Chicken and waffles but Slater's kicked it up a notch.  This one is layered just like this: pancake, chicken pieces, bacon, pancake, chicken, bacon, fried egg, then topped with another pancake. All smothered in syrup. That was my breakfast, lunch and dinner right there! I'm usually a beast when it comes to eating but I only destroyed half of it.- Build your own and name them: My sister and niece created their own and I think they named them Vampire Pick (??) and I totally forgot what my nieces burger was named. I'm sure it was something cute but whatever. I noticed my sister had her burger with no bun...I guess she was being healthy. lol- Frito Burger: Now this reminds me of some Taco Bell creation (you know when they throw in chips in your burritos but this time it was fritos chips in the chili cheese burger.) In other words, food that was created by the chef while he was high and had the munchies. Other items we had: A few different Mac n Cheeses, fries with bacon infused ketchup (that was the shiet!!) sweet potato fries, onion rings, buffalo chicken and fries app.Totally pigged out that day but it was all worth it. Their February burger special was some pizza burger. I was that after I already ordered my meal. Looks like I will be back sometime this month to try that one out.Slater's 50/50 gets 5 stars from me. Not just for the awesome food, but also for the free Bacon Topped Chocolate brownie I got for my birthday! *even though it was my bday and Sunday aka my cheat meal day and I pigged the eff out, I still managed to maintain my two pack. Yeeaaa buddy!!*
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,8/29/2013,285,281,10,10,10>For the love of God, don't ever confuse The Original Pancake House with IHOP.  That comparison to the boysenberry, steak and eggs scented haven of regret would be deplorable.  The Original Pancake House is unequivocially the pinnacle of a perfect breakfast in San Diego.  I know, I know, Erica P. loves to give out 5-star reviews. But that's because I generally only review the places that I adore.  I just love to spread the joy around. And if I had the option - I would give the Original Pancake House ten stars. Firstly, there is a bit of a wait, but when they often say '15-20' you're still in there in no time.  Cheerful wait staff ensure your coffee cup is never empty, in fact, you'll find you take a couple of sips and they're back in a jiffy for a warm-up.  Unless you're a total nut about your 'coffee ratios' this isn't a problem. But if you are that type of crackpot, just let them know and I guarantee you they'll wait to come back when your cup is empty so you can get all type-A and have exactly your 2.25 splenda packets and 2 tbsp of half-and-half and get your anal-retentive crazy on.....and the food. THE FOOD! This is perhaps the only restaurant in San Diego where I've tried nearly everything.  For awhile, my girl Kim and I would work out and go to The Original Pancake House afterward EVERY Saturday.  Now, this practice probably actually added more calories back than the ones we worked off, but it was well worth it.  Dutch Baby, German, Coconut, Pecan (PECAN!), Strawberry, Bacon, Pumpkin! You name the pancakes I've tried 'em.  And the omlettes are pretty incredible too, spinach with swiss, mushroom with veggie gravy...oh, and there's always Mike's egg special - two poached eggs on sausage patties over english muffins, smothered in gravy.  It's pretty much Paula Deen's version of eggs benny!It's been a few years since Kim moved and our weekly ritual was off the table, but she was back in town this week and we went back to share some eggs, a big stack of pancakes and all the gossip we've missed out on.  She's a well-respected exectuive in biotech and I'm tempted to tell a recruiter to woo her back to San Diego by sealing the deal with a contract to have all breakfast meetings catered by this place...I bet she'd sign on in a heartbeat.  In fact, why am I wasting time writing this review - I want my friend back  - and more time at my most favorite breakfast spot! I'm calling a recruiter right now!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/28/2013,604,329,12,22,15>I've been coming to Coast for 8 years now, and honestly, it's hard to imagine leaving. I've grown so much here it's like home. We just moved to this new location after being on Mt. Soledad for more than a decade, and it was a good move! There are two services at 9am and 11am on Sunday; It's a fairly small/medium church with around 150 people per service. Demographically there's a lot of college students (mainly from UCSD), young adults, and a lot of families/older people. It's also pretty multi-ethnic with the majority being Caucasian and Asian with a lot of other ethnicities sprinkled throughout. Dont be surprised if we bust out in Gospel songs or worship in Spanish, Chinese, or Korean! Pastor Jamie and Michelle are very authentic people and down to earth but loving the Kingdom of God breaking forth into the world and San Diego. Preaching style is catered to ANYONE who walks in through the doors of Coast and not some "fancy Christian-only" lingo. It's not awkward to bring your non-Christian friends too! Pastor Jamie is a huge book nerd and quite an intellectual man, but carries authority when he speaks and relates with people. Pastor Michelle knows how to relate to the normal everyday person with stories and convictions that come from experience and her love for the Lord. Coast has a huge heart for the homeless and social justice issues, which is crazy because you can TELL their value is in people who are most looked over. The ways they love the poor - it's been SO consistent every week. If you want to grow in God's heart for those on the outside - come here. Our move to Clairemont is in part to love those in our neighborhoods and the city around us. There's a thriving children's and youth ministry so the youngins can enjoy their services too and make other miniature friends. There's also a dedicated men's and women's ministry and lots of home groups that meet throughout the week to grow in fellowship, studying Scripture, and worshipping/praying. We also have a devoted prayer team that wants to taste the goodness of God so if you have needs, sickness, or need healing (physical, emotional, relational, spiritual, etc), we're equipped to pray for the miraculous!Unlike other Vineyard Churches, it's not "too crazy" with odd weird things happening that may seem chaotic in other charismatic scenes. However, we do believe in the active Spirit speaking to us, so our worship and response time is very open to what the Lord is doing. It's a good balance! Such freedom to worship and to engage in a very real and present God!Here's the general layout of a typical Sunday service1) Worship (around 40 minutes - which goes by so quickly)2) Offering, announcements3) 3 minute break (we have lots of bagels, doughnuts, coffee, tea, etc!)4) Sermon/talk5) Response/prayer time. Service is usually 1.5 hours long. Come join us! If you're from UCSD/UTC area, there are a lot of people who drive from there so if you need a ride...contact me. Just kidding, I live too close to drive here. But message me, seriously./end-shameless-plug-for-my-church-come-on-by-we-­wont-bite
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,8/27/2013,647,343,7,7,11>Alright PB Fish Shop, you are redeemed.I was here a few weekends ago and after hours of studying, I was clumsier than usual and knocked one of my UNEATEN tacos straight to the ground. Didn't even get a single bite.Chris, the Manager, came over in a hurry and not only cleaned up my mess for me quickly (without making me feel like a total klutz), but also got me a new salmon taco on the house.A nice gesture goes a long way, but amid studying for 2 difficult exams for the whole weekend and being a complete stress-case, this particular nice gesture really turned a crappy day into a much better one. I'll chalk my last iffy customer service experience here as an off day for them (and perhaps not enough training by Chris, heh). Kudos to you, Chris! Also, try the Fish Shop Seasoning - I tried it for the first time, and it's a fantastic blend of sweet and savory, but not as sweet or as heavy as teriyaki sauce. I will definitely be getting this again!
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,8/26/2013,2074,1145,14,16,14>*1000th* review!kous kous has tapas tuesdays!  that means hh drinks till 6:30pm or they have a late night one from 9:30-11pm most nights except fri and sat which is 4-6pm and between 10-11pm.  tuesdays also mean discounted tapas all night - whoot! whoot!there were a few seating type of options, low couches or table tops. the banquettes were made for tallies and were a touch too high for me but i'm yoda-sized.first i started off with the cocktail called the moroccan kiss which has champagne, pomegranate juice, orange-blossom, and st. germain liqueur.  it was light and refreshing.then came the gluttony...we splurged on the $35 feast for an early bday celebration and it was quite the feastb'stila roll: baked phylo stuffed with chicken, honey, cinnamon, and almonds - this was almost like dessert.on one appetizer platter, there was this trio sampling:1. zaalouk - roasted eggplant2. shak-shouka - roasted tomato and marinated bell pepper which tasted like pizza!3. the endive leaves were a nice contrast with the lentils and white bean salad.mains: the tagines were all falling off the bone delicious!  i got to enjoy the chicken and the lamb shank tagines with vegetables.  i love lamb but i think the chicken was superior.sides: both the saffron rice or the couscous were divine.  the feasts also came with fresh baked moroccan bread and sharmoula aioli.dessert was sliced fruit with honey and cinnamon.  i had expected a pastry but the fruit was a good idea after all that food.tip: the house made hot sauce packs major flavor and goes with everything if you like some heat.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,8/25/2013,279,225,4,8,7>Review is for TBL3 experience.  I came here with two of my friends this past Wednesday night.Thank you to Kristine for helping us set this up and being so patient with me. :)TBL3 is NOT something that can be rated by stars. It is beyond words and truly is an experience and I am SO SO SO glad I did it and I would do it again during a different season :DWe were taken care of by Dan, the sommelier, and April, the owner.  Unfortunately Chef Trey lost his voice so couldn't speak, but he did a fantastic job preparing our food :D  They were both very friendly, fun to talk to, very thorough in answering any questions even the tiniest details.  They definitely made our experience just that much better.  Thank you so much!I will not talk about the food specifically, but it truly was great! Every course that was put in front of us was unique, interesting, tasty, beautiful, drew in all your senses and really made you think about what you were eating.  This isn't something to stuff your face with but to really taste and experience the food.Thank you Chef Trey and your amazing Sous Chefs/Chef de Cuisine for preparing our epic meal for us!When I got home, I typed about 3-4 pages on the food.  Wish I had a blog or something to post it on. Oh well! It will definitely be in my memory forever.  It was a great source of inspiration of flavor combinations and new ideas.  I ate so many things I've never tried before but heard so much about.  I hope to try to take those flavors and incorporate it in different ways as well.  The food REALLY got me excited! (and not like THAT!)I hope the staff at Georges reads this.  If not, oh well! If you have the time (dinner was at least 4.5 hours) and the money or don't have the money and just love food that much, you should do this! It really is AMAZING! Words can't even...
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,8/24/2013,37,57,12,11,13>Oye, I've been going to DZ (may I call you DZ?) for years and am just getting around to reviewing???So, aside from being a New York food "snob," I've been an honorary Jew since I lived in Brooklyn and could reach my hand into the Kosher pickle jar, since I made my first shopping trip to get cheap clothes on Delancey Street. I could balance a yarmulke on a 6" afro... so, I know from Jews and Delicatessens.So, DZ ISN'T Katz's or Carnegie, never will be, not enough attitude, yelling, kvetching or any of that "good" stuff found in New York.DZ is a good substitute for those of us who hail from NYC and have mastered the fine snake-like skill of unhinging our lower jaw to accommodate a large triple meat sandwich, for me, that would be the # 5. For the record, I have tried the For the Fresser... that was about 10 years ago, give or take, I took home half and I've been noshing off it ever since.I've tried a variety of the sandwiches, all good.Same for the soups. I do order Matzo ball soup sometime on a Sunday, just to watch the people's faces as they see the Black guy eating it (giggle). I don't however do gefilte fish..even. I have to draw the line somewhere.Pretty much everything at DZ is good and about as "authentic" as you are going to get. Burgers, however, are a waste of time at a deli... why bother going if all you are going to have is what you passed at 100 fast food places on the way. If you like fries though, always get them, despite the extra price, they are always hot, hot, SON OF A )(*^%@#$% HOT, and thick cut and oh so good.If you like good kosher pickles, these come as close as possible to the big barrels I used to reach into in Brooklyn. When you get your "to go" box, snag some pickles to take home. They are on sale in the front (a tad over priced) and if you are like me, you have to raise your voice a little and make them put only pickles in the container and determine the weight/price, BEFORE they put the liquid in, grrrrr.If you are on a diet of any kind (well, you shouldn't be here anyway) you probably noticed the bakery in the front... if you are smart, throw some money on the table to pay your check and run out the emergency back door or you will never make it out without getting any number of the delicious items.So, that's all the good... something has to keep the place from getting that 4th star.Either I've grown a lot or my  depth perception is way off or the glass I get my lemonade in has shrunk. Sadly, like many other places, too small, too expensive.Sandwiches... well, like I said, I only now get the # 5 and I can tell the amount of the meats has shrunk in a very perceptible way. At $14 or so for a sandwich, any shrinkage is always going to be noticeable.WIFI... come on, 21st century. Some of us come in with our date being in the form of a tablet. Sad but true and some wifi would make our loneliness more tolerable. Seriously we geeks can work on our phones, but a tablet is easier and wifi would make us happy and make us come back more...Parking... if you come on the weekend is, well, imagine the worst parking scenario where you live and multiply by 10 and that will be half as bad as it really is. Enough said.And to end on an up note... the folks waiting on tables are always fun.One can usually get either Groupons or Living Social coupons. My bill for my $20 groupon was $19.33 and I was thanked and summarily dismissed (I want my $.67).  Watch how they ring them up though, on a Sunday, things can be hectic and you wind up getting charged the wrong amount.Overall, enjoy some good Jewish style cooking.See you at the next review.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,8/23/2013,70,176,5,8,9>myPley:Light travels 186,282 miles per second.honey bees beat their wings 240 times per second.The long arm of a Michael Kors Watch moves every minuteAn establishment like Cali Comfort is made every 10 to 20 years.Here, time goes by faster, things are a bit sweeter, and it shines around the clock.Listen, I heard about this place from different friends, they hyped it up as if it were a Mecca of some sort. I nonchalantly did not listen to their accounts of this place because some images that come to my scandalized mind when I hear the name 'Cali Comfort,' are bordellos, drunk houses, low grade hospitality, etc. Because of my asinine assumptions and fatuous dismissal of Cali Comfort, only unitl recently have I been able to be proven wrong, which is one of my favorite pass times. Ont to the good stuff.I came here with my brothers to watch the UFC event, the historical first ever Womans UFC match, Ronda vs. Liz. At first there were no seats but our friendly and dear server found us a table within 15 minutes. We sat and ordered, I had the tri tip sandwich with a side of beans, and my brothers had the nachos and wings with fries. Everything was finger licking good. The food came out faster than expected and my brothers and I thoroughly enjoyed the quality of the food. Let me accentuate, They have some of the best beans I ever tried. As an ex f&b person myself, I really respected and was fond of the hospitality here. Front of the house was hustling as if to some late doctors appointment. But no, they were hustling to check on tables every chance they had, to fill waters, to buss tables, to acknowledge their guest, to answer questions, to accommodate everyone, all with mirth. It was obvious they were busy, it was a full house, but it was also evident that they practiced the art of hospitality by ignoring the laborious reality and focused and acted upon the service and interest of the patrons. God Bless the staff.There shall be a sequel, trilogy, part four, V, sixth, lucky number, eighth,  and possibly a heel bone (Egyptian for 10) of my meek wander inside this establishment to experience more of what they have to offer. These people truely have a passion for service.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2007,6/24/2007,413,1074,7,6,7>The fancy flowered horse that's the default pic for the carousel reviews is my FAVORITE horse, the one I always insisted on riding as a kid.  There's a picture of me on it from when I was 8 or 9, and a few years ago I went back and insisted on riding the same horse.  I guess it's an asshole move to run for it and beat the little girl who wanted it, but fuck that, I'm older, bigger, have nostalgia, and managed to quash my sympathy.The brass ring game is very rare nowadays, and is something I've always loved: an arm sticks out from the sidelines, and riders on the outer horses reach out every time they pass and grab a ring that rolls out.  Most are iron, and then one or two are brass; get the brass ring and win a free ride.  It mattered more than anything to me as a kid, and while I was too short to grab for rings (and barely tall enough to play the last time I went), my dad faithfully rode with me and would get the brass ring, then we'd have to go again...and again...Getting the brass ring as an adult (although technically, I didn't actually manage to hang on to it so much as knock it out of the arm, but it counted, and the attendant rang the bell, and I was beyond gleeful) was probably one of the most fulfilling things I've ever done.  Not exaggerating.If I could give this carousel a hundred stars, I would.  It makes me want to drive down to San Diego right now.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,6/23/2007,144,74,10,9,7>Yum!I ate here for the first time today and fell in love with the place on the spot. It's nice and small (i.e. cozy), and they serve breakfast all the time. Any place that does that earns my ardor and the love of my raised-Jewish stomach.I got the Eggs Italiana. Errr, I think that's what it was called. Who cares?! I remember what was on my plate - perfectly cooked eggs mixed with goat cheese, basil, and tomato. You had me at "goat cheese"...They were served with delectable home fried potatoes (crispy) and super tasty toasted and buttered foccacia bread (thank you for not making my lazy ass butter it myself). I ate every last bite, as did my two companions. The serving sizes were perfect - I left good and full, but not feeling like a gluttonous American. Actually, everything had that "healthy feeling".Yum yum. I can't wait to go back.UPDATE: Went back. It's still delightful. We got, amongst other things, the peanut butter and banana stuffed french toast. Yum. The PB & banana waffle wasn't nearly as good.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,6/22/2007,157,129,5,11,13>Starlite is the new lounge/bar/restaurant from Tim Mays, who was behind Turf Club, Casbah and Pink Panther (other partners include local director Matt Hoyt, chef Travis Murphy and musician Steve Poltz). It opens this week (Wed June 13), and here's my report from the preview they had Saturday night.They basically took the cool vibe of the Turf Club and up-scaled it into a fancy, but not cheesy restaurant lounge. Good food & drink + cool atmosphere. Seems like it would be hard to not have a good time here.The space was originally a fun lesbian bar called Six Degrees (and before that Club Bombay). It's been completely gutted and re-imagined by the local design team of Barbara Rourke and Jason St. John. They've been involved in some of the best-designed spaces in San Diego - including work on the shoestore Mint in Hillcrest, hair salon Disconnected in North Park and the bar at Aubergine downtown. The two have really stepped up for Starlite, including a huge octagonal entrance tunnel that opens into the main space, which is inspired by the modern house at the climax of "North by Northwest". They retained the original cool circular bar from Club Bombay, surrounded it with luxe booths and intimate dining tables and placed overhead an amazing chandelier made of LED lights and hundreds of stainless steel tubes.There's also an even larger open-air patio in the back with a second bar - perfect for warm San Diego nights.The food I tasted was great - more on this later after I go back and sample more of the menu - but I highly recommend the Starlite Mule, which is a heavy duty cocktail they make with extra strong ginger beer, bitters, and lots of vodka served in a big copper mug. The copper gets ice cold and after a few drinks your lips get ice cold too and ... well you just want to start macking on someone.Anyway, they are not promo'ing the opening of the club at all - it's just word of mouth - but based on how ridiculously busy Turf Club is it's only a matter of time 'til Starlite will be impossible to get into too. Don't sleep on this one.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2007,6/21/2007,134,160,6,7,5>Just your typical soft-serve joint if you ask me. BUT my boyfriend used to be NUTSO over Mr. Frosty! He would go all the time, and finally he got me hooked, too. Damnit! Our favorite order was always the Peanut Butter milkshake. It's good with vanilla or chocolate icecream in the shake, actually. It's also fun to hang out with all the other ice cream addicts waiting in line!  ONE WARNING: DON'T BUY THE FROSTY BUCKS!!! ... One time for Christmas, I decided to buy some Mr. Frosty gift certificates as a stocking stuffer for my BF. They ended up having red monopoly frosty bucks for sale, so I got 5 or 10, can't remember. It's $1 to 1 frosty buck. BUT, when you go buy something with the frosty bucks, they keep the change!!! Can you beleive that? So, if your order is $1.30 and all you have is frosty bucks, they're keeping your 0.70cents and too bad for you! What the hell is the incentive with that? I'm still pissed off at Mr. Frosty for that!
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,6/20/2007,666,662,16,6,7>Oh how I love you, Pannikin.  Pannikin was the first coffeeshop that I really fell in love with in San Diego, and the affair last to this day.  The random artwork, delicious gelato, saucy baristas, great coffee, free wi-fi, recent expanded space (take that, silly florist!), and cush location in a very random and VERY bourgeois mall makes my study or work time so much better.  Occasionally I'd just stop here when I was getting ready to drive up to L.A. for some evening coffee or gelato as a pick me up.Now I know I have the strange habit of attracting bizarre, bizarre people, but even from the admittedly eclectic mix of people (think rich moms in juicy brand sweatsuits, tragic clove cigarette smoking teenagers, and the ridiculous college student like me and a few others) I would manage to attract the truly truly insane.  One day at Pannikin i made the mistake of smiling absent mindedly to a woman reading an Italian language book.  She noted I was wearing a South African rugby jersey (I'd returned from abroad recently), and pointing to the flag, asked me if I was from Jamaica (!?), and told me she was writing a book about a bisexual European prince and heir with complex neurosis.  She then handed me her business card, which explained that she was Princess von Altendorf or something of the sort, complete with a hotmail email address.  Personally, I feel that if you are European royalty you should at least use gmail.  Crazed pseudo princesses aside, I've had nothing but amazing experiences at this cool and funky coffee shop in the middle of wealthy, plasticky, Del Mar.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2007,6/19/2007,134,206,20,10,11>Amount of parking tickets I'd received @ Mesa because parking sucks, and I couldn't get away from class to feed the meter: 4How many times I missed one of my classes or had been over a half hour late because I couldn't find a parking spot: AT LEAST 10.Number of times I frequented the cafeteria in the 4 years I went here: ZERO.Average wait time in my car before my first class started, because I had to get to school early TO get a parking spot: 2.5 HOURS.On a scale of 1-10, how easy it is to crash a class without hassle: 5 (Mesa is too crowded)Number of times Mesa was the setting in a college porn: ONE. (My friends and I recognized the library, and then she pulled out her Mesa ID to prove to the camera that she was a Mesa student. It was funny, and yet, bizzare.)Good times, Mesa...Good times.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/29/2007,6/18/2007,32,96,10,3,6>I feel like I am in a dysfunctional relationship with the HH.  I keep coming back for more only to be disappointed over and over again. I really do want to love this place.  I have a bunch of friends who like the food here and I like the vibe.  The servers are usually really great and the menu cracks me up (O'Hare of the dog...24oz beer and bacon)  I just do not like the food.  To be more specific, I do not like the biscuits or the potatoes.  I don't understand their take on the hash.  They basically mix the meat, cheese, and veggies together and dump it on the potatoes.Will I be back...probably.  Like any bad relationship I am really hoping that the HH will change or maybe even promise to change and then we can work things out.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2007,6/17/2007,121,226,9,9,10>WOW - I didn't remember Extraordinary Desserts looking like THIS! What happened to the quaint looking cafe?  As we put our names in for a table and I grabbed a bunch of their paper menus (for accurate yelping, of course) I realized our hotel Yellow Pages had omitted listing their original location on 5th Ave.  This Union location is a total restaurant set up, and display for Karen Krasne's growing success as a restauranteur and tea/confectionary name-brand.Heads up Karen - while your upscale style, decor and desserts are still 5 star quality, your restaurant staff needs some serious attention.It was late for dining, and most people were coming in for desserts coffee and apertifs, as our party was.  We got seated in a decent amount of time, which was the last bit of efficiency we experienced the rest of that evening.Our waitress was completely apathetic, and couldn't tell us what desserts were available.  "It's just what's up in the cases, I'd have to look."Umm, then GO LOOK.  Even after she finally did go look, she told me the two options I wanted weren't up there, so I just ordered a cheese plate & coffee for the moment, and immediately went up to the display front myself.  Where one of my preferences had obviously been sitting for a while, several pieces having already been taken. [Foodgasm Segway: The Viking Torte - chocolate creme brulee, milk chocolate whipped cream, b/t chocolate cake layers and fresh caramel, crusted w/crushed chocolate almond pralines. Back to complaining about the service]. After a couple of failed attempts for water from our server, I finally decided to just corner the water/bus boy myself.  I should've gotten a free coffee refill for serving myself this evening, instead of the $2 refill charge.An extra star to the other staffers, though, for being very gracious when our companions' baby decided to play frisbee with the coffee cup & saucer.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2007,6/16/2007,124,99,23,8,13>There is a fallacy, a myth - if you will - on what women do when they are together partaking in "Girl Time".FANTASY:  A group of women lounging around in their see-thru nighties, taking turns applying makeup on one another, filing and painting their nails as they talk and giggle about cosmetics, marriage, babies, ideal hubbies, diamond rings, and clothing designers.  Then - making out with each other before falling asleep in one another's laps.Sorry, men.  Not the case.  You know what REALLY goes down...?REALITY: To start off the evening, we gorge ourselves on 2 HUGE orders of some kind of fatty, greasy, calorie-laden, oh-so-good junk like the Carne Asada Nachos from Adalberto's (OMG - THE BOMB though).  Then when we get home, we lounge about in our stretchy pants/sweats/oversized t-shirts, bellies all hanging out, hair tied up in buns, make-up off, going to town on a whole chocolate cake that we share (eating it directly from the box), drinking bottle after bottle of wine and champagne until we get drunk-obnoxious-loud and laughing big guffaw laughter, analyzing endlessly our men issues and quandries, and sharing celebrity gossip as a movie we're not watching is playing in the background.  Sorry to burst your bubble boys.  Ya had to learn some time.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2007,6/14/2007,0,0,,9,8>now this IS dope... when i first heard about this i was pretty skeptical. kayaking with your dog! i mean ive kayaked in controlled waters and in a few other oceans by myself, but with my DOG and my gf... for both of them it would be their first times... but u know me, i HAD to try this.... i told my friends and family i was doing this and none of them believed we would. so they all drive down to san diego to see it for themselves.we got down to the shop early morning and at the shop you pay for the rental and pickup the paddles and life vests. they bring the kayaks down to the launch site by truck. its about a 100 yard walk from the shop to the launch.there was a group of us, i think 5 groups and we all had dogs. launching by yourself is one thing, but to launch with a girl whos never done it and a dog was insane. we were actually the only group to get our dog on the kayak. all the other groups struggled mightily and finally gave up after about 30 minutes. it took us about 10-15 minutes as well. but it was pretty sweet. we made it about 40 yards into the ocean and stayed close to shore just cause it was their first times. there are some pretty good views of la jolla. the toughest part is just getting pass the breakers. once past them the water is so calm.you can rent more than kayaks here, like bikes, boards, snorkel, check out their site.Pooch Paddling -- Take Your Dog Kayaking at La Jolla ShoresYour dog wants to go kayaking, just ask him! Join other dog families for a kayak tour at La Jolla Shores. We provide what you need, right down to the doggy life jackets! Tour around the gorgeous La Jolla Bay, paddle by the La Jolla Sea Caves and show your dog some marine life! Great family fun on a Saturday morning!Pooch Paddling Schedules: Third Saturday of each month,  8:30amCost:  $30, dogs are FREE!What is Provided: Kayaks, paddles, life jackets and doggy life jackets. We help you and Fido get set in your boats and launched at La Jolla Shores, but the trip is not with a guide.What to Bring: Expect to get wet. (Fido too. Probably not good for dogs who have never swum in lakes or the ocean.) Bring for the humans: shoes that can get wet (Tevas, tennis shoes, 'river shoes' or flip flops), bathing suit and or drip dry shorts/shirt, hat, sun screen. Bring (or buy from us) a 'leash' for valuable glasses. You can leave a towel and dry clothes at our shop. Please DO NOT bring valuables and things that cannot get wet: cell phones, pagers, car keys, non-waterproof watches, non-waterproof cameras.Ages and Participant Requirements: Ages 6 and up, must be able to swim, (dogs too.)What to Expect and Start Location: Be prepared to get wet! We launch into waves from the end of our street. Meet at our La Jolla Shores shop, where you will check in, sign waivers, etc. We will outfit you with a lifejacket and paddle. After a brief paddle instruction and safety talk you will walk down to the end of the street with your guide. Please note that wildlife sightings cannot be guaranteed. Here are driving directions and a map to our shop. Free parking is available on the side streets. The spots marked 'two-hour" parking are NOT RECOMMENDED (not enough time). Reservations: Reservations are strongly suggested. Call 866 HB KAYAK, 866.425.2925. Prices, tour times and meeting locations are subject to change without notice. Up-to-date information is always provided with your reservation.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2006,11/9/2006,28,126,3,1,1>A-1, handz down, MF'ing, 100% bestest shrimp tacos of ALL time. Guess what? They're a buck on Tuesday's.  Take the World Famous challenge and eat 10. Why not ? They're 1 dollar. Regularly $3. I dream of these little bastards everytime I eat a less appetizing shrimp taco. Show up early as the place get crazy crowded.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2006,11/8/2006,5,69,1,2,1>I have a habit. It's not that I don't do my laundry, it's that I sometimes pay other people to do it for me.I've dropped my laundry off here a few times and had it returned the same day. I was kind of busy. They fold it, hang it up, mate my socks. I felt kind of spoiled. It's a dollar something per pound. They weigh it and tell you how much you're in for.And they have a laundrymat, which is decent. Ok, I admit it, I've used it  Though I have a washer & dryer where I live, doing all my laundry at once is cool and it's kind of fun to do in public.The liquor store people will nicely tell you not to park in their spaces in the parking lot they share with the laundry.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2006,11/7/2006,40,147,1,5,4>Water, views, boats and ships, tourists, and art.Their recently-added art exhibition of "Urban Trees" is very interesting. I enjoyed looking and taking pictures, acting like a tourist in my own hometown.Parking is great during weekday evenings because it's free (after 6). Otherwise, it's metered.You can easily spend a couple hours just looking around, enjoying the scenery, and taking pictures, alongside other tourists and in between the joggers and walkers. There are a couple restaurants, right on the water, if you get hungry. A few gift shops, also. And, of course, rides on the boats. I haven't looked around on the ships (i.e. the Star of India) but admission is $12 for 5 ships.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2006,11/6/2006,4,2,,4,1>AMAZING fresh squeezed orange juice make for FABULOUS mimosas at the Broken Yolk! Try the French Toast with strawberries or the "mom" omelette or my roommates favorite the western eggs benedict...
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2006,11/5/2006,5,8,3,4,>I just plain enjoy the fact that Pizza Port gets so crowded it forces you out the front door with a cold beer in your hand. It is  as if The Port was stuck in a time warp where you could suck down a cold one on the sidewalk without fear of some pc denizen giving you the stinkeye and calling the cops. So what if this place doesn't have a ton of hipsters hanging around. I say, get out of your comfort zone and mingle with the soccer moms. Hey they were hip once.Anyways, the beer selection is mammoth and tasty, the pizza is always good and for those that don't drink they have the best homebrewed rootbeer on earth. I almost forgot, if you enjoy the beer pick up a growler and they will fill it so you can enjoy fine hops in the comfort of your own home.Cheers!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2006,11/4/2006,135,262,1,4,1>A friend recommended this place to me. I thought "Ok, he's gay and my gay friends always know all the good places. I should trust him." I'm glad I did because this place was great. Very good food, inventive menu, good atmosphere and they even have the big bottles of my favorite Chinese beer, Tsing Tao. We ordered fried rice with chicken and mango and kobe beef with tomatoes and papaya. Both were very good and were the perfect size for two people to share. We finished everything and felt like we had had just enough. They play contemporary music fairly loud but you can still hear your friends next to you talk. The decor is very Gaslampish-- ultra modern, funky, a little clubbish..... you know what I mean. They even had a DJ spinning where the hostess usually stands after the dinner hours are over but it wasn't overdone or too loud. Definitely check this place out. The staff is very helpful and warm. Go there on a weekday night to enjoy a slower pace but still with a good amount of energy.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/1/2006,11/2/2006,416,587,3,3,1>Well, I have a lot of happy memories at this place. It is a pretty tacky place to have happy memories in, but for review purposes we won't go there. Cabo Cantina's couldn't be more loud and obnoxious. The place is packed with drunkin' frat boys during it's popular happy hours and it is littered with the most hideous faux Mexican decorations I've ever seen. The waitresses sport midriff baring tops and tasteless music constantly blares over the sound system.But like I said, I have a lot of happy memories at the place. But maybe that's because it has a two-for-one deal on margaritas during happy hour. That's right you heard me, you could get two shots of tequila in your margarita for the price of one. Hot damn! When the waitress first told me about the deal, I hesitated. The thought of dinking large quantities of tequila at 5 p.m. was bothersome, or maybe it was just the idea of drinking large quantities of tequila any time that made me think twice. But my friend's response to Cabo Cantina's two-for-one margaritas was, "why not?" And I have had that attitude ever since.  No wonder I have a lot happy memories at this place.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2006,10/31/2006,249,153,4,10,11>Rehearsal spaces are typically vile, dirty, scary places with the most unholy restrooms ever known to woman.  Vaguely sinister, vividly tattooed, long-haired heavy metal dudes and palpably arrogant, parentally-sponsored indie boys wander freely, glaring and grunting at everyone they encounter.  Invariably shady owners and managers lock you in or out and leave you stranded while they complete a "business" transaction.  Remnants of drug paraphernalia litter the corners, and there's something sticky on the--hey, is that blood?You get the idea.  My point is that Black Box goes against that paradigm.  Black Box is clean, the bathrooms are stocked regularly, needles don't litter the ground.  Mike and Mario run the show there, and I can honestly say they've never locked me in the studio while they drove to National City to make a deal (yes, that actually happened to me at another rehearsal space), and that they're honest, straight-forward guys.  Black Box leases monthly practice rooms to bands, and also has a room available for hourly rental, where they provide a P.A. and mics.  The soundproofing leaves something to be desired, but once you're plugged in and playing, you won't be able to hear the other bands around you.  Not in a band and can't figure out why Black Box should matter to you?  Well, Black Box also boasts a recording studio, which doubles as a performance space when they put on a show.  Bands that have recorded or played at Black Box include Transfer, Japanese Sunday, Goblin Cock, Vitro, Jezebel, and Hialeah.  Most of the bands just listed also rent monthly rooms at the studio.  I myself attended a few of those shows, as well as a photography show also held in the recording/performance room.I love Black Box.  I hang out there and practice there and some of the other bands there have become a surrogate family of sorts.  Ladies, I met my boyfriend there.  So yes, check out Black Box.  Come to a show, or record that folk record you've always dreamed of.  Rock for an hour in the hourly room.  Just get on it!
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2006,10/29/2006,58,154,1,2,1>I love Pokez so much, that even though I live in San Francisco, and I'm still writing a review of it!  Oh man, this place is one of those great little gems that you stumble across in life that makes it seem like there is some greater cosmic order guiding the universe and perhaps my particular place in it.  On tour, hungry, tired, we drive into downtown San Diego hours before the show.  We park the van.  Stumble out and see Pokez, right there, waiting for us.  "Looks good, let's go."  As we walk in, I notice like all these aging punk rock fliers and pictures of cool bands and San Diego scenesters on the wall.  I pick up the menu and it all comes together: Tofu Chimichangas!  Yummy red sauce! Potatoes in burritos!  It's like this place was made just for me and my esoteric tastes!  Oh man Pokez is really great, I've gone back every time I'm in thugging it up in tha 619, and salivate thinking about it on a friday afternoon here in tha 415.  Yum, indeed.  Oh, and they have this beer there that is the best beer I've ever had in my life.  I can't remember what it's called, but it's a "white beer" and is named like "Cavalier" or "Chanticleer" or something along those lines.  Super good, bring that shit up to the bay.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2006,10/28/2006,658,530,1,2,1>This modern museum is a wonderful asset to San Diego and a wonderful home to many great exhibits, shows, and film screenings and festivals. Sporting a grand view of La Jolla's sparkling blue Pacific Coast, it's a must see if you are just stopping by our sunny seaside town for a visit. They annually showcase the Spike and Mike Sick and Twisted Animation film festival which is splendid if you like high quality adult humor
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,9/29/2014,792,572,9,13,13>We actually stumbled across this place last night after striking out twice with the crazy crowds waiting for a table at Dumpling Inn & Crab Hut.  Since we already found a good parking spot on the street and walked past Red Moon (as we changed our minds about waiting for a table at Crab Hut), we decided to give Red Moon a try.Before we opted for Red Moon, I was telling my hubby ten minutes before that we ought to explore more restaurants on Convoy since I'm sure there are many hidden treasures we have yet to discover.  Well last night, Red Moon Noodle House became one of our new hidden treasures.We were quickly greeted by Tom (we later learned his name at the end of our wonderful meal here) and he brought out two menus and two glasses of water.  We were intrigued by the food pictures hanging on their window, which lured us in.  I also remember reading some Yelp friends' favorable reviews of this place, so it was worth checking out.I always want to try the noodle dishes, that's a given whenever we eat at an Asian restaurant.  The Red Moon Beef sounded really delicious and Tom complimented us on our great choice.  That was supposed to be the only two dishes we were to eat, but I guess our appetite got the best of us.As we waited for our food to come out, I told my hubby that we never order sweet & sour dishes.  I mentioned that I don't mind these types of dishes, but we both agreed that we can only eat 2-3 bites at most before we're over the dish.  As we both looked at the picture of the sweet & sour pork dish hanging on the window, that's when Tom happened to come by our table and highly recommended it after describing the dish to us.  He said it's lightly breaded, the flavors are great and it's a hit with their Japanese customers.  We were intrigued by this dish, so we threw in that order as well.All the dishes did not disappoint.  We're usually concerned about dishes being overly salted, but these were perfectly made.  The Red Moon Beef had a delayed, subtle heat and the noodles was plentiful with the chicken, beef and shrimp.  When the sweet & sour pork dish came out, it looked really appetizing and after the first bite, Tom was spot on in how great this dish is.We immediately decided that this place is one of our primary 'go to' spots for us now and will be included in our rotation of places to dine at on Convoy.  We loved it so much, well, I loved it so much that I couldn't stop saying "Mmmm!!!!  Mmmm!!!" after every bite of that lovely sweet & sour pork, LOL!Tom was super nice and very helpful with our first dining experience at Red Moon Noodle House.  Despite that it shares the crazy parking lot as Crab Hut, we'll suck it up and park along the street to dine here many times over since it's certainly worth the trip!
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,9/28/2014,213,143,10,23,18>Erlinda's, once known to be Conching's, is a combined restaurant and ice cream parlor. There is a wide selection of Filipino cuisine on one side of the restaurant, with different ice creams on the other side. The "ice cream" parlor of Erlinda's is famous for it's delicious and inexpensive halo halo--translated into "mix mix". This means that it is a dessert mixed with different sweets and other desserts (condensed milk and jell-o, for example), and you can top it off with some ice cream.Since there is new management, or it is completely renovated, whatever the case... It seems as if there is a better selection of food. I have yet to try the food, but it looks delicious! It has the exact same layout as Conching's did, but there are minor improvements and changes.
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,9/27/2014,741,244,13,12,14>When it comes down to Oscar's I turn into a needy girlfriend.  All I want is Oscar's....like I can't stop thinking about it, always wanna be there, doing drivebyes even when I'm not hungry.   Helloooooo is it me you're looking for....Get inside me grilled yellowtail taco!   Hey you,  mixed ceviche...my name is written all over you so don't get cray!   Agua de Jamaica, I see you eyeballin' me! Even the bean n'cheese burrito is bomb.  I haven't tried the surf n'turf burrito because I feel I would be cheating on my fish taco and ceviche, but one day it will happen. ProTip:  Ask for the Ahi Poke, its on the "secret" menu but shhhhh don't tell no one. Green sauce is the shit!!  I mean c'mon now, I want to bathe in it.#yvonnecrest
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/26/2014,720,560,19,20,20>Okay...There is sort of a death wish climbing down from Torrey Pines Glider Port down to Black's beach.  I have done it a couple of times, there are other options walking from the beach north of this area.It's a great place to be naked (although I don't think this is legal in this beach but tolerated since the kids aren't around here too much - too far from the actual beach area where they normally congregate).Maybe that is why I give it 5 stars.  Location and of course, the ability to enjoy yourself au naturel!Come and join us in the summer at this beach!
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/25/2014,59,729,19,17,19>It has been a few years since I have done a review on Lolitas.  There is not a whole lot that has changed.  Its still THE BEST taco shop in San Diego.  Its always consistent.  The prices have gone up over the years but it is still worth it!  Me, the wife and my buddy came here for lunch.  It was the first official visit for my son Billy, too!   He can't eat any of this deliciousness yet, but as soon as he grows teeth, I am taking him here.  He will probably be a big fan of the jack cheese quesadilla.  I can feel it already. Anyways...........   Julio was there to greet us as usual.  He congratulated me on having a kid.  Julio is a cool dude.  He is always friendly and always cheerful and loves to joke around.Me and my buddy went with California Burritos today (Best in SD IMO) and split a small Carne Asada Chips.  The wife got the Friday Lunch Special (Beef Tostada, rice, beans and a drink....her favorite).  Total for everything including drinks was a little over $31.00.  You may think that is a tad steep for 3 people at a taco shop, but its totally justified and you definitely get your moneys worth.  On to the food................California Burrito- ($6.00)  This thing is fat!  Check out the picture next to my son!   Lolitas version of the California includes carne asada, cheese, fries and sour cream.  They pack too many fries (always crispy at least) in their burritos sometimes, but the combo of flavors makes you forget about the overload of fries.  I mix some of their red and green hot sauces together and its love in every bite.  If its your first time here, and you love burritos, you have to go with the California.  It's the best in SD! Carne Asada Chips- ($6.00)  These things are always great.  Lolitas chips are always thin and crispy.  They top these with carne asada, cheddar cheese, cotija cheese, sour cream and guacamole.  The small version is still pretty plentiful.  Its enough for  2 people to share if you get another item (burrito, taco etc) too.  If you are feeling really hungry or have a larger group, I would go with the regular sized one which is a few dollars more.  The regular sized version of the chips/fries are HUGE.They serve Coke products which is awesome.  Their Coke is a tad sweeter than other places but it hits the spot when washing down your delicious food.  They also have Horchata and those type of drinks from the fountain also.Everyone I have ever taken here falls in love with it too!  My Aunt Barbara from Pennsylvania came here with me one time and we got some Carne Asada Fries.  She thought they were the greatest thing since sliced bread.  She even had a craving for them once and drove over from Hillcrest by herself just to get them! (This is a 65 year old lady from the countryside in Pennsylvania where they have no Mexican food either....she was a convert at first bite!)    It really is  head and shoulders above all other taco shops IMO.  Try it for yourself.....you'll see!  Lolitas has our family as customers for life.  We will continue to come back over and over and over.P.S. If you don't agree that its the best, we might not be able to be friends anymore ;-)
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,9/24/2014,575,62,22,25,25>No complaints from me, especially after I had some fun with my husband last night ;) I used to live on dictionary hill so I would drive past this intersection every single day of my life. I remember being a little girl throughout all of elementary school and middle school and wondering what kind of store that was and why only adults were allowed. My parents sheltered me so I never bothered asking why only adults were allowed in there but I was determined at the ripe old age of 9 that I would one day make my way in there and no one is stopping me! This location is very easy to find, it is right off the 25 freeway and surprisingly it is not open 24 hours but only until 2 am. There is always open parking and the employees were super nice. There were so many fun things in there: outfits, toys, lubes, DVDs, blow up dolls, etc. They had one thing that stood out to me a lot. It was a blow up exercise ball with a dildo sticking out of it so you would bounce on it, burn calories, and have some fun at the same time ;)That was not what I bought though. I actually bought a rabbit. I bought the original jack rabbit and this toy is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for single ladies as well as husband/boyfriends who want to make dreams come true for their partners. Seriously, this toy should be called The Dream Maker. There are different models and the prices range from $30 to over $100. I went with one that was $80 and it is definitely worth the money! Private message me if you want more details! This place is awesome and super fun! Sex should not be taboo or something people are ashamed of so treat yo self Yelpers!
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,9/23/2014,155,62,22,26,25>Let it be known that this is hands-down, THE BEST ice cream I've EVER had. I don't know what they do to it that keeps me coming back. But their chocolate Ice cream is killer. And their waffle cones are SO FRESH and warm when you get them. They don't taste like your ordinary waffle cones either. They're BETTER. And you get so much bang for your buck. A filled waffle cone will cost less than half of what you'd pay at that Cold Rock place. When you arrive, and you see a long line, don't get discouraged. I promise you, it is worth the wait. And you can either take your ice cream and take a stroll on the pier or on the beach. Or just sit on one of the little tables outside and watch the waves crash. Watch out for seagulls though, one tried to swipe my ice cream from my hands Sea World style! If you know what I mean.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,9/22/2014,1165,834,13,23,20>You heard it here, folks:  Swoon is the BEST dessert spot in San Diego.Forget those *other* overpriced tourist traps all over town, all of which claim to have "extraordinary" or "heavenly" desserts.  The only thing that distinguishes those places are sky-high prices and ridiculous lines.Swoon, on the other hand, is the real deal: gourmet, unique desserts with amazing service and top-quality product.Two of us dropped by Swoon on a cold and rainy date night.  We sat at the bar and opted for the tasting menu ($18), plus another dessert from the a la carte menu to waive the shared-plate charge:1) Amuse bouche -- Strawberry gelato and citrus puree served on a soup spoon2) Cocktail grapefruit sorbet with chamomile and shortbread 3) Vanilla gelato with hazelnut crunch, strawberry glass, Arbequina olive oil, and tangerine sea salt 4) Caramelized onion ice cream with turnip, radish, and mache (from the a la carte menu)5)  70% dark chocolate gelato with roasted blackberries, pate brisee, and scorpion pepper ganache These desserts were all breathtaking.  So much more unique and innovative than just about anything else the San Diego dessert scene has to offer.  While dining here, I felt like I was in New York or Napa.  The most interesting item was the caramelized onion ice cream.  This was a truly savory dish with the texture of a dessert -- amazing!  My favorite was the vanilla gelato.  I loved the pairing of vanilla with olive oil, and the dehydrated strawberry glass made for an amazing texture.Service is pitch-perfect.  Our server was friendly, and the chef was nice enough to select the appropriate spot in the tasting menu to insert our extra a la carte plate.What else can I say?  Swoon is absolutely marvelous!
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,9/21/2014,597,525,11,13,13>It truly is tragic that I don't explore Shelter Island more. Whenever I find myself wanting to be near the water, I typically meander over to Harbor Island. After my experience at Bali Hai, I imagine Shelter is going to be part of my regular dining rotation.We arrived for reservations on a Sunday evening around 7:00pm. The space is both stunning and spacious, showcasing a Polynesian theme that is thoughtful and not overdone. The dining room is huge; large windows showing a panoramic view of the surrounding environs awaits. The view of the San Diego cityscape will utterly take your breath away. Although Harbor Island offers views of the city that are much closer in proximity, the one that this particular restaurant provides encompasses a larger area of geography. We were seated right at a window, and I think we probably had one of the best tables in the restaurant. Bali Hai has a reputation for its potent Mai Tai. That became even more evident when our adorable waitress provided us with a disclaimer about them as we were ordering. She even gave me instructions of how to hold the glass when they arrive. The Mai Tai is serious business at this establishment, and after one sip I understood why. It's pure alcohol. Lightweights will only need one. Because my indulgence has no bounds, I had two. I'll just say that I was grateful that we had employed Uber to transport us, as my drunk ass barely stumbled out of the restaurant.Everything we ate was absolutely wonderful. Nothing was bad or even mediocre. It was all excellent.CRAB CAKES:  A little pricey, and the portions are a bit on the small side, but the quality of the crab was on point, and the accouterments enhanced the construction beautifully. A lovely menu item to share to whet the appetite. BABY KALE SALAD:  The kale is locally grown, always a characteristic that I like to see. But the best part o the salad? It's accented by pieces of chicken sausage. So unique and flavorful. Loved and savored every tasty bite. This is a lovely item to share. WARM BREAD:  In total, I believe we consumed about three baskets of this. We just couldn't stop eating it. We ate, and ate, and ate some more. Out waitress brought it to our table without inhibition. MISO MARINATED BLACK COD:  Served with a mustard cream and a portion of green beans, this was a well-executed dish. The fish was prepared nicely and had a moist texture. Love.GARLIC MASHED POTATOES:  Heaven.THAI BRUSSELS SPROUTS WITH CHINESE SAUSAGE:  If you come to Bali Hai and fail to order this side then you're a silly fool. This interpretation ranks among some of the best Brussels sprout dishes I've encountered. I'm typically not a fan of balsamic, but its presence in this construction was subtle. And the Chinese sausage? Mouth watering. All of the flavors melded together to make every crispy sprout a sheer delight to consume. We scraped the platter clean.I just can't say enough about how pleased I was with both the food and service at this dining spot. And the ambiance just couldn't have been better on what would otherwise have been a dreary Sunday night fretting about the impending workweek. Well done, Bali Hai.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,9/20/2014,176,536,10,18,12>Came here with a bunch of co workers, since we were a large group we were put in a back room in the corner so i was afraid that the meats would not come around as often, but they were on it.  Service was impeccable and meats were plentiful and they came around often to refill waters, drinks, offer coffee and desserts.  As a former waiter i know it can be easy to forget about a table that is out of your line of site so i was really impressed that we got the level of service that we did in our obscure location away from the crowded restaurant.When i go to Brazilian steak houses my favorite is usually the rib eye and beef ribs, this time my favorite was the skirt steak!  So tender and flavorful.  My second favorite was the baby back ribs, i broke down and ate them with my hands.  I also liked the beef ribs, lamb, and garlic sirloin.  There wasn't a thing that i didn't like actually, even the salad bar!The salad bar had king crab legs, some which i thought were a bit bland, but i just added a bit of salt and it was all good.  The shrimp was also good too, large shrimp cocktail, perfectly cooked, I usually don't go for shrimp cocktail on buffet lines because they are usually over cooked and bland.  These were perfect and i went back for a few servings of these.  I also liked the sun dried tomatoes with seaweed, it was so good, never had anything like that before.  There are also other parts to the salad bar too that you might miss, if you turn around there are chafing dishes with hot dishes like stewed beef with vegetables, fish in coconut milk, and next to the bar there are more hot dishes like salmon, and some other things that i missed.  There are even chocolate chip cookies.We also opted to split a few desserts, our waiter recommended the Brazilian flan, Man was he right!  I love flan, even have my own recipe, but this one was so good!  Thick and rich but not heavy, a slight hint of coconut lingers in your mouth at the end of each bite.  So good, be sure to save room for this one.  (Its not included in the buffet)We also got the peanut butter cake with chocolate ice cream, it was like a thick peanut butter mousse or something it went well with the chocolate ice cream.Over all i really enjoyed myself here, i liked that the salad bar had not only salad but seafood and hot items as well so it wasn't just all meat.There are no doubt going to be comparisons between Rei Do Gado and Fogo De Chao.  They are both equally good, id say the meat is slightly better at Fogo De Chao, but more expensive.  While Rei Do Gado is more reasonable and has crab legs, shrimp and a more variety on the salad bar.  Its like deciding between 2 swim suit models, is there really a winner or a looser?Parking at Horton Plaza (a block away) is free for 3 hours, just be sure to validate your parking stub in the mall before you go to eat, the validation machine closes with the mall but the parking attendant stays open later.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,5/8/2011,256,133,22,16,11>So what if Hob Nob's dinner rush is over 3:15 PM...or if my excess bone density had some of my fellow patrons ogling me like a '58 Edsel? I loved every second of Hob Nob's kitsch decor and throng of octogenarians. Initially, I couldn't even get into the restaurant as an elderly couple (they looked around 80) argued about whether they should wait outside for a buggy (doubt one of those was coming) or go back inside. The heated exchange was palpably vicious: She: We should wait inside. He: Nah. She: It's cold. Let's go inside. He: Naah! She: Come on. He: Shh. She: Let's go. I'm cold. He: No. After about thirty seconds, I asked if I could slip by this domestic dispute to go into Hob Nob's. As an added bonus, I held the door open and said "You guys should come inside. It's cold out there!" Zing! She said: See! He said: Ahhhh. Just be quiet. Aint love grand? When we went inside, and were waiting to sit at our table, the feud continued while she sat in the waiting area and he decided to stand: She: Come sit next to me. He: Nah. She: Come on. Why stand? He: I want to stand. She: Just sit down. He: No. She: But you could sit. He: I don't want to sit. And before I could sit next to her and run my fingers through her wig, we were called off to our table. *** The food was phenomenal...much better than expected, definitely a meat and potatoes (and butter) kind of place. The prime rib was ridiculously awesome...as were the horseradish and au jus. I am a notoriously slow eater when it comes to red meat, so the executive chef (who circles around the restaurant to make sure everyone is happy with his/her meal), came by twice...both times looking concerned that I was unhappy with my dish. Nope, just takes me longer to eat than it takes most of the other customers to pee. You also get these mini loaves of bread with the meal...and the wheat one had orange rind in it. Shocking, but delicious. Clearly, it must be low in cholesterol. We finished our meal with a slice of homemade cherry pie...which our waitress said came with options of "whipped cream and ice cream, or just whipped cream, or just ice cream, or neither." Interesting. We went for "just whipped cream." Best cherry pie I've ever had. Goopy, in a good way. *** I am definitely going back to Hob Nob...I loved every second of my meal. Great atmosphere...and it's nice knowing I am the most virile male in a 100 foot radius.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,5/7/2011,607,243,10,9,9>I have a method towards making a dent on one's gargantuan platter. Taking time outs are essential in order to permit the avalanche of food from settling into your belly. Simply relax, sit back, unbutton your pants, and wait at least fifteen minutes. In no time, one of the tables nearby will have their food arrive. The tantalizing appearance of another dish should stimulate your appetite to pick up where you left off. If this doesn't work for you and you can no longer feed yourself any more tasty, delicious and love-handle-inducing goodness, then why are you at Hash House in the first place? Pansies like you don't belong here. There aren't any sissy salads for you either. Salads arrive in a bowl that come in the size of a bird bath. It's a complete waste if you put your food in a to-go box that is the size of an aluminum catering tray. Shame on you. You disgust me more than the Palin's on network television. Ok, maybe not as bad as the Palin's. But, you still disappoint me since copious amounts of leftovers is a no no at Hash House A Go Go. (please note that I am a sissy who needs a aluminum catering tray for my leftovers)
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,5/6/2011,472,335,12,14,13>On this gloomy and wet June afternoon, I decided that it was time for some noodle soup.  It was a toss-up between getting pho and ramen, but I'm glad that I ultimately decided on the latter.I wasn't glad right away though.  Upon entering Yakyudori Yakitori & Ramen, I was taken aback at their busy dining area and queue of parties waiting for a table.   Nevertheless, I stuck with it and after about 7 minutes I got my lone self seated at the bar.  They apologized for the wait (I wasn't expecting that), and quickly supplied me with a cold glass of mugi-cha (barley tea), which is complimentary during lunch hours.  Refreshing!I already knew what I wanted.  The waiter quickly walked over and took my order of shio ramen with extra noodles.  In less than five minutes the bowl was prepared and sent my way.Eating out at a restaurant is generally a great social activity, but not this time.  Today for lunch, it was just an intimate conversation between me and this bowl of broth, noodles, green onions, toasted garlic, bamboo shoots, corn (yes corn), and chashu pork.  Nothing added.  Nothing removed.  Let's get talking.The first impression of the shio broth was a good one.  Definitely a flavorful backdrop of pork and salt, with the added qualities from the green onion and toasted garlic toppings.  And, since the bowl was freshly prepared, the added components did not taste just like the broth; rather, everything kept its essence and broth added to them.  Throughout the entire bowl, the soup remained hot thanks to the thin layer of oil on top that protected it from the elements.  When all was said and done, the broth proved more than adequate for the shio ramen.Now with the noodles, I've been privy to ramen from other San Diego businesses like Chopstix, Tajima, and Santouka.  I'm happy to say the noodles at Yakyudori Yakitori are now my favorite.  It could have been as simple as the fact that they arrive to your table slightly firmer than al dente so that throughout eating your bowl it will never approach the "mushy" stage.  Maybe it's the fact that these noodles are delivered from Los Angeles, which is (at least in my books) a ramen Mecca (I got my ramen-ya cherry popped at Daikokuya in Little Tokyo).  Or maybe it's just the excellence of the shio broth that it could have made any damn noodle taste pretty choice.  Whatever it is or was, among all places I've eaten in San Diego, I enjoy the noodles here the most.What about that delicate half-boiled egg that's often people's (or at least my) favorite part of the dish?  How does that fare?  Pretty good.  If you like the egg at Tajima, you'll know what to expect here.  In fact, the egg here is better.  It's so deep in flavor that you know there's more to it than just getting the timing right when it comes to removing the egg from the boiling water.  It's sweet and soy saucy and... ahhh I can't even fairly describe it.  But if you're gonna remember one thing about your bowl of ramen, it just might be your boiled egg.Now not every component of the ramen is memorable.  The chashu pork definitely has great flavor that even cuts through the salty pork broth, but the texture leaves something to be desired.  It's not bad at all, but it's nothing you haven't already had if you've had ramen with chashu.  Get the pork at Santouka.  Now THAT's chashu.But even with all that said, this simple bowl of ramen had a lot to tell me.  Full of flavors and experiences even without adding condiments to it, Yakyudori Yakitori's shio ramen gets my full approval.  So far it's the best ramen I've had in San Diego, and it's really close to the best bowl of ramen I've had in my life.  I'm not saying that everyone will have the same experience as me, but I am saying that it is worth your time and money to give it a shot at least once.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,5/5/2011,282,207,8,16,15>My Monday night savior. This cafe is located in the Bumble Bee headquarters building. I'm in class every Monday night for four hours in the building over. There is no way that I could make it with 8 hours of work and 4 hours of class without this place. First off love the friendly faces. The owner is super sweet and spunky. The other staff that work there are just as amazing. This cafe is well stocked with an abundance of snacks. Perfect for a student with munchies. To start off they have a variety of sandwiches hot and cold, soups and salads. They have a large menu of smoothies, in addition to their specialty coffee drink menu. Always a fresh pot of coffee on and a variety of teas in case you're not a big coffee person. What's super hard to resist specially if you're trying to be good are the baked goods. Huge muffins, fresh baked blueberry scones, they always have three different types of cakes, homemade brownies and chocolate chip cookies. Aside from coffee/tea they have all the coke products including vitamin water in a bunch of flavors. They also have a bunch of different kinds of chips, granola bars, and other snack items.They have a good size seating area so you can chill and eat your grub. If you're in the area during the week this place is a great!
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,5/4/2011,281,408,21,18,20>Just sit right back and you'll hear a taleA tale of a fateful trip Back to the 'hood where I grew upGrab a brew and take a sip.Ballast Point is a sailing termBut they make good beers tooThree tours around the brewery a dayThey'll show you brew they brew, they'll show you how they brewThe tastings started getting pouredWe had the full board to try, One for each member of the crewDidn't matter what the cost, didn't matter what the costWe tasted 9 total brews, the special ones tooThere was Yellowtail, and IPAA Doppelbock, well, twoThe Calico Amber Ale A porter and Wahoo WheatHere at Ballast Point BrewSo this is the tale of my trip backTo the delicious place from homeThey're the best of 'em around this place*And I'd never lie. And I'd never lie.*Place meaning Scripps Ranch. I mean, really, I'm not that bold.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,5/3/2011,242,154,31,7,7>Whenever I go to see concerts that are standing room only type shindigs, I immediately think of elementary school tiered-bleachers portraits, where I was always on the end of the very goddamn bottom row cause I was a total midg- little person for most of my life and it made me soooo mad.Nowadays though, I rarely mind being in the lower percentile of the height chart because for the most part it works to my advantage: I can wear whatever heels I want without towering over dudes, and I can fit behind the entertainment center to fix the A/V wiring or reset the modem (because I'm a scrawny nerd, blah blah blah). AND THEN THERE ARE CONCERTS LIKE LAST NIGHT'S DELTA SPIRIT AT THE BELLY UP.+ Awesome venue + Great sound+ Cheap drinks+ Big smoking patio+ Decent crowd+ Quick bathroom lines- BUT. BUT BUT BUT. If you are a veritable giant, like, I'm talking 6'5 or above: why do you think you're allowed to stand in front of us normal human-sized people and completely block our view? I know YOU know you're freakishly tall and I can also tell you're a goddamn socialist by your stupid mustache&fedora combo so be a little more egalitarian to your less fortunate comrades and stand a few feet back, Jumbo Size Karl Marx. Signed, The general, non-monstrosity publicI have provided an illustration here: static1.px.yelpcdn.com/b…
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,5/2/2011,132,153,14,19,17>After reading the reviews from my fellow Yelpers, I begged my Hubby to come with me to Prepkitchen for lunch.  This restaurant was even more charming than I imagined.  It is nestled in between a bunch of little shops.  We ordered the following: The heirloom tomato BAT and beef hash.  The BAT was fantastic.  It was thick slices of heirloom tomatoes, avocados, greens, and bacon, nestled between two slices of toasted rustic bread.  It was delicious.  The beef hash with two eggs was amazing. It was a creative spin on the old fashion version of the beef hash and eggs.  The dish was a slow cooked beef brisket with potatoes over large slice of artisan bread.  The dish was topped with two poached eggs that blended with the beef gravy.  The combination of flavors was a winner in my mouth.  This was the best beef hash I have ever dined on. My sandwich was accompanied by a tossed green salad and fresh made potato chips.  The salad was lightly dressed with balsamic vingerette. It was well seasoned.For a couple more dollars, you can upgrade your meal to a combo and add a cup of soup.  I decided to add corn chowder soup.  It was delicious like everything else we ordered.With great food and service like this, we will definitely be back for more.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,5/1/2011,177,552,8,14,11>An amazing hair cut experience!! I was lucky enough to call in on a Fri afternoon & be able to get a cut right away with Nikki, which is fortunate because she usually takes appointments only. I found out that her & her family have been working this salon/spa for nearly 26 years & they do just about everything, from haircuts to waxing to nails to facials! I can't say anything about their other services, but the hair cut I received from Nikki was fantastic! I asked for voluminous layers to spice up my flat Asian hair & she took her scissors & worked her magic ever so effortlessly. 45 mins later, I was rockin' a new hair do that was bouncy & full of life. She often asked to make sure things look good before continuing on & made all the alterations I asked for, no problem. And to top it all off, my cut was only $20!! Unbelievable! I have paid well over $60 for haircuts that don't come out nearly as nice as my cut today. Never again will I overpay for a haircut again, mark my word!I highly recommend this salon, especially if you have Asian hair as all the stylists here are Vietnamese & have loads of experience. It's a family run business in a little strip mall plaza with plenty of parking, definitely a friendly place. Check it out if you need an affordable, quality hair cut!
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,4/29/2011,182,48,11,17,10>Great pizzas, great salads and consistent service. This is a great family friendly place that delivers comforting, simple food. A really pleasant dining experience. Authentic Italian pizzas made in open kitchen in a crowded convivial atmosphere. Wait staff is typically Italian and very friendly. Nice patio area, too.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,4/28/2011,280,181,16,18,17>Ohhh. Myyy. Gahhh. COCONUT ICE CREAM. The ice cream is made in-house and the coconut and jackfruit bits put it over the top. I don't even like coconut but it was seriously good. Addicting actually. I recently ordered a quart-sized container to go because really.. one scoop just didn't satisfy.Lotus Thai makes me come.. err.. back over and over again.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2009,9/14/2009,1165,834,16,22,18>If you're looking for a coffee table, don't waste your time with the jillion other furniture stores in San Diego.  They don't come remotely close to the oustanding selection and service that Ari can provide for you at House Boi.There's no point in hanging around Antiques Row, unless you're really trying to evoke the Great Depression in your living room.  (Nothing screams "Welcome home!" like a Dust Bowl of ratty wooden furniture.)There's no point in wasting hours in the consignment warehouse on Hancock St near Washington, trying to find the nonexistent piece that is simultaneously affordable, styley, and *not* broken. There's no point in traipsing up and down Miramar Rd, looking at tacky, overstuffed, bloated furniture that belongs on the set of the Real Housewives of Carmel Valley.  (Note: I am aware that reality shows don't have "sets" per se, but I think you get the picture.)Instead, just come to House Boi.  Chat with Ari, flip through catalogs together, discuss your likes and dislikes, and let him work his magic by acting as your personal furniture guide and then finding the perfect coffee table for you (at a reasonable price to boot).Next time, I'll know better.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,9/13/2009,83,183,11,14,13>I couldn't stop thinking about this place since the first time I was there.  I went back to try the sandwiches.  They basically give you the cheese of your choice on the bread of your choice and it comes with a choice of fruit.  This used to be 5 bucks, but they recently raised it to 6.50 :( which I can understand, but it's still a great deal for what you get.  They aren't skimpy with the cheese at all, and the breads are delicious.  They get the bread delivered from a local bakery.  It's a great pairing with the fruit, and it comes out to a good lunch for under 7 bucks.  This is a great way to try some new cheeses or enjoy one of your favorite cheeses in one large lump sum.Cheese.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2009,9/12/2009,282,207,22,30,29>This place is orgasmic!!!!I had one of the best sandwiches of my life today. I ordered the SOHO: Turkey, Genoa Salami, Swiss Cheese, tomato and dijon mustard, with the fixins': Mayo, onions, lettuce, and house dressing.Let me tell you their house dressing is what make this sando one of my favs!!!!All the fresh and tasty ingredients are laid in a yummy, soft, freshly baked sub roll. I don't think I've ever had bread so yummy on a sando.The SOHO is originally $7.75 but with a student Id you can get any sandwich on the menu for just $6.00!!! Killer deal! The subs are about a foot long, maybe a little less, but trust me they are plenty filling.I just can't get over the wholesome goodness of it all.This place has officially gone to my number one spot of favorite sandwiches!They take credit card, closed Sundays!!! They also have a reasonable seating area for dine in. This place isn't just a deli it's a mini Italian market! They had a full deli meat display along with all types of cheese.  They also have a fridge section with ready to go dinners, from single portions to family sized lasagnas, pastas and other Italian dishes.They have shelves full of Italian ingredients as well.MMmmm, I can't wait to go back!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,9/11/2009,393,158,18,25,22>I was excited when I learned that Ali Baba's Cave was exactly 3 miles from my apartment. This spot is a bit in the middle of nowhere, underneath the 5 freeway at the tip of the Golden Triangle. Overall, Ali Baba's Cave is a creatively decorated establishment marked by an interesting fusion of Persian and Polish culture.This place is more of a chill spot for hookah and drinks, rather than an ideal dinner destination.We came for Persian party night, which is every 2nd Friday of the month.The food was pretty standard in terms of quality. The falafel was average, the lamb chops were succulent.I ordered one of the Polish beers. It seems that this Middle Eastern restaurant is owned, at least in part, by Polish people because this may be the only restaurant in San Diego that offers a few types of Polish beers.My friend had the "Ali Baba's Special Beer," which was a combination of beer and fresh squeezed orange juice. This unique drink was refreshing but tasted like the orange juice diluted most of the alcohol content of the beer.After finishing dinner, we ran over to 1 of the 2 couch areas. We were unable to get the almost-enclosed cave because it was only the two of us; it appears the cave is reserved for larger groups. However, the couch area we were able to sit at was comfy, had tons of pillows, and was a relaxing place for us to smoke hookah.At about 8 pm, 4-5 belly dancers came out and started dancing around the restaurant. They all appeared to be Polish. People were tipping them $1 dollar bills by slipping them into the waste bands of their belly dancing attire. Although the Polish belly dancers were unique in the context of this Middle Eastern restaurant, it was an enjoyable experience.Once the belly dancers finished dancing around the dinner tables, the DJ started playing a mixture of what appeared to be Middle Eastern pop, as well as Euro pop songs. Euro songs included tracks such as "You're My Heart, You're My Soul" by Modern Talking and "You Promised Me" by French group In-Grid.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2008,9/10/2009,260,217,16,21,17>I don't even know where to begin.  I'd like to end on a positive note, so i will START with the service, and end with the food.Service -- it doesn't get any worse than this.  I've been here twice, and both times they were some SERIOUS staff issues -- either understaffed, or no competent ones.  The first time (a Monday, but several tables of people nonetheless), and there was one server.  He was nice, and all alone, so I don't really blame him, but we had to ask for all the little things like chopsticks, napkins, and soy sauce dishes.  And the rolls took about 45 minutes.There was only one sushi chef...and who knows, maybe our waiter was also actually the sushi chef, DJ, manager, and bus boy for the night -- i didn't get a good enough look at him, and it would explain a lot....So last night....I went with my bf, and we were both at first pleasantly surprised -- this waitress seemed pretty on it, at least for the first 3 minutes.  Then it all fell apart.  We ordered edimame, and she disappeared.  10 minutes later, she came back to get our actual order, but then disappeared again.  She kept going off with a girl friend who was sitting at the bar, apparently they were having MAJOR friend drama (she admitted this later).  After about 35 minutes, my bf tracked down the other waitress (thank god there were 2 this time) and said, "So -- what do we have to do to get our edimame?"  He explained that it has been  a LONG time, she said she was SO SORRY, and gave us 2 beers on the house -- very sweet of her.  But still no edimame, until our original waitress came back from outside, about 10 more minutes later, and gave it to the table next to us.They knew it was ours, and were kind enough to hand it over.  That table too, I noticed, was without food for a LONG TIME.During this time, our waitress got attitude (thanks to her friend putting her in a bad mood), then disappeared again.  The other waitress came over, gave us 2 more beers, and told us she would charge us happy hour prices for all the beers since our service was so terrible.   Something noteworthy is that this waitress (the nice waitress) also appeared drunk -- I don't want to be accusatory, but there is NO WAY IN HELL she was sober.  There was some swaying, gushy talk, and very pink cheeksAfter an hour or more, our first two rolls came out.  I really love the menu here -- they have some really creative, GOOD rolls, and the most expensive one is about $12.  I have had:Cabo Roll (yellowtail, a pepper, cilantro, lime) -- VERY goodYellowtail Roll -- greatI cant remember the names of the other 2, but one had seared ahi on the top, and was filled with spicy tuna and shrimp; one had red snapper on top, and had spicy tuna and cucumber on the inside.Everything has been delicious, fresh, and FULL of flavor.  Is that because I was drunk and starving by the time I was fed?  I don't think so, but you never know.  Ambiance -- nice lighting, great feel to the place...but it always seems like there is something sinister going on behind the scenes.  There probably is.  You might want to stash a snack in your pocket before you come here, unless you are OK waiting over an hour to eat.  It's the type of place to come if you want to make a night out of dinner -- we came at around 8 last night, and due to all of the drama, delays, under staffing -- got out at 10:30pm.  But -- we got drunk for nearly nothing, so I guess that made up for it.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2009,9/9/2009,735,735,19,20,19>Niban is a tucked away sushi joint that is off the beaten path of the Convoy strip, but offers okay sushi that is priced very competitively against other places in Kearny Mesa.  Their name translates to "number two", and they are definitely not the best sushi in San Diego, but you can't really argue with their prices.  Ironically, our hero prefers Niban to Ichiban in PB (which translates to "number one").  Their bento boxes and noodles offer good value and the sushi is presentable and very edible.  Niban is by no means a hip and classy sushi joint, and it excels at the value oriented end of the sushi market in San Diego.Their monthly specials are good for some ridiculously good deals.  For instance, one of their July 2009 specials is a 60 oz. pitcher of Kirin beer for $6!  On his most recent visit, our hero and his dining companion got off the hook with two 10 piece special rolls, a bowl of stamina noodles, and a pitcher of beer for less than $30 before tips!One of the odd things about Niban is that customers order before they are seated, and it's always tricky to decide on tipping before or after your meals.But honestly... SIX DOLLARS for a pitcher of Japanese beer?  No longer does our hero have to sneak six packs into the food court at Mitsuwa!PROS:- Cheap decent sushi.- Good stamina noodles with more ingredients than I can remember in it.CONS:- Service is slow.- Always has lines out the door during dinner time.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,9/7/2009,195,63,23,21,22>It's racing season y'all! Come out to the Del Mar race track and get ready for a great time! Even if your not much of a gambler doesn't mean you can't have a fun filled afternoon at the track. There's plenty of things to do and see here. If it's your first time at the track, you might be confoooosed on who to bet on or even how to bet. There are numerous ways to win money, but some ways are more complex than others. Usually, I'll just go with a straight up win bet on a few horses hoping for the best! I don't do all that "fancy shamancie trisexta bets", but if that thing hits! WOO for you!! If you're not really into gambling, grab some lunch and a cold one. A lot of food to feed your hunger with here. If you're not that hungry, then there's always BEER! Its always fun yellin' and cheerin' for the horsies when you're buzzed! Especially when they come down the final stretch and you start to get excited "RUN BITCH RUN". And if you aren't into gambling, already ate lunch, and don't like the alkie.. you can always chill out under the sun and people watch... Check out the kiddies run around actin' a fool, or the dude that had 5 too many drinks high fiving everyone in sight, or my personal favorite the "woooo girls" who put their cups in the air and lean back and yell out "woooo!" for no reason. With that said, "do doo dooo dooo dooo do do dooo doooooooooo" (that my weak attempt of doing the horn sound thingy =D)
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2009,9/6/2009,374,341,14,17,20>I used to be a Monday night regular before Lady Dottie and the Diamonds jumped ship for U-31.This bar was always hopping and the crowd was a bridge mix of nuts and chews-rockabilly, be-bop, rockers and mods.It's grown quiet these days, despite a reasonably priced strong-pour cocktail and excellent off-the-grid DJs like Old Man Johnson on Friday nights. He plays a great selection of 60's soul that has the few regulars dancing on their stools. The owner is a star and the bar hasn't lost one bit of it's unconventional appeal, it just seems to have lost it's patrons.It's one of the only bars in San Diego that you can catch random softcore porn (Russ Meyer and his bobbing boobs of thunder) or kitschy 80's dance classics . (Breakin'!!!!!)Come on back kids, don't let the Tower die.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2009,9/5/2009,433,349,13,13,11>We wandered in before the Padre game last night. I asked if kids were allowed as there were a few people at the bar. The nice bartender/waitress said, "sure, the drunks aren't here yet."  So .. we had beer and snacks before the game. It wasn't happy hour for sure. Pitchers of Stone were $18. We had two before we realized that ... haha But they were damn good. You HAVE to order the Big Ass Nachos. They easily fed two but three would have been good as well. The nacho plate was huge filled with chips, sourcream, beans, avocado, salsa ... damn damn good. We will be back but ... need to try happy hour. The highlight of the evening was when I went down the street to talk to some guy selling knock off purses, was a homeless guy wandered up to my husband who was drinking on the small patio, and asked him for some change then asked him if he could have a sip of his beer. hahaha
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,9/4/2009,422,258,16,26,18>Funny sounding name, great food.If you happen to be in the Lakeside area, or even anywhere in East County, and you're looking for very good Mexican food, this is certainly one place to keep at the top of your list. They have an large variety of choices, and all of them are excellent.  I've had a couple of their burritos, their tacos are delicious, but the best thing on the menu (so far) is the cheese enchilada.I have no idea what they put in that thing, but it's gotta be a combination of addictive drugs and elfin magic.One thing to watch out for: It's a small restaurant, and it's very popular.  So either go during an off-peak time, or expect to wait.  But at least while you're waiting, you can check out the full bar.  I've never tried it, but I'd bet that it might take that cheese enchilada to a transcendental experience.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,11/16/2010,422,124,13,13,12>Went here with a girl friend a few months ago for happy hour and for a pricey restaurant, its surprisingly easy on the wallet.  We both had a glass of white wine to go with our fresh oysters, clam chowder and fish and chips.  The oysters tasted so fresh and clean, the chowder had a bit of a surprise kicker to it (I'm a baby when it comes to spicy foods) and the wine was enough to make us feel really relaxed.  Would love to stop by again for a regular dinner but for now, happy hour is good enough for me.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,11/15/2010,306,288,9,12,13>Noooooooooooooooooo not the jewel box! Please will someone save the dive bars!?I like-loved this place the first time I stepped foot into it. Me and my pals have a long tradition of scoping out dive bars, it's actually not that divey to be honest, it's like a clean Pokez to be honest, not vegetarian nor is it a restaurant but it's got that paint style inside where it's reds and blacks and bold simple choices.They have cool mexi-food and cheap drinks, will anyone join me in our quest to save the dive bars?We need a t-SHIRT!YELP NEEDS A SAVE THE DIVE BARS, we have to start a Revolution one dive bar at a time!!!
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,11/14/2010,806,340,24,18,17>These are the best donuts in San Diego. These are the best cinnamon rolls I have ever had.The only reasons they are not routinely mentioned in the donut circles. (YES, us fatties have donut circles!)One- You can't count on them being open. I am actually surprised when they are. It is a family run business that will open when they get a hair up their ass. Two- It is in Imperial Beach. Who the hell goes to Imperial Beach?
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,11/13/2010,314,412,14,19,18>So what if it's a chain? I like Carlos Santana's music and I am not averse to "high-end" mexican fusion food. Win/win situation if you come here. If you've been to Javier's(no, not this Javi[yelp.com/user_details?us…) the one in Orange County, very similar atmosphereGirl dates are the best for catching up and just hanging out. =) Note: Happy hour is only in the bar area? and until 6pm from what we were told, no biggy, the house margarita and white/red sangria are $7, worth it? YES.Vanessa ordered the Margarita Sangria and I ordered the White Sangria, GOOD STUFF, I drank slow and steady because it definitely had some alcohol content.They have an extensive menu, and it's not the cheapest. It took us a while to figure out what to get, not only because we couldn't decide but also we would get side tracked and just start talking. But our waitress would have given us all the time in the world if she could. Sharing is caring and that's what we did.Vanessa ordered the Crab & Shrimp Enchilada and I ordered the Braised Short Ribs, covered in a blackberry mole w/ flour tortillas. WOW.The complimentary chips and salsa were good too, mild, hot, and spicy. The mild is their house salsa which has chucks of tomato, and left our taste buds dancing. They will provide you with more chips and salsa, if you need more. The Enchiladas were good, crab...Mmmmm. And a kick of spiciness that sneaks up on you. The short ribs were delicious, definitely large enough to share. Topped with Blackberry Mole and pumpkin seeds, *drool* also with a kick of spiciness.Live music out on the patio, on certain nights.Ambiance = A+Parking might suck, but I found rockstar parking =)$4 for Valet...then again walking never hurt anyone and it's good for you!Girl Dates, First Dates, Second, Third, Forth Dates, Dinner with the parents, friends, special occasions, etc. Maria Maria is one of those places.Location is kind of awkward, but I think it's for the better, if it were in Downtown, it would lose it's appeal and would probably be way too loud inside.Happy Hour? :)
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,11/12/2010,179,78,15,13,13>This one goes out to the female readership...Ladies, is there anything better than pancakes to cap off a hard night of drinking and dancing?  I mean, let the dudes have their carne asada and pizza; batter and syrup is where it's at!  Am I right or am I right?  Truth be told, I'm not a big pancake person (I can remember vividly all of the amazing pancakes I've had in my life and they can barely be counted off on one hand).  That said, the little stack of heaven served up at Brian's 24 had my toes curled for the rest of the night.  I don't know if the secret ingredient was love or crack, but I do know that I could not stop eating them.  And, I can't be sure, but I'm pretty sure I saw some other O-faces around the table.Non-pancakers take note: Of the dozen or so plates ordered at our table, there were a couple duds.  The roast beef sandwich and fried chicken were a little dry and the quesadilla left something to be desired.  On the flip, banana-stuffed French toast got a thumbs up as did steak n' eggs and the colossal breakfast burrito was muy delicioso.So there it is, my double X-chromosome lovelies - your hot ticket to a satisfying end to a rough night.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2010,11/11/2010,761,1572,10,11,11>Two words.  Green Sauce.  OMG, I really don't even need to continue the review because that alone deserves five stars...but I can't neglect the delicious food, can I?Empanadas - honestly, I could be satisfied just having a couple cheese empanadas with their wonderful dipping sauces (GREEN SAUCE!  and this smokey chilpotle).  They are that good.I really enjoyed the Paella Especial, Arroz con Pollo, and Pabellón Criollo .  Flavorful, satisfying, comfort food.  I saw on their website the Lasagna is a chef specialty - I want to try that next time.No, but seriously, the creamy cilantro green salsa brings everything together for me.  So much so, I bought a tub of it.  The owner/chef Jacqueline was super friendly and recommended I try it with fish...I can't wait!  AND her husband Carlos Hernandez is a former Padres catcher.  Dude.  Awesome.GREEN SAUCE!
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,11/10/2010,569,319,22,22,22>Donut or doughnut?? Eerrrr...English is sooo friggin' confusing. Anyway... before I picked up a bunch of donut holes for today's class, I stopped in yesterday to check out the prices and taste. Got one glazed donut w/chocolate. It was .90 cents. Not bad considering it was pretty big. Only gripe is that I wish it had more chocolate on it. This morning, I stopped by around 7am and got two dozen donut holes. It was only $2.50!! I just ate one on my way to school... and it was pretty darn yummy! The donut tasted fresh and kind of just melted in my mouth. Classmates even complimented on how good they were. So, highly recommend the holes!!By the way, a Chinese man works here and he's the sweetest thing ever!! I asked if the long donuts had creme inside and he said he could fill it real quickly and wouldn't take long at all. He also asked if I wanted two separate bags for the two dozen holes. Very accomodating and just all around awesome! I'll have to see if I can send him some more business.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,11/9/2010,352,132,14,11,12>I found my new favorite bar of all time. Toronado is incredible. Usually when you walk into a beer bar with such an outstanding collection of both bottled and draft beer you run into a lot of "beer snobs". Not the case here. Both bartenders we met were as nice as could be, very patient, and very attentive to both my girlfriend and I. They were more than happy to help her pick a beer without passing judgement for her not being as knowledgeable in brewology as they are. A guy next to me even ordered a Bud Light! For those of you that don't know, ordering a Bud Light in a beer bar would be the equivalent of Nate Keading walking the streets of San Diego an hour after what will one day be known as the "Game of Three Kicks". An UnHoly lynching nearly almost always comes shortly after someone requests that carbonated belch water some people call "beer" at such a fine establishment. Nope. No one heckled him. In fact, the bartender gave him free tasters until he found something he liked. What a beautiful soul that bartender must have.It's really nice inside too, not too crowded, but enough people to show that it has a regular following. Relaxed with good music that's not too loud to socialize with whoever you came with.Toronado: where one day everyone will know my name.....and maybe i'll know theirs too if I quit the beer. Hmmmm.....who needs names?
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,11/8/2010,212,83,14,13,13>My second visit here and was disappointed the line to get in was probably double from my last visit. The disappointment was mainly because I got a good whiff of smokey deliciousness just as I opened the car door. Oh well,  price you pay for a popular place with good food. The line moved along at a steady pace and the wait was perfect for conversation with the group I met with and catch up on the goings-on of the day. Had a chance to learn a few things during the conversation too. I discovered that 200 bucks for True Religion jeans is a great bargain. I've not ever seen these jeans first hand so I'm assuming they are sewn with real gold thread or use platinum buttons. I've spent 200 bucks for jeans... total for the 10+ pair I own, that is. Also discovered Phil's webcam. As my FB friends can attest, my web presence is lacking, so more photos or video is great!We ordered several items so our group could share and sample. Everything was great. Crispy rings, tasty chicken, but the beef ribs... wow. Tough to share a rib so I had one all to myself. And, I'm a cave man and ate with my hands. No one had any interest in sharing once I got my mitts on it. I felt guilty for .001 seconds...Too bad... more for me!!! Juicy and flavorful. That's a must-have for my future visits.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,11/7/2010,316,108,26,31,30>"Wow... that actually just happened."Those were the words that escaped from my internal monologue after taking my very first bite of my very first breakfast on my very first visit to Cafe 21."No.. no, it wasn't a fluke..."That was the second string of words in my soliloquy to quell any skepticism from my first statement after taking my second bite.Did flavors actually eXpLoDe in my mouth?  Did pesto, shrimp and corn make beautiful love to a perfectly poached egg upon my tongue?  Did edible flowers and artistic balsamic vinegar really dazzle my eyes in that poignant manner?Yes... yes they did.This place is understated magnificence.  It is charming, tasteful kitsch with a bohemian feel in manner of decor, and attentive, warm homey feel in manner of service.I plan to have a delightful romance with Cafe 21 for many moons to come.  I will court it with serenades, sultry looks and poetry.p.s.  I ordered the Shrimp Corn Benedict.  Yes.. and "it" actually happened.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,1/23/2014,211,81,9,11,10>I love everything about this place. From the $5 meals (orange juice included), to the Chinese music that plays ever so softly in the background, and the one man show that is Lucky himself, but mostly I love this place for the crowd. Never have I come in and enjoyed my breakfast without hearing patrons discussing everything from sports to politics... to sports politics. And it's never just with the people they came with. No, you come in to Lucky's, and leave with new friends (and a new outlook on life). The best part is the mix of clientele. Yes I'm talking about you, guy with the Lakers hat on and the t-shirt that's 3 sizes too big, I love listening to you talk to the 60 year old man next to you about the political changes in San Diego now that Filner is out of office. And you, lady who just moved into the neighborhood, chatting away and getting suggestions from the older couple who have lived around the corner from Lucky's and come almost every morning, a ritual they started when they got married and moved to North Park. I even love you, guy who decided this morning to yell across the diner that you thought I was beautiful, when I look past the embarrassment and slight flattery, I love you too because after that the whole diner started talking to each other about the youth these days. Older generations talking about "when they were young like us" and "how come there aren't more pretty girls in this diner, Lucky, hire yourself a pretty waitress!" But we all know that's not going to happen unless Lucky grabs a nice little something from the shop next door and wears it himself. I'll come here with a friend, I'll come here on my own. All I know is that I'm glad I work a block away and that I usually have about 30 minutes between classes and work. Lucky, that 30 minutes not belongs to you and your wonderful patrons.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,1/22/2014,114,125,10,12,9>Love this place. I used to live down the street & I would stroll here every weekend for my caffeine fix ! Their standard coffee is great (much better than Turquoise Coffee 1 block over, srrytosay), & so are all their other drinks. Their spice chai latte is HEAVENLY, & they are always accommodating when I ask for half the sugar. The girls are always so sweet and friendly & I can't help but feel at home here. They have great acai bowls but now they've adopted the 'new' super fruit --- pitaya ! (Aka, a new fancy way of saying 'dragon fruit' ) which is *gasp* even tastier. It's blended to the perfect consistency, not too sweet, & topped with granola, strawberries & blueberries... Basically, if you give me a reason to eat pseudo ice cream for breakfast, I will gladly do it. Everything else they make here is equally delicious (hummus+avocado sammich with a side salad is my usual pick), & I've been very lucky to be able to call this my neighborhood joint. If you're on the way to Law Street beach/Palisades Park, bring your dog & stop by here for some local buzz..
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,1/21/2014,353,513,10,10,6>Who the hell knew there was Asian soul food joints around? I was shock in the best way possible. They know how to get down with frying food. Mixed chicken up there with the best of them. Perfect crispiness(even with 15 minutes in the car) with the most perfect succulent meat inside. Mixed is the way to go. Trust me.So they didn't have it on their menu, but I asked. They agreed to sell me catfish by the piece, because I had to check it out to make sure they're legit. Yes, they are. Pretty amazing catfish as well. Nice fine cornmeal crispiness with big chunks of juicy catfish that broke just right. I like the southern hot sauce as well.I'll be back to try their gizzards. I'd of given them 5 stars but I really want some collards and black eye peas or something. Corn and mashed potatoes can't be your only vegetable items! Beer would put them at a solid 5. Check it out. 2nd best chicken place in SD.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/20/2014,227,758,14,24,18>Woah, I don't think I've written a San Diego review since early 2013.  Good to be back, Yelp SD!Fisherman's Landing has been periodically running some pretty good Groupons for 50% off half-day fishing trips, and my guy and I have scooped up a few of those deals.  The Groupon is $32 per person, and if you don't have a fishing license plan to drop an extra $14 the day of your excursion to register for a 1-day license.First, show up at least half an hour early for your fishing trip.  You want to leave plenty of time to park, check in at the Fisherman's Landing building, pick up your rod rental (if applicable; included in the price of the Groupon) at the building, pay for your license (if applicable) at the building, and then get to the boat to check in and claim a decent spot on the deck.  They will leave you behind, so don't be late.Second, understand that the overall enjoyment of your trip will likely depend on (A) the crew working that day and (B) the fish you catch or neglect to catch.  That's my 2 cents, anyway.  I suppose sea sickness and weather should also be factored in, so bring your meds if you get queasy and don't forget layers and sunscreen.For our second outing, on the morning of August 26th, my guy and I enjoyed the services of a very friendly and helpful crew, and I reeled to the surface a 6-foot dog shark or sand shark that drew gasps and oooohs and ahhhhs from my boatmates.  Needless to say I loved that fishing trip.  During that excursion Captain took the boat out into the ocean past Point Loma (water depths of ~200 feet) where lots of rockfish and other sizable fishies were brought onboard and heavier weights used.  Awesome, right?  Well, during our first fishing trip, on the morning of May 5th, we fished at the bait barge for a while and then near the Coronado Bridge (depths of less than 100 feet)--OK, but a lot less exciting.  Halibut was fish du jour then.Third, speak up if you have any questions or need help.  All crew members seemed so happy to assist, but some weren't as forthcoming in offering their services as others.  Is your line tangled?  Did you lose your hook?  How do you get your rod to stop making that annoying clicking sound?  What's the best way to bait that big mackerel?  Should you use live bait or cut bait?  Just ask someone.Good luck!
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,1/19/2014,503,200,11,13,10>Karaoke is the best thing since sliced bread. Scratch that...I am ambivalent about sliced bread. What was the best thing before sliced bread? Cell phones? Wifi? Oh well, suffice to say that Karaoke is the best invention ever! Be quiet, Thomas Edison. We know you were Tesla's inferior!  Anyway, I digress. Karaoke has blessed mankind since we were hunters and gatherers. Families and sometimes whole villages would gather around the bright campfires and sing songs weaving tales of adventure mixed in with reed flutes and the percussion of animal skin drums. Fast forward to the present day, we still gather around bright televisions and sing songs of love and pain, triumph and defeat. May we continue the tradition!Yeah, Karaoke 101 is where I love to sing. The place if fairly clean. There are no dirty song books you have to flick through. It's all at the click of a mouse. Oh and you know the feedback you get when you point the microphone at the speakers? There are some old karaoke spots that still have that. Karaoke 101 is past that.  Point the mike at the speakers all day if you like. They automatically dampen that. Plus you want to go on Thursdays for the "Happy Hour" flat rate of 14 bucks. You get unlimited hours of music as long as your vocal chords can handle it. Check it out! karaoke101.net/rate.htm
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,1/18/2014,507,528,7,8,7>We stopped in for a glass of wine after a delicious dinner at Wang's.  I've been meaning to try this place for so long and now I must say I am bummed that it took me so long!You load a card just like at Dave & Busters, only hear you don't get screwed into playing overpriced video games... and being rewarded with paper tickets.  Here there is only one game: press the button.  Then you are rewarded with delicious, delicious wine! :-)Each dispenser has a digital display that tells you the price per ounce.  They have them starting at $.99oz all the way to $5ish.  They have tons of variety and the staff is very friendly.  Extra points for having I Love Lucy up on the big screen in the background!In addition to all of the wines by the ounce, you can just buy a glass of wine if you'd like which I found nice and convenient.  I really loved it here and think I might come back on my birthday!
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,1/17/2014,302,484,4,13,8>I was so happy to see that a tea shop moved into the old Coffee Bean booth in the Mission Valley food court.  I often enjoy a coffee or tea when shopping and ever since the Coffee Bean closed, Mission Valley mall lacked that.  Actually, this natural tea shop is a both out-of-place and welcome addition to the otherwise tacky food court. It kind of makes one corner of the food court into a Zen getaway.  I enjoy the variety of different teas they serve, and wasn't sure what to order.  Finally, I settled on an ice-blended rooibos with skim milk.  When they asked what I wanted it sweetened with, I was about to say "Splenda", when they offered me several natural options, so I chose vanilla powder.Service is slightly slow, as they take time to make these drinks, and it seemed to be a popular spot that evening.  I hope that with some growth, they are able to have a bit more staff working during busy times.  Anyway, next time I'm shopping at Mission Valley mall, I will stop by to sample another type of tea!
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,1/16/2014,285,281,8,10,9>On our way to Luna Grill a couple of Saturdays ago we had left home well after one, and were both pretty hungry.  Chun P. hadn't had breakfast and I just had a slice of toast that morning.  On the way, unfortunately there was a really bad accident right near the exit to PB on south I-5 and we were trapped between two exits for nearly 90 minutes as traffic inched along so that everyone could condense into one lane. You'd think with an accident that bad folks would be praying for the people involved and have a little patience, but some of our fellow drivers just got kinda psycho changing lanes, trying to drive on the shoulder, honking horns and wagging middle fingers.  Our nerves were frazzled and we felt a little frayed. When we finally broke free and I said, "Honey, just take the next exit at Mission Bay and let's hit up MXN."Chun P. replied, "I know it's gonna take a bit longer to finally get down to Liberty Station, but I promise you, it'll be worth it.""I hope it's worth it," I replied with a steely-eyed expression.  (I'm a pitta and don't deal with hunger that well, but did my best to keep it together)...We easily found parking right out front and walked in the clean red and white restaurant.  I was bedazzled by the flat-screen tvs with mouth-watering photos of menu items and for a moment was stupefied over what to order.  Settled with a gyros salad and a glass of lemon-water.  Hubby got a giant combo plate with extra pita and a side of falafel.  When the food arrived I was amazed with the heavy portions - and the two of us ate it all.  Fresh, tender green leaf lettuce with piles of glistening gyros, fresh tomatoes, tzatziki sauce,  crispy falafel artistically drizzled with tahini.  People in the restaurant must have looked at us like we were crazy ooh-ing and aaah-ing over the food not saying a word but "MMMMhmmmm" and smacking our fingers in our lips rather than using a napkin.  We looked like Harold and Kumar but with Mediterranean food instead of White Castle!
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,1/15/2014,900,214,6,14,7>The only thing I wanted the second I sat down and saw the "specials" menu was the green tea cheesecake. I wanted it for my entrée and dessert, but I put on my big boy pants and decided that the sushi probably wasn't going to be half bad here either. I'm not a huge tuna guy, in fact, I never get tuna. And if for some reason I am coerced into getting tuna, it typically has to be slathered in some sort of sauce. However, tonight was different. I tried the Surfside Roll, which was surprisingly simple, fresh and tasty, I also ordered the crunch roll and shrimp templa, but the crunch roll was the clear winner of the night. I'm not here to come off as some huge fancy sushi connoisseur who knows the extensive history behind the art of the roll. But what I can appreciate is effort and dedication to one's craft and that came across very clear at this restaurant. The sushi appeared very well prepared and I enjoyed every bite, The pride of the pack aka the green tea cheesecake was an extremely pleasant and refreshingly way to end the evening,Make reservations or be prepared to be turned away or wait. The prices seem to be fair value for what this restaurant offers. I do wish their service was a little bit more attentive tonight, especially with such few seats you would think that it would be easier to keep a track of the needs their customers; but overall I was happy with the experience and will be back.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,1/14/2014,176,91,27,19,22>A Poem to Phil:Phil's BBQ sauce, sweet and tangy in flavor, It will shock your taste buds, like an electric taser. Arriving with a large group? Don't be late, There will be a long line... you'll just have to wait. Baby back ribs or a beefy rib dinner,Order both meals and you're definitely a winner.Baked beans, Coleslaw, and even Onion Rings,A plethora of side dishes that will make anyone sing. Service with a smile, everyone is nice,Good quality food at just the right price.San Diego's most famous BBQ, my friends proposed...Just don't come on a Monday, Phil's BBQ is closed.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,10/19/2014,854,525,19,18,16>Must keep walking before the food coma gets me.Oh...em...gosh. They raised their prices. After a bazillion days (not the actual number) of not raising prices, the chalkboard now says 1. I'm not sure if it's really been that long since the original 2010 review I posted was picked for a ROTD. Has that affected the line out the door? Nope, and it's still a great brekky value in town. Even though the line of steady fans stretches across the Crystal Pier entrance, I'm not deterred because it moves forward at a steady pace and I lucked out with finding rockstar parking. It's a 2-hour space, but I don't think the meter maid is making the rounds yet. I checked the tires. No chalk...not on the clock.Cousin was visiting from Ohio and breakfast is one of her faves. This is my go-to spot to bring guests, especially landlocked snowbirds. After dodging the stream of joggers and cyclists to cross the pathway, Wifey went behind the gift shop and grabbed an open table so Cousin could take more beachy pictures. On a beautiful day after those morning clouds clears out, the ocean views are simply spectacular!The plates are ginormous and this beach value cannot be beat. Big Breakfast: heaping plate of cheesy scrambled eggs, Kono's potatoes, buttery English muffin, crisp bacon, and choice of either fluffy pancakes or French toast. We ordered a couple of plates to share, but couldn't finish, despite my best efforts at batting cleanup. I gathered leftovers and offered the hefty box to a homeless person so we could continue our stroll along the waterfront.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/18/2014,372,411,20,20,21>I'm loco for a Chiloco with tender rib-eye beef, a green chili, and yummy fresh toppings on house-made corn tortillas! I chose the rib-eye Chiloco for $5.99, and this wet beauty filled my plate with 2 freshly made corn tortillas, topped with juicy rib-eye steak, guacamole, grilled onion, homemade beans, fresh salsa, and melty cheese. Scrumptious! One Chiloco has so much filling that it comes with 2 corn tortillas. The green chili that they use isn't spicy. I failed to notice that they have green tomatillo salsa and a red chili salsa at the counter. My food was scrumptious! But next time I'll try adding the green & red chili salsas as well. My food did come with salsa fresca. My first challenge was how to eat this wonderful messy homemade Mexican Chiloco? Do I pick it up and let the juice run all over in a delicious mess? Or do I eat dainty-like with a knife and fork? I chose to pick it up, and with the aid of a fork to coax the stray toppings back into the tortillas, I enjoyed a multi-sensory experience!Move over, all ye tacos and burritos! Make way for the Chiloco! I found my Chilico at a new family-run place called Chiloco, on Turquoise, in the part of PB which likes to call itself La Jolla.I also tried a taco at this place, but I preferred the chiloco. (-; Chiloco is hard to spot as you drive by. It's a small place with orange tables outside, across from Albertsons. It's a new taco shop with a creative menu and homemade food.During my visit Chiloco was truly family run, as the whole family was present! I came in the slow afternoon, and had a nice chat with the owner, who said he owns 5 Chilocos in Mexico, and will be in town for months to make sure this new location is set up well. Welcome to PB/La Jolla, Chiloco! I'll eat you again soon! (-;  Highly recommended based upon my 1 visit, and I'm betting they will end up earning 5 stars after I visit a few more times.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,10/17/2014,74,21,5,25,27>This has been the most visited place in SD. It is as great as was expected. I am very sure that they will never disappoint me in any sense.I was in search of such type of place in SD and then I found Chinese Canton Bakery. Their Buns are extra ordinary and I loved them. Their all products are great and awesome. The Breakfast is very Delicious. The staff is very co operative and Friendly. The services are excellent. I would highly recommend this for all people.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,10/16/2014,201,526,12,32,15>Relaxation haven!  This is a hole in the wall place tucked away in a tiny strip mall on Convoy.  It's a small venue for a Korean day spa, but they have everything you need to relax, feel cleansed and refreshed, and at affordable prices.  A day pass to use all amenities is $20, or you can buy a 10-pack for $150.  There are also annual membership passes if you go totally nuts for the place.  I came here with a friend this weekend for some relaxation time and a scrub + massage.  I left feeling baby soft, super happy, and very relaxed!  For folks who haven't ever been to a traditional Korean spa, you should probably know that this a a very naked place.  You pay up front at the register for either your day use at the spa or whatever treatment you'd like to receive.  They will schedule you for a time for your massage/scrub if that's what you choose.  Then you are given a key on a plastic ring for your locker.  You'll go inside and find a plastic basket with a large towel, small towel, and robe inside.  Take the basket out, and get ready to bathe.  There are two areas on the women's side-- the wet side and the dry side.  The wet side has the hot spa, a steam room, dry sauna, cold pool, massage tables, and shower areas.  You'll shower first, and then have your choice of going to whichever part you like.  On the dry side is a relaxation area, sinks and bathroom area, the lockers, and the dry, clay sauna.  This room smells so good and earthy!  When leaving the wet area, generally, you dry yourself off and put your robe back on.  You can choose whether or not to be robed or not in the clay room, but definitely make sure you're mostly dry before going in and have your robe and/or towel to lay down on-- the floor gets really hot!  There are mini-bean bag type pillows inside for headrests-- I sometimes like to wet my small towel with cold water to put on my face while I'm in there.There is filtered cold water and hot tea available to drink inside, compliments of the house.  They have blow dryers, shampoo, conditioner, body soap, lotion, cotton swabs and tooth brushes available as part of your entry fee as well.  In the main lobby there's a vending machine with fun Korean drinks as well as some other refreshing beverages to cool down after your time in the spa.  Sometimes they will cut up some fresh fruit and leave it for visitors in the lounge area where the TV is-- they keep the TV on MBC, so you can often watch current Korean dramas or comedy shows while relaxing and cooling off or taking a break.The scrub/massage is wonderful.  Not for folks with overly sensitive skin/bodies-- they will literally scrub off any dead skin cells you have from neck to toe.  You will never feel quite so clean as you do after one of these scrub massages.  The first part is a full body scrub down with rough hand cloths.  After going over your body several times, you'll get rinsed off and then the massage begins.  After the massage, you get a hot towel wrapped on your face while the masseuse shreds a fresh, cold cucumber mask to place on your face.  Then you get a hot oil rub down, a mini-face massage, and you're all set!  For the ladies, don't be alarmed-- most of the women doing the massages are dressed in either black bikinis or lingerie.  It's not meant to be creepy-- it's just how they do things there.  For the men's side, I was told it's just guys in what would equate to gym shorts.  If you get the massage or any of the treatments, entry to the spa is included, and you can go in early and soak in the hot tub beforehand to help relax your muscles and loosen up your skin a bit.  Afterwards, it feels really nice to either go in the steam room or in the clay sauna.Although I have been to a nicer spa like this up in LA, this is the only one I know of in San Diego, and it does the job well!  If you're at all curious to try the experience, do!  Don't feel squeamish about the nudity part-- people who come here are so used to it, it's not even something they think about.  Enjoy yourself, and try a new form of relaxation.  Treat yo'self!  :)
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,10/15/2014,214,348,5,11,7>How about an update?! Why not! Ponce's is still one of my favorite sit down Mexican eateries. The food is always good and the staff are always friendly. I came here the other night with a friend and it's been over a year since I've been here.. man oh man, I don't understand why I waited so long to come back here. I usually don't order appetizers because that's just way too much food for me.. but my friend and I shared the Nachos appetizer with carnitas.. and holy cow, why didn't I order this before?! It was so f--ken good! I thought it was going to be just your basic nachos with basic cheese, but it's not. The cheese was sharp and the carnitas was just amazing. Now that I've had a taste of that.. I think I would just come here for the Nachos haha... mmm!!
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,10/14/2014,213,679,9,10,7>Now this is a great hamburger.I snuck away from work a couple of Fridays ago to take care of some bidness and had a late lunch at Eureka!The restaurant is beautiful in an industrial chic sort of way.  The waitress was very good.  And the hamburger -- Fresno Fig Burger hold the bacon -- was excellent.  Honest-to-God medium rare.  Great. Tasty. Juicy.  A carnivore's delight. Eureka! needs to work on the fries.  The Golden Sweet Potato Fries are too sweet, tasted like dessert.  After I mentioned it to the waitress, she said you can order them without the honey.  (But shhh.  She said she wasn't supposed tell me that.)   And the Signature Handcut Kennebec Potato Fries were not crisp enough.  A note for Mr. Eureka! (You must have gotten exclamation marks on clearance at the punctuation store.  And the Overuse of capital Letters no doubt from Germany came.)  You've  got Osso Bucco rib lets on the menu as a Starter! I asked. They're pork ribs,Man, you need to go to the penalty box: Osso Buco is veal shank.  Check it out:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ossobuco. Veal, not pork. Shank, not ribs.   All that said, if you're looking for a excellent hamburger -- and weird punctuation -- at UTC, this is it.!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,10/13/2014,147,26,10,14,12>Where to start! I have toured MANY Preschools before I settled on this one. I would say just under a dozen. I also put my name on a list about 6 months ago at a different school, they called recently, they are cheaper... but we're not leaving. This school is really THE best experience for children and parents. My son (4.5) loves it here. First the Teachers. The teachers are passionate about what they do. They are always sitting on the ground playing with the kids (and when I say kids I mean the oldest room). 4 & 5 year olds that don't NEED someone sitting down to play with them, but LOVE when they do. They are always in a good mood. They are always personable. They absolutely love their jobs. Dana and Megan in my sons classroom are really the best. They are also very real and know how to have an adult conversation despite being trapped in a room with 4/5 year olds all day. It's refreshing. They also send out daily emails and pictures. Finally, they have an online (secure) webpage where they post pictures for you to have of your child doing different activities. The Staff. Kim, Susan, and Lexie are all so great. If you have a question they answer it. Every time you enter the site they greet you. They make sure to have an individual relationship with the kids in the center too; they aren't disconnected from the kids. They always reply to emails in a timely fashion. They answer billing questions and entertain small talk. They know a lot about the parents and the kids. Again, it's so important to have a relationship with the people your children are spending 10 hours a day with. The three officers they have on staff are very professional and take their job very seriously. If your concern is having your child in downtown across from the court house, really no need to worry. Locked door, accessed by a code and the officers are armed and ready!The other staff members are also great. Other teachers for other classrooms always say hi and are also sitting down engaging the kids. The chef is awesome! They don't feed the kids the normal mac n cheese and nuggets that other schools would do. They expose the kids to different foods and make sure they have well balanced diets. They pay special attention to allergies and parents requests and are VERY accommodating.  If the chef is out for some reason or if they have to  deviate from the menu (which is sent out once a week and is posted in the office), they notify the parents that day by email. Seriously!? I don't know who is THAT neurotic about their kids diet at school, but it's nice to know that they accommodate those parents as well. I mean, there is enough crap to worry about in life, then how come they got the pizza today instead of the tortilla soup! They will email you about everything. If your kid pees his pants. If he has a bloody nose. If he has a problem. They will email you within minutes of it happening. If it's serious, of course, they'll call you asap. On a more personal note, I am a very young single mom with full custody, they have never made me feel like I was less, or allowed my son to feel any different from the other kids. Preschool is the time when most kids start asking, "why don't I have two parents?" Though I think I am one of the only single parents, they have done a FANTASTIC job of fielding the questions my son has, always giving appropriate responses. They also have made it a priority to make sure that my son gets to make his "Father" things for his Opa (grandpa). Very accommodating. Finally, they do offer federal employees a discounted rate its really great and helps out a lot if you can take advantage. You won't find any place better. You really get what you pay for!
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,10/12/2014,353,255,11,16,14>Sprinkes & I have been bros for a long time. Way back to it's founding in Beverly Hills. I used to make trips on the regular - even in the wee hours of the morning, thanks to the snazzy ATM they installed. When I decided to move south to San Diego, I counted it as one of the things I would miss about LA, but alas, I didn't need to because of this little surprise!Since the rise of specialty cupcake bakeries, it has become clear that cupcake preferences are a very personal thing. Everyone has an opinion on the best cake and not everyone agrees on the same one. For me, it's Sprinkles. I've tried tons of different cupcakes from LA to NYC and I think Sprinkles has the most appeal. Moist cake, good flavor - and delicious, yet uncommon frosting.My absolute favorites are the Coconut & Red Velvet- Carrot Cake is also a star. They're pricey, yes - but thats the nature of the trendy, specialty item that they are. To each his own, and my own is Sprinkles ;)
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,10/11/2014,1142,2218,12,15,13>I was pleasantly surprised during our visit. Given the negative reviews, I was expecting crappy service. Our party of 12 sat out in the patio area during happy hour. Wow, happy hour is every night! They had a pretty decent selection of happy hour drink specials and food.I ordered a frozen strawberry marg and the fiancé ordered the mojitos and beer. We both enjoyed our drinks! We also ordered 3 tacos, taquitos and churros. Tacos were OK, but the taquitos (chicken) were better. I think I'd defer getting the tacos at a regular -berto taco shop to be honest. My highlight was the churros! They came out warm with lots of sugar! YUM! Also, they come with 3 sauces: Mexican chocolate, Mexican caramel, and swirl of the 2. My only complaint was that they're stingy in the sauces. You need to ask for more.  TOTAL SUGAR RUSH!!! AHHHHOur server was really good. She provided recommendations and she was really nice. She came back several times to check up on us and to take our orders. I didn't get her name, but excellent service.We were here on a Saturday night and the bar gets filled pretty quickly. I swear people come here to club or something. They are dressed to the T, and for what? Eating Mexican food??? Damn, I should have worn my mini-skirt and stilettos too! LOLThe bathrooms are by the bar so every time I walked to the bathroom from the patio, I felt like walking through the meat market. I swear every guy was checking me out! AWKWARD!!!
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,10/10/2014,439,126,10,14,13>Ironside is a new hip and hot spot in Little Italy!Don't bother looking for the name in the side of a building.. it isn't there. You just gotta know where it is! It's like a hidden gem, but right there in front of you!My friend and I came here on a Tuesday night and it was poppin! I had worked a long shift that day, and this place made it so much better! My friend told me he had made reservations.. a little later than I had told him because of course.. I was slightly late being ready. I questioned needing a reservation on a Tuesday, especially since it's taco Tuesday in San Diego! Boy, was I glad he did! It was busy and there was a wait.. even at 9:15 at night.We checked out the bar while they got our table ready and were promptly seated after. The water came right away in a cute glass bottle. Room temperature, but just what I needed. The server came and asked us if we wanted something to drink, but I wasn't sure what I wanted. He asked what I was thinking of, and I wanted something strong and not too sweet. He was spot on with what he picked for me. We had three different drinks:Ghostwriter, Brick City, and Jack Ketch.. all were strong and perfect!For appetizers we tried:-Octopus a la Plancha: Very soft and tasty, but I'm not a huge fan of octopus.-Oyster Rockefeller: Delicious! If you like your oysters raw only.. this isn't for you. But if you like them raw or cooked, definitely try this one. Good bite with a bang of flavor!Main Course:-King Oyster Mushrooms: I wasn't the biggest fan of this dish. I wish they had been cooked a little more and the flavor was just alright.-Braised Mussels: By far my favorite! I loved the sauce it was in and the mussels were cooked just right. I wish there had been just a little less sauce so it was easier to find the chorizo pieces, but still great!-Opah: My friend got this dish and liked it, but he found it to be a little bland. I agree.. and I found it to be a little dry too.-Pink Grouper: This was my main dish. It was a different cut and thicker. We both thought it tasted better than the opah, but still lacking something.The decor was beautiful and the service was amazing. The tables were a little tight in my opinion. I high recommend checking out this place, especially if you're in the mood for shellfish and deliciously strong drinks!
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,4/17/2011,854,525,9,12,10>If Five Guys Burgers and Fries is a casual sit-down restaurant version of customized burgers, then Boomerangs is the slightly more formal restaurant comparison.  Not so much suit-and-tie formal, but their extensive "gourmet" burger menu is pricier, offering an impressive roster of options, from angus beef, ostrich, lamb, and bison, to every possible topping combination to further the stacking distance between burger patty and top bun.This time I tried the Club Burger [yelp.com/biz_photos/98H2….  It's pretty darn good and sum of its components do equal one tasty burger [yelp.com/biz_photos/98H2….  There is also a plethora of side items on their menu that you can choose from to accompany the burger.  I went with the sweet potato fries and they were deliciously light and crispy.I'm a big fan of the Moose Drool brown ale [yelp.com/biz_photos/98H2….  I think it's $6.00 for a large glass and they also have a $10.00 pitcher during Happy Hour.  I also like the unique, cresent-shaped wooden bar upstairs for patrons to pull up a barstool and enjoy some pops with their meal and check out whatever is playing on the flat screen tv's.I'll probably be back sometime because they're within close driving distance.  Maybe I'll put my two cents on the curious restaurant layout and parking lot next time along with my next crafty burger selection.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,4/16/2011,1075,574,8,12,11>I went here because a Yelper (David G) played favorites in his review.Do I agree?  It's not like I can do suspense with Yelp's star rating right above--clearly I do.I had the Not Your Momma's Meatloaf (Ground Lamb, Bacon, Figs, Pine Nuts, Feta, Fig Jus, Sweet Potato Mash) and it was delicious.  The mash potatoes was a perfect balance.  The portions were just right.However, if I were to order next time, I'm going to get what my date had, the Duckaroni (Mac 'n Cheese with Duck Confit, Blue Cheese, Roasted Garlic, Arugula, Scallion).  That was some fine mac and cheese.  I LOVE DUCK.  It was duck heaven.  I thought maybe they'll cheap out and there will only be a tiny hint of duck.  It was very duck-y and I luvs it.OpenTable points.  Always a plus.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,4/15/2011,4165,809,64,33,29>As a straight guy who does ballet part time, loves yoga, watches Glee, doesn't like sports, and frequents the Rainbow District's venues, I am pretty much 49% Gay.  (My wife is worried its more like 49.99%.) A fellow female-loving female friend pointed out that this is a well known lesbian den...I had to see it to believe it... Damn! She was right on the money! If you're female looking for a female but don't know where to go, Gossip Grill is where its at.  AKA "Gossip Girl".  Upon arrival, we all got laid!!! Opps! I mean "Lei'd"...it was Hula night and they put a Lei on all of us. But who knows? If you play your cards right maybe you could also end up getting laid here.   Hostesses were super friendly as well as our waitress. The menu is short, simple, and cheap with most food items around $10, give or take a few bucks.  My $9 Hanger Steak Panini was delicious, though I wish they didn't charge $2.50 more for fries.  Drink specials every night...tonight was any Cruzan Rum wells drink for only $4...and they're generous on the rum! :)If you look carefully at my ass and thighs, you'll notice that its 25% Chinese, 25% Vietnamese, and 50% Mac N Cheese.  The $8 Truffled Mac N Cheese "side" dish is a fabulous experience on its own. As someone who cannot achieve multiple orgasms(Yeah, it can suck being a guy), I truly enjoyed the multiple mouthgasms each time the Mac N Cheese climaxed in my mouth.  If you haven't had sex in awhile, order this!  On Saturday nights, they have a FREE shuttle to Urban Moe's...how F$#%ing awesome is that? :)Next time I hope to get laid...um...er...Lei'd again!
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,4/14/2011,163,642,8,20,13>I have a feeling I will have to upgrade Sipz to five stars upon subsequent visits.  As of now, I've only been once, on the recommendation of Erin D., who has never led me wrong.I tried the BBQ Pork, Orange Chicken, and Mongolian Beef.  The Orange Chicken was my favorite.  I haven't eaten meat since I was a young child, so I have never ever had a lot of meat products - I've never had real orange chicken or real bbq pork or real mongolian beef.  So, I can't comment on how the fake compares to the real, I can only say they are all delicious!I'd probably skip the BBQ Pork next time - there was something in the sauce that I didn't like, although I still haven't been able to put my finger on it.  Prices were okay, not cheap but not crazy expensive either.  It was about $30 for two entrees and an appetizer - not bad considering we had leftovers for lunch the next day too.The menu is so extensive, it will take many, many trips before I have even made a dent, which is awesome!  I'm used to going to restaurants and seeing maybe a maximum of five vegetarian options.  There are like a million options at Sipz.  I'm so excited!  I especially can't wait to get a vegan cupcake next time, they looked delicious.
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,4/13/2011,497,132,49,24,25>*Upon walking out of the dining area, while slowly adjusting our eyes to the light....*Dinnerdate: " So, you know we totally could have gotten away with it in there(sex)..""that would have been fun!"me: " You know, this is vital info that I could have used about 30 minutes ago...VITAL! "The experience is amazing, and it really is a different type of dark in there. Someone could be right in front of you, literally, inches away from your face and you cannot see them.  I'm for it. "It's dark, all around me..soo dark. deep, dark oblivion. nothing without nothingness, only darkness as far as the eye can see..."Now I know what all the emos were writing about in their livejournals. They must have all been at Opaque.The food was delicious. I had the beef plate.  I liked having to rely on only my sense of touch and smell, which were heightened by the darkness. I had, like super senses. Thats how I know my ninja training was well worth it. There were flower petals on the table(rose?) which was cool. I ate some. Also very cool.It was a wonderful experience and probably the most interesting dinner I have ever had. I made friends with the table next to me. I waved bye to them but I doubt they noticed.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,4/12/2011,283,119,12,13,11>First time in here with Tracie U. this afternoon. At lunch time the tiny place was packed - mostly by a party of 12.We shared the Soujouk, a Spinach Pie, and an 1/2 dozen falafel. The Soujouk was like a Mediterranean pizza. It was like a pita crust with a very slight crunch topped with a well-spiced sausage and onions and a really nondescript white cheese. It was fresh from the oven, served within 10-15 minutes of ordering, and gone in less than 5!The Spinach Pie was pretty standard but well-seasoned and fresh. Warm. Delicious.The Falafel was so so so so so so good!!!! It was perfectly seasoned through, perfectly browned, and served with tahini and yummy pickled turnips & carrots. The Falafel was the best part of the meal, i'd say. It's served with warm pita, so we made little wraps with the pickles and tahini. Amazing.The place was cutely decorated with Valentine's Day balloons and streamers. Even the napkins were Valentine's Day themes! Sweetly odd. Frivolously festive. The wife/server was sweet and attentive as could be. She deftly wielded orders, socialized, and promoted the restaurant by passing business cards to diners leaving. The Aaysh Essaraya dessert was unlike anything I've had before!!! A layer of spongy topped with a layer of creamy (or vice versa I can't remember now). Sprinkled with pistachios and served delicately on a small puddle of orange blossom syrup. I die.Can't wait to return!
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,4/11/2011,4994,169,11,31,24>Not sure why this place has an almost cult-like following.  There is usually a line outside (which does move very fast).  I guess if you are a breakfast fanatic, you will enjoy Richard Walker's.  True, they do have huge pancakes, omlets and a variety of german delights (and mediocre coffee).I found the food to be good, but not great, the portions to be big, and the prices slightly high.  All in all, I would eat here again, but I probably wouldn't wait in line.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2011,4/10/2011,722,1124,14,13,13>Finally, a banh-mi joint with no hidden fees or conflicting policies such as this place: yelp.com/biz/baguette-up…It's weird though, since I actually remembered eating here like 5 years ago, but I had long lost that memory. I'm glad that Cindy W reminded me about this place. Again, awesome sandwiches and great boba drinks.They have 18 different sandwiches and 32 smoothie/boba drinks. All are within the 3 bucks range. They also have a 5 dollar combo of sandwich, 2 egg rolls and a soda. I tried getting the combo on this particular evening but for whatever reason, the owner said "something something ran out this morning" and I was like...uh ok, I'll just get a BBQ pork, soda, and a Papaya drink. I'm not sure what he was saying but it appeared that he wasn't offering the 5 dollar deal this evening..oh well.But yah, the sandwich was nice and warm. The bun was soft, yet chewy, crispy and awesome. Plenty of meat too, compared to the other banh mi joints. And there is the convenience of having your boba drink in the same place too.Came back again, this time on Thanksgiving day. Yes they were open, and they were there to make some catering food, but they did serve the banh mi sandwiches still. Again, my bbq pork was nice and warm. This time, I got to try the durian boba tea...yes...first time. Not sure how to describe it. You just have to try it yourself. Kinda gross, but it's like you wanted more, then back to gross again. Then the recycle repeats. Weird taste. Oh well, there's always a first for everything.Credit Card? Sure, its a 5 dollar minimum here, and you'll easy make that with a sandwich and a boba drink. They also sell pastries, vietnamese donuts, and a bunch of other Asian delicacies. They're really friendly too. The owner seems very personable to everyone there, though, you may may not know if he is directly talking to you or the guy next to you. Just nod, and laugh a bit, and you can pretty much figure it out after that. It's a small restaurant of only 3 tables, but its not like a typical sit down place. Usually you just get your sandwich to go. I chose to stay and watch some BBall and chit chatted with the owner. Well at least I thought I was. I think he was looking at me when he was talking...again not really sure.So yah, pretty awesome sandwiches here. You know I'll be a regular as well. Couldn't give a 4 star though. On both my visits here, I asked to get the 5 dollar combo deal, but it wasn't available for whatever reason. If you're not going to offer the $5 combo deal, then take down that sign!!!!Tip: to say extra peppers in your sandwiches say "jaou tame uk"
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,4/9/2011,806,340,25,18,23>The scene:Papel(white as paper) enters Huffman's.Lady behind the counter, munching on her fingernail, looks up and casts a disheartening look at Papel. "You ready to order? Whatcha want?"Ummm...not sure give me a minute replies Papel."well, You is just going to have to wait a minute then, I am going to take a break." whips out cell phone and starts a loud and very interesting conversation that I had to listen to for the sheer enjoyment of her story telling skills...This place is for realz. The food is good, ain't no Sister Pee Wee's but a fine establishment in it's own right.  I could care less about the service or ambiance. I love this place for what it is. Good soul food and an authentic BBQ made with love. Plus they have chitlins.  Oh and an excellent spot to take a lady out on a date. Not sure if it is a first date spot, I have been informed that it is not.  You might want to see if she can handle...a little excitement and a little "dirt" in her life. It is a good barometer to see if your little princess has some soul.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,4/8/2011,242,2016,15,13,12>Red Tracton's is a place for the older crowd.  You'll find lots of cougars and sabretooths here, but they're here to have a good time.  The people watching is fun.  You definitely won't come across any hipsters or gangsters here.It seems most of the clientele are of the horse racing enthusiast stock.  But that also means that you will come across your belligerent drunk once in a while, which only adds to the allure of the place.I have yet to have dinner here, but I can comment on their appeitizers.  The shrimp cocktail is fresh, large, and comes with great dipping sauces.  I suggest mixing the two sauces for a taste explosion.  The baby back ribs are fall off the bone good.  The sauce is sweet but not overly sweet.  The lobster bisque is much too runny for my taste.  I've made thicker versions with a better finish.  I suggest you avoid this one only if you've never had proper lobster bisque.  McCormick & Schmick make a better lobster bisque and I can't stand McCormick & Schmick!They offer a free valet so please don't forget to tip those attendants.  Junior Seau is a regular here, if you're into that sort of thing.Say oww...
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2007,3/16/2008,180,133,12,15,14>I've now been duped into coming here twice ...And it gets better each time!Every place is what you make of it, bringing your friends here and making a mockery of everything is one way to do it. However you choose to do it, just do it!I could go on and on about entertaining shenanigans that really have no relevance to The Aero Club, so I'll just leave you with the deets according to my world;I first judge a joint by their vodka selection (I told you this was according to my world, you're just reading in it). When they say they've got a full bar, they mean they've got a FULL BAR. They've got my favorite vodka's on the shelf (I now have tunnel vision at this point), and they've got the other usuals as well, but seriously, they've got a TON of bottles up on that wall, you'd be hard pressed not to find what you want at The Aero Club.Next, I determine an establishments worthiness of my presence by the activities made available to the inebriated patrons (because it'd look like another zombie movie if there wasn't anything to do). Two pool tables and a few flat screens with ESPN and a random comedy movie is pretty nice, but being able to throw down some bones is especially nice! I think every joint needs to have dominoes!!!Finally, the make or break of anywhere I roll is the happiness of its clients. When a group of nerds can bombard a joint, plant themselves on a stool in the middle of the room, huddled behind the glowing display of their laptops with a hypnotised stare, tossing back a number of drinks and/or shots in a social environment all the while feeling perfectly comfortable with the whole situation - then you know you've found a truly unique spot!It won't be soon enough before I'm duped into returning to The Aero Club
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2007,3/15/2008,112,232,7,14,10>THANK YOU Yelp for helping me find this place.  I cannot believe more people are not jumping on the Belgian fries trend and yelping their little hearts out.  Anyway.  YAY BELGIAN FRIES IN SAN DIEGO!After my love affair/obsession with Pomme Frites in NYC came to an abrupt end with my move to SD, I thought I would have to wait a long time before tasting twice-fried potatoes with delicious dipping sauces.  Not so.  On Mission Blvd, right off of Garnet, there is the cleanest, most cute little Belgian fries restaurant I have ever seen.  With several little tables for two and window seating with holes for the cones of fries, it is far more comfortable than many of the hole-in-the-wall places that sell frites in other cities.  And the fries were, perhaps, even BETTER than the ones I'd been in love with (Pomme Frites who?).  I can say for sure that the dipping sauces were more fancy and tasty.  Though you get one sauce free with your order of fries, I suggest getting the sampler three for an additional $1.25 so you can have four options.  I suggest all of the ones I tried: Piri Piri (roasted red pepper), Caribbean (Jamaican jerk with papaya), Rosemary Cracked Pepper, and Pesto.The place also sells a wide selection of Belgian waffles for breakfast, which I will certainly go back to try, along with some interesting looking sandwiches involving croquettes.  Their fries rancheros sound like the craziest food for dealing with a hangover the next morning.  It's the best snack to share with friends, who will all be raving about them if they haven't had them before.  Trust me.  It's worth the trip to PB.  And hopefully you will be attended by the sweetest guy from Maine who asked me not once but twice if I was all set, as I stared out the window in fry and dipping sauce heaven.Edit 11/01: So a couple of weeks ago a friend and I were in the neighborhood on a Saturday afternoon and stopped in so I could school her in the goodness of Belgian Frie.  Well, they'd had a very busy day and were almost out of fries.  So what did they do when they couldn't fill our order for a large cone?  They gave us all the fries left for free (a small cone's worth, and honestly, all we really needed), and a 10% off coupon for our next visit.  Talk about great service.  This place rules.  We will be back!
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,3/13/2008,413,1019,6,17,15>This is my 200th review. I thought long and hard about what I should choose for this milestone review and I thought that reviewing Balboa Park would be perfect since it is my favorite part of San Diego. I have been going here since I was wee. I remember rolling down hills as a young girl when my dad was at the hospital across the street. When I started coming back here as a teenager, it was all about the Ruben H. Fleet during the day. At night it was all about the somewhat hidden Alcazar Garden where there is a bench that could tell many stories about me and my friend's Friday nights.The park hosts numerous events throughout the year. It has something for everyone.  Come on a Sunday afternoon for a free concert at the Spreckels Organ Pavilion. After the concert, you can mosey over to the International Houses for some of their hospitality. Or check out the U.N. gift shop for items from around the world. If nightlife is more your speed, check out the Happy Hour at the Prado. If it's a Thursday night, you can head over to the SD Museum of Art until 9pm. Some of the most underappreciated parts of Balboa Park are the gardens. There's a great garden behind the House of Charm (Mingei Museum). Or you can walk across the bridge near the Ruben H. Fleet and check out the rose and cactus gardens. And the botanical garden is full of treasures. Just walking up to it along the lily pond is amazing.The more I am away from San Diego, the more I appreciate the uniqueness of Balboa Park.  On flights home, I am often asked about the park as we fly over it before landing. After the appropriate ConVis worthy endorsement, I pat myself on the back for my civic pride. And then I remind myself that I need to spend more time in the park. So many more memories to be had.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2007,3/12/2008,31,29,,8,6>My first five star review! I am just about as psyched about that as I was at The Linkery last night. I went after the Culture and Cocktails event at SDMA.  My friend was practically jumping for joy to take me there. We got there around 9.  My ideal dinner time when it is later in the week.  We were immediately seated by a courteous, enthusiastic server.  We were seated on the right side of the restaurant--bar side---at a nice side table set for two.  The servers were on it. They were up to speed. . never hovering, but always mindful of what their guests were up to.  Intuitive---the best servers are that way.  Promptly, a bottle of sage infused water was set on the table.  Simple, yet innovative idea. A delight.  I wanted 'links' since that is what the restaurant's title advertises.  Sausages are a rare vice of mine---love them.  I just got into loving them this year--so my love is still young and giddy. . oooooOOO the juiciness of sausages.  I thought the Farmer's Plate (or something along those lines) would best give me the sausage sampler.  A taste of everything---sausages --I choose to take two mild Chicken Cordon Bleu and English Banger.  They ended up giving me 3 since they considered one to be a little on the small side.  The English Banger was my preferred of the 2, but both were sensational.  Along with came some sauteed potatoes.  A nice touch was how some red skin was left on them.  I was also given a smidge of Swiss Chard as well as a block of cheese.  PERFECTION. I paired my meal with a Nut Ale which was suggested by the waitress.  She was phenomenal with offering her ideas. My friend got the wheat tagiatelle with pancetta.  I got to sample some bites and my oh my, but still I would stick to sausages at the Linkery---out of personal love for sausages.  She paired her pasta with a yummy ale called South Pacific or something along those lines---hard to find and unique, fruity for a beer. We split the warm chocolate cake with vanilla bean ice cream.  I love splitting desserts.  It is like friendship manifesting itself when you split a dessert. Warm chocolate cake is divine.  It is so rich and gooey.  My favorite dessert---well I have a major sweet tooth so one of my favorite desserts.  Now a brief word on the decor---perfect mix of dark and light.  The lighting and the woody heavy tables were very nice complements of each other.   The fact that the tip is already determined is something I had never seen before.  I like what they do with the spill-over if guests offer them more than the pre-rated 18%----donate to charity.  Not bad philantrophy. Anyone who is complaining about portions need to grow to except Restaurant concepts.  Restaurants are more than eateries to shovel in food.  They are to experience.  GOOD food doesn't need to be served in massive quantities---it is actually best served in small portions.  Even scientific studies reveal that after a few bites the brain is less receptive to taste.  Some restaurants proiritize quality over quantity.  When each morsel of food is powerfully packed with the right flavors and textures, there is no need to pile the plate with excess.  This is cuisine.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2008,3/10/2008,734,200,7,7,8>I am utterly shocked that people are offended by large portions.  Seriously go live in France where they give you a pea with some sauce on it and call it dinner!I love this place! The servers are always fun and helpful.  The food is anything but average (Holly)!  It's not just big, it tastes really, really good!  At Hash House you really get bang for your buck.  The presentation of the food is a bonus.It's a great place to go when you're hung over.  They have this hang over remedy drink that I know works because I've tried it a few times.  Some cucumber mixture.  And there is no shortage of greasy comfort food.  I love the meatloaf hash and the biscuits and gravy.  I have only eaten breakfast here, but keep thinking I should try dinner.  I have also been here for drinks and they have a good wine selection.  The guy behind the bar was very helpful with suggesting a good wine.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2007,3/8/2008,101,101,16,6,7>I've never been to Italy, but I imagine it'd be a little something like what I experienced at Mamma Mia. This place scores points for liveliness and character: there's an animated, talk-with-his-hands owner and servers that yell orders at each other in Italian. Our server was an Italian gal with an enchanting accent who basically entranced us and got us to order whatever she wanted. It was like we were powerless!  I suggest you brace yourself and take anti-hypnotic measures before coming in to order.But she was good - she recommended the bruschetta, which was the best I've ever had (seriously, it was that good), and we ended up with homemade gnocchetti and lasagna. The gnochetti was rich and flavorful, which unfortunately made the lasagna less interesting in comparison. You should know that if you order the lasagna it's not going to be doused with a thick layer of meat sauce like you find in other Italian restaurants. The flavors here are more subtle and the pasta was thin but layered heavily. It was good - and different - which alone made it worth the experience, but next time I'm going to try something different.The place is small, and fairly crowded at times, but I think it's worth the visit to experience the atmosphere and home made dishes. Try it next time you're in PB if you want something a little classier than the run-of-the-mill fish tacos and sushi that line every street corner in town.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,3/7/2008,135,357,11,11,6>Wow! That was a yummy tamale! And in the heart of PB, this is a special treat. As an establishment, Tamales Ancira is nothing new -- with long-standing locations in Chula Vista, Escondido and Tijuana going back as far as 1989. But the PB location is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood -- both for those who are planning events and for others just looking for a quick lunch. My tamale ($1.69) was absolutely wonderful -- fluffy, tasty, and covered with just the right amount of real Mexican cheese and salsa. But the real potential for this place, I think, comes in what it can do for those planning an event. At $1.45 per tamale (for orders of 100 or more), this is a great place to consider if what you have in mind is feeding the masses. They actually have a complete 'Party Pack', which comes with 100 tamales, 50 portions of rice, 50 portions of beans and 2 pints of salsa for $209. Trust me, it's hard to feed 50 people with cattle-feed for anything less. But with Tamales Ancira, the fact that the food is fresh, flavorful and delicious is a bonus!If Jesus did his work in PB, he would have left the bread and fish for the Zealots and fed the masses with a Tamales Ancira Party Pack. Trust me.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2007,3/6/2008,187,162,27,9,14>I have a shameful, SHAMEFUL love of Del Taco.No really. I do.It's a problem. I mean, we're talking fast food here. But I can't help myself. My feelings for Del aren't as strong as the ones I have for Bakers, but since those don't exist in San Diego, I fill that void in my life with Del Taco.Seriously. Bean and cheese burrito. 99 cents. I'm poor, but hungry. And damn, I love those little crinkle cut fries dipped in mild sauce mixed with ketchup.And you know what? You can get a huge cup full of fries! Why would anyone need a huge cup full of fries? Well, personally, I need that cup to share with my friend, either pre or post drunken debauchery, as we blather to each other about the latest work or boy drama. Chances are, we'll be laughing so hard we choke on our cherry cokes.Good, good times. Bad, bad tasty food. Cheap, cheap prices.Yes, I know I have a problem, but until there's a Del Taco support group, I'm just going to keep feeding my addiction.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2007,3/5/2008,281,330,,13,5>"The way car buying SHOULD be?" Indeed.On the hunt for a specific vehicle for the past 3 months, I had no idea I would eventually buy it at CarMax.They have a great business model which is wildly successful (evident by how fast they're growing). They prequalify every used car to ensure that it has a clean title (no crashes) and do a 125 point inspection covering every system of the vehicles they sell.I studied practically every feature of this particular car and spent months hemming, hawing, and scouring the web to check prices. I found a vehicle that met all my criteria at a CarMax location (in L.A., but later I do go to the new Kearny Mesa location, keep reading!) A great resource for researching cars from not only CarMax but many other sources, btw, is cars.com. The buying process was smooth. The "no haggle" pricing was just that, and it was a fair price. The salesguy who helped me explained the buying process thoroughly. He wasn't necessarily an expert on any specific vehicle (like you might find at a dealer), but I already knew more than most dealers would about the car, on account of all my research. Once I made the decision to purchase, he took me to "cubicle 1" (the location is laid out like a typical office, with desks in a row) to discuss financing. He provided me a printed bill of sale listing each item and explained each one. Then he offered me financing. They have an instantaneous credit check/approval system which for me, found 2 lenders (BofA and Carmax's own finance company). They give you a 3-day payoff option which means that even if you sign up with their financing, within 3 business days, you can have any other financing source pay off the loan before their interest kicks in. One of the many cool parts of the buying process. A few days after the sale, I got my own credit union to provide the loan (loan rate was 1.5% lower than their lowest deal). By doing that I saved $20/month on my payment. I also opted for an extended warranty, for which the salesguy explained the different options. The warranty price was built into the bill of sale so I could finance it as well. There is an opt-out on the warranty so at any time I can cancel and get a prorated refund.I was then taken to "cubicle 2" to settle some of the paperwork. I was putting a large down payment down, so they needed to verify that the funds would be there, etc.In "cubicle 3", I signed the remaining paperwork. Each document was explained carefully and then I was sent to the final waiting room, while they prepared the vehicle. They gassed it up and cleaned it (it was immaculate)! The whole process took about 2 hours and I left happily on my way!REPAIR SERVICE: The car does have a minor issue with the radio (reception is weak). I took it to the KM location to have them look at it. Very friendly service, no hassle, no out of pocket expenses (it is covered under their standard 30 day bumper-to-bumper warranty). They weren't able to fix it, and they pointed out that if they continued to mess with it, then it might void the original manufacturer's warranty. This is the only way I found out that it was still under the manufacturer's 3 year/36K mile warranty! The CarMax I bought at made no mention of it. Luckily, the original dealership is right up the street from the KM CarMax, so now it's in the dealership's hands.PROS- Huge selection- Great website, but inventory is also available on other sites like cars.com- No haggle pricing, no pressure to buy any specific vehicle- Clear explanation of the process- Friendly staff- 3-day payoff (if you want to get your own loan and didn't do your homework before purchasing)- 5-day cooling off on USED cars (if you want to return it for any reason).- 30-day unconditional warranty (even if you don't opt for the extended)CONS- They didn't tell me that the original manufacturer's warranty was still valid.- No expertise on specific car models. So do your own research first if you have a specific vehicle in mind!- The car has a minor issue with radio reception. Somehow this escaped their "125 point inspection". Luckily it is still under the factory warranty so now I have taken it to the original dealer.- I had to take car to be fixed twice, and problem eventually had to be handled by the original dealer.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2007,3/4/2008,126,386,16,15,13>Ooh, a well-kept secret.  (Til now.)It's the US Olympic Committee's only warm-weather year-round multi-sport training facility, and it's right here in our own desert.  No, you can't just go there and smack baseballs on their pretty fields.  But it's not only open to the public (daily, 10-5, with a propaganda-filled gift shop), you can get a guided tour from a real-live athlete (Tues-Sat, 1:30) or just follow the self-guided tour.  Basically, it's a nice place to check out and go for a short walk, though probably not for a run.It feels like a college campus would feel if the college did nothing but intramural sports and everyone was a world-class athlete.  The facilities are gorgeous, and the setting is SPECTACULAR.  Great views of mountains to the east and Otay Reservoir, where athletes canoe and kayak.  Nice views of cookie-cutter sprawl in other directions.San Diego's own Meb Keflezighi probably runs on trails around here, and I really, really wish I knew where he ran.  Let me run with you, Meb.  I can keep up with you for at least 30 seconds.Minus one star since I can't just come here and strut my stuff in the weight room.  C'mon, fellas.  I'm an American too.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,10/1/2013,610,215,11,7,7>I'm a fatty girl, in a Fatboy's world!!Sweet Baby Jesus!  What are you, Fatboy's!?...  Freaking Amazing if you ask me!You really wouldn't guess it by walking past Fatboy's Corner Store & Deli, but the sandwiches coming out of here are insanely good!As I sit here multitasking: sharing 2 different sandwiches I just ordered with a co-worker and writing this review...oh yeah and working... I can't help but smile at the tasty originality... and I'm positive I have some pesto spread all up in my teeth.  :DHot Cheetos in a sandwich?  Hell yes, why not... Know what the best part of this is?  You don't get the red Cheetos dust all over on your fingers.  Who needs to dig through a bag of chips when Fatboy's straight up puts the chips INSIDE the sandwich!!  That's some stoner genius right there... I bet on it!  We got the Hot Poppa on a french roll with all the veggies.  It comes with turkey, Monterrey jack cheese,  cream cheese, flamin' hot Cheetos, & jalapenos.  Our second sandwich was the Super Bird, and it alone is worthy of 5 stars.  Pesto, chicken breast, mozzarella & bacon.  Again I got all the veggies but added avocado to this bad-boy.  Toasted, on an onion roll... shut the front door!! SOOOO YUMMY!Besides wonderful sandwiches, they also carry an extensive selection of Chips and Root Beer & specialty sodas.  They have a small selection of bulk candies, DVDs for sale, and Thrifty Ice cream by the scoop.  In addition to being a great little deli, there are also very nice people working here.You know, I thought about saving some of my food for later, but that's what skinny people do... and if you've read my reviews, you know I'm a fat girl, tried & true. PS - They also recently got their liquor license, so booze it up my friends... annnnnd I'm spent!
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,9/30/2013,395,204,2,9,2>I am so excited about this new spot. This past Saturday I decided to check it out after reading so much about it. This spot is my new happy hour spot for sure. The entrance is pretty awesome. I love the metro tile decor. The bathrooms are very unique with different themes. I didn't get the chance to go inside the Ryan Gosling one, maybe next time. The seating is pretty cool. Booths and tables. The dance area is pretty cool with the huge disco ball.Happy hour is from 5-7pm. Half off pitchers, mule bowls are $21 instead of 42, the chicken wings are only $5 & DELICIOUS! We also had 2 sushi rolls. Kali roll $3 !!! Our server Rene was extremely friendly and awesome. Gave us great suggestions on what to order. I'll be back to this spot asap. I highly recommend it.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,9/29/2013,166,327,5,7,4>I booked a bachelorette party here for 12 girls and was not disappointed. Tip: If you are looking to make a reservation, the person who does all of the bookings is available from 11am-5pm. I didn't know this and called at 8pm to make reservations only to be on hold for 15 minutes. Just call during the daytime and you won't have that problem. Lips confirms your reservation with you the day before, which is nice.Our group of 12 arrived with no problem and were able to get some drinks at the bar, which were reasonably priced. We came on a Saturday night, so it was a bit crowded. Some of the tables were so close together that we would have to ask people to move their chairs in order for us to get up. I don't know how the drag queens did it, but they still managed to dance around the tables through the tiny spaces between tables. I had a positive experience with the food here, and for days after the party I was constantly thinking about Lips' Wild Mushroom Ravioli. It's SO GOOD, you have to get it (esp. if you are vegetarian). The dressing on the starter salad is to die for! The dessert wasn't much - it was just brownies with whipped cream, and I didn't eat much of it because I was stuffed. The portions here are BIG. The ladies here really work for their money - and like some said, they do tend to push  on the edge of humor so I wouldn't come here with people who are extremely conservative and proper. Overall, my party was happy and it was a success!
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,9/28/2013,971,479,3,7,9>Came here for Easter Brunch with a party of 6.  94th Aero Squadron's staff was well organized and managed to still provide great service despite of being so busy. Ambiance: Seating available in the dining room, out on the patio and outdoors on the grass overlooking the airfield.  Inside in the dining room the ambiance is a little dark and your eyes might have to adjust from time to time. It is also a little tight in space. The chairs and the tables on the patio looked more spacious.  TIP: OPT to sit on the patio.  Service: SUPERB! Our server kept pouring the champagne.  Ooooh La LaFood: Buffet Line-YummyDessert - It's AlrightOmelette Station-YUMMY, Good and made to my liking. Now, the food item that blew me away.  The Belgium Waffles were BANGIN'!I can't describe the taste but it tasted so good with the whip butter. Overall we had a great experience here.  We will definitely return again for another award winning experience.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,9/27/2013,198,283,6,7,6>Still had a unsatisfied craving for some heavy duty pizza after being disappointed at Bronx, so headed over to UCSD to see what those college kids were filling their bellies with... Legitttttttt. Got a whole Chicago pie, half Popeye and half Meat Lover for the boyf and myself. Did we have to wait an hour? Yes. Was it excruciatingly long? Yes. Was it worth it? Yes. Tip: get some of those amazing garlic knots to hold you over. They've also got some TVs and beer as well.They have everything from New York-style pizza, Chicago deep dish, pasta, sandwiches, salads, and soups here. Usually I'm wary about these places that have a bunch of things on their menu, but strangely I have faith that the rest of their menu items won't be too shabby. Next up - calzones!Only gripe: please wipe down the tables after people leave :X
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,9/26/2013,410,670,4,6,5>This place really rocks!  We came in on 7/3/2013. It was not completely packed but there were a lot of people there. We signed it at the front and got our pager, then headed on over to the bar area were we found a nice seat while we waited. The bartenderess was a sweet girl and I feel bad that I did not get her name. We started off by ordering a glass of  Las Moras Malbec from Argentina $7.00.  About 15 minutes passed and our pager went off.  We were lead to the most amazing seaside table with a spectacular view.  I just love San Diego!  After being seating Tammy our waitress came with the menu's and we all agreed to order different things and then share them when they came out.  First, our appetizer had to be the Crispy Calamari because it is my favorite. This was served with a Vietnamese dipping sauce that was just to die for. The Calamari was a nice blend of both the tentacles and the cut squid circles for $12.00. This place is making my Calamari list!  The picture made it seem a bit dry but trust me it was not.  After the appetizer my dad ordered a bottle of Las Moras Malbec wine for our group. This wine was an amazing red wine that you must try one day.  The orders were as follows:  Kemo Sabe, the Blackened Ahi and the seared Ahi stack $18.00 (fresh crab, avocado, papaya/mango salsa taro root chips & caviar)  and in closing the Mudd Pie. While enjoying or should I say devouring our food the brand new manager Debra Paul came over to our table to say hello. She is new to this establishment and is making the attempt to meet her customers. Debra is a very pretty and petite woman that is extremely polite.  She talked for us a while and we really enjoyed her.  She is a good role model for Island Prime and you could tell she was very genuine with her intentions of making sure that everyone's trip here was enjoyable. Debra was an added bonus to the already amazing waitress Tammy along with the food that was to die for.  Louis also was coming over to make sure that everything at our table was perfect.  So, lets see.... Why did this place get five stars from me?  The place is clean, the wait was decent, the service was as amazing as their food was and oh yea, Did I mention that the food was to die for?  Thank you all Debra, Tammy and Louis for a wonderful, wonderful experience for my first time here! I will be back again and again. I hope that the owners of Island Prime recognize what amazing service that your provide.  Thank you again. Signed a "Loyal Fan".  This place also has a glutten free menu!
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/25/2013,646,294,7,5,5>Paul C. initiated a gathering of hungover degenerates to meet here on some day after a night of debauchery - which makes me happy he's back on Facebook (Paul).  It was just he and I at first, almost literally.  There were two guys sitting at the bar and possibly another person, then the two bartenders and the food wench (sorry, she's not a wench, I just mean Small Bar is the kind of place pirates would come to eat and there would be food wenches).  The girl who takes the food orders is very pleasant!Annnyywaaayyyy, Paul and I took some time to sit in awkward silence then decided to order.  Shortly soon thereafter the others came and it was time to seriously kill that hangover by having hair of the dog, Clifford style (big red dog).Guess what they did.  Oh yes they didddddd it. I wish I could remember the bartenderess's name but she was a blonde on the shorter side of height.  What did she do?  She made me The Alaskan Polar Bear Heater!  What is that?! Come on, brush up on your 1960s pop culture.youtube.com/watch?v=-jfv…That's what she made me!  It was decent and probably would take a few stabs to perfect the mixture of the flavors, but it wasn't absolutely dreadful like the iA bar where business is slow enough and the bartenders are approachable enough to make me that drink is my kind of place.You've got your breakfast items, you've got your lunch items, you've got what's been touted as one of the best Blood Mary's in San Diego (don't drink them, hate tomatoes, don't know), you've got your relatively reasonable prices and what else?  One more important detail... the beer!  Huh-looooo the beer, if you drink beer, is off the hook.  I mean, come on, under the wing of the Hamilton's folks?  They sure know what they're doing.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,9/24/2013,1515,967,11,11,11>I scream for ice cream! I love ice cream and have been wanting to try this place for a long time since I always see a long line. After a nice bike ride around the bay and the Pacific Ocean, my bf and I stopped at this place for a treat. I got the vanilla ice cream dipped in chocolate and my bf got chocolate. My vanilla ice cream was very sweet, creamy, and I love the ice cream dipped in good chocolate! One scoop for under $2, pretty cheap. I'm more of a soft ice cream fan, and this place did the job.One disclaimer, ice cream melts really fast and you have to eat it fast or you'll be trailing some drops of ice cream to wherever you go. Watch out for your feet and shirt!But a very nice activity refreshment for year round!
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2013,9/23/2013,720,560,8,7,7>chi chi  n the  urban dictionary...but it depends on how you pronounce the name of this bar (dive?)"Chi means a variety of things in different languages as stated here. In Jamaican it's basically the equivelant to the american term gay (can be used when not reffering to homosexuals, just in a deragotory way). In spanish it refers to breasts/tits, in this way it's used commonly among blacks and mexicans. In japanese, it's short for daddy (Chihayo)."Why did I start the review this way.  This was my first visit to this bar.  After checking out the reviews, I anticipated a mix of old and new.  The old Chee Chee was a dangerous place to visit, the new Chee Chee was a hipster art haven (now being next to Hodads in East Village means more touristas).  I say it's the mix of both.  When we come to have a drink with our former Yelp Talk enthusiast raconteur Danielz for his Birthday debauchery, we expected unsavory characters lurking in the bar.  Unfortunately, we found a hipster, artsy show of various forms of art products, paintings, jewelry and other items. The bar was lighted generously for all and the bartenders were not bad (except the bartenderess who shifted Poor El Gato and when confronted stared us down teh rest of the night).Overall, it wasn't as divey when I went, but I did see fringes of that old dive bar feel, there was a big dog at the bar (possibly one of the regulars).  I would have loved to see the crowd when there was no art show because it would have lived more to my expectations.  I live through the '80s and '90s when I went to some of the most diviest/scariest bars (because when you are young, you want to be scared but awed!).Drinks were considered strong by others, I had a PBR for 4 bucks probably a little less than at the other hipster bars to be found in the Gaslamp Westward.I'll be back Chee Chee and next time scare me please or not!  cheap alcohol often trumps scary characters (see Tower Bar review!)
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,9/22/2013,804,248,5,10,9>Pet peeve #6People who consciously throw recyclables in trash bins cause they are too lazy or worse, they just don't care. Does it really take that much effort to separate plastic, cans, glass from trash?Pet peeve #6.01Seeing vacuums, microwaves, old box TVs and other electrical gadgets thrown out in a dumpster. Why, why...why would you do that??!There's recycling centers that help dispose these non-biodegradables and get your money back for the CRV on those bottle waters and aluminum cans. ....enters One Earth Recycling.They take most everything, except for huge appliances like stoves and refrigerators. (A suggestion: If it's working, why not just donate those, right?) Plus this place isn't some junkie looking recycling center. It's organized, clean and has a very 'green' feel to the place. There's earth saving messages written on the walls that reminds you, you did the right thing. /pat yourself on the shoulderNo more excuses....they make it easy and effortless to recycle and be good to this planet that we all live in.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2008,8/25/2008,129,254,12,5,5>After reading what seemed like several mixed reviews on this place, I decided to go check it out and decide for myself. The bar staff were great and I give them 4 stars. They were all super friendly and chill. I had read that it was Cougar central, and didn't see that many in sight.  The two younger girls sitting next to me at the bar turned out to be really cool, and were not happy that it was known to be Cougar central. But, they were cool. The funny thing about this place is how the crowd evolves over a couple hours. The douchebag/non-douchebag ratio goes up significantly. An African animal rights activist would be irate about the amount of leopards that were skinned to dress the patrons.  The first few hours are great if you get there around 8 and shoot the shit. By the time that nightclub fills up the amount of douchebags and plastic happy people almost triples. I usually make a good time out of any situation and this place was no different. But I thought it would be a proper review to share some of the inane conversations I heard while waiting in line for the bathroomRandom Girl (To all guys in the bathroom):Guys are way more into the body than the face, aren't' they (sporting tight leapordskin and concerned about her face)Me: Umm......sureRandom Girl: yeah, see, it's all about that body. You can have an ugly face and a hot body. Me (thinking): No wonder this place is known to be plastic surgery centralRandom girl: This is my friend, it's her birthdayMe: happy b-dayRandom Girl: Isn't she hot, check out those huge tits. Random dude: "Every time a hot girls walks out of the bathroom we all need to clap"Oddly enough, I spotted like zero cougars. Maybe the cougars all have a special night called Cougar night.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,8/24/2008,54,87,12,13,12>If Maxwell's were a set of boobs, it would be a pair of pert double d's.We parked up right across the street from Cosmo's. That's where we were headed. I saw a $2 book shelf outside a store and automatically thought "I can never find anything good really cheap, it just doesn't happen". That's when I spotted about a dozen really cool books, one of which I bought, 'Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance'. I've been meaning to read this for years and at this price I had to get it. I got in there and had a brief look around, saw plenty of really good books, they have a section for everything (and I'm sure if they don't have something they can order it for you).Upon trying to pay for my book with a debit card the man behind the counter (Mr. Maxwell himself I believe) informed me that they have a 6 dollar minimum for cards, fuck, there aren't any other books I want right now and I don't have time to look. He then tells me "If you don't have the cash just take it and come back when you're in the area". I declined and borrowed some money from my friend but was very grateful for the offer. That's why this place is getting 5 stars. There are plenty of book shops around, but very few with staff or owners as kind and eager for people to be able to read. Amazing. I'l definitely go back there.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,8/23/2008,2068,297,10,16,13>Awesome!  A pho joint in the south bay!I guess they've been around for 7 months from what our waitress told us.  I drive past here like every other day and haven't even noticed it here until about a couple weeks ago, lol.I was really impressed by the decor once we walked.  Decor is definitely different from other pho restaurants and had more of a modern look, kinda like something you would see in an Asian-fusion Americanized restaurant, but the taste is definitely authentic :)  Place seemed a bit packed so that was a good sign that the food would be bomb!Menus were given to us right when we were seated and our orders were taken quite quickly.  Food came out very fast and the presentation was nice and you can see the freshness right away, heh.  I ordered a large bowl of the pho dac biet(#1 in most pho joints) and it was stuffed with noodles and beef.  Some of the biggest portions of pho I've had for quite a while in SD, haha.My friend ordered the com tam thit nuong(bbq pork) and I'd have to say that the portions were very big.  Plenty of rice and huge piece of pork!Our waitress was very nice and friendly!It def ain't the best Viet food but its up to par with most of em in town and is closer for most of you Chula Juana peeps that don't wanna drive all the way to City Heights/Clairemont/Mira Mesa.
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,8/22/2008,413,1019,17,27,23>Oh heck yeah. I don't have to drive to the Filipino hood anymore when I want my fix of home cooking. The first time I went I walked in and was in a tizzy just deciding what to order. So I figured I would order what I usually order at other Filipino places - the menudo and the Lechon Kawali (fried pork. ) I also ordered 6 lumpia and grabbed a coke and made it out of there for $8. Totally inexpensive.As soon as I got in the car, I went for a lumpia. Oh yeah...that's what I am talking about. Almost as good as my mom's. It was hard not to enhale the rest of the lumpia on the drive back to work, but I saved the rest for my co-workers to try. Thumbs up all around.As for my entrees? The pork was awesome - not too salty and the skin was the perfectly crispy. The menudo was good, too and wasn't greasy like I've seen at other places. Of course, it was way too much food and I have enough for dinner tonight.I can't wait to take my parents to eat here.  The dining area is clean and not sketchy like some other places I've been (Tita's and Maharlika I am talking to you!!) I could actually bring my non-pinoy friends here too without skeeving them out. Woo hoo. updated 1/26: I've been back a few times and am still really digging it. I've tried the adobo and the tocino and they are spot on good. The pancit is okay, but unless you're really jonesing for some, stick with the rice.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,8/21/2008,102,157,11,7,11>What's the meaning of life? Was Jesus real? How fast do hotcakes really sell? Many of life's great mysteries have no clear answer. And here's one more - why is In-N-Out so damn popular?Best burger I've ever had in my life? No, but when I lived outside of In-N-Out territory for a few years, I died a little inside and I craved it. They focus on freshness and high quality ingredients, the end result of which is a delicious fast food meal. Trying to explain the weird local charm that keeps everyone coming here is beyond the scope of this exercise, and I don't even really care. Food's goodThis location is on point with the service. Not too blown up, parking is usually no problem, and I only have to wait a few minutes after ordering till I'm burgin' out. I always get the dub-dub meal with grilled onions. Never been disappointed, and I'm always left with enough cash for a beer or 6 afterward. Sometimes you want a sit down burger the size of my head, and a diner or restaurant will have what you need. When you're craving the takeaway stuff it doesn't get much better than In-N-Out. Hell, it's all burgin'  :DDon't ever leave me again In-N-Out
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,8/20/2008,1299,698,23,20,20>I finish a meeting downtown.  I'm near City Hall and the City Jail**.  I'm starving.  I gotta head back to Encinitas.  I should grab something down here: how often am I downtown at this time anyway? Seriously? where can I grab something and go? Mimmos! Wait? It's just GRAB & GO now! Memories of downtown internships flower my mind.The door is closing.  Crap, they close at 230p?! HEY, are you still open! Sure, come in.  I run in winded and gasping (not really, but drama is good).  They've got other sandwiches, but I overlook all of them - I'm in a hurry.  I order the special I do remember "Grab & Go," the #1, which is filled with Mortadella, Cotto Salami. Provolone Cheese, Lettuce, Tomatoes, Onions, Pepperoncinis, Oil & Vinegar, on an italian roll. The cute gal convinces me to get the combo which includes chips and a soda for $5.00. DEAL!  I was in and out in less than 5 mins flat.  Sammich wasn't premade, I saw him make it. Now that's a sandwich artist. Subway who?I zoom back to Encinitas choosing to be late.  I had a tasty sammich instead.  They can wait. Looking for a speedy downtown deal, Grab & Go is it.**I had nothing to do with the jail. It was used for landmark purposes in furthering this review.  Thank you. Vote accordingly.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2008,8/19/2008,415,328,24,18,20>My first two times in this bar were Thursday and Saturday. Thursday I was there for the inaugural night of Boombox Thursdays with the famous Edgartronic. That night I rolled in with the kickball team after our game to a packed house all there to dance to Edgar's magic turntable stylings. It was a good night.I returned Saturday night for the North by Northpark festival that was going on. The lengths I went to in order to get to AC should tell you how much I like the place. I started out at Claire de Lune's watching my boss's band that played a set there. Instead of taking the shuttle from University down to Adams, I thought, I can walk that alone. Well maybe it would have been better had I not been in 3 or 4 inch heels and a mini skirt. First of all, that's a little trek, so I was freakin' hot by the time I made it to AC. More importantly those shoes weren't made for walking and especially not on 30th. Apparently I was mistaken by A LOT of people for a ahem hooker. I had at least five cars pull over and ask me how much. Then I had a man who looked like a grandfather roll up to me at the stoplight and tell me that, "I should make a killing tonight because it was just payday". WTF?! I screamed at all of them, "I am not a hooker!" Worst part, it was my birthday. Anyway, I finally make it to AC and the bouncer ( I think his name was Alex) bought me a birthday shot. Aaahhhh thanks Alex. Thanks AC lounge. You made the adventure worth it. I will be back, probably for Boombox Thursdays, and probably via my truck parked very close by.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,8/18/2008,112,64,25,14,25>Choose Your Own "Ralph's Hair Place" Adventure!Waking up should be a good thing. It's Thursday after all, the one day of the week you don't regularly have a hangover. Unfortunately, after passing a mirror, you realize that your hair is mussed much more than normal. Since no one was next to you when you got out of bed, you can only conclude that the mess you see before you is due to neglect, not a rockin' evening. It is obviously time to visit Ralph's Hair Place.To walk over to Ralph's, continue to paragraph 2.To call 619-291-CUTS, skip to paragraph 3.It's a good thing you live in Hillcrest. The convenience of living near a great business like Ralph's is quite a blessing. You particularly enjoy interacting with the locals during your walks. Hey, did that dirty teenager just ask you for beer money?To give the dirty teenager beer money, go to paragraph 4.To let the kid bum a smoke instead, skip to paragraph 5.You call Ralph's and ask for an appointment with your favorite stylist. Unbelievably, she has time available today! You book the appointment and decide that today is a great day to walk around the neighborhood.Go back to paragraph 2."Sure kid, here's a ten. Get the good stuff." "Golly, mister. You're swell!" The little bum runs off with a spring in his step. You just did a good thing, and the smile on your face shows it.Skip to paragraph 6."Sorry, kid. I don't have the cash but I do have a smoke if you want it.""Geesh, mister. Don't you know smoking is bad for you?" The kid turns his attention to the next passerby. You decide that very moment to kick the habit for good.Continue to paragraph 6.You arrive at Ralph's and notice a few people already waiting. One of them gives you some helpful advice. "If you don't have an appointment, you need to put your name on the list." That list is hanging next to the cash register.If you didn't bother to call ahead, go to paragraph 8.If you wisely made an appointment, continue to paragraph 7.Your stylist recognizes you and says it will be just a minute. You glance at the walk-ins seated around you. They look bored and a bit sad. Smiling to yourself, you know that calling ahead was the right choice. A few minutes later, your head is being shampooed with massaging motions that make your toes tingle...The End.You sign your name and sit down. You only notice a few people ahead of you. Just then a cute girl walks in and, in moments, is seated for a cut. You realize that anyone who called ahead is going to get seated before you. You grab a magazine. You grab another magazine. An hour and a half later, you finally get to see a stylist. By then you have read way too much about Jude Law. You make sure to grab your stylist's card on the way out...The End.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,8/17/2008,152,31,20,22,18>I went here based on a spurious mention in our Mexico thread name-checking Tijuana-style bacon-wrapped hot dogs.  I haven't had one in over 10 years by my estimation and that's probably been a good thing.Lucha Libre is best described as a taco shop with a decor inspired by someone's intense fascination with the masked Mexican wrestling experience.  This is not as bad as you think.  No crazed psycho named Machine will leap out and kill you for a snuff film like in that Nicholas Cage movie, "8mm".  Rather, the shop is filled with wrestling posters and memorabilia celebrating the fine tradition of these masked masters of the squared circle...  The Luchadores, from Parts Unknown, no doubt.The crown jewel or rather the "Undisputed Champion of the World in Lucha Libre Land" is definitely the "Champions Booth" which with the simple reservation of 24 hours time will get you table service, your food served on fine china, your beverages in glimmering golden goblets and the finest seat in the house in which to view the Lucha films constantly playing on the TV.  I think I just missed out on seeing someone about to be seated there because they were tidying it up and making it ready for the next crafty ring veteran to leap over its top ropes.Ah, such is life.  The travails, the sadness, the unbearably French existential pathos of it all.  I belch lustily in their general direction.Anyway, back on track.  What I went there specifically for was the infamous "TJ Hotdog" or the gustatory delight 2nd most commonly used to soak up the tequila in your belly while "visiting" Ave. Revolucion during your internment @SDSU.My meal consisted of some fresh tortilla chips offered gratis by the friendly cashier, a healthy sampling of their salsa from the cart, the aforementioned TJ Hotdogs... and the obligatory Diet Coke.  They have a pretty good variety of items to choose from as seen on their menu here: tacosmackdown.com/LuchaL…  but I was on a mission, like the A-Team, only I was alone.My TJ Hotdogs arrived soft of bun, bacon-wrapped and slightly crisp to the teeth, covered in condiments, grilled onions and some slices of bell pepper.  This is not a meal for the weak, the faint of heart, or even a man in the late stages of metro-sexuality.  This is the grub of the Luchadore!  A man skilled in the many ways of making you squeal for mercy as he crushes the very life out of you betwixt his manly spandex sheathed thighs!  I'm halfway surprised they didn't demand that I show them my "War-face" before they allowed me to pick-up my food.  I highly recommend the judicious application of some of their pineapple salsa on your hot dogs.  The sweet note of pineapple goes well with the bacon.The folks there are really nice and the cashier fairly beamed at me when I asked if I could buy one of their T-shirts which proudly proclaims their demand to "Face Punch Your Taste Buds".  No doubt it will become the talk of your next formal soiree as Chas & Buffy golf-clap your rebellious nature.Anyway, Lucha Libre was all I expected it to be.  Not quite 5 stars but oh so tantalizingly close.  The only thing that I dinged them on was that it took just a little longer than I thought to get my food to me.  Of course, I was on the verge of starvation at the time but even so it was just slightly long enough to be disconcerting.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2008,8/14/2008,71,93,24,9,10>I'm a big fan of Brazilians. Brazilian men, Brazilian flip-flops, Brazilian wax's, and last but not least Brazilian food.Although I saw a lot of men eating in this restaurant (I'm not complaining); I would recommend it to the females.HMMM, maybe because of the HOT ASS Brazilian waiters.And what could be more sexy then hot men in goofy uniforms offering you an endless variety of their meat? Okay, I'm getting a little out of hand.But seriously, the meat is BOMBTASTIC.And the buffet has a humongous selection of traditional Brazilian salads and side dishes. All so good, I could hardly walk when I left I was so full.The drinks were kept a flowin'. I recommend trying the national drink (or so they said); a Caipirinha. Sugar and lime, kinda tastes like a mojito, but not quite.It's pretty f-ing pricey. Like $50-$100 a pop, including drinks and tip. So I wouldn't recommend going here on a daily basis. If you did you would be fat, horny, and broke all the time.But it's DEFINITELY worth a try.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2007,6/3/2007,287,254,,14,9>This year's Con takes place from July 25 to July 29.This is the Mother of all Comic Book Conventions. From its humble beginnings in a small hotel with only a few dozen attendees to its now behemoth size of over 100,000 attendees, this comic con has something for everyone even remotely related to sci-fi, fantasy, horror, animation and of course comic books. If you think a day at Disneyland is exhausting, Comic Con will leave you with sensory overload.I've been going since the early 1990's when it was still primarily focused on comic books. I would go just to get autographs from writers and artists and have some sketches and drawings done. But towards the late 90's, Hollywood discovered that comic book readers are an influential demographic when it comes to fantasy and sci fi entertainment. So in addition to comic books, you get costume contests, movie and television previews (they premiered Lost and Heroes in past Cons), actors, video games, anime, and tons of promotional giveaways. It makes for a madhouse, especially during what I refer to as the weekend crush of humanity. At this point I only attend the Con during the weekdays and avoid the weekend madness.I am still able to get a souvenir Con t shirt, my autographs from my fave artists and writers and a sneak peek or two of upcoming movies and TV series. I will also attend some of the comic book related panels. The preview video games are fun to watch and play. And there's always some piece or artwork or t shirt that I just must have.  I took a lot of pictures at last year's Con but for some stupid reason I decided to delete most of them including a cute Asian girl in a Zatanna outfit. Oh well, at least I saved one pic. I'll take more pics at this year's Con.Some Tips if you've never gone before:1) If you hate crowds, avoid attending on the weekend. 100,000 people crammed into one area is no fun at all.2) Arrive early - like 1 or 2 hours early before the doors open for the day3) Parking is hell, so arrive early to get good spots or take public transportation4) Be prepared to do a lot of walking. The Con food isn't memorable but you can walk over to the Gaslamp District or the downtown mall to get a meal.5) The earlier you register, the more money you save. They will be selling registrations for 2008 in this year's Con.6) If you don't book your hotel room a year in advance, odds are you won't get a room nearby the area.7) Preview Night is on Wednesday. Its worth attending that evening.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2007,6/2/2007,416,587,2,3,4>This concert venue isn't the coolest one in SD, but I did see two very memorable performances here. Cox Arena is on SDSU's campus and the arena is pretty small. If you get tickets on the ground floor, chances are you will have the opportunity to get pretty close the performers. The venue is big enough to host big acts, but it is really a pretty intimate, considering it is an arena. I had really great luck finding a parking place at Cox Arena, so attending a concerts here has never been a hassle for me. This arena has a special place in my heart because I saw No Doubt here when I was 16 and I saw my all time favorite band in the whole wide world at this venue for my 21st bday. Yes, I saw the Beastie Boys perform. MCA waved at my sister. It was cool. And seeing those three guys  do their thang was much better than getting into any bar.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,6/1/2007,80,39,,11,12>Church.... in a movie theater! Who knew?Kaleo Church meets in a theater at AMC 20 in Mission Valley Center. It may not be your average sanctuary, but God's presence is not to be denied. I visited Kaleo a year ago after attending a local mega-church for several years. I cried through the first month at this smaller church (250-300 people). I had never heard the Truth proclaimed with such love, passion and conviction. The theology was solid and kicked my butt into gear. The people quickly welcomed me into their community, including the church elders who actually asked if they were meeting my needs. I had never been shepherded like that before!The music is gospel-centered indie-rock, often bringing a modern twist to old hymns. The sermons are always right on, sprinkled with humor, humility and repentance. My old church was great- full of a lot of amazing people, but something was missing. At Kaleo I have learned that if everything does not point to the cross, to what our Lord has done, we are missing the boat. I have experienced grace in a whole new way, and the idea of community has been redefined.This is a come as you are church. One full of people who share the love of the gospel and welcome the world.... families, skaters, strippers, professionals, the homeless, the artists, the hurting, the musicians, the elderly, the straight, the gay,  the kids, those like you and those like me. The Truth will no doubt be preached, but everyone will be loved.Don't worry about where you are at or what you are wearing. Just come as you are and let God take care of the rest. Be yourself. Ask questions and have them answered.I have definitely found a home at Kaleo, so don't let the movie theater atmosphere fool you. Besides, when else can you eat popcorn in church?  ;-)Sundays at 10:30 am kaleochurch.com
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2007,5/31/2007,33,39,4,4,4>I love pool. I love vodka tonic. I love jukeboxes. I love empty. I love crowded. This place has all of the above. Woo Hoo! Makes me SMILE : )(There has to be dancing or good food for me to give more stars)
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2007,5/30/2007,184,263,2,7,4>Had lunch here today and thought it was excellent. I had the pho #32 which is with all the different types of meat (tripe, flank, well done, rare) and it was great. Broth was medium colored and tasty. Came with lots of fresh basil and shoots as well. And super quick service...unlike some other pho places where service is a little slow. Plasma TV definitely helped also. Lots of sitting options available and the prices were pretty on par with other pho places Ive been to. Will definitely be back over and over again.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2007,5/29/2007,658,530,3,8,9>Marrakesh definitely has a cool vibe but the food is not as great as it should be. I grew up on great Moroccan food while living in NYC and the food here was average. The experience is unique but the Moroccan inspired decor appeared worn and shabby. I was hoping to sit on cushions on the floor but instead it featured loungy seating around low to the ground round tables. I just think this place would shine if they upgraded their menu to feature more exotic dishes done in the true Moroccan vain. The portions are also way too big. After all the appetizers I couldn't even get to my dinner. I did have a fabulous glass of champagne topped with a pink liquor that I can't spell. The glass of mint tea at the end was a nice touch. The people are nice, but the service was just okay as well. The belly dancer was beautiful but she was tall and skinny without a belly. Not the best I've seen.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2007,5/28/2007,90,253,9,4,6>If I were a 50-year-old single white lady with sweet lovin' on my mind, Albie's would be heaven. The two genteel studs on piano and guitar at the piano bar would drive me to sweet ecstacy, playing their jazzy tunes o' love, and the rotating cast of characters (er, customers) coming up to sing Sinatra standards with the band would be mine for the taking. I'd dance with them on the brown shag carpeted dance floor, gazing up at the heavenly portraits of nude women draped in chiffon, then float back to my booth where a stiff Manhattan awaited me. Did I say 50-year-old white lady? Oh wait, I mean me, last night.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2007,5/27/2007,249,153,4,8,6>It takes a lot more than Bettie Page bangs and a sneer to intimidate me, so the general theme of the Zombie crowd didn't make much of an impression on me.  I've only been here once.  A buddy from Long Beach had called my man a few hours earlier, informing us that one of the best live bands he'd seen in ages was in town that night and he was on his way down to make sure we went.  Who are we to turn down a rockin' Blues show?  We were pretty satisfied with what we found: PBR on tap, plus plenty of quality beer and booze to sample at our leisure.  The place is small, which is fine, and dark, which is also fine.  The staff and much of the clientele are pretty committed to their images, but only the college girls will give you attitude about yours.  The sound isn't great, but it isn't the worst.  If you're smart enough to pack earplugs (spend the money, get good ones and keep them with you--it's worth it) it cuts the pure LOUDness and actually helps the overall sound.  And that's not a dig at the bands playing.We've had plans to return since that first visit, but so far they keep falling through.  I think I would have really loved this place about 5 years ago (and I'm adding a star for that nostalgia factor), but now it doesn't quite have enough pull on its own to get me in the door.  But I'll be back next time there's a band there I want to see.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,5/26/2007,50,135,11,10,11>So I had my first cavity and I was scared... This place is State-of-the-Art and the only reason I am able to go here is because my step mom works here.. its like super expensive only the ritziest San Diegans go here... I think the Volkswagen Metro Man gets his teeth cleaned here...I know, thats high society. Any who, I had this cavity and they were getting ready to drill so I asked "aren't you going to use some anesthetic or something?" and the dentist said "oh no, its painless, we don't even use drills.. we use a laser, you wont even feel it"...THEY USE LASERS INSTEAD OF DRILLS!!!!!So I got my tooth drilled with a laser and now I feel like a new man. Some one should probably destroy this place though because I have hunch that this is where they will create the first Terminator prototype
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2007,5/25/2007,82,69,13,9,11>I am a breakfast food whore. And Hob Nob Hill is my brothel.No offense, but you have to be on crack if you think the breakfast food here sucks. I am so madly in love with their HOMEMADE ROAST BEEF HASH. It's sooooooo good. Their biscuits and jam (jam served in cute little orange peel cups) is awesome. Biscuits are super flaky and moist, and the home fries are made perfectly with peppers and onion. Going here is like going back in time -- sort of looks the way a restaurant would look if your great grandma were to open one. And the waitresses are probably as old as said great grandma. Unlike other people, the waitresses I've had have always been nice.  And unlike other San Diego breakfast places on the weekend, it's not super packed. My guess is because old people get up at the crack of dawn to eat their oatmeal.Great hash and eggs served with a side of "Sweetie?" That's my kind of breakfast.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2009,1/20/2010,110,140,10,27,19>I am in love! From now on, I will only purchase my bras from Intimacy!I had been purchasing my bras from Victoria's Secret and the underwire has poked out on almost all of them, which is a very common problem! I took damn good care of them, too! Therefore, it was time to get some new ones, but not from VS.After reading all the great reviews on Intimacy, I decided to give them a try. I made an appointment for 10:00am today, so I was the first one in the store. I told the girl behind the counter that I had an appointment and it turns out that she was going to be fitting my bras for me! Her name was Senna. She was so nice and friendly; I couldn't wait to get started!Senna took me into the fitting room and immediately informed me that they do not use measuring tape. Instead, they use a holistic method for bra fittings! Finally! No tape! The last time measuring tape came anywhere near my breasts, was at VS. I was given two different measurements from two "bra specialists" at the same time! How annoying.Senna had me take off my top and she examined me with my bra on. Let me tell you, the fit was all wrong! She told me that there should only be about an inch of room available in the back and in the straps (when pulled) and this was NOT the case. She also had me take off my bra so she could take a quick look at my breasts (don't worry ladies, they have robes!). She took one quick look at me and knew exactly what size I was. She also asked me what type of bra I was looking for and within a few minutes, she came back with a handful of bras. The specialists even but the bras on for you! Now THAT'S service! Prepare to bend over and have your breasts jiggled! :) Let me tell you, I was more than pleased! This was the first time that EVERY bra fit perfectly! I wanted them all! If I had more money, I would've purchased more. Senna also went over bra care and reminded me to rotate my bras and all that good stuff!When I was ready to pay, Andrea (the cashier) said that she was going to make a profile for me that includes which bras I purchased. If I ever want to go back and purchase the same one, they'll have it on file. Also, she gave me Senna's card so that if I have any questions or if I want to schedule another fitting, I can contact her directly. What a great idea! I walked out of the store with two bras, a pair of panties and some organic detergent. Since the bras are on the pricey side, I would recommend investing in some of their detergent. Being organic, it won't damage your bras and panties so you can get the most use out of them!Overall, this was a great experience! I was totally comfortable and I was not rushed or pressured to purchase anything! I would definitely recommend going to Intimacy, even if you can only afford to purchase one bra at a time. The girls here are so nice! They won't pressure you to buy more than you can afford, which is refreshing. It's definitely worth a visit! Your breasts will thank you!
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,1/19/2010,79,127,27,14,12>If you like homosexuality and large portions of food, then you will LOVE this place. The food is as large as your waiter is gay.I've mainly come here on Sundays after drinking binges 5 hours before. Apparently all of San Diego comes here for breakfast as well. If you come with groups of 5 or more then you'll be waitin' a while.I came here at dinner time recently and we were able to walk in to any seat.Enjoy!!!
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/15/2009,1/18/2010,720,560,16,19,17>Its a simple enough car wash with bays to wash your cars. You put in your coins $3 (quarters).  There is supposed to be a change machine but it didn't seem to work.  We were prepared with our quarters upto $6 for two cycles.The Carwash was not too busy with one bay open when we came this Sunday afternoon.  I guess its not as warm enough a day for most but it's sunny.  The truth is that I came to walk the dog and Brian cleaned the car, he has been wanting to wash the car all week and I allowed him to do so.  In the mean time, Apricot and I walked the block to check out the neighborhood, this is the same block with the two dog washes, one an old bystand and the other a newcomer.  We have used both before.  There were plenty of drive thru smoothies/coffees stand.  After 15 min, I went back to see Brian on the vacuum phase of the car wash.  I think this was an efficient car wash for a cheap and quick wash. Instead of drying the car at the carwash, we moved the car to the Dog beach parking and Brian dried it there, while Apricot and I again played in the grass and sand.Brian's opinion is that the wash sufficed but definitely, you need to dry your car since you are near the dog beach and if you want your car to look like it was cleaned, drying is a good ending.Recommended on days when the beach goers are still not in force to visiting the beach esp dog beach!
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,1/16/2010,722,527,19,24,24>this joint teeters on a 3 and 4 stars in my book...so the wife and i finished a long day of spring cleaning and rearranging our garage... so i didnt feel like driving down to plaza blvd or up to mira mesa blvd... but we were craving filipino food like mad, so then i remembered an ROTD about this place and we ventured out.the GRUB:- SISIG. 4 stars right off the bat. deep fried or roasted pork belly tossed with onions, vinegar, chilis ~ think carnitas meets ceviche. it was damn good and worth every penny.- ADOBO CHICKEN. spot on. and i asked Manong for a little extra sauce on top of my rice. mix well.- MENUDO. pinoy style. my wife loves this stuff, and she said this place made a mean menudo... i tried it, it was good.- GOAT CALDERETA. what. my wife is jamaican, and luvs her some goat... so, we were both surprised this was on the menu for today, but i guess not as surprised as the Old man behind the counter when my wife ordered it... she got the "pinoy props" head nod from homeboy. she said it was tasty but very very spicy.- their famous LUMPIA was hit or miss, we ordered 4 lumpias... 2 were outstanding, the other 2 were stale and chewy like they had been sitting a while.- LECHE FLAN. fuck yes. creamy, firm, and delicious.- white rice, patis and other condiments, sodas in the can, and bottled water available.the JOINT:- tiny. like 8 tables max. kinda homely too. like navy exchange plastic table cloths. and plastic utensils.- dark. they didnt have very many lights on (i like their take of being green and saving money) but plenty of windows to let light in.... so not a problem really.- LCD with TFC ~ wow wow wee.- parking out front. and its pretty freeway close.the SQUEEZE:- $5 dollar combo ~ 2 items and rice ~ what a deal.- they do large catered dishes... like a tray of 50 lumpias for like $15- cash baby.the FINAL SAY:ok, a decent spot for my filipino cravings... the Sisig was the bomb... but i like more variety (like chicken BBQ, Kare Kare, Fried Fish, etc) and can get those by going the extra mile to national city or mira mesa.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2009,1/15/2010,318,307,11,16,16>I have only been to the piano bar.  I love it!  i went in after seeing Robin Trower at HOB.  and low and behold there was Sue Palmers band playing and singing.  The mini crowd was amazing,  Sweet bartender.  He didnt give me shit for ordering a Shirley Temple.  Instead he asked if i was a DD and didnt charge me!  sweet!  i wasnt a dd i just didnt feel like drinking that night.  Croce's is a great place to watch live jazz.  I have seen Pocket there a few times.  I need to go and now try the food so i can give it a really great review!
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,1/14/2010,255,397,19,21,20>After nearly 20 years I went back to 94th Aero Squadron as part of my nostalgia dive bar tour of Kearney Mesa.  Ah memories.....The place looks EXACTLY the same.  Same decor, same WW1 recordings in the bathroom, same bunker-esque ambiance.  Same happy hour offerings and same smooth jazz sound track (probably could have lived without the soundtrack back then and now).  I looked the same too. (Calling Ms. Pinnochio...HELLOO?)It really is an entertaining environment and the server we had was fabulous.  The happy hour food was very tasty, the tater skins, nachos and crab stuffed mushrooms were excellent.  I am not going to wait 20 years for my next visit.Parking always is great here., one of the few places that has ample parking for the customers.- 1 star for the OCD manager who kept rearranging the chairs every 20 minutes.  I get that he needs to look busy but after my Patrick's in Poway experience I am scarred for life.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,1/13/2010,237,127,14,15,13>IMAX is the only way to enjoy your CINEMATIC EXPERIENCE!Somehow I was convinced by a friend to go to the 3:15 am showing of Transformers 2 on the opening day. And though I was dreading the following day of work, I can't remember a more enjoyable movie experience! For a little more skrill you get HD Digital, better sound quality, and a HUGE screen. Certain movies are just meant for IMAX!It was kind of a mystical morning. A ton of high school kids mixed in with parents and adults, couples, and a quite a few children present for the showing. A fight was broken up over who knows what. There was a dork that was popping in the hallway. I was about to battle that fool and show him up, but I had me a film to catch. When the ticket guy (what is the official title?) took my ticket, he was so pleasant it seriously made me happy. He was incredibly efficient and friendly, and for it to be so early in the morning it really was refreshing. He was all done up in a tux with a gold vest and matching bow-tie. He came in before the movie and gave a little speech on how to enjoy IMAX. it was GREAT! and I quote: "We can't protect you from the sound system." haha. At one point in the speech (at an appropriate and not rude time btw), I started to applaud...and the multitudes followed in turn! I love starting applause.The Highlights:- Megan Fox. O how I love thee.- The ticket guy was dressed in a tux; with a gold vest and bow-tie!- All the staff were friendly- Theatre was clean- Popcorn was goodThe Cons:- Popping guy. I hate him.Final thought. You're not allowed to save seats. It just doesn't work that way. If your friend was already sitting down and went to the bathroom or to buy a snack, that's different. But you can't save 5 seats for friends that haven't even arrived! I was happy I didn't have to encounter anyone trying to tell me the seat I wanted was reserved...the conversation would have gone a little something like this.Annoying movie goer: "I'm saving that seat."Marwan: "Nope."
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,1/12/2010,132,148,13,14,15>Dear Sipz,I loved that you knew how to crisp up the potstickers just right.  Crispy, making my toofus chatter in joy.  The vegetarian contents are very healthy and delicious, trying to fool me into thinking it's *good* for me, but i *know* the potstickers don't get *that* crispy without a nice helping of oil sizzlin' in the heat of the frying pan.  I enjoyed it, but I see what you're doing, baby.  *winks*I have to give you special credit for the noodles being bouncy and toothsome.  Udon noodles are often limp, flaccid, sad creatures to be pitied at many dining establishments.  Not you, Sipz.  Not you.  You know it's important to make sure the noodles are bouncy and toothsome.  Just like the crispy potstickers, the bouncy udon noodles left my mouth chortling and gleeful and ready to tango.That said...You're lacking a bit in the heat department- are you shy?  My tongue could use a bit of sizzle and fire, but picking 7 on your "heat" scale left me lukewarm, craving and burning for more.  That's no way to treat a girl, don't you know?  That's called toungueteasing, and it's not very nice.Your name makes me think of a beverage joint rather than an establishment that serves food, which is a bit misleading.  Not a crime by any means, but it's like posting a picture of yourself 10 years ago and 20lbs thinner on a dating site.  Just saying...The fact that you embrace vegetables makes me feel all warm and cuddly.  I would love to see more tofu dishes included rather than mock meat, but I know you can't please every girl you meet.  Bottom line, I'll be seeing you again.  I'll call you, okay?  Love,Vegetarian restaurant lover.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,1/11/2010,107,143,9,16,16>After 9 years of living in San Diego, I am proud to say that I have FINALLY found THE best sushi in the city. I kid you not, this is the best.  I dont see any other sushi restaurant topping this place.  It superceeds any other experience I've ever had in San Diego, heck even for LA for that matter.  I'm talking pure traditional sushi, not fancy rolls with clever names.  I'm talking sushi in its purest form.In order for you to understand the gem that is Kaito Sushi you must do the following1)  go there on FRIDAY at 4PM (when they open)2)  Be sure to sit with Chef Kazuo Morita, you'll know its him by all the groupies who demand to be served by him3) order omakase4) Tell the chef you'll try anything he'll give you, no matter how crazy he thinks it isHe has not disappointed me, EVER. IF you follow those 4 steps, then you'll understand why this is THE BEST SUSHI IN ALL OF SAN DIEGO.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2009,1/10/2010,280,432,25,28,25>I'm so behind.  Went here for the second time last night and it was great!  They are consistent in food and service.  The inside is a little small, but adequate.  The tables are a little small, especially if you order more than two dishes.  The overall vibe is nice and they have a small patio out front which is nice if you'd like to sit outside.Not knowing where to go for dinner, we decided to come back here and scored rock star parking right in front.  There was a man on his cell arguing with his wife? lover? boyfriend?  LOL!He: "I'm not saying you're a burden.  I just need some space."That's the beauty of cell phones...other people's conversations.  Sometimes I have my students do an "Eye Spy" and listen in on conversations and then write about what they heard.  I tell them if they are confronted, tell the person it's a free country and I can listen to anything in a public place.Okay, now the food...panang curry, pad thai, and our new favorite, garlic and black pepper.  We ordered all with chicken.  The pad thai noodles aren't as sticky as some we've had in the past.  We also ordered tofu spring rolls.  The portions are generous, except for the rice, but I'm sure they'll give more if you ask.The people are very friendly and efficient.  I like the very tall glasses that the Thai ice tea comes in.  This place has become a new favorite, but I feel like I'm cheating my other favorite, Thai Grill.  However, it's good to try different places and your favorites will always be there.  They've been open for 8 months, but we only just discovered it this past week.  That whole area is undergoing some changes, which is nice.Dang..I just noticed I said "nice" a gazillion times...gotta work on my adjectives...
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,8/22/2009,318,307,13,15,17>I remember my first love taking me here.  It was night time, which you should know if you listen to Ray Charles "is the right time, to be with the one you love."  At that time a young 18 year old lil me with someone special.  When you're there everything is possible.well no longer with my first love.  However again, last night, it was a night time again.  i was dressed in my fancy lil black dress with my red pumps.  Dressed for a special surprise occasion.  The man closest to my dear heart came into town for the first time since i was 16 years old.  He was dresses in his best leather jacket and slacks.  Nice cowboy boots and his raggy hair still cut to the shoulders.  Mr. Rite had left Canada for a weeks vacation.  His first destination was San Diego.  the first one he called was me. He told me to get dressed in my finest wear and i did.  He picked me up, and took me away.  First Dinner, then drinks here.  It was the most amazing time i have ever had with a great best friend.  We watched the sunset in beautiful San Diego.  Downtown and the Harbor were magnificently lit up an almost violet with small hints of a red hue.  ill be back again... but only in the night time...
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,8/21/2009,734,200,19,19,20>Blazin Grill is on fiy-ar! It covers everything I look for in a local eatery. The decor is nicely done. It's a very warm style with red walls, dark wood, and local art. The service was outstanding! We were greeted immediately. Drinks and food were brought promptly. The food is fresh, homemade, with a modern feel. I think the menu was done very well with a little bit of everything to choose from. I had the mixed grill plate. Short ribs, chicken, rice, and macaroni salad. It was all delicious! The chicken tasted like it had marinated for days! Just to forewarn you, they put sriracha in their ketchup. I personally really liked it, but my friend thought it was too spicy for her. The manager was very proud of their homemade ice cream and let us sample some. He brought out a scoop of the acai flavor. It was pretty damn good. It was mild, not too sweet, and really hit the spot! I'm one happy yelper with a full belly and a big smile on my face!
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,8/19/2009,166,94,13,20,17>This review is for the Torta Hunter!!!!   This place is a fruteria that serves tortas in a very special way.  They put slices of queso panela inside with chile chipotle and your choice of meat lomo, jamon, turkey, veggies or tuna.They use a bread that is not necessary bolillo but a variation of it.  When they prepare the torta they take some of the white part of the bread to make it less thick and be able to put more stuff in it.  I love it.!They also served some bagel breakfast sandwiches and crossaints with egg.   Yes they have tostilocos, agua frescas, licuados(smoothies), fruit salads, green salads, escamochas, and fresh juices.  Also they have bionics which is a sweet cream with all kinds of fruit.  Delicioso!!!
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,8/18/2009,74,74,66,63,61>"My car does not like going to that neighborhood""That "hood " has drive-by shootings."Hahaha, so many other excuses not to come to this area.My friend,Kim and I ate lunch here recently.  I had the pork chops, she had the fried chicken. The side dishes we ordered were greens, corn bread,and macaroni and cheese.  Each dish was 5 stars!The pork chops were so tender,YES, fatty,greasy ,tad salty,and so flavorful.The corn bread was hot,homemade and huge.The chicken had the crunchy skin, and tender,juicy,tasty meat inside.YES, fatty,greasy,and oh so good.LAWD,HAVE MERCY, I did not want to stop eating.  This voracious Pinoy needed this fix.Those were almost better than my Grandma's fatty,greasy,salty,homemade Filipino food!!And Sister Pee Wee kinda reminded me of my Grandma.She was very warm,caring,and very funny all through the dining experience.  The customers looked like they were regulars.  Sister PW seemed to know each one personally,and there was that "family" feel.As Kim and I got back to her car, me in the passenger seat, she asked if we could use my car the next time we come here.I answered, "SURE"!  (maybe just in the daytime,hehe)
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,8/17/2009,289,107,15,16,15>Passionate purveyors of piscine perfection!While Anthony Bourdain might resort to bribing suppliers for the freshest fare, I have a hunch that Roger and the Hane staff skip the middle man and simply bribe the fish... I admit I've never had my meal twitch its antennae at me (a situation quickly remedied via deep-frying). Everything of a palatable persuasion that passed through my lips on that otherwise inconsequential excursion was simply divine. And when the total came out to ~$50 for a chef's choice specialty roll, 6 unique nigiri, dessert (the chef's handmade strawberry sorbet), and a bottle of sake--I was more than happy to fork over the cash. And I would've paid twice over that for the quality, service, ambiance, and my overall elation at finding my new favorite sushi spot in San Diego!
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,8/15/2009,280,432,15,18,17>It was our anniversary and we wanted to go somewhere special.  We thought about going to Ruth's Chris, or maybe Morton's.  Then I thought about killing two birds with one stone...apps and drinks here, dinner next door at Hane, and then maybe dessert at Extraordinary.  After walking through the door at Ave 5, we decided to just stay.  Nice interior, calm atmosphere except for the screaming child.  I wanted to scream, "Hey if you can afford to go out, you can afford a babysitter."  The child also left a mess around his chair.  I use to hate that when I was a waiter.The hostess gave us table 39 which is the first one on the right.  You can see everything from it and everyone can see you...in my opinion, it's the unofficial star table.  I told the partner it's the only table I will sit at when we come back.Great wine list!  We ordered an Australian shiraz.  I hoped there was a chocolate dessert because there's nothing better than red wine and chocolate.  There is a separate bar menu, and we ordered the crab cake app from there.  Panko breaded and crispy, served on a refreshing slaw, the evening started off well.  I was also impressed with how the staff worked together.  I had the arugula salad with parmesan and the partner had the wild greens with goat cheese.  Both were uniquely tasty.  I would come back just for my salad.  I ordered the gnocchi and added the optional boneless short rib.  The meat was so tender and the pasta was well seasoned with a nice variety of vegetables.  I didn't ask, but I believe the chef makes his own gnocchi.  You know you've eaten a great dish when you remember how it tasted when you write your review.  The partner had the NY with veggies and shoestring style fries.  Those were nice and crispy...yes, I reverted to a 12 year-old and stole some.They have a nice dessert menu and we ordered the chocolate decadence and the creme brulee.  We thought the cake was good and it went well with the rest of the wine, but it was the creme brulee that was amazing!  So much so, we ordered another one to share!!!  It's that good.  I would come back for just the brulee as well, so a salad and brulee...when I want to feel healthy and bad at the same time.The service was great.  The manager checked to see how everything was...the server was attentive...everyone made it a point to ensure the dining experience was enjoyable.  It's been open for 2 years now and I don't no why we didn't check this place out sooner.We were told they have a brunch on the weekends, so another reason to come back.  They have a happy hour as well which is worth checking out too.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,8/14/2009,158,76,22,26,23>Uhm yes, what can I say about my second home? This is the only place I'm afraid of writing a review for, since I don't want it getting too crowded but at the same time they earn this review more than any other place I wrote one for.I've always loved sports, watching it (I'm off this planet for a while when the soccer championships are on) as well as doing it myself. I've done a lot of team sports, mainly ball sports and later on started with weights in a physical rehab center after a bad car accident, hooked ever since -not to car accidents but weights. I'm too competitive for team sports so I love the individual thing. Never did any contact sports, therefore I never developed good coordination skills. Starting (kick)boxing was therefore very challenging for me, since I'm not a natural talent with these fast combined leg/arm movements. After trying different boxing schools I immediately liked the vibe at this gym. Community like, very friendly people, motivated, and a diverse crowd. I started coming 3x a week at first, that soon changed to 4-6 times. It fits my schedule because they have classes in the mornings and evenings. I'm addicted. It's a great energy releaser and it's good for the society too since otherwise my reviews would even be longer (-oh no, that's not possible). It's a full body workout, with a lot of focus on body weight exercises as well as stretching. Boxing is addictive for more people, and people who do it are usually fanatic and it feels great to be surrounded by fanatic people. PB Boxing is kind of a hidden gem since the entrance faces a small shopping center and not the main street and they don't practice crazy sales techniques. You can park for free in the underground parking lot, they validate parking for two hours.They have a nice variety of classes during the whole day: boxing, kickboxing, muay thai, cardio combat and Gracie ju jitsu. There is also an ab class every morning to increase your core strength, which is very important for boxing. Classes are never too big, personal attention is important. They also have a small weight section and two cardio machines, but I personally prefer taking advantage of the location and go for a run at the boardwalk next doors when I do additional cardio (we live in SD for a reason!). I sometimes do this after an ab class while keeping my car parked for free. Bonus.What I like most is that the people that come here are as diverse as the trainers: my kickboxing trainer is in her fifties and can almost do the split. She is so sweet and brings me fresh cooking herbs from her garden. My cardio combat trainer is about my age and always pushes me to the limit (-hands back to your face!). Muay Thai trainer is a fighter for the Mexico national team, and the Juy Jitsu trainer is well known in the area. My boxing trainer always tortures us by eating pasta in the middle of our workout (there are also profiles from all of the trainers on their website). One thing they have in common is that they are all inspirational, push you to your own limits, each class kicks your behind.The gym is in PB but it does not attract the typical PB crowd. These people will be scared off anyway. Progress will be made quick when you come regularly. There is a nice mix of people from all ages and in different shapes, beginners to advanced, and it's also very women-friendly (a lot of girls train here, especially in the more cardio oriented classes) and welcoming for newbies. When they partner up, they will partner you with someone of your level/height. If you are motivated then it doesn't matter what size or shape you are in or how often you want to work out when you walk in here. You can try out your first lesson for free. I don't even start about the reasonable prices. 65 bucks a month ALL IN.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,8/13/2009,645,258,20,25,24>What is it about this place I love: First and foremost just driving to this restaurant makes me feel good. I call it one of those "Feel Good Restaurants". The view across the harbor is just amazing as people jog by looking as if they are extras in the opening credits. Right when I drive up I get a settling feeling of the atmosphere around me. We came here Sunday for brunch. The presentation was amazing. It reminded me of a cruise and looking out at the water. I had eat and peel shrimp, which by the way I could stay with this and be happy, Great salad bar, omelets, enchiladas, veggies, excellent prime rib, a dessert set-up to die for and of course I can't forget the mimosa's. A little bubbly never hurt anyone, except of course you wake up after indulging the night before. The cost was $26.95 which I thought was reasonable. I've been to places which cost double and wasn't half impressed. If you get a chance go outside downstairs and take a walk around. The scenery is beautiful. Please be careful if you feel a breeze. There was a lady looking over the side and the wind crept up to show her polka dotted panties. This was a great experience and I can't wait to go back and try the lunch buffet. For that matter I would like to go back for happy hour. Up top in the bar area looked like lots of fun.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,8/12/2009,415,328,17,22,20>Since my first review, I have had the opportunity to check this bar out quite a few more times. My visit yesterday inspired me to update my review. I had taken a 17 year hiatus from eating burgers... ground meat just was not appealing to me. Now that Rocky's got me back to eating burgers again, I have been on a quest to try all the good ones I hear about here in SD. So let me back up a minute. My initial reason for going to High Dive yesterday was because I heard they had Pubcakes in house and I wanted to get my hands on one of those delicious desserts. I also thought this would be a great opportunity for me to try their burger and compare it to the ones I have had around town thus far. OMG!!! I had the bacon and gorgonzola burger. It was pure juicy deliciousness! The fries were also so good that I had to use restraint in not eating them all.As far as the bar goes, I have been here a few other times for Chargers games. Man that is a good time. The bartenders dance and there is a half time show of sorts. It is just a lot of fun. Actually in general, the staff here rocks! Everyone seems to enjoy their job and they show it by giving great customer service. High Dive, you have impressed me and made it worth it for me to cross over the 5 to get some great food and drinks.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2009,8/10/2009,245,144,27,21,21>Came here with a looker that I wanted to impress. Left with Newcastle Brown Ale all over my white dress.Baby was a well-fed hot mess. Good pizza. Not too legit to quit, but Lefty's could sucka serve Chicago-based Giordano's its deep dished ass on any given day.Plus: Fresh, quality ingredients adorn these tasty, made-to-order pies. Minus: Da Bears mementos adorn the walls of this cramped, hotbox purveyor of palate-pleasing pies.Word to the wise: Order your slice of heaven to go unless you dig beer baths and knee-jerkingly haunting reminders of why you evacuated the Midwest.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,11/5/2011,162,93,11,16,13>This place is a fantastic date idea. I came here to see the Sade cover band which was fabulous. They book quality talent for sure. We sat upstairs, which is less expensive and also gives you better views, according to me! I sat on the end just over the band, overlooking the whole place. The couple next to me just had waters while they watched the show, presumably because while the food was good it was overly expensive and small-portioned. However, what is a dinner show without dinner n a drink or two? You gotta shell it out sometimes.... Service definitely lacked. We were there for a few hours and had to seek our own alcohol and water refills.Regardless, solid 4 stars and I'll definitely be back when I spot another performer that I think I'd enjoy!
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,11/4/2011,414,404,9,11,9>When someone says that they are having an event at the Grand Del Mar, you're in for a treat... unless they're not inviting you.  Then you just lose.  We were fortunate to have our company holiday party here.  Open bar for 1 hr, dinner banquet, followed by dancing and casino night!  So let's do this in 3 stages.Cocktail Hour.  Two stations to serve drinks in a small area but it wasn't too too crowded.  The drinks were made well at one station and not so well on the other.  I had 3 pineapple vodka's.  I heard from a coworker that the top shelf drinks were $14 per.  Very steep if you ask me but I guess if your'e in a nice area, that's all it is.  Dinner:  Great food.  What else can I say?  They had a wonderful shrimp cocktail salad followed by great seabass/lobster ravioli.  Lastly, they had a 3 piece tasting of chocolate cake, rasberry cheesecake, and lemon tart.  The chocolate cake was The fish was cooked near perfectly and the desserts were not too sweet and not too tart.  During the dinner the servers were very attentive minus forgetting to give me my coffee.  It would have been a perfect dinner had my other coworker not pranked me with salt in the water and my lady being a little under the weather.Party time: The venue was great.  The ballroom was very snazzy with a beautiful chandelier.  The room was big enough to house the dining tables, a band (with great acoustics) and the half casino.  Honestly, if I were able to, I'd have my wedding here.  TL:DR. This place is snazzy.  Wish I could afford it.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,11/3/2011,497,132,14,18,16>They have delicious pizza and pubcakes!They also support and show interest in local art and artists!  It is always good when businesses support each other to further strengthen  the community, and Rosaria's does just than.Good pizza, good art, pubcakes, and friendly service!and the best part is, im 2 blocks away.(like.a.bawse)
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,11/2/2011,656,263,15,16,14>Huge shoutout to Ben G. for his review and for letting me in on this hidden gem. Thanks man! I think I have died and gone to BBQ heaven. No more Phil's or Abby's Real BBQ for me, no sirree! What can I say than what has already been said about this place? Service is genuinely warm, a rarity in this day and age. The food? They serve delicious, tender quality meat, oakwood smoked for a whopping 18 hours finished with sauce that is the perfect blend of spice and sweet. Their side dishes rank high as well. Here's what we had:Tender Beef Brisket Sandwich & Pulled Pork Sandwich, tangy Collard Greens, creamy Mac-N-Cheese, and flavorful BBQ Beans & Red Beans & Rice. All fantastic. The topper: scrumptious Buttermilk Pie. Lawd, it was gooood! I should have taken an entire pie home in true fattie fashion, but I alas, I passed. Of course no meal would be complete without a cold glass of Sweet Tea. And yes, we ate it ALL. No shame in that!i605.photobucket.com/alb…i605.photobucket.com/alb…i605.photobucket.com/alb…But do you know what really made this an experience? The food itself stands alone but it was the chance to get to know the family behind Jimmy's Brick Pit BBQ through the eyes of Jim, his lovely wife and brickpit master himself, Jimmy his son, who obviously has a natural talent for producing amazing bbq. Take a look at their walls; Jim and his wife have both served our country proudly as Navy Chiefs (just like my own dad!) as displayed on either side of their flat screen TV. Another wall flaunts a beautiful photo of his daughter's wedding in which he told me his wife had sewn all of the bridesmaid's dresses. There is even a large photo of former SD Charger, L.T. on yet another wall, an apparent fan of their food as well as their sweet tea which he would order by the gallon. You would never be able to tell by their friendly, upbeat demeanor that they had experienced struggles and misfortunes during their business venture. Nor could you guess that at one point their location was once the home of another place called Fargo's BBQ during the 1970s. Jim had no idea until he broke down the ceramic walls of one of the spaces that lo and behold, it would reveal the original walls of a brick pit. Fate? I think so! And happy fate, at that :)This place has so much heart and you'll see for yourself when you dine here. We are fans for life! Don't want to take my word for it? Click here: sandiegosbestbbq.com
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,11/1/2011,1142,2218,21,20,22>Heeeyyyy!!!! So I thought about advancing my career by taking up pole dancing. And after one class, I'm a PRO!!! NOT!!! We (Sophia and I) signed up for the Beginning Tricks class with Marie. The studio is small, but the space was adequate. There were about 10 of us in the class with various levels of "training", and we each had our own pole. We were all wearing booty shorts and tanks - appropriate attire, of course... After some stretching, we were all ready to bust some "sexy" moves. I may be athletic, but I have to admit, I do not have the upper body strength to physically pull/lift up my own body weight. The moves we learned were crazy! One move dealt with straddling the pole, wrapping your inner thigh muscles together around the pole, crossing your legs and holding a pose. Another move was climbing the pole, straddling the pole, crossing your legs, have one hand planted on the pole in front of you and the other hand at the bottom of your bum (holding your body weight) as you grab on to the pole. Then you lean back and spread your legs into a "V". Lastly, in a semi-squatting, semi-standing position, you're grabbing the pole underneath your left arm, and then you kick your entire body up what looks like an handstand position on a pole. Your legs are wrapped around the pole and then you begin to slide down. You place one hand down on the ground, and then the other. Lastly, you slowly use your hands to walk your legs down off the pole. Needless to say, my thighs and shoulders hated me the following morning with bruising and soreness. What made it worse was that I was running in the SD's Rock N Roll Half Marathon the next day at 630am!!!I can honestly say that my pole dancing days are over...Too bad...
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,10/31/2011,647,343,11,15,12>Just when you thought it couldn't get better...Heated table!  This felt like heaven.  I felt more relaxed here than when I had my first pedicure...no joke.Kelly also has a "no gratuity" policy.  Interesting?  Yes.  Go see her to find out why :)
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,10/30/2011,376,293,11,12,11>We started off the night here with a bottle of their mixed red wine.  Don't remember the name, but it was recommended to us when seeking a smooth red.  Delicious and strong as I was a bit tipsy after 2 full glasses.The neat thing about this place is you can get a reloadable cash card and get 1 oz tastings dispensed in the center of the room.  Prices vary per tasting, but definitely something cool to try.I didn't eat here but the food smelled amazing.  Dim, seductive ambiance.  Chill, classy vibe.  Friendly and helpful service.  Do recommend for date night!
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,10/29/2011,489,320,21,19,20>FeBREWary Sake Bombs !!! A promise is a promise right Vinh H. ?? :)Compared to daytime hours, this place is poppin' at night ! That's a good sign ! Let's see...what do I recall ?- Average sized restaurant. Typical bar and seating areas. - Warm and inviting ! You can tell this is a local hangout !- Waitress was attentive - greeted and sat us immediately - we got center table btw.- Throwing edamame and catching it with one's mouth takes skill. Vinh and I lack that skill. I'm sure they tasted good though. - Sake bombs were strong IMO, but I'm a lightweight - I think I had 3. Lost count after 1. - I agree with Yoon P. - Enjoyed the unfiltered sweet sake thee best since I'm fruity like that. Loved it so much I even took a pic of the purrty bottle. Oh..and properly savored slowly according to Vinh Master. Conclusion ?I'm pretty sure I was extra talkative since alchy does that to me. It's called happy Shay buzz ! My cheeks were getting warm and red. A good sign of drunkedness. If you can relate, this is the place for you !Thanks goodness FeBREWary is only once/year ... I just can't hang like I used to. Will I come back ?I hear they have yummy veggie sushi items so Yessir I will !
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,10/28/2011,324,343,8,8,9>Taco shops in shady neighborhoods are the best and Tacos El Gordo is definitely authentic and so delicious. My first impression of this place is that the menu seemed very simple in comparison to other Mexican joints around SD that have a huge assortment of menu items. But, simple is good and the tacos spoke for themselves. We split 5 tacos: 2 Adobada, Cabeza, Suadero and Tripe. The Adobada tacos were amazing, the pork was tender and the sauce that it comes with is zesty and goes so well with the taco. The Suadero was definitely a second favorite of mine and different because you don't see it on menus too often, the smoky seasoning really stood out to me. The tripe was my least favorite because it seemed a little bland and the texture of it wasn't all that appealing to me. We drank horchata with all the taco goodness to complete the meal. It's just your standard horchata machine..unfortunately, not like those authentic bucket ones at La Fachada..which, apparently have flies all over them (I'm perfectly ok with that, btw) AND, I went back for a refill which..also according to some, is not allowed BUT, the workers didn't even reprimand me and I got away with some more horchata!* The only minor downside to ordering here is that they put all the tacos on the same plate with no distinct indicator of which taco was which and left us questioning what we were eating.All in all though, 5 yummy tacos for about $12? WIN. I will definitely be coming back here!*To be fair, I flashed them a nice smile when I passed by them again to get to the dispenser machine and that's practically a dollar in the tip jar.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,10/27/2011,971,479,11,16,13>LOVE THIS PLACE!Vicenzo Ristorante Italiano is by far my favorite Italian Restaurant.  The only reason why I say it's my favorite is because of  the PRIMAVERA.  It is a breaded fried chicken breast, arugula, sliced red onions, diced fresh mozzarella, diced fresh tomatoes, extra virgin olive oil and  balsamic vinegar.. Ooo my mouth waters for it.  My date had the PENNE MASCARPONE -  Yummy too and It's not to expensive.  The restaurant is well lit and the wait staff is friendly.  My water is always full (which shows me they pay attention to providing good service.)  The bread that they give is some what okay... not my favorite but the olive oil/vinegar is banging.  I mix it with the butter and it's a good combination.  There are seats outside of the restaurant  with  heated lamps. You can people watch =).   I don't mind sitting out there but I always get cold but from the inside you can still get a good panoramic view because of the large windows.  Valet parking is also available for a nominal fee.  (IDK the price because I try to find street parking).  A beautiful and rewarding experience for me.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2009,11/13/2009,4165,809,21,25,22>This place serves all four of my favorite food groups: Fat, Sugar,  Chocolate, and Wine.  They have Big, Awesome, Delicious, Fatty, Tasty, Yummy and Obesity-Inducing Cupcakes for a mere $3.00 each. They have a huge variety of cupcakes here...so far, I've had the Black Forest, Chocolate Rasberry, Pistachio, and Red Velvet...have yall met my bestfriend Metabolism?  He's really fast!  Not too keen on the Red Velvet, but all the others are absolutely fantastic.  The Mocha Cupcake is the upcoming victim on my next visit...they also serve other pastries, teas, coffee drinks, and wine...plus free WiFi for you coffeeshop squatters.  Nice, warm, chill ambience of an independent coffee shop with a nice interior and large outdoor patio.  Wife and I found this place on accident last Friday while walking over to Pinkberry...we loved BabyCakes so much we came back the next night with some friends.  Service was very friendly both times, as one would expect from a cupcake shop in this neighborhood...my sister in law even got a little irritated with me flirting with the staff because I'm married and straight...can't help myself sometimes!UPDATE: I ordered a $5 glass of wine last weekend...I don't know if its normal, or if the guy just thought I was cute, but he filled the glass all the way up to the top...WOOHOO! Love it!UPDATE2: Blood Orange...YUM!...Chocolate Marble Fudge...YUM!...Mocha...MEH!  Being sweet and flirty with the adorable staff continues to ensure extra full glasses of wine.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2009,11/12/2009,541,302,8,12,10>I was tired of the pizza routine after a night of bar hopping and club jumping, so I decided to detour to Funky Garcias.FG's was buzzing with activity when me and my g/f arrived. The decor is a themed ranch style bar with high seats and benches. The tables seemed really high, but my g/f astutely pointed out that it was suited for the dining experience of having the face close to the plate to avoid high altitude taco spilling. The service was great. Our waitress was nice and got our order in and out in a timely manner.Funky Garcia's has a short menu. The limited menu makes it easier for tipsy, now hungry clubbers to select something without thinking too hard.The thing that titled by grade to the lower hemisphere for FG's is their food. The mini tacos were salty and the guac was probably 10% real avocados, perhaps less.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2009,11/11/2009,240,206,13,18,16>It was when a guy behind me said    "HEY!! I saw you guys on Food Network last night! That's why I'm here!!!!"    that I was less embarassed for being there . Haha OMG I was there for the same reason! Came to try those catfish tacos that Bobby Flay had a throwdown against.the staff is all very nice here and i loved how colorful and bright the place was. But I gotta tell you..the best part was all the salsas. Tomato Jalapeno, Chipotle, Mango Salsa, Tomato Parmesan, Sesame Seed.. and they give you these frickin cute cauldron-like things to fill them in. Complimentary chips come with!I tried their beef and catfish tacos. MM they were both good. My friends and I were particularly surpised at how yummy the beef was!  The taco was deep fried though so every bite left me with a coat of oily lip gloss. If you come before 4pm, they have really good deals for only $6.49. It comes with your entree, a side of rice and beans, and a soda. I would definitely come here again for the lunch specials. The other stuff on the menu is rather expensive.. yikes. All in all, tasty!
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,11/10/2009,208,190,12,16,17>Mi chico especial took me here to educate me on the wonders of Chuao and its chocolate decadence.  "You'll never see chocolate the same again," he said confidently.  I picked out the Wild Truffle to try.  It is a cocoa-powder covered truffle that requires a tiny bit of patience.  If you simply let it sit in your mouth for 10-20 seconds, it suddenly bursts open, releasing its rich chocolate inside, flooding your mouth with euphoria...  Ahem.  Mi chico decided we should get a small box to share.  He also picked out a bottle of McMannis, a $13 cabernet while I decided on a coffee beverage.  After much deliberation I ordered the salted butter caramel espresso blended beverage.  Whatever it was I could certainly taste the rich, buttery caramel inside.The truffles are very decadent.  Some of my favorites are the Parchita, dark chocolate with passion fruit infused caramel, and the Cinco de Mayo, a dark chocolate filled truffle with a hint of lemon tequila.  Ohhh yes.  A whole box of those, please?  El chico loves the Chevere, a truffle made with a chocolate goat cheese filling.  Oh, how I wish had some more now!  And for being so inexpensive, that wine was very rich and smooth.  Wine + chocolates = the precise way to a girl's heart.  Among other places!
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,11/8/2009,204,144,23,25,25>I organized a private event at Bite for a non-profit organization that I'm a part of and I can't say enough good things about executive chef, Chris Walsh, and his staff.  During the event, we received numerous compliments on the food, the restaurant, the staff and how well organized the event was.  Chris was awesome to work with.  He took the time to meet with me before the restaurant opened to work out details of the event and kept in touch as the event approached.  He created a menu that was diverse for our group and was very accommodating to all of our special requests.   The menu consisted of Medjoul Dates stuffed with Gorgonzola and wrapped with Apple Wood Smoked Bacon, Saffron Risotto Croquettes with Roasted Tomato vinaigrette, Crostini of Roasted Garlic and Crimini Mushroom Duxelle with Melted Fontina, Sesame Seed Seared Ahi with Hot and Sour Raspberry Sauce on English Cucumber,   Pizza of Smoked Chicken, Vine Ripe Tomatoes, Fresh Basil and Mozzarella, and Roulade of Grilled Japanese Eggplant with Roasted Baby Beets and Spicy Boursin Cheese.  Dessert included chocolate covered strawberries and a variety of delicious cupcakes.  All items were tray passed and the staff made sure that everyone was offered food.  If you liked a particular item, the staff would come back and make sure you had first dibs on the appetizer!  Thank you Chris and the staff at Bite for such a great event!
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/1/2009,11/7/2009,286,192,11,10,10>More like Casa de Squeako...     Kind of fun to go to, we had a coupon, so why not?  We did find front row parking, which for some reason makes the dining experience that much better.  Hmmm, should we walk in the archway marked Cantina or Dining?     Which ever one will seat us outside.  You have to walk into the hostess stand to find a table anyways, so we hit both places.  The ladies were dressed in the full Old Town garb- all the way down to the white leggings and nurse shoes.  Appetizing.  They were watching you tube videos on their Iphones when we walked in.  Must have some good management.  Anyhow, we got a great table on the patio, right against the back wall where we could see the whole outdoor and indoor area.  Once seated you can't tell if you are in La Mesa, Old Town, or Mexico.  All you can see outside the restaurant are trees, clouds, and airplanes.  That was nice.       Our server, Andre, was very fast to approach our table, and he had a sweet southern drawl even though he was born and raised in SD.  The chips were warm and just salty enough and the salsa had good flavor, but not spicy enough for us.  I was gonna have a "perfect" margie, but we opted to get the large and share it.  That was a lot of drink (32oz).       The food- pretty tasty.  Something was lacking though, it wasn't the portion size.  I figure when I try a (new to my tastebuds)  Mexican restaurant, I should do Fajitas and 'Ritas.  So let's get the beef fajitas, and the Chicken/Avocado Pepita salad.  Good mix.  The food came out pretty quick, even though we stupidly always get kind of full on the C&S when we know we should stop at one basket...  Anyways, the taste was delicious.  Great seasoning on the meats.  Upon further exploration of the sizzling platter, I felt like there was a paltry amount of meat in comparison to the sauteed vegetables.  Not a huge problem, but they should charge less and just make it vegetarian because the veggies were great too.  Nonetheless, there was only enough beef for two maybe three tacos.       We did leave super full with leftovers for lunch!  No room for desserts.  I found one guy who was most likely the manager, since he was wearing a non-Mexican shirt, long sleeved blue button down instead of the white four pocket Guayaberas all the servers were wearing.  I had to call him over when we were about to walk out and show him- get ready- the rats i saw in the roof tiles!  He didn't flinch his Pancho Villa mustache at all, just kind of chuckled and said he would try to call the exterminator tomorrow.  Wow wow wow.  Maybe this place is like the movie Ratatouille.  If so, then I'm okay with it.  If not it's gross.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,11/6/2009,67,49,12,14,17>I feel like I should be wearing a scarlet letter for saying this, but I can no longer deny my love affair with Lolita's.There's an unspoken rule that one must stay faithful to their favorite Taco Shop, and for years that was certainly the case. In the recent months, however, I have been taking "business trips" to Lolita's for fourthmeal and have been harboring guilt. Their perfectly seasoned carne asada just can't be beat and their salsa bar is stocked to the brim with all the accoutrements you could ever need. And to top it all off they have self-serve fountain drinks, including Horchata!...All of which, sadly, I would never get at the other place. Whether it's their California Burrito or their Deluxe Rolled Tacos, I always leave the restaurant with a mix of both shame and satisfaction (not to mention The Itis).
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2009,11/5/2009,166,94,14,23,19>I originally went to this place with Bill P cougar hunter and our kids when they first open. We ordered two Pizzas and some drinks. They took quite some time to bring our food, the kids were starving, and I was getting upset. They brought our Pizza and it was burnt. I was so disappointed and told the cooks my kids won't eat this! Can I please have another one? They gave us a garden salad to hold us over and we were OK with waiting. I think the service was kind of edgy because they didn't have their stuff together yet! Today Sunday I wanted deep dish pizza so bad I took the risk by going back again. Yes risky but worth it. It looks like they have their service as well as kitchen well organized. We ordered a dish dish pizza with peperoni and sausage that was way off the map. Just Perfect.!!!!   Just the right amount of cheese and sauce with hardly any grease coming out of it.  Which makes me think they used good quality cheese.To start they gave us some bread bites with a marinara sauce that was unique. I am assuming that is the same sauce the put on their deep dish pizza. I also noticed they have new games for kids to play and vending machines to keep them entertain. Bathrooms were spotless! Their TV is pretty big and the have football on which is great for those who don't want to miss the game. I did noticed they have a bunch of excellent beer choices on tap like lighting, stone, ale smith and others for 4.50 a glass. Pretty good price for good beer! I think that the owners really care because I shared my experience with them and they told me that they have worked really hard to better their service and staff. I am glad I didn't yelp three stars on my first visit because that probably would of hurt them. I am a firm believer of giving new restaurants a second chance!
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2009,11/4/2009,246,264,11,32,20>I've never cooked Indian food at home before today and India Sweets and Spices made it not only easy but also delicious!  I chose to make saag paneer and butter chicken and Rajesh helped me pick out the ingredients.  He first asked me if I wanted to do it the traditional way but prefaced it by saying it would take 4 hours just to grind the spices so he showed me the spice packages that were short cuts.  For the paneer saag I chose a spice package but also a canned version; the spice package was low on spinach/mustard greens but very spicy whereas the canned saag version was high on the veggies but low on the flavorful spices.  In the end I ended up combining the two and it came out perfectly.I also bought some frozen garlic naan that only takes one minute in the oven to prepare and some yogurt.  I bought the smallest tub of yogurt they had and still I complained to Rajesh that it was way more than I would ever use.  He was patient with me and told me how to make mango lahsi and he even told me that I could call and ask for recipes/cooking advice...even while I cooked! ;)  Ultimately, I was glad I bought the yogurt because I needed it to tone down the spiciness of the dishes.  I'll use the rest for baking tarts.For about $20 and chicken breasts I already had in the refrigerator at home, I prepared enough food for about 8 people in about 20 minutes (although I left it to simmer for almost one hour).  These dishes are convenient because you can leave them simmering until ready to serve and the leftovers are easily reheated.I'll be back to bug Rajesh some more and to get the spices for tiki masala and chicken korma...and I'll try one of their many mango chutneys.I didn't try the samosa or the sweets since I don't really do fried foods or much sweets anymore...but I'm sure I'll have lots of fun discovering all kinds of ingredients and foods here...Thanks to my yelp friends I found this place; I never would have noticed it otherwise!  Yay!
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2009,11/2/2009,720,560,16,21,18>No - for 80's fans, this is not "the Apollonia" that starred with Prince in Purple Rain, but a greek city named after Apollo, the god of music, poetry and oracles.  And no, not Apollo Creed from Rocky I and II.This place was chosen for our once in a month lunch outing for work because our initial choice was unavailable to handle 16 people at noon.  And what a great choice (made by me of course).  I never have been to this place before but it was absolutely perfect for a large group.I made reservations at noon and when we arrived (at least half of the group first), we were seated immediately.  The service is quick with the water and the soft drinks or any other beverage.  The menu is very big for a bistro.  It has all the standard Greek dishes you would order and with a large group, you know there will always be different tastes and it worked.Appetizers - saganaki, hummus and  tyropita.  The flaming cheese was as expected.  You have to enjoy salty cheese to enjoy this dish and I do, it reminds me of the old quesong puti (carabao milk cheese) that we use to fry for breakfast.  Hummus was nice and creamy.  Tyropita was something different and was good, the oiliness of the cheese and these dish can overwhelm someone so order only one of these.Entrees - Mousaka - enjoyed by my co-worker, very rich and plentiful. I enjoyed a gyros plate, with ratatouille complete with tzatziki sauce and replaced the rice pilaf with fries, yumm yum  The fries were just right, the gyro not too dry and the sauce perfect for dipping the fries and the gyro meat.  I didn't finish it so next time just the sandwich would be sufficient for me but I do have leftovers for dinner.  My other co-worker ordered the Shrimp scorpio which looked like a Shrimp paella with rice pilaf instead of saffron rice.0Overall, everybody enjoyed their meal and it was a very good experience.  The room was decorated simple with greek murals of gods and goddesses without being too gaudy.  Pricing is reasonable because you can find appetizers or sandwiches within someone's price range.I will definitely go back again for the other dishes and definitely recommend the place and it will bring out the Greek god and goddess out of you!
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,7/21/2014,480,252,8,12,9>I like this location better than Convoy.Yes, I said it. While Convoy is San Diego's k town, and known for the best korean eats, there is something about not having to fight for parking, waiting hours to get it, just to get the same food that makes this place a winner. Add to the fact I live very close to this location now rather than the Convoy spot, and well it's not hard to figure out why I like this location better.Caveat: This will change, and quick. Once more people know this location is here it will quickly become like the other location, especially since this is a smaller spot.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,7/20/2014,269,235,3,13,7>I started Crossfit in November of 2013, and without a doubt, it has been the best thing I have ever done for myself.   When I first started Crossfit at CFMG, I was going through a difficult period of my life and having Crossfit kept my mind occupied and my body in shape.  I really cannot say enough good things about this community. Every coach I've ever worked with has taught me something about myself and offered useful advice regarding some movement. The people inside the gym are just as fun outside of the gym and I have found that people who Crossfit, tend to have similar outlooks on life/interests (We eat a lot).   In the (relatively) short time that I have done Crossfit, I have seen a tremendous change in my mental, physical, and emotional conditioning. I am stronger, faster, and more resilient than I have ever been in my life.   I'm looking forward to many more years of Crossfit and the amazing community of Crossfit Mission Gorge.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,7/19/2014,75,173,6,10,7>Look for the large multi storied mustard yellow building.These good people are professional and friendly, with a focused goal of seeing to the client's needs.I needed to have a wisdom tooth pulled, and they were there for me in a pinch. If you need to see these folks, remember to call and let them know what you need so you can make an appointment. They'll take walk ins but that won't guarantee you'll see anyone.If at all possible, go on a weekday...  if you've ever had to sit in a waiting room, you know how that can be a positive and/or negative experience. Thankfully, my wait room experience was a great one since there wasn't a room full of screaming fussy kids.They have dedicated parking, so no need to hunt for curbspace in the neighboring streets.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,7/18/2014,859,450,10,11,9>You know....I am a native San Diegan who has never been to Gliderport. Whoops. We came here when a guest was visiting from out of town. It's pretty cool to see all the gliders and to enjoy the nice view.  Would I ever come here again? Probably not. Don't get me wrong, it's pretty to see the view from there....but there's not much to do unless you're doing the gliding (is that the right term?).
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,7/17/2014,47,24,3,19,15>When I was pregnant I often came here for thre regular check ups. They are so nice. The doctor and the staff are so nice and friendly. They have made a friendly atmosphere where we can survive and make ourselves to keep saying yes, yes and yes. The staff and the facilities are outstanding. If would have to mark it out of ten I would give it 10 out of 10. They respect everyone and diagnoses the patients very well. This place is now famous around the town.
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,7/15/2014,426,172,11,12,12>I really love this place!I remember when I first found out about them at a local street fair years ago and I got addicted to the Kalua Pork and the Short Ribs. I started to visit a few time the location in Mission George and was really happy with the selection and the friendly staff. I'm more happy that they are now located close to home (92104) to me.Staff at this new location is great. They are happy and really energized. They have great prices and really good portions!I ordered the Kalua Pork, the the ribs and they were cooked to perfection. I really like the Mac salad they give me.The Kalbi Ribs are similar to Korean BBQ short ribs are amazing!!!I also ordered the Waimea Wings in Huli Huli sauce and I love the Glaze they came with... This location is fairly new and trust me they are working on some little things to make this a 5 star place. This is a new and fresher alternative to many taco shops in the area.I'm soooooo happy Chris' Onos Grind opened in the hood.Parking can suck but trust me you will really be happy if you fought someone for a spot.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,7/14/2014,804,248,8,10,9>Is it the absolute best KBBQ? I dunno. I don't frequent these places enough. But what I do know is, is that it is goooood! I definitely would recommend going all out and paying the extra 5 bucks for getting a better variety of meat option. I also recommend that you come in with the expectation of a very long wait. You'll end up either being happily surprised if you get seated within 30 mins on a Friday night or weekend visit or at least keep yourself from being annoyed and angry. I've experienced the crowd for both lunch and dinner....so take caution! The quality of all the assortment of meat, chicken and shrimp is great. Sides options are good as well, if you're into that. I am big on protein so the sides really don't sway me too much. I do like the slaw but even still with an AYCE for the price,  the good customer service with replenishing your order or changing out the grill, plus not to mention, that it's a pretty fun time, makes this place my to-go-to for KBBQ in town.Okay, now, I just made myself hungry.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,7/12/2014,231,311,3,18,7>Everyone turns their lights off when they arrive, they wait at the gate, & when the ticket person arrives, it's show time.  I recommend waiting in the center isle.  We watched the person who was on the left get impatient & started honking when no one showed up in the first lane on the left to start selling tickets.  We arrived at 6:45 for a 7:30 show & we were 3rd in line. The ticket person was friendly and once we paid, it was a bumpy ride into the lot.  We positioned ourselves in the center and it was a greater night for a double feature.  I HIGHLY recommend these tips to enhance your experience:1. Park backwards & tailgate. 2. Bring blankets, chairs, food, snacks, and more snacks.3. Dress the kids in the PJs so when the shows are over, they are ready for bed. 4. Invite a group of friends and park close, it's kid tailgating and it's fun. 5. Full moon nights are great because you are not in the dark when you are   roaming from car to car. 6. Awesome for new parents who can take their kiddies & still see new releases. 7. Hot chocolate is lava hot8. Pizza & churros are not worth it.9. Start your engine often so you don't need a jump.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,7/11/2014,1229,101,12,16,13>Whenever i'm in the area, I can't help but to stop by and grab a few banh mi's and some treats! Their blended/boba drinks are delicious and around $2.75 which is a great price.- pate cha lua banh mi - vietnamese meatloaf sandwich with pate. My go-to choice!- BBQ pork banh mi - name says it all. this is the bf's favorite- croissants - $1.50ish - Fresh and warm in the morning, they have ham and cheese, jalapeno ham and cheese (SO GOOD), chocolate and apple pie filling.- spring rolls - $2.50 - They make these fresh and in-house. Right in front of you actually! They have veggie ones w/ tofu, shrimp and meat, and just shrimp. Great price and perfectly made.pro tip: If you want to grab a few banh mi's to last you for a few days ask them to put the veggies on the side! (which are pickled radish + carrots, cilantro, jalapeno peppers)
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/10/2014,381,477,19,26,25>"The mystery of life isn't a problem to solve, but a reality to experience." Frank Herbert - DuneKhan's Cave?  I asked the owner why not his name?  He said Khan's Cave is much cooler sounding than Mark's Cave.  Man's got a point.I have been visiting since the beginning and each time has been a exciting culinary adventure.  It's nice seeing his friendly loyal staff has stuck with him through the years providing excellent service.Typically I visit during happy hour for the chicken gyoza.  It is excellent.  Crunchy outside and delicious and  juicy inside.  Best in town!  Next I order the peppery fried wings.  Crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  These are my fav wings in town.  There must be some secret spice in the batter that makes these wings so awesome!  The happy hour prices $7 for chicken wings and $4 for gyoza are a good deal.One time I wanted to try something new and chose the braised beef short rib.  Chef Mark really outdid himself this time!  I haven't had this dish since my mom use to make it for me years ago.  Chef Mark's version is even better than my mom's!  Both were super tender melt in your mouth but the flavors Chef Mark created were amazing! Another time I tried the shrimp fried rice.  Nice wok fried aroma rising from the plate.  :-)  The flavors were very good especially the shrimp.  Didn't care for the addition of corn though.  While very good this is a dish I prefer at Golden Chopsticks where the price is less and you get more shrimp.  :-)Combo yakisoba.  Excellent meat to noodle ratio.  The meats are all very tasty but the char sui is my favorite.  Very similar to lo mein dishes I've tried at Chinese restaurants.  Excellent flavor from the seasoning, meats, and noodles.Chicken egg roll.  Excellent crunch.  Very good flavors.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2008,2/9/2008,413,479,8,9,8>I am a frequent cyclist, and when I ride from home 99% of the time I pass this place.  I have riden past it so many times it is nearly innumerable ... and today ... New Years Day 2008 ... riding, searching for where I may have left my car, nursing a hangover and at the same time enjoying the BEAUTIFUL day that was this day ... I stopped in.It is sorta a throwback coffee place.  The menu board is not punctuated by Ice-frappe-mochahino-ish words.  They use only words like:EspressoLatteCappucinoMochaThat is refreshing to me.It was really slow at the time that I stopped in, and so I was helped immediately.  The espresso was very good.  A good old Espresso machine in the back (and they are frequently the best), and it was served in Ceramic without asking.  AH ... the joy.It was very relaxing to sit and enjoy the day and sip some espresso.  The clientelle are chatty, but not in an invasive way ... and that is a nice plus.  It has a real community feel.AND ... I did find my car.  YAY.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2007,2/8/2008,154,161,13,17,18>Definitely the dumplings - it's all about the dumplings.  Especially the xiao long bao.  Yum!  The wrapper is a teensy bit thicker than what would be absolute perfection, but not enough to dock a star.  Everything is very fresh, well portioned and very decently priced.It's always crowded and this last time I was there, there was always at least 2 or 3 parties on the waiting list - this at 3 in the afternoon on a Saturday!  The people working there enjoy the food themselves, always a good sign.I've gone twice now, with L. Joan, and both times, we've been seriously out-eaten by every single other table.  People seem to order tons of food here!  Every table was ordering multiple orders of dumplings, entrees and soups - and not in proportion to the number of people eating, either.  I was humbled.  And vowed to come back hungrier next time!
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,2/6/2008,0,0,21,12,9>The first time I tasted Mr. Ota's fresh sushi rolls and sashimi, I almost punched my own mother in the face, because I couldn't handle the amazing flavor. I didn't know what to do with myself, as I was bamboozled by a symphony of scents, tastes and textures that moved me beyond proper chewing. Sushi Ota is the food of the (sushi) gods. And don't you call me dramatic ....we dub ambrosia, which is essentially common fruits and nuts smashed together into a gooey marshmallow monstrosity, "the food of the gods," but I can't say that the most un-fishy, fresh, and smooth sashimi in the history of San Diego is comprable? NIGIRI PUH-LEEEZE!!!  Sushi Ota is THE SUSHI place to go in San Diego. Sure, the prices are a little on the high end...but it is so worth it. I've been coming here for years, and I have never found a place that will give you the SAME QUALITY, FRESHNESS and freedom of choice outside of Japan. The staff will also not hesitate to give you great recommendations of the day (please try the omakase if you are adventurous and want to try a bit of everything!)Sushi Ota's also have enough sushi chefs here to form a small army unit-- executing perfect recipes for your delight. MAKE RESERVATIONS, as this place is packed with salarymen from Japan making business deals in the U.S., families, couples, friends and work events that KNOW their sushi.My personal faves? The simplest -- toro, salmon, yellowfin sashimi. Bring your appetite, credit card, and a fellow sushi connoisseur. And leave your dignity at the door, you may be tempted to cry out in pleasure upon first bite.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,2/5/2008,143,114,3,7,9>Oh yes.  Yes, yes, yes.  I am in love.  I had their lamb tangine last night and will definitely be back for it soon.  Imagine tender, succulent pieces of lamb over sweet roasted carrots and butternut squash all sitting in its own beautiful juices.  A small mound of cous cous sits in the bowl begging to be pushed over so that every granule could soak in the delicious broth.  A creamy spicy sauce spiked with exotic spices accompanies the dish and allows you to adjust the heat of each bite as you wish.  I was in heaven and it took every bit of me not to snatch the bowl up with two hands and lick every last drop of that meal.  My friends ordered a salad (can't remember which, but it looked gorgeously fresh), a tasty penne pasta, and a surprisingly delicious bbq chicken pizza (I say "surprisingly" because I don't remember having such a good one in a very long time).  We had the peach and strawberry cobbler with vanilla ice cream for dessert which was the perfect ending to a hearty meal on a cold San Diego night.  Not too sweet, and piping hot.  Everything was fresh, tasty, and beautifully presented.  Service was friendly and just attentive enough although it took longer than normal to receive our food despite the fact that the restaurant was not full.  But that lamb tangine made up for that.  The prices were incredibly reasonable compared to many similar places downtown.  Their lunch menu looks fab and makes me want to come down for a cup of coffee and sandwich one day although I'm sure it's packed for lunch.  We met the head chef, Susan, a friendly, spunky South African lady and I made her promise not to take away the lamb on the menu - EVER!  I think I might have scared her a little.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2007,2/4/2008,230,224,5,18,11>In my opinion, Pho Hoa has the best pho in San Diego, though I'm sure there are those out there ready to argue that point. Order the rare beef on the side (#6 I think) and slide the paper thin slices of lean meat into the steaming hot broth a little at a time. They only have beef pho here, no chicken, but it has the MOST amazingly complex broth I have tasted in pho, with undertones of star anise and ginger subtly teasing the taste buds. You can doctor your bowl up nicely with condiments at the table such as fresh basil, bean sprouts and jalapeno. Cheap, fast, comfort food at it's finest.
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2007,2/3/2008,82,61,6,13,9>Years of dabbling with Indian food has culminated in this.  A modest, honest little restaurant in a strip mall in Mission Valley.I started, as I'm sure a lot of people did, by hitting up the ubiquitous Mira Mesa Indian lunch buffets.  Mass-produced, mediocre flavors and cloth napkins.  Then moved on to the "fine" Indian restaurants in La Jolla and Downtown.  Doting service, expensive prices and still mediocre flavors.  But at least at these spots you could ask for more spice in your dish - sometimes enough to turn your meal into a dare of sorts.After buying a couple of cookbooks and getting my head around how to prepare Indian cuisine I realized something very important: Indian food is very inexpensive and no amount of pedantic service justifies the exorbitant prices that the Ashoka's and Star of India's of the world charge.And this is why Tandoor is our go-to for quality, tasty Indian that won't break the bank.  The Tandoori chicken is juicy and smoky and the palak paneer (Indian cheese with spinach) avoids being the tasteless slop that it becomes on the buffet line.  The curry lamb is just-right spicy and the vindaloo, oh baby the vindaloo.  Nuff said.Don't get side tracked by the A La Carte menu.  It's kind of a rip and the meals are only $1-$2 more and come with basmati rice, dal, naan, and raita.I really should give the place 5 stars because sometimes, in our late-night, just-before-closing dashes to Tandoor, the owner will wrap up a 22 oz. Taj Mahal for us to enjoy at home with our meals.  Secret squirrel stylee!BUT, I have to deduct one star because the Sunday buffet is especially dubious and should be avoided.All in all, it's what an Indian restaurant should be - Exquisite and a little bit Shady at the same time.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,2/1/2008,343,421,6,5,10>What the pho ???? (pronounced FA)I know everyone teases me because I look like a total white girl. But, I am 1/4 Indonesian. But, that has nothing to do with my good taste =).  I love going here for the Bun. It is a rice vermicelli noodle with a mild chili broth, veggies and your choice of meat. I usually get the bbq pork and shrimp. But, you have to start it off with their spring rolls. Did I mention that they deliver? I wish I lived in PB just for this fact. But, my PB friends know that if I am going to visit them I am going to order some Pho Sao Bien. Minus one star...geez perfection is tough.. sorry!
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2007,1/31/2008,153,40,29,18,14>Bears...jocks...chubs...and cubs, oh my!  The Hole is just that - an open-air hole in the ground where gaggles of guys belly up for cheap mini-pitchers ($5) and hours of giggles, groping and grab-ass fun! Nino, The Hole's bartender extraordinaire, is a big reason why many gents (and hags) flock to this out-of-the-gayborhood dive for the infamous Sunday Beer Bust. This place gets crammed wall-to-wall with manly mens in every shade, size, age and coat...if you know what I mean. From an unassuming front entrance & down a set of stairs you spill out to its huge alfresco patio "pit" where the scent of meat is instantaneous, and not just that permeating from between these guys' legs. The Hole's  BBQ maestros serve up some of the best big ass burgers in town. Like Lipgloss, on Monday nights this place is poppin! Drag diva Ophelia hosts the not so quintessential Wet 'n Wild underwear contest where hairless twinkies endure an R-Rated Q&A before soaking down and strutin' their stuff on stage. Winners walk away with a few bucks and even more phone numbers, depending on how see-through their undies got.The Hole's been a staple in San Diego for years - as has their renowned Sunday afternoons. Be warned though, this worth-a-drive dive's new mgmt enforces some pretty stringent capacity limits which means a long-ass line forms during peak Beer Bust hours (5-6:30 PM.) Cheap drinks, great burgers & witty banter with an eclectic clientele - what a way to wind down the weekend - or start the week off with a buzz, er, bang. Go ahead, get your drunk on!
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,1/30/2008,5,14,5,3,5>The first, most important thing to note is that, so far, this is only place I've found that can fill me up for less than a fiver.  And I don't mean satiate or abate my hunger.  I mean, "oh, god, let me lie down and just breath for a few minutes because I'm so full just moving is uncomfortable."  And that is awesome.The second thing to note is that whatever Rolberto's hours are-- who cares, they've been open any time I've wanted food, at any wee hour.Sure, it's a bit grungy on the inside, but nothing disconcerting.  I'd also like to suggest that all the people who've gotten sick after eating here while drunk might want to reconsider whether putting a big ol' hunk of greasy, spicy Mexican food into a roiling tummy full or beer and liquor is the fault of Senior Rolberto or, perhaps-- just perhaps, mind you-- somebody else.  I've never felt the least bit sick after eating here.Well, okay--I have.  But only in the good and stuffed way.Oh, and get the carne asada burrito.  Its absolutely delicious.
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,1/29/2008,315,207,3,6,4>this little diner has a retro 40's-50's feel to it.  the place itself is pretty small and has that classic diner seating, a few pub tables (that seat 2), and 1 booth that has a table decorated with pennies under a glass.  the outdoor seating area is small and is basically 2 wooden picnic tables.  everything about this place is small and that includes their menu.  their menu consists mostly of burgers and omelettes (which is basic diner food), and they do have what they call their commonwealth classics (e.g., hotdogs, blt's, buffalo wings, chili cheese fries).  street parking is decent in this area and the price range for an item is generally under $7.despite the menu being small, the food here is pretty good.  the cheeseburger was greasy, the meat juicy, and the lettuce/tomatoes were fresh.  it was everything i hoped it would be.  the serving size was sensible (not quite small, but not big either), but that was ok because i had split half an order of chili cheese fries with a friend.  as far as the chili cheese fries are concerned, i'd have to say that they were pretty good too.  they weren't anything phenomenal, but still better than other places i've been to in SD..the service here is good, and our food arrived at our table in a reasonable time.  our waitress was friendly, and wasn't overly eager to be helpful; which can be annoying at times.  it was also nice of the manager (i'm pretty sure he was the manager) to stop and briefly chat with us.although this place is a "diner", it's missing, in my opion, some diner-ish features.  the two things that stand out are that they're only open till midnight, and also the lack of a patty melt.  i'm a fan of patty melts and was somewhat disappointed not to see one on the menu.  also i'm not too sure how i feel about the "sensible" serving size.  is it a good thing, or a bad thng?  i can't decide.* what i liked- cheeseburger- chili cheese fries* what i didn't like- open till midnight- no patty melt - the patty melt, in my opinion, is synonymous with diners.* what i'm not sure about- serving size - it really is an appropriate serving size.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,8/9/2009,280,181,13,15,15>I'm always craving for pasta... probably because I'm a 1/4 Italian. And Chinese food 24/7 just doesn't cut it anymore.OK. No.. I just love carbs. hahah. After a longgg day of work, I was hankering for some pasta and definately wanted it to be delivered. Etna's to the rescue! I always forget about this place, and the fact that they deliver always wins me over.So I go on their website to check out their offerings... is it me or did the prices go up? I knew that this place was pricier than others I've been to, but I also remember the food being well worth the money.I decide to get the Chicken Marsala and the BF gets the Chicken Scampi. Both include veggies, garlic bread, and choice of soup/salad. I ask to subsitute the garlic bread for garlic CHEESE bread (Must.Try.It.Now). (+) Garlic Cheese Bread(+) Chicken was HUGE, tender, and juicy(+) Chicken Scampi was light with a bit of citrusy tang(-) Marsala did not taste good and quite bland(-) Soup was wayyy too salty(-) $$ (Take-out dinner for two = $48, including tip)4 Stars for better food during previous occasions and the fact that they deliver! :D
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,8/8/2009,208,190,9,16,16>This place deserves another sparkly star, in my opinion.  It's been some time since I last encountered Toronado, but I was right on 30th, with some Senor Mango's in hand.  It was too easy, man.  I'm updating for a few reasons:1.  Smoked Mac n' Cheese in a three cheese sauce.  It's pretty freakin' delicious and it filled me right up.  2.  Chutes & Ladders! (and other games)  A bar that has board games is an automatic win!  To top this off, they added picnic tables to their patio.  Much better than those crappy round plastic tables.3.  Last, but certainly not least, their hardcore beer lovin'.  I started with a Hop 15 IPA.  The bartender said that if I liked IPAs they had Alesmith Summer Yulesmith on cask.  Automatic yes and so worth it.  Ended the night with a Trigger Hoppy.  You can't go wrong with beer here.  Ever.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2009,8/7/2009,2068,297,10,15,12>After leaving downtown, my buddy and I were a bit hungry and decided to look for a spot to eat at.  Persian came to mind and this place popped up on the GPS results for Persian restaurants in SD.  So I yelped this spot on my phone and noticed that you lovely Yelpers gave it some great reviews so we definitely had to hit it up!This spot is located right on Park Blvd. in University Heights, so any restaurant on this strip is bound to be good!Place seemed quite busy and crowded.  They have indoor seating and also a outdoor patio for those that want to enjoy the lovely SD weather.We got seated inside and service was quite good.  Service was good, they were nice and told us how long it was gonna take to cook up particular dishes.  Our order took about 15-20 mins to come out but it was well worth the wait!I was starving, so it was a good thing I ordered their pomegranate soup.  It tasted quite good, was hearty and different from other soups I usually have at other spots.  I got this lamb chop dish, couldn't remember the particular name of it but I can say it was super good! My buddy got some spicy looking dish with beef or chicken I believe and it was mixed in with a bunch of fruits like peaches, etc.  It also tasted super good.  Everything here had plenty of flavor and hit the spot!
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,8/5/2009,306,288,19,15,13>In California, unless you live in the uninhabitable desert you don't have room to store a lot of shite, right? Which means, why not rent? And when you find a place that rents beach cruisers for $5 an hour and you're friends just came in from (insert city here) it's pretty convenient.But what if you actually did have a bike at home? On account of needing to store things properly, it's stored up high in the rafters. So it's a pain to get down, and you're short on time? Rent a bike I say and from here!Today I got me a little orange number and me and my pal Jaimie cruised along the boardwalk which @ 3pm was just too packed. So we went over to Mission bay. Midway through the ride however I bit it good off one of those "high-OMG-who-built-that-so--frackin-high-curbs".The view from behind, freaked Jaimie right out. Then I saw them, the people who looked in horror across from the crosswalk as I went down, yelling like Darth Vader in that really bad Lucas scene, "Nooooooooooo." But from my angle, it was the best angle of all, not Jaimie's from behind, and not the folks at the corner across the street, if only I had video for what ensued, if only  . . .You must first understand, I came flying off the curb catching some serious air! I was just like my dog, all four paws splayed when he's flying off the front step, missing the walk entirely and landing on the lawn.Then as I landed (which is somewhat like figure skaters, the landing is HUGE, it IS key!) It doesn't matter how many times you practiced and you were perfect. If in the olympic ring you screw up the landing, you're done. And I do not want to underestimate this, let me tell you, I really screwed up MY landing today.Every douchey PB stoner with a black hat and long shorts covered in tatts saw the scene. Everyone gave me that look, the one where you look like you just got kicked in the nuts. Except I'm a girl, so I have no nuts, but they get it, it's like a "nuts kicker" moment.I swear to you, I could not keep those high beach cruiser arms in control and I went down! But then, I almost recovered trying futilely to land my feet firmly on pavement. But it was just barely out of reach so it just didn't take. I just kept going, it seemed like it would never end? My whole body hit the pavement very hard, but on all the pointy spots, all the spots you hate to bang.I remember it all through the view of my Bebe frames. I saw the shaky camera like angle the whole way, it just kept going and getting worse each second. Until finally I couldn't hurt or fall anymore, I was on pavement. Thank the good spirits of Mission Bay, it was finally done.Quickly I realized the light was going to change I had to get the bike up and walk back to the corner. No one laughed, at first, then Jaimie and I locked eyes and we both burst out laughing uncontrollably as we sat at the steps at Tony Roma's letting my adrenaline calm in my blood stream.I was pretty much covered where I hit pavement, but I didn't escape unscathed, the forearm got the wrath. Oh yes, the left forearm, it was forcibly molted. That's right, (to my real life friends) we are talking "Kittle-worthy road rash". So, I got up and finished my last 30 minutes going bayside. There were less people and we were cold maxin & relaxin lookin' superstylin and feeling breezy, albeit with my bloody stump for an arm.I think the bike was really just too tall for me, so I had trouble every time I had to stop. Take something from this review, and remember on a bike, height matters. They usually have lots of bikes to fit me, but it was a busy day so we took what we could get.This location is prime, a noteworthy landmark would be the old closed Dairy Queen, it's in that lot between grand and garnet on Mission Boulevard.I like this place because they are not like the deceptive folks renting bikes at Catamaran that made us pay a lot more because we were 5 minutes off from the time we had figured was an hour. Their fees are much higher at the Catamaran as well, but they have tourists who may not know to go to Pure Life. But if you're reading this and heading to San Diego, now you know! They also rent surfing equipment and other fun beach stuff.If you live here and need some fresh air, it's a cheap fun thing to do. Take it from me, road rash is also perfect for "Show-and Tell".
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,8/4/2009,595,456,13,15,17>Thank you Yelpers for helping me to discover this place. It is really that good, I can't believe it!  One star is to the Yelpers who wrote about this. Oh and I popped my kimchee cherry here! woo hoo! Never had it before and I hafta admit, I love it! I was always afraid to go there because houses made of Tofu sound scary.  I ventured in on Saturday because I wanted to try something different for lunch. I looked at my iphone and checked the reviews which were highly favorable.I had excellent service served with the boiled chicken, tofu and veggies along with their wild rice! I like how you can crack a fresh egg on top of your dish while it boils at your table. I asked for the number 3 spicy and I was not disappointed.I took a To Go menu since I am quite certain that I will be going to this house made of tofu again!!!!They don't brutalize tofu here... they do it quite well!
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,8/3/2009,765,361,32,21,25>Holy bust a premature nut Batman! Did I seriously just experience a foodgasm?!Since I've been old enough to know the true value of a calorie, I've not had much of an appetite for any sort of sweet pastry, but GAWD DAYUM am I glad I gave this place a try!!! Never have I ever found a bakery that made me more satisfied than this joint. We got 2 donuts and 3 ginormous cookies for $3.05. I can't think of anything I've spent $3.05 on and gotten more satisfaction from. The tasty treats that this bakery provides gave me true insight into the food obsession that some people are plagued by, and every single morsel made me wish I could experience such pleasure all the time. This place really makes me contemplate truly letting myself go and becoming a pastry obsessed, stretchy pants wearing, cankle having, turkey neck sporting, jiggly arm bearing, gunt possessing (when your gut is so closely merged with your c*nt that you can't see the distinction), can't see the color of my toenails, lazy and morbidly obese slob. Shiet, if I had it my way I'd possess more rolls than this entire bakery! On the real, you MUST experience this place at least once before you die. Just beware that one bite could lead to a very unnatural and unhealthy obsession...Gawd help me. It's a good thing I live pretty far away from here or I'd be in for a whole lot of trouble...well, at least my waistline anyway.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/18/2009,8/2/2009,281,408,18,21,21>Yummy in my tumm-y! Yummy in my tumm-y!If there's one food item this fat kid loves more than sliced bread, she's yet to find it. Which Wich gets the bread right and that's apparently a tough thing for a sandwich shop to do. I started out with a very basic sandwich because I have very little faith in the sandwich shop. I've been burned on a plain ole turkey sandwich one too many times my friends. So, I first got a turkey and marked up the bag with much delight. I love that they start the meal off by getting you high from Sharpie. Mmmmm.Anyway, I added all the spicy isht most sandwich shops don't have - pepper jack cheese, 3 pepper blend, jalepenos, and carmelized onions. Only the carmelized onions were a mistake. But that's my bad.Because Which Wich managed not to jack up a plain turkey sandwich, I returned. This time I was a little more adventerous and got one of their more fancy sandwiches. Winner winner chicken dinner...er...sandwich...that was for dinner. The chicken isn't nasty like at some other places (think of something you ride underground in NYC) and they do it up right. Additionaly bonus points awarded for the sweet tea option on the iced tea machine. First, you pick type - black unsweeted, green unsweetened, black sweetened or regular unsweetened. Then you pour the goodness into your cup. SWEET TEA people SWEET TEA at a place other than Chik-Fil-A right here in SD. ::does the conga dance again:: yummy in my tumm-y! yummy in my tumm-y! Which wich? This witch biznitch.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,8/1/2009,166,31,18,24,24>The aftermath of Brigette L's birthday party at Aero Club....Headache, cotton mouth, and turbulent stomach I was looking for the morning-after recovery. Enter Menuderia Don Vicente.Menuderia Don Vicente specializes in their namesake dish Menudo. I will be honest, I was never big fan a Menudo, but friends always swear about the mystical powers of this special dish. I decided to summon these Mystical Powers and ordered the Red Menudo complete with Pata (calves hoof).As I eagerly waited, I was served some wonderful costillitas (pork spare rib), tortillas, and a tray of sides for my menudo. The tortillas here are delicious, corn based, handmade and are some of the best I've had in San Diego.img.photobucket.com/albu…img.photobucket.com/albu…When my steamy, spicy bowl of menudo arrived I dug into it enjoying its consoling heartiness. Delicate chili tomato broth, nixtamal hominy, tripe, and pata all set the perfect balance.img.photobucket.com/albu…I'm not sure about the scientific evidence backing menudo as the ultimate hangover cure but it worked for me. I felt like going 10 rounds after I had this wonderful dish.Menuderia Don Vicente is the premier place if you're looking for a traditional Mexican Breakfast. In addition to Menudo, Don Vicente serves Green Pozole, Birria, Machaca, Chilaquiles, Chorizo con Huevos, Huevos Rancheros and much more.Be sure to get their early on the weekends or expect a long wait, It seems the locals know just how special a good bowl of Menudo is.
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,7/31/2009,185,61,16,20,19>Tucked away in a secluded little corner of City Heights is this gem of a restaurant.  I came here with a group of roughly eight people, but I think that's the perfect size group for a restaurant such as this.  Now, I am by no means a Vietnamese food aficionado, but I'd like to think that I at least know good food when I find it.The menu is a bit over-whelming to the little white girl that I am, but I'm adventurous... I'll try anything once.  So that being stated, I let everyone order for me.  They had been here before and were naming all of these odd foods that I just HAD to try.  I loved every dish we ordered.  If you come here, no wait, WHEN you come here, you must try the wild boar, tamarind chicken wings, and the goat curry.  We had probably ten different dishes, but those were my stand out favorites.Not to mention!  We each only paid about $25!!!  I got to try ten dishes, and only spend $25.00, ROCK ON.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2009,7/30/2009,859,450,27,30,28>This place was fun! My bff had her 22nd birthday here...as a good filipino, she has a great affinity to karaoke.I was actually late when I got there but I brought along my sister. They have private rooms so when we walked in, we were greeted by the drunk singing of 10 of my friends...lovely first impression since it was my sister's first time meeting them :PAt the end of the night, my throat was sore from all the singing. The song selection was so vast that it was hard to choose what to sing next. I have to say that the Korean video clips playing in the background were some of the most hilarious thing I have seen. No matter the song, the people were always bawling their eyes out. In one video, a girl was sitting against a fridge, crying and pouring a water bottle over her head...while her depressed ex lover (I am assuming) is pouring alcohol from a glass bottle over his head while in a bath tub. WTF.My favorite though was the morose girl in the flowing long white dress running down the beach. She senses something, stops and turns around. There at the edge of the water is one of those kids' rocking lamb. lolMy friends actually stopped singing when they saw it. wtf indeed.The depressing videos were so out of place when I was singing "Barbie girl" and "Wannabe" lolTo add to the previous comments, the soju was delish! I didn't get to try the food but the dishes my friends ordered looked good...besides, you can never go wrong with kimchi.In typical fashion, my friends sang a Tagalog song to wrap things up. As always, I sit there because I can't sing in Tagalog to save my life.
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/12/2013,859,450,12,14,14>Having out of town guests, Il Fornaio seemed like a great place to take them for dinner. It's cute, has a great setting and has a spectacular view of Downtown from across the water. I made reservations but we arrived a few minutes late and had to wait a bit before we were seated. All good.The hostess seated us and gave us menus. Then we waited. And waited some more. We looked around wondering where our waiter was. We finally saw him fawning over the table next to us. He was a cute Italian guy and the table next to us were Italian...they seemed to get along great, having a lively exchange in Italian. He finally wafted to our table, poured oil and balsamic vinegar in a dipping plate and wafted away without saying much.So we proceeded to wait. Another guy hurriedly brought out glasses of water and the bread bowl. He wasn't our waiter though.So we waited. We looked around to see if anyone would notice that we were still sitting with our menus. Nope. My bf's mother caught the attention of a man walking around. I noticed he was wearing a chef's jacket. Then I noticed it stated he was the head chef and partner.The funny thing is that she didn't even notice who he was. He quickly and efficiently took our appetizer order and brought out appetizer plates himself. He even gave us the apps on the house. After that, he took our meal orders as well. I could see the manager and waiter hovered in the periphery. I didn't expect to receive such personalized attention but I didn't fail to notice this probably didn't look good for our waiter =/After that, our waiter took over. When our meals came, he asked my bf's mom if we wanted fresh parmesan grated over our pasta. She said yes. He vigorously grated the cheese...so much so that it sprinkled all over her dish...and her lap and her jacket all the way to her shoulder and even a piece popped off of cheese brick and landed on her lap.  We all started giggling. Before we knew it...we were laughing so hard. When he came over to ask if I wanted cheese and I remarked that I was afraid to say 'yes'. He was the kind of Italian guy who comes off charming and personable...so I didn't seem particularly mean but we definitely knew it was intentional. If he wanted to piss her off. It failed. She was a good sport. She thought it was funny and laughed just as much as we did. After that he seemed like he wanted to kill her with kindness. He directed all his attention to her. He kept saying: "How is everything, SIGNORA?" "DO you need anything else, SIGNORA?" "How is your food, SIGNORA?""Do you want more water SIGNORA?"Always an emphasis on 'signora'.Needless to say, this evening turned around. It was comical and we had a lot of fun. Oh, and we also really enjoyed our meals too. As we were leaving, my bf remarked that he definitely wanted to come back.
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,8/11/2013,227,758,10,20,16>I've lived in San Diego for over 6 years, and some of my earliest San Diego memories include Crystal Pier.  What a great spot--the pier, the sand, the boardwalk, the nearby shops and hotels and restaurants and bars in the Pacific Beach community.There's a spot in my heart for each of the San Diego-area piers, but, c'mon, there's no denying the stench of urine on the Ocean Beach pier or the crowdedness of the Oceanside pier.  PB's Crystal Pier is just...pretty great.Hands down the best photos taken on my wedding day, in my opinion, were the shots taken on and under Crystal Pier, thus furthering the connection I'll always have with this special little place.08MAR2013 UPDATE:  My review is clearly for Crystal Pier, not The Crystal Pier Hotel.  Not sure why Yelp administrators either moved my review or edited the business name, as at the time I wrote my review there were separate review pages for the hotel and the pier.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,8/10/2013,117,52,14,10,9>It's the world famous San Diego Zoo. There isn't much I can add that someone else hasn't already said in their review. Every staff member I've run into from the operators manning the Skyfari to groundskeepers pushing a broom have always been happy to see me.  They were extremely helpful when I had questions or needed directions to an exhibit.  Sure, they might be that welcoming to all the visitors, but I like to think it's just me.  If you are an annual member, there's no better way to get some quick exercise in than briskly walking the many steep inclines within the zoo.  It's easy to get your heart rate pumping doing the giraffe - siamang - polar bear encounter circuit.  Parking's free, so give it a try.At least twice in the several times I've gone (I am a member with unlimited visits for the year) some of the animals were having sexytime.  Once I was with my daughter. As awkward as that moment may sound, I am not taking a star off for that.  If anything, the zoo deserves a bonus sixth star for allowing my daughter and I to witness nature in all its wondrous triple X glory.
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/9/2013,561,742,3,6,6>I've been meaning to try The Fishery out for some time so when I played hookie from work last week, I had the perfect chance.We were seated on the patio and were well attended to. Our server was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.We started off with an order of their Ahi Tuna Poke (ahi, cucumber, avocado, soy sauce, sesame, chili, cilantro) and it was really delicious. The flavor was balanced and had a the right amount of acidity. It also had great texture from the tender ahi and crunch from the cucumbers.My sister and I split the Shrimp Tacos (shrimp, cilantro coleslaw, salsa fresca, tomatillo sauce, rice & beans) and Seared Ahi Tostadas (ahi, pickled chili, shredded lettuce, lime & cilantro aioli). The tacos were jammed pack with goodness! The shrimp were sweet, slaw was bright --delicious. The tostadas were a treat! Loaded with perfectly seared ahi, creamy avocados, and freshness.My other sister ordered the Swordfish Tacos  (seared swordfish, cilantro coleslaw, salsa fresca, chili aioli, cotija cheese, rice & beans). The fish was well cooked and not the least bit dry.Overall, great meal. Each plate had wonderful balance and full of bright flavor. Only downer--beer and wine only.I'll definitely be back to try some of the dishes.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,8/8/2013,243,302,4,11,10>My wife and I had never tried Korean BBQ. With out any knowledge of what we were doing we dove on in like starved meat eating zombies.As they sit you down at your own little grill/table, they pass out a bunch of tiny plates with appetizers. There was a tasty kimchi, rice noodle, spinach, a salad, sprouts,pickled radish and a few we had no idea on but ate anyway.We picked a menu and ordered:-Pork Belly-Short Ribs-Beef tounge -Pork Joul -Brisket-Shrimp-Tofu Soup -Steamed egg...that was about the time we started getting full. Everything tasted so good, we just couldn't help ourselves. The staff were all very kind and quick to answer any of our virgin questions. Since there were a few things left on the menu we didn't get to try, I have no doubts that we will be back.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,8/7/2013,656,263,14,15,15>I believe I've found my new Happy Hour spot! I had the chance to meet who I believe to be the owner of this great place and had a nice little chat with him while it was still a bit slow. He told me all about their HH specials and that on the weekends that they feature a live local band which I plan on checking out sometime soon. Now onto the food and beverages!My friend Robin and I went there for an early HH: we shared the Firecracker Calamari, Skirt Steak, Egg Fried Rice, and the Ginger Glazed Shrimp Basket. I loved every single dish. And we had 2 delicious drinks. Only 2. Ahem. I had the Pineapple Upside Down Martini and she had the Mango Martini...both were tasty and strong to boot! When he noticed I didn't finish my drink and it had been sitting in the sun, he offered to shake it up with some ice to get it nice and cold again. Now that's service! I believe on TH-FRI they do $5 martinis so drink up. Responsibly of course. Parking is a pain but you'll survive. Here's a menu. Order everything. Because I said so:khanscave.com/foodI am actually heading over there as soon as I'm done writing this review. Check out Khan's Cave. You won't be disappointed!
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,8/6/2013,118,451,5,9,8>We came here before some painting event to get a bite to eat and a drink for their happy hour. I like the set up with a small outside area ad an open feel bar. There is also another level where another bar is located loft style. The back room is large and good for hosting events.Happy hour isn't a mind blowing deal. $2 off flatbreads and bowls, few bucks off wine and beer. $5 off a bottle which is good. They have a nice selection and bottle prices are already fair. They also had a special $15 for a bottle deal which was right up my alley. The service is slow. It was slow before it really got busy, and they do a lot of these events and should know to have adequate staff. The staff are friendly and I liked them. What I didn't like was waiting a long time for my food. I also didn't like standing at the bar for a long time (no line) and then having to wait for my bottle to chill because they didn't have their wine special stocked in the chiller. The staff were trying pretty hard and were pleasant to come into contact with. Bruschetta flatbread ($9 with $2 off for happy hour). I really enjoyed this flatbread. The crust was super thin and more savory cracker like if that makes and sense. The portion was standard. I'm torn, it was very fresh and tasty but not what I would call a value.This spot is a really great laid back date to happy hour place if you find yourself in the mood for a chic little spot where the deals aren't the main draw. A nice salad or flatbread with a bottle of wine could be a relaxing way to spend some time. I will return!
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,8/5/2013,302,484,3,5,4>A great small chain, fast food sushi spot!  And it is just about 2 blocks from my home!  I started out buying the sushi rolls, and found great quality for fast food...and decent prices.  The fish is fresh and the salmon is especially delicious.  My hubby really enjoys the rainbow roll.  Trying to keep an eye on my waistline, I usually get either the spicy sashimi salad or the Ahi salad.  In fact, this is one of our go-to spots for a healthy dinner during the week when no one wants to cook.  Recently, on a couple of the chilly, rainy days, I have been getting the udon with grilled chicken...a delicious and filling meal for only 264 calories!  The chicken is tasty, noodles are thick, and there are lots of fresh mushrooms.  I also recommend the miso soup.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,8/4/2013,103,159,3,6,5>Oh you feel like having breakfast for dinner? You know that feeling... When you're starving but you can't think about anything except pancakes and bacon but its 7 o'clock at night. Panic sets in... Brian's 24 to the rescue! This place is open 24/7 (hence the very clever name) and will serve you a Belgium waffle at 9:30pm on a Tuesday if you're heart desires. This places boasts an almost overwhelming menu with anything for anyone. It's my go to when I can't decide what I want to eat. And its super inexpensive to boot! (My review is missing a star, because the decor is less than spectacular and although the food is tasty, it's no where near award winning that a 5 star review would get).
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,8/3/2013,491,894,3,9,3>I found this salon when I was walking my dog one night and was interested in the design on the door. Procrastination and busy days have taken its toll and I am just now getting in to give it a shot. I've been in search of a nail spot after a few salons back my favorite girl left and I still haven't gotten over it. Va Va Varnish I am proud to say is my new spot. Forever. If anything is a solid 5 star it's this place. Upon coming inside the decor alone tells you there is no need to worry about anything being "seedy" or "unclean." The ambiance alone had me sold before I even sat down. Retro, feminine, elegant, classy, timeless, perfect. Love the pinup bathroom too! The music is also very relaxing. You're not smashed in next to some other girl and the salon space is far bigger than I thought it would be while still being intimate. The prices and services are straight forwardly listed above the register on an elegant chalk board without any surprises when your service is over. Once you select your service(s) they do not try to up sell you into getting a bunch of crap you don't want. The gals who work on your are all well versed in all and everything nails. Their practice is extremely clean with the disposable liners that are changed with every client and they wear gloves so as to not send you home with more foot issues than you had when you came in. It's refreshing to see a salon that is anti-Whirpool tub/nasty spa chairs. The elegant chair you do sit in has a perfect pillow to support your back without pushing you out of the chair. Love that! The color selection is great and organized perfectly by shade so you won't be browsing the black section with a sudden unexpected pop of pink. That's majorly important to my color selection game. I've never picked a shade so fast in my life! Love that there are no surprises! As for the nails, I got the not so basic mani/pedi and this is definitely approrpiately named. I figured I'd start out on the bottom of the services and work my way up if need me. Not so basic is the most approrpiate name because it gets the job done without making you feel like you got jipped. My pedicure/manicure ended right around the same time so I wasn't stuck waiting for the other one. Just did a simple but gorgeous mauve color for my toes and left my fingers bare considering I tend to give them a beating at work. I also love that if you want to bedazzle your nails and do all kinds of cutesy wootsy stuff they do it. You name it, they do it. Love that for those splurge trips.When you're done with your services they don't rush you out but allow you to soak in your zen like state for as long as you'd like. Be sure to check out the adorable little boutique in the front half of the salon. Great for gifts for others or for yourself. I also am a huge fan of the military discount, 15% at that. That's a rare luxury to find in a salon and a discount higher than most offer. Greatly appreciate that! Discounts are available for your first time visit, Yelp check in's, etc, but the military one is the best. Other cool services they offer here are if you don't have a sack of change for the meter they will load it up for you and just charge your debit card to what you owe instead of stressing out if your pedicure is going longer than your pennies stretched. After everything is all said and done with the discount I was out before tip for 55 bucks. So well worth every penny. Tip these ladies well, they deserve it. So glad to find my new nail spot AND before I forget can I tell you they are dog friendly!!!!!! Yes. That's another five star move from these ladies. Bring in your behaved little baby to your service and they can relax on your lap. Love this!
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,9/1/2011,4994,169,13,31,27>Wow, I am shocked.  I must say, when you first take a look at this place from the outside, it looks a little scary.  It just looks like a hole in the wall.Believe me when I say, this is one of the best fish places in downtown.  The food is great, cooked by the owner, and the fish is fresh.  And by the way, the price for your fresh fish is the lowest in San Diego!  Seriously, I don't know how they do it, but this is the place to go for great fish at the lowest price.They also have some really good beer on draft.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,8/31/2011,156,148,7,19,16>If all vegetarian food tasted this good it would be really easy for me to be a vegetarian.The mock meats taste real and I swear that the salt and pepper shrimp is made out of real shrimp. The sushi here is really unique because they use mushrooms and mock meats instead of fish or eel. I really like the caterpillar roll. I think I've been here 5-6 times and each visit I have a new favorite thing on the menu.Service here is good and parking is plentiful. This place is definitely worth a try, especially if you want to convince someone about how good vegetarian food can be.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,8/30/2011,722,1124,22,18,18>Smell your fingers!!!!If your fingers still smell 48 hours after eating here, then you know it was a pretty good meal, right?Though my friend told me to wash my hands, and low and behold, the smell went away...ahhh washing hands...this new innovation. But sometimes you just have to forgo this weekly routine and just let that smell linger for awhile just so you can still have that Crab smell in your system a little while longer.On this visit, I got to share the boat sampler, a pound of shrimp and a pound of king crab legs with Bernadette M. and Martin L. and I have to say that there were way too much food for just the three of us. I think they get you with the boat sampler because it fills you up quickly and you have a lot less opportunity to finish off the main meals. So although the boat sampler was great it may be something to just skip on your next visit to the Crab Hut.And as for the shrimp and the crab legs, well those gave me my signature moans that only a few a dishes have given me. Yes, sorry I moan when I chew, but luckily it's only happened on really good comforting food. Oh and thank you friends for not audio taping it either. The meats went well with their endless supplies of lemon wedges and their pre-mixed salt and pepper seasoning...ahhh yah. Bet ya 5 bucks you're salivating now huh!!!Now go get crabs...and smell your fingers too.
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,8/29/2011,433,177,12,20,18>What a gem! I felt like I was transported in time when my husband and I walked in this place for breakfast on a Wed morning. There was no line and we were seated promptly by Sarah, our waitress. The decor has that "old school" look and feel fom days passed and it shows as I look around at the "regular" customers. There were 5 other couples in the restaurant, all in their senior years. There was an elderly couple that walked in after us and my eyes were glued as I observed the gentleman pulling out his seat to his wife and says, "After you, my bride" and the wife just laughs as she is seated. We were seated by the window and several times over, we got a glimpse of incoming airplanes about to land towards Lindbergh Field in the distance. Their breakfast menu is pretty standard of any other breakfast restaurants but it was the hospitality and the efficiency of the employees that really stood out for me. I noticed the moment we were seated and Sarah greeted us with her smile and charm. I can sense that she has been working for this restaurant a long time as she threw out immediate suggestions to our questions on the menu. I noticed how the other staff members quickly refilled our drinks on cue and the busboys efficiently overturned the tables. Even as we finished our meals and spoke with the cashier, she says, "I can tell this is your first time here. I hope you enjoyed our restaurant and please come again in the future." Useful FYIs: Breakfast menus until 11am, however breakfast items is served all day. After 11am, is their lunch menu. Dinner menu is at 4pm. So I hear Tuesday specials are pretty popular here because their special of "Braised Short Ribs of Beef" is a favorite according to the other customers and a review from the San Diego Union Tribune. Also, Guy from the Food Network did a feature on this restaurant for the show, "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives"Recommendation: HIGH. Will definitely come again for lunch and dinner in the future.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,8/28/2011,242,2016,14,14,15>1000 reviews in and I figured number 1000 would be about pizza.Flippin' Pizza is the sister store of Knockout Pizza in Carlsbad.  And in my honest opinion, it puts out a better slice than their older sibling.  I tried the cheese slice and white pizza.The cheese slice was perfectly crispy, perfectly hot, and perfectly flavored.  The white pizza was topped with 3 cheeses and basil.  You won't find any tomato sauce on this slice but you will find tons of flavor.  The crunch and crust were outstanding as well.I wasn't hungry so my opinion was not swayed by it.  I was actually on the cusp of being full as I had visited a pizza place less than an hour before.  But I couldn't pass it up, especially when my GF reminded me that it was the sister store of Knockout.As of today, this is the best slice of pizza I've had in California.  The best.So why not 5-stars?  Because they can't beat Pizza Town (Elmwood Park, NJ) in quality or ambiance.  And they can't beat Turtle's Pizza (Hackensack, NJ) on price.  Let me blow your mind for a second...at Turtle's Pizza you can get 2 cheese slices and a soda for LESS THAN 3 DOLLARS!!!!While this was my first time at Flippin' I know that this flavor and finish is not a fluke.  Knockout puts out a great slice.  But Flippin' is a level better.  The slices I ordered came from pies that had been out for at least 45 minutes.  However, when they were reheated the finish was indiscernible from a fresh pie.I'm coming back.It tastes too much like home...
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,8/27/2011,174,67,20,12,11>You really ought to prep yourself before coming to this place.  Some words of advice: 1.  Make sure you wear sweat pants or any sort of pants that have an elastic band for the waist.2. Bring a big appetite 3. Sweat bands are also a good idea (you may get the meat sweats)( I came here after work so I wore skinny jeans and heels it was definitely not a pretty picture)This hidden jewel is smack dab in the middle of all the little Asian joints. Good location but good luck finding parking.  Actually better yet park far and walk here because you're going to need to walk off what you ate.I wanted to eat here last week because of all the good reviews I saw on Yelp.  They didn't have any photos of the food so we just ordered off the menu.  We ordered the Pastrami Rachel, The Texas Burger, sweet potato fries, and a Diet Coke to balance everything out. Ha ha. Didn't take long for the food to come out.  The sweet potato fries came out first they were on point.  When they brought our burgers me and my friend glanced at each other and muttered "HOLY S*&%!" We immediately brought out our phones and started taking pictures of the food because it looked so awesome we had to post it on Facebook right away. LOL. The Pastrami Rachel is what I had.  The quality of the sandwich was above and beyond my expectations.  Not only was it big but it tasted really good too. (That's what she said)  Two big slices of sour dough and stacked in between was a bed of sweet coleslaw, crispy  fries, good pastrami, tons of melted cheese.  This sandwich was literally the size of my head.  There was no way that I could have picked it up and put it in my mouth. Although I could have but I didn't want to because the boy sitting next to me was really cute.  Next time... By the time I was done eating this it didn't even look like I put a dent in it.    My friend ordered the Texas Burger.  The burger wasn't nearly as big was the massive sandwich I ordered but it was really good.  Good bun, fresh lettuce, tomato, two big crispy golden onion rings, BBQ sauce, and to top it off the burger was two patties with cheese melted on the inside so that when you bite into it all the hot cheesy goodness gets all over your chin.  My friend had cheesy goodness all over his face but he looked happy so I didn't say anything.   This place is awesome.  Next time I come back I'll be prepared...
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,8/26/2011,282,197,13,14,11>Just tried the ever so easy take out option at Phil's. We phoned it in and waited 10 minutes or so. Upon arriving at our humble abode I started to worry about the bread maintaining its freshness and the soggy, sloppy thoughts started to haunt my taste buds.HOLY BAT SH*T BATMAN! Its still good! The onion rings were still crispy and hot. The fries on the other hand steamed a lil' in the box. The Broham maintained its deliciousness and that my friend is effin' take out!!!P.S.Keep in mind... Phil's is located in Sports Arena... I live in Tierrasanta!
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,8/25/2011,162,93,14,13,16>I came here on a date awhile back and I still remember my dinner here with such fondness that I thought I should write a review! I loved, loved, loved it. Like other ethiopian places I have tried, they are very adamant about NOT giving you forks. The owner actually came over and joked about how it is so much better to eat this food with your hands because eating it is a communal activity (something along those lines), and how we could feed each other and it would be sooooo romantic. So we did, haha, not gonna lie-- and yeah it was fun but not so romantic because we giggled the whole time ... but enough about me, tell me more about YOU! Moving on, the food was very tasty, and the owner seemed to really like us because he kept coming back to chat and share the story of the roots of this restaurant, etc. The waitress (really cool chick) did the same, and sat down with us to chat at lenght about the menu. It was great, we left feeling like we had just been pampered and the whole experience just felt very personal and special.ps, we sampled some of their honey wine. YUM! I want to go back for an actual glass one of these days :)
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,8/24/2011,1142,2218,15,18,20>P&P = Pizza and Pubcakes... Came in for a snack and walked out with an experience. We ordered (NYC style) pizza slices (2 slices and a drink for $5) - one with pepperoni and one with Italian sausage. If you check in on the Yelp appy, you get a free Pubcake or Cakeball. COOL... Since my birthday was coming up, I ended up getting a smorgasbord of Pubcakes and Cakeballs. Thanks guise!!!Pizza came out piping hot. A bit undercooked, but my bad since I didn't mention "well done" as I'm accustomed to when ordering pizza. The owner then asked if I wanted to make my own pizza - UGH YAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!! I've never made pizza before and I had such a good time making it!!!We trademarked our pizza the "Mandy Special" - Mozz cheese, pepperoni decorated in a "M", Italian sausage, mushroom, and a touch of bell pepper for color. Must order it well done!It was DELISH!!! BEST PIZZA EVAAAA - and not because I made it ;)Not sure if the "Mandy Special" will be a frequent on the menu, but perhaps with a little persuasion, it'll be available soon!
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,8/23/2011,647,343,12,15,11>I found this tucked away place through purchasing a Living Social coupon for the Cherry Bomb Brazilian.  The Cherry Bomb is normally $50, but the LS special was for $20.  If you, how should I put this -- "take regular trips to Brazil", don't worry -- you read that right...$20.  File this under, "You can't afford NOT to."I called the morning of, and got lucky I think, after reading all the other reviews about scheduling nightmares, but she took me the same afternoon.  I didn't have any problem.Usually, when you're using the word "bomb" in reference to something that is being done to your private parts, that can never be a good thing.  But fear not, the Cherry Bomb treatment was actually pretty cool.  AND PAINLESS!  Ok, relatively.  It's basically a hard wax treatment instead of strip wax, although some of that is involved, too.Yvonne was very friendly and knowledgeable.  I got a brief tutorial on the hair growth cycles (i.e., when you should wax, and why) and the merits of strip wax versus hard wax.  It was my first time with the hard wax.  The hard wax is used for your more sensitive areas.  It's just like a putty, so to speak.  It goes directly onto your skin, and the waxer peels it off.  The hair is stuck to the wax.  Here's the best part -- it did not hurt.  At all.  Granted, I have a pretty high pain tolerance, so if you're skeptical, we'll take the relativity approach-- I can say that it hurts a lot, lot less than the strip wax.  If you're a first time waxer and/or worried about pain, I would definitely recommend the hard wax method.  Here, it's $5 more expensive than the regular Brazilian.I also really liked the fact that she laid down a paper cover on the bed - like the kind you find at a doctor's office.  It may not be as aesthetically pleasing, but for me, making sure the environment is CLEAN is way more important.  It's sketchy when you lay down on towels and you're not sure if they've been changed up between clients.  Eww.  Just...eww.The only reason why I took off a star was that the cleanup after the waxing was not the best.  I was left in the room by myself and a warm, moist towel with wax remover to "clean up".  Either the wax remover was weak, or there wasn't enough on the towel, and I didn't feel comfortable rifling through the bottles and cabinets to find more wax remover.  That made for a fun, awkward trip home to clean off in my own shower.Yvonne did mention there were pricing specials going on all the time, like 50% off for your 2nd wax, which is pretty awesome.  It's worth checking out the website.I'll be back for sure, especially if there are specials, and with some suggestions for cleanup after the uh, cleanup.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,2/11/2011,182,48,10,18,16>I ate dinner here after a long day of sightseeing. This place has multiple levels, but we ate on the roof-top terrace with a view of the Pacific. We were also lucky enough to have a seat near the edge so we had a unobstructed view of the sunset. The food was great and the service was even better. We had their famous signature soup, and when we told the waitress how much we loved it she informed us that they would be willing to share the recipe. We were happy and will attempt the recipe soon!
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,2/10/2011,1800,266,14,20,17>So not only does this store have an AMAZING selection and was IMPECCABLY organized but Liz, the owner absolutely goes above and beyond with her service.Why I trust the Google Maps app on my Blackberry anymore, I dont know. That damn thing couldnt find my way out of a wet paper sack open on both ends if I needed it to! SO if you are using this app...dont trust it to help you find your way from Mission Valley to this store.HOWEVER, when I finally broke down and called the store for assistance, Liz went above and beyond to navigate me to her paper/sticker awesomeness. She stayed on the phone with me the entire time I was driving to make sure I made it to the store unscathed. Who does that?!?! It was really something I appreciated.As far as the selection, its bomb! She has hundreds and hundreds of different paper variations, TONS of rhinestones which are my ultimate nerd weakness and lots of stickers. And for someone as OCD about organization as I am, I wouldnt have changed a thing in there!If youre a crazy scapper like me, this is a great place to go. There are tons and tons of displays to give you ideas and Liz was never too far or too busy to answer a question whether it be product knowledge or just an opinion.As far as her pricing, she is priced the same as Michaels and other stores on many things. In every store you get what you pay for. Michaels is cheaper on some things, for sure, but their selection is not even a fraction of what you find here. Overall, I am so happy to have found somewhere aside from Michaels to get my crafty goodness. (ESPECIALLY now that I know where it is!!)Thanks, Liz!
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,2/9/2011,255,397,11,16,14>We have been snarfeling up Mario's Pizza since they opened and I am sure that 90% of my sons monthly budget has kept them afloat for the last  year or so. It recently came under new ownership and the food seems to have gotten even better than before. They are now called Fresco's and they are delish.We ordered to go there tonight and the pizza and salad were really good.  This is not your place for the fancy-smancy artichoke barbeque lamb smothered in a motor oil reduction pie, you want to order the standard fare like cheese and pepperoni to feed your pizza jones.   If you order your pizza with extra garlic they will oblige and that takes the taste to a new level. The crust is tasty and as long as they cook it all the way its delicious.The Greek salad is another favorite, the dressing is tangy and tastes homemade and the salad is always fresh. Many times pizza places offer a prepackaged salad that is aging on a shelf and looks tired and wilted, Fresco's=Fresh salads.   The dressing is laden with lemon and garlic. Tart and keeps the vampires away!I love that we in Suburban PQ have a pizza place that is so amazing.   Take that Urbanistas!
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,2/8/2011,409,62,16,18,11>If you've been to Lee's sandwiches, you know what this place is gonna be like. This place is straight up the same as a Lee's sandwich They even share the same star for the dot over the I in "Sandwiches" haha. Anyway, if you've never heard of Lee's sandwiches, disregard what I just wrote. I just thought I would mention that for people who knew.Anyway, I'm a Lee's sandwiches fan and because K's Sandwiches is practically the same thing, I am also a fan of K's Sandwiches. I usually get 2 sandwiches (which are around 10in long) because 1 usually isnt enough! I suggest that if you are over the age of 12, you get 2 of these bad boys. What's great is that each sandwich is around $2.75 with tax so you're not spending a fortune to fill yourself up. You can also get other food items. They have 2 spring roll(all kinds from shrimp to pork) deals for $2.50, 2 egg rolls for $1, fried rice for around $2 and other stuff. I don't quite remember what else they had, or it was just way too foreign for me to know what it was. What's also great is that the thai tea boba here was ONLY $2. ARE YOU KIDDING ME. You must be thinking, "oh it must taste like diarrhea then." well I got news for ya buddy. ITS PRETTY DANG GREAT. Better than Tapioca Express or those other boba joints if you ask me. Also, another thing I liked about this place was that it seemed like one of those authentic ghetto Vietnamese joints. It was one of those places where old people came to just kick it and talk and chain smoke like crazy. I actually kinda enjoyed this kind of setting for some strange reason. All in all, a great experience. Come here if you want some pretty good Vietnamese sandwiches at an affordable price. holla back. (not you, but Vietnamese Sandwiches or K's Sandwiches)
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,2/7/2011,422,258,10,15,12>I'll say right up front that I'm absolutely not an expert at Indian cuisine.  But my friend is, and that comes from living the first 30 years of his life in India.He's always on the lookout for good Indian places, and I haven't always been thrilled with his choices for our work outings.  But Ashoka the Great was very pleasing to my entirely American palate, in addition to being something that he considered to be good for his Indian palate.  We stuck with the buffet, so I have no idea if they even have a menu to order from.  But they had a variety of dishes, all of which were very tasty, with a good mix of seasonings and spices.  Again, not overwhelming to my American tastes.  And their kheer (rice pudding) made me wish I wasn't feeling like a greedy little piggie going back for seconds.If I'm out this way around lunchtime, I'll certainly put it on my short list of places to stop by for a meal.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,2/6/2011,2030,893,12,20,18>I came in for Pho but ended up getting a Banh Mi (Vietnamese Sandwich). I know, totally different but so happy I strayed from my regular. The signs advertising the new sandwiches were that convincing. = ) I suppose my buddy Marc D's recent sandwich reviews were locked in my subconscious and the pictures triggered all those wonderful flavors he described. Perhaps. = )  With the Banh Mi, there are many protein options that you can choose from; vietnamese cold cuts, pork, beef and even veggie but after a recommendation from our waitress, I ordered the Beef Banh Mi.This dish comes with a small bowl of coconut soup which had rice noodles, thai herbs and spices, a hint of lemongrass (I think that's what I tasted), definitely fish sauce, ginger and fresh basil. I loved all the textures in this bowl of yumminess. If you like the flavor of coconut, you'll love this dish. When my sammy arrived, I was excited to try. The second I took my first bite, I was immediately in love with the flavors. The sandwich is served on a very light, crackly baguette and is generously filled. The "slaw" which was not much of a slaw but more like condiments, included; cucumber, pickled carrots, grilled onions, daikon, fresh cilantro and sliced jalapeno's on the side. The juice from the beef softened the inside of the baguette just perfectly and the crunch of the daikon, cucumber and carrots just gave it the right textures throughout. I  rarely eat an entire sandwich but I was in heaven and kept taking bite after bite, after bite. Soon, the entire sandwich was gone! My husband couldn't believe his eyes but I was so satisfied, it wasn't even funny. The flavors were that good. My stomach literally growled as I was typing this. No joke! Kim's is ALWAYS the place I come for Pho (Best Pho in town), but I think I might be ordering these Banh Mi's more often....dannnngeeerrrrousss!  I will be back for more!!!
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,2/5/2011,268,411,12,13,12>I pass by this place EVERYDAY and never thought to stop until recently, when Wilmar D. was craving some donuts. Don't be afraid of the parking lot, which always seems to be full (who knows why?). Wilmar and I walked into the donut place which was COMPLETELY empty on a Saturday morning....I'm used to donut places running out of all their best donuts around 9am, but this place was fully stocked. I admit, I was a little freaked out by there being no one in the store and their abundance of donuts on a weekend morning, but was pleasantly surprised by their organization and presentation of the donuts. Behind the counter, the donuts were placed in cute, individually-lit, white holding cases, each labeled with the donut name. I personally appreciate this, because I hate pointing at things I want to order, I'd rather just tell them what I want. Another GREAT thing about this place is the variety of donuts. They have the usual stuff, but they also have raised vanilla frosted with sprinkles (I've never seen this before! they are always cake), strawberry frosted, beautifully crafted cream puffs, and boston cream filled donuts! Though I love maple, I opted for the vanilla frosted cake donut with sprinkles and the boston cream filled chocolate covered donut. Both were PERFECTLY baked and extremely delicious! I also got to taste a little of the bavarian cream filled and that was very very good. The strawberry donut also had very tasty strawberry frosting, very similar to eating a donut with fresh strawberries.My only gripe was that something was off. 1) No one was there. I'm sorry, that's really weird on a Saturday morning. 2) Our cashier wasn't super friendly. It's okay though, I wouldn't want to work on a Saturday morning either. But otherwise, I think this place has promise. I would love to check in to try some of their deli items and I will DEFINITELY come back for their donuts, which were oh-so-yummy. I'm glad I live really close to this place!
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2010,2/3/2011,280,181,26,27,24>" Got CRABS? Well Crab Hut does! Tonight at 6:30pm.. get your fat shirt ready ;) "That was the text I sent to my girlfriends yesterday. I was excited to come here.. finally!We get there, with surprisingly good parking and walk inside. The restaurant wasn't as packed as I was expecting, which was a good thing since we were all hungry.Since it's Asian owned, I figured it would look similar to other restaurants in the area. However, the interior was decked out with netting, life savers, and even a fake seagull (Which sadly reminded me of a seagull I ran over in Downtown once. RIP).FOOD:- Sampler Boat - we subsituted the regular fries with sweet potatoes, for an additional $2. The boat included fried okra, eggrolls, onion rings, squid, shrimp, and a couple of mysterious cheesy fried items. - Raw Oysters - Tuesdays are $1 oysters, so we each ordered two. The waiter suggested Blue Point oysters, but they were quite small compared to what I'm used to (the huge ones from the Asian market). - 1lb Mussels - Full House/Spicy. These were sooo spicy. Seems like they put too much seasoning in the bag. The mussels were completely covered with the powder. I could only eat two.. they were that killer. Another compliant was the the mussels were really small. My friend kept saying "It must be illegal to catch these, they're still babies!" - 1lb Crawfish - Full House/Medium. I love crawfish, but that's because I know how to eat them! There's a technique to shelling these little guys. I'll have to give a demonstration to all you complainers out there next time ;P- 1lb Snow Crab Legs - Garlic Butter/Half-Medium. I'm not a fan of crab legs, so much hassle for a little piece of meat. But I did eat the body part the legs were attached to. The garlic butter sauce was perfect, even with just half-medium spice.- 1lb Shrimp - Full House/Spicy. The best out of the four in my opinion. They were easy to eat and were juicy. There wasn't quite as much flavor, but that's probably a good thing because my mouth was already on fire from the mussels.Overall, I'm glad I got to sample a little bit of everything. Next time I'll know not to listen to my friend and order "Spicy".. which wasn't even the highest level. I wouldn't dare try the "K.O." level. Meeks!
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,2/2/2011,472,335,12,15,14>Top hits of tonight....BoA - Eat You UpBoyz II Men - On Bended KneeMuse - Supermassive Black HolePitbull - Hotel Room ServiceBackstreet Boys - DrowningUtada Hikaru - First LoveSystem of a Down - Chop SueyJourney - Separate WaysRick Astley - Never Gonna Give You UpI had a great time with my roommate, Sarah M., and Jowen W. in one of their small rooms.  At $26/hour if you eat food, it's not the cheapest pick on Convoy for a norebang good time, but among the ones I've been to, it's probably the nicest.  Nice new looking rooms with wall-attached microphones, two tambourines, and a nice flat screen for presentation of lyrics and random clips of K-movies, it's very aesthetically comforting.In terms of fare, we had just eaten dinner so we just got a pitcher of Coke, a large carafe of peach yogurt soju, and a plate of fried chicken wings to make sure we got the $26/hour price of the room; otherwise, without ordering from their kitchen it would be $35/hour, which is not very good.Their peach soju was delicious and surprisingly potent.  At least it still tasted like soju, as opposed to yogurt sojus I've had at other places where it just tasted like you were shooting Calpico or Yakkult.  And as for their chicken wings, they were delicious, albeit simple.  Lightly breaded wings fried crispy, and served with sauce on the side, rather than having the wings tossed in sauce, like they do at Min Sok Chon.Good times.  Also, I am a norebang champ.  Also, that's it.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,2/1/2011,415,328,12,12,12>After helping to move Miss Tracie U, she rewarded us all with food from El Salvadoreno. We had mulled over many different places to eat when someone brought up this place. Tracie immediately whipped out her jazz hands and started doing a little dance while singing about the pupusas. Since I had no idea what a pupusa was and watching some of her errrr movements, my mind went straight to the gutter. I asked her what her pupusa had to do with what food we were going to eat and then she let me in on the secret of pupusas. She picked up a few varieties but I settled in on the one stuffed with pork and cheese. I topped it with the cabbage salad that comes along side it and added a generous spooning of the hot sauce. ZOMG! That is some delicious dish! Since this was my first experience eating pupusas I cannot compare them to other places. I can tell you that it was so tasty that I will venture back to El Salvadoreno to get some more of that!
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2006,3/31/2007,144,74,2,3,5>I really, really hate to say it (I just hate chains, or anywhere that 'everyone' shops...) but you gotta love this place. They have everything under the sun, without the cold, institutional, megalomaniacal chill of Walmart. The prices are good and the variety fairly sufficient. At the end of the day, there's a sort of focus-group approved homogeneity perceivable only to the very most cynical (huzzah!), but if I can get off my high horse long enough, I always leave here with some great stuff.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2007,3/30/2007,553,362,3,3,4>When Seau's first opened up, the food big time SUCKED!  I was like, "it's a good thing Junior can sack the quarterback because he sure as hell can't cook a good hamburger!"  I probably didn't go back there for 2 years.  Then, when some friends wanted to meet there to watch the game, I said, "why not give it another shot."  I'm glad I did.  They changed the menu around a little bit and the food now tastes great!  I've gotten burgers, pasta, sandwiches and almost everything else.  They are much better.  I'm not a sushi person, but they have a sushi bar there that all my sushi-eating friend really love!This is basically a sports bar, so the reason to go here it to watch the big sporting events.  Especially, football.  They have TVs galore!  They even have one HUGE television to watch Chargers games.... or is it Dolphin games.... or possibly Patriots games...... hmmm, what team is Junior on now??  =) His restaurant also has 2 levels, so it can get pretty loud on gamedays!  This is one of those restaurants that also doesn't seat you unless most of your party is there, so make sure you go with punctual people or you might lose your table to someone else.  Remember, on gamedays, people don't leave for 3 hours after they sit down.  Oh yeah, I almost forgot, they do open up earlier on gamedays and they do have a breakfast menu.  Steak and eggs is perfect!Service is always friendly and the prices are what you normally expect at a bar or pub.CHARGERS IN 2008, BABY!
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2007,3/29/2007,157,215,5,8,8>I had the delight of sampling almost every flavor available (including St. Patty's Day approved 'Guinness' gelato!), and I am proud to say I personally know one of the owners. That said, all bias aside, I would give Mondo Gelato 5 Stars and here's why: The Gelato is absolutely divine. My personal favorite would have to be the Biscotti flavor, perfectly blended with chocolate and bits of cookie. Runner up is A.C.E. (vitamin A, C, E), a distinctly orange gelato made with orange, carrots, and lemon. I definitely love that they offer soy gelato choices as well. There is plenty of seating indoors and some tables outside, perfect for the sunny San Diego weather. Overall, this place is inviting and  sparkling clean. Love the little touches like the tea lights on the tables, and the orchids on the counter. Mondo Gelato is located right next to Petco Park, and a couple blocks away from trendy Gaslamp. Street parking wasn't a nightmare, and there is always the option of parking in the adjacent parking garage. They open late- 12am on Fri/Sat.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2007,3/28/2007,0,0,3,5,7>Cien anos de soledad...when I'm without my San Diego fish tacos.  On a recent trip to SD, I had my *favorite* meal at El Zarape.  EZ has some yummy fish tacos!  When the occasion arises, I can be a lean-mean-fish-taco-eatin'-machine.  Oh, I dream of SD and its fish tacos.  You just can't get the SD-brand of fish taco here.  I can't be back there soon enough.  The skinny on EZ's phat:-Fish Tacos  Not the breaded and deep-fried kind (though I believe they also serve those).  Just the flaky and flavorful fish, shredded cabbage, diced tomato, cilantro and lime wedges - simple and fresh!  Each order comes with two tacos in a double corn tortilla.-Scallop Burrito  This was surprisingly good!  There were huge pieces of juicy and tender scallops throughout.  It came with a creamy sauce that was not too heavy, but had just enough lemony goodness.  *Note - burritos are "normal-sized" (no rice), not SF Mission-style burritos.  -"Rolled Tacos"  The real world calls these "flautas" but SDians refer to them as "rolled tacos" (weirdo burnouts).  "Un orden" comes with four rolled tacos, and you can mix and match - at least, that's what I was told.  Though,  I ordered two beef and two mashed potato, but they screwed up our order and gave us four beef instead.  Still, they were tasty as can be.  Came smothered in guac!-Extras  Each plate comes with rice (uninspiring and dry - really my only complaint) and refried beans (with queso fresco!), and complimentary chips  -Salsa Bar  Pretty good salsa bar.  Unlimited.  Spicy.  Lots to choose from.  Yeah!   They had at least 3 different kinds of salsa; we found our favorite pretty quickly (of course, their spiciest blend), and must have had at least 10 empty salsa containers on our table at the end of the meal. Good salsa is key in my book!- Atmosphere  Well, you're really too busy eating to notice, but it's definitely a "no frills" kinda place (seems to be mostly a college hangout).  Pretty busy on a Friday night, with a line out the door, but it goes quickly.  If you're with someone else, have one person scout a spot while the other person orders.   -Price  *Cheap*  - this grad student can even pay for our dinner!  Much cheaper than SF tacos which don't even come with rice and beans and sometimes even charge for salsa (Papalote - grrrrrr!  and they only have one kind and it's not even spicy; okay, i'll stop my Papalote rant now).-OtherExtensive menu included many unique burritos (chile relleno, lobster, shrimp, scallop, calamari, mole, soy), chimichangas, enchiladas, tortas, lots of different beers and plenty of combosWe washed it all down with a couple of Negro Modelos.  Ahhhhhh.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2006,3/27/2007,190,193,,1,4>All I have to say is....go here for lunch on a nice day. There will be a wait...so go down to the bar and have one of their delectable seasonal beverages. Sit atop their deck and enjoy the view and delicious food. You will feel as if you are floating above the ocean. A real must-visit. I am feeling dreamy just thinking about it.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2007,3/26/2007,562,1402,1,3,1>When I was younger, I liked going there at nights, as then I didn't know how bad the typical PB crowd was or how old it would eventually get for me going to PB all the time and seeing the same people everywhere.  It's fun if you're 23 and go on a Sunday or Thursday night when they have $2 U Call Its.  If I had to pick one of those nights to go, I'd probably go on Sunday as that is more industry night and the people are slightly more chill.  What I do like about Moondoggies is that the bar food is not too bad actually, they have 2 women's bathrooms (much needed at any PB Bar), they have an outdoor patio and fire pit, and the back room has maybe 8 TVs that play football on Sundays............Thus making Moondoggies a good day drinking place on the weekdays or weekends, Sunday football watching place, or happy hour place.  But beware-if you want to avoid the epitomy of a PB douchebag, stay away from there most nights of the week.  Stick to the days and early evenings and maybe industry night.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2007,3/25/2007,134,119,5,6,8>update 3-25-07, my wife and i with a few friends were here last week and i would like to change my comment about the daytime bartenders. they did a great job and were busting ass getting all those somewhat labor intensive bloody mary's made and food delivered fast like. it was very busy. my bar of choice when we lived in san diego and now when we visit. near the airport so i can can stop in on my way in and before i head back to san francisco. i always get a drink without waiting long. Even when it's busy. the bartenders do a great job at getting the drinks out. internet jukebox and well made drinks. they even make popcorn for the taking. smart move and i wish more bars did that. to you bar owners out there you do know all that salty popcorn results in more drink sales. they have a late night menu taking orders till 1am. damn good burgers and i like the fish and chips. not the best but late at night they are fine. some would argue the burger ranks up there with some of the best. the breakfast is a great deal and bloody marys are fucking great. this is the place that got me liking bloody marys. the only thing is the day time bartenders do more talking amongst themselves so drinks and food might be a bit slower.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2007,3/24/2007,0,2,6,2,2>I know people who have an issue with having to cook their own food at a restaurant. At $6.95 for a sirloin steak, I'll butcher the cow myself. And I'll use a spork to do it. Though the food is amazingly priced and not half bad, hoards of savage hipsters pushing their way around the grill, fighting over a prime section of flame is not the funnest of activities. It's like watching scruffily dressed, hairy cavemen protecting their battered kill. When you do manage a spot on the grill, try not to stalk your steak out of fear of someone stealing it. Relax. Have a dirty martini. There's nothing worse than having some guy in pants that bring answer to the question circumcised or not, giving you the look of death if you rear the tongs too close to their portobello mushroom burger. I'm just trying to cook this bastard steak so I could shove it in my mouth. Back off with the accusatory stare, please.  All this aside,  it's dark, cool, throwback style is a great setting for stiff cocktails and good steak. You leave with a little part of the place with you. Literally, you reek of meat and liquor for hours.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2007,3/22/2007,39,92,2,2,2>I LOVE their window displays and the majority of their clothes.  But there's a problem with their pricing.  They seem to price most of their items waaay too high, especially for the quality of some of the pieces.  Quite often I swing by here for ideas, then go hit flashbacks or one of the other close by vintage stores
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2007,3/22/2007,413,616,4,5,8>oh come on, i know, it's starbucks. it's gross & i shouldn't go there. big corporation blah blah blah. i just really don't care, because sometimes i really really really NEED a frappucino. delicious, creamy, sweet, cold, just like a shake but with caffeine. sometimes that's all a girl has to look forward to in the morning, and don't knock it, cos life's simple pleasures are really what count. right. right?and you can always count on starbucks for consistency. consistently good & expensive coffee. and you need that, too, sometimes.not to mention, this is a really good one for me, having come into the shopping center here while i was still in high school, and providing me with a place to sit and smoke and drink coffee, within walking distance of my house, my work, my bus stop. i can't even begin to tell you how many hours i logged in with samantha on their green metal chairs.and so you know, consistency & nostalgia = four stars!
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,9/19/2014,409,313,12,12,11>Amazing, amazing, amazing. I'm actually not sure if all crafters places are suppose to look like this (other than chains like Michael's or JoAnn's), but the ladies who worked there were VERY helpful. I was looking for shells and pearls that I could use to whip up a bra piece that would match a headpiece I already had, and the lady knew her stuff! I couldn't find any shells for myself, so she directed me to where I had to go, gave me more options and showed me everything I needed and more! I will definitely be back. A crafter's paradise, that's for sure! Also, it's a GREAT place to find little figurines if you ever want to DIY wedding give-aways or debut give-aways. Awesome stuff here and for a fraction of the price you'd get at a Michael's or JoAnn's!
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,9/18/2014,199,280,11,11,11>Oh pistachio, you magical nut, you.When roasted and salted in your shell, you taste like a crispy potato chip high in heart-healthy fats.When you are finely ground down and processed with milk and cream, you taste like minty, milky manna.The pistachio gelato has got to be the best flavor at Gelato Vero Caffe with its refreshing, natural, not-too-sweet flavor.For those of you who have ever doubted this nut, especially the concept of a sweet pistachio dessert....Gelato Vero will make a believer out of you. TIP: They now serve brunch here! Who knew?
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,9/17/2014,200,54,8,9,11>10pm on a Monday night, of course my boyfriend and I were craving some delicious pizza...  After a quick search on Yelp, Landini's seemed to be the obvious choice for us as we were staying less than 5 mins driving distance away (perfect for delivery).  We hopped onto the website and quickly customized the perfect pizza:  Sundried tomatoes, sausage, pesto, green peppers and Jalapeños.  We placed the order and within 2 minutes had received a call from Landini's....unfortunately it wasn't the call we had hoped for.  Apparently the delivery driver had went home early sick and they weren't doing any more deliveries for the night.  Considering we had already went through the effort of building our pizza and that the place was such a short drive away, we decided to go pick it up instead.When we arrived, the employees were extremely apologetic and friendly, our pizza was ready-to-go and staying hot and fresh on top of their oven.  They even waited to put the pesto on right in front of our eyes!  To top it all off they gave us a discount for the small inconvenience of having to drive over, we didn't even have to ask!The pizza was delicious and we were wholly satisfied with our decision to drive over and pick up our pizza!Thanks Landini's!!
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,9/16/2014,422,254,7,9,9>Things have changed immensely and in very good ways, too. Service has improved tenfold. Upon walking in, a male employee offered to explain to me their special R&D sandwich (limited time option). It wasn't super hot inside anymore so I didn't feel stuffed. They made my chicken pesto sandwich within 5 mins and it came out perfectly! I really like their hummus, crispy string onions, and olive salad. I usually stop by here now before I catch a movie at the AMC.Get their punch card! You get a free one after the 10th purchase.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,9/15/2014,317,448,9,11,11>I don't know of any other liquor stores in the near vicinity but this is probably the best one.  Great craft beer selection. Stuff from Stone, The Bruery, Lightning, Victory, Mother Earth, Belching Beaver, Alesmith, Goose Island, Karl Strauss, The Lost Abbey, Caldera Brewing's Mogli, Widmer Bros., just to name a few. I was also informed that they are even planning on expanding.  With the exception of maybe one or 2 beers being a dollar more than I could find elsewhere, the pricing appears to match the cheapest pricing I could find for most of my go to beers. They also sell wine and other liquors but I'm a craft beer guy so I really didn't pay much mind to the wines and liquors.  I did see some standard stuff like Sailor Jerry, Fireball etc. just while looking at the beers. The staff was super friendly and won't hesitate to assist you if you need it and they take pride in their work and passion for their business. If you are anywhere close and like alcohol, especially craft beers, this place should be at the top of your list.  Like I said, I'm not aware of any other liquor stores nearby but I really don't see them being any better.  I got a lot more than I expected when I walked into this place.  This place is definitely good to go.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,9/14/2014,118,451,9,14,13>I've been wanting to check out this place since it opened. The lure of unlimited toppings, low prices, and cheesy bread was pulling me toward this location. Teaming up with my poultry posse and BCBP I decided I was going to make the walk from Little Italy. After getting yelled at by a few bums or maybe eccentric rich folks thumbing their noses at the genteel lifestyle we entered. We got such a welcome! I became confused because I guess nice people dazzle me and they helped walk me through the menu. Basically you can get a whatever the heck you want pizza for about $7/$8 or you could choose a menu "starving artist" pizza for about $6. If you don't like a ton of toppings go with "starving artist" pizza because you save money and there are still a good amount of toppings included.I chose the Hawaiian type one and asked for no bacon. It came out pretty fast and was cooked really well! The crust was thin but not dry and the cheese and other ingredients were harmonious. I liked the caramelized onions more than I thought I would and the fresh basil gave the pizza a fresh kick. They have a ton of condiments and even different seasonings you can add yourself. Also I was surprised at the many choices for crust. Next time I will have to try the flax seed and report back!The inside is nice and I was told by someone who actually went to Italy that the little tile floor was pretty common there. Nice!I ended up eating half my pizza and saving the rest for dinner. Having a full belly and peace of mind that I had not spent a ton made my good day great. My only gripes were that they did not have menu print outs so that if you didn't know about the choices already you would not learn about them that day, and they don't serve wine/beer. I will totally return!
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/13/2014,99,152,5,9,8>Stay classy San Diego, you say? Don Chido has that nice touch of class to it. If you think of Fred's Mexican, it was a tad dingy and a tad this and that. Don Chido replaced that spot with something lively. I think they somehow figured out that they needed a proper bar with good food in downtown. It's pretty much a higher-end gastropub.Service:Everyone was very attentive starting from the hostess, bartender, to the waitress. We were lucky enough to have the Chef and Sou Chef make an appearance at our table. I was able to thank them personally for the amazing soft opening. Food:I've tried just about half the menu here and everything was amazing plus a side of fantastic. Here's the deal... Chips is hot and fresh with different dips to choose from. The guacamole was actually really good with flavors balancing each other rather than tasting like a whole avocado with some random flavors. I've tried so many appetizers that I don't even remember the names of them, but I can tell you that each and every one of them had a very unique taste that is truly amazing. The ceviches are really good and the atomic fire sauce that it comes with is mouth watering hot and delicious. The Carnitas entree plate was plentiful and very filling. The steak was very tender, flavorful, and sharable. Drinks:They have a whole menu dedicated to drinks, wines, and mixes. This is an awesome place to have a mixologist mix up some amazing drinks. I've been on an Old Fashioned kick lately and these guys are up there on the list of awesomeness. Margaritas, Old Fashioned, Mules, and all variations of it are on point here.Overall: I am in love with this place for the atmosphere, mixologists drinks, amazing food, and it's at the edge of downtown where it's a perfect spot to get my early grub and drinks on before I paint the town. Let's be honest... I'd want to have my first few drinks be as tasty as it can be before I starting shooting some crappy shots or having heavy handed mixed drinks at the clubs/bars throughout the night. I'm not saying having these are bad... I'm just saying I want to taste my drinks and these guys know how to do it right! The food is on point... So here's the deal... if you're expecting the typical (XX)burro's place... this isn't it... go to Mexican restaurant next to Starbar.... that'll be your closest thing. If you're looking for something like On The Border or any Mexican chain restaurant for that matter, this isn't it for you either... If you're looking for an upscale Mexican "fusion" then this IS the place for you. The only other spot that is remotely close is El Zarape (sit down or the 2nd spot), but again... it's not even in comparison.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,9/12/2014,352,196,9,11,11>WHY have I not been here sooner?!Maybe it's because I wouldn't expect such an amazing sandwich place to be tucked in the crowded food plaza on Friars Rd.First off, customer service. It's impeccable. They are sooo nice, and during lunch hours,  a manager will come around and have a nice chat with you. Makes you feel like you're in a great mom n pop shop! Second, the simple and amazing menu. You got your Phillies and Speciality Sandwich menus. I think all of the sandwiches are hot, and if none of the specialties are your fancy, just create your own with their ingredients...but trust me, their sandwiches are crafted to perfection.Make it a combo, and save $2 or more... get ANY kind of fries you want and a drink. I was amazed by the great deal.Their sizes go from 8", 12", and 18".. my man and I couldn't finish 2-8" sandwiches (we suck...) so next time we will split a 12", but then we can't get two!! The only dilemma here is picking a sandwich that doesn't make your mouth salivate...
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,9/11/2014,279,127,12,14,13>To satisfy your seafood crave, Spike Africa's is definitely a restaurant to feast upon.  My hubby was craving for some fresh oysters, and we both decided to take advantage of Spike's happy hour that serves exactly that for just $1 each.  Yeah buddy!  Lately, I've been more adventurous with seafood and gave oysters a try for the first time.  And I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised on how much I enjoyed my first fresh oyster.  My hubby was prepared for my sour face, but I gave none of that.  The oysters themselves weren't extremely large, but they were the perfect size for the both of us.  Quality was excellent.  There was nothing to complain about when we got to eat a half dozen fresh oysters for just $6 during HH.I was extremely torn during this visit.  On one hand, I wanted to take advantage of their HH specials.  And on the other the hand, I wanted to also sample a few things off their regular menu.  So.......we did both!  For HH, we ordered a half dozen oysters (6 for $6), fresh fish ceviche ($7), and panko shrimp & fries ($5).  What's HH without drinks?  I decided to try their strawberry sail, which is made with vodka, ginger beer, lime, and fresh strawberries.  Love, love, love this drink.  This cocktail was easy drinking, refreshing, and delicious.  The fresh fish ceviche was an awesome deal.  First off, the portion was very generous and accompanied with house-made pita chips.  We both immediately noticed how this ceviche differed from others in that Spike Africa's prepares their ceviche more on the chunkier side.  There were so many chunks of fresh fish.  The panko fried shrimp and fries weren't out of this world, but still delicious nonetheless.  Our first wave of food started with our HH entrees and drinks, and boy I have to say it was more than enough food to satisfy our hunger.  We should've stopped there, but it was too late.  The second wave of food happened to be our main entrees from their regular menu.  We decided to order the seafood simmer and soft shell crab sandwich.  It was almost painful to see our waiter serve our food.  Both were massive.  My hubby and I both started working on our seafood simmer first, which is a seafood stew of scallops, mussels, fish, and shrimp all simmering in a fragrant, light, and well-seasoned tomato broth.  The only small complaint I had about the seafood simmer is that some of the scallops were a little overcooked, but it was still a solid dish overall and an entree I'd both recommend and order again.  The soft shell crab sandwich was well-prepared and served with a heaping pile of their BBQ chips and coleslaw.  My husband couldn't get over how much he loved their house-made BBQ potato chips.  I've read reviews where their BBQ chips are a hit or miss, and it happened to be a big hit with us that night.  Up until this point, we were extremely elated with all of the food we ordered.Dessert is where I took off one star.  We decided to share their infamous butterscotch pudding.  At Spike Africa's, the butterscotch pudding is served with piping hot caramel sauce.  Piping hot is not an exaggeration because I literally burned my lips.  The caramel sauce was brought to such a high temperature that once it started cooling off, it hardened like a rock.  For my first bite, my spoon was covered with a ton of this hot caramel sauce.  Once it touched my lips, I was burned immediately, but the worst part is that the caramel sauce actually stuck to my lips and teeth, becoming hard like a rock.  Not a good situation, especially when it's burning.  My husband decided to scoop away all of the caramel sauce using his spoon and put it off to the side.  We were shocked how the caramel cooled immediately on his spoon as a huge solid rock.  I find it difficult to believe this is the way this restaurant intended to serve this dessert.  The way the caramel sauce was prepared made it inedible and inconceivable to eat.  The good news is that the cold butterscotch pudding was delicious; however, it was already hard for me to get over what had just happened in the beginning.  I hope this doesn't happen to anyone else, especially a child, and knowing it's their best selling dessert.  If this is their standard preparation for this dessert, I hope they revise it for safety reasons.
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,9/10/2014,1070,356,11,22,19>I can see how this place can easily get 5 stars or 1 star....  Lucky for us, we had Viktoriya to help us throughout the entire process.  This 5 star rating is all because of Viktoriya .My girlfriend and I came to RB due to the exclusivity of selling Tacori Engagement Rings.  Upon entry we were asked if we had an appointment and we told the receptionist that we just wanted to look around.  My girlfriend and I have big plans in the near future and getting married was one of them.   So finding the right ring was priority #1 to starting a new chapter in our lives.  She was set on a 2-2.5 carat halo style ring, but she didn't know which.  At first we looked at Henri Daussi rings and they were beautiful.....  But the case to the left of the Daussi rings were the Tacori collection.  We were assisted by a gentleman who I dont remember but he was not helpful at all.  No dialogue or discussion.  Just showing us rings as if he didn't take us seriously.  Thankfully, he handed us off to Viktoriya.  Viktoriya was extremely nice and was very knowledgeable with the Tacori collection.  My girlfriend found 2 rings she liked and she proceeded with trying them on with a 2.5 carat diamond.  The Tacori halo engagement ring left me speechless and to see the look on my girlfriends face when she put on the ring left me with no other alternative.  I had to get it for her.  We explained to Viktoriya that we had just started looking and that we wanted to look at another jeweler before we made any decisions.  She took our information down and she told us to contact her anytime with any questions.  We continued to shop around and my girlfriend had some questions to ask Viktoriya regarding the setting and the diamond.  My girlfriend and Viktoriya were texting each other almost every other day and her responses made me happy to know that Viktoriya really meant what she said about contacting her at any time for anything.We returned to RB to compare two different types of Tacori settings and my girlfriend had decided on which one she wanted.  The only thing left was to find a matching wedding band for the engagement ring since I felt the matching Tacori band was excessive for being $7,000 on its own.  So $8,000 for a Tacori engagement setting plus $7,000 for a matching band wasn't reasonable to me.  So as awesome as Viktoriya is, she found us a perfect wedding band to pair with the Tacori engagement ring for much less than the Tacori band..... and it was damn near perfect!  Thank you Viktoriya for all that you've done.  You truly made this experience a pleasant one.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,6/9/2008,415,328,1,13,12>The 5 stars are for Lindsay! Some of you may know her as Daeman "deeza tha geeza" C.'s girl. I found out she did massages at Spa Tiki, so I went to check it out. She was fantastic! I needed a deep tissue massage for my 5001 knots in my back and neck. With her strong hands and great technique, she was able to work them all out. I loved the scented oil she used too. She gives you a choice of four different oils, so you can find your perfect aromatherapy match. After my awesome massage, she offered me a Mai Tai or a glass of chardonnay. I opted for the wine and then enjoyed the steam room for the next half hour. All in all, a great day. I plan on getting another massage with her very soon and highly recommend her to all you yelpers out there.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,6/8/2008,112,64,16,18,17>Act now and beat the hipster rush!Yes, El Porvenir is a potential hipster magnet. Authentic, delicious, and cheap Mexican food located in the Barrio? Are you kidding me? Five bucks says that soon pale, thin, white kids in obscure band tees will be making out in the corner booth on a regular basis.The carnitas is excellent. We're talking tasty shredded meat that begs to be wrapped in a tortilla. And the sauce? Oh yes. These guys put together a spicy taste sensation. It's not just about heat, there is complexity to the flavor...lovely.So head on down before the rush. Porvenir means future, and this place deserves a good one. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2007,6/7/2008,152,31,8,15,11>Well, in between visits to friends and family, I found myself near the location of Jarod's DIY yogurt.Anyway, the place was nice, clean and pretty well organized.  The staff was pretty nice and seemed to know a number of the patrons personally.  Whether this is indicative of a steady regular clientele or simply coincidence, I don't know.  However, I was surprised to see that many people coming there on what I assumed was kind of late and probably a slow night.As for the yogurt.  It was mentioned that there are 18 flavors of yogurt but perhaps I was missing something though because I saw 5 machines with 2 flavors each and 3 taps with the center being a swirl option.  Technically, that is 10 flavors but if you count the swirl option as a flavor it's kind of a flavor option making 15 flavors.  Now, I don't love yogurt but I do prefer yogurt simply because I can convince myself a little easier that it's not quite as bad for you because of some self-coined theory of healthy digestive enzymes in frozen yogurt.  Anyway, the yogurt was pretty good.  I can't really say that it was mind-blowing or "easily the best" as far as yogurt goes because I've never had any kind of yogurt that I would describe as mind-blowing but it was pretty good.  I chose pineapple and tart cherry.  However, they weren't on the same machine so I was unable to get a swirl version of it.  I simply put both types in the same cup.On to the toppings...  They do have a pretty impressive selection to choose from.  As I had fruit flavors, I didn't want to mess them up with incompatible ingredients.  I saw that they had fudge/caramel sauce but again as I had fruit flavors, I was unable to determine if they were heated sauces.  I hope so.  They also have fruit toppings in a separate area for those who wish them.  I didn't think about the fruit toppings until afterward though because I wanted candy toppings.  One that I hadn't seen before was "cotton candy."  Imagine cotton candy in confetti form looking a bit like Wonka's Nerds.  It was a good match with the tart yogurt as well.  Don't be like me and forget that your toppings will freeze though.  Your teeth will thank you.You aren't limited as to the amount of toppings (within reason) but you must bear in mind that the toppings will contribute to the actual weight of your yogurt.  As mentioned in a previous review, there is an option to get a Big Gulp sized cup of yogurt for $6.50 which doesn't get weighed because it's charged at a flat-rate.  That may be an option if you intend on sharing your yogurt but it was a lot more than I could eat.  Personally, I went for a medium-sized cup and it held a bit more than 12 oz.  I could have fit in more but it was just for myself and 12 oz. of frozen yogurt is a pretty good portion size.  The cost was about $3.50 including the added weight of the toppings.  I thought that it was pretty reasonable for the amount of yogurt that I got.I give DIY Yogurt 3 stars for the yogurt alone because it was good but I expected it to be so otherwise what's the point, right?  The wall of toppings and ability for kids to choose the most obscene flavor combinations has got to be really cool for the little ones.  I awarded them an extra star though for a total of 4 because I thought that the staff made an effort to check on the customers and had a good rapport with them.  It really felt like a little family shop and was reminiscent of the ice cream shops I've been in on the East Coast.Things I would like to see: a water fountain with cups for water, more signs explaining what we are exactly supposed to do (a kid got confused and thought you could reload on toppings) and a scale near the yogurt so that you aren't surprised by the cost at the counter.All-in-all, a worthy place to stop by if you are in the area.  There were a couple of tables and chairs there and I was able to relax and enjoy eating my yogurt.  It will definitely be more of an option on a hotter and more muggy night.  Plus, they are open until 11 PM on Fridays and Saturdays.BTW, if you check their site, you'll find a 20% off coupon.  I had one on me but forgot it in my car.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,6/6/2008,413,479,17,15,15>Mick Gieskes, in homage to Guy Davenport (once and only once), loves the Aero Club.There was a time that Mick Gieskes would sit here every Saturday evening and have 2 or 3 or 6 pints of Guinness (the tender, Warren, poured an AWESOME Guinness), in preparation for a tough training run the next day (Mick Gieskes was waaaaaay to serious about running back then).  It has been a place with a spectacular Juke Box since then (and this is like 15 years ago), and just the most relaxed and chill vibe.It was invaded by hipsters for a time, and been through some ownership changes (there was one that almost ruined the place), but it is back on track now ....The major change ... LIQUOR!  It was beer and wine only (with good beer and bad wine) all those years ago.  Mick Gieskes was a little floored by the floor to ceiling display of liquor, but it seems to have done The Aero well.This is a great place to drink with friends.  This is a great place to drink alone.  This is a great place for Mick Gieskes to drink.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2008,6/5/2008,1299,698,18,14,14>I love the dark.  Save the gristle and keep it simple.  When I had pals that lived nearby, you'd find us here often in the dark, unassuming, wallet friendly, little bar that it is.  And the kickin' juke box with the random tunes because someone thinks they're funny.  Whatever, cheap drinks and pals make up for it.The neon glows in your eyes and everyone looks like zombies if they had the right shade of white in their eyes.  You can also tell who didn't do laundry that day by counting the glowing lint on their shirts or their matted hair.  Dirty bastards. Oh, it's OB! Forgive me.  It's CASH ONLY too, so be prepared to spend the mortgage to use the inside ATM.  You try to be smart and withdraw more money to offset the fees, but you end up spending it all because you can buy happiness in a bottle of Jameson.  No I'm not bitter, I love the Irish Catholics and their Jameson.  OB would kick PB's ass any day.  Well, maybe - if the hippies would sober up for a second.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,6/4/2008,130,48,10,11,14>I don't need to tell YOU that this is probably the best place to watch a band in town.You already know that, or should, or should have caught the gist from the dozens of reviews on here.I don't need to tell you that the Casbah is a San Diego institution and that Tim Mays is the Godfather of San Diego's indie scene.I don't need to tell you that over the course of one month, you can find some kind of show to scratch your live music itch:  indie, punk, folk, afrobeat, local, dj's, hip hop... unclassifiable... whatever's your style, it's all represented.And I most certainly do not need to tell you that one of the biggest reasons to see a show here is because you can see the band up close and personal *before* they blow up big time.  Usually, bands that play here are on their way up, and you will never get a chance to see them so close, so personal and so raw as you will here.No, I don't need to tell you any of that, because chances are we have already rubbed sweaty elbows packed inside this little dungeon of radness.What I will tell you is some of my favorite moments of late nights in the 'Bah (as I affectionately call it):Antibalas... this NYC afrobeat band blew me away by fitting at least A DOZEN players & their horns and drums  onto the tiny stage, while pumping out some of the most energized, political, and saucy shit since Fela Kuti died.The Kills... VV and Hotel *killed* it with just them hot sweaty selves and a dat. Juana Molina... wow, what a tripper.  I have never seen a one-woman-show this intricate and hauntingly beautiful while hypnotically groovy in all my days.Adem (opened for Juana Molina)... it was a warm October night, so this Brit decided to invite us all out on the patio to perform his set acapella standing on top of a planter underneath the big tree, and the netting, and the Christmas lights, and the planes flying overhead.  Too cool.Tim Fite... no way I can describe this cat's music, as the best I could do would be to call it a cross between hip hop, performance art and folk, but that doesn't do it.  This was one of the more interesting performances I have seen and included a video screen and some kind of flashing light bulb boom-box sculpture.Nouvelle Vague... presenting new wave classics with their trademark bossa nova twist, these French musicians chilled my soul while the female singers melted my heart with their sultry, seductive and nasty raw sensuality.  Highlight was when the chicks hopped on top of the bar while singing Dead Kennedy's "Too Drunk to Fuck"... priceless moments.Brian Jonestown Massacre... oh, Anton and his antics.  Half the show was Anton incoherently ranting about politics and cussing out the unfortunate, hapless fools who were standing close enough to the stage to catch his wrath ("Why don't I just drop your Pabst Blue Ribbon drinking ass in Afganistan?"... uh, yeah, Anton... whatever *that* means), while the other half of the show was one kick-ass 16-minute psychedelic jam after another.Doug Martsch... this front man from Built To Spill was all on his lonesome, but delivered a great set.  He had this funny little round screen in front of the mic, and when he would sing into it, his nose would move the screen around with him.  He was having trouble hearing the sound for some reason, so in between each song, he would test the mic and do this funny little adorable thing and would give a quiet "rawr" to see how he sounded.  "Rawr!"So, since I don't have to tell you *why* Casbah is so rad, I'll just buy you a beer the next time I see you there.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2008,6/3/2008,204,144,18,11,10>This place made me realize how naive I am.  Seriously, someone would buy THAT?  And actually use it...there??  Ouch.  I went there with a friend who was shopping for a naughty bridal shower.  The guy helped us find a few of the things on the list and the place seem really organized.  I can't compare to other Adult Stores, but this one seems to have a fairly large selection of everything.  I really don't know what else to say.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2008,5/31/2008,18,56,27,9,13>if this restaurant got up on stage at american idol it would go something like this:Ryan:  That was Nicky Rottens, now Nicky your new to the downtown scene and that was a good effort, but lets see what the judges think, Randy?Randy:  Check it out dawg, I mean it was OK, some of your appitizers were a little undercooked and pitchy, but you know that..   Wasn't my favorite from you.. i'm getting this applebees feeling off you, and you just need to let it out..Paula:  Sweety, OK.......... I ... really think that downtown is just a little too big for you......  your a good restaurant, but I just think you belong in La Mesa...  not for this competitionSimon: Well, If i'm going to be honest with you, I thought it was the worst performance so far, from the corny mafia decor on the inside, to the skanky girls dancing on the bar, it was completely over the top.  I mean it just felt very forced quite frankly.  It was just all wrong
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,5/29/2008,645,258,17,16,15>I found out about Beef and Bun one night while at a friends house,  She yelled to her husband "How about Beef & Bun honey"  I said "Excuse me" We both started laughing and she told me it was the best place for burgers, fries and shakes.  She wasn't just whistling Dixie.  Next thing you know "Ole Jed's a Millionaire" I was mowing on a chocolate peanut butter shake, juicy bacon cheeseburger and yummy fried zucchini.  I must say this might not be the place if you are watching your diet.  But honey, once in a while we all have to let our hair down and live a little.  In fact I think I'm going to venture over there right now.  See ya!
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/8/2008,5/28/2008,646,294,11,7,10>What kind of dive bar doesn't have the Doors on the jukebox!?  Great selection of tunes, other than that.  I satisfied my taste with some Zombies.  It's nice to go to a bar where they don't have one of those new fangled digital contraptions to choose music from... makes me feel more chillaxed.The last two times I was here I wanted to get nekked and bump uglies because it was like an orgy of sexy scenesters.This time, last night, I wanted to get nekked and bump uglies because I was with fun people, getting drunk, on a Wednesday (hump day).  ha.  That always calls for sexy time.Usually parking is terrible in this part of town, but I guess that's mainly on the weekend.  -Outside is a large, long bench for smokers and Fritos eaters.  -Next door is a liquor store.  As you walk into the bar, it's almost eerily dark but the bartender will probably smile, say "hey" and something easy going and you won't feel so dark anymore.  -Head straight to the back and find the pool table, and probably me!-Feel the need to relieve yourself?  The rest room was clean and large with one of them wall-length mirrors - always good for checking ourselves out, ladies.  -The booths are comfortable and fit five people very well.  Next time I think I'll dance on the tables because they are big and sturdy.The Live Wire sometimes has DJ's.  As a matter of fact, I heard a heart warming story about Edgar DJ'ing here with Ruggy once!  How lovely.  You should ask him about it.What the hell else do you want to know?  Go to the bar and find out for yourself what it's like.  Now.  Tonight, even.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,3/13/2012,735,735,15,16,14>It's not just a movie, but also a place where hardcore degenerate Texas hold 'em players go to see if they make their draws by the river.  Pot odds be damned.There's some ridiculously loose low limit games at 1/1 stakes with a $20-40 buy in, where people largely play for a chance to hit the bad beat jackpot.  There's also 2/2, 2/3, 5/5, and 10/10 no limit games that get a lot of play.  They even spread a $25/$50 no cap cash game with a minimum $1,000 buy in Friday nights that brings some real high rollers to the joint.  Oddly enough, in our hero's experience playing here, the games are softer on the weekdays because it seems that more skilled players are willing to travel farther on the weekends to play at Ocean's.Rules aren't posted here, nor are they really enforced.  Rarely is anyone reprimanded for string betting, playing soft against friends, or inappropriate language.  This is probably the most lax casino in terms of rules enforcement in the greater San Diego area.  After playing a few hands here at lower limits, you'll undoubtedly be questioning what the dealers consider to be a "forward motion" with your chips.The food here is only served to table players and the menu's not too bad.  Full on meals start at $3 and the selection and quality isn't that bad (for a casino).  They've also opened an attached sports bar last year which has some good happy hour deals from 5-7 PM (such as 1 or 2 dollar beers) for those who aren't playing.  Three hours of play with a player's card on Tuesdays also earns you a free steak and lobster dinner!Our degenerate hero really can't dislike this place after he got the table's share of a bad beat jackpot at 2 AM on a school night one time.  Some people would infer that he's got a gambling problem.  He would like to think of it as a gambling solution.PROS:- It's a very social atmosphere and you're guaranteed to meet some characters and some donkies at your table.- Wide range of play levels and table limits.- Pai Gow and Blackjack available too.- Really friendly and helpful staff.- Easy to get to on the 5 highway.CONS:- Their promotions largely cater to regulars who play 40+ hours a month or several times a week.- A bit old in style and the tables are poor in quality.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,3/11/2012,1165,834,29,24,25>Every once in a while, insomnia sets in.  I'll be in bed, at 3am, staring at the ceiling, and random thoughts will pass through my head.For example:  Why the hell isn't there a "Real Housewives of San Diego"?I mean, San Diego would be perfect.  We've got the boobs, the blondes, and the bling -- and we even have our own answer to Rodeo Drive, 5th Ave, and South Coast Plaza.That would be Fashion Valley.Of course, Fashion Valley isn't really as sprawling or impressive as any of those other places, but, then again, this is San Diego, where small = charming.  (That's what she said.)Despite its relatively small size, Fashion Valley is still easily the best mall in San Diego.  It has your mall staples whose price tag runs the gamut from Old Navy to Tiffany's.  I'm the most partial to the Bloomingdale's men's store -- especially when there's a sale going on, which is all the time.Fashion Valley is also home to the nicest AMC movie theater in the area (which isn't saying much) and a surprisingly delicious food court.  (Who needs Mickey D's when you can get froofy paninis and smoothies here?)Fashion Valley seems to be better known for its clusterf**k parking situation than any particular store, but the reasons for that are lost on me.  Yes, the front lot is crowded.  But, folks, let me spread the gospel loud and clear: *** THE BACK LOT IS EMPTY ***I mean, like, all the time.Even at peak hours.Just avoid the Friars Rd traffic, take the not-so-secret Camino De La Reina entrance into the back lot, and life will be better for everyone involved (or, as Kelly would say, "free to be, you and me, 1979".)So... In summary:  While it has a few drawbacks, the capitalist playground known as Fashion Valley continues to be as awesome as a satchel of gold.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,3/10/2012,154,43,24,15,13>The service here isn't just good, it's uplifting. Although I was drunk enough to hallucinate when I left, I believe our servers name was Nate and he was awesome. Nate saw my quivering lower lip as well as the indecision in my eyes and promptly took the reins of this weekday breakfast adventure. He offered me a "Man-Mosa" before the conversation could be derailed by my crippling depression and/or appalling halitosis. I am not aware that this beverage is on the menu because I am in fact illiterate, but it did not matter because after a few rounds of these babies, I could see through time. My attorney understood this concept, despite his racial handicap, and ordered a delightfully massive bucket of the house hash while I ordered my meal secure in the knowledge that I probably would not be crying myself to sleep that night. It was a good day.I can wholeheartedly recommend this place and the machaca tacos were the tits.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,3/9/2012,2074,1145,21,20,19>a small hole in the wall with many regulars.  volare has some godfather portions that should automatically come with a to-go box and a 24 hour fitness card.our waiter was mia while our blonde host was working for the money.  since we didn't see our waiter for almost as long as our wait time, our host had to get our appies of garlic bread with cheese and drink going.when our waiter showed, he sported an air of "i can't wait to be discovered and i'm better than this 'tude" which dinged a star.we had the 'pasghetti and lasagna wich had a tasty marinara that you just want to sop up the bread with.the whoot! whoot! tips: 1. cheap for din-din and even cheaper for lunch2. the po-po's come here so you know it's a good deal for grub.  lay low should you have a warrant out for your arrest.3. an adult store just a stone's throw away.  dessert perhaps?.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,3/7/2012,137,60,13,10,10>Ruth Chris is the HBIC (head bitch in charge) of steakhouses. If Henry VIII were alive today, he would probably feast at this classy as fuck establishment before beheading patrons for his amusement and to compensate for the syphilis that was eating away at his brain. The view is sensational, especially if you are seated facing the harbor at sunset. You won't even notice the hobo vs. seagull fight down below, as the picturesque view takes precedence. The filet minon is prepared by a chef with the exactitude of a surgeon, serving the meat not a degree under or over your cooking specifications. I requested a medium rare steak made by only the finest chef who believes in good hygiene and got exactly that.Other delights:CrabtiniSeared AhiSurf and turfMushroomsMashed potatoesProsecco
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/6/2012,677,365,18,9,9>OMG I JUST SAW CHUCK NORRIS EATING AT RUBICON!!!  Oh nevermind it's me in the mirror.  But it's rumored that he fuels up here before he does wheelies on a unicycle.  True story!  It's no wonder why Chuck would visit Rubicon for sandwiches, they're made like him, unbelievable! The spicy tuna kicks ass like Walker Texas Ranger and will blow your mind with it's habanero mustard and banana peppers.  But the grilled cheese delux will hold you hostage in your seat until you finish every bite with the smooth cream cheese and avocados melting your brain.  Just do you yourself a favor and make sure you choose the garlic cheese bread as your weapon of choice.  Don't forget, Chuck Norris has three meals a day...blood, sweat, and tears...at Rubicon! (Only when he wants you to see him)
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,3/5/2012,268,411,11,12,13>I love myself a good burger, especially with lots and lots of cheese. So when I heard that this place has cheese stuffed burger patties, I was sold :)The outer decor looks super eh, but once you are inside, it's simple and classy. We were immediately greeted and the guy working the register (i'm thinking the owner) was SO friendly. Honestly, the friendliest person I've ever ordered food from! I ordered the OG burger - cajun sauce - onions + EGG. Yes EGG. (mmmm my favorite burger topping) 5 dollars for the burger, 1 dollar extra for egg, not too bad.Food came out in decent time and the burger was HUGE. I could barely stick it in my mouth (twss). It was extremely delicious!! Lots of delicious cheese stuffed in there and the egg they put on the burger was HUGE, definitely worth the extra dollar. My only complaint (which isn't even really a complaint) was that the burger patty wasn't as beefy as I like. It was still DELICIOUS though and def. worth trying.They had tons of other items on their menu which I will definitely try when I come back, because I WILL be coming back, haha. Their prices matched with their portions matched with their friendly service matched with their deliciousness = decent establishment. Don't avoid this place because the parking lot is crazy, it's worth it :)
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,3/4/2012,255,201,8,7,5>I cannot believe I have never reviewed Redwing before, scratch that, everyone says that, but seriously, I'm shocked.Maybe it's a little ironic to review a bar when I'm this far along with child, but maybe it's good for me to reminisce a bit about the life I used to live.  Besides, let's be honest, the last time I went here was only about a month ago.  Let's just say I give new meaning to belly-up to the bar.  (Drop the judgemental attitude, I drank root beer!)I love, love, love this place.  It's the ultimate dive bar, situated at the corner of Lincoln and 30th, practically next door to my second job (not El Cajon Blvd, thankyouverymuch).  They have karaoke, drag queens, generous bartenders, and endless entertainment.  Reuben always ends up our bartender and he somehow tolerates my boyfriend, his BFF, and even my boyfriend's innovative witticisms, like, "We need to close the tab, my girlfriend just went into labor."  Hardy har har har.Overall, it's totally my scene, even as a straight lady, I have a great time EVERY time.  I think I sang karaoke and actually made a few dollars once upon a time.  Maybe I should try to remember that I'm straight after a couple of beers; I may have left some broken hearts in the bathroom.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2012,3/3/2012,179,78,15,18,14>"I've been to 80 sushi bars in 20 cities in 10 different countries and I have never seen pre-cut fish at a sushi bar.  Is this even fresh?"  To my left is a gentleman whose sushi resume is clearly as impressive as his rhinestone-studded jeans and I'm not sure if he's trying to embarrass his date or ruin the waitress' night, but their expressions indicate he's doing a bang up job at both.  As much as I hate to agree, something inside me died when I saw evidence that Bluefin was morphing into an overpriced version of Sushi Deli.What happened to you, Bluefin?  You used to be cool.  It was you who finally brought decent sushi to the UTC area.  The rolls were big, unique and reasonably priced, you had a killer happy hour with great drink specials, and you even had legitimate sushi bar offerings like live shrimp.  Now, as all that was good fades away, each visit is a little more disappointing than the previous; it pains me to deliver a 3-star rating to a restaurant that once provided a 5-star experience.**Note: Bluefin has come under new management recently and the pre-cut fish was not present during my last visit.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2011,3/2/2012,413,327,31,31,24>Perception is everything. If I was a girl I would probably rate Fluxx 5-stars. Why? No where else in Gaslamp can a girl "appear" as important, valuable, and special than at Fluxx. Alas, this comes at a price, and that price is about $20-40 paid at the door by men. Men equally well-dressed (usually), men equally as important and valuable, but definitely not as special, because let's face it: they're men. I am a man. I therefore do not enjoy Fluxx as much as a girl would. Please don't think I'm hating on Fluxx; on the contrary, I think it's great there is a place where girls can come dance and be treated well and drink from someones VIP that isn't theirs without question and be relatively safe from creepers and mass groups of dudes who are hungry like the wolf like elsewhere in downtown SD. The reason I do not enjoy Fluxx is because I am not a hungry wolf, only coming here with girls, yet because I have a twig 'n berries I'm treated as such. I was once charged $40 at the door even though it was my name on the guest-list and I brought six smokin' hot ladies. Not only that, I was dressed better than 95% of the people in the building (as usual) and I was invited to Fluxx to a table by the DJ that night. I could understand if I was dressed like a bum, had six other bro tag-a-longs similarly dressed, and no invite and/or guest list etc. This treatment wouldn't fly in other cities.The music here is awesome, and the rotation of guest DJs on EDM nights every Thursday is excellent. The industry nights on Mondays every few months are also creative with a surprise guest performance usually by a hip-hop genre artist like Too $hort. Venue-style performances by Above & Beyond, Cee Lo Green, Bob Sinclair and Eric Morillo have all been great as well. Unfortunately, as long as I am of the male gender, Fluxx will always hover between 2 to 3 stars in my book. Bouncers charging $100 at the door for Bob Sinclair? Please. This isn't Vegas.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,6/3/2010,158,76,15,24,17>Yogurt on the Rocks really rocks. I am a Yogurtland fan with all their flavors and toppings, but this new local business opens a new land in yogurt world. The comparison to Yogurtland is easy since they have the same concept with tons of flavors and toppings. Yogurt on the Rocks distinguishes itself with trying out new flavors such as a higher in protein vanilla, acai berry and pumpkin. They have 36 toppings and 8 fresh fruits. Yogurt on the Rocks is very clean, the employees are doing a great job keeping the place clean and sticky free. It looks stylish, with flat screen tv's with nutritional information and they even have a small lounge corner outside with green couches and higher tables. It's a local business with just one location for now and I like supporting that. It faces the parking lot (not Garnet) so there is tons of parking. All in all, they are $ 0.08 more expensive than Yogurtland with $ 0.38 per ounce, but definitely worth paying that little extra.
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,6/2/2010,620,1444,28,28,28>"Git yer lamb balls. Step right up!"Yes, like the North Park (NP) location, the Poway location sells lamb balls but they call them appropriately, lamb testicles. The NP location labels them, lamb balls, which is very uncouth.Other differences include the spelling of tabouli (NP) and tabouleh (Poway). Just pointing it out, not trying to be an asshat or anything so calm down. I was recently at the North Produce in NP and no more tabouleh or baba ganooj for the next couple of months. When you live by yourself and you eat a pound each of tabouleh and baba ganooj, you're done. Yes, a pound each over the course of two days. I left with a lot of fruit, some non-alcoholic drinks and olives. The olives were very good with a few here and there that were too old but at $1.99/lb., I am not complaining!The seafood section consisted primarily of frozen fish (e.g. tilapia, cod). This grocery store isn't the place to buy fresh hotate-gai or bourbon-smoked salmon (see notes below). Many of these frozen fish species can be used in heavily spiced stew.  The meat selection was interesting. I've had lamb tongue at a restaurant and it was very good. Sooner or later, I'd like to embark on this feat. It's just fileting the tongue that would be the hard part. They didn't have any plastic hand baskets available except for this Big Lots basket that I think someone brought in discreetly. Their Prosciutto di Parma is $14.99/lb. compared to the $19.99/lb. at Ralphs or $21.99/lb. Bristol Farms. North Park Produce = VALUE. Organic lemons were $0.29/lb. Strawberries? $2.29 for a 1-lb. box. Pineapples? 2 bucks and change for a decent-sized pineapple.Their bagged tea selection is quite extensive (insert tea bag joke here). But I'm being serious. The loose leaf selection is minimal at best but lots of ready-to-steep tea and decently priced too. They even have quite a few selections of Chinese tea. They have items from other continents as well such as Pocky Sticks. LOL. I thought about buying one but couldn't get myself to!A HELPFUL NOTE: Don't judge North Park Produce by their lack of service or lack of fresh grade A (veinless) foie gras. IT'S NOT THAT KIND OF STORE. Humble yourself to North Park Produce; get over the fact that it's grungy and you will have a great shopping experience, I promise. "Awww, they don't have this. They don't have that. The prosciutto looks old. Eww, the pepperoni brand is Hormel" - Close your lips and stop whining. It's not that kind of store.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,6/1/2010,415,328,15,14,15>This review is a bit overdue. How overdue? Well I found this place while taking the long trek back from the Santarchy pub crawl to my DDs jeep (dude, he parked like a mile away). Since I was appropriately dressed as naughty Santa and he was dressed as a less sexy version of Santa, we thought this would be a perfect time to check this place out. Actually he recommended it. There are three levels to this store. Everything is artfully displayed and very clean and organized. The staff is eager to help and fairly knowledgeable about all that they sell. The first level has supplements, clothing and other misc items. The next two levels are where you will find the good stuff. The third level even had a swing with a gallon jar of jelly sitting on the floor next to it, so I have to say this is a full service place. I think I made Santa nervous when I eyed the swing, commented on the gallon of jelly and gave him an evil wink. Heh heh ;-) I left mankind with new knowledge on what supplements can make a guy go the distance (Santa had a lot of questions and the clerk was happy to answer them) and a shirt for my buddy Chris that says "May I recommend the sausage?" with a downward pointing finger. I still have to get that to him. Hmmmm...
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2008,5/31/2010,166,31,9,25,17>OK here's the run down they have 4 locations two Restaurants and 3 Loncheras (Lunch Trucks).  I eat the trucks more than the restaurant, all great quality. I have not found a place north of the border that has better Mariscos tacos than German.The location I'm reviewing is their Restaurant (a dive), however at 8pm the restaurant closes and they roll out the Lunchero. I was turned onto the San Ysidro Truck location years ago by a Friend. This is a family owned business that started 24 years ago. Although all the signs say  "San Felipe Style", personally I think their food is more Sinaloa style. I met the owner today hes a very nice guy.First of all I recommend the tacos and tacos only. The Menu is not to clear as to what is what, so here are some simple explanations of their more popular tacos to help you. Taco Gobernador - These have an awesome deep smokey flavor to them. The Grilled shrimp is huge mixed with charred bits of peppers,tomatoes,onions,celery  and melted cheese. The shrimp is perfectly cooked , not overcooked like most places. This is my favorite taco at this place, in fact one of my favorites anywhere. (see pictures).Taco Marlyn -  Smoked Marlin. Charred, smokey Marlyn  paired with melted cheese, roasted tomato and peppers . The red smoked Marlyn almost looks like carnitas. Awesome Taco Cayo -  Grilled Scallops cabbage, tomato, onions, and white sauce (see pics).Taco Pulpo  Mexicano -  Rounds of tender sweet caramelized peppered octopus. A favorite amongst my friends. Don't let octopus scare you give it a try.Taco Camaron Ajo - Garlic and cracked pepper oil fried shrimp with the Chile strips and cheese. daummmmmmmm!!Taco Camaron Encebollado - shrimp with grilled onions Taco Mariscada - Mixed Seafood Shrimp, Octopus, Clams, Mussels, Fish Fillet, and Crab (I think?) I haven't tried this one yet.The Fish Tacos are their best bargin at only $1.25That's only half of the tacos they have. All cooked fresh to order generously packed. With exception of the fish tacos the prices range  from $2.25-$ 3.75.The tacos are huge so don't order more than two at a time. You will be asked if you want Caldo (soup) with your tacos, its free. The caldo has shrimp complete with head, shell, and tail. The restaurant takes Credit Cards $10.00 Minimum. The trucks are all cash only. The Restaurant has a more extensive menu. The trucks Serve Tacos, Totasdas, Caldos, Cockteles, Clamatos, Botanas and Burritos (All Mariscos). All Tacos come with Lime and Marinated Red Onions on the side. The restaurant is decorated with Star fish, Palapas and Fish Nets. Theirs only a handful of tables so I recommend an Early lunch 11-1130. There's a jukebox blaring some Banda music and its pretty loud. If this place was near  the beach id swear I was in Sinaloa. I honestly prefer the trucks however if your looking for a sit down Mariscos place this is the ticket. Just don't expect a Marine Room atmosphere, 4 stars based on food alone.UPDATE 4-16-08***** No air conditioning here so choose the right time of day, or dress accordingly.Other LocationsTruck 1 3269 Beyer San YsidroTruck 2 1740 South 43rd St SDTruck 3 35th and University (Market Place)They also just opened a restaurant in Spring Valley I need to check out. Don't let the looks fool you.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,5/30/2010,184,125,9,8,9>Candles + Couches + Pillows  + Sangria = SEXY TIME!  LOVED this dinner experience.  Jason (host, bartender and waiter) is amazing.  Menu is exotic but not overwhelming at all.  Chicken tangine was orgasmic.  Lamb shank tangine was super sweet (too sweet to be a favorite) - I called it Sugar Meat all night.  The sangrias made that joke seem really funny at the time.  Couscous was so good with a taste of honey.I will be back for more spiced sangria and chicken tangine.  The romantic atmosphere was super relaxing.  Love!
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,5/29/2010,107,44,5,11,6>Lets be honest. It has been a long time since I went to a new spot downtown & said "Wow, this place plays great music, has an awesome vibe, & the people are actually really fun to be around!"All of the employees are sooo kind & they actually seem like they love their job. Annie was our Hostess & Brittany was our waitress. They both welcomed us & made sure we were taken care of :) I walked over to the bar & Brandon made me one of their specialty drinks. I forgot the name but it had Organic Cucumber Vodka. Ahhhh, so refreshing! I kinda want one right now! LOL.After a few rounds of drinks we decided we weren't very hungry so we didn't order anything off of the menu. Next time for sure!. So lets go over the amazing qualities this place offers:1. amazing music 2. great ambiance 3. awesome staff 4. wonderful food (from what i heard) 5. gorgeous brand new restaurant with a chicago vibe (i love chicago) And thats all!You have to check this place out
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2010,5/28/2010,366,87,26,28,24>Want a high that drugs, shop lifting, alcohol, and coffee can't give you?Why not jump out of an airplane 13,000 ft and then free fall! =)My friends and I went here for my 22nd birthday and got an adrenaline rush like no other!  Believe me! There are many packages and deals you can score at Skydive San Diego. You can go solo, tandem, get certified... We all had a coupon that for $200 you get a tandem skydive and a videotape of your experience. I wanted photos too so that cost extra and it is worth the $! You get like 25+ pictures of yourself in the sky doing some mad crazy faces and positions. Before going to Skydive San Diego, I recommend that you make a reservation so you don't have to sit and wait there for so long because surprisingly there are a lot of people daily. We all had to sign/read a hefty packet which you are basically signing your life away and that you won't sue them. It is pretty intense and psyches you up for the thrill. Words like DEATH appear often ha haAfter, we had a training session which takes like literally 2 minutes. Stick your feet straight out when you land and hang on! Not too difficult!Then you just wait till your name is called and they harness you up. A group of 8-10 people go into a small plane. As you get higher and higher you just, well I got more excited! I wasn't really scared just anxious to jump out of that fucking plane and FLY baby! HOLY SHIT. Once that airplane door swings open. You have no choice. My advice is to just don't hesitate and just jump. Before we went up, I told my instructor that I wanted to do mad flips and spins. So he decides that we are going to do a back flip out of the plane. DOWNNNNNN! WHOOO WEEEE! In the sky the wind is blowing like crazy and your face is jiggling. Like your cheeks go back into your ears. You are trying to smile but you really can't so you end up doing a goofy face. Once the parachute goes, you get a gorgeous view of San Diego. My advice is to go right when sunset is happening! If you don't live in Otay Lakes, expect to pay a toll fee twice! I didn't pay one way on the way back because I figured I already paid coming in. Shoot got billed $100 dollars. So pay that shit. The instructors and people who work there are all crazy hooligans and are hilarious! Which is not surprising because they jump out of planes a million times a day for a living!You only live once and since we all live in beautiful SD why not fly the skies!
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,5/27/2010,235,251,14,15,14>I have never in my life craved a salad. NEVER. I also called anyone who ever said they crave salad and wasn't on an 18th century voyage to the "new world" with nothing but salt pork and hard tack a liar.BEST SALADS EVER. I drive up here from Point Loma for SALAD. It's that good. Someday I hope to convert my coworkers into Marketplace salad lovers too.
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,5/26/2010,632,1049,14,23,23>Seafood lovers rejoice! If you love seafood like I do, El Pescador Fish Market is the place to go. It reminds me of a little slice of Fisherman's Wharf back home in San Francisco and a little slice of Pike Place Fish Market in Seattle right here in La Jolla. They have amazingly fresh fish and seafood and it shows in both the taste and also the price. You get what you pay for. I love this place because it's very clean and tidy for a fish market (without the fishy smell) and also it's very small and quaint in the middle of downtown La Jolla. It's easy to miss and tucked in between China Chef and Wahoo Fish Tacos. Parking is horrible around this area, but if you do find any, it's a great place to have lunch. I went around the early afternoon around 1:00-2:00 PM each time and there were tables (there's only four). For starters, the clam chowder is very good and rivals that of clam chowder from back home; but because of Iris C.'s dislike of clam, I opted not to get any this time. Instead, we went for a seafood cocktail and got a Medium Combo, which is Dungeness Crab with Medium Shrimp in cocktail sauce. It was very fresh, clean and light. It was also very small and cost $6.50, but it's worth trying once. There were so many different types of fish to choose from, but Iris C. tricked me into getting the Alaskan Halibut with Lemon Butter plate, while she chose the Sea Bass with Olive Oil & Garlic. Her sea bass really tasted flavorful with the garlic. The halibut was good too, but not as good as the sea bass. When choosing your meal, you can have the option of having your fish in a sandwich, with a salad, or on a plate of rice with salad on the side. I will return to try the other types of fish.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2008,5/25/2010,116,294,20,13,13>The last time I was at Albie's, there was an old woman (circa 80 years old or so) with a name like Cokie at the piano bar singing the song "Strip Polka" (the chorus, which many dirty old men sang along with, "Take it off! Take it off!") And she sounded like she'd been smoking cigarettes since she was a fetus.The paintings on the wall are of naked ladies. The drinks are stiff, and made by a grumpy barkeep who has probably been here since Albie's opened decades ago, the booths are patent leather and the decor has clearly not been updated since inception.Basically, this place rules.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,5/6/2014,120,339,10,11,12>There's an ancient Chinese proverb that goes "when one comes in contact with Dumpling Inn potstickers one finds inner peace and stuff." Or something like that. The potstickers are really great.  And i think Xia Long Pao  must mean "I just waited a long time and I want your famous dumplings." Since it seems like this is the first thing everyone there says when they first sit down. And they aren't to be missed. The chow mein with handmade noodles is the best I've ever had.  And growing up in NYC means that we ate Chinese like it was our job. The fish in black bean sauce was very good but not up to the rank of the other dishes. Look, the wait will likely be terrible for you. But, the good news is that you can use the time to walk over to 7*11 and get some cerveza since Dumpling Inn is BYOB.  What what?  Yup. Like that. Enjoy.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,5/5/2014,254,415,6,11,8>This is my first experience with a food truck that wasn't just a fancy little hipster dive on wheels, i.e., a true Mexican food truck. Usually, not eating red meat cuts me out, so I just avoid. Well I put the blinders on this time, and got some of "THE BEST FISH TACOS EVER," as previously referenced and prayed to the foodie gods that there's no lard in those tacos or that it didn't kill me.99 cent tacos and an unreal shrimp soup? This place is like a dream. Let's amend that, this place is in my dreams. I cannot stop thinking about those tacos. They aren't greasy or heavy, yet are still filling. I can't wait to go back!Also, it bears noting that without all these reviews, I would have never gone to this truck, so thank you fellow yelpers for this one!PS: Cash only.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,5/4/2014,168,425,9,9,8>I love sandwiches. No, like I really love sandwiches. I'm pretty much a female Joey Tribbiani when it comes to eating sandwiches (if you know who that is without Googling we could be friends). Or like the little spry grandma from Bad Santa. That could be me too. I just love the things. My husband found this place on Yelp because he was looking for a cheesesteak and Yelp said "GO HERE" and pointed at Gaglione Brothers. We've been twice already in as many weeks and I'm sure we'll be back again this weekend. So far my sandwich of choice is the Sophia Loren. Hot, like her. I also enjoy piling a bunch of pickles into a plastic cup to eat as an appetizer. Because I love pickles almost as much as I love sandwiches. My husband said the cheesesteak was the best he'd ever had. I'll have to take his word on it because I don't eat cheesesteaks. I don't tend to enjoy sandwiches that are 100% piles of meat. The garlic fries are also exquisite. Especially if you love garlic almost as much as you love sandwiches and sort of the same as you love pickles but in a different way because you eat it differently than pickles but they both have an equal portion of your stomach-heart. You know.Also, are there Cheez Whiz fries? If there are, I'm totally eating those next time. I haven't had Cheez Whiz since I realized I was eating liquid cheese from a jar, but I think I'm ready to risk it again. I'm brave and adventurous. Bring on the plastic cheese!
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/3/2014,199,280,6,11,8>I'm so glad that Gaslamp has a new, authentic Chinese restaurant that is also a hip place you would actually go to with friends or company!#1: Locals can now stay downtown for authentic Chinese food! Gaslamp is seriously lacking in Chinese grub, other than the delicious Panda Inn at the very top level of Horton Plaza.  If you're a local like me, you do NOT want to drive up to the Convoy area when you would rather dine steps away in your backyard. And regarding Panda Inn, it's a generally acceptable principle that no one wants to go to the mall to eat, unless you're already shopping there.#2: It's hard to find quality late-night dining in the Gaslamp that isn't a) gastropub fare (read: fried) or b) greasy Mexican food. The menu boasts a variety of traditional entrees, dim sum, and appetizers, and even fusion items like saladsand cream cheese wontons. items from Lucky Liu's is open 'til midnight on Fridays and Saturdays!#3: Decor is modern rustic, atmosphere is ambient with Asian charm. Think Burlap, minus the koi pond. Fun and hip!#4: The open kitchen is quite a treat, as you can watch the chefs working through big glass windows as you walk by on J Street.#5: Fantastic service! Regarding the food, we tried:--Fried Noodles (#61, crispy Hong Kong style noodles with an assortment of veggies and choice of meat): large portion, multi-dimensional sauce bursting with fresh garlic, ginger and other flavors. Authentic and not overly greasy as some restaurants can be with this dish.--Steamed bbq pork buns: definitely on the small side and not much meat inside. Authentic!--Shrimp sui mai, deliciously juicyWill definitely be back to try more menu items!
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,5/2/2014,99,106,8,11,10>I always feel like sit down Mexican restaurants such as this one is considered "Americanized". Yes these places serve Mexican food but their flavors aren't quite right...much like fancy "Chinese" restaurants, yes it says Chinese food but you know it's mostly fried meat covered in some sweet sauce stamped with a name that suggests Asian origins. Okay I'm digressing, point is, I don't expect authenticity from places like this...only a mark up in price because of its sit down environment. With that said this place surpassed my expectations. It tastes LEGIT!!!!! I always order chili verde at places like this and damn was this one of the best I've had. The pork was SUPER juicy and tender. Usually I find lots of fatty pieces or just straight chunks of fat but not here! I got good pieces of pork with minimal to no fat around it. The small amount of fat that I did find actually contributed to the overall flavor rather than overwhelm the dish like I've experienced in the past. We also got the 3 combo plate. Chicken taco, shredded beef burrito, andddddddd I can't recall the last item because I had a little too much alcohol in my system plus their margarita which is suppose to be strong but again I can't recall (don't judge me). Their portions are large so we had a full to go box to take home between two dishes. I can't speak from experience because someone ate the left overs before I knew it was gone BUT it's suppose to be some bomb left overs (I'm not bitter I swear).
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,5/1/2014,242,397,15,24,17>Shifting from the Puesto in La Jolla to the new one downtown is like being the small-town girl living in a lonely world who takes the midnight train going anywhere. That's how remarkably different the experience is. One is trendy, semi-fast-food Mexican where you can partake in made-to-order tacos, the other is trendy night life Mexican where all the beautiful people make reservations and go to utter the world "mole."Downtown Puesto has as much atmosphere as it does customers on a Friday night, which is to say, a lot. My date and I sat at the bar because the hostess told us it would be a 30-45 minute wait otherwise. That said, the bar stools, complete with actual padding were much more comfortable than the wooden ones one normally finds, and they seemed to go well with the setup of the actual tables, where it seemed one didn't so much sit as lounge.After we sat and ordered, the bartender offered us a complementary serving of chips and salsa, which I thought was nice. Not that it was really necessary because our dishes came out really fast (they kept that aspect from the original location at least).I had ordered the "Bandera de Mole," which was a plate featuring three different types of chicken mole and some corn tortillas on the side. I tried the traditional chocolate mole first, and it ended up being my favorite as it featured a rich cocoa flavor that reminded me of Cocoa Krispies (in a good way). The second, the almond, confused me until I stopped expecting a sweet amaretto flavor, then I was able to better appreciate the meatier taste it presented. The "green" mole, which seemed to be comprised mostly of cilantro, was the most interesting to the extent that it really committed itself to a uniform cilantro flavor with just a hint of spice. The meal came complete with small cylindrical portions of rice and means, and the overall presentation was very beautiful. Heck, they even use flowers as a garnish. Summary: Go to the new Puesto, and you won't stop believing.
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,4/30/2014,330,292,10,14,13>Breathtaking view of San Diego on a clear day or night. I would recommend going during the summer when it's warmer, what with the elevation. The last time I went, it was a bit cloudy and chilly, but the view was still memorable.Definitely recommend a slow drive up and down. Take someone with you, have great conversations, and experience San Diego in a way you haven't before. I'm really open-minded when it comes to religion, so I won't comment on my opinion of the cross. Come here when you get the chance - you won't regret it.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,4/29/2014,353,255,10,14,14>I can't believe it took me this long to write a review - I think I've told everyone I've come into contact with how amazing this place is. And it is - AMAZING. You know you're in the right place when you're surrounded by actual Italians eating there. It seems as though no other culture takes their cuisine as serious - and they don't eff around. Our server was incredible and knowledgeable- he went through the menu with us, gave honest opinions and let us know what was made fresh in house. He also helped us make great wine selections! Loved him! We devoured the bread and butter to start and it was love at first bite. For dinner, my dining companion ordered the seasonal special - pumpkin ravioli - as suggested and it was fantastic. I wasn't interested in any pumpkiny nonsense, but it totally changed my mind.I was all about the lobster ravioli, except I was really in the mood for a creamier sauce so I almost ordered the mushroom, before our server saved the day and told me he could have the lobster concocted with a saffron cream sauce. Whaaat? Lets do it. MAMA MIA - what an excellent decision! Best meal I've had in ages. I practically licked the plate - it was SO damn good. I dream about it still. And to end our perfect dinner we thought it was appropriate to have some dessert. After much debate, we decided to ask our lovely server what he suggested. The Napoleon, no hesitation. Without fail, he was so right. It was the best I've had. So so good. Made in house of course and good to the last bite. I seriously can't wait to return here. I loved the service, I still dream about the food and I loved the open, family style, yet still refined atmosphere. It might be my new favorite restaurant. No joke.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,4/28/2014,1165,834,12,20,15>Snack Shack has only been in my neighborhood for like 2 years -- but it's practically an SD institution now.I can't think of any other SD restaurant that has accumulated so much buzz and so many accolades so quickly.  Yet it's all completely deserved.  All that buzz has led to seemingly endless lines of people who congregate out front during peak dining hours.  They've all discovered that Snack Shack is the only place in SD where you can consistently get AMAZING gourmet meals on the cheap.I've tasted most of the menu by now, and there isn't a single dud on there.The pork belly app?  AMAZING.The carnitas tacos?  AMAZING.The steak sandwich?  AMAZING.The Triple Threat pork sandwich?  AMAZING.The beet terrine?  AMAZING.The poutine?  AMAZING.The seasoned fries?  AMAZING.Snack Shack has only gotten better since the remodel/expansion.  There are tons more tables and chairs now, so you don't have to hover and stalk other customers to score a place to sit, like you used to.  Also, local craft beers are now flowing freely at the "pig pen" bar in back.  Instead of dropping by Snack Shack before or after bar-hopping, you can make Snack Shack *part* of the bar-hopping itinerary.  Not too shabby.I'm so fortunate to have Snack Shack practically in my backyard!
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,4/27/2014,243,103,10,14,11>Yum! I got the cake batter, original & Dole whip and it was an excellent combo of sweet, tart, and fruity. I've never tried the famous whip at Disneyland, so it was exciting for me! Verdict? Sweet, but delicious in small portions. The OCD in me rejoiced at the cleanliness and neatness in the toppings section...I even felt guilty when I spilled a couple walnuts into the fruits. It was that clean. The fruits were all good, especially the kiwi and mango. I'd like to see more frozen yogurts with only fruits or fruit juices as added sweeteners, so I hope Penguin will lead the way with naturally sweetened frozen treats. Next time I'm going for the crepes. Mmm crepes topped with Dole whip and berries. My sweet tooth will be smiling and singing Disney tunes.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2009,1/20/2009,722,527,11,16,15>ive been eating here a while, so im surprised at myself for finally getting around to its review. especially since i work just a couple blocks from here, i like reviewing my daily staples...the GRUB:- hot pastrami - hint: better when its the special sub of the day - is a decent pastrami sub for its size (MAYBE 8 inches) and price... yeah the breads are tasty (they have whole wheat bread as an option now too)... the toppings are fresh (tomatoes and lettuce)... but the amount of deli meats, in proportion to the amount of bread could be more...- fiery hot cappy - see above but instead of pastrami, its capecola meat and jalepenos- roast beef and cheese - same as above but substitute the meat with roast beef instead- bags of chips, soups, sodas, juices, and coffee round out their menu- the infamous "Grab n Go" subs sitting on the counter for ultra fast take out is the same as the sammys described above but sub in Cold Cuts for the meats...**and thats just it - the menu is pretty boring IMO... at least at subway i can pick spinach instead of lettuce... add olives... bell peppers... onions... have mayo, mustard or some sort of fancy sauce like chipotle bbq (quiznos) rather than GnG's standard oil and vinegar condiment  the JOINT:- downtown, and busy (mostly Govt workers, Jurors, Office workers, etc)- standard minimal seating inside, a bar/counter that seats 6 or 7, and outside tables facing the whizzing trolleythe SQUEEZE:- $6 for the sammy alone, another $2 for the soda, and $1 for the chips = a little pricey for quick lunch- cash encouraged, but will take plastics- no parking, you must walk from work or the mallGood change of pace deli for someone chained to the grind in downtown for work or living... but i tend to stick to the 5 dollar footlongs at Subway @ the courthouse, Quizzies @ Spreckles, Beach City Market @ the Mall, or the Cheese Shop on 4th...
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,1/19/2009,99,106,9,9,9>lower your palette expectations and raise your good times expectations because that is what betty's is about ~ good fu&#in' times!  one of the best happy hours in hillcrest and in town.  $3 margaritas and "selected" appetizers will get you and your date out of there in $10 with a fresh buzz and full belly.  NICE! and the waitstaff are fun (of course they are, it's betty's!!)  great audibles, like MJ, OMD, pointer sisters and lots of fun UNforgettable 80's and dance music fill the air while you sip on your virtually free margaritas and chat away happy hours (2pm-6pm).  you will know when happy hour comes to a close, so you can squeeze one more drink in - Paco will be ringing the bell and yelling "last call for happy hour" - sometimes its startling but , hey, that's a small price to pay for a small price to pay...
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,1/17/2009,246,282,17,15,13>Okay Boys and Girls, here's a science experiment that you DO NOT want to try at home- Did you know that if you accidentally reverse the energy polarity by putting ONE of eight power batteries in backwards in your brand new dive light (because you're tired after flying in at 12:30 AM but so you're stoked because your buddy text messaged you to go lobster diving later that evening so you want to get ready early) and then take it in the ocean it might IMPLODE in your hand when you try to turn it on!!! Whee, what a fun waste of $$$!!! Amazing, TRUE, and will someone please call Bill Nye to explain why this happened in greater detail?!?!So I needed a new dive light because I was supposed to go out for another dive the following night. I logged on to yelp and found the North County Scuba Center, not far from my house. This is a SOLID little dive store with a very good selection of equipment for scuba, spearfishing, and freediving. These are all sports that have some inherent amount of risk and every coach that has trained me for the ocean has said to choose quality over price when you are putting yourself at risk from drowning. The guy at NCSC was totally COOL and let me talk his head off about what happened. He then showed me his selection of lights and had me shine each one up on the ceiling in order to explain the differences in bulbs, brightness, and durability. He patiently answered all of my questions and did not rush me to make a buying decision. I opted for an excellent light that literally saved my butt as I was getting pounded in the surf later that night after getting hit by a stingray in my leg (I was reaching for a 2 lb lobster and the stupid ray was tagging behind me) and trying to make it back to shore. So YAY North County Scuba Center, your selection and service are GREAT!!! You are now my first stop when I need dive gear! With that in mind, can you please protect my buds and me from those pesky stingrays, or, better yet, send them all to Bill Nye???
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,1/16/2009,422,258,16,25,23>If the Tavern next door is a dive bar, then this is a dive cafe.My wife and I were meeting up with an ex-Yelper and old friend last night, and we decided upon Hamilton's because it had both a good selection of beer and some tasty food.  Unfortunately, but 5pm on Friday night there was no place left to sit in the Tavern and the music was so loud we couldn't talk to each other, let alone get caught up with our old friend.So we found ourselves next door at Hamilton's Cafe. But once we found out our friends were going to be somewhat late, my wife and I decided to get the "Fast Nachos".  For starters, it's not nachos on chips.  It's french fries (or as they call them, "pub chips").  And when the description on the menu says they are drenched, they mean it.  They take some of their fries, and pour an entire bowl of the jalapeno beer cheese soup on top, completely soaking every single fry in the bowl.  No naked chips to be found.  Then they add some sour cream, green onions, and to push it to 11, they add bacon.It arrived at our table steaming and incredibly wonderful.  My wife, who is somewhat of a picky eater, was fighting me for every bite.  I think I may have a few fork marks in the back of my hand.Later on, once our guests arrived, we got some more food.  Specifically, they shared a Witchfyre Ninja grilled cheese, and my wife and I got a Merican Burger and a Blue Boy burger.  Our friends said they had never eaten so many jalapenos in one sitting as they had with that grilled cheese sandwich, but they were both raving over it and debating coming back on a regular basis, just for that sandwich.  The burgers that my wife and I shared were equally tasty.The biggest downside to this little eatery is that it isn't set up for real business.  It's clearly there only as a food-service for the tavern.  They had several tables, but only one full-size table was usable for patrons who wanted to dine there, as the rest were either inaccessible or had stacks of groceries on them.  And service isn't up to par for a cafe, either.  My wife and I sat at the table for about 20 minutes waiting for our friends to arrive before any of the employees even acknowledged us.  If I lived closer, I'd probably go back there from time to time. It's a good little place to get some great food for a reasonable price, if all you want is the food and the ambiance isn't essential.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/15/2009,111,107,28,17,18>I'm no Philly native or expert on cheese steak sandwiches. Really I'm just a short, overweight, half Chinese guy who likes food that gives you high cholesterol. So on a beautiful day in San Diego, the wife, kid, and I went out to try the cheese steaks at Gaglione Bros. They are a bit pricey, but have you tried to make a cheese steak at home? It's far beyond throwing some meat between two slices of bread and adding cheese. My wife and I were the only ones there and the guy behind the grill was chopping away doing all sorts of magic tricks and tae kwon do stuff to our cheese steaks. The cheese steak sandwich with onions and cheese whiz was so tasty. Though, when I put cheese whiz on tacos, hamburgers, and cereal, it always enhances the flavor. The meat was chopped up so fine into little kibbles in bits, which reminded me of my favorite dog food. My wife got the mushroom cheese steak with provolone. It was so good I had an affair with it. But now I have to pay child support to a cheese steak I don't even talk to anymore. Though, I will always remember the melted provolone, grilled mushrooms, and onions that I found so sexy. They had custom size rolls for each size of sandwich which made the wife happy. None of that cut the bread in half sh*t that never equals a six inch. Her 9" cheese steak came on a 9" roll. I know this to be true because I measured it with one of my body parts and it was exactly 9". Then my wife told me to put my shoe back on. You pervs. If I were in the area and I was hungry for a cheese steak i would definitely stop in again. But I'm hardly ever in that area so I will move on to my next Adventures in Babysitting.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,1/14/2009,406,125,28,27,24>"NorthPark" reads the sign on the website...in hopes of luring neighborhood scenesters? This laundromat is definitely  the new hip cool place. I think Gabe Vega is even scheduled to DJ it. This could possibly be the first of many hip cool laundromats. Pretty soon they might even be selling PBR and Parliament cigarettes. They've got free Wi-Fi, free coffee, and even a drop off laundry service for the hipsters who are far too busy and rich to do their own laundry. Rich from mommy and daddy's money, that is. You walk into the laundromat and the first thing you notice, other than the sparkling white floor, is that there is an actual lit up, exact replica of the northpark sign right in the middle of the laundromat! Not to mention the murals of northpark on the walls. lol They claim to be the cleanest laundry in North Park, but in reality, this is the cleanest laundromat you will EVER find.  All the machines here are new, and everything is sparkling clean. The owner/manager/worker cleans up after everyone almost instantly. The floors are so clean that I'm pretty sure you could actually eat off of them.They also have this really cool water filter/machine thing in the back where you can buy a gallon of triple filtered drinking water for only 25 cents. This is not your average water machine ... it's covered in dials and gadgets. If the giant replica of the North Park sign isn't enough to get you in here, this should be. They also offer all sorts of specials on different days of the week, just lke your local dive bar.On Fridays in January they offer free professional laundry soap. On wednesdays, it's cheaper to wash, and so on...Right now it's their grand opening period so a 5 load washer is temporarily $3.25 to wash instead of $4.25.If you are too lazy to wash your own clothes as previously mentioned, they will do your laundry for you for about $1.15 a pound. They even have a cute little scale with it's own uniquely shaped basket.They also sell giant nylon laundry bags! $5 each. Go check out NorthPark's cleanest laundromat! If you drop a sock on the floor, you won't even have to re-wash it! Much better than Golden Hill laundromats by far. P.S. I am the coolest hipster of all, being the very first to review a Laundromat ... I am so on top of the laundromat scene...Yeah, no one else knows about this cool new laundromat, I'm so gonna get a million scene points!But yes, in all seriousness: it's a very clean, great laundromat, and it's not pretentious at all :)Go there the next time you do laundry!! [check out their website for hours and SOME of their discounts]Love, your friendly neighborhood [un]used laundromat sales[wo]man.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,1/13/2009,293,202,23,32,28>A wise person (Garth Algar) once said.We fear change.  I know now that sometimes change can be good. For some time now I've been thinking that San Diego needs a nice loungey bar slash restaurant with good service and a good vibe.   A place big enough to fit my elbows on the bar and enjoy a strong cocktail and steak without being sardined in.  Oh yea, good tunes at a reasonable volume is a must too.Too much to ask for?  Doubtful because you'll find it in La Mesa these days.Riviera Supper Club & Turquoise Room does just that.  There's plenty of parking. Ample seating and booths.Some old faces and new ones too.  A bigger and hotter grill.Same reasonably priced menu but with some new additions. (drumroll.....)Like, the cowboy ribeye, ks city ny strip, porterhouse, and stl pork spare ribs.  They've also got $5.50 sides big enough for seriously 3.....huge ass baked potatos, onion rings, bourbon & bacon beans, horseradish & garlic mashed potatoes, creamed corn, mac and cheese........Riviera is definitely going on the restaurant rotation....hopefully it doesn't become a cluster like every other good thing.  Enjoy! Soups on!
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2008,1/12/2009,10,16,18,12,12>I like The Office. I never went to Scolari's so I'm not tainted by any kind of undying love for that place.My only real advice and I wish I could bold this:WATCH YOUR FINGERS ON THE BAR STOOLS.For some reason the bar is about 1 inch higher than the arm rests for the stools...so if you're swinging around (the stools rotate, and who doesn't love spinning around?) and you're not careful, you can really pinch the shit out of your fingers.Finger severing aside: they have good DJ's here and there's always a great assortment of people.  The staff is friendly and the drinks aren't anywhere close to being expensive if you make over the Federal minimum wage.That said, I will say this one last time:WATCH YOUR FINGERS ON THE BAR STOOLS.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,1/11/2009,193,122,13,16,13>I just woke up from my 3 hour post brunch coma.  It is 5pm on a Sunday. I'd like to thank the folks at La Valencia Hotel and the makers of champagne everywhere.I think I've found my new favorite spot for brunch - the Mediterranean Room at the La Valencia Hotel.  We got there right at 11am, when brunch starts and I was surprised to see there was no on else waiting to be seated.  We had our choice of tables outside.  Our server was very nice and friendly.  The entire buffet was inside and included tons of seafood, sushi, salads, cheeses, hot breakfast and lunch options, omelette bar, meat, and a wide variety of desserts including a chocolate fountain.Since we were the first ones there we were the first ones through the buffet.  It was awesome.  All the food was fresh and looked and tasted great.  Our server was right on it with refilling our champagne.  And, every time we left to get more food, when we came back our napkins were refolded.  Classy.   The view was beautiful (see pic).  The crab legs were pre-cracked.  The Creme Brulee was the best I've ever had at a buffet.  It never got crowded while we were there.  I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,1/10/2009,318,307,22,22,22>Ladies and Gentlemen, For my 200th Review. I will share what falling in love feels like!It's called "Black Forrest Truffle"This isn't puppy love.  Maybe it is.I have been searching (like the hopeless romantic that i am) for the most perfect chocolate truffle in San Diego.  I have gone to many places.  All kinds of dessert and coffee joints.  None have given me so much hope with love as this Truffle did.   Do you remember the first time you lay eyes on some one and say "S/He is the one!" When constant staring games occurred during off times of seeing each other? You know the person (kinda of) and your afraid to talk to them because you get butterflies in your belly?  Remember the first hello. When you finally meet eye to eye and savior that brief moment of bliss.  Black Forest Truffle i finally met you!  and i'm in complete retarded LOVE!It was the first bite.  The moment the sweet dark chocolate glaze entered my mouth, I was in HEAVEN!  Then the bittersweet dark chocolate mousse.  It melted so delightfully in my mouth like the first kiss of a true love.  As i ate more, the Chocolate sponge so soft like the skin of a fresh shaved face. There is more.  I swear i didn't want this truffle to be finished although i savored it one bite at a time!   Finally like a foodgasim in your mouth the Cabernet Panna Cotta, Red Velvet sponge and brandied cherries!  The Black Forest Truffle was like making love for the first time!
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,9/26/2009,255,128,20,22,21>What in tarnation did I just find??It's the COWBOY STAR, partner!Been meaning to come here for months and finally rode into this high class saloon, err restaurant, midweek. No one here but the a few rough looking folk at the bar during happy hour. $3 beers, $5 wines, $7 mixes. Was kinda cool practically having the entire place to ourselves.Have to say that I was very impressed with the layout. Looking at it from the outside-in doesn't do it justice. Of course, it has the cowboy theme but you'll find that the restaurant is very cozy and welcoming.So the big thing here are the Steaks. They rustled me the Bison Ribeye and it was TREMENDOUSLY STUPENDOUS! Tender, juicy and cooked exactly how I wanted it. Each bite was enough to make any steak lover smile with satisfaction. It also came with some small sides of veggies and mashed potatoes in a flavorful gravy(and that gravy was good!). These sides are a nice addition because most high end steakhouses don't include them with their steaks and have to be ordered separately.To top off the evening, we got a dessert chocolate cake with a rich, chocolate filling "Oozing" out from the center. Even had a small bit of vanilla ice cream on the side. It looked so good it was hard to pass it up! And the taste.....it'll make ya say "Whoa Nellie! That was mighty good!"We had great service from the staff and they were very knowledgeable about the items on the menu. When you top that off with the cozy atmosphere and fabulous food, there's really nothing I could complain about. In fact, I couldn't stop talking about how good the food was as we rode off into the sunset.You can bet I'm stopping by this ranch again!Yippy Kay Yay!!!
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2009,9/25/2009,262,85,65,20,26>Dear Hare Krishna Temple of Pacific Beach,I apologize for having broken into your courtyard and making-out with one of my gentleman suitors on Friday night. It was highly inappropriate behavior, and quite honestly I think you deserve much better. Every time I walk or bike by your establishment, I encounter nothing but smiles and neighborly goodwill. I'm sure you don't need an obnoxious ne'er do well trolling around your temple and giggling at odd hours... so again, many apologies. But really, in terms of San Diego make-out spots, your courtyard is tip-top. Therefore, I give you four stars and two thumbs up. Thanks, Hare Krishna Temple of PB, for making the end of my Friday night memorable and for helping a sistah-friend get some. Much respect, LL
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2009,9/23/2009,489,320,18,25,22>I'm training for my very first half marathon (wish me luck!) and I needed some expert advice on proper running shoes. Through the help of Yelp and 5 star reviews, I found this company. Just like all the other great reviews..customer service is at it's best here. Carmela and Dean were very friendly and knowledgeable about the type of running shoes specifically for me. Carmela had me fill out a questionnaire and do a few tests through the foot scan. After discussing the results, I got to try on three different pairs of running shoes designed to match my foot type. I even got to test run each by running outside the vicinity. Being indecisive as I am, it took me a good half hour to decide on a pair. I settled for the most comfortable and lightweight rather than the look and style. I paid a little over 90 + tax for the Mizuno Wave Rider brand (in teal color accents). Let me tell you, I feel like I'm FLYING in these, which may have been the determining factor. I may have been overly excited running in these new shoes that it made it seem like I was running faster too. It also feels like I'm not wearing any shoes at all! It's magic! haha. I LOVE 'em! Thanks SDRI for making my visit as pleasant as ever. I look forward to visiting again soon and maybe participate in a few of your marathons (depending on how my first one goes) as well.
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,9/22/2009,166,79,23,20,21>"Just a trim on the sides, leave the front please"  EYE!!  I left that place lookin' like The Fonze from happy days..... Auntie started callin me Pogi before the haircut, and then after I guess I was too pangit cause she never called me pogi again...  =(None the less that place gave me memories that would stay with me for days to come....  Filipino owned, so expect to hear topics of school, military, parents, and girls...
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2009,9/21/2009,421,351,12,20,17>OMG what a gem!!! I am talking about Amber the host at the front counter. For all those reviews before mine that refer to her as the cute blonde behind the counter. Very courteous, knowledgeable and friendly, she is spot on with the customer service. She really knows her product line and it shows, she has a passion for the craft and that is conveyed thru her work. The Brewery itself is large and the tasting room is a pretty good size with a TV (and a big screen on the way) for your comfort. But don't get too comfy its standing room only with a few tables. It does tend to get a bit hot in there because it's a warehouse type setting, but you're getting the best handcrafted brew right from the source. The do serve pretzels for you to snack on, so don't complain about the heat it's just like the inside of most breweries. Well the Brew is amazing and quite complex and it's just to my likening :) This is what separates it from other breweries. They serve their top 5 brews in a 5 ounce sampler for $5.00 bucks. (See photo) What a deal. I went ahead and tried the bottom samplers; they have the bottom 4 specialty 5ounce tasters for $7.00 bucks and boy were they good. Reef Rye brown ale at 5.6 ABVEven Keel session ale at 3.5 ABVLongfin lager at 4.2 ABVSculpin  I.P.A. at 7.0 ABVThese were all excellent but left me wanting a little more, so Amber to rescue recommends a black eye! That would consist of Black Marlin Porter mixed with Big Eye India pale ale.... Wow was that good :) then I tried her Black Amber...now that consists of Black Marlin Porter mixed with Calico Amber Ale. Not as great as the Black eye but damn good....I will be coming back here for my fix of real beers and I highly recommend this place if you truly want to experience one of San Diego's finest breweries!Enjoy
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,9/20/2009,1800,266,20,21,20>Third times a charm...I guess? Was totally surprised because usually this place is dead as a doorknob and it was quite busy. There was a group of 'fixed gear' guys that all rode their bikes up there. Awhhh. Bikes dudes are tooo cute. Moving on...Okay so now I look like a LIAR as far as my price report on wings is concerned.Upon arriving at Wing Wednesday with some friends we noticed a little thing on the table that says '3 for $1, max order 18, extra dressings $.50'. WTF. Transition to normal stuffy winghouse?So we had Gilly, again, and when she came over we asked her what the heck is up and we werer informed of new management. Ugh...whatever? As for beer? Domestic pitchers are $7 and imports are $9. WHATEVER. Clarification...done.So when our wings finally came out after what seemed like an eternity (mostly mental and largely due to my lack of patience) and they werent quite as spicy as usual. Whatever though because they were still awesome.And our garlic fries? So hot and crispy and delicious. Looks like the new managements got something good goin on.Aside from the stupid dudes who were trying pathetically to play pool who kept knocking balls off the table (often coming our way) and hitting their sticks together...it was great.Cant wait til my next trip!
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,9/19/2009,519,365,23,25,25>First impressions are soooo important. And, in this case, Aqui es Texcoco's hit the roof!With raised eyebrows, I was pretty surprised when my brother wanted to try 'something new'. Usually, it's me dragging him around. But, this time he was interested in trying some lamb tacos and potato rolled tacos. Ooookay. Rolled potato tacos, I get. But, lamb tacos? Really, now!  I don't think I got this excited, since I wanted to try guinea pig in Peru.  Heck, my brother was doing the flying and buying. I'm so there. Sweeeet!Between the two of us, we ordered both the lamb and potato rolled tacos, 2 lamb rib meat tacos, a small order of lamb broth, 2 horchatas and flan. Though the lamb rolled tacos were good, everything else was seriously delicious. I really liked the potato rolled tacos more than the lamb ones.  But, my lamb rib meat taco was awesome! The meat alone, unseason, was greasy, flavorful, tender and tasty. Some people don't care for greasy meat, but I loved it!  Squeeze some extra limes and add onions on top...SCORE! For my Filipino folks out there, the lamb broth reminded me of a lightly seasoned, unbitter, milder tasting version of pinapaitan, which is made with goat meat. Still yummy. The horchata was made fresh and not from a packet. The flan...rich, creamy and divine! It was to drool over, for sure.Our total was $22 and some change. The owner was super, duper friendly. He answered all our questions, about the different cuts of lamb. He was also so nice to offer to save us a lambs head, the next time we roll down with our parents.  If I could have eaten more, I would have. I definitely look forward to going to this place again. I highly recommend it. It's good to know that Mexcian food is not just carne or pollo asada, anymore. Helllooooooooooooooo, LAMB!
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2009,9/18/2009,281,330,25,17,18>Whatever preconceptions I had about this and all county fairs were quickly drowned out in a cacophony of sights, sounds, and tastes the moment we entered the grounds. I felt like young George McFly as he was startled awake to his brain being "melted" by the Vulcan space alien (actually Marty in a radioactive suit blasting Eddie Van Halen through his walkman, but I digress.)You're gonna spend lots of $. Plan on it and you won't sweat the fact that, for example, a ride costs about $4 per minute of thrill.HITS:- BBQ Turkey legs- deep fried oreo (just one)- petting zoo (featuring "chickens as far as the eye can see"), also it's free- Actual CARNIES- open late, till 11 (fewer kids after dark)- Ferris wheelMISSES:- Incredibly short rides (about 1 minute)- deep fried oreos (2 or more)- the "As seen on TV" pavilion, where all your infomercial fantasies are under 1 roof!- No one actually said "Step right up!" during my visit
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,9/17/2009,637,268,20,23,20>I first read about Viva Pops! (yelp.com/biz_photos/KDnY…) in City Beat which lead me to their website. After that, I went to Yelp for more details and then it was time for an actual visit.A man such as myself can only eat so much dairy-based ice cream. Now with this place in the picture, I thought I'd try their offerings which consist of fruit-based, sugar-free and dairy-based pops (yelp.com/biz_photos/KDnY…).The Pops looked a bit small, in my opinion, even though at two dollah fiddy cent, it wasn't too outrageous or anything. I tried the Strawberry pop which, as I was told, was made from local berries. That thing really hit the spot and I finished it rather quickly. Next time, I'm definitely going for the Chocolate Banana. On the wall is a fairly large mural by a local artist whose name I can't remember but it was very well done (yelp.com/biz_photos/KDnY…).I'll definitely return with The Woman That I'm Currently Married To in tow because I KNOW she'll like most (if not all) of the flavors that are offered at Viva Pops!
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,9/15/2009,1138,193,36,29,26>In the words of Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson The Rock arrives to San Diego International Airport; while picking up his baggage from the baggage claim he senses a rumbling in his belly. He proceeds outside to his limousine, and then asks the limo driver "Do you know any good Philly cheese steak places here in San Diego?" Limo Driver say's "Yes Sir, I know a very good spot" The limousine arrives at Alex's Brown Bag."The Rock has come back to Alex's Brown Bag in San Diego"! *Crowd chants "Rocky, Rocky, Rocky!" *Raises the People's Eyebrow"The Rock entered the building and orders the Philly Cheese steak sandwich. Within minutes his order was ready for pick up. Rock sits quietly as he examines his sandwich then takes a bite; as his eyes are enlightened on how delicious his sandwich is.The Rock walks over to Dave the owner of Alex's Brown Bag*Raises the People's Eyebrow*"What is your name?" Dave say's Hello Rock my name is.."It doesn't matter what you're name is; but I do congratulate you on a very delicious spot in San Diego"*shakes Dave's Hand* Dave say's Rock thank you, with my gratitude I would like to present you a chocolate cupcake tasty kake, you can only get this in Philly. "Oh thank you Dave" The Rock takes chocolate cupcake and takes a bite; with shock in his eyes of how good this lovely dessert is. "mmmm, so good" "To all you Jabroni's who haven't tasted Alex's Brown Bag's delicious Original Philadelphia Cheese Steak Sandwich don't make me layeth the Smackethdown on your Candyasses!""So not only is the food awesome but they provides great friendly customer service as soon as you walk in; the atmosphere inside makes Will Smith feel like he's at home" "Please check out their menu at the below link if you disagree. The Rock is gonna go down to Know Your Role Boulevard, hang that right at Jabroni Drive, and proceed to check your candy ass in at the Smackdown Hotel" "If you SMELLLLLLLLLL!!!!"*Closes his eyes raises head smells the air*'What Alex's Brown Bag is cooking!"*Raises people's eyebrow*The Rock departs leaving very satisfied. alexsbrownbag.com/Pages/…
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2007,2/17/2007,80,240,7,2,2>I got the biggest compliment of my life in the HKNC: "Say, lady, you're the hottest thing in here!" Full set of teeth. Check. Lack of visible panty line through my spandex. Check. Lack of spandex. Check. Yep. I was the hottest! BTW, for added charm, the name is actually Hong Kong NITE Club. Drink cheap, play pool then get a tattoo next door to make it an unforgettable evening.
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2007,2/16/2007,122,13,,5,6>It's a nice coffeshop in the middle of a residential neighborhood. But really sticks out with its brightly painted mexican style exterior/interior. Aside from having a friendly staff, the coffee is  great. However, what won me over was the fact that one of the owners comes in every morning at 3:30 and starts to bake everything from scratch, muffins(e.g. sweet potato coconut, to blackberry/blueberry banana) with amazing flavor to different types of quiche which are equally as amazing. They also offer a whole menu of breakfast platters.So if you are in the University Heights area, definately check em out.
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2007,2/15/2007,111,235,,5,1>I read a review in American Way magazine that this place recently underwent $52 million in renovations.  The pictures of this classically styled hotel were amazing and reminded me of my much beloved Palace Hotel in San Francisco, so I gave it a try. The rooms were very small but the space was generally well done.  The bed overflowed with pillows and was amazingly comfy and cozy. The head board was a canvas with small figures painted on in black oil paint.  The decor of the entire hotel was a mix of modern and classical, from the pale blue padded walls and dark chocolate accented doors which blended with the deep brown wood work.  Still though the hotel seemed unfinished. As we walked to our rooms, I felt like was was staying in an over-sized boutique hotel (complete with ghosts) b/c of all the muted tones ate up the light.  The atmosphere would have been off-set if the hotel had classical music playing through the halls but instead, all you heard was the eerie silence of walking down a dark and narrow hallway to your room.We didn't make much use of the hotel services beyond the valet.  Coming into the room, it was clear that while it was re-done with all the modern conveniences, space was still an issue. The bathroom was wonderful, with a huge standing shower.  Unfortunately, the interior designer thought a floor rug would be appropriate without considering the fact that you couldn't open or close the door since the rug would get caught and cause a jam. (not enough clearance for the door.)Also, the Senso coffee maker, while new sleek and shiny just took too long to make mediocre coffee.  The placement of the machine was also poorly thought out b/c you had to move the machine to the other side of the desk to plug it in.  Lastly, for the room-rate per night, you'd think the hotel could spare a few bottles of water. Instead we ended up walking down to the restaurant to pick up a bottle since none was provided in the rooms and no vending machines were located on any of the floors.The location is very good if you're planning a night out. Right in the heart of San Diego and withing walking distance of Horton Plaza, Courthouses, and the Gas Lamp district.  Overall it's not a bad hotel and if I had more time to delight in its other amenities, I'm sure it would have ranked higher, but i was just underwhelmed with the first impression.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2006,2/14/2007,33,201,2,4,3>The Great White Pizza is a must-have, and I would highly recommend their red beer as well. It is very strong and very tasty. No matter what, make sure you try the pizookie (a fresh-out-of-the-pizza-oven cookie served with ice cream, aka "The Greatest Dessert In La Jolla") before you go.AV
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2007,2/13/2007,197,156,4,4,5>Pac Shores is a great little bar for those who don't want to spend a lot, but still want to get drunk in a room full of strangers.  Don't go here if you have a low tolerance, the drinks are stiff like my lover's chin, 1 shot looks a lot more like an actual drink.  2 SoCo & Lime shots and 2 beers are $12, anymore than one shot you are an alcoholic and possibly my neighbor.  The crowds in the evenings are mid 20's-early 30's, with a few creepy older guys in there to balance out the attractive/freaky ratio that OB is famous for.  The bartenders are chicks with a lot of tattoos, don't give them grief and you will be just fine.  Seating is hard to come by, they have these great big booths and usually only 2 or 3 people sitting in them, but it's a small place so they are dealing with limited room.  The bathrooms smell like uriney peppermint, so make sure you are drunk before you use them.  A lot of people start off their night at Pac Shores, they get good and drunk before heading out to Sunshine Company or one of the other bars on Newport Ave, its a great way to catch a quick buzz and not have your wallet shrink down a few sizes.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2007,2/12/2007,1070,429,4,3,4>If you're looking for a go-to PB bar on Sundays, Longboard's is your best bet. Fairly laidback and empty the rest of the week when the bar crowd filters down to the other bars, Sundays are when Longboard's is awesome. Generally some sort of live band, packed to the gills full of surfer dudes and wannabees (file me under the latter).Oh yeah, and their Adios MotherF*ckers are the strongest on Garnet. Always a plus. :)
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2006,2/11/2007,1095,3855,7,11,9>It is hard not to tell a lengthy story when it comes to Mariscos German, but I'll try to keep it as short as I can. We had left Phil's BBQ and if you read my review you'll know that we didn't order too much. I didn't want to wait some more so we left. I asked hubby to try to find a grocery store on the way back to the Navy Lodge (where we're staying). We took the 28th Street exit which is normally the way back to the Lodge, but instead of going south, I asked hubby to go north. We find ourselves in a residential area in the middle of nothing. As we drive along we suddenly see this taco truck parked in a parking lot with some tables and chairs set out. No one was there except the people working. Hubby kept driving for another 3 blocks before I told him to turn around. I didn't think we'd find a grocery store. I told him, "I'll be happy with a couple of tacos".We pulled into the driveway and hubby was all ready to go and get my tacos for me, but being me, I wasn't about to let him have all the fun of seeing what's out there. I think he was trying to be chivalrous with us being in the middle of nowhere. Immediately I ordered one fish taco (99 cents) and one taco al pastor. Hubby at first said he wasn't eating, but then asked for a taco carne asada. We watched as the ladies made up our food.As soon as the food was ready I was devouring my fish taco. God it was DELICIOUS!!! Lil guy started pecking at my taco al pastor. HEY, he said he wasn't having any! I then said I needed another taco since lil guy ate mine. Hubby wanted an al pastor one and lil guy said he wanted one more. GEEZ. So there we were waiting for 3 more tacos al pastor.At $1.50 per taco, we ended up eating $8.50 worth of tacos and it was the most satisfying taco meal I'd ever had. The al pastor was out of this world. The habanero sauce was also seriously needed for me to give my tacos the heat. One of the ladies screamed when I started spooing it onto my taco as she wasn't able to explain in English that it was super hot. Her daughter had to tell me, but then I can eat extremely spicy food, so I thought, how hot could it be? I drizzled it onto my finger, tasted it. It was good. I then spooned it onto my tacos.In the daytime this place is a restaurant, but by night, they close the restaurant portion and set up shop in their parking lot.AWESOME FOOD and they thought I was totally LOCO because I was snapping photos of them all.
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2007,2/10/2007,465,700,5,6,10>I'm currently down to two 2 gauge plugs in my ears, and a rook piercing, but back in the day I had my tongue, nipple, and 11 holes in my ears at some point in time.  Id say that Jefe did 3/4 of all those piercings, and at least a dozen for my friends too.  I brought 3 girls in to do their tongues, 3 of us got our left nipple done at the same time, and i kept on going back because he was good at what he did.  The thing is, I don't know if he works there anymore.  The shop itself is great, but Jefe is something else.The piercing studio is still there, and it bears his name, but a year or so ago, i was in SD for a wedding and i ran into Jefe at a bagel shop.  Oh ya, not like its important, or that's why he was at the bagel shop, but i also liked Jefe because he was a middle aged, balding Jewish man.  Anyways, I told him i was in town for  a wedding (of someone he once pierced in fact), and he told me that he designed wedding rings, and asked if my friend would be interested.  I told him that she was getting married tomorrow, and that I'm sure she was set, but thanks anyway.You should check it out regardless.  But while you are there, make sure you ask for the Jefe
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2007,2/9/2007,23,52,1,1,1>its cool, in fact sometimes a little too scene-y for my tastes.  but i do have the bestest memories of the casbah... great bands, tasty drinks, cute boys... really what more do you need?  it tends to get pretty crowded for the bigger shows, but if you can weasle a good spot then its fabulous.  ooo yeah, and they have a smoking patio... woo hoo!!
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2007,2/8/2007,58,120,1,5,8>Visiting from San Francisco, it is almost 12noon and we are hiking over to Balboa Park to see the Japanese Friendship Garden and the zoo. We are some starvin' marvins though and want real food. We finally arrive at our destination and this restaurant was more than I could have ever expected. It was a very beautiful day so I requested a table on the patio outside which they immediately fulfilled. They are very organized about this considering I saw the seating chart and how well they kept track of what tables are occupied. Of course we were escorted by a very friendly woman and after a few minutes of perusing the yummy, standardly-priced menu, our waiter Joshua came. All waiters are dressed in full uniform: french blue-collared shirts, black slacks, tie, and kempt hair. He was very informative about the menu, telling me what he liked and didn't like about my choices. He also suggested several places to see at Balboa Park, and he was rather eloquent. I settled for the special entree: Swordfish with Creamy Polenta and green beans with proscuitto, as well as the ahi margarita, and a mojito. My friend opted for the skirt steak tacos. The bread served before any of our orders arrived was original. It was like a thin cracker with two choices: Toasted Asiago cheese or the everything (poppyseeds, rosemary, thyme, pumpernickel, etc.) unleavened bread. It was accompanied with the best hummus that I have ever tasted in my life. How so? I didn't even know that it was hummus. This chick pea spread also included chipotle, sweet red peppers, tahini, olive oil, and cilantro. Need I say more? My friend thought that it was so scrumptious, she continued to order more. Next came the mojito.... The best damn mojito that I have ever had and I am not too fond of these drinks..... fresh ingredients (plenty of mint leaves)... not too bitter.... not too tart... just right. It was even garnished with a sugar cane stick. The drink was rather generous as well since there was not too much ice. Several minutes later: The Ahi margarita appetizer.... completely divine.... I seriously was in heaven at this point. The ahi was sashimi grade which I was not expecting since this is a restaurant in a public park. It was presented, of course, in a margarita glass. The garnishes or salad that accompanied it were utterly delicious. Even my friend liked it and she doesn't eat this stuff. All of the ingredients were again very fresh: cilantro, red peppers, mangoes, cucumbers, pickeled ginger with a sesame-type sauce. There was even a surprise garnish: a sliver of a baked banana. The mojito, the appetizer, the waiters, the atmosphere, the classical music playing in the background. This restaurant had me. Even more the spices of the ahi margarita brought out the mint in the mojito. Paradise in Balboa Park has been achieved.Finally the entrees: The swordfish was perfectly cooked and tasted like steak. My friend, who doesn't eat fish, said it was good. The red wine reduction sauce that accompanied it complimented the fish and the polenta (I usually don't eat this and I still didn't b/c of the texture. It was good though. My friend ended up eating all of it). The beans were also perfectly cooked: not too crunchy, but not overcooked. The proscuitto that went with it wsa like the treat that comes at the end of the green bean. The skirt steak tacos were very good as well. The meat was perfect, soft and seasoned. The rice was buttery and fluffy. The cilantro-lime salsa ws original and yummy. The beans were somewhat sweet and spicy and the pickled cabbage was an extra special garnish. The taco shells were just that though... Taco shells. I needed coffee  since i hadn't had a caffeine fix. It was very good and very strong... not watered down. They even serve each cup that you request. they do not refill your glasses. Everyone should dine here... It was the most wonderful surprise on this 3-day trip and I would definitely return should I ever go back to San Diego.
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,11/24/2012,491,894,5,8,6>I've been a resident of Downtown for 3 years now and I couldn't help but look with confusion to this place when I'd be at the stop light on Park. The sign is multilingual with Chinese, English, Spanish, and who knows what else I'm forgetting. The place has never once had a car in the lot that I've seen. Kind of like the mystery Restaurant eatery on Park and Broadway. I had always wanted to try it but I've been a little nervous to...luckily I found some courage.On this particular night I went in the lot was filled with cars which is a sight I've never seen. Walking up I enjoyed the "No Smoking Sign" that had Chinese characters written underneath. Authenticity, I'm into it. Once inside, Oddly enough the inside of the restaurant had maybe about four tables being served, total. Small tables. Clearly users of the parking lot were not diners. Uh oh....Putting fear aside, the server looked like she is the mom of the place with whom I assume to be Grandpa up in the front greeting customers. Family operated, I'm into that. We were brought hot tea immediately without ordering it. Complimentary is what I'm thinking because I don't remember seeing it on the bill. Awesome! We ordered a bowl of egg drop soup which to our surprise was the largest most enormous bowl filled of my most favorite soup in the entire world. We split the bowl and we both had three full servings. After tackling the giant bowl we were ready to call it a night as our stomachs became an egg drop soup fun house pool. I can't believe we found the space in our tummies to order a rice dish and two meat oriented dishes. The food is plentiful enough to share and defeated the both of us. We ended up taking the left overs home and had servings for two more nights of full dinners for ourselves. Ambiance wise, It's a bit like the twilight zone in here, but that's alright...who needs commotion? My only issue was with only four tables being served, the other previous three customers tables could have been bussed away. Wasn't too appetizing to gaze at the leftovers and trash of other folk.Gen Lai Sen is definitely a diamond in the ruff (their sign) and should not be feared. You will only find fabulous food, friendly and quick service, and fair prices. And they do take out too! Definitely going back.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,11/23/2012,220,407,15,11,7>Since I moved to San Diego, I always wondered where all the black people are and I found them at Coop's!  Now to be fair, there were lots of Asians here too, but they're pretty much everywhere, so I don't think it counts.  In any case, just like you know an Indian place is good if there are lots of Indians, a BBQ place is good if there are lots of black people.  And for you ACLU types, calm down.  I'd say the same thing about Convoy street and the mass amount of Asians.  It's called an observation.  Now that that's settled, on to the food. I've had Texas BBQ and this is the real deal.  It's not smothered in sauce...you add it on yourself.  They give you massive quantities...and I can eat a lot, so it really is a gi-normous portion.  I got the Triple Threat with Brisket, Sausage and Pulled Pork.  It was so rich, juicy, smokey...perfection.  The beans, mac and cheese and coleslaw were also good.  The staff were super friendly and we didn't have to wait in some ridiculous line.  Speaking of lines, I don't know why you'd ever wait in that massive line at Phil's (we went at 3:45 on a Saturday and it was around the corner!) so we went on over to Coop's and even with the travel time, I'm sure we were still done and home before half those people in line.
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,11/22/2012,422,254,6,8,7>After being bookmarked for almost a year, I can proudly say that I dined at Pizzeria Luigi! We were greeted by a super friendly cashier who was patient with us as we were trying to narrow down which slices to pick. There were simply so many good ones on display. They have a deal that included 2 slices + drink for just $6. We ordered so many slices that I can't remember them all... sadly. But from the top of my head I remember ordering:Mushroom and RicottaSweet Sausage and PeppersSpinach and RicottaSausage and RicottaEvery slice came out piping hot and had its own unique taste depending on the topping. The ricotta really made a huge difference with its rich and creamy texture. YUM! It's located in a sketchy part of town and it's street parking only... but it's worth the trip. The slices they offered here gave me that nostalgic feeling like I was back in NYC again. I love that feeling...I will definitely come back! By the way... cash only so come prepared!
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,11/21/2012,363,200,18,25,16>Stone Oven proves that 1) not all eateries suck when they first open for business and 2) not all dining options inside the UTC food court are terrible.Win and win. I'll be frank, I dislike mall food. Wait, you know what? Scratch that -- I hate mall food. Bbbbut this place caught my eye and thank the Lord Almighty because I was this close to eating at Mon Grill. (Ehhh.. Pass!!)Stone Oven offers gourmet sandwiches and salads at a reasonable price of $7.95. It's a quick service type of joint, but don't you worry, your food is not sitting out under a heat lamp. Nope, it's made to order, right in front you. (Whew!) Even their focaccia bread is freshly made. Portion sizes are pretty generous. In fact, I was surprised that I was able to polish off my plate. (Oink!)I opted for the Santa Fe Hot Ham Sandwich with Basil Pasta Salad for lunch last Friday. Honestly, prior to my first bite, I wasn't expecting much in terms of flavor. But man, I was so wrong. Filled with ham, smoked bacon, cheddar cheese, chipotle mayo, onion crisps, avocado and sweet chipotle sauce, the sandwich was bursting with mad flavor and even had a nice, subtle kick to it. (Yee-haw!) On a disappointing note, the pasta salad was just a-ok in my book. (Aw, shucks..)Like with most places, I suggest getting there early (before noon) to dodge the lunch madness.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,11/19/2012,412,220,13,10,11>Honestly, this was the best Korean food I've had in San Diego thus far.The name of the restaurant is a bit of a misnomer though...when I hear Halmuni soon dubu ("Grandma's Tofu")...I think of a quaint, warm atmosphere where middle-aged ahjoomas (waitresses) take my order with a smile as they pinch my cheek and tell me how much I've grown since the last time they saw me.Instead, my dinner party and I were greeted with neon chalk signs advertising the soju specials of the night as well as "gangnam style" blaring from the surround sound speakers set up around the restaurant. Ambiance aside, the food was legit. We ordered:- Kimchi pajeon (kimchi and green onion pancake)- Spicy galbi jim (slow cooked beef in a sweet but spicy sauce)- Spicy pork w/ vegetables - Daen jang jigae  (if you're not korean, don't bother)- Mixed soon tofu (spicy tofu soup)Everything we ordered was delicious. The dish of the night was easily the spicy galbi jim. Deep, rich flavors both sweet and spicy. The meat was super soft as well. The best part was bi-byuhing (mixing) the rice with the sauce/soup. Okay, that doesn't sound that great but MAN! It was good.Got treated out by work so I don't know how much everything was...but the food was good.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,11/18/2012,324,343,9,14,10>I really didn't think I would give a breakfast eatery five stars..generally because breakfast isn't a hard meal to cook BUT, I'm happy to say that Snooze totally changed my opinion.What a way to wake up and enjoy a Saturday morning! Pancakes, Eggs Benedict, a Breakfast Burrito, coffee, grapefruit juice--we did not hold back! Particularly memorable is their Blueberry Pancakes. I'm not usually blown away with pancakes..red velvet, pumpkin-chocolate chip, pineapple upside..though they are creative..once you break it down, it really is just having cake in the morning. Now, don't get me wrong, cake in the morning is definitely not bad, in fact, it's something to be celebrated BUT, either way it doesn't impress me. UNLESS it's a pancake from Snooze. Their Blueberry Pancakes came drizzled with honey and topped with granola and lavender butter. OH GOODNESS. I don't know if they drizzled the honey on the pancake and then grilled it but, whatever they did, it achieved this perfect crunchy exterior that gave way to a delicious soft interior. Pair that with the contrast of the crunchy granola and floral flavors of the lavender and I was in fluffy cake heaven. Hash House A Go Go may deliver gigantic flapjacks but, Snooze delivers gigantic flavor and that makes it the winner in my book.Not to be forgotten though is also their Eggs Benedict. I love that Snooze gives you the option of combining two different kinds of Benedicts so, I got to try the Chilaquilles and the Crab Cake Benedict. The eggs came out perfectly poached, so delicate and rich. I liked the Chilaquilles more because it came with fresh salsa that balanced out the heaviness of the dish but the Crab Cake Benedict is worth trying. The dish also comes with a mound of hash browns.It's safe to say I annihilated my breakfast and I am actually still craving more as I type this. Breakfast isn't always the most impressive meal but, if it's anything like Snooze, I would happily volunteer to go any day!
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,11/17/2012,2074,1145,9,11,9>no lambic so the guy behind the counter was super helpful and offered tastings of a few brews.  the monks hit the spot.i've been eating like a preggos even though i'm not so this was my 2nd blunch.  i have to say that the sunday brunch special of the fried chicken on a biscuit was toe curling.the chicken was crispy on the outside while staying moist and tender on the inside. top if off with a biscuit that was flakey and buttery = nom nom heaven.in reading one of the reviews, i should have ordered a side of gravy (note for next time)since my initial visit, i've sampled the popular banh mi with the housemade pate.  the pork belly is fatty and salty.  i still think the fried chicken is better.  the fries are cut thin but i like the aioli sauce.my friend inhaled the pork loin sandwich coupled with the butcher brew which he said was a bit too chocolate in flavor.  both dishes came with a side of housemade slaw.the sausage with jalapenos was spicy so dust some of the peppers off unless you can stand the heat.the interior was warm in tones with interesting walls and included a tarnished tandem bike on the ceiling.  the communal tables let you chat it up with your crew or meet a new one.  hipster? definitely and it's also heck ya!
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,11/16/2012,43,110,5,9,9>It almost sounds too good to be true, but Niederfrank's still makes their ice cream the old fashioned way using quality ingredients in National City. My family has been going here for 3 generations and I intend to keep passing the tradition along.So far my favorite flavor has been the elusive Chocolate Guinness [although I haven't seen that flavor in a few years], not to mention the delicious Thai Tea and oh so Sweet Cream & Peanut Butter. Not only do they have a great variety of flavors to cool you off on a hot summer day, but there is some great sightseeing to check out while in the area.Don't forget to get your ice cream to go and walk one block south on A Avenue to check out the Brick Row on Heritage Square. These historic Victorian homes were constructed in 1887 by Frank Kimball. 1887!!!P.S. If you've ever had a scoop of ice cream at the Daily Scoop in South Park or at Vinaka in Carlsbad, just remember that you're actually enjoying the one and only delectable Niederfrank's.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,11/15/2012,23,476,4,4,4>This place has some GOOD frozen yogurt! While some of their flavors were a little runny, I didn't care one bit because their flavors are freakin delicious! For all you weird fruit froyo lovers, champagne grape is original and tasty. I like my yogurt flavors rich and decadent, so obviously I went for the red velvet, cake batter, chocolate custard, and maple bacon donut. All tasted ridiculously like the real thing...especially that maple bacon donut! Frozen yogurt experiences are nothing without a good selection of toppings, and Forbidden maybe has the most toppings I've ever seen! Lots of traditional candies (Reese's pieces, pb cups, butterfinger, gummies, etc), cookies, fruits, and sprinkles...but also unique and weird (aka delicious) things like candy corn/caramel candy corn, creme brule bits, peppermint balls, pie crust, real (but ok to eat) cookie dough, and mint m&ms. TOO MANY TO CHOOSE FROM AHHH. Only gripe is that this self serve froyo spot is pricier per ounce than all spots I've been to. That being said, I'd still go to Forbidden over those other spots.
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,11/14/2012,592,463,4,5,3>What was slightly lacking in customer service was made up for in delicious food with a nice price tag. I love being able to get great Indian food without getting dressed up and spending a fortune. Village Indian is more of a casual dive and is even a good place to grab lunch. The lunch buffet seems impressive and inexpensive. I will definitely be back to try it!DRANKSSS:*rose milkshake - This was basically a rose milk tea. Delicious!FOODSSS:*chana masala - This is one of my favorite Indian dishes and Village Indian does it very well. Huge portion and spiced nicely.*fish curry - I'm usually not the biggest fan of seafood in curry, but this was delicious!*alu paratha - bread stuffed with potatoes...yum!*naan - plentiful and perfectDon't forget to ask for MINT CHUTNEY! They'll give you a syrup container full of it so you can really pile it on! I used almost all of it. My favorite!
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,11/9/2008,87,142,15,13,14>If John Travolta took Uma Thurman to The Sandwich Afare instead of Jack Rabbit Slims in Pulp Fiction, you can be assured he would have said "God d*mn that's a good f*cking sandwich!"The guy running the show here is Bud, or maybe he just goes by Bud, or maybe I just call him Bud.  The first time I met Bud we had the following conversation: Jeff: "Can I have the Gina (pastrami sandwich)?"Bud: "What kind of bread?"Jeff: "Sourdough" Bud: "No."Jeff: "No?"Bud: "I only make this on rye."Jeff: "What if I don't want rye"Bud: "Then order something else"Jeff: "Ok, I'll have rye"Getting to talk crap and eat delicious food are two of my favorite things, and both come in large portions at The Sandwich Afare.  Bud hand selects his produce (at least that is what he tells me), and it tastes super fresh, especially the tomatoes which are big, but don't taste like big tomatoes (if that makes sense).  Be sure and order a pickle with your sandwich, you are doing yourself a disservice if you don't.Good selection of chips and drinks, and occassionally some homemade dessert.Leave a tip at the counter, eat at one of the tables, and enjoy... you will be back.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,11/8/2008,734,200,19,21,24>Do you ever have one of the those days?  You know the kind that even before you get out of bed, your soul is begging you to not get up because it's just not going to be a good day.  Well that's how today started.  I decided to get up anyway.  So the first thing that happens when I leave the house is notice my tire is really low.  But I have to get to work, so I decide to drive cautiously and get air on my lunch hour.  Work doesn't get any better.  12:00 hits and I am out!  First stop is the Shell gas station on Mira Mesa Blvd.  I put .75 cents into the machine and...nothing happens!  Aaargh!  I walk into the station and she tells me how to get air.  I walk back to my car and notice the car wash next door.  There are a few hispanic men standing around waiting to wash a car.  Two of them approach me and ask if they can help.  They proceeded to put the air in my flat and check the other 3 tires.  I thanked them and started to open my door and one of the men ran around and opened my car door for me!  Wah??? I thought chivalry was dead!I was so impressed with their helpful attitudes that I took my car over to get it washed.  They did a great job getting my car cleaned and for a great price!The simple act of providing good service reminded me that there are still kind people in this crazy world we live in.Yelp folks, I ask that you take your car here if you need a wash.
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,11/7/2008,134,54,20,10,11>this place has free palm readings on tuesday nights...I was a little skeptical about someone taking a few glances at the lines of my palms and makin predictions about what my life will be like in the future, but what the hey, it was free ... and deep down inside I kinda wanted to see what my marty mcfly future was going to be like...so i went back behind the curtain and she glanced knowningly at my palms...told me a few things from my past that were fairly generic and insightful...but nothing earth shattering and deep...still we went on and talked about how my aura had a "blockage"...when I asked for clarity...she said that I would need some special help to clear up the "blockage"Well I went back to the table and shared what was shared with me and then started to think about my "blockage".... Over and over "Blockage" coming to me in big visonary, letters, spining and swirling around and about...haunting me..."BLOCKAGE!!!"... I slammed down the rest of the aussie pinot and decided to do something about it...I ordered one of their bibb salads....If you've never seen it before its basically a full head of Bibb Lettuce covered in blue cheese crumbles and bacon bits with a vinigatrette reduction and sun dried tomatoes...awesome...bibb salad karmic blockage busterwhat doesnt have a lot of fibre but tastes pretty good are the pork ribs and the bbq ribs...
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,11/6/2008,293,202,29,24,24>Two Chinese, two Americans, and a Korean walk into a restaurant.  They all work together and the Chinese boss decides where to go for lunch that day. The Americans and Korean are a bit sketchy about eating poor fat baby lambchop.  It's lunch so the special is $9.95 hot pot for your choice of meat with veggies.  We get some sheep and chicken.  Surprisingly the sheep tastes good.  The soup broth most excellent--especially the spicy side.  The chrysanthemum leaves, tofu, buckwheat noodles, enoki mushrooms, and potato were also great compliments to little lambchop hotpot.We also ordered some pot stickers, ja jang myung and steamed fish filet.  All of which were VERY good.  I guess the moral of the story is don't judge before you try something.  This turned out to be a great lunch with my coworkers chatting about our cultural differences through food.Two Chinese, two Americans and a Korean head back to work with their tummies full and happy.
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,11/5/2008,246,282,23,14,17>This beach really is a hidden gem. Very good to great surfing, seldom crowded except during the summer months, and, most of all, it has probably the CLEANEST and NICEST showers and restrooms for a public beach in SoCal!Add to that, the locals and regulars here are genuinely nice, which took some getting used to for me. After getting married and moving to SD five years ago, my spouse, who grew up in Point Loma, said that I had to do two important things to adjust:#1 Lose the edgy attitude one sometimes develops after living in SF for three decades.#2 Accept the fact that people are nicer and more relaxed in SD than in the Bay Area.My first time walking on a beach in Del Mar a lady who walked past us smiled and said Good Morning."What did she want?" I asked my spouse."She's being nice.""Why? Does she want money?""No. People say hi just to be friendly.""Is it because they're after drugs?""My love, you have to chill out.""You don't think she was a hooker?""Stop it already.""Gotcha."
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,11/4/2008,727,281,13,20,17>I hadn't had a haircut in 8 months--eek!  I had been going to a friend of mine for over 2 years, (she was in school so haircuts were $6 and YES I am a cheap bastard) but she moved to a really expensive salon that I can't afford. I didn't want to "cheat" on her, so I just ignored my ever-growing split ends, until recently a friend commented on my hair, and not in a good way. Since I am a die-hard Yelp fan, what better place to find a new stylist? I read a post recently about a stylist named Pam who was looking for new clients, so I decided to give it a try.Can I tell you that I was NERVOUS all day yesterday? I think plastic bottles decompose faster than my hair grows, so I was really really hoping that my haircut would be great. If I didn't like it, my back-up plan was to scotch-tape it back on. GOOD NEWS SAN DIEGO!!!!I loooooooove my hair cut. Love. Love. Love. I absolutely suck at conveying what I want to hair stylists, but Pam did a great job translating what I wanted. I had a few pictures, but couldn't really commit to a style--I just knew I didn't want my hair to be so short that I looked like a snowman. She gave me a sassy cut that is exactly the length I wanted, with some layers that will be easy to manage, and will grow out well. The details on RINSE:The salon is small and clean with great ambience, they offer you beer/wine when you arrive, give you a robe to change into so your clothes don't get covered in hair, the stylists make suggestions but really LISTEN to what you want, and the price is super reasonable. (Pam gives 10% off to Yelpers!) I am posting "Before" and "After" pictures....I love my new haircut and will definitely return to see Pam again (in 8 weeks or so.) Go see her, you will be happy you did.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,11/3/2008,50,66,8,10,8>We went to check them out opening day and it was pretty awesome.  The staff was super friendly and excited, the customers were all pretty happy and chatty with each other about how much they liked everything.  Great prices, yummy prepared meals, a station that offered samples, pastry/dessert case...everywhere you look you are tempted!  They had great looking meats and I don't even eat red meat, but what they had on display didn't make me want to gag haha.I noticed the solid white tuna for under a buck as well, plus frozen chicken/veggie/rice bowls for under 2$ and Ben & Jerry's ice cream for under 3$.  They have plenty of their own label items and they are fabulous, cheap and often organic.  They have interesting things like Agave sweetener and Stevia sweetener in different sizes as well as little packets.I completely love the self check out, it's very quick and easy.  They also give out 5$ coupons every time you go in.This is not an "everything you could ever think of to buy" store...this is exactly what the name states, a "neighborhood market".  So don't get your panties in a bunch because they don't have 100 aisles of crap.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,11/2/2008,23,30,12,15,12>We bought a dozen, I'd say maybe 30 minutes ago, and there are only 2 left.    I was going to give it 4 stars, but decided to go with 5 to compensate for the fact that clearly crazy people have been reviewing it  so far (2 stars?  Surely you jest!)Highlights:Chocolate with vanilla buttercream frostingRed velvet with cream cheese butter cream frostingPistachio with a pomegranate frosting (to die for)Vanilla with vanilla frostingVanilla with passionfruit buttercream frostingPeople complained in other reviews that they don't have enough of a selection, that they run out.  This should actually be expected because they say on their website they make small batches throughout the day.  If you show up when they're about to close, it might be slim pickin's.  Duh.  Also their buttercream frosting is spot on as far as consistency and taste are concerned.  Not the least bit like whipped cream as somebody claimed.I went here with my mom on Mother's Day, and mom also approved.  She used to make wedding cakes for a living, so my mom's approval is especially valid in this situation  :-)Bottom line: super tasty (note tasty is NOT spelled with an "e" as Fergie would have us all believe).  I will be going here again and again.
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2008,11/1/2008,722,527,14,16,16>maybe i expected too much? i mean its a luxury suite at petco park on a beautiful August night... but alas, it was just a better than average experience... and i'll tell you why (this was for suite 13 btw) - the JOINT: - wow, fancy... a couple of lounge chairs... a sofa... an LCD plus 2 more tvs (one on the charger game, another on the olympics, and then one of the cox4 broadcast of the game with commentary)- our own bathroom with marble accents (i forgot i was at the ballpark)- a retractable glass window to get the real feel and sounds of the game and the fans - our own 'seating' section with comfy leather ergo computer desk style chairsthe GRUB:- okay, WTF!?!?!? this is where they start droppping major points - it was all you can eat stuff, but most of the food was so limited and lack luster... the hot wings were crap, the chips and dip was kinda stale, and the hot dogs were not good at all... best catered thing was the veggie sticks, and thats saying sumthin...- packages of cracker jacks and roasted peanuts was awesome, but since its a suite i felt bad cracking shells and throwing em around...- FREE BOOZE!!! i was feelin tipsy after a couple bottles of bud lite and i didnt even have to tip any bartenders...- by the 7th inning i was craving super nachos, fish tacos, kettle corn, and tastee freeze like a mutha fucker... the SQUEEZE:- uh... way overpriced for my blood, i believe its a couple grand per game (approx $3K - $4K) for the suite...my advice, find someone who knows a corporate sponsor and try to get the hook up...FINAL SAY:its really the best way to watch the game at petco park... the suite is sweet, the LCDs are there for you to keep your mind off of the padres when they are sucking badly, the beer and wine flows a plenty, the comfy leather chairs were really luxurious, and having a private bathroom really makes it worth while... too bad the food messes up its full potential for a home run...
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,10/31/2008,2068,297,14,27,19>Yes! An AYCE Korean BBQ spot in SD, awesome!  After looking at all the good reviews here from you lovely Yelp peeps, we decided to come give this place a shot earlier tonight and I'd have to say it was a good call.I'd have to say that you have to be a 100% carnivore to eat here, vegetarians must stay away!  Heh.Jeong Won definitely deserves a solid 5 star based on their all around customer service, the promptness of the appetizers served and the quality of the meats plus the good portions they toss onto the plates.  Our server Eddie was awesome and very attentive.  Very cool dude!Everyone here was very warming and friendly so it made the dining experience a lot better.  Even though they were busy they made the effort to make us feel like guests instead of just customers :)Appetizers consisted of many different types of kim chee, soup, salad and that pancake looking stuff(forgot the name of it :P).  A bowl of rice was also thrown in.We had our 3 items brought out and our server even helped us toss everything onto the grill to get us started.  Man I was starving so I couldn't wait to get down with the meat that was cooking!We started off with the beef short ribs, beef sirloin, and lamb tripe on our first round, then marinated chicken, pork belly and short ribs once again.  Towards the third round, we were already almost full so we just tossed in one last dish of shrimp.All the plates come mixed in with a perfect portion of onions and bell peppers so that gave an extra kick to the meats.  The short ribs were delicious and marinated very good and was nice and tender, good stuff!We definitely had to get more of it on our second round.The tripe was also bomb, I had to finish pretty much all of it as my buddy didn't want to eat it after finding out what the lamb tripe really was, that wimp :P haha.The chicken was also very good, still quite juicy on the inside and nice and golden on the outside.By the end of the third round, we were too stuffed to even hit up their ice-cream machine.  Woulda been great to have some nice cold ice-cream after the meat sweats!  Yes you will be sweating and smelling like everything you just grilled up on the table but no worries. :PIts about $20/person for the AYCE, so our bill came out to be about $50 for the both of us, including a large beer bottle and a soft drink.  Very reasonably priced!The owner Suk-cha(I am sorry if I spelled your name wrong) was super cool and came up to our table and started chatting with us.  She even offered us another beer on her treat but I had to drive so she said she would hook us up the next time we came back.  Awesome!  One of the servers even came back out and put our brewskie bottle into this ice-cooling container thingy.  Ain't nothin' better than a nice cold beer to wash down all the lovely BBQ beef and chicken we just munched on.Before we walked out the door, the owner even took her time out to come chat with us.  You will not be disappointed and will be leaving with a food coma for sure ;)
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2007,6/13/2007,187,162,9,6,6>I think my favorite thing about this place is the name. Roberto's VERY Mexican Food? As opposed to Roberto's Slightly Mexican Food, or Roberto's Mildly Mexican Food? Roberto's Mexican Food on Every Third Tuesday of the Month. Eh, whatever. This VERY Mexican food is VERY good.Apparently, this is a new part of a larger chain. I discovered it by accident on the way to the trolley station. I was hungry so I went in. Delight!The prices are reasonable. The people are pretty nice. I've only tried two things so far: the bean and cheese burrito and the California burrito. Both were tasty! The carne asada in the California burrito had a superior flavor. I tried their red sauce. It's a bit spicy for me (which probably means it's mild) but it has a really good flavor so I use it anyway.The dining area is notably clean and spacious. You can even eat outside on a patio. Overall, a very pleasant experience.**************************************************­**************************I feel compelled to note that I have only eaten here right after work when I've been extremely hungry. This may affect my review, but I stand by it, because each time I have enjoyed it.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2007,6/12/2007,60,83,6,6,5>Let me start with a little 'full disclosure' - my review might not be entirely accurate for the following reasons:1) I'm new to Southern California and so am not versed in the intricacies of the apparent raging yogurt wars where battle lines are drawn over price/ounce and types of frozen yogurt available2) I read an article in the NY Times a while ago about Pinkberry and was so excited by the idea of tart, refreshing delicious frozen yogurt that I contemplated (for a moment) driving to LA to experience it. So, when I experienced Frutti Yogurt, I was so pants-pissingly excited that I wasn't really paying proper attention to my surroundings.That said - I left feeling happy and that means that what happened inside must have been great.I do remember that the yogurt was as I had imagined it would be: tart, refreshing, frozen, covered in fruit (blueberries and kiwi for me!)I also remember that I was served by an incredibly polite and gracious young lady in futuristic and fun surroundings. The newly-opened (today!) store is all backlit glowing panels, bright fruit colors, birch benches and painted strawberries. It is hard not to smile while you're in there.They offer lots of toppings, fresh fruit, some chocolatey-looking things and what I imagine was probably cereal. They have bubble tea too. The yogurt flavors were: PLAIN, 'GERRN' TEA, POMEGRANATE and TARO.I work in the area and I loved the experience so I'm sure I'll be back.[edit: I was right! I went back! I stopped in today because I had to take my employee out for a 'talk' and I thought having it over frozen yogurt would be good. They've fixed the signs on the machines, removing the comical misspelling of 'green'. There was a different woman at the register this time too - slightly more terse than the last woman but this one let me try some of the other flavors. Green Tea = predictably yummy. Pomegranate = surprisingly tasty. She was more stingy with the fruit which was a disappointment but not enough of one to cost them a star.]
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2007,6/11/2007,81,285,,5,4>Yogurt World is self serve "tart" yogurt shop that just opened on Convoy in the same plaza at Tapex and Tofu House.  It tastes like those tiny little (usually frozen) Asian yogurt drinks.  It's amazingly refreshing and soooo yummy!! You go in, grab a cup, fill it with any frozen yogurts you want (there are more than a dozen options).  Then cover it with any toppings you would like including freshly cut fruit, candy, chinese boba drink fillings, etc.  Then you pay by the weight of your frozen yogurt - 38 cents an oz.  If you're confused, don't worry, the people who run the place are really nice and super helpful and pass out tons of sample cups for you so you can try all of the flavors.I eat on Convoy pretty often so I had no idea how I missed this.  A friend told me about it since I'm a big fan of Pinkberry up in LA.  Let's see.. tried it for the first time earlier and this week and I have been going every night since.  I think Yogurt World is better than Pinkberry.  Everything is self serve so you can get as many toppings and flavors as you would like.  As for the quality of the yogurts and toppings, they're pretty much the same except that Yogurt World offers many more.  Anyway, go!! It's amazing and soooo yummy :)
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,6/10/2007,562,1402,2,3,3>You know me, I'm a girly girl...........yet I'm not one of those girly girls that wants everything in pink and fluff everywhere.................so for me, Modern Details is the perfect Boutique Beauty Supply and Salon store.  It's chic, cute, bright and inviting and carries a great selection and quality of products.  I have been shopping there since I moved to San Diego, and Jan, the owner does a great job with the jewelry and candle buying as well as with the little trinkets and purses she carries.  The girls that work there are also well informed about their hair and beauty products, I dare you to go in there with a hair question and them not be able to recommend a suitable solution for it.  Also, if you want to, Vanessa and Carol do full service hair in the back room.  Vanessa also does waxing and has been waxing my eyebrows in addition to cutting and coloring my hair.  She is the only one who can cut and color my hair, I will go to no one else.  She takes time with you and listens to what you want........even my pickiest and vainest friends like her and they can be hard to please!!  She'll even tell you when your hair idea won't work for your face or coloring.  She's not in it to just get a high end treatment on you..............Love that place, love the girls that work there!
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/29/2007,6/9/2007,1,2,,13,3>As a former employee of B&C, I will pass along some of my hard-earned wisdom:1) It's not actually owned by French people.  It's owned by Charles Kaufman, the brother of the guy who created Troma Films ("The Toxic Avenger").2) If you want your sandwich to be fresh, then order it with a change, e.g., on a different type of bread.  Otherwise, you'll end up with a sandwich that's been sitting in the cooler all morning.  3) Get a slice of the jalapeno & chedder bread with sides of cream cheese and raspberry jam.  It's awesome.4) Tip generously and you'll get generous service.  It really does make a difference!
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2007,6/8/2007,376,527,8,6,7>Sooo I live in the Mission District of SF.  For those of you in the know, the Mish is notorious for having the best burritos around.  DUDE.  So you can imagine my shock when I was in SD and first had a burrito at Colima's -----WHAAAAAAAAAA???!?For a short moment, my impenetrable belief that San Francisco was the paragon of perfection, boasting the best food and best people in the world was shaken.  Honest to god, Colima's has the most perfect-tasting tortillas known to man.  They are large, chewy-fresh and boast a flavor I have yet to find in any San Francisco taqueria (I'm sorry, beloved City. At least we still have the best people and the best every-other-kind-of-food).  Another great perk: DRIVE-THROUGH service till 2am (the 2am part is pure conjecture but I know it's open late...)
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2007,6/7/2007,0,0,16,11,10>Overpriced for what it's worth. ($26.50!!!!)For someone who is really fascinated with the body and art, I really hyped myself up for this exhibit.... Unfortunately, it was a let down. I never understand people who walk around museums, talking loudly, shamelessly explaining every exhibit! Tom and I were minding our own business, checking out the various finely perserved, real human organs - a torn pair of isolated breasts? check. Eyeballs attached to a lone brain? Check. Deformed twin fetuses (feti?) in a jar? Double check. But then, out of no where, this ho starts noisily gabbing on about the circulatory system like she's the mother effin' surgeon general. And to top it off, everything that she's explaining is WRONG. How do Tom and I know she is wrong? 1) I passed high school biology and 2) Tom's pretty much a doctor. So we're just listening to this freak go on and on about how the human heart is made out of strawberry lollipops and ponies, and we are tempted to just follow her around for the rest of the exhibit just for kicks. Funny, but also added a bit of irritation to the exhibit.Aside from that, it was a decent display of the organs. The preservation, compilation and presentation were definitely amazing. However, they don't explain a whole lot of the functions very well, show the venous system (which got Tom particularly upset) or the history of the bodies. Seeing as how there was so much controversey surrounding the exportation of bodies from China, I wish there were some blurbs about that.On a funny end note, all the visibly Chinese human bodies were put into displays where they are playing football, baseball and other clearly, American pasttimes. Next to these bodies, large signs state, "All preservation, handling and presentation of the bodies were treated with dignity."If irony was a well-preserved Chinese cadaver throwing a curve-ball, it would say, "Fuck you."
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2007,6/6/2007,60,84,,9,6>An afternoon of luxury to be sure. For a couple hours we felt like rich people being pampered and massaged. The following is a narrative of sorts about our specific experience. We got a 50 minute couples' massage, but there are several other options to choose from.The staff is almost painfully courteous, willing to guide you and answer any questions you have. Couples are split up at the front, men to the left and women to the right. The men's "locker room" was something out of a lavish executive's club. All marble, tile and granite walls and floors, cushy benches, lockers with wood-finished doors and digital keypad locking. You're given sandals in your shoe size which are quite comfortable (the single horizontal strap type, with little knobs to massage the bottoms of your feet) along with a full size robe.A whirlwind tour of the male-only section of the spa includes the aforementioned locker room, a full bathroom with shaving amenities and other toiletries, four showers (one jumbo-sized for disabled access), a jacuzzi kept between 102F and 104F, a wet steam room and a relaxation room with cushy chairs, footrests, newspapers, fruit and water.After lounging about in this area until your scheduled couples' massage you're called from the relaxation room by a masseur who has your other half and a masseuse waiting in a hallway. You're led down a series of corridors for what seems like ten minutes before you reach a dark and comfortable room with two massage tables side by side. The masseurs step out of the room while you and your other are left to disrobe and lie on your respective table under the sheet.The massage lasts 50 minutes (there are other options) and includes your choice of scented lotion, relaxing music (pianos and ocean waves) and more than a few ecstatic moments when your masseuse hits just the right spot.After your massage you're given a chance to re-robe and follow the masseur back to the front where you split off again into the gender-segregated sections. You (as a couple) should agree to allow one another a certain amount of time to decompress, steam, shower, soak and otherwise indulge before meeting back out in the lobby. Forty-five minutes worked well for us.I took advantage of the showers on multiple occasions, the steam room, the hot tub, the relaxation room with fruit and of course the locker room. I highly recommend the experience to anyone and will certainly be looking to return in the near future.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2007,6/5/2007,56,122,7,6,6>Lactose-intolerants, unite! Finally a gelato place that has a whole freezer full of non-diary gelato!Customer service is excellent. Great selection.. all sort of delicious flavors. Even tho I am lactose challenged, I tried the Bacio and (I forgot the name) coconut gelato. Well worth the gassiness! :)
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2006,6/4/2007,164,311,7,7,3>San Diego is turning into San Francisco or L.A.--I went to Vagabond on Tuesday (a freakin' Tuesday!) and the place was completely packed. I think people go here because it's pretty new and there's a bit of a "buzz" (that's soooo SF or LA!). Maybe it's for the food or the ambiance; although, my food wasn't very good. I ordered the red curry and it was made with more coconut milk than curry. I mean, there had to be like an entire can of coconut milk in my one dish. It was tasty going down, but immediately afterward I felt like a ton of bricks were in my belly. I judge food on how it makes me feel afterward. Using that standard, Vagabond is horrible. I gave them three stars because my friend said his lamb was great. He was fasting for Ramadan though, so I'm not sure how accurate his judgment was otherwise I'd give the place four stars.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,7/8/2010,1165,834,21,21,21>Excuse me?  I used to live down the block from here, when this space was occupied by the musty and depressing Trophy's.  Of course, the minute I move away, Trophy's is replaced with the La Jolla Strip Club, easily the best choice in UTC for a classy and fun evening out.  A few more places like this, and UTC might be a part of town that I'm actually eager to visit to rather than itchin' to escape.I lost my LJ Strip Club virginity at the fabulous Yelp event organized by the illustrious Dean V.  First of all, the space is beautiful.  Lots of black leather, pictures of pin-up girls, and a sprawling bar all sound like they could be a little tacky, but they end up feeling a lot cozier than expected.  I met up with Dean at the bar, where a hundred different flavors of vodka were stacked to the ceiling.  Being happy hour, I treated myself to a cheap ($7) and delicious martini: the pearl necklace.  Plum vodka and St Germain were the main ingredients here, if memory serves.  This cocktail went down like juice -- I could've had half a dozen if my brain wasn't constantly reminding me that I still had to drive myself home.  LJ Strip Club definitely serves the best cocktails in the UTC/LJ area, and I think they're among the best in the whole city as well.Anywho, after that I had the opportunity to meet dozens of fun (and supremely attractive!) Yelpers in the Champagne Room.  I got to try a handful of tasty appetizers here, my favorite being the lobster mac and cheese.  Normally I'm not a big shellfish person, but the lobster flavor was really light, and the emphasis of the dish was definitely the delicious cheese.  Probably the only app that I wasn't wild about was the nacho plate, but that was just because it came out a little cold and the cheese on this one wasn't melted.  C'est la vie -- next time I'll explore the menu and be more adventurous with my order.The service at the Strip Club: top notch.  I was amazed at how the staff here managed to keep track of the orders of a room full of boisterous alkies-- oops, I mean Yelpers.   And it was always consistent, even after we'd changed seats a dozen times.  Around the time of the seat-switching is the point where my memory gets a little hazy.  There was a second martini, lots of scandal-laden gossip (obviously), and then lots of water to get my mind back on Earth.  All in all, I'd call that a winner of an evening.
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2009,7/7/2010,282,207,16,18,20>I guess I get more and more confident every time trying to see how quickly Lindbergh can get me through check-in and security.I have no clue why since every time I fly the lines get longer and longer!!! Although it's also highly possible that I always fly at busy times. 1 p.m. on a Friday afternoon???? I guess.Thankfully, although extremely intimidating, the long security line typically goes fast. It took me 15 minutes today.Good for you for expanding the woman's restroom in the Southwest terminal, but guess what??? There still aren't enough stalls. If you're within 10 minutes of boarding you better hold your stuff till you get up in the air. Today, with new bathroom stalls and all, still had to wait in line for the bathroom.  So annoying. Southwest terminal has your Starbucks, Quiznos, Pizza, and overly priced convenience center for your convenience! One word..don't come hungry!!!Happy Travels!!
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2010,7/6/2010,637,268,25,28,23>Aunt Emma must be seriously rollin' in the dough because her place was PACKED and this was on a weekday morning. I've been to quite a few greasy spoons during the week and this is one of the very few that was bursting at the seams as if the end of the world was fast approaching. Do the people of Chula Vista know something that I don't? Whoever designed the front entrance to Aunt Emma's Pancake Restaurant (yelp.com/biz_photos/fe6_…) should have their contractor's license revoked. It's very narrow leading up to the register and since there's seating just as you walk in, I had to turn sideways (despite being svelte AND sexy) to avoid head-on collisions. The bathroom had a strong bleach aroma which I guess is better than smelling a big, nasty turd that someone "forgot" to flush. One person in the bathroom at a time, by the way. I tried their $3.99 Weekday Breakfast Special (breakfast spot # 32, by the way) which consists of 2 pancakes (or slices of french toast), 2 pieces of bacon or sausage and two eggs. I was thinking about getting hash browns but not at the ridiculous price of $3.50. What's up wit dat - you don't think I don't got no brains?? I should have asked for the bacon crispy and not barely warm. The pancakes were perfectly acceptable. Pancakes, bacon and eggs - yelp.com/biz_photos/fe6_… While the rest of their menu looks promising (and there are other items that I'd like to try), Aunt Emma is one relative I'm guessing I'll only visit once in a great while.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,7/5/2010,393,158,11,23,20>An amazing wine & beer bar/liquor store hybrid establishment.Extensive selection of craft beer.The variety of brew spans the globe and includes extremely rare items such as the champagne-like Belgian ale Deus Brut des Flandres ($30 per bottle) to a plethora of ubiquitous local San Diego beers.Approximately 15 taps.Most of the taps serve craft beer, with an emphasis on West Coast microbrew, including occasional seasonals. Usually only one of the taps is used for a macro brew like Stella.Some of the beer on tap I've enjoyed at K & B include: Oatmeal Stout by Telegraph, Alesmith's Nautical Nut Brown and their Yulesmith (Imperial Red), Hottenroth Berliner Weisse by The Bruery. As lovely as the above were, I was extremely impressed when they had the Belgian ale, Tripel Karmeliet, on tap. That was the first time I had this fine treat of a brew on tap and I was very pleased.Environment is comfortable and relaxed. Indoor lounge area for sipping wine and beer is pleasant. Outdoor area is wonderful, especially because of the availability of warmth from the heat lamps.Another positive aspect about K & B: A large portion of their bottled craft beer is in the cooler so they are ready to drink as soon as you purchase them (ie, unlike at BevMo, etc.). Also, you can drink any of the beer you purchase from the liquor store section in the lounge area - I believe corkage fee is a couple dollars for large (eg, 750 ml) bottles of craft brew. As for the food:$9 plate of 4 "street tacos" was delicious. 2 shrimp street tacos and 2 street chorizo tacos were included for this price. In addition to the wonderful taste, the presentation of the tacos was elegant and aesthetically pleasing.Side notes:$3 pint nights on Wednesday evenings.Saturdays 4 - 7 pm: beer tastingsLarge event room in the back available to rent out for parties. Can comfortably fit 2 dozen or so people. Plenty of plush seating in this dimly lit back room.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2009,7/4/2010,242,85,14,16,16>Wanna spend about $20 bucks on a date, and yet be able to enjoy beautiful scenery and share intimate moments? The Japanese Friendship Garden is the perfect place for you!!! Hold your girl/boyfriends hand as you walk through this small, yet amazing garden.Okay so here it is.  Usually this place is free on Tuesday but don't go because theres usually too many people in here and there are a bunch of kids running around the place ruining the ambiance of your date.  It's about $3 dollars to get in so thats $6 out of your pocket...$14 left in your wallet...The place is beautiful as you can tell from the pictures.  This is a very nice spot for you and your significant other to take pictures and post them up on your facebook/myspace/yelp.  The garden is very well kept and full of vibrant colors.  Not to mention the Koi fish pond.  I personally love Koi fish, they are such a beautiful sight and I could stare at them for hours.  Theres usually a lady sitting by the pond with a bunch of fish food.  Ask her politely to give you a little and she will, it's cute when you see the fish pop their little mouths open to eat...Theres also a little art gallery inside somewhere with little paintings of some cultural Japanese stuff...By now youve probably worked up an appetite right?  Directly outside of the garden is a little place that sells food!  When me and my girl went, we both ordered delicious teriyaki bowls for about 7 bucks each.  The food was small, but from what I remember it tasted pretty gooood!  So thats $14 + $6 = $20!!!  Voilahh!!  A perfect day date for $20 bucks!!  Can't beat that with a bat!!Simply put, the ideal place to take your date on a nice beautiful San Diego sunny day! The pictures speak for themselves!  Now go out there and make it happen!
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/9/2009,7/3/2010,735,735,13,22,19>Late night, after leaving another bar with his party, our hero arrived at the law office of Eddie O'Hare.  Sandwiched between two busy bar/restaurants downtown, the unassuming office was protected by a small gate that could be easily opened from the outside."You remember the password, right?" our hero's friend inquired.     "Yeah, don't worry."Our hero let himself in the gate and rang the buzzer.  Shortly after, a sharply dressed bald man opened the door a crack and looked down at a PDA in his hand.  After confirming our hero's identity and asking him for the password, the door man opened the door wide and ushered our hero's party down the dimly lit stairs into the dark underbelly of downtown.Live music from the saxophone and keyboard filled the small room, interspersed with recorded jazz from the speakers during intermissions.  Red mood lighting and decor gave the narrow room a very classic and romantic feel.  When our hero's eyes adjusted to the lighting, he saw that the basement was very long and rectangular: one side was a crowded bar staffed by a mixologist and a barback and the other side had a live band playing in front of some semi-circular booths.The LCD TV on the inside kind of killed the 1920's feel, but then again, a lot of the guests did too.  Collared shirts are "recommended", but not strictly enforced, which is a shame.Our hero was bold enough to try two of their house cocktails, the blackberry collins and the strawberry branca.  Both drinks were fairly strong and packed an uninhibited punch.  However, the strawberry branca was not very fruity even though it had half a strawberry in it, and tasted too heavily of bitters.After quaffing his illicit hooch, our hero departed into the night, heedful not to draw attention to the hidden speakeasy.PROS:- Semi-exclusive, hidden lounge that makes your guests feel like you're in on a secret underground society.- Very unique cocktail list featuring a lot of interesting concoctions.- Live jazz music.- No cover!CONS:- They're only open 5 hours a night, 3 nights a week: Thurs - Sat.- For your ladyfriend guests, their house cocktails are a bit harsh on the feminine palate (even the fruity drinks).- Specialty cocktails and martinis were on the pricey side at $12 a pop, but it's not too surprising for downtown.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2009,7/2/2010,132,148,13,13,11>Dear Hamilton's,I understand that I live in middle of nowhere, but I must say, I am still *very* disgruntled at the distance I must travel to drink your offerings. That said, I'm thinking positive tonight- therefore, the long distance between your establishment and my house is probably saving my liver from a quick road to cirrhosis.  Your selection makes me cry, because I am such an *utter* lightweight that I am unable to have more than 2 beers and be able to drive home legally when your establishment kicks me out.  Therefore, your extensive and loving list of beers makes my heart swell and deflate at the same time.  So many luscious choices!  It's like the Highlander- "There can only be one!" - except in my case, it's two.  *sigh**cues Brokeback Mountain*Hamilton, I wish I could quit you.With much conflict and angst,IkoiP.S.  I'd like to try more of your menu selection if I remember to eat the next time I'm there.  I promise, next time I drop by, I'll have din din with my drink drink.  However, I found your Volcano wings to be... (tepid).  :(  I wish I could say my capsaicin tolerance was challenged, but it was left tapping its fingers on the table and shrugging.  Maybe you were having an off day.  I understand.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2009,7/1/2010,268,411,14,16,16>Definitely my FAVORITE sushi spot in San Diego. I haven't been to the other sushi delis around SD, but this one is AWESOME. It's located in the middle of an industrial area, which is kind of RANDOM and particularly scary at night, but don't be afraid!  Once you enter sushi deli, it's nice and warm and LOUD. The wait was said to be 10-15 minutes, but we honestly waited at least 45. I didn't even mind the wait because the bar was AWESOME. What kind of bar at a sushi place has JACK DANIELS? :) :) :) :) Of course I ordered a Jack and Coke. Only 4 dollars! And NO, that isn't a special or happy hour price!! After ordering my second, the bartender and I conversed about our love for jack. And she gave me my third for free :)I was pretty much already gonna give this place 5 stars without trying the sushi after that. But we were finally seated and ordered. All of the sushi I tried was delicious and I think the best part of that was the price, which was ridiculously cheap!! So worth it.Other perks, our waiters were really helpful, patient, and just overall friendly. Also, the service was VERY quick; we ordered and 5 minutes later, our food was prepared and beautifully presented. And their bathroom, though kind of in a really random, awkward, disconnected-from-the-restaurant place, was really homey and clean.Honestly, come here. now. I cannot wait to go back. Most awesome sushi place everrr.
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2010,6/30/2010,146,127,88,41,37>This morning I rolled out of bed, groggy and most likely still hungover, and readied myself for my morning appointment.Today, I was going to have my first Brazilian wax. Oh yeah.Now what, pray tell, would motivate a woman to roll out of bed on a Saturday morning to have hot wax smeared on her fuzz-bunny, only to have it ripped off with strips of fabric? In my case-Vanity, curiosity, and a holiday discount. Plus, my 'situation' was starting to look a little jungly. I'm pretty sure Tarzan was down there trying to swing his way out of the thicket known as my vageen. Truth be told, I'm not a fan of shaving (just too damn itchy after a coupla days, and it grows back coarse- pain in the vag!), but I definitely like to have my pleasure garden well manicured. Just sayin'. So when I heard waxing had significantly longer lasting results than shaving, and that after repeated sessions, hair would grow back finer and softer, I decided to give it a whirl.So I did my research, reading review after review on Yelp , and settled on a place that had fantastic reviews, and was conveniently in my hood. Le Wax Boutique earned a reputation for being a prime waxing salon. It's owner, Sarah, having come from another upscale wax boutique, The Undercarriage, already had numerous accolades under her belt, so it's no wonder Le Wax was successful from the get-go.I walk in, Sarah introduces herself. She's going to be my wax specialist. I'd already read several reviews about her specifically, so I was very relieved to find out my first experience was with the owner. She was very friendly, offered me a beverage and showed me to the room. Off came the pantalones, I hopped on the table, lifted my skirt, and put my feet together in a lotus position. Let us commence with Vag-Wax-Fest, 2010 edition.Sarah walks in. We start talking about NYE, and away we go. Warm wax on the yoni feels nice, btw.  She lays down a strip and Zzzziiip! Zzzziiiip! Zzzziiip! Wow, not really as painful as I thought. Surprisingly efficient and only slightly stingy, Sarah continues on. We chit chat about sushi restaurants, shopping, etc... She's really good at distracting you when-RRRRIIIIIIP MOTHER OF ALL OYSTER PEARLS SUCK MONKEY (expletive) DUCK YEEEOW!! OK, that was definitely not cool. Oooowwweeeee. It's official, my she-box hates me. Palms are starting to sweat, the nether regions begin to throb, and I'm pretty sure I'm clenching. Oh-ho-hooo there are definitely some parts of the snatch patch that DO NOT like this. Ugggghhhh. A few more zips and Thank Gawd she's done... or so I thought."I need you to lift your knees to your chest."Huh?"I'm going to wax your fanny."She said fanny. Sounds cute, right? That's code for waxing the holiest of all holies, kingdom come, where the sun don't shine....awww screw it I'll say it: the a**hole. She's going to wax my a**hole.If I were wearing panties, they'd definitely be in a bunch. This is getting waaaay too personal. Unclench, Kim, unclench. OK, just breathe. She's a professional, we'll get through it. Sarah continues to chat about the mad rush before the holidays, how so many women are trying to get their vaginas waxed before the New Year, and how nice it is to have a break, yadda, yadda. Zzziiip, zzziip, zzziiip! "K that's it. We're done! Here's some wax removing lotion, use the towel to remove it, and I'll see you outside."Really? Sweet baby Jesus it's over. She leaves the room, and I look down to ogle my freshly waxed pudendal entry. It's totally bald. I mean all hair gone. What was a fuzzy muff-mess of hair, now looks like a bald Buddha smiling back at me! My yoni is dizzy from the event, but happy to be liberated from its previously bristly confines :)I looked at the clock. 15 minutes. Seriously that's all it took. For those of you thinking of getting waxed, rest assured it will hurt. But it's not as bad as I thought it would be. It goes by a helluva lot faster than one would imagine. Sarah was super efficient and a great conversationalist ergo great at distracting me from my vagina-happenings.I have to say I'm quite pleased with the effect. It feels great to have a freshly clear cut love jungle. It's like walking out of the salon after a great haircut. Although just a smidge sore, I feel shiny and new.It's a brand new day for the Beav. Hooray!
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,6/28/2010,280,181,18,27,26>Shout out to my LL Shayne C. for recommending this place! It's a bit of a drive for me, but ohhh the things I would do for some good sushi... The restaurant is conveniently located right off the freeway, which is always a bonus. Our party of 3 walked in and were immediately greeted by the waitresses and sushi chefs. We were seated in the middle of the restaurant and started looking at the picture menus on the wall. We shared the following - - Philadelphia Roll - didn't have cucumber again! boo.  - Sensual Pleasure Roll - Shayne's recommendation, so I knew I had to try it. Plus.. who doesn't want a little sensual pleasure (in bed. hah!)  - Baby Lobster Dynamite Roll - our favorite roll of the night. The baked goodness was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. A must try! - Rock n Roll - came out on fire! We had to blow out the flame because it was getting a little out of hand. The rice stuck to the metal plate, so the roll kept falling apart. But the slices of pickled jalapeno added a nice kick. - Tempure Green Tea Ice cream - my first time having this and I was expecting the ice cream to be colder, but it was still very good.The service was a bit slow, but they were super friendly and the restaurant was completely packed. Strange though, by the time we left (around 8pm) the place was near empty. I guess this spot is a hit for the after work crowd.Overall we had a great sushi experience. Many of their rolls are 50% off (including the Sensual Pleasure), so make sure to take advantage of that. I'll have to come back soon to try some of their other delicious looking rolls!
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,9/21/2010,489,320,30,38,35>Note: I think this is my longest review evers. Wow! You're AWESOME in my book if you can read through it. =p2010 - ShayShay's year of SPONTANEOUS adventures !!!#1 on my bucket list : Attempt to SKYDIVE - CHECK !!!Talk about major adrenaline rush !!! If you wanna feel an EXTREME HIGH, you MUST try SKYDIVING !!!This is by far, thee BEST experience ever ! The feeling is not like any other. As a kid, I always wanted to know how it was like to FLY and this was as close to it as I got and it's an AMAZING feeling. I'm literally hooked !Skydive San Diego was definitely the #1 place that my friends and I wanted to go to based on ratings and reviews. We wanted to go all out and paid ~$300 for the tandem jump with video and pictures. I mean nothing can compare to your very "first time" right?! So we wanted to document it and hopefully one day tell/show our grandkids. heheAnyway, the weather was perfect on a Saturday afternoon (6.19.10). We made an appointment prior and walked in to be greeted by some enthusiastic employees. Oh yeah..what a way to get me PUMPED!Got seated and pretty much signed our life away with some paperwork basically saying they're not responsible for anything that may happen to you. Initial..initial..initial. Yes I know we crazy, but if I was gonna risk my life, it would be by doing something I always wanted to do and this was definitely it! I can die happy now..heheAfter the paperwork and brief instruction on how to exit the plane, we were geared up and ready to rock and roll. I think the whole prep time was the longest. I had an awesome instructor, Chad Ross and the coolest videographer/photographer, Matt ! These two made my experience that much more special and I really felt comfortable with them. By the time we hopped on the plane, all anxiety, nervousness, and tension were literally gone. I was STOKED! Can't wait to see the video, because I got an interview prior, during, and after the whole skydive experience. I was ready to DO THIS !!! There was no backing out now!Chad strapped me onto him a few minutes before the jump and made sure everything was in tact. With a few brief instructions, we were geared up and ready to go! It all happened so fast. As the plane exit door opened, I could see a few people jumping out while we maneuvered closer. Once there, I look down and was thinking, "Ohhh...my..freakin...GAWD !!! " I see clouds...I see the earth below and I'm literally speechless yet psyched ! "Is this really happening ???"1..2..3..JUMP !!!!!!!!!120 mph from 13,000 ft. - 20-30 seconds...wind blowing at my face..I seriously got a face-lift from this..AHHHHHHH F*ck me!!!!!!! /taptap - Chad signals me and I spread my arms "W" style as taught earlier and I Ba-BAM was FLYING !!!! Weeeee !!!! /snap snap - Matt is takin' shots like a crazy madman in the sky. He was all over the place. I tried to do some cool signs with my arms, but the wind was too strong. I did manage to do "The CLAW' and some dancing motions ( I won't post that pic though)...hahaChad pulls the parachute cord and we start floating on air for a good 5-6 minutes. I ask him to do some cool tricks so we spun around a few times while admiring the gorgeous view from above !!! The weather was perfect! Clear skies, cool temperature, and hardly any wind. OOh Wee !! I could get used to this !! I savored every moment of it. I always have dreams of FLYING, but this felt so much better than any dream I had. I felt FEARLESS and FREE! I was Superwoman !! hahaChad gave me a few instructions prior to landing and within minutes we were back on the ground..easy peasy. Probably the easiest part was the landing and I was worried about that in the beginning. Gosh! I wanted to do it again right then and there. Ohh EMmm Gee (like Usher) !!! I think I found my calling yalls ! Am I an adrenaline junkie now???! heheI reunited with my other hardcore friends, Chris P. and Lisa T. I was so happy to have experienced this with them (our first times) and they too had the time of their lives! We loved it so much, we would definitely DO it again. As for me, I want to attempt it solo next time around !!! Yeah..me NUTSO!Honestly, I don't know what I can do that is more extreme than this, but I do like the nickname my pal, Christian gave me: "Shay X-Cam X-treme" !!! haha..should I have my own MTV True Life: I'm an Adrenaline Junkie show?! haha..I need to do more extreme stunts that's for sure, but this could be the beginning of a BEAUTIFUL JOURNEY !!!!Thank you Skydive San Diego! I look forward to coming back and experiencing more major HIGHS !!!! /THUMBS UP!!! WAY UP!!!hmm..what's next on that bucket list???Final note: If you didn't notice, I was sporting a shirt with the LAKERS 2010 CHAMPIONSHIP ring !!! HOLLAAA !!!!
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,9/20/2010,646,294,17,16,16>Like a cavewoman dragged by her hair to the den to endure a night of delight, I have been dragged to K Sandwiches many-a-time for "morning after" nom. To be honest, I did not give K Sandwiches a fair place in this world in the beginning.  My friend used to swear by it, and I just thought "Meh, it's a sandwich shop."But okay, K, you won me over!  By the 5th time I now look forward to spending the night in Linda Vista.Typically I order the #28 - a roast beef and turkey sandwich on a croissant.  Or maybe it's the 24... well, either way it's still delicious.  I have also found myself ordering the vegetarian sandwich.  K is just about the only place in town that sells Jones soda as a beverage.  Love that.The girls behind the counter are patient when faced with my hungover, "Uhm... hmm.... hiiiii.... I'd like.... shit, I forgot.  OH, sorry, I said shit.  I Mean -- what should I order?" silence.  "Okay how about.... errr.... okay the 28!"ha.Ya, that's me.  Then I pay up and wait for my number to be called and learn Vietnamese!  My cronies and I like to sit outside usually.  Too loud inside with all the number callings and whatnot.Consider checking out K Sandwiches if you are in Linda Vista.  I heard they serve breakfast and open real early, but I never wake up before noon.
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/12/2010,9/19/2010,281,408,25,14,13>Batter's Up, hear that callThe time has come toEeeeat it all.I am a member of the Fat Kid communityI eat in cities near and farI eat Canadian, Irish and SwedeI eat it all, I gain lbs.I can't stop myself.Each cake stands it's frosting piled highWhich one should I buy?The cakes so moist I can see it with my eye.The cakes are not too softThey're not to toughThey're really quite delish.Must be a baker who really knows his stuffI eat it all, I gain lbsI can't stop myself.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,9/18/2010,722,527,22,22,21>strip club. i know strip clubs. i especially know happy hour at the strip club. and have dabbled in the champagne room before....but at the la jolla strip club - the drinks and the grubs are the only tasty things on the menu...the GRUB:- o hi, lobster mac and cheese. mmmm.- chicken fingers with fries in a cone. yes please.- savory hot wings. old school cool.- steaks on skewers. kabab craziness.- happy hour specials anyone? 51 vodkas for $7? Effin Black Cherry Vodka and tonic. twist of lime and a cherry too pls. get me hammered.- i missed out on the grilling of my own steakums tho...the JOINT:- grills - as in Nelly... let me see ya grill.... ya ya... ya grill...- 50's style cocktail lounge- vargas pin up girl wall art- cozy champagne roomthe SQUEEZE:- happy hour good. money is so money.- the wait staff was on point for the crowd that they had on hand.- parking sucked.FINAL SAY:so much better than trophys. ha!
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,9/17/2010,149,72,44,24,29>10 Reasons I wish this park were a boy: It:1. accepts me in dresses and in sweats2. is sometimes festive, sometimes reserved, but never boring3. plays music4. appreciates art5. loves experiencing different cultures6. is generous (at least on resident-free Tuesdays)7. loves dogs8. knows how to make kids smile9. doesn't mind being walked over (haha, I kid! Seriously, I kid.)10. is beautiful. and one-of-a-kind.Oh, Balboa. I like you a lot.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2010,9/16/2010,2074,1145,18,18,17>people who complain about the food here obviously need to roll with me because i will send stuff back. i don't eat crap and rant about it on yelp later. hokey theme done in a charming way with well prepped food. appies: - the lamb short rib was tender, tender, tender. - the heirloom tomatoes with gooseberries were light and refreshing on a hot summer night. note: the squaw bread is hot out of the oven fluffy and slightly sweet.mains: my bf and i both went for the specials because they sounded so good. - wagyu center cut with maine lobster tail. the lobster was sweet on its own but drenched in hot drawn butter was humenah-humenah! (insert toe curling) the beef requested medium rare was done perfectly. it was served with layered potatoes and haricot verts. - the king salmon with crab risotto was another fav...after we sent it back. the first plate arrived with cold king salmon and delicious risotto. we sent it back immediately and the kitchen fired up another one and it was divine. side: garlic mushrooms served in a skillet needs to come with a side of mints because the garlic packs a wallop. sure, the place was so dark that we couldn't read the menu but ask for a mini flashlight and pick one of the tasty cocktails like the mae west martini (rrreeoooww) or the kitty cosmo (puurrrrrrr). if vino is more your thing, the axis napa cab is not too pricey, goes down easy and is perfect with any steak.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,9/15/2010,1165,834,31,27,26>I left work the other day with a mad craving for some Mexican.My first thought: "I must be pregnant!"Then that thought passed.My second thought: "Lucha Libre sounds so good right now.  I pass it everyday on my way to and from work, so why don't I go in more often?"That latter thought stuck with me, so on my way home from work I made a pit stop at Lucha Libre to wrestle with a burrito.(I don't mean *literally* wrestle, although you'd be forgiven for thinking that, especially with all the blingy wrestling paraphernalia decorating the place.  And I'm sure we all know about my love of wrestling in a wading pool full of mole sauce.  But that's neither here nor there.)Speaking of mole-- that happens to be precisely what I ordered!  And not just plain ol' mole, but rather the tremendous Holy Moly burrito, which was packed solid with perfectly cooked chicken, rice, beans, and (of course) oodles of delicious mole.  Yummmmm.  I was lapping up this mole like it was my first meal in weeks, Starvin' Marvin style.  Damn it was delicious.The burrito came with complementary chips and an array of delicious salsas from the salsa bar.   I have absolutely no idea what any of the salsas were called.  Yes, don't hate me for being a bad taco shop patron.  ;-(Overall verdict?  This place some of the most flavorful and delicious Mexican food around, with the most bling-tastic decor to boot.  OH-- and I ran into fellow yelper Jeanna W. as I was leaving here, which rocked, especially since since I caught her while she was engaging in some wicked awesome Lucha Libre-style wrestling moves with the stuff she was carrying around.(P.S.  Rumor has it that some Travel Channel show suddenly made this place ridiculously famous, and now there are crazy lines on weekends.  Go on a Monday afternoon and you won't have to deal with any of the fanny-pack-clad tourist throngs who drive in from Calexico because the guy from Man vs. Food told them to.)
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,9/14/2010,138,111,10,14,13>I'm not big on doing my hair, I'm definitely the low maintenance wash and go type. My hair is wavy and I've got A LOT of it. So I bought a Groupon for Maryjane Salon ($40 for $100 worth of service!!! Oh YESH!) Gerardo was my stylist and I love LOVE how comfortable he made me! He is a total sweet heart and very friendly. He listens to everything you say you want and is honest about what he can do with your hair. I told him my predicament (I'm growing out a haircut that I had done over a year ago... a very SHORT but cute bob.) It's finally evening out but I always had a "shelf" of layers. And it made my head kind of look like a triangle. I didn't want to lose the length so he just evened out the ends. But he added a ton of texture to the lower portion so the shelf look I had has completely disappeared. He gave me a great cut and I love how it turned out. He was great about doing exactly what I wanted and I love how my hair turned out! Also it's super easy to style. I just use a blow dryer! Beats using my dryer, my straightener, and a ton of product to keep it stick straight in order to hide my shelving units! LoL! Also, he cut my bangs and I loooove how they turned out! He really framed my face nicely and I'm very happy with the entire turn out. It's always a pain when you are growing out a hairstyle and I usually end up wearing my hair in a pony tale for 6-8 months waiting for things to look more normal. But since I've got my hair done I've been HAPPY to blow it out and let it have a more natural wave to it! I'm very happy with the results and will recommend Gerardo to anyone! Also, I got my lip done by David and he was so nice! They have a cute little spot upstairs and the whole staff is friendly and not pretentious what so ever! Oh and a definite plus is they have wine you can sip on while getting pampered! :") Thank you Maryjane you guys were great!
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2009,9/13/2010,393,158,12,15,16>Came on a Saturday night around 11 PM. Cover: $5. Line: Non-existent. Inside: Full of people, nearly at capacity. Although the attempt may be towards a dive-lounge hybrid concept, this ratio appears heavily weighted towards the lounge aspect.The beer selection is wonderful. From four flavors of Lindemans fruit lambics, served in the Lindemans glass, to Boddingtons Pub Ale. From tulips of Chimay to tall boy cans of Pabst. From Allagash's White Ale to Corona. Several other selections of bottled beer available, as well as a number of varieties on tap.In addition to the fairly extensive brew selection, El Dorado's mixed drinks get rave reviews. Saw numerous patrons with mason jars of the Mule throughout the lounge.Compared to Gaslamp, a couple blocks West, the purposeful lack of forced dress code encourages the exhibition of creativity, as well as fostering a comfortable environment characterized by open-mindedness. Customer attire spanned the spectrum from tank tops to sport-coats with scarves.Cowboy Western films play on mute on the flat screen TVs near the bar while tons of people, packed on the dance floor, danced with their hands in the air to club mixes of "Animal" by Miike Snow, "Heads Will Roll" by Yeah Yeah Yeahs, "Walking On A Dream" by Empire of the Sun, Kid Cudi's infamous "Day and Night," as well as several others that some may classify as electronica pop. Music videos are projected on to the wall while a sort-of disco ball beamed rays of red light onto the fairly sizeable dance floor. The enormous white buffalo head on the back wall beautifully added to the ambiance and wonderfully complimented the central theme of the lounge. Overall, phenomenal music selection without the "gangsta rap" commonly found in "traditional" Gaslamp clubs (eg, Lil Wayne or whatever else is considered gangsta rap these days, etc...) - a massive positive. It is also worth mentioning that this worker's paradise is uncommon, compared to most establishments of this nature, in that it appears that the members of El Dorado's proletariat are also the owners of the means of production. It is always lovely to be served by bartenders who are also owners of the establishment as this limits the principal-agent problem and, thus, provides incentive for the continuation of superb service.I felt more than happy to award my patronage to the entrepreneurial group of young chaps who own this place.Slight gripe: $20 minimum for credit cards.
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2009,9/12/2010,242,85,15,15,12>YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE HAWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!The homie Precious put me up on this spot.  The other homie Jon C. loves this spot too.  Burgers are cooked good ol fashioned American grilled style, I can smell it already.  Apparently this placed used to be a Boll Weevil?  No wonder the interior is all spooked out.  Animals heads on the walls, Indian shit on the walls, and Farmers shit on the walls.  Not to mention it's hella dark in here too, almost as dark as 923!Food is good.  Burgers straight off the grill, reminds me off BBQin burgers with the homies.  Same great taste.  I'm going here first if ever I'm cravin some burgers.
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2007,2/7/2007,75,41,1,3,2>One word- yummilicious!If you haven't been here, go! GO NOW!
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2007,2/6/2007,41,158,2,3,3>Okay. For my 100th review I shall take you back in time a bit......A year or maybe 9 months ago, Rice and I go down to visit my sister and arrange a sitter so that we can go out for drinks. Last minute decision, we hop a cab to D & B. We've all been there before, we knew we were in for grown ups Chuck E Cheese, just like Nikki G. said. But we took a cab! We had money to spend! We were gonna drink together like we hadn't drank together in a very very long time. We put in our name for the restaurant (which was something like an hour or so wait!) and headed in for the bar. First drink---served immediately. Then we waited, and waited AND waited to get waited on. I was practically jumping over a guy seated at the counter, waiving my money in the bartenders face to get her attention. We tell her our order and she totally forgets about us. After some words with her, another bartender stepped in and we got us another round. We go out to play some games. Everyone's having fun shooting guns, playing pac man and skeeball, and somehow more drinks come into play. Just as sis and I finish up a racing game, we hear our name called over the loudspeaker for our table. I am holding her drink and my drink and yell for her "That's us!" as I suddenly step off am unforeseen ledge, twist my ankle, hit my ass on the back of the car, and fall on the ground. All I can see is people everywhere looking at me yelling (probably in very slurred speech) and handling not one, but 2 alcoholic beverages. Sis helps me up, laughing HER ass off and we head off to the dining room, me limping the entire way. My foot was on fire. We couldn't stop laughing, the waitress looked ashamed of us, and I had to be beet red with embarrassment. Dinner was ruined because all I could do was feel the throb in my ankle and wonder if I had broken something, and THEN what the hell were we gonna do?Actually, I still do remember that I liked the buffalo chicken wrap. My sister had it as well, and as her and I are both lovers of the buffalo chicken, she stills mentions to me how she enjoyed hers too. The guys seemed content with their meal, and afterward we used all our scored tickets to get my little one an Elmo that he dressed in an old Penn State T-shirt and still sleeps with on occasion. They call you a cab and get you tucked safelty inside. If it weren't for stupid bitch waitresses, terribly long dining room waits and ledges that try to kill you (wink wink) I might have given another star.
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2007,2/5/2007,87,67,6,2,6>While I'm "visiting" San Diego Yelp, thought that I, too, would shout a loud, raucous Yelp El Indio's way, Rocco B.Sigh.  The childhood memories flood....  Waiting in line FOR-EV-ER.  Not minding because I got to peek over the counter and watch the ladies making tortillas.The unbelievable scent of said tortillas and spice that wafts through that place.My beloved mom ordering cold enchiladas to go.  Go mom!And the tacos...there is no match, anywhere I've been in the world.  And I've been to Africa, people, so we're talking about world.  If you've lived in San Diego most of your life, then you up and move somewhere else, you'll appreciate your little El Indio gem.  Crunch, cheese, meaty goodness...it's all there.  With luscious guac squeezed in to boot?  Get out of here!  El Indio RAAAAWKS!!!Ooops.  Did I, a Black girl, just say RAAAAWKS?  I guess I'm feeling homesick.
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2007,2/4/2007,52,14,9,3,4>Buenos Dias, Juerro!This place is the hotness, definitely.  As far as taco shops are concerned, Buenos Dias stacks up with some of the best that you will find in the ultra-competitive market of taco shops in San Diego County.  If you have not been to this place yet, and you live anywhere near it... you are a complete putz.  Foolish, foolish behavior on your part and you should be publicly scrutinized because of it.  Now, please allow me to elaborate on the key elements of this hot spot that earn my highly sought after respect.First, there is a drive-thru and it is always open... and always poppin'.  Be prepared to wait.  This is not a bad thing actually because this is one of those places where the more you wait, the more you want it.  And the better it is.  Just like the hibbity dibbity.  Also, a clutch element that not all hole-in-the-wall establishments offer.... they accept debit or credit cards.  This is key.  You see, as a driver, you can easily con your good friend, who is drunk and sleeping with his head on the window, to pay for everyone's food with his debit card, thus, maintaining your personal wealth.  They are open 24 hours a day, earning mega respect along the way.  It is often times the final destination of your night, and ranks as a solid to very-solid choice if this is indeed your last stop of the night.  #1 Reason to go to Buenos Dias:  The Bandito Burrito.  First of all, this is easily the best name ever given to an item on a Mexican food menu.  Its like you take a bite and then you are suddenly robbing  people's horses and saddles, shooting the local sheriff on your way to watch the sunset in Ensenada, singing the Mariachi classic, Anoche Estuve Llorando, at the top of your lungs.  This thing is serious.  How serious?  Basically, this thing should come with extended warranty because you would fight someone for defacing it's value.  It comes with carne asada, a huge chile relleno, rice, and cheese.  Now, to make this thing the "Bandito Burrito Ultimo" as I would like to call it.... do yourself a favor and add some beans and sour cream to this thing and ooohhhhhh weeeeeee, son!!!!!  Unstoppable, every bite is smashin'.#2 Reason to go to Buenos Dias:  The RED hot sauce.  This stuff is pipin' hot and full of flavor, so give this burrito what it deserves and dump it on your goods.Now, you may wonder why the 4 stars, not 5.... well, let me tell you about a few things that are holding this place back from the premium rating.Reason #1:  They attempt to hold back on the red hot sauce and try to slide in some thick and swampy looking green sauce.  Do not let them intimidate you.  Be assertive, let them know what you want.  You want red sauce.  Tell them to give you plenty of extra red sauce.  Demand RED SAUCE!!!  Now, they may throw you a death stare for this antic, but fear not, the red sauce will ease all anxiety in just a few moments.Reason #2:  Their tortillas are not all that great.  This may be the one thing that is holding them back, completely.  You see, the tortilla is every bit as important as the rest of the ingredients.  These tortillas could use a little more flour and a little more durability.  With these minor adjustments, the President of the United States would be eating here every Tuesday just before addressing his staff.  Reason #3:  They have this burrito called the "Paul Burrito."  I want to find Paul and slap that fool in the lips.  Do you want to know what you might find inside of a Paul Burrito?  Rice.  Cheese.  And......... that is all !!!  I mean, does this burrito, suitable for a toddler, deserve space on the menu?  If anyone really dared to order such a thing, it would obviously be a custom design, and would deserve a protest by the head chef operating the grill.  This is a true travesty.Eat at Buenos Dias.  Trust me.
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2007,2/3/2007,0,0,3,5,4>Dude, you're sleeping over waves!  Need I say more!Splurge on this place is you have a special someone or tenderoni entoe!rock!
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2006,2/2/2007,954,774,2,2,4>This place is awesome. Their service is good, very friendly and helfpful. I had their Black martini, and I still think of it to this day, it was so tasty. I'm a martini lover, despite the fact that most martinis are too strong for me, but this one didn't have that vodka after-taste or gag reflex that sometimes accompany those kinds of drinks. The black martini had lots of sweet liquer in it, and tasted like chocolate! After getting good and buzzed at the bar, my boyfriend and I discovered the club downstairs. Not many people were down there dancing, but the music wasn't bad, and I had a great time in to the wee hours of the night.
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2007,2/1/2007,64,33,1,3,1>Upscale vibe, all candle or candle like lighting which is cool and fancy looking but I'm starting to resent paying for ambiance- the very reason why they think they have the right to serve a filet with a tablespoon of mashed potatos, two quarter sized heads of broccoli, accompanied by two baby carrots and some fancy sauce... for forty bucks. Grr, what I could have gotten at outback for forty bucks!!They serve your artichoke infused spread dish and bread with two spoons, rather than thier hands, which was just odd to me, I'm not a fancy person although pretending was fun for a minute. One type of roll they serve had cream cheese in it, awesome. Their crab pasta (called something I can't pronounce) was delicious, but since three gals made the decision to split a meal when we read the prices... I was still hungry. Who leaves a restaurant still hungry? That just sucks.  The extra large glasses of wine made up for the room left in my stomach, so at least I got buzzed quicker.But if you have lots of money to blow on fine dining, its a lovely place to do it.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2006,1/31/2007,16,20,2,3,4>Tokyo Sushi used to be my little secret, but this place has garnered a cult following since my days as a freshman at SDSU. The place is always packed -- and with good reason. Their sushi is delish -- especially their Caterpillar roll and they have some crazy/original specials that will satisfy everyone's taste.It's a perfect hole in the wall type of place to take someone on a date or to have a gab fest with your gal pals.They also have Sake ready to go and all the essential Asian beers.Oh yeah, and the green tea ice cream is the perfect way to finish the meal.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2007,1/30/2007,686,1281,4,4,5>I feel lame only giving the zoo four stars, but I liked the wild animal park better.  The zoo was a trememdous amount of walking for what ended up being a crap-load of birds of all varieties.  When I think of the zoo, I think of all sorts of large and interesting animals.  Although they have those, there were way more birds than anything else.  I totally wore the wrong shoes and hurt my feet.  Also, I already knew this before going in, but the food is HORRENDOUSLY expensive.  Even though I was prepared for this, I was still surprsied when we got there.All in all, it's a great zoo experience, but be prepared to see a bunch of birds.
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2006,1/28/2007,254,186,3,3,5>Hippish-Gaslight distric eatery, serving up organic fare. San Diego, are your trying to make me move? You keep suprising me? On the whole it looks like SD has taken a culinary step forward. Luna Lounge is another great expample.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2007,1/1/2008,101,101,3,6,6>I used to literally live right across the street from Rocky's back in my PB days, and it's crazy that I never went here. But when I did, wow, was I glad. Now you should note that I'm rating this five stars based on the burger they have here.It's incredible. It's famous. It's incredibly famous - at least around town.Seriously, this is the best burger I've ever had. You get a nice classic, juicy chunk of beef cooked to perfection, with a bun that somehow melts along with each bite. No review can really capture just how good it is - you just have to go there and find out for yourself.Mmm mmm! Just thinking about it makes me want to grab one right now!PS. The place is CASH ONLY!
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2007,12/31/2007,187,162,18,10,12>I went here a couple months back, sort of by accident (long story), but I didn't write a review because I couldn't think of anything that hasn't been said, and said well, by over fifty other Yelpers.Because yes, delicious meat is brought to your table by Brazilian guys, and you should go hungry so that you eat your money's worth, because this place will cost you. And don't waste space in your belly with those side dishes. Desserts are good too. All this has been said before.However, I'm not sure if anyone has commented on the bathroom. Well, why would they? I'll tell you why! There's a bidet and television in there, for goodness sake! Seriously, I couldn't figure out why the line was so long for the ladies . . .  At first I thought it was girls puking up their meal to make room for more meat, but then I went in and realized they were just watching Lord of the Rings!
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,12/30/2007,97,117,16,9,9>Get your foodie ass over here asap (if you dare call yourself a foodie that is.) Finally, San Diego has a restaurant that does hot pot right.  Just imagine spicy herb broth coming to a boil under your nose, rare lamb cooking before your eyes, free floating fish balls,  dumpling dropping fun, and raw egg sauce dipping craziness.  The textures, the smells, the taste, the sights--Little Sheep rocks all the senses.  It's only been open a couple weeks, but I can tell you with complete certainty that this places will be San Diego's new favorite Asian food place.  I was there opening day. And I'll be back over and over and over....One Caveat.  The on/off switch was located on the side of the table.  The server guy had to reach in between my boyfriends legs to turn the table stove on.  My boyfriend was uncomfortable. I was jealous. Quite an awkward moment.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2007,12/29/2007,20,52,5,4,3>It's a liquor store. A small one. Nothing more, nothing less.But it deserves an extra star for these reasons:* Andre sparkling wine, both uncooled and in the cooler, brut and extra dry, for the connoisseurs. * Two different sizes of Jaegermeister in the ice-cream freezer--i'm not in that market, but i appreciate.* A fair selection, for the size of the shop, of good beer--for which i am in the market.* The sons who staff it most often are really pleasant fellows.My new local liquor-store, now that Mission Bay Market has closed? Check.Awesome name, reminiscent of Ferris Bueler's Day Off? Check.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2007,12/28/2007,126,386,7,9,9>Some La Mesa history...In the '30s and '40s, before Interstate 8 was built, El Cajon Boulevard was the only road to El Centro, so it had all the auto camps and motels.  University Avenue was its twin in that it headed east, but unlike El Cajon Blvd, it had the trolley carrying people to and from the city, so it instead catered to the neighborhoods with its grocery stores and clothing stores.  The trolley never went as far as La Mesa, but the road did.  And where HABANA now stands was the original DMV for local residents, which is why the restaurant still has an awesome parking lot.Fast forward 30-40 years, and La Mesa looks more like it does today.  In this same location, after the DMV moved, for many years stood a noble dive called Jamar Bar, which served a steak (that I never did try).  About five years ago, when Jamar Bar was still in business, I went with a few friends and we ordered their 2 pound burger.  They had a deal whereby if you could eat the 2 pound burger -- along with all the shoestring fries that came with it -- you'd get to eat for free.  I did not try, but I did split one of those 2 pound burgers with my friends, and we happily split it (and paid full price).So now the ghosts of the DMV and the big burger and bad karaoke remain, but this spot has been renovated and it no longer is the dive it once was.  It's not a fancy place, and the Cuban food isn't other-worldly, but the food is pretty good for a family-friendly place in La Mesa.  On a very quiet Sunday evening, I enjoyed my ropas viejas and yuca con mojo.  And while I'm no expert about Cuban food, I know when I've run into friendly and helpful waitstaff and super-friendly managers who shake your hand no fewer than four times before you get out the door.  (Yes, he seemed sober.)I intend to go back for happy hour, which is 4 to 7 weekdays, and they have 1/2 priced beer and appetizers at the bar.  Better service than the DMV, that's for sure!
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/9/2007,12/27/2007,74,87,14,10,7>Let me start off by saying that I have a degree in environmental biology so at one time I really dug biology. Apparently as I am getting older and dumber, I find it a lot less interesting. This exhibit didn't do much for me. (Actually I thought it was kind of gross but that's not a very mature thing to say so forget I just said that.) I had the audio tour. Unless you are an auditory learner to the nth degree, don't pay the extra $8 or whatever it is for it to carry around the talking stick. Even though I totally understood what was being said, I found the audio tour to be superfluous and boring and eventually I started listening to the children's audio tour. Even the children's audio tour got boring after a while.There were some interesting tidbits of information to be learned. It's a cool concept on dissecting the human body. But for $28 I really expected a better layout. Not just body parts in cases. I expected a more impressive display. How about some color in those display cases? How about some animation?? Lights?? Pyrotechnics? Okay, not pyrotechnics but you get my drift. For about $30 I want to be entertained.  The most entertaining part was comparing the ball sacks of the cadavers. Hey, nothing else captured my attention. The older I get, the shorter my attention span.  So, in conclusion, I thought it was a cool concept but I've been to more interesting museum exhibits.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2007,12/26/2007,13792,257,2,47,82>I joined the Navy and arrived in San Diego at 10 pm Thursday evening, October 13, 1966.  In a short time I was transformed from civilian to sailor.  Lifetime friendships were formed during those initial weeks.   The "draft" had pulled new recruits into the Navy and we represented many different cultural and economic backgrounds.   My best new friend had a UCLA masters degree.  Others joined to escape crushing poverty, the Navy providing new shoes for the first time in their life.  Back then every family in America had a stake and knew someone in the military.  My first eight hour "liberty" time in San Diego was amazing.  My new friends and I were welcome everywhere.  Strangers paid for every drink that night.      The anniversary of my arrival in San Diego is also the Navy's birthday, October 13, 1775.   I have experienced the BEST tradition of all, "join the Navy and see the world."  Most of my high school friends have remained close to home but the Navy has taken me to cultures spread across two thirds of the earth.  The diversity is amazing but friendship is the same everywhere.  From Vladivostok to Rome, Nagasaki to Reykjavik people share a love of family and friends.  Thanks Navy for good times with neighbors all over the world.  So Happy Birthday to the US Navy today.  And thank you San Diego for becoming my new home.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/31/2007,12/24/2007,215,238,10,15,12>In honor of Halloween, it only seems appropriate to write about the Whaley House in Old Town, San Diego.Going here around this time of year seems to have become my tradition.  Each year we go - not just for the thrill of being in a "confirmed haunted house," but also to feel a little bit of history. It has become a highlight of our San Diego visits.  The Whaley House features what was the first commercial theatre in San Diego and the first courthouse.  Additionally, there are still the historic furnishings and daily necessities of the time the home was lived in.This year was different.  Apparently between a feature on the Travel Channel as the number one "haunted house" in America and an episode of the ridiculous (yet strangely entertaining) "Most Haunted," the docents of the Whaley House are beginning to believe their own press.  The gift shop/ticket sales office was filled with t-shirts, water bottles and other items printed with the slogan, "Got Ghosts?"OK - that was cute.  However, $6 per person later, we entered the house to the sound of screaming teenage girls.  We thought maybe it was some tourists trying to scare themselves, but we were wrong.  They were part of the new Whaley experience.  Next we entered the courtroom.  There was a new, large display of suspicious pictures of "ghosts" taken by visitors.  Never mind that most of the pictures are simply blurs of light that were taken in front of the plexiglass barriers in front of the bedrooms.We also noticed another new aspect:  a kitchen stocked with fake food.  "Oh good," we noted sarcastically, "Now they're going Disney."As we took our self-guided tour of the home, we traipsed upon the teenage girls again in the theatre.  There they sat on the raked stage in period costume, attempting to act macabre.  We commented on the clocks draped in black."The house is in mourning," one of the girls intoned."Mourning?"  I asked."Yessss...." she quietly hissed.I probably rolled my eyes.  Undaunted, I asked why the house was in mourning.  Finally she dropped the act and said it was because of the fires.  OK - I could buy that.  Still, the experience was now officially ruined for me.We left feeling disappointed.  We always loved just being able to enjoy the house, its stories and its raw history.  This time we felt watched, toyed with and finally patronized.  I guarantee if the docents are up to their current tricks next year, I won't be back.
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2007,12/23/2007,171,62,30,17,23>This extraordinary moment in my personal gastric history is brought to you by Lorna's Italian Kitchen.The overabundance of Italian wine, the never-ending baskets of warm bread and butter, the mountainous bowl of pasta that lay before me.  It was just too much.  It was SO much, in fact, that in the midst the gorge-fest I all of a sudden heard a tiny *ping.*  Conversations halted.  Seven pairs of eyes turned slowly towards me. Time actually stopped.  Blushing, I reached down to retrieve what I had lost.  Slowly and triumphantly I emerged from beneath the table, holding my round trophy up for all to see.Yes, ladies and gentleman, I had popped a button!  I waddled home a proud and happy girl that night.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,12/22/2007,4856,1798,8,9,7>Alright, I admittedly don't spend the most amount of time in Clairemont...unless I'm looking for some quality ramen on a semi-drunken Friday or Saturday night. However, myself and the Frightening Lightning (the baddest bunch of Charger fans in SD), decided to post up at Players Sports Bar for the Chargers/Ravens game last Sunday. I've heard of this place from numerous amigos, but have never had the chance to hit it up. Wow, was I impressed! First of all, this place is as big as Donald Trump's ego...Plenty of room for all of your buds. Nothing sucks quite as bad as rippin' to a bar to check out a game, and having to stand the entire time. That's bogus. Players could fit the entire town of Julian inside their facility.Plus, they have like, 3,000,098 TVs with every NFL game playing at once. Pretty awesome. It was quite the melting pot of NFL fans...however, there were a large contingent of New England Patriots band-wagoners that were a bit on the whack side. But just do what I did, and ignore them.During Sunday football, they offer an all-you-can-eat buffet that is open the entire day. It features your typical bar bites, like chicken nuggets, egg rolls, etc...but they also had some pretty bomb-ass pizza, finger sandwiches, and salads for you herbivores out there.But, the best part in my opinion...was their bloody mary bar! Hell yes, I love 'em! You order, they supply the clear...and you mix your drink however your broken liver desires. I'll definitely be going back to this little gem right off the 805 on Clairemont Mesa Blvd. Yeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhh booyyyyeeee.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,1/13/2014,1515,967,10,14,12>Gourmet sausages? A big sausage fest! (Literally)They have very unique sausages made at this place. From things you never heard of to even more bizarre ones! I love the fact that they didn't do the normal sausage, you know a bun, the sausage, and ketchup. It's more of like specialty sausages.I've tried a little of all their sausages from their Italian sausage (concept like an "italian sandwich"), ribeye sausage, chicken mango salsa, lobster sausage, duck duck pig and more. My favorite is by far is the chicken mango salsa. I love it because they have chili flakes in the sausage, the pretty spicy serrano sauce with it, then it being balance by the mango salsa on top. It's sooo good. I haven't tried anything like that before. This place is definitely high on their creative skills. The fries were also delicious! I recommend sharing fries, it's probably one of the best fries I've tried. The food did take a bit long for it to come out, but the bartender gave us a heads up and apologize (I think that is sooo much better to just let us know and say sorry then not addressed it at all! But she did a great job)Great set up as well, makes the place look extra big when it's not really big. Great crafts beer selection as well. Feeling for sausages and beer? This is the way to go!
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,1/12/2014,975,197,8,20,13>This place is nothing short of amazing. Always love everything of ballast point, and this place made me a hardcore fanatic. They have an awesome, wide variety of their beers on tap. Everything for everyone. IPA, Stout, IIPA, Pale Ale, Saison, Porter- you name it, they got it. Oh, and get this, not only do they have kick ass beers, they have uhhhh-mazzzzinnnggggg food. I ordered the surf and turf, the ceviche, and the sausage roll with apple sauerkraut. oh. my. God.Never would I imagine the food to be so damn good. The ceviche was perfect, not spicy, not too sour or tart, big chunks of shrimp- ugh, just so good.The surf and turf was pork belly with seared albacore. This was my favorite dish. The pork belly melted in your mouth and the albacore was cooked to perfection. The sausage roll with apple sauerkraut was everyone else's favorite. The food was demolished almost instantly.Staff was helpful, friendly and very attentive. Chris, one of the guys at the bar, had awesome recommendations for beers and food. We ordered everything he recommended, and glad we did. So even if you're not in the mood for beer, come by and grab a bite to eat. You definitely won't be disappointed. And trust me, you'll end up ordering a beer. It's too hard not to. ;) For a place that's known for great beer, the fact that they have just as great of food, makes this place above all the rest.Hats off to ballast point. You have mastered it.
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,1/11/2014,422,254,9,15,12>They have really great lunch specials Monday-Saturday from 11am-3:30pm. My friend and I decided to give them a try and we were really glad we did!The ambiance was quite nice and everything was really clean and looking new. We started off with the gyoza filled with cabbage and fried chicken and the deep fried wontons filled with chicken and shrimp. Both came with a sweet and sour dipping sauce. I have to say, these were really tasty and just $1.50 per order during lunch! Next up, I had the pad see ew with chicken, my staple choice when I'm at a Thai restaurant. I wasn't disappointed! I had some left over to take home and enjoy the next day. My friend ordered the thai basil with calamari at it's maximum level of spiciness. He's Korean so spicy food is right up his alley. He said it was barely tingly on his palate but it sure burned mine. Service was pretty good. Our waiter was attentive, always stopping by to check on us and make sure our waters were constantly filled. He even answered our questions about the chrysanthemum tea. Yes, they have chrysanthemum tea!
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,1/10/2014,1165,834,15,36,27>Ever since our CM handed out those $20 Uber gift cards at a Yelp event last year, I've been hooked.  Uber is *exactly* what I'd been looking for for years -- a fast, affordable, comfortable, and extremely reliable car service.  Let's face it -- San Diego is no Manhattan.  Or Philadelphia or Boston or even San Francisco for that matter.  Unless you live in the heart of the Gaslamp, you simply can't count on just stepping outside and hailing down a cab.  So what alternatives are you left with?  I've tried reserving car services days in advance, just to have them fail to show up.  I've also tried calling sketchy and unreliable cab dispatchers who promise a cab in 15 minutes -- and the cab arrives 90 minutes later.  I've long since given up on those miserable options.Uber is completely different.  It's car service done right.  Whenever and wherever I happen to be and need a ride, I just open the Uber app on my iPhone, click two buttons, and the GPS-based system instantaneously dispatches a comfortable black towncar to my location, which then appears in front of me in under 10 minutes.  Usually its under 5.  Sometimes it's even under 1.  Doesn't matter if I'm downtown, at the airport, or out in the 'burbs.   Doesn't matter if it's early morning, high noon, or late at night.  Doesn't matter if it's a weekday or a weekend or a holiday.  Uber is always there to get me where I need to go.  Sometimes I'm with a big group who wants to party downtown, and nobody wants to be the designated driver.  You should see the awestruck looks I get when I summon an Uber SUV and a shiny new Escalade rolls up.Uber is wonderful when I'm at home in San Diego, but I actually use it most when I'm out of town and staying out later than planned.  Worried about wandering through an unfamiliar city at 2am?  No worries, Uber will come to your rescue.Another perk:  At the end of the ride, there's no awkward fumbling with cash.  Instead, the credit card linked to my Uber account is charged, and Uber fares include tip.  I just step out of the car and go on my merry way.  I receive an email receipt within seconds, and the app prompts me to write a brief review of my driver, Yelp-style.  Easy peasy.It's a cab in my pocket, and it's awesome.  I love Uber.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,1/9/2014,288,129,9,13,9>Hallelujah!Finally!!! A place worth returning to for tacos. I have driven by this food truck at the corner of Texas Street and Meade Ave., so many times, that I have lost count. And, every time I would drive by I would say,"I need to stop here, and check out the $1.75 taco." Well, no more driving by. On Tuesday, October 29th, 2013 I finally stopped making excuses, and drove myself to the truck.First, Kiko's Place is a food truck. Located in the parking lot next to convenience store. There's a sign in the lot that says,"Only parking for the convenience store." But, you can disregard that. They understand that the food truck is in the lot. There is also parking on the street. However, usually all the spots are taken.Second, there isn't much of a sitting area next to the truck. There are small chairs, and I mean small...and there was "one" table. Small too! So, when you decide to visit Kiko's, plan on eating standing up, eating in your car, or taking it to go. When you place your order at the window, you will be asked if you want it here or to go.Third, I have paid cash every time, and I was under the impression they are a only cash business. However, they have the VISA/MC/DISC/AMEX stickers at the window. I recommend you plan on paying with cash. If that is not an option, call ahead to find out.Fourth, Kiko's Place sure likes "club music". It is 3 volume bars too loud for me. I like it, don't get me wrong. It's just that I have to yell at the girl taking my food order. I don't like to yell!Fifth, the food is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. I ordered the Spicy Fish and the Governor, all together $6.50. The Governor was full of spices and flavor...makes my mouth water as I write about it. The Spicy Fish wasn't spicy for me. However, it had aroma, zest, freshness, and not to mention a bold flavor. That is what I tried on my first visit.Today, Sunday, November 3rd. I wanted to know what the $1.75 taco was about...fried fish topped with a cabbage salad and a light but creamy sauce. Delicious!!! Now, I know. I also tried the Grilled Fish $2.50. This might be my favorite, although, I like all that I have tasted. Plus, there are 16 more tacos to try! So, no favorites as of now. Because, I like them all.One other thing. There is a discrepancy on their business hours. Here is what the girl at the counter told me.Monday to Saturday 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.Sunday 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.I give Kiko's Place 5 stars for friendly service and phenomenal tacos.I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.Bon Appetit!
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/8/2014,279,127,7,10,11>I finally ventured into this supermarket!  I'm a regular just around the corner at Chuze Fitness, but never noticed this place until now.  I had a great workout one evening, and was looking for a nearby store to grab a banana....hahaha!  I'm serious about the banana.  El Super reminds me of a "Mexican Food 4 Less."  I say that because they make you bag your stuff at the end.  Tons of affordable groceries and produce, but of course carrying more groceries that is tailored towards the Spanish community.  This is a total bonus.  I love Mexican food and their supermarkets.  I'm used to going to a nearby Vallarta down the street from my house, and I love that you can purchase marinated proteins, fresh tortilla, adobada tacos, a ton of different flavored jugos, tres lesches cakes, etc.  El Super has it's own panaderia for you to stock up on a variety of pastries, breads, cakes & cookies.  I thought it was genius that their bakery makes what they call "bar cakes" for $9.99 in different flavors including tres leches.  It's rectangular in shape and just the perfect width in order to making cake cutting a breeze.  Even though these cakes are super affordable, they're all so ornately decorated as well.  I'm always surprised on beautifully displayed their pastries look.  There's even a separate kiosk inside where you can purchase a ton of different cheese, salsas, ceviches and juices.  My husband especially loves their ice cream section.  El Super had a plethora of Mexican ice creams, more than the average store.  It was the first time we both saw frozen chamangos.  I was extremely shocked to see that they even carry brands from Hawaii, like Meadow Gold ice cream and POG juice.   The meats department is average in size to other Mexican markets, but some of their prices are dirt cheap.  During my most recent visit, I was impressed to see that customers could purchase pork shoulder, chicken thighs, and chicken wings for $0.99/lb.  The coolest part about these supermarkets is the marinated meats section.  This is where you can buy carne asadas and the other normal stuff you find in Mexican street tacos.  In American supermarkets, you have delis where you can purchase salads and sandwiches among other things.  In El Super, their deli is like having a Mexican restaurant inside the grocery store.  This is where you can sit down in their dedicated section with chairs and tables so you can enjoy eating tamales, guacamole, pazole, tacos, burritos, freshly squeezed juices from both fruit & vegetables, ceviches....SO MUCH CHOICES!  Now, my favorite part of this entire supermarket is the produce section.  IT"S DIRT CHEAP, and the selection of produce is pretty large.  Not only is the selection large, but I also think the quality of their produce is great.  I was able to buy a basket full of fruit including pineapple, mangos, papaya, avocado, watermelon, and chicken wings for just $12.  This is insane.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,1/7/2014,368,435,11,10,7>After parking, we walked a few hundred yards and all we could see was a dirt mound. We thought aloud, "Is this all there is?" We were feeling pretty high and mighty, knowing we would soon conquer a tiny hill then maybe find some flat trails behind it. We were wrong. As we walked a bit more, we see dozens of possible trails. We opted for the Fortuna Mountain one and it kicked my butt. I am not in great shape but I am not a carpet slug either, so I feel like for most people, I am a pretty good measure of how hard something is because I am in neither particularly good nor particularly horrible shape (though closer to the latter than the former...). For the most part, this was pretty flat and had good views. We wanted to check out the rock garden (which my coworker Jeff says is pretty cool), but opted for Fortuna Mountain instead. I love how it crosses a shady wooded area not only because it's cooler in the shade, but there is this cool janky bridge and it's really pretty in there. Then. THEN. We see it. It is a mountain of stairs. Almost literally. They put stairs up the mountain. This wins a ton of Natalie F awards for efficiency, but this is what kicked my butt. I swear if I did this more often, I would always have a "dayum girl" butt--motivation? I think yes. Whether you want to be more "dayum girl" or are looking for a climb that leaves you with great views of the area, whether you want to explore the rock garden or conquer that dirt mound, this is the place to go! With so many trail options, we could come back many times without seeing the same things twice!
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,1/6/2014,604,329,11,14,12>Sandwich lovers: you're going to run into a great contender for your attention! The world needs amazing sandwiches to fill its corners, and well, Crossroads Deli is a place that deserves more attention. So reject your shrink-wrapped fake food that never (ever) expires and stuff made from processed pink chicken goo and come let your taste buds swim in some love. No, I did not just describe McDonalds...heh. Food: - Chicken Supreme on Squaw ($7.50): Reviews arent lying, that chicken is tender and juicy even though it's a thin/medium slice (what kind of insanity is this?!). The mixture of the secret sauces and the avocado brings a rich creamy texture that mixes perfectly with the chicken and veggies. Where the sauce lacked, the avocado held it together. The Squaw is slightly sweet, which really brings a complementary contrast to the savory sandwich--which actually was quite delightful. It's not a thick bread so dont expect to be filled to the brim, but for a lunch craving--this was fantastic. Recommended. Gah! I wish all sandwiches were like this - Al's Famous on Onion Roll ($7.50): Stacked turkey makes me happy but it was slightly drier than I would have expected. Turkey is usually dry, so I dont blame them, but it seemed to suck the flavor with it so instead of helping it linger with the ingredients, it kind of took away from it. Turkey fan? Go for it, it's still tasty and delicious...but I'll go with something else next time. The other veggies were fresh and worked well with the sandwich. The bacon, mmmhm, not just crispy but delightfully crispy. Everything mixed together, it's a great sandwich with its own perks. Pros: - Best. Hospitality. Ever. I've only seen a handful of businesses with noticeably genuine love for customers--and this place is ranked with them. I love coming to restaurants where the owners love what they do. Thank you for the second dose of free cookies, striking up conversation, and helping us feel welcome. Thanks for coming outside, asking if we needed anything, and filled our water cups for us. Other reviewers were not lying!  - Very clean interior. Eat inside, eat outside, take your pick. Looks newly renovated/opened. - No seriously, the owners are worth supporting. They can be your next best friends.Cons: - Their coffee is meh. I wont put this against them, just don't be surprised when it doesnt taste that great.Observations:- This place seriously is right inside the Crossroads apartment complex. You'll find it next to the leasing office...where you would never expect to find a Deli. What an odd find, but a really nice mom & pop deli shop with fabulous food. Totally warms my heart and my...tummy.  - Had no idea where to park so I just parked in the guest spots inside the garage. The garage used for residents. Hah.  - Not your conventional strip-mall feel, so be prepared to be right in the smack middle of apartment complexes. It's seriously an odd feeling if you've never done this before. Neither good or bad...Hint: - Check in, get a free cookie. Get a greeting, laughs, feel warm, and tip well.As a resident of UTC, I approve of this deli. I'm so glad they exist. Great food, great owners...must be our lucky day. It will be a delightful experience for you too!
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,1/5/2014,70,176,13,17,11>myPley:Homie, this ish right here, this ish right here n****, this ish right here! Ever since Huffmans left us, I have looked for a soul food place like this in broad daylight with a flashlight, where has Felix been all my life? Im not going to even lie, I came in here with low expectations. I expected this place to be more ratchet and ghetto than a Trinidad James family reunion. I walked in, stunned at everything. The place appeared clean and well kept, the staff struck the ground with their foot, walking from here to there, with such professionalism and earnest interaction that I almost asked if I could work there.A full bar sits on the south end of the restaurant accompanied by a stage that, I will assume, live bands jazz up.In regards to the food, I was overwhelmed with satisfaction. I had the Fried Chicken, fries, and red beans and rice. Before I go any further, I want to share that my mom is creole Louisiana, I grew up in south east san diego eating soul food and creole food, and lived in Houston for some time.. Hopefully I established some credibility. The fried chicken, dressed in a savory seasoning and fried perfectly made me feel like I was in Houston. That chicken was off the chain. The red beans and rice could not get more homemade than it was. A lot of people attempt to pull it off, but Felix's red beans and rice carries an acquired taste in which someone like me will pause and go, "man, yall flew this in from Louisiana." However, the fact that my food arrived and tasted fresh, hot, and homemade sent me to believe that there are some talented folks in the back working with some serious southern recipes. Felix's brought soul to San Diego, a soul that almost disappeared with Huffmans. If Huffman's was still alive today, I would have to admit that  although Huffmans is O.G., Felix's soulful swag  is the new and improved generation of Soul Food in San Diego. I do not believe that I am speaking for myself, either; I watched the plates that were being cleared off of the tables and not one plate had any food left on it.I cant wait to try the other options on their menu.
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,1/4/2014,59,729,10,11,9>I always pass by this place but unfortunately never stopped in.  Its right down the street from work and today I decided to try it out.  I placed my order for the Double Decker.  My total was around $9.00.  Paid the man my money and took a seat.  It did take a little while longer than expected but they do have a sign that says they make everything fresh and they appreciate the customers patience.  Fair enough by me.Took my sandwich back to work and dug in.  I could tell that this thing was massive just by sheer weight.  I unwrapped this bad boy and was instantly impressed.  The Double Decker comes with ham, turkey, bacon, swiss, cheddar, lettuce, tomato, onion and mustard (I skipped the mayo because mayo is pretty disgusting on its own).  The sandwich is served on toasted sourdough bread...at least that's what it tasted like..may have been white bread.  Whatever it was, it held the sandwich together well.  It was massive!  It tasted great too! They use Dietz and Watson meat and nice thick slices of cheese.  This sandwich was a winner.  It was almost TOO big.  I have a small mouth and was having problems biting into this beast!  I did get it down though and it sure was delicious.  I will definitely be back to try out some more of their other sandwiches.$9.00 may seem a bit much for a sandwich but for the size, quality and taste, it was worth it!
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2007,3/21/2007,249,153,11,11,11>I may never have stumbled across this delightful establishment if my parents hadn't frugally decided to stay in the Travelodge on Hotel Circle on one of their infrequent visits (it is mere steps away from Albie's).  Having known me for some time, the folks recognized Albie's as right up my alley.  When we dined there together I understood why.Albie's is dimly lit and is filled with dark wood--the bar, the tables, the booths, everything.  It has that lounge-y vibe that enables me to picture the dense clouds of smoke that must have hung in the air in days past.  But this is California, people, so the joint is obviously smoke-free.  I'd say the clientele is 75% O-L-D, and I get whiffs of powdery scents as I walk through knots of retirees in the bar area, on my way to the dining room.   Tantalizing as all that is, it isn't the awesome part.  At least not the MOST awesome part.  The clincher is that the entire restaurant is decorated with large paintings of voluptuous women in various stages of undress.  I know!  How awesome is that!?  Boobs while you dine!  I wouldn't exactly call the paintings tasteful, but neither are they lewd or offensive.  Just... awesome.  Perhaps I should use "awesome" a few more times in this paragraph.While the decor and clientele are enough to keep me thrilled for an evening, restaurants are for dining--they don't like it if you just sit at a table gawking at the old ladies and the artwork all night.  Albie's kindly provides two kinds of bread to tide you over while you peruse the menu, and both are pretty alright, though not spectacular.  The ranch dressing for the salad, however, IS spectacular.  My mother says the honey mustard is wickedly delicious as well.  But "Albie's Beef Inn" isn't just a clever name.  They definitely have beef.  Last time I was there I ordered the bacon-wrapped filet mignon, which was divine.  Seriously, I like mine medium, and it was perfect; quite pink inside, but not RAW pink.  It came with a sugar-sweet carrot and a twice-baked potato, which were popular with all of us.  Of course beef isn't all they serve.  I've ordered seafood dishes there that were just as satisfying.  This is probably not the place for serious vegetarians and the like (haha), but I imagine anyone into kitsch and steak houses (and the elderly) will like it nearly as much as I do.  Which is quite a lot.
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2007,3/19/2007,82,69,6,5,8>ohhh. myyyy. godddddd.thank god i live 100 miles away from this place, otherwise id have a huge ass bread gut.i dont think ive had a better croissant. not even the croissants in france beat this place. first of all, IT WAS HUGE. and so layered and flaky. you know that shit is good when you spray croissant flakes all over yourself. i got the almond flavor, and it was the perfect flavor and consistency.also tried the blueberry turnover. blueberry turnovers are not usually my bag. i dont know what posessed me to get this, as i usually find them dry and uninspiring. oh gosh. this place has converted me. SO. FREAKING. GOOD.also, they have homemade jams and peanut butter. and things like "deconstructed egg sandwiches." can you get any better than that!?!i have to go back for breakfast one of these days. and if they have soft boiled eggs with bread fingers on the menu, i'll change my rating to a big fat well deserved 5!
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2006,3/18/2007,80,39,1,5,6>Hashem at Jet Rhys is a dream come true. I've always been pretty chill about my hair... never spent a lot of $ or time on it, but some friends had been raving about Hashem, so I booked it. I am hooked. He is seriously an artist. I simply went in & told him all of my requirements: not too much product, must air dry, not more than 5 minutes styling it, etc. He rocked it, spent 2 hours creating his "masterpiece" and was soooo much fun to boot. My cuts always grow out really well, so I don't have to constantly go in to maintain the look. I look forward to my appointments because I always laugh the whole time, get an amazing shampoo/ neck massage and leave feeling like a million bucks (for only 50 bucks).From the moment you walk in the desk staff are genuinely kind and the stylists are, too. If you go see Hashem, tell him Brooke sent ya!
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2007,3/17/2007,416,587,9,8,5>Rei DO Gado is the reason I'm wearing my fat pants today. I've been crushin' on Brazilian cuisine of late and I was very pleased to try this authentic Brazilian BBQ place just last night after hearing such good things about the restaurant. Rei DO Gado actually has an abundance of healthful food. I think Mr. Atkins and that South Beach Diet guy would both agree that cuisine at Rei Do Gado is healthier than most places (especially compared to  Italian eateries). The problem is that this place is all that it is all-you-can-eat. Regretfully, I wore my skinny jeans to Rei Do Gado, and skinny was about the last thing I felt when I left the eatery, but the bit of discomfort I felt after I meal was worth it because Rei Do Gado is a fine restaurant and it offers a completely unique dining experience. Even though most of the patrons here gorge themselves, this place is pretty upscale and elegant. I was starving when I came here and I gleefully loaded up at the salad bar -  I got loads of tomatoes, mushroom, artichokes, corn, zucchini and countless other vegetables. Oh, the assortment of veggies was divine, so much so, a vegetarian could easily eat their heart out at this place. But Rei DO Gado is a meat lover's paradise. All meals are $44 and that includes all you can eat meat, veggies, side dishes, and fruit, so weather you are into meat eater or not, you have to cough up the big bucks for a dinner. I'm not really that into meat, but I have to admit I did have some of the red meat at the restaurant. Yes, I'm a former vegetarian and I usually only eat chicken or fish, but I was too tempted by the Brazilian BBQ. I had one piece of beef that I thought was too rare. In fact I could have sworn that cow was still mooing on my plate. But the other samples were pretty tasty. The chicken is barbecued with cheese ... the whole chicken and cheese combo is a bit gluttonous, but the portions are not too big. I felt a little guilty about the red meat bit, so I tried to make up for it by ordering dessert! Actually, I only had one bite of cheese cake (I swear) and I wasn't disappointed. I highly recommend the Riesling, it was a tasty compliment to my savory dinner. The service here is top notch. The Brazilian waiters are yummy : ) But I felt more like slipping into a diabetic coma after I ate, not flirting with the staff.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2007,3/16/2007,18,23,2,2,2>The carriage house is my new favorite karaoke place in San Diego!!This place is in a pretty random location, so unless you know its there, you wont see it. It is right near Balboa and Convoy in the back of a restaurant. So look closely.Inside, its pretty small, but there is room to move around if it gets really crowded. They have 1 pool table for the people who dont want to sing, but why wouldnt they!!!The best thing about the place is that you can actually sing your song in a decent amount of time. The lamplighter gets to crowded and you can barely get up there to sing your heart out but the carriage house definitely gives you a chance. Really nice dj's and a really encouraging crowd.I recommend this place all the way!!!!
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2007,3/15/2007,295,160,2,4,2>Pho spells hangover cure to me, sigh.I love the spring rolls here, so fresh and yummy.Try a side of french bread, great for dipping!Service, so fast, wow.Food, perfect, everytime.CLEAN.Friendly.Oh, free wi-fi.Hot DAMN.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2006,3/14/2007,182,154,1,1,4>i went here for my first brazilian. the ucsd dollar saver had a coupon that made it $30 instead of $40. i thought i would surprise my boyfriend at the time with one and went in. a little nervous, but excited. my technician put me at complete ease. she talked the whole time which took my mind off the fact that she was going to places only my gyno and bf should go. she was super sweet and she really made the whole experience easy. it didn't even hurt that badly. if i could afford $40 every three weeks i would have become a brazilian addict... but ive only had that one and it was great. i'd highly recommend this place, especially for those ucsd students with the coupons! i still feel bad to this day though because i was so shaken by the experience that i forgot to tip! oops. i always meant to go back to the same girl so i could tip double, but i didn't. if you're looking for your first time, i'd go here.
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2007,3/13/2007,658,530,5,17,13>This by far is the best tasting greasy spoon taco joint that I have ever been to. No frills, ugly decor, uncomfortable seating but fabulously delicioso!!!! The menu is limited and they only serve meat from cows and one dish from a pig called Tacos de Adobada which is so yummy I went back for seconds. The Tacos de Asada were just as tasty and the cheese in the quesadillas is excellent. We couldn't figure out what it was but something similar to mozzarella. It is so worth the trip to Chula Vista. Each taco costs $1.75. They don't serve burritos or fish so don't go if you are a vegetarian. I only wish I had brought back a dozen to take with....
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/9/2007,3/11/2007,49,155,3,3,3>I don't have a problem with the deliciousness of the subs here, in fact I used to eat them all the time.  It's about the way they make 'em.  Granted, at noon on a Saturday in PB, you're going to get some hungover punk who hasn't showered making your sandwich: area standard.  But, maybe they could get some of those cool plastic gloves that Subway uses so I don't have to imagine what families of bacteria are currently residing on the hands of the kid molesting my meal.  I seriously got sick the last time I ate there, so I'm taking a hiatus until they initiate the glove rule.  Damn, I'm going to miss that BBQ Biters Deluxe.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2007,3/10/2007,680,164,2,8,7>Bronx Pizza RULES.   Huge pieces. Super thin crust.   By the slice or buy the pie.  Real NY pizza (at least the closest you'll get in San Diego).  This place is SMALL and usually has a line out the door with the guys behind the counter yelling at the patrons too hurry up and order if they're being indecisive.  The parking sucks - so driving around the block a few times might be in order - however the pizza is so worth it.   They are NOT gourmet pizzas... Don't go asking for BBQ Chicken or a Hawaiian pizza.  They'll laugh you right out the door while yelling "Who puts fruit on pizza?"  Toppings are pretty basic but try the whitestone options - spinach, ricotta and mozzarella - no red sauce.   Every choice I've made has been so incredible and are even better with a little garlic salt.
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,1/14/2008,220,117,5,5,7>I grew up about 500 miles north of Vancouver, in British Columbia, Canada, which means that walking home from school in the winter months often involved slogging through snowdrifts in -30 degree (Celsius - I don't speak Fahrenheit yet) temperatures. Luckily for me, my mom stayed at home for most of my childhood and was a prolific baker. In fact, she even baked all the bread for our family - Wednesday was bread baking day. One of my favourite memories of childhood is tromping up to the house, scrambling over the big pile of snow the plow inevitably left at the foot of the driveway, and coming in the door to the smell of fresh baked bread. I'd seat myself in front of the fireplace with a book and she'd present me with a thick slice of fresh baked bread, still warm from the oven, smothered in butter and strawberry jam my grandma had made the summer before.Bread and Cie brings back those memories for me. What else can I say?
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2007,1/13/2008,144,74,21,9,6>It's a chain. If you know one, you know them all. If not, read on.Next time you're at UTC, avoid the everything-in-gravy food court and come here. The sandwiches are fairly tasty and fairly fresh on fairly good bread. The soups are likewise fairly tasty, and can be served in the ever-clever incredible edible breadible bowl.You can do the Panera-esque mix and match of half a salad/sandwich/soup for like $6.50 (add a buck for a bowl made of bread). The wait can be a bit oppressive, but I'll get to that in a moment. Foodwise, you have better grub than the foodcourt for about the same price - good chili, good chowder, but hard bread crusts and bad pizza - in a pretty crowded environment. Speaking of which ... Now on to the important bit. Good holy god the women here! Sitting here waiting for and then eating my food turns me into a lecherous, leg-stomping, cat-calling, crude-spewing douchebaggy manwhore. At least in hushed, frustrated, staccato conversation with male lunchmates. I mean, I really loathe the construction-worker-as-man. But what the fudge is going on here? The women here are gorgeous in a surprisingly non-artificial way, dressed 'smartly', and constantly flowing. It's ridiculous.Men - if you come here for food - make sure you sit down and stay seated. IF you get my drift. Zzzing!
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2007,1/11/2008,80,39,6,7,8>Tacos.... When I crave them, you'd better watch out. If I get feisty enough I might try to stick YOU in a corn tortilla with some salsa fresca.Thankfully (for you), Mama Testa delivers.So, here I am on Yelp, ears perking up every time someone talks about tacos. I am always down to check out a new place, but nothing seems to deliver like a trip past the border. I have to admit that whenever I'd read about Mama Testa's I'd giggle a bit. Ok, so I am immature. How is this new news?Where was I? Oh yes. Anyhow, after a movie at the Landmark theater with a friend our tummies are rumbling for a late lunch. She always wants Mexican. I always want something Asian. I decide to be nice and go for the Mexi since I remember about this rumored gem down the street. Famished, she agrees.We go. We park. We pay at that weird little automated machine. What the heck happened to good ol' parking meters? Who knows? We go in.I thought it would be an order-at-the-counter kind of place. Wrong. We were seated by a super nice man who seems to be welcoming us like it is his home. I immediately think that he must be the owner. Who else takes pride in their work these days? Sad, but true. We eagerly sit. I smile as he hands us the menus, consider dipping it in salsa, but decide I can hold on a little longer.So, we look over the menu. I grab some chips and every salsa imaginable. We grub. And grub. And grub some more. Man, those salsas make my taste buds do the tango with my tongue. I know I was really hungry, but I think they might actually be good.Ok, so back to the menu. Tacos. All tacos. Only tacos. All tacos, all the time. Ding ding ding! I am happy already. Who needs to waste time with enchiladas or chimichangas? This is the real deal. The only problem is that when I am super hungry/on the verge of crankiness/ inhaling salsa like I am a vortex, I tend to be indecisive. So I ask Mr. Happy Taco Man the inevitable question: what's good? Then something happens. It was almost like when Michael J. Fox turns into Teen Wolf. He starts salivating. His smile turns into a grin. He rubs his hands together and looks at the menu. It's not creepy; it's endearing. This man knows his food.... and obviously likes it.So, after many suggestions and questions, I decide on the De Alemain tacos. My friend gets a basket of steamed tacos: beans, mashed potatoes & some of their friends. We nosh on more chips n sassy salsa. I indulge in a 'rita. Chips. Salsa. Tequila.... Life is lookin' pretty good. Then the food comes. This is the real test.Let me tell you, Testa passes the test. My tacos are bursting with flavor and goodness. The rice and beans are flavorful, but not too heavy with that I-don't-wanna-move-ever-again quality to them. The meat is tender and juicy and the pineapple, while a little on the skimpy side, lends that tropical goodness to take this taco over the top. My partner in gluttony drools over her mashed potato tacos and I know she's happy, too.Mama Testa, I may giggle at your name, but you always have a place in my heart. Friendly service. Authentic food. Reasonable prices. Mama, will you adopt me?
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2007,1/10/2008,134,206,8,10,9>"Island Style Bistro" = Fusion.Salads, appetizers, sushi, wraps, Hawaiian and Japanese fusion entrees, specialty desserts, kona coffee, a billion teas, etc etc. But, what do I care about more than anything else on the menu?Malasadas.Malasadas = Portuguese doughnuts, rolled in sugar and/or cinnamon. Fluffy, warm, sweet pillows of heavenly deliciousness that remind me of my Grandma's version. You get 9 decent sized malasadas for $3.95, and they give you fair warning to order them early, because it takes a little more time to make. Heads up, if we eat here together, I will eat all of them. I don't care.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2007,1/9/2008,134,160,1,12,7>Pomme Frites and a Pimm's Cup. Two things I will not soon forget thanks to Modus. This "supper club" is pricey; but for what I've tried, worth it. We had very attentive service at the bar, and all our choices were delicious. Modus twice-fries their french fries (excuse me, Pomme Frite) in peanut oil, and then tosses them in course ground salt before serving them up with a side of ketchup and a mayo/dijon mixture. They are absolutely delicious. Down side is that their portion size went down since the last time I visited. (From a large bowl, to a flat oblong baking plate holding fewer fries.) Still, at $5, this item is a must have when you visit. My dinner companion, Lyn, also introduced me to my new favorite drink here: The Pimm's Cup. It's not on the menu, but just ask and the friendly boys behind the bar will mix one up for you. They made it beautifully. Pimm's is a liquor made from juniper berries, and related to gin. The drink mixes Pimm's, Gin, lemon, and cucumber into a delicious potion of yumminess. (And I dislike gin as a rule.)We ate an array of goodies and shared our food: charcuterie plate, pomme frite, bacon wrapped dates, roasted winter squash soup, and plenty of crusty french bread. We also had 3 drinks between us, and the bartender's let us sample some tasty liquors and a new drink option they've been dreaming up for the future (it pays to sit at the bar).  All this came to about $40 each after tip. It was well worth it, and I'll definitely be back!
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,1/8/2008,162,43,6,6,5>Well I lost my Aero club virginity last night.  I was on the 5N heading to PB to grab a drink with a friend while thinking, am I really going to try and find parking in PB at midnight, with drunks all over the place and cops everywhere?  Then the clouds separated and God's voice rained down upon me.  He beckoned, "Aerrrrrrrrrrroooo Club, Aeeerrrrrrrrrrrrro Club".  No he didn't really, I just saw the really bright neon signs from the freeway and decided I needed a quality beer.I found a parking spot right in front.  When I walked in, the juke box was pumping out some good music, but the sound faded as I transitioned into a trance like state upon being confronted with 20 beautiful beer taps.  They were all staring me down and taunting, "Pick me, no pick me", "I love you all, but there can be only one"  Being the arrogant bastard I am, I stuck to my roots and decided on one of Stone's finest.  Next was supposed to be the arduous process of getting the bartenders attention.  Nope, no such thing, before we even sat down, the bartender asked me what he could get us, wait, really?  Did that just happen?  $8 for two beers, definitely fair pricing.  But, something about this beer was magical, the glass, the head, the beer, it was all just perfect.  Oh and I forgot to mention, beware, this place does not smell bad like dive bars are supposed to and was also quite clean, so I don't think it meets my divish criterion.  It is a dive bar in disguise. :-)Looking forward to a return trip.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2007,1/6/2008,109,121,2,5,3>What a find!  Nice vast menu.  I mean, it does claim to have Greek, American, and Mexican Specialties.  I was with a large group that was exhausted from running nearby, so we were definitely hungry.  This place has breakfast (omelettes, egg skillets, frittatas, machaca, chorizo, waffles), sandwiches, salads, and all of the above.  Each person's dish looked great!  Miramar definitely doesn't skimp on serving size.  I ended up getting one of the daily board specials, Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs w/ hash browns and rye toast. ($7.95, I believe)  It was a feast!  It's hard to find a darn good chicken fried steak here in California, but I found a place that does it right, with delicious country gravy (of course, I still managed to douse my entire plate with Tabasco sauce).The decor was casual, bright white walls, very clean, and smallish (not crowded at all at 11-12 on a Saturday).  Service was great, kept the water filled, and food came out promptly.  When I finally eat at enough different breakfast places, this will definitely be near the top of the list.  Bottom line, Miramar Cafe is very inexpensive (virtually all entrees less than $9) and you get big time bang for your buck!
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2007,1/5/2008,106,78,2,12,10>Spread is the BEST restaurant in San Diego. I have eaten there probably ten times and have always had extremely delicious, innovative and filling food. More than a meal, eating at Spread is an experience that expands your culinary horizons. It is pricier than some other North Park restaurants, but I find it well worth it. I think someone below said that if it was in SF or NYC, it would be impossible to get a table there and the prices would be twice as high. So true! It is a great value.I am vegan, and they are uber-sensitive to my needs. I especially love that they ask every table if anyone is vegan. The second time I went there, the owner remembered that I am vegan and suggested how they could modify each menu item for me! I didn't even have to ask!Speaking of suggestions, I suggest making reservations or going early to Spread. Since they use such fresh ingredients which they buy daily, they don't overestimate how much food they will need for each night so sometimes they run out of some items. That is a GOOD thing. While it might not be the most convenient, it is a testament to their commitment to serving foods at their freshest.Their DRINKS are seriously delicious, too. The basil gimlet and everything else I've ever tried has blown me away!Can I just say, portion size does not determine how much food at a restaurant should cost, its quality does, and you'll be hard-pressed to find higher quality food than that of Spread. The finest restaurants always serve small portions because of the high-end ingredients and because it sends a message that the food is meant to be savored not inhaled. I think the portions at Spread may look small, but the richness and flavor of the food always leaves me full. They suggest 3 entrees for two people, but that is usually way too much for me and my partner. One per person is plenty of food for us (and we are big eaters, two guys). The fact is, when food is really wonderful, you don't want or need a huge amount of it to be satisfied. Also, in defense of Spread's prices, why is it that people have no problem lining up at Outback to pay $20 for a steak and baked potato, but when a restaurant charges $16 for an incredibly delicious stir-fry made from organic, farm-fresh, and unique ingredients, it is highway robbery?? I know it's not because Outback gives you enough food to take some home for lunch the next day because I used to be a waiter there, and the vast majority of people either clean their plates or don't take home any of their unfinished food. Maybe it's the Australian atmosphere??
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,1/4/2008,135,305,4,6,4>This place can execute. I've been about a half-dozen times, in groups ranging from two to 50, and the good folks of Oceanaire have never failed to blow me away. I didn't realize that the chef (Brian Malarkey) was on TV (Bravo's Top Chef) until I was already a huge fan (does that sound too "I liked it before it was cool"?) Anyway, his celeb status may account for some of the comments here that describe this place as somewhat overrun/rated.Amazing quality seafood (I've heard that the beef options are also impressive), top notch service, and a menu that's adventurous without being snobby.Folks coming to town? First date? Anniversary? You can't go wrong here. Favorite for seafood, without question.
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2007,1/3/2008,135,357,6,19,18>It says it right there on the menu: "Remember, it's all about the fellowship." At Stockdale's, it really is. This is a true gem in the pavement, a diamond in the rough. On an almost-ill-fated journey to the 'Far East' (ie, just shy of La Mesa.), fellow-yelpers Matt R, Ron K and I stumbled into an unassuming strip mall on the south side of University Ave. Deep in the corner lay Stockdale's Fine Southern Cuisine, illuminated by a bright blue sign and the sense of wonder on our faces. As we pulled in to our parking space, almost on cue, a dark hand reached out of the ether and turned off the bright "Open" sign that hung outside. We were crushed, but decided to walk up to the door in any case, to catch a glimpse of what lay behind, to see what we could of what we came to devour. Standing at the doorway, Karyes and Carol Stockdale (the owners) greeted us and insisted that we come in. Greeting followed greeting, obligatory denial followed invitation, and before we knew it, we were seated at an empty table just besides that of the owners, their family, and their friends -- all of whom were happy to see the end of a busy day but only happier to welcome three hungry travelers as kings. "Remember, at Stockdale's, it's all about the fellowship."We had arrived at the restaurant just minutes after it closed. But at Stockdale's, this was a blessing. Just as it is to see a business when it's not recruiting or a beauty without her make-up, so too did we discover that the family fellowship at Stockdale's was a reflection of its true self, and not a slogan on the doorway. Stockdale's promises to treat you as family; but even when they didn't have to -- in fact, *especially* when they didn't have to -- they did. Our food, un-ordered but prepared with the care of a last supper, came out. Green beans, corn bread, fried snapper and catfish, mashed potatoes with gravy (Oh, that gravy!), and a pile of the sweetest, sweet corn on God's good earth. Everything was tasty, a lot of it was exceptional, and not a kernel of doubt remained in any of our minds that this was a place worth keeping. Stockdale's Fine Southern Cuisine is a beautiful addition to our culinary circuit and to our community. They've got Jazz every Friday (6-9), all-you-can-eat every Sunday (12-5), the best fried catfish in town and a heart the size of Dixie. If you're lucky, and if you come there in that perfect window of time between closing and the owners' daughter's bedtime, you'll be treated to a ten-year-old's serenade of "Go Tell it on the Mountain" and a tale of her day at school. But this just goes to show that Stockdale's is what it promises to be: A friendly place where family comes first, food is a close second and fellowship is the special of the day.
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,11/3/2007,118,126,1,13,10>Open for 13 years, this place is hands down the BEST mexican seafood (mariscos) joint i've ever gone to. Not related at all to Rockin' Baja Lobster, this is a one of a kind dive. When asked if' they'd open more of these elsewhere (ie LA), they said they thought about it, but would probably not because it is the chefs (who have been w/ them since the very beginning) that really  make the restaurant what it is--and u can only have the chefs in one location-- chula vista is where it's going to be. Location-wise, close to the border, not exactly the best neighborhood, but so worth the drive. When u first walk in, it smelled a little like bleach, but u quickly forget that as soon as u walk into the dining area. To one side is a bar and live music, the other side is the dining area.  During Lobster season they get their lobsters in  every other day. The fresh lobsters are cooked in what they call a "butter bath"  aka "lard bath" over a burning flame. Cooked to perfection where the spiny shell is crisp on the outside, and the meat is tender SWEET and juicy in the inside, permeating w/ a nice buttery flavor and mexican seasonings, nowhere close to rubbery. To start, they serve crisp warm tortilla chips with 2 salsas (both for those who are able to tolerate high heat). For those who can not, u can request for a pico de gallo salsa and they will gladly bring that to u.  We ordered the Lobster Combo Plate which comes with a variety of different seafoods--Camarones Empanizado, Camarones al mojo de ajo, ceviche de camaron, cheese quesadilla and stuffed mushrooms. This dish was served with a side of refried beans, arroz (rice--not spanish rice, but something even better! ), and extra large freshly made warm tortillas.  The Camarones Empanizados are battered shrimps fried to a crisp (not thick floury batter, but light crisp and nicely flavored).  the Camarones al mojo de ajo is basically garlic shrimp. This was one of my favorites. The shrimps are jumbo in size, butterflied, grilled and simmered in a garlic butter base--perfect in texture, Sweet in flavor. Another favorite of mine was the Ceviche de Camarones (shrimp ceviche). Refreshing and tasty with a touch of lime and tomato juice, chopped onions, tomatoes, green onion. Perfect when served and wrapped in the freshly made tortillas. Also one of the best tortillas i've ever had. Huge, thin, warm and buttery:DThe stuffed mushrooms were just OK in my opinion. It was stuffed with lobster, crab, shrimp and melted with cheese and butter--a Little too heavy for me. In any case, i highly recommend going here if ever in the SD county. It's only about 10 min drive from Downtown SD. The service is excellent and the staff is super friendly, as they always stopped by to see how we were doing and to ask us if we needed anything. 5 star experience and a place i'm craving to go back to again!!
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2007,11/2/2007,666,662,20,17,17>I believe that God in his infinite goodness chooses many different ways to speak to us in this world.  Friends, long lost memories, random encounters--all are ways in which the divine awesomeness that is God makes himself known on occasion.Not to cheapen the truth of such encounters, but I have to add one very important way of encountering the divine for us mortals--a waffle ice cream sandwich at Lighthouse.The waffle ice cream sandwich may embody all that we in a profit-drive, over-stuffed society should abhor, but pffft to that.  People, we are talking about a delicious scoop of wonderful ice cream put between two richly delicious waffles and then placed in a steamy waffle iron juuuuuust long enough to make the ice cream smooshy and pliable, but not runny.Walking back from South Beach with some friends, we all stopped at the scintillating aroma of waffle and icy-cream emanating from said sweet shop.  We were drawn, pulled inexorably like moths to flame, or diabetics to a sugar-induced coma.  We stared in awe at the variety of ice creams, before I obtained a mint chip in waffly goodness.In my plump little fist I clutched a cosmic experience.  With the first bite, I heard mystic strains of music, sitars tinkling in the background, and felt a strange flavour revolution rise up, as words softly materialized around me...."Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come.Corporation tee-shirt, stupid bloody tuesday.Man, you been a naughty boy, you let your face grow long.I am the eggman, they are the eggmen.I am the walrus, goo goo g'joob.""Um, T.J.??""Yeah?" I said dreamily, filled with lactose induced wonder."Did you just say, 'Goo goo g'joob?' ""Um...maybe.""Get off the floor, stop having divine hallucinations with your waffle sandwich.  You're scaring the rest of the customers."Maybe you'll be as taken with it as I was.  I definitely have to go back.Goo Goo G'joob.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2007,11/1/2007,25,33,8,9,7>I despise hipsters but tend to like hipstery things. Many of my friends have pointed out that hating hipsters is the hallmark of a true hipster. But I'm not, I swear.I still love the Whistle Stop. I read my highschool diary at Debaser in front of the most supportive, empathetic crowd ever. Don't be scared to read yours! Just ignore the people who are reading their diaries to show off how Holden Caulfield cool they were/are and applaud extra hard for those who nakedly reveal the depth of their awkwardness.On game night, my roommate murdered me in Boggle, and the idea of playing a knock-down, drag-out game of Boggle at a bar is so great, I couldn't even be mad. Um, for long.I've had several nights of sweaty delirium at Booty Bassment, a great experience for anyone who likes to dance. Seriously, go.They also always update their website with their events -- really nice and very unusual for clubs and bars. The Whistle Stoppers really live up to their advice posted above the bar -- "Be a Good Person" :3
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2007,10/31/2007,109,121,6,7,10>After living in Downtown for over six months, I finally took the chance to go here for breakfast.  And boy, I'm glad I did!I was always intimidated by the line on weekends and 30-45 minute waits.  I mean, what's so great about this joint, I thought?Came in early this morning, seated myself in a booth and was promptly given a menu by the waitress.  It helped that I had done my research of The Mission's website for about a year, so I knew exactly what to get:  Chicken Apple Sausage and Scrambled Eggs (w/rosemary potatoes and toast).So, I ordered some coffee to drink while I read my paper, waiting for my food.  The first cup was just okay, the next few were more to my liking.  Then about 10 minutes later, out came my food. I was surprised by how large the servings were.  I resisted my usual urge to douse the entire plate with Tabasco sauce and salt & pepper (VERY RARE MOMENT).  My first taste of the rosemary (red) potatoes was good, except for the fact that they were just lukewarm.  The next bite was of the sausage - Orgasmically delicious!  I could eat that all day!  The toast was yummy with just the right amount of butter.  From there, I enjoyed my meal at an "I'm so glad I'm not working today" pace while reading (read: gloating) about the Chargers beatdown of the Donkeys. The service was adequate as my coffee and water were filled without hesitation.I left thoroughly satisfied, highly wound (after 3 cups of coffee), and ready to go on with my day.  Next time (hopefully soon), I will try some of the healthier options on the menu (or maybe the roast beef hash).  I like this place a lot!UPDATE:  Well, next time finally came today (12/15/07) after a long run at Coronado.  The wait was short (10-15 min after putting my name in).  I did get the roast beef hash, and also tried the bloody mary and a bit of french toast (very cinnamon-ny).  My running buddies thoroughly enjoyed their meals (Zen Breakfast, French Toast)as well.  This place is to die for, I swear.  2 for 2.  Therefore, I have also upgraded my rating to 5 stars!
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/21/2007,10/30/2007,169,499,3,8,5>One Stop is great for some things, and not so great for others. If you're looking for a quick eyebrow wax/clean-up, for $8 they'll do a decent job.  Lucky for me, One Stop was less than a 1/2 mile away from my house nestled in the same strip mall as Von's and The Blarney Stone, so the convenience factor was a major plus.Equipment is clean and service is friendly and fast. For around $25 you can get a nice mani/pedi; for $35 you can upgrade to "spa" style, which means you get to sit in a big leather chair for extra comfort. Even if it's packed, they'll find a place to squeeze you in for an appointment. However, if you're looking to indulge in other beauty services, namely hair cuts, styling, or color treatments, there's really no need to stop in here. That is, unless you're dying to come away with the same hair style as the little kid from the '80s TV show "Eight is Enough."
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2007,10/29/2007,106,78,1,10,9>I love Stephanie's! I went there twice this weekend and bought a birthday cake there the week before.To Tiffany S, they have fixed the cold strudel filling problem. I used to get so annoyed with that, too, but the guy who works there now really toasts them good so that they are warm, flaky, and delicious all the way through! However, I suggest to EVERYONE that they request their strudels be toasted VERY well because a strudel that is even slightly undertoasted is ruined.They have vegan pizza that is really delicious. Somehow it has the brown spots on the cheese like dairy cheese gets...I don't know how they do it. It's a bit expensive, but the crust is to die for, and they have lots of great toppings, including fake ham and pepperoni. Call in ahead of time! The menu is online. My boyfriend likes their pizza better than the Whole Foods vegan pizza, but I like Whole Foods because it's a thinner crust and you get more for your money (although less topping choice).Open Mondays now! The cakes are really good. I love the passion vanilla (they sell slices at Ranchos Market in North Park), and the carrot cake is also great. They use "cream cheese" frosting unlike Sipz or many other vegan restaurants which just use regular frosting!I wish things weren't so expensive there, but the food is definitely worth the price.Also, it's a good place to people watch. There are characters coming in constantly on the weekends.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/21/2007,10/28/2007,187,162,13,4,7>Based on the pizza, I actually see no reason to review this place. It was so completely mediocre that it warrants no comment, other than to say it is better than pizza available in an elementary school cafeteria. However, I found my experience to be amusing, so I thought I'd share.A friend and I wanted some quick food, and pizza by the slice is just that. We go into this place, and my friend orders first. He starts to order a combo with two different varieties of pizza and a drink, but decides to get all pepperoni, which is cheaper, less than five dollars in fact. As the man behind the counter is putting the slices into the oven, he winks at me with a smile and a nod. When the he rings up my friend he charges him for the more expensive combo. My friend corrects him and receives a dirty look.I lurk near the counter until the man turns to me. I plan to order the combo my friend was originally going to order, because I wanted to use my credit card, which notably requires a minimum purchase of five dollars. So I begin, "Can I get . . ." and when I'm done the man says, "You can get anything you want." Then a younger guy comes out of the back and the man tells him something, so the younger guy rings up my order. The total comes to $4.84. I find this distressing. I say, "But I got two different slices," and turn to the older man, adding, "it's supposed to be more." He says, "It's cheaper for you." I have no idea if he meant, "Why are you complaining when you're paying less, stupid?" or "It's cheaper for YOU." I explained the credit card situation and he waved his hand to dismiss it.I spent the next few minutes silently gazing at the pizza behind the glass, because for some reason I found the situation immensely funny and if I'd looked at my friend I would have erupted into giggles. When the man handed me my order, he called me "mademoiselle" and wished me a good night. I nodded, mumbled "You too," and rushed outside where I was free to laugh and explain to my friend, who hadn't noticed a bit of it and was busy feeling indignant about nearly being mis-charged.I just find the whole thing mildly entertaining.
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,10/26/2007,101,101,10,15,13>Let's admit it - a bar is usually only as good as the company you keep, and because of the awesome Thirsty Thursday outing we had here with fellow Yelpers, you might think this review will be slightly biased. Well it is, so there!But biases aside, this easy-to-miss dive bar on India is worth a second look. For one, they have an outstanding selection of beers (which, among others includes Boddington, Fat Tire, Hoegaarden - admit it, that's a good lineup), and if you're into some harder fare, their entire wall is lined up with every  liquor bottle imaginable. There's something for everyone here!The place is set up like a wide hallway, with dark decor and neon beer signs all over the place, including the ceilings for cool effect. There are some pool tables in the back and a juke box that would rock the house if it worked (they said they're fixin' it).The highlight of the bar, of course, would be its people, and the bartender, Barbara, is probably one of the coolest bartenders you'll ever meet in this town or any other. She was attentive, courteous, and friendly  to everyone who needed a drink - me included - and upon asking if we could get something for our Yelpers to munch on, she gladly offered to pop up a couple bags of popcorn for everyone - on the house.Word on the street is that this place can possibly become even cooler, as one of our fellow Yelpers just might work there as a bartender. So maybe, this could just become that little bar where everybody knows your name - as long as you're a Yelper of course!
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2007,10/25/2007,135,357,3,29,12>It's Monday, September 24, 2007. This place opened today. And I have the honor and pleasure to review it, just hours after leaving, on its first full day of operation. I was almost certainly the first white person to enter the place, and, at the time of writing, I am probably still the only one who has done so. This makes me happy.Little Sheep Mongolian Hot Pot & Grill is a promising success on all levels. Good food, great service, reasonable prices and a new experience, culinarily and culturally alike. Thankfully, the place mats and a helpful display clue you in as to what to do and how to do it when it comes to Mongolian hot pots. To begin, you'll order a soup base (Original, Spicy, Half-and-Half, or Vegetarian) at $3.75 per person. It'll come in a cauldron that temptingly bubbles on a hot plate in the middle of the table. Then, on a paper menu, you'll put check marks next to the items of your order -- thinly-sliced meats, seafood, vegetables, tofu, mushrooms, etc. The food comes out on separate platters, raw, and it's your job to dip it in the simmering broth, cook and enjoy. (Slotted spoons, tongs and ladles help you with the dipping.)Listen, the experience alone was enough to make this place a winner. But the food was good, soothing, warm and healthy. Apparently, Mongolian hot pot is comfort food throughout China, and especially in the North, where cold winters make a cauldron of bubbly broth a special delight. And Little Sheep is a trusted and popular place for it, with over 700 locations in China  -- not to mention a smattering in Taiwan, Japan, Canada and the United States. Our order? Well, we started with the half-and-half base. And then the Maitre d', Mike, helpfully guided us to the house favorites: Supreme Lamb Shoulder Slice, Supreme Beef Slice, Fish Fillet (cod, methinks), Frozen Tofu (it's not actually frozen), Enoki (long, skinny, golden mushrooms), and Tong Ho (a lovely, leafy green). My partner-in-crime ordered a side of white rice, though I'm not sure how much that deviated from common practice. Dessert consisted of honeydew slices, a cooling palate-cleanser for a clean finish and the only thing we ate that didn't have to cook in the broth first. All told, there was too much to eat, though I don't know what I would have been willing to forgo, given that it was all so good. One additional trick worth note: The huge cloves of garlic floating in the broth slowly cook over the course of the meal. This adds flavor to the broth, of course, as do the slices of meat you put in. (So in other words, the flavor of the broth 'develops' over the course of the meal -- one reason why it's traditional to start with the meats.) But one thing they didn't tell us is that, after a meal's worth of simmering, the garlic, too, becomes edible. Try a piece, plain, or wrapped in a leaf of Tong Ho. The taste and the experience is rewarding, unique and unforgettable.
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2007,10/24/2007,121,226,3,11,7>Situated in a quiet residential 'hood, easy to find just off Hwy 15, my galpal and I had the perfect afternoon of relaxation at Ice Spa.I loved my masseuse, who was very communicative with me on how she should spend the 50min of my deep tissue massage, and was very attentive to little things throughout my session, down to giving me a whiff of spearmint oil when she noticed my stuffy nose schlooshing noises. I wish more spas would keep towel warmers in their treatment rooms, and lay them under your necks, during the face-up portion of a massage. Their living room, the "relaxation lounge" is also a fantastic touch - so relaxing that I came down to find my galpal wrapped in a blankee and napping on their uber cushy sofa.The treatments are not the cheapest you could find, but I'll say entirely worth the extra bit.
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/2/2009,5/17/2009,166,31,24,28,29>******UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT JAN 2OO9, IM NOT SURE IF THE ARE SERVING THE SAME MENU AS I OUTLINED ON MY INTIAL REVIEW******I love Masa-based antojitos (appetizers).....  Tacos SopesHuraches GorditasMulitasSan Diego has its share of delicious and diverse masa-based antojitos from Mexico, however Tlacoyos are definitely a rare find. Tlacoyas are basically masa-based turnovers. Thick corn dough deep-fried, drizzled with crema, sprinkled cotija cheese, and stuffed with you're your choice of beans, rajas (strips of chilies), or chicharron (pork rind). They can top it with lettuce if you wish, I take mine without. Simple yet divine img.photobucket.com/albu… La Barbacoa turns out a great Tlacoya but they specialize in lamb. The menu here is very similar to El Borrego both specializing in Hildagan regional specialties barbacoa (braised lamb) and Mixiote (lamb shank steamed in the maguey leaves). Tiny corm smut and squash blossom quesadillas are also available. I will be checking out their pozole on my next trip. The ambiance here may not suit everyone; basically the restaurant is an open air garage on the back side of Mexican Candy store with a few benches and tables set up. img.photobucket.com/albu…The lamb here is on spot, but just their consommé and tlacoyoas alone are worth the trip here for me. If you want to try something beyond hybrid border-mex food come try some of what Central Mexico has to offer. Just off University and Fairmount in City HeightsCredit Cards AcceptedOpen Saturday and Sunday OnlyGood for lunch
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,5/16/2009,859,450,31,22,24>I wanted to be all cute and retro by wearing the roller skates instead of the inline ones and well, I fell....twice. Totally ate it in front of, oh 20 of my friends. It was lovely.The first time I fell was seconds after I first stood up, I knew it was a bad sign yet I still proceeded to the rink with my bff.  We held hands and teetered along. I was doing good, I was even imagining "Dancing Queen" in my head, that is until my hand slipped out of my friends when I lost my balance and ended up on my butt in the middle of the rink.I felt like roadkill. Skating rink roadkill.I literally sat there for a minute or two and people just skated on past me, barely glancing at me as they taunted their mad skating skillz, easily maneuvering around me. I looked pleadingly at my best friend but she looked over her shoulder not being able to come back to help me.Finally, a guy that worked there skated to me (probably because I was disrupting the flow) and with one hand helped me get right back up.You know the next thing I did?I marched slowly, oh so very slowly....to trade those suckers for some inlines. What can I say, I am a 90s kid ;D-------I had a lot of fun here. The place is not huge but it's an inexpensive way to have fun with friends or even for a date. All the cute couples skating around being all cute together and holding hands made me want to barf...not really. okay, maybe just a little.p.s. the next day I woke up with 5 bruises on my knees, palms (seriously, how the eff) and thigh. I had to make sure to cover up lest someone thought I was a victim of abuse.
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,5/15/2009,306,190,25,25,21>Thaaaaaaaaank you, Mr. dark-haired-&-handsome, waiter of mine.Despite the crowd of cackling hags in the corner, you made this visit worthwhile....Sure, you might not have caught me making eyes at you - but man, oh man....I made eyes at everything last night. ...maybe it was that ginger revolution.......maybe it was the food...All I know, is that I was left wanting to lick the plates in the most inappropriate ways possible... savoring the sweet, sweet skills of your kitchen staff, constantly bringing me to the verge of ecstacy... and I leave satisfied in a goooooooood, good way EVERY time I visit.Kensington Grill: I.love.you.I.love.you.I.love.you.If Tony is ever in the doghouse, this place saves his butt, seriously.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2008,5/14/2009,109,41,28,19,17>Amid a sea of 200 well-coiffed, impeccably-groomed, designer-clad Del Mar snobs, I bravely set foot, solo, into the scene that was the Grand Re-Opening of L'Auberge Del Mar on Friday afternoon. My only armor was in the form of my Ray-Bans to shield my eyes from a glorious early June sun, and my trusty Blackberry, which I used to feign important phone calls and texts after scanning the crowd only to find I didn't know a single soul there. To my horror.Heart racing with social anxiety, I kept my head down and eyes on my Blackberry, praying for some fabulous soul to come over, thank me for coming, and start yacking about bullshit. No one came. Except a lovely server bearing a chilled glass of crisp pinot grigio. I accepted it gratefully, downed several less-than-ladylike swallows, and found a little liquid courage to roam the property on my own.Now WHY was I at this posh gathering???Oh alright. I write for a living. That's all I'll ever say about that.But back to L'Auberge. It's recent $25 million overhaul has transformed an already lovely property into a modern yet timeless stunner.It's the Viceroy meets the Hamptons. An intimate coastal estate with 120 gutted and redesigned guest rooms, airy new lobby, and revamped terrace with a sick new deck, magnificent marble-accented water feature, glistening pool and chic poolside bar, impeccable lawns, and nothing but clear blue sea just beyond.The revitalized property is f*cking fabulous.Plus, the service at L'Auberge is over the top. No sooner did i down a mini "lobster corn dog" on a stick did a server appear to throw away my napkin, then offer me a flawlessly seared pork belly square on brioche toast, then top off my wine. I'm sure if I had burped or farted, a server woulda appeared instantly to offer me an Altoid or light a Glade candle behind my ass.Plus, all the wait staff dress like a Tommy Bahama store threw up on them, then sent them off on safari. Super fun to watch them scurrying around, ready to lion hunt or something.I lasted about an hour and 17 and a half minutes at L'Auberge. And I'm actually glad I didn't really have to talk to anyone. It allowed me to create my own experience here. And down wine in the middle of the day without judgment.Who doesn't love that?
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,5/13/2009,152,31,25,33,27>Years ago, my best friend and I would frequent the long-departed Malibu Grand Prix on Miramar Rd.  I still have a dull throb of pain in my left knee due numerous collisions with an exposed rivet in one of their cars.  Once they closed up shop due to what was termed "environmental reasons" (Bah!  The sounds of the cars was often overshadowed by F-14's hitting military power on their throttles as they screamed over Miramar NAS back then!) us amateur racing aficionados were left pretty much without options.I finally got to go to Miramar Speed Circuit (MSC) when I took my best friend there as a birthday present.  This is a guy who's wife got him driving time on a NASCAR track as a present not to long ago and I sensed that he got the racing bug again because of it.Anyway, for the uninitiated, MSC is an indoor asphalt cart racetrack.  These are not the Disneyland Autopia cars of your youth nor are they the same beater go-carts that the neighborhood toughs would go screaming down your street on.  They can potentially hit 40 MPH and handle better than pretty much anything else you are likely to ever drive.  They are gas-powered and open-wheeled.  You are skimming a couple inches off the ground and can detect minor road imperfections via braille through your butt.Some people have warned about the cost of cart racing @MSC.  I agree, this is a concern.  However, MSC does offer an annual package for $60 and if you print out/use the handy coupon from their web page, they'll knock $10 off the price.  I highly recommend going with the annual package even if you only intend this to be your only time attending.  Why?  Because the races (anywhere from 10-14 laps on average) currently cost $25 regularly w/out any discounts.  For the cost of 2 regular cost races, you get 2 races, t-shirt, helmet rental, head-sock and any subsequent races cost you $18 for the rest of the year.  You'd probably pay about $50 anyway so this is a better deal whether you decide to ever do it again or not.Some of you may be concerned about the 10 minutes of race time.  I'll admit that this concerned me at 1st as well.  However, after 20 minutes of racing, I think that this is more than fair.  Bear in mind that good racers can lap the track in about 34 seconds.  The track record is just over 32 seconds.  I'm not particularly skilled and I averaged just over 38 seconds per lap.  Depending on how skilled the competition is you can easily average about 12-14 laps in 10 exhausting minutes.I know that some of you are still shaking your head and saying "But 10 minutes is just too short!"...  In the outside world, it's 10 minutes.  On the track, it's an eternity.  I admit that near the end of my 2nd race I was actually hoping for the finish flag.  Asking a man to do, *ahem*,  ANYTHING for 10 minutes straight is still a long time.  Race prep, orientation, putting on gear, getting into the carts, etc. is another 10 minutes in itself.Things you must be aware of:I do not suggest that you have anybody under 18 years old race on these carts.  They are serious race machines.  I got T-boned in a curve and that actually hurt pretty good for awhile.  Driving the carts requires a good deal of muscle as they don't have power steering.  Also, it is as a courtesy to the other drivers.  I saw 2 kids probably 12 or younger causing slow laps and serious traffic jams because they just couldn't handle the vehicles.  This upset some of the other drivers who would then react by blitzing past them with some maneuver which likely only terrified the kids even more.  Sorry, but little kids will probably spoil the racing for the rest of us.If you have your own full-faced motorcycle helmet, you can use that in lieu of a rental helmet.  Definitely supply your own helmet, if you can.  Would you borrow someone's still-sweaty and warm gym clothes to work out in?  Hell, no!!!  How about a sweaty helmet that some kid might have thrown up a little bit in?  Another word about helmets.  Not everybody enjoys wearing a helmet.  They are restrictive and hot and not particularly made for comfort.  I have a modular-style motorcycle helmet, which means that the chin bar and face shield can be unlatched and shifted up to expose my face then locked back down for racing.  If you are at all claustrophobic, helmets may not be a good idea, so racing may not be in your future.  I actually got my head stuck in a slightly too small standard helmet long ago and as a result am reasonably paranoid of standard helmets.  Modulars are far easier to use.Cart racing is physically exhausting.  You will likely become dizzy from repetitive motion, fast passing scenery, exhaust fumes and engine noise.  Dehydration is a real danger.  Next time, I would make sure my races have a break in between them.  Like I said, I was pretty wiped out by the end of my 2nd race which began almost immediately after my 1st.
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2009,5/11/2009,792,572,23,25,25>I heart you Neighborhood.  I loved the food, the ambiance and the drinks so much that I had dinner here two nights in a row last week!First night I tried the Neighborhood burger that was prepared with caramelized onion, blue Gruyere cheese and pepper greens.  Of course I ordered a side of the Idaho potato fries with garlic herb mayo.  My friend had the jalapeño mac and cheese and everything was awesome.  I like my burgers cooked medium and it was juicy and not messy to grub on...yummy!I went back the following night and tried the steak tacos (spiced steak, garlic aioli, pico de gallo with a lime skewer).  OMG, it was sooo good!  We also shared the sweet potato fries and I couldn't get enough of the goldmine shaft cheese crumbles.My friends had glasses of the pinot grigio, but I wanted pinot noir.  $6 a glass wasn't bad at all, but I was more impressed with the bottle being only $22.  I would have ordered a bottle if anyone else in our group wanted to share it with me, but at least I'll keep that in mind for my next visit there.Needless to say, I'm a fan of Neighborhood.  Their food menu is simple, but all the items I've tried definitely packs a punch.  The beer selection is plentiful and would make beer aficionados feel like a kid in a candy store.  If you haven't tried Neighborhood yet, I suggest you go there soon so you too can enjoy the goodness!
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,5/10/2009,144,90,19,13,14>I'm a Jew. I saw complimentary pickles. I cried tears of joy. I was home.Actually, consider this a retrospective review. I was born at the Hillcrest UCSD Medical Facility and my father, who hadn't slept for days, walked into City Deli. The flamboyant waiter noticed he looked dreary and asked why. My father explained that his son had just been born and he needed some black coffee. The waiter let out a shriek of joy and promptly bought my dad his entire meal. My dad still says that cup of Joe (no pun intended) was the best he's ever had.Aside from that, this is as good a deli you can find south of Fairfax. I'm totally in love with it.
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,5/9/2009,741,244,18,26,25>If the Celia's Chopped Salad was a man I would date it. My boss took me out here for lunch today. Just a short walk from the office. We walked in and it's cute and cozy inside more of a diner deco. Not a lot of people in the restaurant for being lunchtime on a weekday. My Boss said it's usually packed. Our cute waiter with the dimples was nice and attentive and gave great suggestions. There were 4 of us and all of us ordered a different salad. We were all very happy with our selections. My co-worker said they are known for their comfort food but I think their salads are very tasty and I would totally go back. I had the spinach salad with chopped turkey, jicama, mangos, apples, Gorgonzola cheese, cranberries and the basil vinaigrette. It was perfect. It totally reminded of my favorite salad from Andiamo's in Sacramento.
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,5/8/2009,13792,257,13,71,59>This is a wonderful place to visit in San Diego for residents, tourist, everyone.  The outdoor display area has about 40 restored aircraft from WWII up to today.  The younger kids will just love running around checking out these restored aircraft.   Maybe the best part is that  admission is free which is a real help with limited budgets but the need to get out of house and go somewhere.  Taking the kids for a short visit, even a hour, makes sense with free admission.   Access is easy and open to the public.  Look for a sign on Miramar Road just off 15.   The museum parking lot is provided for the general public, no need to drive onto MCAS Miramar. I stopped by to take pictures of these beautifully restored planes. We parked, went through the entry doors and were greeted by a volunteer who gave us a little map and got us started with some directions.  During our visit several volunteers were walking around with red jackets ready to help or answer questions. The displays were immaculate with a comfortable sidewalk path that has plaques telling about for each airplane.  The little paper map for very helpful.  My posting of this museum on my San Diego (CA) Photo blog (sandiegousa.blogspot.com) got comments from several locals who did not know about the museum and thought it would make a great place to visit.   During our visit we saw several families spending some quality time together, the kidding running, getting up close to the planes, hands-on, all with big smiles.  I uploaded some pictures to Yelp to help get a feel before you go.  You may want to click on their website for details, pictures and plans for the future.   Take the 15 to Miramar Road. The museum is open Tuesday through Sunday, 9:00 AM to 3:30 PM, closed on Monday.  Go, take the kids, you will all love the visit.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,5/7/2009,489,211,34,21,17>Sitting on the back patio wall we glanced down toward the river mouth and there we see it. Loch Ness monster? No. Jaws?? No! Something far worse and way too close for comfort... the top of a mans head just below us. Not a dead man but a Biker laying a stinker right below us. WTF!!! They have toilets here. Seriously! Pants around his ankles and wiping his ass as he raises, closes up shop and walks away.  Kraken just lost a star. Other than that I had a good time but if this is the type of people or animals they attract, I'm downgrading it.This after thought added 7/30/08.After pondering what we had witnessed on that perilous day, I must re-think the star I took away. (OK brain... is this gonna be a poem?) (Todd this is your brain speaking. Talk to the hand)  Whatever!!! I don't know who's in charge here but at the Kraken, after all I no longer feel it is a reflection on management or the owner if some $hit for brains decides to leave half a mind coiled up behind the patio wall. (Quit that rhyming) (brain again - $hit it's just timing). (Did I take my meds this morning???)Therefore I give back the star I took away. If this incident doesn't qualify the Kraken as a dive bar I don't know what would anyway(Crap! You win brain).    Kraken is back up to 4 stars.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,9/21/2013,600,257,7,13,10>Man...I thought for sure I had reviewed all of the mainstays of OB/Newport....but this obviously slipped by.Atmosphere:  DARK!  VERY DARK and retro vibe....has large clam shells over the bar and a handful of booths.  If you are trying to lay low this is the place.Drinks:  HOLY SHIT!  $3.50 to $2 for almost everything in the bar.  Absolutes were $3.50...people rave about Star Bar...and this place's prices KILL Star's......not to mention the pours are consistently 10 COUNTS.....So...needless to say this is the go to in OB to get your drink on if you're crawling around during the day!  Only thing keeping this place from a 5 is the lack of food options..that's about it.
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,9/20/2013,212,708,7,14,8>This is not yo mama's dessert place. If you're looking for a slice of traditional 10,000 calorie decadent, gooey, 20-layer, heart blocking chocolate cake, head to one of the several other sweeteries in town. If you're looking for light, fresh, unique creations - both sweet AND savory - that are made from locally grown in-season ingredients (and will have you shaking your head at times), take some seats (preferably the best ones in the house at the end of the counter where you can watch Mr. Pastry himself in all his glory). Mr. Pastry's real name is Ian...and, Ian is cool. Ian will make you smile...and, probably swoon. Sundays thru Thursdays (closed Mondays), you can order a single dessert. Just like many other firsts in my life, I don't think I'll ever forget my first Swoon dessert served up on their very first day in business...a goat cheese tart with kumquat marmalade, shaved and sweetened fennel, and fennel salt. OH MY. Got to nibble on a turmeric biscuit wrapped in prosciutto...WOW. On Friday and Saturday, they only serve flights...four different mini works of culinary art. Oh, and don't miss a taste of their Bird Rock coffee any day of the week...ask them to tell you the story of this unique brew and then shake your head once again when you take a sip. And tea! They have REAL tea from Tea Gallery. (For all you tea aficionados, they even have pu-ehr!)(Wondering why I put a dessert place that doesn't serve alcohol on my Happy Hour list? Because the high you'll get from the desserts here is far better than alcohol...and, it's a perfect place to hang with friends after work.)
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,9/19/2013,765,361,5,9,6>I workout rigorously 6-7 days a week & had long since struggled with low energy & constantly feeling lethargic. I typically yawned throughout all of my workouts up until I discovered Performance Medical and after having come here, I've never felt or performed better!! The various B vitamin shots are excellent for a huge burst of energy & definitely helped me to burn fat & have promoted weight loss better than anything I've tried! I've experienced other clinics & have found that pretty much all of them offering fat burning and weight loss type of shots & programs not only dilute them substantially, but grossly overcharge & hard press you for more in attempt to up sell. Most other clinics' staff also don't even know what they're giving toyou & can't properly answer questions you may have, but Performance Medical is the complete opposite! Their staff is hands down some of the most friendly, knowledgeable & professional I've ever experienced in a medical office setting. They also offer a wide array of other services depending on your health wants or needs. I've also had their iv treatments which are also amazing & are chock-full of the best stuff you can get at the best prices I've found. If you are cutting weight for a fight or competition, or even if you just need that boost of overall well being, their ivs are definitely the way to go! My overall feeling of health and well being is better than its ever been & I would most definitely recommend them to anyone; athlete or not, who wants to feel incredible... And who wouldn't?!?They also have an office up in Orange County if you're up in that area!They're currently running a special for the B12 Lipotropic injections of 6 for $69..it doesn't get any better than that!!
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,9/18/2013,975,197,13,21,22>Growing up with my Lola's BOMB Filipino food, I have yet to find a place that even comes close. I am convinced I never will. Although I haven't tried the food here, all of it looked so good, that next time I come, I will have more than just the deserts.I came here last weekend solely for the babingka. Babingka is a Filipino dessert made with rice flour and coconut. Usually cooked in a banana leaf and very moist, it's heaven in your mouth. Manila Sunset makes them fresh a few times a day, so they are always warm when served to you and topped with fresh grated coconut. Babingka is an art, and if you've mastered it, well then you deserve a huge kudos. Manila Sunset- you have mastered babingka.
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,9/17/2013,184,181,2,5,5>That was love at first sip! Many years ago I used to work at a french restaurant that served Cafe Moto. I got very familiar with their cool yellow/black logo and amazing creamy, almost sweet but strong tasting coffee. I would always start my shift from brewing a fresh cup of Moto for myself! I finally made it to their store last week. The cafe part is excellent place no matter if you want to just grab your coffee on the go or if you wish to stay and do some work at your laptop as they have a small seating area with wireless Internet. I felt very comfortable there and the wireless was speedy, but shhhh! I don't want too many hipsters finding out about this spot! More pros:- the baristas are super friendly, knowledgeable, huge personality types that you will remember for a longer time,  - the pastry selection was typical and rather small when I got there early afternoon, but I am pretty sure I overheard that their supplier is Bread and Cie (win win!),- they also have their own parking lot which is another awesome bonus on their side, as parking in Barrio Logan can be a little challenging,- good pricing in their retail store:  I wish I made it to their store rather than Virtuoso (another great coffee place on the same street) before my Christmas shopping as their prices are close to being a half less for both teas and coffees,- smart and funny marketing slogan: "We drink all we can. The rest we sell" Cons? - hmm none for me..
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,9/16/2013,422,254,7,14,11>This is my go-to lunch spot when I need a quick break from work. And here are the reasons why:1. Service and food comes out quick for those pressed for time2. One slice is really about 3 slices in one and I'm always left with leftovers for later3. Amazing price!One slice of pepperoni pizza is only $3 and comes with its very own individual carry out box because it's simply too large to fit on a paper plate that you often get at other pizza joints. I feel like I'm carrying out a small pizza pie with that carry out box. Not only is the size outstanding, the pizza is really spectacular as well. The crust is nice and thin, the mozzarella is stringy, and there is just the right amount of sauce. I usually finish half my slice and save the rest for later because it is to much to finish in one sitting. All for $3!!
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,9/15/2013,276,298,2,6,3>OMG, It's an awesome bar. I came in with a friend for a talk-and-smoke session, and literally time flew so fast. The place offers enormous amount of flavors (English breakfast is one of the best),  sticks come in either hot or cold (up on your choice), sitting area is very comfy, AC is working fine, and especially Hookah Masters are best at what they do: making and fixing hookahs, explaining methods of Hookah origins and meeting new people (They Have this magnetic attitude, which made me really feel appreciated). We had a great time, and will come back for sure!
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,9/14/2013,222,168,4,4,3>Jake's is one of my go-to wine bars in the 103. It's classy yet casual. It's appropriate for a snuggly date, or a catch-up sesh with a girlfriend, or a mini-celebration with a group. The employees are friendly and helpful, and have never made me feel like a moron for revealing my ignorance about wine. They have a good beer selection for the non-wino, as well. This place is a nice - although slightly pricier - alternative to Wine Steals, as it is less noisy, a little more pinkies-up, and you'll probably have an easier time finding a table. Cheers!
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,9/13/2013,318,358,11,9,5>This review is for the BEER GARDEN!!!Spring Valley Swap Meet Beer GardenThe beer garden is the best part about the Swap Meet. It's all the way back in the back left corner, and is like a buried treasure. They make up some bomb a** micheladas. They happen to be my favorite around. There is also a little vendor in front, that serves ceviche. I know what you're thinking... Ceviche at the Swap Meet?? YES. Take a chance on the squirts, and grab some ceviche tostadas. 3 for $5 fish, and the shrimp ones are higher. They are both amazing, and I've tried them a couple times, never got sick or the runs. Delicioso.
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,9/12/2013,5,18,5,13,13>We adopted Sebastian a Shepherd/Boxer mix from a rescue organization when he was 8 weeks old. He potty trained quickly however we had a hard time leash training him. 9 months later and some 60 lbs later he grew, and boy did he grow fast he developed a bad habit of jumping up on myself and others in the family. What once could be handled by using the "off" command became impossible to control now that he was 60lbs. Sebastian also began pulling us down the street when we would walk him. I was beginning to not enjoy being a dog owner. No matter what I did Sebastian just would not listen. After searching for trainers on Yelp I came across Bark Busters and read some reviews on Justin. I called and within 24 hours had a questionnaire sent to my inbox about behaviors Sebastian was exhibiting and then received a call to schedule Justin to come out to the house. The representative on the phone was very friendly and patient. She listened to all of my concerns and then clearly laid out the cost of the training and how the first visit would work. When Justin arrived that Saturday he took the time to listen to my concerns and met Sebastian. He immediately saw things in Sebastian we had overlooked and went right to work helping us correct the issues we had walking him. Within 30 mins he had Sebastian walking right along side me. He did not use any inhumane methods at all. He left me with home work to do to bond with Sebastian and told me to stay consistent with the leash training. He also provided us with valuable insight about Sebastian. However, I learned very quickly the problem was not just with Sebastian but with my inadequate leadership. I for one laughed initially at the whole pack leader conversation. That was until session number two. While Justin and I were doing some leash training exercises I told Sebastian to "sit." Sebastian completely ignored me. Justin chimed in and said he doesn't respect you, this is why you have to become more assertive. That was the defining moment for me in training. I realized then and there that it was time for me to regain my status as the pack leader. I am happy to report that Sebastian is getting better with every walk. I use the loose leash style when I walk him and I've been enjoying walking him. He looks up at me when we walk and he's no longer walking me down the street. He has not jumped on myself or anyone else since Justin's first visit. Don't get me wrong Sebastian still has work to do but he has become a much more well behaved dog and listens when he is corrected. My bond with Sebastian has not only strengthened but his respect and trust in me as a pack leader has grown as well. I have only Justin to thank for not training my boy Sebastian but for training me to become a better dog owner. I'd recommend Justin to anybody who wants to have a well behaved dog and wants to become a better dog owner. Who knew a "BHHHHAAA"  could do so much. (BTW I'm still working on that) Thanks a million Justin!
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,2/20/2012,363,200,24,21,22>Spectacular dining options are sparse in San Diego. You know it. I know it. When compared to LA, SF or NY, no one should or could ever deny the fact that the SD food scene is second-rate. Argue with me on this, I will slap you. Ok, I'm only kidding about the slapping, but I just might punch you. Again, only kidding. Anyway, back to my point! Sometimes - if you're lucky enough - you'll stumble upon a hidden gem, and betcha by golly, WOW! You will be blown away. For us poor, poor unfortunate souls living in beautiful, picturesque, sunny San Diego, Tsuruhashi is our diamond in the rough.     Some Tips:- Yes, it's a bit on the expensive side for what you get, but what you're paying for is QUALITY, people! If you want shitty meat for cheap (FYI- We can NEVER be friends. :P), visit any other BBQ restaurant on Convoy Street. Let me suggest, Manna KBBQ. Their meat is so tough, my jaw locked. Yeaaa, I said it and I'll stop here.- If you're at Tsuruhashi on a Monday-Thursday night, order the Family Set ($27 for Ribeye, Outside Skirt, Boneless Short Rib and Chicken). It's such a great deal.. It's a steal! Man, that was corny.- U.S. Kobe Beef. U.S. Kobe Beef. U.S. Kobe Beef!- Beef Tongue - Get it. Awesome texture and taste.- Kimchi Fried Rice - This usually sells out with the quickness. Also, order this first because it takes them a lil while to cook it up! If unavailable, Bibinba with Yukke Raw Beef is a wonderful substitute.- For dessert, Black Sesame ice cream is the only way to go. It's so good. SO GOOD!- OC/LA Yelpers: If you don't want to drive all the way down to SD, there's another location in Fountain Valley. "Uh huh, sure! Drive all the way down to SD for food? Bitch, please!"Tsuruhashi, thank you for always being around when I'm craving a damn good piece of meat. You are too kind and generous. It's because of you, my fascination with meat will never die. Eternally yours, April M.
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,2/19/2012,246,282,13,11,12>~Stay-cationAll I ever wanted~Stay-cationHad to get away~Stay-cationMeant to be spent close to home~I love you Hotel Del but I'm a travel player and I'm always trading up for cheaper and better Ho's! Therefore, Tower 23 is the newest Hooker of my dreams and I'm glad I got to spend some awesome nights with this beautiful, luscious, and gracious Ho-tel this month!Even though I live 20 minutes north, I never spend extended time, aside from surfing Tourmaline, exploring this mystical place named Pacific Beach. While Coronado and the Ho-tel Del are awesome, well, PB is "hipper" and its first class Call Girl is Tower 23! PB is filled with TON'S of affordable and way excellent places to eat, drink, and be merry. Tower 23 is right in the center of all the fun and has a stunningly modern exterior, comfy rooms, brilliant staff, and a location beyond par that makes this lodging whore worth every penny. Definitely less expensive than the Ho-tel Del and still gives you as much bang for your buck and goes a mile longer! But if you want cheap,  deep, less attractive Ho-tels,  there's also a couple of adequate ones a few blocks in either direction!When we pulled up we got a street space parking in front. In PB? HO-LLA!!!The front desk rep was super friendly and told us that we scored some awesome parking and, if we wanted to leave our car outside we wouldn't have to move it until street cleaning on Monday. She checked us in in a flash and was flawlessly efficient while still being welcoming and cordial. When she saw that I had surfboards she informed me that they have locking surfboard racks in their parking garage. NO HO WAY!?!?So the interior of this place in sort of like  SoCal modern art museum! It's filled with cool paintings, fun sculptures, and contemporary lighting. It almost feels like you're living in a huge beachfront estate in Malibu! Functional, elegant, and private, what's not to love?I like my Ho's quiet so I asked for a location that was away from the street, not on top of the bar/restaurant, close to the ocean, and still had a view (yes loves, I'm the travel pimp who's hella demanding of his of Ho's). The room was immaculate and so am I, well, kinda. Flawlessly clean carpet, lots of closet space, and filled with bright modern furnishings! The bathroom was perfectly designed to be comfortable and pristine without feeling stuffy and sterile. The bed was ginaormous and super duper comfy, enough for several people if you're into that kinda thing. Our balcony had a brilliant view of the ocean and we could also look eastward as well. The only thing I would have changed about our particular room was the "killer desk chair". Other rooms had more ergonomic ones but the one in our had thin legs that flared outwards for we were always tripping over it wherever we walked past the desk.The staff at Tower 23 were all outstandingly friendly, professionally, and faultlessly efficient. Whether it was the reservation staff, the front desk reps, room service staff, the parking valets, or the housekeepers, everyone here ROCKED! Where else could I wake up, go 10 steps out my door, surf the PB Pier 3+ times a day, walk back dripping in my wetsuit and have a doorman help me with my board and hand me a hot cup of coffee?! Even the poor maintenance guy who kept following me around the hotel after surfing to mop up the sand was incredibly gracious!!!Thanks Tower 23 for an outstanding 3 night stand! Beyond a doubt, you're now my number 1 "Ho" of a "tel" in SD! See ya again in a few months!
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,2/18/2012,274,427,8,12,9>Ah flashbacks of the golden girls theme is coming to mind... I came here a bit after they close (oops... saw the open sign still on). But Lynn was gracious enough to answer my questions and offer me some of the remaining selections.Note: I am lactose-intolerant but in no way is my review/rating a reflection of that. While everything she had shown me looked delicious, I opted just to indulge in the mini NY Cheesecake. It was light in taste and texture. The crust was crunchy but soft enough to break apart. My only biggest complaint was that at a certain point, I came upon a section that was slightly undercooked. The texture was a lot more runny/gooey versus the delicious fluffy goodness surrounding it (see my posted photo where the fork hits the cheesecake). Sad. Oh and the mini cheesecake was $5.While I understand the limited choices due to being a small business, I was slightly disappointed that all the flavors weren't available. They rotate their offerings so you won't always immediately get the flavor you want. OR you can special order it 2 days in advance if you want the entire cheesecake. But for the most part, Im curious to try their other flavors...Anyways, the service was excellent and she was even kind enough to suggest that they could try something that wasn't on the menu! How cool is that?! She was kind enough to bring back some of the pastries (muffins, scones) for me to see. BTW, the scones are pretty huge. Prices not that bad. Plus if you need sugar-free they utilize splenda so there are options out there!What a great find... Duh duh da daaa "Thank you for being a friend..."
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,2/17/2012,303,271,14,21,20>A tea novice turned into a fanatic. I never knew what tea truly was until Teavana. Yes, it is pricey but well worth it. There is a minimum purchase of 2 ounces per blend. The prices range from $6.50 to $18. If you are a novice like myself and afraid to to dish out cash on 2 ounces, you can opt to buy a cup to try for $2.99The store does offer samples of about 6 flavors. I am not sure if the flavors change daily. Samurai Chai was one of the flavors my fiance and I fell for and ended up buying. I also bought a black tea with fresh spearmint, ripe strawberries, and crisp apples. Heaven in a cup that you cannot pass up. =)
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,2/16/2012,211,81,21,12,16>An ode, to Hodad'sWaiter waiter you are pretty rad,your service is anything but bad,you're helpful and make lots of jokes,even when we order like a slow-pokes.The onion rings came out so fast,there were many but they didn't last,along side your delicious ranch sauce,you onion rings are the boss.Was a mini burger going to be too small?No no not all all!He explained their the size of in-n-out's,and I was rest assured without a doubt.Bun, cheese, meat and bacon,It could not be mistaken,that Hodad's knows how to do it right,And I will come back another night!Right when I thought I had seen it all,From awesome license plates on the wall,My leftover milkshake, sad, next to my plate,My waiter packed it up in a cup easy to take!
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,2/15/2012,53,343,22,15,8>Decided I need to update my review.Came here the other night. Food took over an hours to come out.... We were here for 2 HOURS. Plus it was like a 20 minutes wait until I could finally pay.It wen't something like this:Came in at 6:45PM. Guy at front told me to grab any seat7:15PM - Guy ask me if I want drinks. Order drinks7:30PM - Lady comes out and ask if we want drinks. Order drinks again7:45PM - Guy asks if we were ready to order. Mind you when I come here I don't even look at the menu. I order one thing and one thing only, the Chicken. 8:05PM - Drinks come in. They're out of Red Koolaid, is Purple ok?8:45PM - Food comes, piping hot and fresh.8:55PM - I'm done. Told you I was hungry9:15PM - Waiter comes and ask if we want the bill. Yes Please9:20PM - Lady comes out and ask if we want a box9:30PM - I walk up to the counter and wait to pay since our bill never came9:35PM - Lady comes back with box9:45PM - Is this place still even suppose to be open? I pay the bill and we bounce...Apparently one of the only staff member that wasn't family quit so they were short staffed.So yes I am bitching and moaning. The horror of this place! Who goes to eat dinner and it takes *gasp* almost 2 hours? Damn this restaurant I must be downgrading it to...... that's right 5 stars. Your eye's deceive you not. After taking a year and a half to get my food, and knowingly know that I grade heavily on service, this place loses a grand total of 0 stars....Why? Cuz this place is a fucking Monopoly. Where else can you get hot piping juicy fried chicken glazed over in honey pecan sauce that simply blows your mind within 100 mile radius of San Diego that isn't home cooked?That's right, you really can't.  So suck it up, if you wanted quick service go to Popeyes down the street.
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,2/14/2012,77,80,9,12,11>Ah, Seaside Chiropractic. I've put off writing this review for awhile, because I just don't know how to put down in words how great this place is! I had never been to a chiropractor before, but consistent back pain had me throwing around the idea for quite a few months. Lo and behold, a facebook ad kept appearing on my page as I surfed through my friends pictures night after night. I clicked on it, but didn't set up an appointment, and then a few weeks later, saw it again. This time I filled out the info and set up my appointment.  I was contacted promptly, and was ready to go!The staff at Seaside is amazing, I was so nervous about getting adjusted, the entire idea of "cracking" a back seemed so crazy and foreign to me, how can "cracking" anything be good for it, after all! But the staff is great at educating their patients so they actually know what's going on, dealing with all our problems, concerns, and issues about what is going to happen, and what is happening in your body. Even after I've been a regular patient for almost a year, they're still teaching me more about my body every time I go!I'm happy to say that I noticed an immediate difference in my back and levels of pain. After the first few months, I rarely notice any of the problems I had before. Being pain free makes me happier, more physically active, I've run my first half marathon and am running two 10k's this spring! I consider the entire staff and Dr. Klein friends, and would highly recommend anyone and everyone visit their office!
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,2/13/2012,4994,169,8,17,15>Best coffee in San Diego.  Seriously, it is so good.  I remember when this location was actually a Starbucks that closed due to reduction of their stores.  I saw Lion Coffee go in and I was shocked.  I thought it was crazy to open a coffee shop in a location that Starbucks closed in. OK, I admit it, I was wrong.  I didn't realize that you could make such good coffee and offer other delicious items to bring people in, and build such a huge cult like following.  They have great coffees with a variety of flavors, and of course your traditional lattes, etc.  But, they also offer amazing breakfast items, including waffles!The staff is extremely friendly, and always seem to be in a good mood.  I love stopping in each day to say hi and grab a cup of yummy coffee!
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,2/12/2012,422,254,10,13,10>DUDE so many deals at Tapex that I wish I was more aware of before. They have lunch specials Mon-Fri from 10am-6pm that include:Tapioca Milk Tea for $1.99Fun-sized crispy chicken for ~$2Also from 11am-3pm every day they have their fish & chips for $5. Comes with two huge pieces of perfectly battered fish fillets and fries. Loves it! I recently tried their squid balls and shrimp balls too and they always come out perfect. On occasion one of the staff members will come out and nicely deliver it to you! How sweet! It really doesn't matter though, I don't mind being called up but a little gesture like that is really thoughtful. Staff is always friendly. They always stop to talk to you when there isn't a rush going on with all the UCSD students coming through. The owner is really nice too. I used to be part of a student org on-campus and he was always nice enough to partner up with my org to help us out with fundraising events. Free wifi and awesome drinks! My new addiction is the WHITE CHOCOLATE MOCHA (no expresso)! Vanilla chai latte is amazing too.
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,2/11/2012,352,132,7,12,9>In addition to being an awesome place to stop by and have a pint, Mother Earth has also helped me IMMENSELY with my new hobby of home brewing.Most home brew shops I've been to have a limited selection, insanely high prices, employees that are unwilling to help, or a combination of the aforementioned problems. I've experienced nothing at the sort at Mother Earth and their employees are especially helpful to an intimidated new home brewer as they will tirelessly strive to assist you in any manner possible. Couple all that with good beer on tap and you have no excuse to buy anything anywhere else.
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,1/3/2014,395,201,10,13,11>P  O  R   KProceed to order the pork belly app. The main reason I was drawn to the paradise of pork. A giant slow braised hunk of pork , covered in a sweet /tangy/ with a slight back end hit of heat. Cut off a piece mop up some sauce and sit back and enjoy . A must order first time and every return trip, excellent!Ordered the  triple threat pork sandwich. Was going to get the carnitas tacos which my buddy got and he said the best he has had ! But when I saw a 3 types of pork on a sandwich , I knew that I had to order it and get rid of my sever pork shakes. The sandwich is a layer of bacon 3 or 4 strips ,  Schnitzel, , pulled pork , a relish  and  aioli. Great sandwich, liked the crunch of the pork  schnitzel , never had it before basically like a chicken fried piece or pork. The combo of different types of pork and relish/ aioli , ended in a pork coma. Ridiculous place almost everything has pork in it one way or another . I did see they sneaked in a steak sandwich, and some salads in there! They also have a good selection of bottled beers . In the  back  of the patio area they do have an outside bar with taps. I got a double stout by green flash , bold rich tasty stout. Killing it !!! Will return to get the carnitas tacos , more pork belly and the monster BLT that flirted with me as it passed my table. Head down to North Pork and get your pig on !
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,1/2/2014,480,944,8,12,11>Our new favorite OB restaurant, bar and breakfast joint.  This has actually always been our favorite quintessential OB spot -- back when it was Qwiggs, and was our favorite happy hour and special occasion spot and sushi bar, and then somewhat when it was Nick's (although not so much).  But now that Mina is at the helm, we anticipate only the best things for this place.Stopped in Saturday night during it's grand/ soft opening, and LOVE what they've done -- instead of a little bar that faces the wall opposite the ocean, a big, open bar w/ very hip feel, everything opening to the fabulous view of the beach, ocean and pier.  Huge "garage-door-style windows that open up to the sea, and tons of community seating, including bench-style seaing all w/ ocean view.  What a fabulous concept!!Wonderful hand-crafted cocktails; my favorite so far is the Blue Streak - w/ Don Julio, blueberries, lime, Gran Marnier and Agave nectar -- I like it unstrained (so you get the actual blueberries) and hold the agave (less sweet). The bar side behind is great, too.  Still the pool table, shuffleboard and fooseball, but with a more upscale feel. Often a mixed young/old crowd, w/ younger crowd later on. My husband tried both the ceviche and cheese dip & chips, and said they were both great (I can't say as they devoured them before I got there). This place is gonna be great!!On opening night, was walking around in the back room w/ my good-looking friend, and this attractive young guy asks us, "want to dance?" No one was really dancing.  But hey; we'll take that as a compliment.  Couple comments after our 3rd and 4th visits (6/24, 7/5): (1) the ocean side bar is really LOUD; love it here so much, but very hard to have a conversation - can acoustics be helped? (2) love the ceviche, seafood sampler and OB farmers market veggies.PS - they serve up an awesome breakfast, too! Stopped in for 5th visit today (Sun. 7/7), and I got the OB hippie omelet w/ tofu, spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, etc, and it was really good; my hubby got the 3 enchiladas w/ eggs, hashbrowns and toast, and it was incredible, and the girls got a single pancake for $3 each which were great (they also have very cool kids' menu complete w/ crayons). The table next to us got a bottle of champagne w/ side carafe of guava juice for just $10 - envious; next time, when we come back w/out the kids. Owner Mina stopped by and was very gracious. This place is the real deal.
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,1/1/2014,176,536,14,14,15>4.5 starsOh yeah, this place is unique and authentic for sure!  All your favorite taco shops will seem americanized after you come this spot.  Its also in a kinda sketchy neighborhood.  I almost feel like i got transported across the boarder, which maybe gives it an authentic (yet sketchy) feel.  What i like about this place is that they offer things that your normal taco shop doesn't.  I didn't know what half of the items on the menu were, but i still ordered them anyhow.Got a Adobada Gortita.  It was delicious!  Now the first time i ever heard of a Godita was when Taco Bell came out with it.  So i was surprised to find out that it was an actual mexican thing, since i had never seen it in a taco shop before.  BTW it's much better than the one at Taco Bell.  Slightly crunchy shell, adobada, queso fresco, lettuce, guac, and sour cream.  Yummy!  yelp.com/biz_photos/la-f…The other thing i got was a Carnita Mulitas, what is it? i asked, she pointed at one.  Still no clue, but i ordered it anyway!  To be honest, i still don't know what it was, i just know that it was good.  My best description would be like a tostada but with fresh tortillas instead of fried, or similar to a quesadilla but fresher.  yelp.com/biz_photos/la-f…I also got some tacos, lengua (tongue) and cabeza (head), the tongue was really good, tender and soft.  If you've never had it, you'd never know it was tongue, you'd think it's just tender beef.  The cabaza was ok, soft but too soft, It's NOT brains, its just the meat from the head stewed for a long time till its fall of the bone tender.  It was too soft though, like to the point of falling apart and mushy.Also got the horchata, which was really good, best i've had, they ladled it out of a bucket in the refrigerator.  What made it stand out over the ones that you get from your local taco shop was it was homemade and much creamier.  The ones you get from the taco shops come premixed in a bag and taste watery in coparision.  Over all i was impressed by the authenticity of the place, there are meats and items that you won't find in your typical taco shop.  I loved that it made me re-evaluate what authentic mexican food is.  No more taking out of town guests to Old Town anymore, La Fachada here we come!
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,12/31/2013,275,241,25,48,37>Today, I decided to get my black panther his new shoes...but what do I know about tires?! absolutely nothing... so I delegated the task to the husband..(this is why I got married after all, so I would have someone to take out the trash, wash the car, etc..etc.) With the recommendation of a friend, Hernandez is where we ended up after calling around for prices.. they had the best quote for the tires we needed; 100-200$ less than other places, so I didn't mind the drive. The entire service from beginning to end took about 30 minutes. Way quicker than I expected. As I sat there waiting, I noticed the employees would immediately approach any vehicle that came on to the lot. You can tell that quick, great service is important to this business.
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,12/30/2013,554,155,7,8,12>Small hole-in-the-wall place, but sooo delicious!- Vegan friendly!  [you may have to ask questions/ask for no dairy/etc, but you vegans get me, right? ;) ]- Great neighborhood, right next to small bar!- Parking comes and goes, but it's expected, so don't fret!- Patio seating if you're in the mood for some sun during brunch.- Cheap prices -- always a plus!- Your order number is announced over the speakerphone so you don't have to awkwardly wait inside.- The lines may get long during primetime (dinner/lunch) but it's worth the wait!My carni friends and veggie friends love this place, you should definitely try it out!
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,12/29/2013,156,106,5,6,5>Been very found of this little breakfast spot for a year now. For some reason we always get the same server. Which is fine cause he is a great server! Mason always takes good care of us and is very friendly.The regular coffee here is... amazeballs. I really don't enjoy regular coffee anywhere either! To top it off they carry flavored creamer. Winning!I routinely get the porridge; I originally got it the first time because I have never seen it adorn a breakfast menu before. So feeling all Goldilocks and ordered it. To my surprise it was delicious! I have also tried the Polenta cake and egg choice on the menu; and the Chicken Sausage, mushroom and Parmesan egg scramble. All food items are really excellent, service is friendly and fast, and the restaurant is located in a sweet little cottage style house. Which went well with my porridge and Goldilock breakfast fantasy...Dogs are allowed on the patio as well!
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,12/28/2013,313,233,5,6,6>Even though parking is a myth in Little Italy, this place is a must in my rotation of restaurants. Simply put:Awesome Jameson pours for a great price.Focaccia di Recco melts in your mouth to create levels of ecstasy previously unknown.Beef Carpacio-just get it. Service is friendly and easy-going. Hell. Yes.
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,12/27/2013,151,254,3,7,8>Popped in here for a quick drink the other night and wasn't disappointed. Love the throwback vibe of the place, but I kind of felt like I was drinking in my grandma's living room. If grandma was super cool and totally into Frank Sinatra. I mean, Cat Eye can't be beat for grabbing a cool cocktail in an even cooler locale. It's like a speakeasy, but without the pretentiousness. I can dig it. Now let's go back.
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/26/2013,196,155,6,8,6>After seeing multiple pictures of cookie sandwiches on Facebook, I started to crave for this dessert. It did not disappoint! The lines were out the door but moved along quickly. There are seats and tables but they are limited, especially when the place is packed. First of all, the prices were great. It's not expensive. The cookies are delicious and definitely fresh! The ice cream is good too. I got the white chocolate macadamia nut cookie and chocolate cookie with cookie and creams ice cream. Oh boy there were chocolate chunks! After the first bite, it was just oh so good. When we were finishing up our cookie sandwich, we were getting a bit sick of it. It was getting a bit too sweet. Plus, the cookie was breaking and falling apart. Other than that, it was definitely good. I would definitely come back to try other flavors or possibly bring my boyfriend since he loves to eat my leftovers. :)
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,12/25/2013,170,262,8,10,9>Not bad... Not bad at all.Came here after diverting all plans to have dinner across the street at the Red Lobster joint due to a packed house on a Friday evening. Heading to The Steak House was merely a random decision (mind you, the best decision) since it was the first thing we noticed and became curious about trying for the first time. After many years of living in Chula Vista and having drove past this joint, I was familiar with its previous name "The Butcher Shop".  Now known as "The Steak House" with a huge sign plastered on the side of the wall marking it's territory as the "Biggest and best Prime Rib in San Diego", I just had to try it out for myself!  Upon entering, the first thing you walk into is the bar.  Not just the bar, but you are greeted by a band of folks strumming away entertaining patrons. It was a little unsual to be up close and personal as you walk in and wait to be seated by a host/hostess, but it wasn't so bad.  My party and I were seated right away towards the back of the restaurant as it seemed that around 7PM is when they start picking up.  I really liked the large chairs and the ambiance of the place. The theme colors of the restaurant are bold colors of red and black. The lighting is very dim, but bright enough so you're not blindly eating your food.Our server was very cordial and explained the menu entrees clearly.  We ordered one big huge slab of Prime Rib that was wheeled over to our table by the chef and sliced to perfection. The table next to us was a bit shocked that we ordered such a huge serving, but hey, we devoured that juicy thing like ravenous dinosaurs craving a mass amount of protein. When your metabolism is high, you can eat wonders! On top of putting that Prime Rib in my belly, I ordered the Filet Mignon wrapped in bacon with Twice Baked Potato, veggies along with Clam Chowder soup, YUMMMMM!!! That is all!You better believe I made my cheat day worth it! On top of that, I enjoyed a nice glass of a Mojito that I'm so glad did not have a gang of sugar in it. Come to think of it, I didn't even taste any sugar in that bad boy. It was like drinking alcohol straight up with mint leaves, but hey, I don't mind since I'm the kind of person that eats my salads with no dressing, YUP!  We were all pretty satisfied with our meals despite skipping out on dessert, but I think we did enough damage. I think this place has been holding up its own and if you have yet to visit this place, I'd say give it a try. It wouldn't hurt to.
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2006,10/27/2006,0,2,,2,3>CAKE makes the most divine tasting confections, but I have to say, I go more for appearances!  CAKE's original designs are intricate and and lovely playful in a way I've not seen from any bakery.  Thank you for the eye-candy, it adds a broad stroke of glamour to any event!
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2006,10/26/2006,207,1481,3,2,2>I no longer live in San Diego, but I consider this restaurant to be one of the highest redeeming qualities the city has to offer.  I had been going to Mario's before it moved to downtown La Mesa, back when it was a hole in the wall in that industrial district.  Back in those days it seemed like each year's Christmas decorations made it into the restaurants permanent decor.  When they moved to downtown La Mesa the ambiance got a little fancier, but the heart of the cooking remained the same.  There is nothing bad to be eaten at Mario's, it's all good stuff.  This place has the world's most perfect lard to bean ratio, and the ranchero sauce could end the conflict in the Middle East.
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2006,10/25/2006,376,527,2,3,3>It's classic breakfast food at very reasonable prices.  The waffles are their well-deserved signature dish and their omelettes are a fab hangover cure for the night before.  What I like best is that you can order smaller portions if you make them "senior size."  Actually, I'm lying--what I like best is the hot waitress (her name is Eva!).   Traditional breakfast places are a dime a dozen but County Waffles has endurance because of its consistently high quality food delivered with a big smile.
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2006,10/24/2006,11,16,5,2,2>I don't know anyone who actually calls this place "The Kensington Club."  It's The Ken.  No need to church it up.  I love taking newbies there; they get that deer in headlights look when they first walk in.  No frills, spackle and drywall dust sprinkled about, sound cables unceremoniously taped to the floor.  I like the fact that you can go to the left for booze and pool, right for music.  Door Number One, or Door Number Two.  The acoustics are not the best, and there are a lot of weird dead spots along the walls, but after six beers, who cares.  Going to the Ken is like going on a cross country road trip.  You listen to strange music, you drink to much, associate with fragrant people and you pass out in weird places at the end of the night.  It's not all good, it's not all bad, it's an adventure.  And the adventure is why you go.  I just have a special place in my heart for the Ken since it's the only place that has inspired me to do cartwheels in the middle of the street in order to flag down a cab.
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2006,10/22/2006,117,98,2,7,5>mmm! anyone in the mood for seafood will not be disappointed by this fresh from the water fare. owned by a fisherman father and his two sons, blue water offers only what is fresh and in season by cute, smiley, knowledgeble gals in casual attire to the tune of some classic reggae.  Generous portions for inexpensive  prices add to the pleasurable experience while fried red snapper with homemade tartar sauce and a chilled glass of sauv blanc make it to die for.
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2006,10/19/2006,323,135,2,3,3>I was really shocked to see quite a few negative comments about this place, but I guess a few people were mislead on what kind of place this is.I mean by the judge of the line, you would think it was the best sushi ever, but for me its a place where friends can go and get shit faced on sake and then spare a couple bucks for some random sushi rolls or appetizers.There are secret places to park near Horton Plaza, and few people realize that you can park in the yellow zone, even if it says loading only, as long as its AFTER 6 p.m. check the signs to be safe though.If the line is long in the place, hit the bar and get a couple of bottles of non-distilled sake. Its incredibly sweet and tasty and reminds me of a coconut milk of some sort. Guarantee to give you a nice warm fuzzy feeling right before dinner. Just make sure you get the one in a bottle, the sake that comes in a kraft does not taste the same, grab the bottle that locks in the freshness, haha.Since many disregard the sushi here, there are plenty of other options to choose from. I've had great appetizer food here to go with my drinks... I LOVE the garlic Edemame its absolutely delish and will have your breath reeking for days! The Bento boxes are great to share too, their tempura is fantastic and many of my vegetarian friends love this option. If you don't want a roll, then get the sashimi sushi, there's amazing tuna options and I love the albacore. That way you can see the sushi on top and the rice content is minimal.I just like to make the best out of a situation, so even though the rolls aren't fantastic, its still a realllly fun place to hit up before you hit the bars. Top it all off with a fried banana or fried ice cream, it looks like a dildo, but tastes like a dream.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2006,10/18/2006,933,691,5,2,2>I still stop by lolita's every time I'm down visiting the fam bam and they still make a pretty damn good carne asada burrito.  You have your grilled tortilla (not steamed), meat, and guac.  None of this fancy pants stuff that I have to tolerate up in Northern Cali.  The day they put lettuce in my burrito down here is the day someone's getting slapped.
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2006,10/17/2006,110,43,3,5,5>DZ Akins. . . I give it 10 stars!!Let's start with the restaurant.  Super friendly staff (if you're a regular, and I am).  There's always a lunch at breakfast and lunch. . . and you better go for an early Sunday brunch otherwise wait an hour to be called.I love love love LOVE their Mish Mash.  It is Matzo Ball soup with Kreplach, Carrots, and noodles in a yummy chicken broth.  TIP:  Add a dash of tabasco sauce to give it an addicting kick.  Shhhh. . . a moment of silence for the Mish Mash.My other must-have is the Potato Knish.  Its this wonderfully buttery potato pastry thing that makes my heart sing everytime I smell it.Next is the ever popular Pastrami Sandwich.  HECK!  All their sandwiches kick ass!  You get a choice of bread:  I always get it with Challah, toasted please.  This is what their sandwich looks like:  Bread, a Fist-sized portion of meat, Bread.  Very rarely do I see anyone finishing their sandwich.I wish I could tell you about dessert but I NEVER NEVER got there.The bakery is another story.  The Rugelach, the Chocolate Chip cookies, the banana cake, the whole loaf of Challah, Chocolate muffins, Butter cookies, Macaroons. . . I spend about $75 everytime I go.  Yes, I share my wealth.  :)DZ Akins, oh, DZ Akins. . . I'd drive hours to taste your yummies!
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/12/2006,10/16/2006,4434,1199,1,5,3>Some friends and I got free guest list here from a bouncer at On Broadway so we thought we'd check it out while in the SD. This place was pretty big with the normal "clubby" scene with differently styled rooms, red lowlights, and lots of people standing around staring at each other awkwardly. Nightlife photogs are around every corner. The dance floor is tiny and the seating is strange high stool bubble seats, filled with platforms and haltered out h's. I saw the most gorgeous ken-and-barbie couple here but besides that we hung out with some pretty sketchy characters. To sum-up: Go here if it's a special party/occasion but it's not really a destination spot.
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2006,10/15/2006,71,100,1,6,1>this is where i learned to appreciate guacamole.  i'd give it 5 stars but truth be told, it is a little scary hole in the wall.  once you're inside, you'll realize that Raul, the owner, is the nicest guy.  only the local neighbors know about this place and they're not about to let their secret out.  if you're brave enough to come into the 'hood, though, you deserve a plate of their fresh rolled tacos w/ guac.  if i remember correctly, you get five of them for about $2.  i've been coming here since junior high because my friends and i discovered that they also make a good burger.
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,12/19/2009,859,450,23,22,23>While I was down the street at Tea n More, surfing the net and drinking/chewing on my Rose Tea Boba along side my bff....we started to get hungry. Spicy octopus balls was just not going to cut it.....(hehe, I said balls....spicy balls. Okay, back on target!)We both looked across the street at Teri Cafe but it was closed -_-Then my friend mentions sushi, which I am ALWAYS up for. BUT we wanted inexpensive sushi. We are unemployed recent college grads, yo.I racked my brain trying to think of a sushi place that was good and inexpensive but not cheap. Oh em gee. I have my laptop! Oh hai yelp.com!I searched for close sushi spots with a one $ sign yall...and I found Niban.It was down the street, it sounded inexpensive AND the reviews looked good. Wow, galing yelp!This is my new sushi spot! :]For $11, I got a soda, a gyoza app AND a sushi roll. Oishii!I also found a friend, who I hadn't seen in 4 years, working here.We exchanged digits and made plans to go karaoke.Arigato gozaimasu :3
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,12/17/2009,281,330,8,22,15>From the ashes of the short-lived "Great Panda" rises Tao, the latest restaurant from Dao Son's creator Eric, a.k.a. "Hot Chef".Tao is decorated like a traditional Asian restaurant, and features white linen tablecloths and classy dinnerware (tables are pre-set).If you're a fan of Dao Son, you'll recognize many of the dishes on the menu. A good mix of Japanese, Vietnamese and Chinese cuisines. We ordered chicken in rice pot and yakisoba noodles. Both were really flavorful, nicely seasoned, and made with fresh ingredients. Very reasonably priced for the quality of the food, too.Perhaps the most notable feature is the HOUSEMADE TOFU and SOY MILK. Both were excellent. I don't know how many eateries in San Diego can boast this.For dessert we had a scoop of lemon sherbet and a scoop of strawberry-cheesecake ice cream, playfully adorned with fresh strawberries and mangoes and drizzled with sauces made from the same. It was a perfect end to a perfect meal.On your way out, you can write a note in permanent ink on the walls for posterity.Eric has really poured his heart into Tao, and it shows in every detail. Check out this great new addition to Normal Heights soon!
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,12/15/2009,421,351,19,26,22>Wow another hidden Gem in Corporate America. The service here is why you should come. Ivette is always so friendly and such a nice gal to deal with, she really enjoys her work and it shows. This is a great place for a quick stop if your hungry and short on time. The espresso shots are awesome and only $1.00. she serves all kinds of sandwiches, breakfast burritos and croissants, all at at a good price that wont break your wallet. Hot dogs, fresh fruit and desserts are always served with a smile : ). If your in the area stop by and grab a quick bite and some good coffee...She is there  M-F from 7:00 to 2:30 in front of a big corporate office building.
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,12/13/2009,432,198,34,30,34>Normally I do my freestyles on Fridays, but since I had request for songs I'll go ahead and drop it a day early.I want to take it to my Filipino roots.Valerio's has been the spot for some good Filipino food. Whether it's the hot food they serve or the baked goods they have ready for you to grab, Valerio's won't let you down. Their success has led them to open numerous stores at various locations throughout San Diego. Want to know their secret to their success?? Here I'll tell you why, cue the music:(to the tune of Jamie Fox BLAME IT)- special request by Cat A. =)Blame it on the Desserts That you buy for work Blame it on the Trays That you get for Partays Blame it on the pah pah pah pah pah pandesal Blame it on the pah pah pah pah pah pah pandesal Aye, so you got a potluck? But you don't know what to get, you're stuck? Its simple, cuz you know what they want But you dont wanna seem like it's easyyy So you're  sayin what ya wanna do? Where the heck you gonna buy the food? Please stop dreamin, jump in your car and just driiiive go riiiight noww VALERIO'S what you thinkin'? gonna be lots of drinkin' Parties on the weekend thinkin we can See who wants to eat thechicken adobo Just one tray of pancit?!, OMG you're LOCOFill another tray up Food goes straight to your butt butt You dont even care now You are unaware how Good The food taste, so just keep eatin'Just keep eatin!!Blame it on the Cakes It gives you the shakes Blame it on Turon (banana lumpia) Gets you in the zone Blame it on the pah pah pah pah pah pandesal Blame it on the pah pah pah pah pah pah pandesalBlame it on the Adobo They always serve plenty Blame it on the Lumpia Got you feeling hungry Blame it on the pah pah pah pah pah pandesal Blame it on the pah pah pah pah pah pah pandesalThat's why they have been so successful!! Valerio's is known for their fresh hot pan de sal. Try the Halo-Halo or the Pan de Ube, Those are some of my faves. Enjoy!!
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,12/12/2009,168,74,10,14,12>I have never seen a Vietnamese restaurant SO CLEAN! It's also very spacious. Instead of getting a cafeteria vibe, I get an actual sit-down restaurant vibe. Most of the good pho places I've tried have been the small, hole-in-the-wall, cafeteria feel type of places. Pho Ca Dao is a step up in presentation and atmosphere and their food tastes just as good.The service was typical of a pho restaurant. The food came out without wait and the server was so quick and abrupt with his speech that he nearly gave me an anxiety attack just answering his questions while ordering. One nice thing worth mentioning about the service: he offered extra broth in a to-go container! Yes, I do take my pho to go, and yes, I do just drink all the broth and leave the rest in the initial sitting. So what?I hate driving to Mira Mesa, but for Pho Ca Dao, I'd do it weekly...
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,12/11/2009,498,262,9,20,12>I found this place on Yelp and I had the plethora of shoe issues so I went to give them a try. Problem number 1 were my glorious Warrior Xena Princess boots purchased in Spain. These are pretty much my pride and joy. The zipper broke one day last August on the right boot. I was horrified. Unfortunately, Chitos was unable to repair the zipper as it went straight to the sole of the shoe. I was/ am devastated. I am debating what to do with them actually, perhaps gild them or frame them or simply cut holes in in the side and lace them up.  Any suggestions are welcome and appreciated! :)Problem number 2 was a pair of black platform sandals that make for excellent work shoes. Somehow the soles started flapping open in the back. Every time I bent my ankle my shoes seemed to be talking to you. Chito's had no problem gluing the soles back together for me. Problem 3 and 4 were two pair of boots I bought off E-bay from some company in Europe. Although familiar with Euro-sizes, I wound up with boots a half size too small. Chito's stretched both pairs for me and they seem to fit much better now! The customer service was great. Be ready to pay for their services when you drop your kicks off and they prefer cash if your bill is less than 10.00.
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2009,12/10/2009,741,244,23,30,28>OMG, Did I just find a person to replace my Mom in San Diego??!! I think so, and her name is Amy. Well, as far as haircutting goes. My Mother is an awesome hairdresser but lives 500 miles away now. I saw this girl with awesome hair at Pal Joey's on Cinco de Mayo, she was a waitress named Desiree I asked who cut her hair and she said Amy at Foxy Hair. She said "She's been cutting my hair for years and I won't go to anyone else" The next day I looked them up on Yelp and they had tons of 5star ratings. I made an appointment and went in last night. I asked her to cut off all the dry crunchy stuff and I let her know that I do have curly hair and either wear it curly or flat iron it. I said I probably need like 3 inches and cut the layers too. 20 minutes later she was done and I was out of there with a new attitude and an awesome precision cut. It's super bouncy now and I just came into work and already received a compliment. Get this....she only charged me $25 bucks. I recommend anyone to check Foxy Hair out and ask for Amy. From the other reviews it seems like that have a shop full of great people.
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,12/9/2009,268,411,12,23,19>I feel like my review will probably repeat exactly what the 100+ reviews about this place have said, but whatever, Bread & Cie deserves it.I really do like bakeries/cafes, but they tend to be so expensive and not really worth it. So I have to admit, I was a little skeptical walking in here. But when I looked at all the amazing food they had to offer, I was impressed. Tons of different breads, muffins, pies, tarts...mmmm... a little expensive, but still, very delicious-looking. The workers were REALLY friendly and quick, and even though I was asking a lot of questions about their food, they were patient and helpful, which was greatly appreciated.I ended up ordering the trifle, which comes in a cup with fresh fruit, cake, and homemade whip cream (kind of like a parfait). The fruit included mangoes, kiwi, figs, strawberries, and grapes. I loved it. Every single bite was delicious and I would definitely order it again.The dish of honor had to be their ham and cheese quiche. Wilmar D. ordered it and I just wanted a small bite (i'm not a huge quiche fan). and HOLY SHIMUNGAS. it was SO FREAKING GOOD. It tasted JUST as good as quiche that I had in freaking PARIS, FRANCE. Like honestly, WTF. I didn't realize it was possible to bring France to San Diego, but apparently it is.Needless to say, I had more than one small bite of that quiche. :) And I will definitely be coming back. AMAZING food and wonderful, friendly service. I can see why people love this place so much.
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,12/8/2009,255,128,19,21,22>WARNING: If you're up to the challenge to get the 1 pounder, don't try to pick that up with your hands until you eat the meat and toppings along the edges of the bun. You're food will definitely fall apart. But understand that's the novelty, so be cool with it or don't get it.  Also, be prepared to possibly lose that pound in the bathroom later.That being said, my 1 pound burger was huge, filling and messy(just as expected). I just wanted to see if I could do it and frankly, it was easy. Then my friend and I got our pic taken with that stuffed toy Cheeburger. Our wives we're pretty amused and we all had a good time. One thing, if you get the "Best of Both" (fries and onion rings), might wanna just get 1 basket. We ordered 2 baskets for 6 people and had tons left over.Nothing much more to add at the moment except I'm hurting now and my throne awaits....Peace!
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,12/7/2009,519,365,26,26,25>Oh, no!  Not another froyo review!  No worries.  This time it's not about the yogurt. In two words - durian milkshake.Place is clean.  Staff is friendly.  They offer a small choice of milkshakes and boba drinks, for you to choose from.  But, if you happen to be looking for froyo, there are 16 yogurt flavors and 30+ toppings to choose from.  It's the average 38 cents an ounce.  An extra plus?  Durian yogurt, which I'd be willing to try.But, I wasn't here for the yogurt.  Flavaful Yogurt is now my go-to place for my 8-year addiction to durian milkshakes. It's just creamy durian goodness.  My advice, if you want to try the essence of durian, without having to eat the uber smelly fruit, try it as a milkshake. If the sweet oniony after taste doesn't put you off, you might actually like the fruit.  Or, not. I heart durian milkshake; therefore, I heart Flavaful Yogurt.The one downside to this is the fact that it's next to an often super crowded Asian market.  So, drivers....beware!  Thems crazy people driving around there.
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,3/16/2014,2758,892,7,21,14>I had to come back from my Yelp hiatus. Why? Because I'm prepared to declare this the best pizza in San Diego.They do rustic Neapolitan pizza perfectly, and my standards for good Neapolitan crust are VERY high. My favorite so far has been the... ALL OF THEM. If I had to pick though, I'd choose the Alexa (rapini, house made fennel sausage, scamorza, EVOO), the Nicola (mozzarella, mushroom, prosciutto di Parma, truffle oil) and the Sergio (mozzarella di bufala, prosciutto di Parma, arugola, parmesan). I've also had a couple of the white pizzas and they were great, but I personally lean toward the red sauced pies.Also, the calamari fritti with marinara. My fiance declared it the best calamari he'd ever had. It is no frills but all flavor---so delicious, though I guess I have been lucky enough to eat even better calamari one other time, which is not a dig at Buona Forchetta, but only a vast compliment to the other restaurant. The atmosphere matches the quality of the food, very romantic. The seats are cozy inside, but really magical on the patio under the glowing cafe lights. Buona Forchetta feels like Europe in a very real way. Even the customers next to us were speaking Italian.Tips:-Prepare to wait for a table even on weekdays. -No reservations, as far as I can tell. Still a good idea to call ahead for a large party, I'm sure.-Wine. They have some great wine. The corkage fee is $10 if you want to bring your own.-I read on their Facebook page that they just hired a chef who's a world champion when it comes to gluten-free pizza.-Don't forget your leftovers on the table. We did and we haven't forgiven ourselves.
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/15/2014,571,391,5,13,8>Since I'm new to the area I've been using the Thrillist list of "The coolest bars and restaurants in town" as a framework for the restaurants I should check out first. So far, I have  I have been the most impressed with Craft & Commerce. The ambiance is on point, dark, campy, comfortable and they play sweet music. The service was very friendly and smiley; despite the "cool" atmosphere... coming from LA people who work at in trend spots are usually dicks! The food is non-pretentious, well priced and damn good. I tried the Ode To The Burger with Sweet Potato Fries and would definitely get it again. My counterpart, Justin K., got the ribs and enjoyed his meal very much as well! They also have an awesome beer selection-- lots of craft options but not your "standard" Sculpin, Lagunitas IPA, Firestone,... selection and they even have a beer on nitro (had to ask)!
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/14/2014,645,258,13,13,12>Francesca's is nestled away between the big granddaddy stores in Fashion Valley. In the middle of the mall between Neiman's & Nordy's you will find this cute little shop full of clothes, jewelry, shoes and accessories.  The prices are reasonable and the store is easy to shop in. No pushy salespeople and they are right on top of the latest trends as well as classic attire.  They mix things up that you would never think about.  I mean when you can have a cute little jumpsuit paired up with a fanny pack. Yes I said Fanny Pack! then you know you've found something unique.Check it out! You will be surprised at the deals you will find.
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,3/13/2014,63,142,8,13,9>I come here almost every week.  It doesn't get better than this.  Take your vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, lactose intolerant, or omnivore friends here.  Nobody will feel like their appetite isn't catered to.  Everything I've had on this menu is spectacular, and I've had almost all of it.  The servers are friendly, hours... generous; food... plentiful; environment... spacious, and prices affordable.You'll never want to eat real meat again after you've eaten at Sipz.  Their mock duck is so juicy and tender, the beef is grainy and goes well in any dish, the chicken tastes and feels much like the real deal but not nearly as dry, and "scallops" are so fresh.  I swear, their mock poultry beats any real poultry.  Given in plentiful proportions and doused in a flavorful specialty sauce (like their spicy basil), you'll be wishing you had a larger stomach to finish the gigantic bowls.Their sunshine bun makes a great appetizer.  It's a steamed bun filled with mushroom and cabbage.  Be sure to share it with someone, or else you'll be too full by the time the food comes.The vegan "sushi" is also wonderful.  Everything tastes as fresh as can be, but they only serve it after 5 pm.Get the  Mongolian Style, Peppered Pork, Salt and Pepper, Japanese Fire Noodles, or Drunken Noodles (these are difficult to pick up with your chopsticks, beware!).The vegan cheesecake tastes just like the real  thing, but my heart belongs to the vegan carrot cake.  Wow.  The "cream cheese" frosting, chunks of cranberries and shredded carrots make this treat decadent... it's a HUGE slice meant to be shared.  If you have special dietary needs or concerns, bring it up with your server.  They are extremely knowledgeable and willing to go the extra mile to make sure you are able to eat something on the menu or need to have something modified.Do yourself a favor and go out to Sipz.  Seriously.
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,3/12/2014,381,477,11,16,13>This place is huge!  I had no problem getting a table for a late breakfast Sunday.  :-)There lots of attractive choices and I chose the yang chow fried rice.  I had a good feeling about this dish when I saw the huge plate of rice and the delicious aroma of wok charred fried rice hit me.  With my first bite I was surprised by how good the Chinese sausage was.  It was a really intense burst of flavor I've only found in fresh sausage from San Francisco.  The shrimp was very good too.  The mix of flavors from the seasoning, meats, and rice was excellent.  I'd rank this dish among the top 3 best fried rice dishes in San Diego.  I usually go to Golden Chopsticks for their shrimp fried rice but this dish is just as good flavor wise and a good value.The won ton noodle soup is pretty good here and fairly priced at $5.77.  I prefer the won tons at Sam Woo but the addition of char sui was a nice touch.  Good quality noodles and good combination of flavors.One of the reasons I love family run places like this is they can accommodate special requests.  I was craving bbq pork lo mein and it's not on the menu but they were willing to make bbq pork chow mein for me which was very good.  Excellent blend of flavors from the smoky wok, green onions, egg noodles, and bbq pork.  The one thing that was only average was the bbq pork was a bit dry as it was cut too thin and overcooked.fried chicken wings - average, the batter was very crunchy but a bit too thick, didn't like the garlic flavor as it was really strong and overpowered this dish, much better version at Golden Chopsticks
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,3/11/2014,1194,640,9,12,12>I loooovvveee Cowles Mountain. I go hiking here weekly, and it always feels so good. During the mornings on weekends it is pretty packed. This makes me very happy, because I like being around motivated, healthy, puppy friendly people. However, parking is a little tough. Best to drive down the street a bit to the neighborhoods and street park there. Extra hike to your hike = extra bonus. There are also a lot of young people that do this hike in crews. I'm not sure if they are church-going folk, or clubs, or high school kids, but regardless it's nice to see. Once I even saw a highly overdressed lone ranger carrying a "Jesus Loves You" yellow flag trudging up the trail. It was seriously weird, but hey, people are weird. I just went with it and tried not to judge. There are also a lot of military people that hike this trail, or jog up wearing gas masks. I guess it's the place to be for everyone trying to stay in shape.It's also nice to go on evening hikes here. It's beautiful to reach the top just as the sun is setting and lovely colors are flooding the sky. It's very peaceful, and would be romantic if a thermos of hot chocolate was strategically packed in a backpack beforehand.One thing to note is that this hike is not so easy for little doggies. We tried to bring my mini Dachshund, and ended up having to carry him most of the way. Especially in the mornings. It's just too hot for a little guy with little legs.Lastly, don't be *that* person that blasts their music without using headphones. I don't get that. If you happen to be going at the same pace as one of these people, than you're forced to listen to their taste in music (which generally isn't great). Headphones were created for a reason, and on a hike they should be put to good use. It might be strange to think about, but a lot of people actually go on hikes to get away from the surface, digital world. Maybe to bask in one's thoughts, or listen to the sounds of nature. Loud G'd out rap or tiny bopper pop can ruin that.
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,3/10/2014,426,172,9,19,13>This is one of few places I can say I wouldn't have ever found out about without YELP. BONUS use the check in offer for $2.00 off...I'm not a fan AT ALL of Phil's BBQ, with that being said I have never found such a great place until I bookmarked Coops over a year ago.This place has the best BBQ in town. And I've been to several places. The brisket is so tender and has a great smoke ring. The Sausage is homemade and has a great flavor and spices.Beef ribs are meaty, smokey, tender and juicy.The Pulled Pork is out of this world.The Rib Tips are nice and meaty.I like how they don't just put BBQ on everything to hide the meat. Every meat is delicious and only needs a tad to enhance the flavor.The service is amazing, prompt, courteous, attentive and friendly. Keep it up Coops. I was sad to hear they closed the Chula Vista location, not that is any closer to me but I think they have a huge potential to expand.Minus 1 star for the sides. Now that every main entree is perfected they should take the time to make sure the sides are on the same page. I hope someday I can give them 5 stars so I will be back for MORE!!!!
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,3/8/2014,192,110,7,12,9>You had me at hello!I finally had a chance to try this place and I was not disappointed. I shared my Creme Brulee with my date along with a couple cups of coffee. The presentation was well done, I never had Creme Brelee with white chocolate swirls on top before nor did I ever have one decorated with flower petals (I am not sure if the petals were edible so I didn't try). The ambiance was great and they had an outdoor seating area so this is a good place to go after a meal. There were plenty of street parking. We enjoyed the Creme Brulee very much that we decided to try another dessert and this time we settled for Basque Bundt.  We never had it before so we didn't know what to expect. Well it had citrous flavor and it was served warm, I was not too impressed then again my expectations were dulled by the Creme Brulee we had earlier.Overall the experience was very positive. Until next time.
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,3/7/2014,859,450,10,13,14>I've always been scared to go to Whole Foods because of all the comments about how expensive it is. Due to that, I kept entirely to Trader Joes or Costco. So imagine my shock when I finally stepped into Whole Foods (as an adult) to find out that, really, it's not that expensive D:I am so gullible sometimes.I skipped the prepared food section and headed straight to the meat section. I ordered ground beef and short ribs. I also got some produce. Perused the place. I noted that some times were slightly higher in price but not horrible.When I got home, I made some burgers with the ground beef and wow...they came out great.  So juicy and delicious. It truly makes a difference. It also made me wonder why I've bothered buying from other places that, while cheaper, are inferior in quality. I also made braised short ribs and those came out delicious as well.Anyway, I am reformed. I am now a Whole Foods shopper. Sign me up for the cult.
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,3/6/2014,971,479,12,12,9>I'm a fan... and don't judge me.... (Cheetahs next door-okay get liquored up and walk on over)Seat yourself on one of the comfortable chairs.  It doesn't seem like there's a bad seat in the house.  Equipped with tons of flat screen TVs and one large screen towards the back of the bar.  Service:Oh my-the young lady server has a smoking HAWT Body... I'm not talking curvy but muscles.  So sexy! Strong is SEXY to me... =) Okay and the service was also absolutely great.  She kept checking up on us and of course allowed us to put in another HH drink before it ended.  YAY!  I love WHISKEY... Food:HH from 2-6pm8 Hot Wings (Ordered it with the sauce on the side)4 Potato SkinsTempura VeggieGreat menu selections and they serve EGGS all day.  Definitely will try out the other items. What a great find for me.  I've passed by many times but never stopped.  I'm glad that we were able to check this place out and this BAR will now be one of my game day spots.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,1/21/2011,352,132,23,18,21>Chocolate bacon cake is the shit. If you ask me, it's exactly what our nation needs right now in the face of all these pansy "good for you" frou frou meals. Riviera serves their artery-clogger in heaping portions with extra bacon on top. Aside from the novel bacon-choco combo, it's actually an awesome slice of chocolate cake that's all rich and gooey--just like me on the inside.I tried the sirloin this time and no one was to blame but me for it's super rare bloody goodness. I CAN thank Rivera for plating stellar cuts of choice beef for me to grill up with my instinctual caveman-fire skills though...they also seasoned it which was mighty sweet of them.Service was slightly slow, but they recognized this and comp'ed us for the mac n' cheese that took a while to come out. And when it did it was delicious, all the better knowing that it was free.Of course, two or three SD beers and a national favorite or two on tap seals the deal for me.Oh yeah, it was almost dead inside. Kinda nice. It's warming up and the beautiful San Diego weather is in bloom so the hipsters must've packed up their MGMT records and migrated to Seattle for the summer. More steak for me with less attitude from fellow patrons and a few servers. I can dig.I LOVE The Riviera Supper Club.
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/17/2010,1/20/2011,316,108,29,28,28>On a rainy day, such as today, the Asian half of my tender heart craves the homey comfort of noodles in a steamy broth.  Today's pick was pho.I was up in the LJ (that's what us local kids call La Jolla... actually no one calls it that) practicing with my still nameless band at UCSD.  Our drummer and guitarist, Cez and Mehrdad respectively, were going to check out a mini concert at Sushi Art after practice, so that left Masa T and me to our own devices.  Already craving pho throughout our practice session, I asked him if he would like to accompany me to dinner.  He agreed and my heart soared.  Feeling lucky and optimistic, I then asked him if he would spoon me after dinner.  Unfortunately, he declined.  You can't win 'em all, I suppose.So we head up the hill past Rock Bottom to Pho La Jolla.  We were optimistic of the fare that was to come since the place was pretty jammed packed.  The place was clean and warm, which obviously bodes well for a restaurant during wet, cold weather... or any other weather for that matter.  Well, maybe not always the warm part if it was summer, but lettuce continue on with the story.  Masa T and I decided to split a plate of egg rolls, and I ordered a bowl of pho tai gau with meatballs while he ordered some super house special deluxe pho.  (Pssst... Masa if you're reading this, what was it that you ordered?)  Anyway, the egg rolls came out first and they were quite a delight.  One might argue that egg roll quality tends to be pretty standard across the board, but these puppies were pretty darn choice.  If you have the means, I highly recommend it.  Actually they were super cheap, so I'm sure most would have the means.  But I digress...  The pho came out sometime later with the usual plate of veggie accompaniments: bean sprouts, jalapeno, lime and basil.  Though the bean sprouts were heaping, the rest of the veggies were lacking.  Myself, I would mainline basil if I could find a proper method, so I was a bit disappointed.  Granted I could have asked for more, but I just wasn't in the mood.  After dressing our soup with our herbal garnishes, Masa T and I went to town.  The broth was pretty flavorful, but it lacked that certain "oomph".  Though the meats were well cooked and delicious, the noodles were slightly mushy and clumped together.  In spite of the less than spectacular broth and overcooked noodles, the pho was still pretty a-ok, but not eyes-roll-in-the-back-of-the-head fantastic.  I found the overall experience to be satisfying, but it just wasn't quite fulfilling. So in summation, this place gets 3 stars.  Actually, my experience might have been altered to warrant giving this place 4 stars if Masa T had agreed to make out with me in the parking lot, but alas, he did not.  One day, Masa... you'll cave one day.
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,1/19/2011,519,365,17,20,19>There are some things to be said about living in Chula Vista. Yes, we are a drive away from all the popular spots like downtown, Hillcrest/North Park, Mission Valley and La Jolla. Yes, gastronomic options are limited in variety. Yes, people claim that it's just too far to drive to.But, DAMN, we got some amazing Mexican food joints and markets -- Gonzalez Northgate Market is right up there, on that list.I'm not ashamed to admit that for my unusual cuts of meats for my favorite Filipino dishes, I definitely prefer going to Northgate over Seafood City. It helps that culturally we share the same Spanish influences. Here, I bust out my mediocre Spanish skills to order "tres libras de paleta de puerco" (3lbs of pork butt) or "cuatro piezas de pata de puerco" (4 pieces of pork feet), occasionally exchanging food ideas, with a friendly butcher. My favorite part of Northgate is their hot deli - La Cocina. Too tired to cook dinner, after grocery shopping? Grab a family meal, on your way out. How can you go wrong with tasty beef barbacoa tacos, with a side of beans, rice and salsa?Also a plus -- this store isn't as crowded as the one on 43rd and there's plenty of parking.Don't miss out on an opportunity to enjoy the good eats or get the goods to make some awesome Mexican dishes. Gonzalez Northgate Market is definitely a favorite.
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,1/18/2011,166,79,13,14,14>One of the greatest sports bars EEEVVVVVEEERRRRR!Came here with fellow yelper "Tino" and a couple homies for the Shogun fight.  Tino always talked about hitting this place up so we finally did.  I LUV YOU Tino!  =)  For those who don't know who Aaron "Tino" T is, look his ass up and add him...  pronto!Seats are limited so I suggest you get the early, especially when there's some kind of major sport event.  We thought we were early but when we arrived it was standing room only.  That didn't matter though because they had big LCD tv's all over the damn place.  No matter where you were positioned there was always a TV for you too look at and keep up with what was goin on.Drink prices were good too.  A shot of ice cold jager I believe was 5 or 6 bucks.  Don't worry though you aint gettin short handed by no skimpy ass shot glass.  They have different drink specials for like everyday of the week.  If you's a baller I believe you can rent out their "VIP room."  I don't know the details, but from what I saw....  GOD DAMN!!!!   Do I need to be white to be in this room?and there's plenty of EYE candy too.... EYE!
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,1/17/2011,262,85,16,12,12>Much like Torrey Pines State Reserve, the Gliderport is where you go if you want to show off to visitors or simply to justify the monthly bloodletting which is your rent check. I like to come up here for lunch breaks when I get that feeling of "if I see one more effing Excel spreadsheet I'm going to rip out my own eyebrows." It's gorgeous, calm, and most importantly, there are lots of hot guys jumping off of cliffs. I'm not sure why, but that kind of thing gets me every time.  Though the deli is good, it takes them about 30 minutes to make your 'wich. I'd recommend bringing a sac lunch. Or maybe just forgo lunch, grab one of those hot hangliding instructors, and get a solid make-out going. Hey-o!!
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2010,1/16/2011,245,144,16,17,21>I'm not a bulk shopper.  Frankly, Costco culture freaks me out.  This isn't a criticism as much as it's a preference.  I buy on an as-needed basis.  For this purpose, North Park Produce goes above and beyond in fulfilling my needs.  On a typical visit, you'll find price-conscience produce and perishables aplenty, hard-to-find imported ingredients, delicious assortments of cheeses and olives, a bountiful selection of ethnic breads and pastries, and the obligatory foreign sweets.  Despite its vast offerings, North Park Produce isn't an all in-house operation where you can buy everything under the sun under one roof  [beause this isn't Wal-Mart, you schmuck].  Also, the shelf-life for many fruits and vegies here isn't the longest, but if you're a same-day scrounger like me, you'll get the full bang for your buck.  Don't even think about buying the fish.Bear in mind that North Park Produce isn't Vons, Henry's or Whole Foods.  If the name of the establishment itself or the neighborhood in which it's located don't clue you in to this very obvious fact, you're a fool and you should probably stick to your commercialized shopping staples.  The presentation is no thrills.  There are no artful arrangements.  There are no distinguishably marked aisles. That said, urban dwellers with strong leanings toward hunter-gatherer will dig this shit like a grave.  Nay sayers are truly missing out.
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2010,1/15/2011,89,97,14,18,15>I'm hooked. Completely, and utterly, HOOKED. And that means a lot coming from a girl who grew up in a Korean owned pizza shop for 10 years! For starters, we had garlic parmesan fries and chicken wings with Ivan's special sauce and man, that sauce was SPEEEECIAL! It was pretty delicious. A little spicy, a little sweet, a little of all that is good! Then we moved on to garlic knots and of course the doughy, garliciness was incredible, but on top of it just being good by itself, Scott gave us the butter garlic dipping sauce and that just put me over the edge! I think at one point I took a bite and my eyes rolled up to the back of my head... Ok, so now for the serious business. It's all about the pizza! The BBQ Chicken Deep Dish was layered with cheese, chicken, bbq sauce, and the best part... BACON!!! I love bacon so much,  let's do a chant! BACON! BACON! BACON! This pizza was made with a lot of love. You can just tell by the amount of ingredients (especially the bacon) they loaded on top of the pizza!And to finish of the night of gluttony, I magically made some room in my stomach to fit in some cinnamon knots. You think the garlic knots are good??? The cinnamon knots will give you a heart attack, so keep a defibrillator handy! By the end of the night I was squirming uncomfortably, but very happily in my seat. Chicago Rocco's, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE you! They deserve 5+++ stars! And if anyone gives them less... Watch out... I might just have to kick your butt. (Just kidding... maybe...)
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/14/2010,1/14/2011,376,293,11,16,10>Cozy, intimate, seductive crimson setting with attractive bartenders, go-go dancers and patrons.  I have never seen a Wednesday night anywhere (except maybe Vegas) as poppin' off as this place.  I almost forgot it was a weeknight and continued my alcohol consumption late into the night.  But geez, drinks are super expensive!!1 vodka redbull + 1 vodka soda = $28??!  Really??  For a small club/lounge, that is ridiculous!!And they were charging $10 cover!  Luckily, we were on the glist so we were fine.Typical hip hop/dance music.  Mixed crowd.  Fun experience overall.  I would come back, but definitely pre-gaming it!
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,1/13/2011,431,494,20,36,23>ZUUUUUUUUMBA!I lost 28 lbs by doing Zumba with Claudia, Suzy and Andriana.  I went from a size 10 to a size 6. I kid you not. I love dancing and taking this class with them just feels like having fun playing around. Treadmills are good, but I find it boring. Swimming was okay, but I got tired too quickly. I can Zumba for hours and keep going. I've taken Zumba classes at the YMCA and at 24 Hour Fitness. This is nothing like it. You learn to dance while getting a great workout. I've talked to other people in the class and everyone loses weight. I saw a 51 year old student of theirs get low...she did it sexier than me O____O. That was my face watching her dance.  She's been following them for 1 year.They also offer Saturday classes in National City. It's $7 for one person and $10 for two. Let me know if you wanna buddy up with me and go. :)If Zumba isn't macho enough for you they also offer Insanity... from what I hear it's INSANE.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,1/12/2011,432,198,24,26,23>Who likes to see guys roll around with each other until they are all hot and sweaty? NOT ME, but if you love MMA and grappling like myself then that's what you will expect to see!Growing up, my brother and I used to always wrestle and grapple with each other. We got a kick out of it. It was our way to show each other who the tougher guy was. My brother was always the tougher one out of us two. I mean come on, I'm a lover not fighter =p He was always the bigger one out of us two and the one who always got into fights and always got in trouble. Did I mention he's my younger brother!? You would think the older brother is the one who looks after the younger one and beats up anybody who messes with him right? Not in our case. My "lil big bro" would handle anyone who messed with me. He became my personal bodyguard. (not that I can't handle myself, best recognize!)We grew up watching UFC from the very beginning. We would rent the tapes from the video store and rush home to watch it. I would always hear him say, "let me try this move on you." I would then become the victim stuck in some hold, "tapping out" like a lil biatch. I knew from there, my brother can be really good at this. I used to bring him to my friends house just so he can work on his boxing skills. Shout out to "pity pat" for volunteering his body as my brothers punching bag. My brother even tried to train in MMA back when he was a teenager at this little gym called the Bullpen ran by UFC vet Tony Galindo. He couldn't afford the classes so he gave up on his dream of becoming a cage figher.Fast foward to present day. My LBBB (lil big bro bodyguard) always got himself into trouble. From street fights to even jail time, he was going down the wrong road. I did not want that for him so I decided to sign him up at the Alliance Trainning Center. I wanted to give him back that dream he once had of getting into the cage and fighting. I mean, he always looked out for me so of course I want to look out for him. Family first.We go in and sign papers. I get him a year membership for 89/month that includes all sorts of classes. From Muay Thai, boxing, Jiu Jitsu to wrestling. MMA at its finest. The staff are very friendly. Brandon Vera himself is a really cool, down to Eartth guy.  Michelle Vera is a fighter too. Really cool woman. My brother actually admit, he is literally scared of Michelle Vera! (she can really whoop some ass)People come to this gym for many reasons. To get into shape. To train to become a fighter. I came to this gym to help change my brother's life. Years from now if he becomes a pro fighter, I can be proud to say I helped him get there. If he doesn't make it to the pros, who cares. Just seeing how happy he is and to see him push himself is enough for me. If I only had time, I would be in there trainning along with him.Thank you Alliance! Thanks for giving my brother an opportunity to change his lifestyle.Oh yea, thanks for teaching him new moves. It brings back memories hearing him say, "let me try this move on you" again.
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,6/5/2014,224,313,6,9,8>A great, casual and quick new spot in PB with great customer service and one of those high-tech soda fountains that gives you 100 choices. I haven't had a soda in more than a month... today I had two. No beer, but that's ok... there's plenty of other places to get that in PB. I needed food!Ok, here's the skinny on what you need to know.Seating: Don't be fooled if it looks crowded. Turns out there's a back, outdoor area that none of the three people I was with knew existed until we went in there.Menu: LOTS of options. Take a breath. The 'fat' sandwiches are probably enough for two meals, so you could split one or take 1/2 home. Despite being large, they come on a custom roll (they have their own mold) so everything fits. Barely any spillage! The other sandwiches are about $2 cheaper and less 'fat' but still very good. Sandwiches are wrapped for you as soon as they come off the grill, so they're super portable / easy to handle.Delivery: They deliver. Or call ahead for takeout. Don't be a jerk and forget to come get it though... PB has a bad enough rep.Parking: It's PB. Easy mid-week, I parked out front. Weekends... ehh, but if you're driving, you've probably parked elsewhere already.That's it. Another great spot for locals and PB tourists to grub at. Definitely worth checking out. Did I mention no spillage on my sandwich!?!
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,6/4/2014,166,84,9,18,14>I finally found a bar/lounge in downtown SD where it's NOT in the gastro pub area, NOT impossible to find parking, and NOT loud enough that you miss out on half the things people say at the table.Here's the run down:- easy parking even on weekends. At least compared to other streets in downtown anyways. Love the fact that it's a little removed from the main pub area, I think it weeds out a lot of the pub crawling drunkards.- great atmosphere: no obnoxious top 40 playing in the background. I didn't have to pretend like I understood everything because I actually heard everything said. Sounds like a small thing to ask for when going out on dates and hangouts, but damn, it's so hard to find a good bar/pub  for chats without having to losing your voice.- good craft drinks: I like the way craft drinks are progressing in SD, as theres a level of consistency and establishment in the various venues like c&c, 10 grand, and PP. All the drinks we got were spot on perfect. A friend told me the place is related to sycamore den in NP, which I've only had good experiences in.- great friendly staff: I don't usually comment on staff and how friendly they are, but the waitress helping us out was very helpful and friendly in getting all out orders in place. I understand that things can get pretty busy and sometimes wearing that plastic smile all the time during the grueling nights in DTSD is impossible, but our waitress was amazing and very thoughtful. Provided separate checks! Awesome.The only thing to note is that they have a pretty small food menu. $16-$20 for burger and fries (don't get me wrong, the burger was very good), but if I'm spending $16+, I'd rather go big and get a steak or a main dish. With that thrifty mentioning, I will say the food here is excellent, and our table enjoyed very much their meat platter with elk and boar meat! Yum.All in all, I feel as if all the points above come together to create one of my favorite bars in SD. Cheers, and here's to the lions share and their 2 year anniversary!
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/3/2014,303,82,13,11,12>Ohhhhh CrossFit..helping both genders look hotter naked since 2005.  For that alone I am eternally thankful.  A few other things that I am thankful for are highly organized and thoughtful programming, intuitive rep schemes and time domains, a progressive balance of strength vs. conditioning, and finally coaches with a rabid tenacity for seeing their clients improve. Having been a part of this atom bomb of fitness since 2007 I can easily say Humanity is the embodiment of all that. Push your boundaries, get your mind right, make some friends, and last but not least LOOK BETTER NAKED.
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,6/2/2014,288,286,7,13,9>I love this bakery. Been here a few times but my boss lives down the street and will sometimes bring in some goodies.  I have tried their Cuban sandwich, brownies, mojito cookies, guava cheese rolls, regular cheese rolls and salted toffee oatmeal cookies.  I've been to Porto's in LA and Azucar's cheese rolls are comparable, maybe even better.  Their salted toffee oatmeal cookies are addicting.  I love the contrast of the salt on top with the sweetness of the toffee chips.  I'm sure they spring crack on there too because it is THAT addicting.  I'm glad OB is out of my way or else I'd be 15 lbs heavier eating here.
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,6/1/2014,1020,575,10,15,13>I've had their donuts a multitude of times thanks to my coworkers bringing in those lovely pink boxes in the morning. It actually took me awhile to actually walk inside the shop to get my sugar fix. Fast forward 3-4 months (and a couple happy pounds later), it still stands as the best neighborhood donut and coffee shop I've ever frequented. The bf and I always walk here. He always gets a couple bars and regular glazed while I get the apple fritter and a coffee - either regular or Vietnamese when I want that extra kick. Those apple fritters though. They are definitely worth the hype because this is unlike any fritter you've tasted. Just a perfect merriment of apple, cinnamon, and flaky funnel cake like dough. They're sure to start your morning off right.Excellent and fast service. Very inexpensive too. I always go in the morning around 8-9 and there's always good selection. They're probably the only reason why I carry around cash.
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/31/2014,256,133,21,11,15>An entire review written to a portion of A Tribe Called Quest's "Scenario" (My favorite part.  The Busta Rhymes part. Yes.  I am THAT nerdy.) and dedicated to Jose's Shrimp Burrito. youtu.be/Q6TLWqn82J4?t=3…The song is all synced up...listen along as you read (like I said...I am THAT nerdy).***WATCHAs I combine all the juice from that shrimpPeeled up, blackened, bring it back, come, you wimpPowerful impact (SPICY!) eat the roasted pepperNot braggin', burned my wittle tongue, just imagine!Fa-ranks-Red-Hot, un-necessaryWhen eat-in'  in this fish-er-yOh-my-gosh! Oh my gosh!Eating Blackened Shrimp, gotta get my noshOn! On! On! All o-ver the bar, manUh, pardon me, uh! As I come backAs I do every Sunday to this fish gardenWhen I travel through the 'Co, Omega 3 I'm enlargin'Glub, Glub, like a tenderized salmonChange your little drawers cause your non-spicy-tolerating-pants were saggin'Try to step to this, you'll fail, that's for certainAnd you leave feeling full, your chain, I'm not jerkin' Ho-Ho-Jose's, Blackened Shrimp BurritoThe spicy green sauce, blackened shrimp, they were kicking'Yo, bust-out-that-busta-bag-before-you-burp-or-bust-­another whine, the spicy is in sync (Uh!) the 'to is on fire (FIRE!)Ripping up the joint, with slight indigest-oGet Jose's Burrito at Bay Park FIsh Co.Bay Park FIsh Co, Bay Park Fish CoSo what, so what, so what's in Jose's green shrimp burrito?Bay Park FIsh Co, Bay Park Fish CoSo what, so what, so what's in Jose's green shrimp burrito?Bay Park FIsh Co, Bay Park Fish CoSo what, so what, so what's in Jose's green shrimp burrito?
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/30/2014,292,514,22,24,20>****YES, ITS ANOTHER HIPSTER SPOT.  YES, THEY SERVE VERY GOOD COCKTAILS.  IF YOU WHINE A LOT ABOUT THE WAY HIPSTERS DO THINGS YOU MIGHT WANT TO STAY AWAY SO I CAN HAVE MORE BAR SPACE.*****Its been a while since I've been wowed when walking into a location...the last time was Polite Provisions.  And no surprise CH has blown my mind again.  These mofos know just how to get you to feel a certain way.  I didn't really know this was a CH spot before I walked in so I wasn't eagerly awaiting its arrival.  I just happened to be walking by and said, "Dag nabbit I gotta go in and get a drink!"  Being from the Chicago area, it reminded me of a classy Portillos Hot Dogs done very well.  You feel like you've traveled back in time, but not in a Disneyland kind of way.Even though I don't eat oysters or mussels, I still think this place is great.  Lots of cocktails for everyone's enjoyment are abound.   Bartenders are nice and know their stuff.  The bar manager is Leigh from most notably Craft & Commerce and created about 40 of the drinks for the Ironside.  He's legit good.Lobster roll is solid.  I like how they let the quality lobster shine through instead of masking it with tons of mayo or other.  The roll was very good, made in house.  I haven't had many lobster rolls, but this was good.  What made the plate worth $19 were the hand-cut fries.  Damn they are good!It's another San Diego "must see" spot in my book.*******Update on 4/24/14*******I just wanted to add a few things since writing my review.First off, how could I forget the restroom sink!  Damn I was frustrated that I couldn't figure out how to find it! LOL.  I had to ask my GF because I was too embarrassed to ask and the workers looked super busy.  "Be Optimistic" you can find the faucets at the edges of the ocean...haha.I also wanted to chime in on the service discussion.  I had great service when I visited on a Sunday afternoon.  I sat at the bar which may have been the reason.  I also may sound like a CH fanboy, but hey, they do what they do really well, but it seems most of the people leaving lower star reviews only have a few reviews in total and aren't looking at the big picture.  Sure, they should be pros and know how to handle an opening weekish, but when you're trying to do something different or out of the usual, there's going to be a learning curve.  Sure, the prices are a little high and there isn't a big wine menu, but it's in Little Italy and it's a cocktail bar...they have like 40 cocktails!  In my opinion, when people complain about pricing or lack of a certain offering, they might want to take a moment and think about the restaurant concept and think about if they chose a restaurant in the wrong price range.  No one made you walk into a hipster spot and order what you ordered.  Do you go to Flemmings and expect a $10 steak? Main lobster for less than $30?  I don't know about you, but I'd be scared of a $10 lobster roll.  Where the hell did they get that lobster??I hope they do get the service quirks "Ironed" out because this place has something great going for it...too great to be getting picked apart with service issues from whiners.  Thanks for reading my rant!!!
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,5/29/2014,410,670,8,12,10>After watching a show with a Pastrami sandwich I had to have one and the only place that seemed worthy was DZ Akin's!  Came in this morning and were seated promptly, but I had to ask to sit near the window as they were attempting to sit us near a waiter station.  We did get a window seat.  They still have the garlic pickles at the table for free! YAY! I love them.  I ordered my Pastrami and wanted onion rings but it was before 11 am so I was not able to have those.  I picked Cole slaw instead.  My man stayed traditional and went with their burger and macaroni salad. He wanted french fries but again being before 11 the fryer was not turned on.  This made us a bit sad.  The service was pretty fast and the drink were there within a flash.  The rye bread of my pastrami was so fresh I could have sworn that it was just baked in the back upon my order.  I was not a fan of their Slaw, but then again my favorite slaw is KFC so I am not a great judge on that one.  The hamburger was nice large and juicy.  We were both stuffed when we left.  Our service was good. We would both go back again but it will have to be after 11 am! Thanks DZ!
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,5/28/2014,1265,767,11,19,15>Absolutely divine dining experience here.I came to wine and dine and very good friend on his birthday. It was my first visit myself, and he said "are you sure you want to take me somewhere you have never been?" I think he thought it was risky. But yes, I did. the overall yelp ratings and photos do not lie; this is a place to impress people. I was confident of that."Rustic and decadent" are perfect descriptors for blue ribbon rustic. Dont come here for a 'light meal." If you are... you are not getting the most out of it. come hungry, come without a restricted diet. enjoy. ya know those meals where you cant help but close your eyes as you chew because its just  *t h a t  g o o d* and you want your taste sense heightened? I experienced that here. To me, eating out is an experience and activity, not simply nourishment.My favorite dining companions share my taste, love for new things, and most importantly... SHARING everything. the bday boy stated "I hate brussels sprouts." I gave him some eyes with brows raised and informed him that he probably never had some foodie brussels sprouts. what do you know, we have a convert. our delightful server, Anthony (do request him if available, he was absolutely fantastic and socially enjoyable) came over and nudged me saying "what did you friend say about brussels sprouts? LOOK at that empty plate." heh :)For our meal, a bit of surf and turf was selected: The scallops and New York strip, medium rare. Such succulent, buttery, perfectly cooked scallops. NY strip, perfect medium rare, wonderful cut. Fennel-Potato Gratin... well I'm such a sucker for potatoes and have very high standards in preparation. we found no faults in our meals.food comas ensued.DRINKS: I wasn't highly impressed with the cocktails, though. Our Timmy's Teas were created with completely flat ginger beer and were sent back. I get frustrated because I know most people are not aware of the proper taste of these "mule-like" cocktails and for $10, they should be outstanding...Not sipped in acceptance. I have questioned the carbonation of a lot of establishment's ginger beer and wish there was better quality control...esp for a mellow weekday night, as this was.my friend then got the Blueberry crush (which seemed too sweet) and I got the Chili Margarita (fine, not overly special). I would suggest sticking to the wine menu instead of their cocktails.Overall...fantastic place. They have an amazing happy hour I really want to take advantage of next time. But for what I experienced alone, it was a very good birthday location and made my friend feel quite special. And to that, I truly thank Blue Ribbon.
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/27/2014,213,679,7,18,14>Best restaurant in San Diego in 2013.  No doubt about it.Since everyone else is doing lists of best movies, albums, books, etc., I want to give my Best SD  Restaurant award to Café Chloe.  I think I've been here 6 times this past year with family, with friends, with work contacts.  The menu changes frequently and of course I've liked some dishes better than others.  But for the the quality of the food, the preparation, the innovation, the service, and the wine, no other restaurant can beat Chloe.My wife and I ate at Chloe's right before Christmas, this time at the bar.  The same woman waited on us who waited on us the first time we ate there 30 months ago (and many times in between).  I wish I knew her name.  I love that she is willing to make recommendations on both food and wine.I won't even tell you what i had since it is probably not on the menu anymore.  But that's the point.  Chloe's is where you go to explore, try new dishes, really enjoy a meal.  Actually I will tell you what i had:  an appetizer of grilled potatoes and duck magret and a main course of branzino.  The appetizer was a delightful surprise; the branzino was prepared perfectly.  It was so good, in fact, that it makes the fish I've had at other restaurants this year seem mundane by comparison. The bread pudding is a fixture on the menu.  And with good reason.  Made with croissants and pistachios, it is the best I have ever had.  Anywhere.  Don't miss it.Second place?  Nine-Ten in La Jolla.  yelp.com/biz/nine-ten-la….And the best place for a super informal meal with great food and fun?  Pomegranate on El Cajon.  yelp.com/biz/pomegranate…What are your SD faves for 2013?  Mine is Chloe's.
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2009,6/14/2010,275,64,21,28,23>One of the things I really miss about Manila is the abundance of authentic Filipino. Yes, there are a lot of Filipino restaurants here in San Diego and most of them are really good but there are some dishes that I've been craving for that none of them offer. One example are goat dishes like Pinapaitan and Kilawin. Some of the Filipino joints here actually offer those but I've never found a place that truly captures the authentic taste and flavor of said dishes until I stumbled upon Blitztorte.Like any other Filipino restaurants, you order your food Cafeteria style. The guy behind the counter asked me if I wanted some Pinapaitan. I politely declined because of my previous experiences with this kind of dish. I was thinking, how can this joint be any different from the others. I gave him my order and proceeded to pay for it. That's when he told me that he gave me some Pinapaitan for free so I can try it. That got me a bit excited. He wouldn't have done that if he wasn't so sure of his cooking.After one bite, I instantly became a fan. The Pinapaitan that I got for free tastes exactly the same as my how my Grandfather used to make it! I couldn't believe I was eating authentic Filipino food! Not just Filipino food, Ilocano food! To make the long story short, everything I ordered  (Kilawin, Kaldereta and Pinakbet) was devoured by me and my siblings.I have now found my favorite Filipino restaurant. :-)
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,6/13/2010,251,117,16,15,15>i need only tell you one reason that backs up my five star rating. I am up at my computer at 9am on a SATURDAY, hung-over? OH YOU BETCHA. And for what reason? I want to tell the world how LA FACHADA SH*TS ON ROBERTOS/COTIXAN. I have never, ever, eaten Mexican food like this in America..and I have my Mexican co-worker to thank for it. Last night, I believe I was drunk blabbermouthing how I am a "mexican-korean" (is that even a word? omg..) and they decided to take me to this joint to show me some AUTHENTIC Mexican food. The meats are grilled! They have a huge mound of grilled onions and peppers! The owner is super chill and friendly! My coworker put a pile of grilled onions in a small cup and poured beans into it and told me to eat it. Sounds gross now that I think about it..but it was DELISH! I added some hot sauce to it though and it just turned out way better. I ate a couple tacos..not sure what type of meat but just ask for "low fat" and they will hook you up. There are so many things I can tell you about this place, but you seriously have to go check it out yourself! I would not have remembered what I ate or what this place was even called unless it was for my handy camera..thank the lord. I do hope that I have sufficiently provided enough information for you to divert away from your nearest Robertos or any --ertos for that matter..and if you do end up coming here on your next drunken journey..BEWARE THE HABANERO PEPPERS. These are the orange peppers mixed in with the onions they have in the condiment buffet. But if you are one of those people that want to try things because other people told you not to..then good luck! I wish I had your tolerance to heat haha.
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2010,6/12/2010,422,258,12,16,19>After 5 years of marriage, my wife and I wanted to get a couple more stones added to her wedding ring.  So we went back to our favorite jeweler in San Diego, The Diamond Source.  Even though we hadn't been there in a couple years, they remembered us, and were very helpful in getting us set up with exactly what we were looking for.I had planned to give the new ring set to my wife on our anniversary, which we were celebrating up at Big Bear Lake.  They had some delays, and weren't able to get the ring ready in the time that I needed.  But to make things right, they put the ring in an overnight FedEx, with insurance, and had it sent to my hotel at Big Bear so it would be there the morning of our anniversary.  They really went above and beyond for us.  I recommend them to anyone who is looking for fine jewelry, and want to be treated like a real person, not just a walking wallet or handbag.
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/15/2009,6/11/2010,245,144,41,21,24>Bring headphones or suffer the wrath of what-is-love-baby-don't-hurt me-don't-hurt-me-no-more-wake-me-up-before-you-go-­go-ay-macarena-it-doesn't-matter-if-you're-black-­or-white-you-can't-touch-this-hammer-time-livin'-­la-vida-loca-umbrella-ella-ella-eh-eh-eh.Jesus Christ, already:/ Get a new playlist.
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,6/10/2010,722,527,22,26,24>eh yo. ehhh YO! this place brings the chicaga to the west coast in style....the GRUB:- Italian Beef Sandwhich - the bomb. seriously good... i added Giardiniera peppers, provolone... and more sport peppers on the side...au ju was nice - beef was moist - all around money- home made chips and fries make any meal that much more special- hamburgers are decent sized and come with the works- menu items like the deep dish pizzas... chicago dogs... fire dogs... hot wings... beef ribs... rack of ribs... keep you coming back in...- full bar. nuff said.the JOINT:- i love the hats on the girls... awesome touch- the mural is gangsta... ha! nice.- plenty of seating... very clean and classic red brick- lcds for your viewing pleasure- parking is a challenge in downtown as alwaysthe SQUEEZE:- lunch specials and dinner specials keep this place honest- decent prices for downtwon eats- cash and card accepted- bring quarters for the parking metersFINAL SAY:windy city eats in sunny san diego digs...
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2010,6/9/2010,289,107,43,55,49>My first Murder Mystery Show and wow... Yea, I'm a fan ^_^  After some snafus to use my Groupon for this, I finally got dinner reservations for myself and a friend (and had the luck of another friend managing to get tickets the same night)!  So the three of us put on our dressy casual and pulled together our cover story--because you've gotta have fun with this (note: in the future, I'm dressing up more and playing more exotic characters. I liked my girl tonight, but she wasn't convincing enough to merit suspicion :p)My friend "Alabama" was a hooker-turned-Christian who'd gone straight for her john..."Syler", who was doctor in residence at UCSD... where "Nicole" (myself) met him during my first year of med school on my way to becoming a mortician (and with whom Syler was having a fling, under Bama's nose, although the night was too interesting for us to have to raise that drama for giggles. It was a backup plan, though, in case it had been dull ^_-)Like I said, it was kinda fun to have our own little personalities going in.So a little show background: There is valet parking, AND IT IS VALIDATED, so use it!! Don't be like me and park two blocks away b/c you're feeling too cheap for a valet. The bar rolls. So tip well, 'cos the bar follows you from room to room all night.The beautiful men of San Diego all decided to be Dinner Detective actors. Holy cow. Hey Pete and Jeff... if either of you are single, and reading this, and thought I was cute/funny/smart/not incredibly anti-social or irritating, PM me plskthx?!The food was about the average mass-production meal, tasty and not overdone, but definitely not the highlight of the evening.The highlight was the show. Occasionally contrived but consistently hilarious, the "clues" and plot twists were an amusing level of mind-bending, and everyone (actors included) seemed to enjoy themselves heartily.Highly recommended for groups, or if you don't mind some limelight, even a night out alone. The standard ticket price is comparable to a nice meal out, so if you're looking for something a little far from the norm, I highly recommend checking these guys out. I know I wouldn't mind checking those guys out again myself ;)
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2009,6/8/2010,645,258,17,26,24>Not sure how many of you read antique reviews but here's one for you in case you want something out of the ordinary. We wanted coffee, we went to La Mesa Blvd, it was flag day and we didn't realize a parade was going on. Hula girls were walking down La Mesa Blvd shaking their coconuts like Lola from the Copacabana. I decided to peek inside the antique shops while all the male companions watched the girls shake their tail feathers. Does anyone have any idea how many cute, adorable stores there are on La Mesa Blvd? You have to see it for yourself to appreciate it. I would like to begin with Norma Jean's Antiques. The name itself drew me in as well as knowing I could go hog wild and spend as long as the parade kept passing and dancers, hula girls and parade queens kept the boys occupied. Hey! better for me! Norma Jeans has so many different items ranging from Shabby Chic decor to unusual antique items added with a flair. I loved the canopy over the bed designed from an archway along with a headboard which may have been taken from an old door. They had adorable and funky outdoor decor to add to your garden. I found a three tiered table made from tree limbs that is now sitting on my front porch with pots of flowers. Must I say $20. I also purchased a handmade birdhouse to hang out by the pool. A local designer builds and paints them and sales anywhere from $30 - $150. Of course the more expensive one comes with its own built in jacuzzi & bird bath..aha get it...bird bath....oh...okay...I know...I know...I sometimes get carried away with this. "Tina are you in here, we need to go...I'm hungry" Damn, the parade is over and I gotta go.  If you get a chance check this place out. In fact if you get a chance check out the entire street of La Mesa Blvd.  Antiques, artists, art deco, you name it, you will find it.  It was a day of fun!
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/16/2009,6/7/2010,255,397,18,13,12>We used to be weekly regulars because the sushi was good and the prices were reasonable.Over time the nice wait staff started to seem overwhelmed and the service gotSLOW.They seem to work really hard, so it's not for want of effort, maybe they are just short staffed?After a hiatus patronising other sushi bars we came back tonight and the sushi was tasty but the service wasSLOOOOWERThis was also the night for children who are toddlers and can't stopHOPPINGUP and downand are not well versed in the difference between their OUTSIDE voice and the inside voice.Yes, this is not fine dining, but I don't want to spend lots of money for sushi and feel like I am in Chuckie Cheese (eech)
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,6/6/2010,132,153,15,16,18>Oh Babycakes, where have you been all my life?It was Saturday night, we decided to drive to Hillcrest and try the famous Babycakes for dessert.  After several minutes exploring for parking, I finally snagged a spot near Hotel Hillcrest Inn.  We proceed into the cute little house.  To my surprise the line was not full of cupcake enthusiasts. Once we arrived at the counter, we ordered 5 cupcakes.  We planned to eat one and take the remaining 4 home. We ordered the following cupcakes:* Vanilla Classic* Chocoholic* Pomberry* Pistachio* Mint MarbleThe classic vanilla cupcake exceeded my expectations. It was love as first bite. I was sighing and swooning with every bite. These cupcakes were light, fluffy and very moist.  Its texture was ideal too.  It was not too dense nor overtly fluffy.   The cake to frosting ratio was just perfect.  These little cupcakes were so yummy, after devouring the vanilla cupcake; we could not help eating another immediately.  We reached into our box and proceed to eat the Pomberry cupcake.  I must admit I take great pleasure in watching my hubby swoon over devouring his little pink treat.  It was just priceless.  He enjoyed the cupcakes so much; he was plotting for us to move to Hillcrest to be closer to the bakery.  But thank goodness we have not explored that option.  I don't think my waist line could afford it.It is officially I think I am in love with a bake good product *swoon*.  Follow up...It is has been less then a week since my discovery of Babycakes and I already visited them twice.  Yes, I think it is official I am addicted to them. I need AA for cupcakes. Well long story short, I wanted to surprise my hubby with a box of these goodies for being so sweet.  I swear I think there were tears of joy in his eyes when I present him the box of cupcakes.  He won't admit it, but I know what I saw.Moral of the story:  Cupcakes so good, can make a grown man cry.
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2009,6/4/2010,280,432,28,25,26>How can you not come to a club night that's called Pussy Galore?If you're looking for a sexy kitten to dangle your catnip in front of, this is the place.  Great group of people!  All kinds too.  Gotta hand it to the gays that danced with each other.  There were two bands tonight: first up, The Burning of Rome which were pretty good.  Fun and progressive sound, and the crowd seemed to enjoy them.  Second up was The Drowning Men.  They were really good.  Really unique.I'm drunk and writing this!!!!Okay, so here is where I got annoyed.  You've played your set, now pack your shit and get off the fucking dance floor.  The Whistle is a nice size, but the dance floor is small...sooooo no one is clapping for an encore, and no one is buying your CD...so get off the dance floor!The deejays play an eclectic array of dance music.  Robin even played homage to Michael Jackson with Thriller.  I love the cheesy 60s movies playing in the background.  Tonight it was Matt Helm with Dean Martin...one of the original brat packs.  There is no cover for the night, which is cool.  Beers run you $6 bucks...bottles and drafts.  Full bar but not in the mood for vodka tonight.  My lame friends didn't show, but I met some fun people to hang with.Overall, a fun night at the Whistle.  PG is every 2nd Friday of the month.  South Park is turning into a great alternative to some of the other areas.  Parking is easy, just be respectful of the neighborhoods.
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2008,8/13/2008,722,527,18,16,18>dammit beavis... i hate it when in a previous review for a different burger joint, i was like "(this place) has the BEST BURGER in san diego, hands down...."well, slap my a$$ and call me sally - because dare i say it again:Tioli's has the BEST BURGER in San Diego, HANDS DOWN!the GRUB:- BURGER. AWESOME. NUFF SAID.- seriously, i had the Brie burger with sauteed onions and sauteed mushrooms - insane.- fries were hot and tasty with salt and parmesan cheese- free drink refills- menu had some pretty interesting choices on my "next visit, i'll try" list, including: a jalepeno bureger with nacho cheese and a hashbrown on top of the burger, an ostrich burger, crab cake burger, and a buffalo burger with horseradish.- they have BEER.the JOINT:- old school. pub feel.- street parking.- order first, then brought to your table kind of place.the SQUEEZE:- decent price for an AWESOME burger. that is all.FINAL SAY:eat here. and i said good day.... I SAID GOOD DAY!
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,8/12/2008,166,31,20,23,22>Beautiful picturesque sunset Ice cold Pacifico beer My toes in the sand and a delicious fresh whole grilled fish awaiting my consumption. Ahhhhhh Memories from a distant visit to Sinaloa Mexico that will always be with me. Transported from the pearl of the pacific to Palomor in CV. Lost are the sunset and the sand, traded in for a strip mall location in Chula Vista. I don't think I will ever re-capture the setting, but one thing I can re-capture is the flavor of Sinaloan Style Mariscos (Seafood).When ever you discuss Mariscos, Chula Vista should always be mentioned. Karina's, Hectors, Negro Durazo the list goes on. In my opinion Mariscos Godoy stands above the rest. Walking in on a weekend the scene is live and bustling with live music and a mix of families, couples, and friends having drinks. Flat Screens on the wall tuned into Univision. Service is prompt and friendly. Once you are seated and peruse over the vast options of Mariscos, you are presented with complimentary, house ceviche, thick crispy chips, consomme, and an array of salsas and lime. I ordered what turned out to be a perfect compliment to my ceviche and chips, an ice cold Michelada. A Michelada is a glass of Tecate on the rocks with fresh key lime juice squeezed into it. The glass is then lined with red chili salt. Very refreshing and this is the best version I've had.img.photobucket.com/albu…Looking over the appetizers it's hard to choose but some standouts are the Clam Culichi and the Peppered Shrimp Taco. The Clam Culichi is a large split clam topped with pablona sauce, cream and cheese. Rich and Decadent img.photobucket.com/albu…The peppered shrimp taco is now one of my favorite Tacos. Perfectly tender shrimp topped with crema, cheese, and a very spicy cracked pepper blend. This defiantly brings the heat! img.photobucket.com/albu… The best value and most interesting choice of the day, had to be the $12.99 stuffed Coconut! A coconut stuffed with a ridiculous amount of seafood. The marriage of sweet coco juice, red sauce, avocados, and seafood assortment set off a memorable flavor explosion. img.photobucket.com/albu… The after math! img.photobucket.com/albu…   Roundtrip to Mazatlan $506.00 Per Person Dinner for two at Mariscos Godoy $30.00
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,8/11/2008,350,1084,6,9,9>I've eaten here half a dozen times and have always enjoyed it.  It was a great place to come when my daughter was vegetarian and I treated a friend to lunch here once for her birthday.  I finally broke down and got the Neatloaf because I kept hearing such good things about it and everything wonderful I'd heard was true. Mmmmmmm.  Can't wait to go back and get it again.  The only disappointing time, which wasn't that bad, was the one time I made it there for the brunch, which was somewhat tricky since they don't have it available every Sunday.  I was looking forward to an all-you-can-eat of a wide variety of their items only to find out it was just eggs, French toast, tortillas, beans,"sausage",  I don't remember what all else but certainly no Neatloaf or other non-breakfast fare.  The quality was just average, not wonderful.  For the price I felt like I would have done better elsewhere--though I might not have eaten as healthily.The service has always been friendly and sincere and I love the soothing decor.  We would usually combine eating here with a trip to the Prince and the Pauper children's Book Store but I think it may have closed unfortunately.
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/11/2008,8/10/2008,32,20,8,8,8>I like Pokez. I'm not going to lie though, the very first time I ate here, i thought it was similar to a bunch of restaurants i had eaten at in SF where the restaurant owner only hires felons who have been recently released from jail since finding work is hard for them. I didn't think of this as a negative thing, but it was my honest first impression of the place. The food is good. I have had better Mexican food obviously, duh, I live in San Diego, but i have definitely had worse. (aka: Santana's) The ambiance of the place is really obscure and you can spend the entire time looking at things while you wait for your food... for about 40 minutes. Whenever I come here, I know what I am in for. I know that I will get bad service. I know that I will wait forever for my food. I have given up on it. It is kind of annoying though when you have to remind your server three times for your drink. (which I have done on a few occasions)This is the kind of place where you should eat if you are having dinner with a friend you haven't seen in a while. You guys can catch up and talk while you wait forever for your server to greet you, take your order, get your drinks and then get your food. Forget waiting for the bill. Every time I have eaten there I have gone up to the counter and told them that we were leaving and wanted to pay the bill (is this the standard I wonder?)I really enjoy making  to go orders here since i live close by. This is the way to go for sure if you are looking for a good quick bite. The price is right for the food but not the service. I understand that being a hipster means you think you're too cool for school, but come on, you're not.
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2007,8/9/2008,22,16,6,9,8>Scones--4.5 stars. You'll find no better anywhere on the planet, guaranteed. Lots of variety with flavor's du jour--apricot/chocolate chip, pear/walnut, lemon/raspberry, etc. Mmmmmm. Scooooones. Trouble is, their arrival times from the kitchen are spotty. This place could have a line out the door if the scones were let loose on a regular basis.Coffee--3 stars. Peets, Sbux, Santos, all have this place beat but good. The coffee is inconsistent which is why I can't rate Rebecca's higher. They're better than most joint's coffee, so 3 stars.Ambiance--3 stars. Homey, homey, homey. I don't want to have to stick to the chairs though which occasionally happens. Like Lilly the cat? Find her and know that she's old and persnickety and might possibly give you a warning shot. Don't like cats? You won't find Lilly as she's tiny and keeps to herself (unless you're allergic and then you have no choice but to take your stuff to sidewalk seating).Music--4 stars. The music is as inconsistent as the coffee but, just like the coffee, you'll most likely find something to peak your interest that's done well.
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,8/7/2008,645,258,24,20,23>Please read my dedication jingle at the end.Guerlain, Benefit, Versace, Tarte, Juicy, Dior Make-up, candles, cosmetic bags, skincare tools.You name it and you will find it at SephoraIf you want bigger lips try "Lip Fusion" It will make your lips feel like a rubber device without the injections:I dedicate the following jingle to "Lip Fusion" To go with the beat of "I Like Big Butts and I cannot Lie"I LIKE BIG LIPS AND I CANNOT LIESHOP AT SEPHORA TO GET YOUR SUPPLYWITH AN ITTY BITTY DABYOU WILL DEFINITELY LOOK FABAND THOSE LIPS WILL LOOK SO RADTAKE A PART OF THIS FAD..............Remember Lip Fusion is the name.....also.......this is what happens when I've had a long day at work and come home and start sipping champagne.Check out the website:sephora.com/browse/brand…
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2008,8/6/2008,607,243,23,26,20>Shinar is shnazzzzy.It's difficult to get pleased with delivery in San Diego....Pizza? So typicalChinese? Good luck.Liquor? Huh??Shinar's is a one of a kind place that makes fresh specialty pizza, hot sandwiches, subs, salads, pastas, and appetizers along with delivering a pack of Marlboro Lights, a bottle of Grey Goose, a bag of Flaming Hot Cheetos and a Snickers bar.You read correctly: a pizza joint that doubles as a liquor store which DELIVERS beer, liquor, cigarettes, groceries...and of course pizza.Jealous?You should be.
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,8/5/2008,109,41,40,15,21>Lonely? Single? Have trouble meeting new people? Check out the salad bar at Whole Foods! Seriously. Go Monday thru Friday, between 5:30 and 7:30 p.m. The salad bar becomes a singles bar! It's packed with single losers, er sorry, "professionals" who just got off work and don't have shit to eat or anyone to go home to. That's why they can afford to splurge on some organic field greens and cubed tofu for $9 bucks a pound -- it's just like buying dinner for TWO! Except you don't get to bang anyone afterward."Excuse me, can I grab that lemon sesame dressing for you, miss?""Don't you just love the hot bar here? Hey, did they name it after you (wink, wink)?""Hi, I'm Kip. I'm not gay or anything. I just come to Hillcrest for the fresh produce at Whole Foods. And for acupuncture. You have nice eyes."The pick-up lines here are so refreshing! As are the salad bar items. So even if you don't score, you still "score" a healthy meal! You know Plan B woulda included talking into a box and super-sizing it.My only complaint about WF is the eye-gouging prices. I recently dropped $70 bucks on, like, 3 things. And back in the olden days, the salad bar used to cost $4 bucks a pound. Now it's doubled. Which means now I have to give the clerk a down payment, then help sweep the floors and stock some shelves before I can eat.What the hell. Maybe next week I'll compliment Kip's shoelaces and see if I can't get a little hook-up.
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2007,8/4/2008,126,386,14,11,11>This is why you don't live in the burbs.  It's weird in the way your uncle is weird.  You're pretty sure you don't want to live with him, but you're kinda glad he exists.  (Just for the record, I may be that uncle.)If you walk in the door, you'll probably meet Summer, a lovely woman of a different era, old enough for menopause but young enough for pigtails, a former ballerina retaining the aura of a ballerina.  She and her husband Jeff run the place, and I like to think that if Jesus grew up in North Park, he'd come and preach here.Yeah, it's a candy shop, and you can get your Zagnuts and Smarties and Neccos and gummy weirdness.  But the main act is that they show live theater and shows and concerts, which will vary in quality and legitimacy.  If you have written a play and want to see it performed, NPV&CS is a good bet for you, give it a shot.The theater seats about 35.  I saw Tom Brosseau's cd release party here, a wonderful musician, good enough to tour internationally and off-center enough to stop here.  I also saw some community-produced theater which was too unpolished for the tastes of my (now) ex-girlfriend, but if you're looking for community, this is just about the first place to stop.
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,8/3/2008,110,48,7,16,12>i just got back from japan and still find this place absolutely comparable to any of the best ramen stops i enjoyed in tokyo. its legitimacy is proven by the 99% japanese crowd, and it is also the only place i have ever seen stateside that serves okonomiyaki. also, "japanese hamburger" may seem like a disenfranchising thing to order at a traditional japanese restaurant, but you won't be disappointed. their best appetizer is undoubtedly the "geso karaage" but it sells out every day, so good luck getting it. if you are going to order ramen - and you may have to due to the limited after-hours menu - make sure you try the "spicy" flavor.san diego is generally dead after midnight, so knowing that this place is open until 3am on the weekends is an excellent secret. the late-night waiters are hilarious too, and are known to bust into weird song and dance if it's somebody's birthday. if you are going for lunch or early dinner and can't find parking, try their other location (tajima 2), which has the same menu without the crowd, only 3 minutes or so down the road.
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2007,5/13/2007,675,163,49,23,26>Now I've been to my fair share of strip joints.  And every time it goes something like this...1) drink an obscene amount of alcohol2) get talked into going3) go to the den of sin4) get flirted with by the neeked ladies5) piss off all the dudes there 'cuz the neeked ladies wanna dance for meNot this time tho. Yeaaaaaaa!!!!This time I went with a very loud very cute group of eight girls. AKA 'the bridal party'Yes, you guessed it, it was a bachelorette party. The neeked ladies scooped up 'our' bachelorette sat her down on a chair on stage, and they ALL danced for her!!!This is a priceless memory and soooo incredibly funny... I had vodka shooting out of my nose. Oh,  I do need to mention that the alcohol consumption was just as obscene as the times I went with the 'boys'.So I'd like to thank the lovely ladies of Deja Vu for making night ONE of the bachelorette weekend memorable even through the alcohol haze!One tid bit... they don't serve booze here, but there is a bar right next door and the bouncers are really good about all the in-n-outs... Ah ha haahahaaah IN-N-OUTS!! I slay me!!!
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2007,5/12/2007,344,904,7,6,12>I am going to share something personal with you Yelpers, and I do not want you to make fun, because 1. its just not nice 2. you are tempted to since I asked you not to and not doing so will teach you restraint and 3. I will hunt you down and beat you if you do. My moms side of the family is from Nebraska, and I had the fortune of living amidst the corn fields growing up. Yes, you heard right. I went from living in Hong Kong to living in Nebraska. If that won't scar a child I don't know what will. I have blocked out most of Nebraska, for obvious reasons (except those GD Huskers, which my mom insists on updating me on at every turn during college football season), but there are a few lingering memories. One of which is the family gatherings. They took place at our families cabin by the river, the church basement (oh, yes, Nebraska and Catholicism....see, now you finally know what the hell is wrong with me), the local burger joint, Uncle Ray and Aunt Mary Jos backyard etc...The funny thing is they all were exactly the same. Comfy, large tables (mostly picnic tables), plastic table cloths, food, beer and lots of loud talking. This was my one good memory of Nebraska, and I thought I was leaving it in the past.....until I found Pizza Port. There are a few differences, of course. Surfers instead of hicks, micro brews instead of Hamms and Pabst, unique pizza instead of unidentifiable Czech food, swearing instead of praying...but still, that crowded, relaxed, welcoming, fun and casual place to do some good eating and drinking with friendly peopleI have always liked this place. I am pretty sure whether you are from California, Nebraska or wherever it is that affected you as a child, you will like this place too.
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,5/11/2007,353,182,7,3,4>Costco. Simply the happiest place on earth!!!!They have everything you'll ever need in life.I could live in this place. And believe me, I practically do.WHAT DO YOU NEED? WHAT DO YOU NEED?A Churro?Books?An Engagement Ring?Birthday Cakes?A Piano?A Fax Machine?A Car?Peanuts?Condoms?Gasoline?Movies?Furniture?Contact Lenses?Massage Certificates?A Pool Table?A Vending Machine?Artificial Grass?A Violin?Your Tires Rotated?Peanut Butter?YES. Costco's got it all.... and MORE.From the simple things in life, to the more complex.
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2007,5/10/2007,112,158,2,3,4>Impressive layout. I'm surprised not to be able to find better pictures of the decor and design online, it's well done. There were 3 bars and hosts of extremely boring and standard self-proclaimed stars, along with a few really nice people.  The design is really the reason to come see this place, the revolving dividers allow the bar to set different layouts.The beer selection is pretty good, and it's a nice place to kick back with a group of friends, while it seems a bit like "a place to be seen" I wouldn't pick this as a singles destination.Worth the visit. -1 star for last call at 1:15am.  1:15???? seriously?
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2007,5/9/2007,155,232,,9,2>I have been to restaurants that I like better, but for the very unique place that it is, the fact that it opened up shop in my hood and the superb food, atmosphere and level of service they provide, I simply had to uphold the five-star record. The best way I can describe The Linkery is "different". It's so different, in fact, that they'll have to explain how things work around there before you can order. Essentially, the way it works is this: they make their own (positively scrumptious) sausages out of extremely fresh chicken, lamb, beef or pork. Specials vary daily. They get creative with ingredients, i.e. we had two chicken sausages, one with olives and rosemary and the other with cayenne pepper, cilantro and salsa verde. You can order the sausage in several different ways - one at a time, two on a "picnic plate," which comes with cheese, fruit and fresh spinach salad, or you can incorporate the sausage of your choice into one of their sausage-containing entree items. They also have a lovely (albeit pricy for what you get) before-dinner cheese plate with delicious onions cooked in a red wine reduction, in addition to a lovely wine list and very tasty sangria, which they make in-house.Though the food an atmosphere are excellent, I think what I like the most about The Linkery is the great neighborhood vibe and their very obvious desire to have customers leave totally satisfied. While we were there at least five people came to our table (including what we think was a manager) and every single one of them was knowledgable and delightful. And here's the kicker: it's a "non-tipping" restaurant. Yup... you heard me. When you get your bill, that's your bill, and any money left on the table is pooled and donated to charity each month. When I asked our server, Chelsea, whether they got taken care of she explained that they're all paid "a very fair hourly wage." And I don't know whether or not this would work everywhere, but it certainly seems to be working at this place. One thing to remember when you're planning to dine here: go before 6:15 or after 9:30 unless you're okay with waiting for a bit. It's a small place of great popularity and though it's totally worth it, I know not everyone always has the time.
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,5/8/2007,97,117,13,9,7>Forget the zoo, if you want to see some real bears then go to black beach.  Seriously, check the website:  blacksbeach.org Personally, I prefer the other scenery:  scenic hike down, soft sandy beach, cute surfers, gliders in the sky, sunset over the ocean, billion year old cliffside, and so on.  Ahh... life feels so good when you're here. If you're lucky you might catch fraternity hazing in the middle of the night (but you didn't hear that from me.)
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2007,5/7/2007,66,57,3,2,5>I don't think you can ever go wrong with boba. Hell...boba is my best friend. But when you put a boba place in a mall, you have to wonder how are they going to make it as cheesy as possible.The fact that they sell boba and it tastes good is the only positive thing I liked about it. Sorry to the employees, but you're all trying too hard to make people come and sip on...well more like suck hard on  some good boba.  I don't like malls to begin with, but when you have your employees dress like they belong in a Paul Mitchell advertisement,  it's a big let down. Don't hype up yourself in "sex appeal" mode with some lame techno music blasting way too loud. It's just boba, and it's just a mall. Boba doesn't need promotion because it's  already THAT good.Stop with the pretentiousness and get real. Boba is what makes the store cool, not you! The stars are for the boba and the many yummy flavors...otherwise you'd get a 1 star for trying to be too cool. It's not cool.
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2006,5/6/2007,11,11,3,3,5>Pretty darn good Thai food.  There are a couple of other Thai restaurants I can think of that I'd prefer to dine in at in San Diego but this is my standard favorite for take-out.  Thai Time has a lunch special that when taken home, leftovers provide dinner and lunch for the following day- portions are so very generous.  They have yummy vegan food, including a variety of mock meats and tofu (which I recently read is the devil's food and can lead to homosexuality).  The interior decor is a little drab but the nice wait staff make if feel comfy and welcome.  So, the Pro-Choice  tofu and shaggy carpet aside, Thai Time is, well.... pretty. darn. good.
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,12/27/2006,5/5/2007,109,570,2,3,4>ok so usually this place is pretty good.  the sushi is creative, and always delicious.  we went there tonight.but just a warning.  do not order the miso.  it is like three dollars and is about as good as drinking a big gulp of ocean water.  way too salty for me.but the rolls are good here, not traditional, but certainly delicious.  i agree with everyone else that this place is just way too loud.
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2007,5/4/2007,230,224,5,10,7>Wanted to point out an often overlooked aspect of Parkhouse Eatery and that is HAPPY HOUR (ie, cheap dinner and great wine specials). This is a bargain folks, and a delicious one.Went to meet up with some old work friends a Friday or two ago and the 8 of us shared numerous apps and bottles of wine. They start seating at 5pm and I'm not sure how long these half priced appetizer specials go, but find out and take full advantage.We had nibbles of Pan-fried Pork Dumplings, Grilled Pizzetta, Lobster Quesadilla, Crab Cakes,Coconut Curry Shrimp and a couple more that are escaping me. We also had a bottle of Cabernet that was on special from $39 down to $25 or some such crazy thing. We guzzled that down happily along with all of those tasty half-priced apps.Highly recommended for breakfast and lunch too. This place rocks.
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,6/12/2013,585,211,6,16,10>I've always wanted to try kickboxing but actually got hooked after trying out the wide variety of class they offer. I barely started and am seriously in big trouble at work for leaving early to come here all the time. The classes are really fun, the instructors/staff are reallllly talented/caring, and the workouts stay interesting. I'm super beginner at everything and the coaches actually take time to correct and give tips even though I'm probably hopeless haha. I'm more of the yoga/dancer/runner type, but proud to say a recent member to the gym! My favorites are boxing with Calvin, getting in the ring with Danny, and the jiu jitsu classes with Ricky. I really wish I'd get to check out Muay Thai, but the classes are just too early :(
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,6/9/2013,645,258,10,12,11>Spiked Africa's? I honestly thought we were going to a place that resembled a Country Safari....Boy! was I mistaken! andWow! was it great!Service was beyond exceptional and I liked the way Joe, the manager made his way around to introduce himself and talk a little about the restaurant.  He wasn't one of those people who interrupts himself and barges in.  He gradually enters into the conversation and is very pleasant to be around. :)Everything that was recommended to us we loved.First on our list were drinksSpike Pear Gimlets ***** Can't say enough great things about this drink.Stella Artois Pale Lager ***** : )Next:Clam Chowder  *****  Best everRoasted Garlic Bread ***** Melts in your mouthNext:Fresh Fish Ceviche ***** Nice crisp tasteGrilled Globe Artichoke ***** Cooked perfectlyLast:Habanero  coconut chocolate bites***** This you will have to see to believeButterscotch pudding ***** :)Only thing  left to say is:WHEN ARE WE GOING BACK?
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,6/8/2013,245,33,12,9,7>It is sad to me, as the token Asian who was born and raised in LKSD, it had taken me three long years to come and check this place out.  When I did, boy was I sure proud to be a Lakesidian.As I was leaving Barona from a mini staycation, The Mister and I were pondering where the hell we should eat.  I mentioned a few places I used to frequent as I was homegrown Lakesidian... I take out my trusty Yelp App.Well, what do ya know?  Eastbound shows up... to be fair, I may be a bit biased on this restaurant.  The kids I grew up with opened this place.  Stayed true to their roots, and even got second runner up in the annual SD burger competition (behind Slater's 50/50... Which is overrated as fuck).As we were walking in, there was a chalkboard with the daily specials.  "Omelette" was spelled "Omlette"... Yessir!  I definitely knew I was home.  We were seated promptly and the waitress asked for our names.  Classy.  We were referred by our names for the rest of the time there (from people who weren't our server).  It was awkward, but definitely payback for every single time I referred to somebody by their name when they're wearing a name tag (which is all of the damn time).  Not sure it was for me, but it was a nice touch.  Usually I'm referred to as, "That Bitch"... Stepping up in the world.Now to the food.  The Boyfriend got the bacon burger and I got the corned beef sandwich.  My Boyfriend had to unhinge his jaw to even fit it into his mouth.  Since I swapped out my rye bread for their torpedo shaped french roll, the Boyfriend had a nice time watching me eat tube shaped foods.The fries were nice and crispy and accompanied with some kind of thousand island dressing as an alternative to ketchup, though they still served ketchup.  They don't think their food is too good for ketchup.*Narrows eyes at Craft and Commerce*They had catchy names such as "The East-Pounder" and "Lake-Sliders".  Flipping adorable.  I'm a sucker for play on words.As far as kids being allowed in there, I'm mixed on that.  I'm a foul Pirate Hooker and I was the "Good Girl" growing up in LKSD... Think about it.  Though I wouldn't take my own child there, to each their own.  I imagine the parents who would take their kids to that loud, abrasive-type atmosphere's famous last words before they die would be something like, "Hey guys, look what I can do!... LFFL!"Ah, and the Bloody Mary's... they were spicy, they were good, and they came with beef jerky... a LKSD staple.  It wasn't no BS Slim Jim... This jerky was legit, like Jack's Link or something.  Classing up LKSD one processed beef product at a time.  I can dig it.Jokes aside, this really is a cool place to stop and grab a bite.  Unless I was still trapped in LKSD, I wouldn't imagine I would make it my local watering hole, but I would certainly leave my house to go somewhere that felt like home.Keep up the good work, ya hear?  Oh, and on the ticket, my name was spelled "Kristine"... It's "Christine"... Follower of Christ and shit (I'm Buddhist, thanks mom... She clearly didn't look up the definition of my name), not "Kristine" the meth head.  But The Mister and I had a good chuckle about it.
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,6/7/2013,741,244,7,13,10>You will fall in love with the little Restaurant and the wonderful staff and owners.  This will be a place you will come back to over and over again and leave with a great dining experience. Pretty much when you walk in it's like getting a big hug.  The food and wine is amazing and legit.   Try the Prosciutto app with the cheese....Wow!  Last time I visited it was late and they were closing but when they saw us at the door Christina (Server) rushed over and said No...please come in.    The woman that owns the place (she's so adorable) came over and greeted us with a warm heart and smile. Say Hi to me if you see me there =)
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,6/6/2013,708,836,2,9,4>The Red Door has easily become one of my favorite restaurants in San Diego. It is a great place to take a date - it won't break the bank and it has a cozy, comfortable, "homey" atmosphere. Service was fantastic. Our server was attentive but never hovered. My husband and I shared the cheese plate. We loved the selection and especially liked the homemade jam. Flatbread was also really good. Mary's Honey Glazed Duck Leg was so flavorful, very decadent but surprisingly did not feel like too heavy of a meal. It's not often I will comment on the iced tea at a restaurant but they serve this black currant iced tea that is a notch above the average. Loved it. I would love to come back here for lunch or breakfast/brunch.
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,6/5/2013,163,402,20,19,15>Twas the night before ChristmasReservations were madeFor a ride to the airport The very next day.I in my pjs and the boyWith wolves on his sweaterHad just settled downIn the brisk San Diego weather.When all of a suddenFrom the bedroom I flewCursing and flailingNot knowing what to do.The reservation was actuallySet an hour too lateWith no ride to the airport,We knew not our fate.I called late that evening,Poor Doug was sleepingHis phone set to silentAnd not even peepingThe message was leftIn his voicemail with careIn hopes that it reached him,The suspense I could not bear.That morning a text came,I read it with gleeDoug could come earlyAt 4:43.He was timely and kindOn that cold Christmas dayWe were thankful and gratefulFor a ride, anything we would payIt was only 20 dollars,A bargain indeedDoug is amazing,The only driver you'll need!
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,6/4/2013,119,190,4,11,6>This stretch of the Avenue has needed Sycamore Den for a long time. Craft cocktails and an extensive array of craft beers on tap demand attention of both the seasoned and once-in-a-while bar goer alike, but the real beauty of Sycamore Den lies in the ambiance of this Retro Dad hangout. Wood paneled walls adorned with 19th century era hunting guns, yellow tinged glass partitions separating well worn leather booths, petrified wood tables, a cigarette vending machine (non-operational, per the laws of the Republic of California). Your dad and mine probably drank PBR and JD in a version of bar not dissimilar to Sycamore Den in the 1970's. And now the creator of Sycamore Den extends the same opportunity to you. Admittedly, I was surprised to learn that the man behind the curtain is non other than Nick Zanoni, owner of infamous Thrusters in PB. But after meeting the robustly bearded Mr. Zanoni and hearing him spell out his vision for Sycamore Den I quickly became convinced of not only his credibility, but the fact that this bar is a labor of love for the dad of two. Case in point: on a very busy Sunday afternoon I watched a man with a towel wipe tables down, pick up glassware and attend to other menial tasks. But there was something careful and intentional about the way he went about these lowly bar duties. A labor of love, clearly. "You're the owner, aren't you?" I asked him when he cleared our table. "Yes, I am." And then he explained how he developed the idea for Sycamore Den after becoming a dad himself, reflecting on the nostalgia he held for 1970's mustachioed dads and their ashtray-laden establishments. That vibe is immediately present and well executed (minus the cigarette smoke) in a neighborhood place that perhaps our own children will someday visit with nostalgia themselves. "When our parents lived in Normal Heights, they drank here..."
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,6/3/2013,677,365,5,8,5>After a 17 mile run, a burnt brick with seagull poop would taste good for lunch but luckily I had the chance to check out one of my friends self proclaimed "best burger in SD", the Whisknladle burger.  Let's just say birds from a feather flock together cuz he has some very good taste buds.  Now it wasn't on the brunch menu but I asked the server if they kitchen could make it and he gladly said, "hell funking yah!"  Bacon and eggs on a burger isn't the most original of ideas but eating it outside with crisp cucumber water and great friends is easily a ten star experience.  I guarantee after the oohs, aahs, and Iphone photo snap shots, all you'll hear is the symphony of chewing and biting!
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,6/2/2013,592,463,4,6,5>Not only is the food well-crafted and more like art than food, but the restaurant is absolutely adorable and the staff is super friendly. They have their own garden and use what they grow in their dishes. The food is American-French and they do this style perfectly. The charming decor and ambiance makes this the perfect place for a relaxing brunch and complements the style of the food nicely. I will definitely be back. FOOOODSSS:*crab cake benedict: the crab in this benedict tasted sooo good. It takes like possibly they grill it...not sure. It has large chunks of crab meat and isn't formed into an unidentifiable crabcake mass. DELCIOUS. Also, it comes smothered in some of the best hollandaise I've ever had. The flaky rosemary biscuit that it came on really made the dish. No standard English muffin here. *salmon benedict: plenty of salmon, plus all of the deliciousness of the crab cake benedict*juice: they have a daily juice! So awesome. When we went it was mixed berry ginger. It had muddled blackberries and whole blueberries. Soooo good. *hot sauce: When we went they had hot sauce that they made with the peppers they grow in their garden. Delicious.
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,6/1/2013,292,139,4,9,6>My friend and I came here on Tuesday, 6/26/2012 because I had a certificate here. The atmosphere was quite romantic with the dim lighting, which might be a bit odd for some friends so it's something to keep in mind. The only issue I found that the tables were cramped like sardines in a can. It didn't feel very private that I could hear the tables next to us talking even though they were trying to speak quietly. My friend and I were trying to avoid from overhearing them, but it was kind of hard considering they were only a foot or two away. On the other hand, the decor was pretty and we both liked the glass walls to look out into down town. Also, the hostess and server were very friendly.Notes: It's good to take advantage of the valet. It's $15-20 depending on the day and hour but they get your car ridiculously fast since they run to your car to get it to you and you'll pay that amount parking downtown anyways. Plus if you have a date, why make them walk in heels? Plus valet is open for quite some time and that can give you some time to relax or walk around downtown without worries as well.There was a selection of quite a few oysters that day and the server seemed quite knowledgeable on where the oysters were from, the size, texture, and flavor of each. The oysters came on a bed of ice served with two sauces: a cocktail sauce with some horseradish in it and then this interesting but good sherry vinegar sauce with minced shallots. I really enjoyed the crab cake appetizer because it was made of crab with very little breading. Also the minced green onion added a nice texture to it. There were two sauces that came with the crab cake. One was delicious and packed with flavor and the other was a tartar sauce that was nothing to write home about.The scallops were large and perfectly cooked. The texture was amazing and it was complimented by a tasty and creamy risotto and this tasty green sauce. The perfectly cooked sea bass was amazing as well. It was buttery and delicious and complimented by perfectly cooked bok choy and mushrooms and a yummy green sauce.Overall, it was a bit of a romantic setting, but who cares! Delicious food, good service, and great atmosphere. There is not much you can ask for from this place: nice upscale seafood dining in downtown. Although Prime Seafood is not well known as the steak house, I think this is on my list of great upscale seafood dining in downtown San Diego. I can't wait to come back again.
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/4/2008,12/27/2008,245,144,27,19,16>A gay-straight club for a straight woman promises the prospect of a carefree, grope-free night. At no time will she experience the unfortunately casual graze of an uninvited hand or half-mast penis that she'd likely encounter elsewhere. A gay-straight club for a straight man, on the other hand, is a coup d'état  of conspiratory gay men who seek to overthrow the heterosexual inclinations of said straight man. At no time should he leave his ass unattended for he is both predator and prey (my epitome-of-straight date had his ass accosted more than 30 times in ONE night).As a caution, don't take a [good-looking] straight male date to Universal unless you want a battle on the dance floor. And no, I don't mean the fierce dance-off kind. I mean, unless you're into that..  Herein lies the moral: 1. Men are pigs regardless of their sexuality. For some reason, I find that refreshing.2. That stereotype about gay men loving anything on the Madonna/Cher circuit is, at the very least, partially true if you rely on Universal's playlist. Let's work on that..
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,12/26/2008,197,156,20,18,17>Finally got to try this place after hearing a lot about it.  Hanging out with a bunch of friends trying to start a key-party, I was failing miserably and we were all a little hungy hungy, so my buddies wife got on the intarnats and went to a website called yelp.com!  She started reading up on this place and it had rave reviews, so we dialed up one of them big van taxi's and were off.  The place is pretty non-discreet from the outside, its right across from the Seville Theatre if you're looking for landmarks, I am a man who likes sports & beer so I don't know where any theatre's are located normally.  We went in and found the place to be small & packed, there were about 10 of us and we all wanted to sit together but there were no tables big enough, so the staff opened up the "back room", which is actually just the adjoining coffeehouse that is owned by the same people, we felt pretty speshul sitting back there and I was able to take my pants off and not feel weird about it.  The waitresses were awesome, one of them was sorta short and super hot, she gave me mega-supreme-deluxe bon*rs #1, I normally wouldn't mention the staff's looks but she was really, really good, so saying that she gave me mega-supreme-deluxe bon*rs #1 is all gravy.  We ordered a few bottles of house sake and then a whole bunch of beers, we boozed pretty heavily and the waitresses continued to be super friendly and helpful.  We ordered a lot of food, the rolls that stood out were the Cabo & GFR, really fresh and tasty, everything was good but these 2 are the only ones I remembered because they were my faves.  We all stuffed our filthy faces and had enough alcohol to last a lifetime, when the bill came we were all shocked, the damage on the wallet was minimal, couldn't have been happier.  Oh, and did I mention that there was a dj there?  I dunno if that is only on Saturday's or what, but he was spinning some sweet 80's & 90's hits, just made the whole experience that much better.  Amazing service, great food and you wont go bankrupt, def. cant wait to go back and I suggest you all do the same if you're yearning for some sushi.
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/23/2008,12/25/2008,185,61,8,12,10>I really like the 91x morning show.  I think what they do with it is creative and entertaining.  Beer for breakfast, come on... everyone wants that!  The pop trash is always entertaining... I mean, come on, I found out this morning that Gary Busey snorted coke off of his dog.  Now that's entertainment.  And of course, have to give props to Fallbrook and Yelp's local celebrity, Ruggy, for popping in on Fridays.However, the reason I am giving it only three out of five stars is because I don't get to hear them enough in the morning.  If you are going to play music, play music... if you are going to talk, then talk.  I have a twenty minute drive to work, and am lucky if I hear a talk bit twice.  TWICE!  That's disappointing and either has me scanning the radio for something else to fill the commercial gaps, or giving up and plugging in my ipod.  So please, if you are going to have a morning talk show... talk!
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,12/24/2008,281,330,12,21,20>One-third of the planet eats with a fork, one-third with chopsticks, and one-third with their hands. At Muzita, you will join this last (but never least) third.This "Abyssinian bistro" (the chef is Eritrean, but they decided to use the term to encompass the regional style, which includes Ethiopia) is built into a cozy cottage on the University Heights strip. (Note: I like the trend of naming cuisines after long declined empires... it's very retro. "Hey, let's go to that new Ottoman place all the movie stars are talking about!" "What do you feel like tonight, hon-- Byzantine or Mughal?")I had eaten Ethiopian food before, so I knew what to expect: lots of little piles of exquisitely-seasoned dishes, served family-style on a huge platter, which you eat by tearing off pieces of injera (spongy pancake-like bread) and pinching a morsel from the little piles between your fingers. It is decorated and lit warmly, with soft lights and beige walls and dark-stained wood accents.We were a party of eight, and we just fit into the largest wooden table in the back of the restaurant. The only other space large enough for our size party is outside on the patio. Everyone in our party was svelte, but I fear any larger-framed folks would be uncomfortable in this particular corner table.We had multiple staff people come our table throughout the evening. One of the owners asked if we had eaten Ethiopian before, and spent about 15 minutes explaining each of the items on the menu (even though there were ample descriptions on the cork-bound menus). Most of us tuned out after the first few minutes. But he was enthusiastic and proud so I didn't fault him for it.After the recitation and buildup, which had me guessing and admittedly a bit confused (was I THAT WRONG about this cuisine?), we were served: lots of little piles of exquisitely-seasoned dishes served family-style on a huge platter, which we ate by tearing off pieces of injera and pinching a morsel from the little piles between our fingers. Everything was tasty and reasonably-priced. It's great to see such ambitious and bold restaurateurs trying out new concepts and helping to make San Diego a world-class eating town!=== Tips for YOU ===- Take a date/significant other here. Eating with your hands is a very sensual experience. That plus the ambiance make this a GREAT romantic experience.- Low corkage fee!- If you're into the spicy, ask for a side of the homemeade spicy sauce. It's got quite a kick!- Try the lentil appetizer-- the Ethiopian version of chips and salsa, made with housemade toasted injera chips and a mild delicious pureed lentil dip=== Tips for OWNERS ===- Overly chatty (but friendly) staff could ease up. I'm sure they're just excited for their new place and will mellow out when they hit their stride.- The window sill at the large table stuck into my lower back. (Maybe add some cushions to the benches?)- Menu organization was confusing: small plates, large plates, side dishes, etc. but it was still served up in the traditional family style. (?)
<review# 2561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2008,12/23/2008,109,41,20,39,43>So. Yeah. Hold onto your butts for this one. And check the crass, comedic feedback at the front gate. Please. I did. Reviewing a cemetery is morbid, huh? I know. But, I figured, if a site like Yelp can be everything else -- hilarious, raunchy, balls-out, no holds barred, painfully honest, sweet, meaningful, shallow, unfair, overly critical, overly complimentary, and every adjective in between -- no reason not to yelp about the morbid, yes?I mean, to be blunt, death -- while unbearably painful when it knocks on the door of someone we love -- is a fact of life that will knock on all our doors eventually. And, although unpleasant to think of it in this manner, death is also a business. One where it is unacceptable to have unhappy customers --  as dealing with the actual lost loved one, then his or her family, requires ultimate sensitivity and professionalism.The staff of El Camino Memorial excels at these rare, necessary skills.Four years ago this week, my dad, a true superhero if ever one lived, got very sick -- very quickly. From the day he felt too sick to go to work (the first day he ever called in sick in all his 61 years of life), to the day he died, was a span of 5 weeks. That's it -- 5 weeks.Much too late, my dad was diagnosed with a rare disease called amyloidosis, which doctors think he lived with for up to 10 years without knowing it. He lived so healthfully, they think, that he never showed the usual symptoms that could've saved his life had it been caught years earlier. Google amyloidosis sometime.My dad left behind an incredible, loving wife to whom he was happily married for 39 years (my mom of course), six gorgeous daughters (of which I am one of course), and a son. And yes, we are Catholic. :)His sudden, unfair departure shocked us all to our very cores and shattered our hearts. Made us furious.I go to El Camino Memorial a few times a year to visit my dad's grave. It is at the top edge of a rolling hill that overlooks a lush, meticulously manicured green meadow marked by proud, swaying trees. There is always a gentle breeze, and, even on days with the most overcast marine layer hovering, the sun always peeks out by the time I arrive. I like to think my dad orders the sun up special, just for me.After the initial stab to the heart that seeing my own last name on a cold slab of stone always creates, I always find peace visiting my dad here. I think back to four years ago -- the worst week of my life -- that was made bearable by dealing with the professionals at El Camino who understood our devastation and made it easy for my mom and me to make the soul-numbing arrangements of burying my dad here. You all know how I detest cliches, but it was a beautiful service.Four years go by in a heartbeat. Trust me. So, next time you get the chance, hug your dads if you're still lucky enough to have them around.And I do apologize to anyone  who was expecting the usual acidic, sarcastic, F-bomb-laden reviews from ol' Avery -- and to anyone who is now balling and cursing me for ruining their evening.I get all these traits from my dad, btw. He was one helluva writer.How about if I promise to follow this up with a raunchy review of the buffet at Pure Platinum? Will that balance this heavy shit out a bit?Thanks for enduring this much-needed cathartic review of morbid.
<review# 2562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2008,12/22/2008,280,432,17,12,14>There are times when you just have to say, "WTF" and break down and eat here.  I had students working today, so I took them here for lunch.Me - Double-Double, animal style fries, soda.They - #2The food here is consistently good.  One of the reasons I don't come here is because I don't like the seating...there's never enough.  So here we were, circling around like sharks.  I kept humming the Jaws theme because I felt like I was stalking some poor innocent family.  I'm not one to hover, but when I'm hungry it's every man, woman, and child for themselves."Oh good, I think that Asian family is leaving." I said.So naturally I went to ask them, but I saw out of the corner of my eye that this parent made his two little girls walk toward the table.  I seriously didn't know what he was thinking.  I was not about to let these little girls take our table and if they did, yeah, I would have been an ass.  What kind of parent does that?  He did look over our way after we sat down, but he had dark glasses on.Student #1: "Mr. H, he's mad dogging you."Me: "If he want's to come over here and start something, I'll cut'em!" (evil laughter)Student #2: "MR. H!!!!"Me: "Oh right, like I'd really do that.  Can you just see the evening news now, 'Popular high school teacher arrested for assault.'" (yeah, I'm popular)Student #1: "It be more like, 'Fat Asian teacher takes table from poor little white kids.'"It was great to let out a good laugh.  The family next to us talked so loud, we stopped talking to listen to their conversation.  Then they got quiet.  (more laughter) Again, not enough seats, seats too close.This is a great place to watch humans in action.  As we were finishing up, Jaws came by and waited.  As soon as we stood up, she bee-lined to our table.  I thought she was gonna knock down my kids.We laughed some more.
<review# 2563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/21/2008,29,9,13,10,10>cafe noir, how do i love thee? let me count the ways:1. $2 beers in a bucket. perfect for a guy or gal on a budget. its a crunch, everyone's feeling it. you also have the usual suspects available for  big spenders.2. plenty of outdoor seating. key to enjoying those $2 beers on a sun-fillled day  3. instead of a soup of the day, you offer a mac & cheese du jour. your pesto mac & cheese is so good that i want to walk you home from school and carry your books while i sheepishly ask if you want to go see a movie this weekend. ill even pass you notes in class. the note will simply read "do you like me - circle yes or no".  i hope you circle yes.4. your pulled pork sandwich. on Hawaiian bread. with pineapple taboot. your such a tease.5. the poetry & haikus written on your walls. although the haiku's sound like they were written by some bourgeois dropouts who do so many bags of shrooms that they become forest discharge...they are entertaining to say the least. 6. your unique decor and the sheer hangoutablity of the place. situated amongst skyscrapers and cookie cutter condos when bang! i see you in all your glory and feel like all is right in the crazy foresaken world.7. last but certainly not least, your backyard treehouse lounge. once i discovered this treasure i was like a fat kid that just got given a sparkler! i could hardly believe my eyes... tree swings, city views from atop the patio , foliage aplenty...my own private urban oasis. i have arrived! i look forward to falling more in love with you my fair lady...
<review# 2564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2008,12/20/2008,46,47,15,10,10>Do you get kind of embarrassed when reading stuffwhitepeoplelike.org because you see a little bit of the post in you? If so, this is the small market place for you. The deli section is always fresh and the sandwiches are really great, and really well put together. I've never had a chunk of roast beef fall out when I'm eating it which is great. They've got both Kettle Chips and Dirty Chips! Oh dang! The really great thing about this place is the selection of unusual cola's and root beer. I work down the street and I always pop in before hand to get a couple different ones to sample. I think the Frosty Root Beer is the best. They also have a nice selection of wine, cheese and a solid, if unremarkable selection of beer. It's like if a "White Person" had a dream about their ideal corner store, except they didn't sell cigarettes, but had a deli. Well worth the trip to South Park if you aren't local. Service is helpful, friendly and efficient so tip 'em well!
<review# 2565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,12/19/2008,113,52,34,19,16>I'm disease free!Not that I thought I had anything sketchy, but being a responsible sort-of adult type person who does get downnnn once a year or so, I try to go get checked regularly, and you should too, being safe IS cool kids.  I've been going to PP for years, and I'm safer, healthier, and more assured because of it.The place is clean, professional, non-judgemental, and FREE (for me at least, I think they use a sliding scale for payments or something, so maybe if you're a millionaire they might charge you)Plus, any boy or girl you meet there you KNOW is downnnn to F***, so your chances of getting some on a date are real swell.  Kidding...sort of...wait what? HA!  No really though I'm kidding....But seriously, if you like to partake in the glorious sport of sex or like to make love, or do a little just the tip or just want to pee in a cup and feel the warmth, go git yer sh** checked out.  Remember when they said Crack Is Whack?  Well, The Clap Is Whack too.  I'm good to play this season coach, put me in the game!
<review# 2566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,12/18/2008,187,162,10,11,11>I totally love this place. I mean, I totally love ice cream. And the couple that runs the place is fab. Last time I went in with the bf he noticed a sign for a "big event" on November 22. We asked about it and were told, "It's a surprise." So we came back, with Kim D.And there was a band playing on the roof! And of course, there was ice cream. Today, I resisted the urge to get one of my usual favorites, Mexican Chocolate or Nuez (vanilla and walnuts), and went with  Strawberry. It was good. ALL of their flavors are good, because all of the ice cream is made right there in the shop with all the love those two old hippies can put into it.Tasty! And a really great, community oriented place. Plus, rooftop concert? How cool is that? While some climbed a ladder in the back to get a front row seat on the roof, we went across to Smitty's Service to eat our cones and listen to The Baja Bugs, a Beatles cover band, play from the roof that Mariposa shares with Mama Mia. Apparently they alternated sets with the Dave Humphries Band. There were kids on bicycles and old toothless people dancing . . . plenty of characters. As we were leaving a cop showed up, and soon we saw the owner head up the ladder. However, even after that, they started another song. They were sticking it to the man, apparently. Pretty cool.But not as cool as the ice cream.
<review# 2567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,8/20/2014,95,183,5,10,5>Ah, how long I have been waiting to try out OB Noodle's new location on Niagara.Let me start by saying my experience today was good. The vibe of this place was chill, the service was friendly, and the location is great (especially with the parking lot out back). They only just opened on Mother's Day, so there were some minor quirks here and there that are common to any restaurant during their first week of operation, but I'm sure this will soon be an awesome place to hang out like Cable St... just in its own way.I was really glad to find that their patio is alcohol friendly. You will recall that the other location can only serve drinks indoors (I believe restaurants in SD can only serve alcoholic drinks outside if their patio is enclosed with some kind of fencing or enclosure, but this may vary by location and liquor license). Outside area is also very welcoming for dogs. Always a plus in my book.I'm struggling to find parallels with this location and the other one. I know I shouldn't compare them, but if they're going to be called the same thing, they should have some elements to tie it all together aside from the food, right? Maybe? Examples... the decor, the music, and the staff uniforms here have an actual theme: suspenders and folk music. Don't get me wrong, I was digging it after a while, but it took some getting used to because the other spot (there I go again) is very laid back and casual: waitstaff in their regular clothes, music of all genres, service is informal, there's no particular theme... it was just OB Noodle House. Hey, do you wanna go to OB Noodle House? Sure, why not. That kinda thing. This new place is postured to be a bit more cleancut... and uniform... and spread out. Reminded me a bit of Mother's down the street (also a very cool bar, definitely check it out). I almost felt like Asian fusion wasn't the appropriate food for the vibe that everything else was putting out.But alas, the Chicken Lettuce Wraps. Extraordinary. I'd order two as an entree, they are THAT good. I'm disappointed to say that the pho left much to be desired, but I'm hoping I can chalk that up to a Week One mistake. Tried the Rare Steak Pho and there was barely any broth. A travesty. Noodle to broth ratio is very important for a good bowl of pho--I got enough noodles for almost 2 bowls. Veggies were fresh, broth was decent, but we were served only one lime. After asking for more limes, we got old bar limes that just couldn't cut it (and we didn't even order drinks this particular visit). Again, a mistake that I'm sure will iron itself out with time as the new staff learns and they weed out the ones that aren't of OB Noodle caliber.Mediocre pho and dorky uniforms aside, I will certainly come back. It was like a totally new restaurant compared to the Cable Street location, and it was neat to finally see what would fill The Blue Parrot's place (this is a vast improvement). Probably a 3.5 star as it stands today, but I give it 4 stars because I know good things are to come. As this place matures, I'm sure it will have its own unique charm as does Cable Street, and I look forward to revisiting this review a year from now. Cheers.
<review# 2568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,8/19/2014,432,198,9,10,8>Came here after the gym, pretty hungry. We ordered all kinds of food:Buddha Bowl(big serving): 2 choices of meat,  red rice and two eggs. I went with chicken sisig, spicy longanisa and my eggs over easy(best way to have them)805 S burrito: choice of meat,egg,and a lumpia!  Kinda like a 2-in-1 burrito. But with the islander, Asian twist Buddha fries: 2 choices of meat, cabbage slaw over Cajun fries. Half & Half: choice of meat, red rice and an egg. (small order)They have a great selection of foods on their menu. Came here hungry, left really happy to eat and went to work with longanisa burps! Y'all pinoy yelpers know about them burps! On top of all that food they have, MJs also has yogurt!!  Gotta comeback to try that... And one of their many other food combinations. Definitely will be back.
<review# 2569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,8/18/2014,382,203,10,7,7>Chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate... Yum, me, the wife, and few awesome friends came here to have some desserts and OMG I was lightheaded bc the amount of goodness my brain had to translate from eating at this place. hehe seriously though its deliciously yummy. So my wife kept asking me to go there, and I kept ignoring her. Because i swear from the way she was explaining it to me, it sounded like one of those "romantic places" you would take your girl friend or boy friend too (which is totally fine) So I kinda never really came. But, once she mentioned they have double chocolate double creamy mousse cakes I had to come... The place is a little too small for big guys like myself. Its suppose to be a romantic, classy, fun dessert experience. I guess not everyone comes here with reasons like mine! (= We still managed to fit 6 of us in one of their against the wall tables inside. Oh the bathroom is an issue. They only have one bathroom for the entire place. So, we were able to figure out a system to give us all access to it. We would txt one another after we're done using it, to give someone else access to it. (= just thought I'd share it. My boy thought of it and actually did it...
<review# 2570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/17/2014,212,184,10,10,10>Everthing on their menu is delicious,  my favorite is the crispy tangerine chicken!I gotta say this restaurant hasn't failed me yet, the food is always perfect and their service is outstanding. I mostly like to order my food for take out and have dined there twice. I've yet to try something that doesn't taste good.Highly recommend you try this place out if your in the mood for some Chinese cuisine, their lomein is amazeballs!
<review# 2571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/16/2014,37,348,11,11,10>so far the BEST cupcake place i've been to.  usually babycakes is my favorite because it's good and the cupcakes are huge.  this place does not have huge cupcakes, but they are so good!  the cake batter is very moist.  i had the cupcake with the toasted coconut on top.  so delicious.  moist flavorful cake.  the frosting is like  hybrid of buttercream and cream cheese.  the carrot cake cupcake, also so good.  also the red velvet so good!  i ate the red velvet after it sat in my fridge for 3-4 days and it was still moist and yummy!
<review# 2572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/15/2014,96,176,8,10,7>I have not been to the Prado in many years. A first date suggested it, and I was excited to say yes! The menu is clearly labeled for those of us with gluten free requirements. Plus, we actually have options! I had to think really hard about what I wanted, because they all sounded great!!! I opted for the braised short ribs with horseradish mashed potatoes & asparagus. I was not disappointed. Aside from being positively lovely, it was delicious. Fork-tender, flavorful, perfect portion & preparation. For dessert we got the cream cheese flan. Buy this. Buy it now. No, seriously. But it. I about died from joy. Soooo tasty.
<review# 2573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,8/14/2014,230,319,7,17,11>Came here for happy hour the other day. $1 oysters, oh yeah. My friend and I ordered a dozen, they were gone pretty quickly. Another friend ordered their tri tips with a salad and THAT was a tasty dish. Lucky for us, our friend wasn't very hungry, so we pretty much finished his. Salad was all frisee and arugula with big pieces of bacon on it, yumm. Meat was uber tender and cooked just right, MR. Can't wait to come back and try their brunch everyone raves about. And what a view....WOWZA! All of SD bay. Gorgeous. What a great place to get married...she said! HA!
<review# 2574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,8/13/2014,51,96,12,14,12>Holy Guacamole! This place is the tits. As crude as that sounds, I just want to get across how excited I am about this place. I met my friend here this afternoon. Colorful and rustic decor welcomed me as I walked in. Very neat modern furniture mixed with wood and rod iron and cool lighting...anyway, enough about the ambiance, lets get to the FOOD!I opted for 3 tacos because I was starving! I ordered the carne asada tacos which comes with chopped grilled cactus and a carnitas taco. All the meat is wrapped in a crispy cheese which is fried on the grill. I also chose onion, cilantro, avocado and mango habanero salsa to accompany the large juicy portion of meat that was anxiously awaiting inside the taco.  My first bite was a flavor explosion. The carne asada was perfectly grilled and paired beautifully with the sweet cactus and spicy salsa. The tortillas were fresh and soft and did not fall apart when I made my way through the taco. Perfection. The carnitas were very good as well. I did like the carne asada better only because the flavor of them could actually come through with the spicy mango salsa. The carnitas flavor was overpowered and hid in the background too much for my taste. They also have a cool selection of cane sugar sodas on the machine. This place is a total original. Not only is the food top quality but also extremely affordable. My 3 taco meal with a soda was a little over $10. Not shabby. I already have plans to return tomorrow.
<review# 2575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,8/12/2014,292,139,5,11,6>My friends and I came here a couple of times because I got a deal online. The Hawaiian food here is fresh, tasty, and quite noteworthy! The people are very friendly and the outdoor seating is very nice. The only downturn with eating here is that on a bad day there is very limited indoor seating.Note: The only downturn of the place is that it is cash only!Ahi poke plate: Large chunks of raw tuna covered in a nice soy sauce and sesame sauce and topped with diced green onion. I enjoyed that with the mixed greens salad (spring salad with shredded green and red cabbage, and shredded carrots) with a light dressing. I wish there was a little more rice on the plate to enjoy with the ahi because it was tasty and there was plenty of ahi to go around.Da original bagel: A toasted bagel of your choice (my friend chose an everything bagel) with a tender and juicy sausage, the egg chosen was an over easy egg, diced basil, wilted spinach, melted cheese, and diced green onions. I almost wanted to steal this from my friend because it was so tasty! I regret not ordering this but I didn't make the same mistake twice!Musubi: Six filling pieces of musubi (equivalent to 3 large ones I've seen elsewhere) where the rice sandwiches the grilled seasoned spam and scrambled eggs and that is wrapped in nori. This was very tasty with the spicy mayo sauce (similar to what you see in sushi restaurants). I would recommend trying this!My Kalani: A really tasty and filling dish! This was highly recommended to me by a customer in line. They warned me of how filling it was so I came here and split it with my friend. The kalua pork was tender, savory, juicy, and delicious and the rice was perfectly cooked. We opted to have the eggs sunny side up and they were cooked wonderfully. The juicy sausage was very tasty as well! The mac salad was tasty and not too heavy nor did it have too much mayo. My friend really enjoyed this dish and I can't wait to have it again!Coffee: I wouldn't expect it here but the coffee is pretty tasty! Especially the specialty ones!Overall, the deal brought us there and it's great to have, but I definitely enjoy the place with or without the deal. The food, atmosphere, and service are amazing! I'll definitely be back again!
<review# 2576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,8/11/2014,139,363,5,16,10>Great place for authentic English afternoon tea!We discovered this shoppe on a recent visit to Shakespeare's Pub next door and saw that they serve afternoon tea on a cute outdoor patio. We didn't plan well enough to make a reservation for afternoon but we were able to secure a last minute cream tea reservation. Afternoon tea service is $22.95 per person and includes a pot of tea, a very filling multiple-course meal that includes soup, sandwiches, biscuits, scones, and dessert. Cream tea is only $8.95 per person and includes a large pot of tea and a baked scone with Devon cream and jam.The tea selection is better than I expected, and you're able to smell the tea leaves before you make your selection. The staff are all very nice, and the owner Selina is very friendly. The tea service menu changes monthly. (I took pictures of the menu this month and one next month.) I can already see this becoming a monthly ritual.If you like the tea, scones or pastries, you can buy some to take home too!
<review# 2577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,3/4/2014,497,132,44,33,28>My work schedule is very demanding, so when I do have a free minute i'll either be lazy at home, or i'll walk down to one of my local bars, and be lazy there.I gave House Clean 4 You a try and was glad I did. I came home to a clean house and a peace of mind. I thought they were going to tidy up a few things but they did much more and exceeded my expectations.I had a guest over that night and her first response (after tellling me how coo my hair was, so, second) was, "Your place is soo clean...!"I was like, "Yeah, thats just how I do, gurl..."House Clean 4 You left an impression to say the least...#cleanhouse#fabulosogame
<review# 2578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,3/3/2014,432,198,13,11,9>Maverick: Tower, this is Ghost rider, requesting a plain sandwichAir Boss Johnson: That's a negative Ghost Rider, no plain sandwiches here!That's right, nothing plain about these sandwiches here at Top Bun.To start, you have over 15 sandwiches to choose from! If you feel like creating your own, go right ahead because you have that option to do so as well.The sandwich I had was called The Sapper.Charlie: What's in it?Maverick: Uh, that's classified.Charlie: It's what?Maverick: It's classified. I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you........but I'll tell you anyway.It had Turkey, pastrami, roast beef, bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, mayo on a French Roll.Weird thing is, mines came with all the items listed except Avocado =(And red onions were put in there too. A few mistakes but I was hungry and didn't feel like complaining so I ate my sandwich. It was still pretty good.For $2.50 more you get chips and a drink.*free chocolate chip cookie with every sandwich. (those cookies are super good!!)Friendly staff,  nice decor. (Some of the tables needed to be wiped down)Quick Suggestion: put out little containers for the variety of hot sauces you had out. Didn't want to have to walk back and forth over to the counter for the condiments.Overall, great alternative to those other foot long places.**Another plus: They use Boar's Head meats. Great quality meats!Btw: for all you young bucks reading this review, I was making references to the movie Top Gun. Great movie, check it out!I'd come back.
<review# 2579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,3/2/2014,854,525,7,9,10>Great place to pick up a bouquet when you're on the island. They have a decent variety of beautiful stems and colorful blooms. The gals working there are very helpful and friendly, which is great because I'm usually undecided and not so knowledgeable when it comes to floral arrangements. Just tell them what kind of flowers your special someone likes (which you should already know), or their favorite color(s) and leave the rest in their capable hands.They might be a bit more spendy in comparison to nearby vendors, but the service and quality is worth it. You can try to save a few bucks from the grocery store or even going online, but giving a specially prepared bouquet from CFL to someone and seeing the reaction is just priceless.I should get another bouquet sometime to raise my brownie score. I need moar points.
<review# 2580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,3/1/2014,214,348,5,8,7>I love Cafe Chloe! This is such a cute, quaint, and even a little romantic establishment. I came here a few times and this review is long overdue. Once for restaurant week and I had such a good experience that I came back.. and kept coming back. I really enjoy the ambiance here, such a great atmosphere. I've always received great service and the food is good too. Their steak and frites are yummmmy. Frisee salad is just perfect.. perfect with their poached eggs, perfect with their in-house croutons as well.. so goooood. Also! This is a great place for Sunday brunch.. it's just so chic- I love it.
<review# 2581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,2/28/2014,213,679,5,11,11>Last week I gave the SD Botanic gardens a three-star review.  On Sunday I was jogging in Balboa Park and realized that Balboa Park is in fact a five-star botanical garden.  1.  There's a statue at the Laurel St entrance of Kate Sessions without whom Balboa park and downtown San Diego would be scrubby chaparral. Lots of Yelp love to Kate Sessions for being such a visionary. And for wearing a cool hat.2.  The desert garden is extraordinary.  It's on the east side of Park Drive.  It's old enough that the cactuses (cacti?), palms and other succulents are mature.  If you ever wondered where Dr,. Seuss got the inspiration for the plants in his books, check out the desert garden here.3.  I now realize there are cork oaks in Balboa Park along Balboa Drive on the west side of the 163.But I do wish there were more signs identifying the trees and succulents.
<review# 2582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,2/27/2014,83,105,7,10,9>Wow... Now this is what I call quality, authentic Thai food! This little hole in the wall is awesome! The service is excellent and the food is served on paper plates! I mean come on how much homier can you get then that?I have tried 2 things here so far:Drunken Noodles (Hot)... Let me just say hands down the BEST drunken noodles I have had so far. Now let me warn you their levels (no heat, mild, medium, spicy and extra spicy) of spiciness are no joke! I got spicy because most Thai places I have been to give me a 4 when I ask for a 8. So I went for a spicy and OH MY GAHH was it hot. I was busting a sweat literally. I had to take breaks in between bites. The flavor from what I could taste was excellent! I   also had their Yellow Curry with Chicken. It was really good. Perfect amount of heat and sweetness! I can not stand super sweet curries. The balance of flavors we on point! I would highly recommend any person looking for great Thai food to come here.The only downside is limited seating..Until next time Bahn Thai!!!
<review# 2583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,2/26/2014,65,103,8,11,10>Absolutely awesome place!  Great for a Happy Hour and just as awesome for full dinner sit down!  Amazing fresh seafood.  Truluck's has to be one of the better crab houses around here!  Nicely situated in across the Hyatt hotel where you can park in a covered garage and have the fee validated.  If you are up for it they also provide a nice valet service.Happy hour... did I mention is great!  Very reasonable prices for high quality seafood apps. Their happy hour deal is all half off apps (4:30pm-7:00pm) .  It's not the biggest bar area for HH so there might be a bit of a wait, as this is a popular hot spot for the local business men, but that only fortifies how good their food is.  It will be worth it.  Just come patient and ready to stand around for a bit.  From crab cakes to mussels, to sweet potato fries, and even a chocolate malt cupcake, they will surely have something you will enjoy.  Nice unique cocktail and drink selection is great as well.  They don't skimp on the booze.  You will leave satisfied :)When it comes Truluck's full sit down dinner menu, you can bet you will be getting some of the freshest seafood.  Since their forte is being known as a crab house, I always have to go for their fresh catch of the day crab claw dish.  It's always changing, so your waiter will let you know what is in season respectively.  No matter what, I'm pretty sure it will be worth your while!  I remember their stone crab being very good!  Nicely chilled and pre-cracked for indulging ease.  Comes with a nice house special mustard cocktail-ish sauce and of course drawn butter.  YUM!  Oysters are another guilty pleasure of mine, and Truluck's hit's it spot on with the freshness.  You can practically taste the ocean (that's a good thing ;P)!  Aside from the crab, they have an abundance of fresh fish from tuna to swordfish, they will get it right!  They also have some nice steaks and chops if you are coming with a more meaty appetite.  All dishes surely be great.Definitely not the cheapest restaurant on the block, but heck, this is a place to wine and dine.  Their food quality backs it up.  You come to a place like this to live it up and enjoy life.  5/5 in my book.  I will be back for sure... actually I will be there tonight for some HH! ;P
<review# 2584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/25/2014,438,269,4,8,7>I came here for dinner with Joe L. and Jared T.  Overall, we were very impressed!We started with a variety of sambusas.  They were all good, but my favorites were the spicy lentil and the spinach.  For entrees we got the oxtail, tilapia, and chicken athola.  The oxtail and tilapia were AMAZING!  The oxtail was tender and very flavorful.  The tilapia was a whole fish topped with a coconut milk and tomato sauce...so delicious!  I wasn't a big fan of the chicken because it was a bit tough and the sauce was bland especially compared to their other dishes.  Our sides were collard greens, eggplant, lentils, rice, flatbread, and mashed plantains.  The collard greens, eggplant, and plantains were my favorites!The service was very good.  Different people checked on us throughout the meal to make sure we had everything we needed and that we liked the food.  When we were done eating, we were offered slices of sweet potato pie on the house.  They brought out two different kinds and asked us our opinion on them.  I hope it ends up on the menu because both were yummy...especially the one with the pecans!
<review# 2585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,2/24/2014,363,447,3,12,7>so good! I came here for the first time tonight after trying a bite of my brothers chicken salad (that was amazing and healthy ) . my bf and I sat and ate, it was nice. the food isn't to expensive (around 20 $ for 2) and they bring your food to your table with a smile. the service was great, but the food is what got me hooked. we got the chicken kabob plate.....wow. chicken perfectly cooked, full of flavor. tender rice with a little butter, a green salad that has some kind of wonderful dressing and its fresh and a grilled tomato. oh and the pita bread with yogurt dip. 10 $. one of the most flavorful meals I've had in a while and it was light and healthy.they also have wraps, gryos, french fries, lamb kabobs, and spicy cilantro hummus which ill try next time. oh and single basic red and white wines you can buy , but not my favorite brands (woodbridge I think ) .  I highly recommend coming here , they have a cute patio outside too for warmer months. though the inside is cozy and clean. my new favorite place! I just wish they'd get better wine :)
<review# 2586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,2/23/2014,67,106,8,19,8>There are so many things to say here, I'm having trouble deciding where to start.Yes, the dinner is held at the chefs' home.  Yes, the dinner is mostly with strangers at one table.  And... yes, that can be amazingly awkward to begin with.  My wife was nervously giggling to herself as we sat down...   Our tablemates certainly reflected a wide swath of San Diego diversity... We had a navy captain and his girlfriend, we had a gay palestinian, we had his best friend a girl from Nicaragua, we had two filippino girls, a couple from out of town in for her birthday and ourselves, two Mexicans.  The dinner is simple at first glance, prepared from local products, but it seems that every course had at least four or five different ingredients that worked perfectly together.  Overall, It shows that our chef, Logan, is very, very talented.   We didn't have a handwritten menu, which is often available, so I'll do the best to describe our meal.  First, we had a crostini with asparagus, beans and a homemade vinegar dressing.  The bread was grilled to perfection and the light vinegar drizzled on top was just right.  We then had a nectarine with burrata and arugula as a second course.  The sweetness of the nectarine was perfectly matched with the cheese and the peppery arugula.  Our main dish was chicken with puttanesca sauce and various other ingredients, including olives.  I was thinking, I have chicken every day... I want something more "special"... Then I tasted it and well, this was special.  I absolutely cleaned my plate and cleaned the meat off the bones.  The final course was a lemon blueberry cake with a bourbon whipped cream, again just a perfect combination.  During our meal, the conversations around the table started slowly but started picking up pace.  It may have been the tiki concoction that was our first drink of the night (I think there were six or seven different kinds of alcohol in that one), but I think it's just a matter of the close proximity and the great food.  We were also served a homemade "rose" wine that was very light and very easy to drink.  Eventually, we were fast friends with Steven and Lucy, who became friends at a previous Cellar Door dinner, and seem like they have been friends for many, many years.  Overall, we had a laugh and a story with everyone at the table and what started out as a weird evening, ended up being a great one.
<review# 2587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,5/2/2008,303,225,13,12,10>This place is so authetic it isn't even funny. Greasy, artery clogging and tasty as all hell... the closest I feel to home without going home. If you ever head to Logan Heights and see a line outside a seedy hole in the wall then you have stumbled upon the greatness that is Las Cuatro Milpas. This joint has been there since my parents were DATING, ok? It's a pretty simple strategy too, a small amount of items for butt cheap, cook em and cook em good. And man, are they so good. The line is a pain in the ass and to the day I have yet to try their menudo cause every time we go, by the time we get there it is sold out.  The clientele is so diverse too... business men, cops, construction workers, average joes and white girls in their pajamas. You see everthing in this line! And again, worth the wait. Once you get to the line, you order from one of the many Mexican ladies with bad eyeliner, get your tray, pay and inhale. It is rare I give 5 stars to any joint, especially one that lacks in decor, presentation and wait staff and even then I can't bring myself to give the anything less because yes, it is THAT GOOD.I like it all... but the selling point for me are the flour tortillas and the bean-rice-egg-chorizo concoction in a bowl. You will make a mess, use 50 napkins and the ride getting there is worth it.All these Mexican joints like El Indio need to stop and take notes. This is how you rock it, this is how it's rocked in Mexico and even if you tried you wouldn't be able to duplicate it. Untouchable, memorable and so bad for you it isn't even funny.
<review# 2588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2008,5/1/2008,177,149,19,23,22>Ladies and Gentlemen, it's official ---- the 3rd time is a charm.I figured out the secret to Dumpling Inn.  Determined was an understatement for the state of mind Viola P and I put ourselves into as we sat outside this hole-in-the-wall, game face intact, waiting for a table.Previous failures - due to no fault but our own- were out of sheer frustration from watching others out-eat us.  Seriously.  I can hold my own.  How did the 5'1" asian girl pack it away?  Where did it go?  Her left foot?  How did one plate of dumplings fill me up?  BOO!!!!!!!This time we ordered EVERYTHING at once and paced ourselves.  ***Xiao Long  Bao-- aka-- soup dumplings.  Little treasures of deliciousness stuffed with meat and liquid.  Steamed til cooked & piping hot.  THIS is what you go to Dumpling Inn for.  The main attraction if you will.  Remember, as my friend so eloquently put it, who can resist "food-wrapped-in-food"??!?!?!????Follow Matt H's recommendation for a tasty dipping sauce and all is well in life.  *Curry beef dumplings.  Basically fried wontons filled with Curry Beef.  Ehhh - unanimous- we'll pass.  Those are definitely OFF the rotation.  I think they'll be replaced with streamed pork buns next time.*Schezuan Beef -  Good taste --- a little on the sweet side, but definitely a thumbs up.  Super spicy for me but seriously, when the cute little Polish dinner-mate from Chicago has a higher spice tolerance than the mexican girl from Los Angeles, then really- that is just plain embarrassing.   *Deluxe Noodle with Four ingredients--- figured out the big 4 were pork, shrimp, beef and chicken.  Go for the homemade noodles, $1 up charge but WELL WORTH IT.  The soup has a pleasant strong broth that is not overpowering.  Loved it.Pace yourself, talk, enjoy.....and bring the leftovers home.  That is the key.  And this time?  Well, we walked out proud with our heads held up high (and happy i wore sweats).  Mission Accomplished!    Even the stoic servers were saying "you're welcome" to us and giving us an occasional nod.  I guess that is what happens when you hold your own ;)
<review# 2589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2008,4/28/2008,54,25,7,13,10>I honestly believe there is no "best" mexican food place, there's just places that do one particular thing the best. And if you like tacos more then anything then the place that does the best tacos is your fave. But no mexican food place does everything the RIGHT way. I think that's just impossible. For example:If you want a shrimp burrito you go to Cotija's or Rubio's.If you want tacos go to Tacos El Gordo.If you want carne asada fries, go to Taco Fiesta or Lolita's.BUT, if you want Rolled Tacos, you bloody better come here, to Super Sergio's, there's no place in San Diego that does Rolled Tacos any better then Super Sergio's. And you know what's the best part? They've got a special, like 3 or 5 Rolled tacos with the usual toppings, you know sour cream, guacamole and lettuce, AND spanish rice, for just over $3, you add a horchata and you got a full meal for just over 5 bucks. Dude that's a DEAL!I'm telling you, the rolled tacos from here are different from the rolled tacos from other places. The rolled tacos from the other places just taste like the kind of rolled taco you can buy in a supermarket that's frozen and all you gotta do is fry the sucker. At Super Sergio's you can tell that they make the rolled tacos. You can TASTE the difference, from the texture of the meat to how the tortilla snaps when bitten. It's just different and OH so much better.Yeah, the carne asada fries here are good; but it's all about the rolled tacos!
<review# 2590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,4/27/2008,24,28,7,10,9>Iowa Meat Farms is the meat mecca of San Diego. To date, I have bought sausages, steaks, ribs and a turducken from IMF. The quality of the meat is superb, the staff is knowledgeable and the store also features a ton of options for sauces and accompaniments to your meat. I think the turducken was far and away the biggest success. If you are not familiar with this fantastic fowl abomination of nature, it is a de-boned and stuffed chicken inside a de-boned and stuffed duck that is inside a stuffed turkey. My family cooked one on Thanksgiving and it was smashing! You have to reserve one at least a week before Thanksgiving because it is so time consuming they can only handle a limited number of orders. They get an effortless five stars for running such a great operation. They could use a bigger parking lot though....
<review# 2591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2007,4/26/2008,11,17,4,13,9>Long time lurker, first time poster, I'm breaking my Yelper cherry here so be easy on me.....Upon the recommendation of other Yelpers, I decided at the last minute to try a pedicure at Lulu's, given the sad state of my feet from running and summer beachtime.  So this lovely Saturday afternoon I called and got an appointment the same day - immediately I'm happy because I HATE waiting once I've decided to take action.  Yes, I have the patience of a 2-yr old. I arrived to find this very inviting and comfy small space that smelled great.  Parking was not a problem along a side street.  I was greeted by the nice receptionist and sat down for just a few minutes before my pedicurist Nancy took me to my chair and had me pick out a color.  There was a good selection and they use Essi polish - nice stuff.  Even though the place is tiny, I didn't feel cramped - and the chairs were really comfortable.  They had plenty of magazines from which to choose, but I ended up having a nice conversation with Nancy instead.  The pedicure itself was awesome - I was a little embarrassed by the pathetic condition of my feet, but Nancy took it in stride and none of her techniques hurt at all, which is unusual for me, I'm usually squirming in the chair biting my lip, but this time it was a breeze.  I got a great leg-and-foot massage and I loved the old-fashioned copper tubs used for the foot soak.  As other reviewers described, all of the tools and the surrounding area were very clean and only used once per customer.  I was offered a glass of wine, which I of course happily accepted - and it was great!  Red wine on a Saturday afternoon while getting your feet pampered, doesn't get much better than that - extra 20 points for that, Lulu's!All in all, this was a great experience and I'll definitely be back.  My toes looked so cute, the polish application was perfect and the atmosphere was very friendly and local.  It's been a week now with continued running and abuse on my toes, and they look just as good as the day of the pedicure!  The price was a little higher than what I'm used to paying, but it's totally worth it, and I'm very motivated now to take better care of my feet.
<review# 2592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,4/25/2008,30,105,8,10,10>I have to admit, before today I'd eaten at Hodad's exactly once (even though I've lived here my entire life).  I was about 16.  It was summer.  And I was...uhm...maybe not in the best shape to be objective about the food, shall we say.  Hey - OB, summer, 16...duuuuude...Flash forward to today.  We were heading to Theo's, but Theo's is gone.  GONE.  *sob*  So even though my wife is on a diet, she gave in to my milkshake craving and took me to Hodad's for lunch.Random summery beachy decor, typical OB crowd.  Average to good service.  Nice that the server told us a full order of onion rings was WAY too much for two people (and he was right - a half order more than did the trick).  Delicious rings and an excellent burger - the single was the perfect size to fill us each up without being ridiculous.  Nice thin patty but not skimpy, tons of pickles and onions and tomato (though the tomato wasn't quite ripe and I ended up taking it out, which also made it neater).  And the chocolate shake - wow.  Both delicious and huge...ended up taking half of it to go even with Lisa helping me drink it.The burger was messy but not unmanageable.  Really the only drawbacks were the unripe tomato and the level of noise (both music and people), but I would totally go back...SOON.  Good prices, too - two burgers, rings, huge chocolate shake for $18.  Next time, no tomatoes and food to go, and it's five stars for sure...
<review# 2593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2008,4/24/2008,292,68,58,19,31>Have you ever gone into the weekend hell-bent on making it awesome? I have... I have also failed miserably in setting the sexpectations far to high... The latest girl to tool me around asked me to go out to the bars with her on Saturday night. Having not been born yesterday, I was a little skeptical of her flakey ass. In fact, I didn't even plan on seeing her. I figured, if there was to be any late night coitus it would be purely coincidental. Of course this leads to me being dead wrong and her actually calling me to hang out. You see how that works? Fucking tremendous, I tell you...I get a text message from this twenty-something around midnight. It read, "Going to Bourbon St. you still down to drink?" The obvious answer to this question is YES! At this point I will let you in on a little secret... I had never been to Bourbon St. I had no idea what kind of bar it was so I got a ride over there in my t-shirt, jeans, and sandals. The night air was brisk enough for me to immediately regret my choice of attire. As I walked into the bar, a kind looking gentleman greeted me with a smile. Huh, maybe this is a cool bar to hang out in? As I made my way through the bar to the outside, I could smell what could only be described as a fruit salad of designer colognes. As I approached the outside area I could hear a mixture of club music mingling with casual conversation. I walked through the small hallway into the out side and was greeted by A SEA OF DUDES!!!  Uh oh! Papi, wasn't told that this was a gay bar... Had I known I would have put on a nicer shirt. Here I was dressed like a frat boy amongst a crowd of Seacrests. Not only that but I couldn't find the aforementioned twenty-something. This calls for a drink right? I walk over to the bar and was immediately approached by a young man reminiscent of fez from that 70's show. Fez: What are you drinking?Me: I was thinking of sticking with my Marlboro man theme and going with some Jack. Fez: I bet you like it rough.. hehe...(Notices my sandals) Oh you poor baby,  are people stepping on your toes?Me: A few times, it's my fault for wearing sandals. I didn't know it was a...(Pause).....dance club....Fez: You're cute, let me pay for your drink...Me: Uh ok...Fez: Come see me later on...Me: (Inner monologue) Wait a second... A dude just bought me a drink... THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm going to milk the fuck out of this... I'm going to be a tease!Soon after my female friend and newly acquired "fag hag" found me. We were only here for like an hour. If I were a gay man, I would frequent the hell out of this place. Jesus, it would be like fishing in a barrel. By the time we left, I had been bought several drinks and was well on my way to an awesome Saturday night.
<review# 2594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2007,4/23/2008,202,136,6,10,10>Really feelin the heat, I stopped by The Big Squeeze to grab a much-needed, refreshing smoothie.  It being my first time there I tried to order at the wrong area--good start :)The first thing I noticed when I walked in was what appeared to be a large water purifier on one wall, and empty jugs on the other.  So if your extra paranoid and the Brita just ain't doin it for you anymore, you can come here and grab some H2O.  They have a very extensive menu of juices with lots of possibilities for your own customized smoothie.  Plenty of fruits, veggies, and supplements to choose from to make any combination your heart desires until your tastebuds agree and you find that perfect concoction.  They also offer non-fat frozen yogurt and wheatgrass shots, if you're into that kind of stuff, and it looked like you could buy them too if you blend your own at home.  If you're a little more hungry for some food, they also offer sandwiches and fruit salads.Their pride, joy, and shining star def. seems to be their Acai Bowl!  I've never had one, but it looked delicious! Instead I opted for a strawberry-banana smoothie that was very very yummy and refreshing!I regret not getting the Acai Bowl so much that I took a nap later in the afternoon, had a dream about it and woke up craving it......Tomorrow's another day, another chance!  (****Will update once I try it....****)****Just an additional note:  "Acai" is pronounced "ah-sigh-ee", apparently.  Wish I knew that before I kept calling it "ah-kai" about 50 times....   :)--------------------------------------------------­-**Update 8/21/07Tried the Acai bowl (w/ apple juice insteadof soy milk, and w/ mango instead of peaches) and I don't think I can express the bliss I felt when I ate it so....let's just say, Move over fudgesicles and creamsicles!  I gots me a new crush!!SO. DAMN. GOOD.--------------------------------------------------**Update 8/25/07New hours!!!  Mon-Thurs  open til 6pmFri-Sun open til 9pm   (sweet!)
<review# 2595,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/12/2008,4/22/2008,587,1463,22,9,11>If you're flat broke and no one will loan you any money and you're hungry, come here.Its best on  weekend mornings when they have all the roadshow handouts, not to mention all the ladies cooking/ heating items such as lasagna bites, bean-less chili, chicken fingers and sometimes even cali rolls. Score !Everything is bite sized and portions are small but keep on making the rounds buddy and soon enough you'll be full ! Just make sure to thank the workers each and every time so that they dont scowl at you when you come back a 3rd or 4th time.Cruise the aisles and soon you will have yourself a complete meal, complete with some form of beverage. Allez Cuisine !
<review# 2596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2008,4/20/2008,166,94,6,14,8>I have driven by before, curious to know if it will be like a fruteria in Mexico sure enough it was.   The have pico de gallo (fruit with cajun pepper and lemon by the way that is a Mexican thing)Ensalada de fruta with all sort of fruits, cottage cheese, granola, and honey on top.  Also smoothies, fruit waters, and liquados.  One of their specialties is escamochas.   I thought escamochas were fruit ice shavings but they are not.  To my surprise they  put a bunch of different fruits in a big container diced finely with the knife, poured in a cup then they put some condensed milk (lechera), sliced almonds, granola, shredded coconut, and make a couple layers of this.  OMG I could die for this! This could be a snack place or a lunch place.  I also saw some people ordering tostadas de ceviche.  I will have to yelp their ceviche some time.  No credit cards only cash I had to go to the nearest ATM.  Parking is available behind the building.
<review# 2597,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2006,1/16/2007,56,7,3,2,4>This is a donut shop. Not that much to it. I'm no donut connoisseur, but I feel comfortable saying that the Lucky Donuts House is a house of passable donuts and nothing more.I didn't see any jelly-filled powdered donuts when I went. That was slightly disappointing. To counter that slight disappointment, I'm happy to report that their bavarian cream-filled donut was filled enough to have a bit of cream in every bite. It even became a bit messy toward the middle. It wasn't tremendous, but it was reassuring. In fact, a donut shop's generosity with bavarian cream is probably the best proxy to determine the overall donuting experience. And with that, I give lucky a solid 3 stars.
<review# 2598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2007,1/15/2007,91,1241,2,4,6>My alma mater... Class of '89 represent!How does one review 4 years' worth of memories filled with teen angst and hormones.  I suppose I'll try and be zen about it.  We all know High School sucks, so that's a given.  For those of you few lucky souls out there who had a wonderful high school experience, kicked ass at football , or if you were CIF champ and hung out with the cool ASB kids, then...hmmm. you probably won't really relate to this review at all.   If, however, you were wondering what kind of sick and twisted psychotic rollercoaster you'd been thrown on for four years as your life sped towards adulthood, then you definitely dig where I'm coming from.As far as education was concerned, I didn't really get that good of an education at Serra High.  Sorry to say... AP classes... check.  I took AP English, AP Math, AP Biology and AP History.  I graduated with an adjusted GPA north of 4.3 and I still got my brain chewed up and spit out after a couple of years at UC Berkeley in the college of Engineering.  AP Math apparently did a good enough job to get me a 5 on the AP exam, but I still got my ass kicked in Math 1B at Cal.   English?  I got a 5 there too and haven't had much opportunity to test my lyrical and poetic skills since then.  They don't really give a shit if you can write or not when you're an engineering major.  AP Biology... Now that was a serious bitch!  That was the only true class that challenged me.  Rick Halsey taught well and hard, and if only all the classes had been as challenging, then maybe I'd have stood a better chance at Cal.  For what it's worth, I ended up graduating 7 years later from UCSD with a BS in Computer Science, so I still made out ok.. but yeah, the education I got here wasn't the best.Now as far as friends and the high school social experiment, here's how it broke down between 86 and 89, while I attended Serra.  You had, of course, the jocks.  You had also the "in" crowd, consisting primarily of ASB and Yearbook students.  You had the metalheads, the drama crew, the rejects, the skaterz, and just about everyone else...  Actually, one thing that *was* nice about Serra is that the lines weren't firmly drawn and I saw many a teen move freely between these different circles.  I for one started out hanging out with the rejects and the skaters and slowly made my way as a "satellite" to the in crowd thanks to my working on the newspaper staff, which is always a good in.   Sadly, though, I'll tell you that I don't keep in touch with anyone from High school save for 2 or 3 good friends who remain good friends today.  All the others, nice as they were, all somehow dissipated from my life.Other than that, well... Serra was full of suburban angst, fueled at the time probably more than a little by the communist threat (recall the nuclear drills?) and the fact that Murphy Canyon and lots of military families lived nearby.  This said angst fueled a need to escape and a neverending quest for underage drinking in the form of keggers at people's houses or at hotels in Mission Circle.   Drugs?  Thankfully, I didn't see too much of it in High school and I don't think many students abused drugs.  I did have someone try to sell me crack at some party in Tierrasanta a few weeks before graduation, but after I declined his offer, he didn't insist, so either he was just bullshitting or he was at the very least not too much of a pushy dealer.   I was happy at the time merely abusing alcohol and doing beer bongs.Nostalgia?  For high school... nah, not so much.  I didn't have a hellish time, but it certainly wasn't all that pleasant either.   There were some memorable moments which I hold close to heart, even if they were shared with people that have long since dissipated from my existence.
<review# 2599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2007,1/14/2007,137,678,1,3,3>First of all, from what I hear from my friends, Aloha Sushi is much better than Tadashi Sushi which is also in La Jolla.   Also, if you wanna try a plethora of sushi, you gotta go on Wednesday for the all you can eat sushi and other menu items (with minor exceptions like market priced sushi) for only $25.  I easily ate $60 worth of sushi specialty rolls so it was more than worth it.Not just is the sushi fresh and flavorful, but the presentation is amazing.  The two sushi chefs that were preparing took plenty of time to put the utmost quality into your roll.  My favorite roll was the Island Roll and the kahlua pig grilled dish was top of the line as well.    And how can you not order the J-Lo roll?  Tip: sit near the sushi chefs instead of at one of the tables for quicker sushi service.  Sit near the hands that will feed you....  =P
<review# 2600,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/2/2007,1/13/2007,413,616,4,2,4>oh well, what can you expect from a mediocre chain but mediocre food? i mean, i know it claims to be better for you than all the rest of them (helloooooo, jared!) but it's just as full of fat and preservatives and hormone-ridden meat. if you eat meat. i do.you should, however, stop by this particular subway. and why?because you want to check out my little brother in his smart green uniform. he is tall, dark, handsome, and has a very hairy face. (currently. cos he could shave it off, you know.) he is not nice, but is funny, and if you ask too many questions you might get too much vinegar. no discounts, even for family. i like to drive up when they're closed, honk the horn really loud at him at his coworkers, and then drive away while laughing hysterically.
<review# 2601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2007,1/12/2007,35,75,2,1,1>So I find myself on the San Diego waterfront with family and I'm wondering what's going on. Why am I here? Why is it that I find myself in front of the USS Midway mere hours after I had read Ed M's review of the Midway Aircraft Carrier Museum (yelp.com/biz/zmtxNFPWVid…). I'm in a daze. It doesn't help that I'm hungry.I got the feeling that all the restaurants along the pier cater to the tastes of tourists so I wasn't expecting much. We ended up at the San Diego Pier Cafe because well, we were tired of looking at restaurants, it had decent prices, and it looked like it had a pretty nice view (when you're surrounded by water with sunny skies, food doesn't taste so bad). It's always funny watching my parents in non-Chinese restaurants because they're not in their element with ordering. Especially when it involves making choices with salad dressing, bread, etc. Mom: I want clam chowder.Waitress (who had pretty awesome pink hair): In a cup or a bread bowl?Mom (obviously confused): Chowder. Waitress: Do you want it in a cup or bread bowl?Mom: CLAM CHOWDER!Me: Uh, she wants it in a bread bowl.Because it was so warm and sunny and the ocean looking oh so shiny, I decided to get a margarita. I'm no connoisseurs of margaritas but I found it quite refreshing (and made time with the family a little bit more bearable). I was really intrigued by their Fish Bowl drink but I don't think my dad would have been too happy with me ordering a $15 alcohol drink that comes in a bowl. And I did start having flashbacks of my time at Trad'r Sam in SF. "Dive into our fish bowl and quench your thirst with our colossal 60 oz. concoction of Absolut Citron, Apple Pucker, Rum, Blue Curacao and Sprite." - COME ON! 60 OZ! ALMOST FOUR PINTS OF ALCOHOLIC GOODNESS! I ordered the blackened fish tacos and they were quite tasty. Served with the right amount of taco condiments and not too much refried beans on the side (I hate it when sides overwhelm the entree). My parents never like going to these kinds of restaurants because they always feel like they're getting ripped off (What? Lobster is $30? WHA!?) but the San Diego Pier Cafe ain't half bad.
<review# 2602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2006,1/10/2007,416,587,,1,5>I still like Rubio's and I always will. I like Rubio's because it is a fast food chain that serves beer and wine, but I often to go Rubio's because it serves a damn good Health Mex burrito. The Health Mex Burrito has been the only item on the menu that I have ordered at Rubio's for the past few years. I know there are other meals I can order, but I've never been disappointed by Health Mex burrito. It come with black beans, rice, chicken or fish, and salsa. It has just the right amount of spices and it even comes with a side of Spanish rice. The meal is about 500 calories and it comes on a whole wheat tortilla. I think it makes the perfect lunch or dinner (or both, if you are on a diet). Either way, the burrito is filling, but diet friendly and that is rare and fine thing.
<review# 2603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2006,1/9/2007,5,20,,1,3>The Waterfront Bar is located just out side the downtown high-rise district. overlooking theharbor. I haven't been there for a few yearsbut I recall it being a little rough in appearance.They have good Burgers and full bar. Claim to fame is  Wyatt Earp drank there. Being the oldest bar and history are why I give it5 stars (the experience) other that that don'texpect too much.
<review# 2604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2006,1/8/2007,80,39,4,3,5>I heart Blick. The name sounds a little dorky and weird. Especially since it's such a cool place. It's kind of like guys named Chip or Biff. You want to laugh at first, but then you realize they aren't kidding. That's really their name... and then you get to know them and they rock. Yup, it's the same thing with Blick.The frugalist in me wants to buy all of my good at Michael's & Aaron Brothers, but the quality is no contest. Blick has hard to find supplies, fun gifty items and usually decent sales. They offer discounts to students & teachers and are usually semi-helpful. I tend to just wander around and lust over the canvases and paints I can't afford to buy. Not sure if it's all in my head, but I swear the pieces I do with Blick supplies even look better.Who knows... just check it out. Grab a coffee, stroll down India St. and kick it at Blick. I'll be the one drooling in the acrylics aisle.
<review# 2605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2006,1/7/2007,249,153,3,7,5>Burns Drugs has been in La Jolla for over 50 years.  Since I rarely venture into that area, I might know them merely as a shady impression of a building if I hadn't needed to have a prescription actually prepared--2 parts Lidocaine, 1 part something else.  Did you know that most of the chain pharmacies can't mix prescriptions?  Maybe you did, but I didn't.  After waiting in line at my local Longs (which was right down the street from my house at the time), I found out from the nice lady pharmacist that her job involves taking pills out of boxes and bottles and transferring them into other bottles with patients' names on them, but that she can't actually combine Lidocaine and anything, and that only 2 pharmacies in San Diego actually can.  Boooo!So I  drove to La Jolla (much farther from my home than Longs), drove around the block about 30 times, my throat killing me, my fever raging, until I found a parking spot, then ventured inside.  Initially, Burns Drugs looks like the love child of a Hallmark store and a tourist shop.  But walking in further, I realized that a beauty supply and a hospital got in on the action.  But that's all for the good, as Burns's pharmacy is quite busy (being the only mixing pharmacy in the area), and the assortment of medical supplies and figurines provided entertainment and distraction as I waited for my prescription.  I'll be honest, I almost started my Christmas shopping there.  The pharmacists and staff are friendly and knowledgeable, and genuinely apologetic for the wait.  In spite of my grumpiness over driving all over creation in search of my prescription while ill, they won me over, and I left feeling almost cheerful.  Oh, and the Lidocaine concoction tasted terrible, but totally numbed my freakishly sore throat.Edit: A compounding pharmacy!  That's what it's called!  And there are only 2 in San Diego.
<review# 2606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2006,1/6/2007,295,160,2,,4>1. The smoking area outside.2. The atmosphere. (Music, furniture, magazines, wifi)3. The cute/hot fobby people who work there.I love Tapioca Express ...
<review# 2607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2007,8/24/2007,11,15,7,6,6>Today, Tee Tee, otherwise known as Tonie Ton e, and I went to Baja Betty on University Street in Hillcrest for Sunday brunch with a group of girlfriends.  We had a muy bueno tiempo!We started out with around of  bottomless drinks, either Sangria, Mimosa or Champagne.  We then proceeded to pig out on a great assortment of Mexican dishes such a eggs with salsa verde, tamales, street tacos, enchiladas, and some traditional breakfast food such as bacon and potatoes. We ended our meals at the fruit and goodies bar and ate flan, cakes and fruits. Oh so yummy!The only bummer was that the food at the buffet tables were not labeled, so it was hard to identify what was what. The price was good considering you get as many drinks as you like ($17.95).The best part of the meal was the atmosphere being that it was nine girls at a gay breakfast place filled with great buff looking guys. The guy next to us had a birthday and he got a beautiful penis shape dessert enchiladas with lots of whip cream in special places and a great looking penis  balloon bouquet to take home with him. Our waiter was also a very good looking Mexican gay guy who proceeded to call us mi amor (my love), sweetie, baby and beauties. We were quite flattered. We return the nice gesture by nicknaming him papasito.Overall, a great place, especially if it is your birthday and you are gay!
<review# 2608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,8/22/2007,187,162,14,13,13>Where is your one stop eatery at which you can get gyros, spring rolls, pasta, flan, creme brulee and more? CAFE DELIGHT!Seriously, besides offering regular cafe fare (soups, salads, sandwiches), this little hole in the wall presents plenty of unique specialties.My roommate's sister was in town, and we all went out to eat. We decided to make an adventure of it and just drive around until we found someplace. Her sister didn't want Italian or Mexican, so that was limiting. We saw some nice looking places, but they were a little more pricey than we had planned. So we kept looking. We found Cafe Delight and while it wasn't what we'd been looking for we decided to try it anyway.Firstly, it's really small. There are about three tables on the side walk and three tables inside. None of them were big enough to accommodate four girls, but we're friendly, so we managed. Secondly, we hadn't wanted expensive, but this is the kind of place you stop by on your lunch break. Nearly everything on the menu is under five dollars. It's like fast food that tastes good!The decor was adorable. We stared at the menu for some time, marveling at the variety. Milk shakes and grape leaves in the same place! Turkish coffee, reading included! Breakfast burritos served all day! Add bulgur to any Mediterranean entree for just $2.50 (although my Armenian roommate was irritated that it was served as couscous and not with yogurt they way she likes it)!Finally, I decided to try the Supreme Calzone (featuring ham, pepperoni, mushrooms, olives, pepperoncini, cheese, and pizza sauce) for an amazing $3.19.We situated ourselves at a small candlelit table. The food is probably prepared in advance. For all I know, it's packaged and bought in bulk. That would explain the variety. But you know what? It's still good. And the salad my roommate ordered looked fresh and tasty. The portions are small, you get what you pay for. But that's okay, it left room for desert. I ordered baklava. It was a really little piece, but it was only 79 cents. It wasn't what I'm used to. Its structure was not based on philo dough but something that looked like shredded wheat. It was still good though. I also finished off my roommate's more generously proportioned tiramisu, which was really delicious.Overall, my only complaint is that they need an editor for their menu, since under their desserts they listed Better Then Sex, as opposed to Better Than Sex. If I ordered the latter, I would expect chocolate cake, if I ordered the former, I would expect sex to follow my meal. I'm just saying.I would recommend stopping by Cafe Delight for something quick and casual. It's a nice little place.
<review# 2609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2007,8/21/2007,90,253,15,6,6>Love this spot- wish I found it earlier. Way bigger than it looks from the outside, and I love that different rooms have different feels. The courtyard area is my favorite- you're enclosed but it's open air, and the fountain's a cute touch. The lines of boys standing on the wide stairway down to the courtyard is also adorable- it looks like they're in a stadium, watching a game! (Not too inaccurate a description, actually.)Saturday nights they've got the drag show, but it ends fairly early- I got there around 11-ish and it was already done. No cover, I think, all night Saturdays. They've got Framboise and Apple Lambic on tap, which is awesome, though the rest of the beer menu's so-so. Drinks fairly cheap- never had the liquor here, so don't know how strong the mixed drinks are.And now, on to my general pet peeve: it's been a while since I've been out on boys' night to any of my usual spots, because the last few times I've went I've been the magnet for the ONE straight guy in the place to grope me on the dance floor or try to spit some horrible game at the bar. It happened again, last night, with a dude that I swore was gay but was merely Canadian. I totally wouldn't have minded except he got all defensive when I (nicely) told him I had a partner so that he could feel free to find another young lady at the bar. Hello, I am doing you a favor, douchebag. Don't get mad, be glad that I didn't just have you buy me free drinks and be a cock-tease all night. F-ing A.  Not only is it annoying to be constantly on the defensive, it's just plain rude that people presume I'm the fag hag or straight girl at the bar-- BECAUSE I'M NOT. THERE I'VE SAID IT, SAN DIEGO. GET THE MESSAGE?!? I should start wearing a button when I go out, I think, because this shit is getting old.
<review# 2610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2007,8/20/2007,21,5,9,5,4>This is the perfect place to take a date. As I was dateless that night, the owner (Marco) sat with me, advising me not only on what to eat, but how to eat it -- occasionally dabbing my mouth with my own napkin. I haven't been waited on so dutifully since I was 2. I can't promise that every patron will receive the same doting attention, but rest assured, YOU WILL RECEIVE ATTENTION OF SOME KIND. the menu is incomprehensible, so be adventurous -- if it's your first visit, they'll happily recommend something based on your personal taste. A mix of vegetarian and meat-lovins, everything is savory and flavorful, spicy but not overpowered by funk. Whatever your entree, make sure to try to Georgian wine. I guzzled a full glass of this peppery red booze before Marco intervened, horrified."Is not a polite wine! You will have the Chilean wine."Friends, don't believe it. Chilean is overrated. Drink the Georgian. Or drink them both -- I did.the decor is charmingly nonsensical - a hodgepodge of colors and lights, manic scrawlings on the walls and the ceilings (testament to the power of georgian wine, I'm convinced). Atmospherically, Pomegranate is a sweet escape from San Diego's overdeveloped yuppiedom. With enough wine & spice, you'll weave out of the restaurant not quite sure if you were really there at all.practical stuff: bring a lot of casssshhhh. apparently they think credit cards steal your soul.and if you have a group, be a guy and make a reservation. Also be prepared to be heckled a bit over the phone; Marco likes a good laugh.
<review# 2611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,8/19/2007,60,332,4,7,9>As being the site of choice for the Thirsty Thursday V 2.0 I am very impressed by this place.Many many beers on tap, a most gorgeous bartender, who by the way said she was very happy with the crowd and how nice and mellow everybody was.  She admitted that she was a bit intimidated when everybody walked in but saw that everybody was there to enjoy themselves.  A bigger crowd than our first TT event and an overall good vibe made this the perfect choice for our 2nd version of TT.I had a blast with old friends and new, and got to share stories with a lot of great people, not to mention drink decent booze.  I got to meet  a lot of the yelpers that I interact with and trade stories on our heinous names!! If you keep driving by this place on your way home, you are doing yourself a disservice.
<review# 2612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,8/17/2007,23,180,2,2,2>proclaimed (not self) ..."home of the best burger"well i have to say that they were pretty damn good. i ate the mushroom burger, and it dripped all over the place..i think i used about 20 napkins. boyfriend had the chili burger, which was seriously good. fries were ok...had the cajun seasoning on it which i like, but i've had better. service was good. our server, forgot his name, awesome. even gave us several rounds of free shots! the thing i loved best about this place, when someone orders a crappy beer, aka bud/miller. the server puts on some gloves and serves the beers with tongs!! oh man that made my day! they have a great selection of good beer on tap, always a plus. great bar if you are in the area, but i wouldn't go out of my way to go there, parking, etc.
<review# 2613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2007,8/16/2007,52,14,15,9,13>Well, if you have read my previous post... prepare yourself for the complete opposite.  This place knows how to make you feel good about people again.  I was beginning to give up.  But I walked through the doors of a little, laid back Chinese/Japanese melting pot, where the service was suitable for high ranking government officials.  I mean, this place will bring people together.  I went in to order some takeout.... catching the hostess off guard.  I was not looking for the whole restaurant experience, but they will not let you leave without it.  "Okay, no problem, here are some menus."  "Would you like some water?"  "Just a few more minutes, it is almost done.  Do you want more water."  "I am sorry that it took a little longer than normal, here is 10% off for the next time you come in."  "Holy shit, are these people for real?"  I ask myself.  This is incredible.  I mean, I could have probably received a foot massage had I asked appropriately enough.  These employees are going way above and beyond, and I am not even sure that the clientele that was there even realized what they had right in front of them.  But check this out, there is this old man there who makes your visit way worth it.  This guy does not mess around.  He is easily 67 years old.  And he has these super tight eye-glasses that I need to find for myself.  He was rocking some Japanese designer fashion jeans and some dope shoes that I had never seen before.  And a T-shirt that said "SAKE BOMBER."  That is what I am talking about.  This guy just runs around with the hottest gear on, catching mad style points, shouting out demands to his workers in Japanese, all while throwing down shots of sake.  No one there can dare challenge this man with sake.  Meat your defeat, believe me.  I need to go back to catch his name because he is easily one of my heroes right now.  As far as the food goes, I got myself some Kung Pao Chicken and it was phenomenal.  Seriously.  And it is in Santee???  Go figure.  I am not even sure how the old man found Santee.  My guess is that him and his lady got into the sake one night, she got wild and threw some blows at him, he called the cops and she woke up in the drunk tank at Las Colinas Women's Detention Facility, conveniently located in Santee.  We also ordered some sushi, which was very good, but a little over-priced, in my opinion.  The Dragon Roll is unreal, but it is also $9.75.  Overall, this place is pretty smashin'.
<review# 2614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2007,8/15/2007,22,51,9,11,8>I give this place 5 stars only because I gave Einstein Bros 4 stars.The dialogue between my wife and me this morning:Me: I'm going out for coffee, would you like some tea?Her: Are you getting bagels too? (I usually get my coffee at Einstein Bros)Me: I can get bagels if you want me to.Her: Will you go to Big City Bagels?Me: (Hesitant)...I"ll get you a bagel from there.Her: I don't want you to go just for me. (pause) Have you ever had a Big City bagel?Me: I don't know, but Einstein Bros has the best bagels so I don't see any reason to go anywhere else.Her: Well...I think Big City Bagels are better than Einstein Bros.Me: Really (not quite convinced)Her: Yeah, I actually think there is a big difference between them.Me: Okay, in that case I think we need a bagel taste-off!Her: You're on!!We give each other high fives.As you can see from the score I assume you know you won, but I will elaborate.  Amy and I decided to buy a Sesame bagel with plain cream cheese (toasted, of course)I first went to Big City bagels. When I first went in there I got this strange feeling of a Berkeley joint! Not sure why, I look all around trying to figure out how I could have teleported myself back to Berkeley, but I couldn't figure it out. Maybe it was the young, smart looking women working the counter, or the small space in which it occupies, I'm just not sure. But it was just a different atmosphere and experience than the "Big Corporate" feeling look of Einstein Bros.So after getting the bagel I went to Einstein and dealt with the usual routine (this is usually a very good experience as I've rated them 4 stars).When I got home, I climbed into bed, tea for Amy, coffee for me and two bagels sitting before us.The bagels at Big City were a bit smaller, had a nice crunchy texture on the outside but a very soft, moist like texture on the inside. The cream cheese was a bit overloaded but that is usual for these types of places. It made me feel like my mom had just baked fresh bagels (which she never did, but I could imagine it!!)The Einstein bagel was the typical bagel, but I noticed the difference. The texture, although soft and chewy, was much more dense and uniform.  I suddenly tasted and felt the corporate taste of Einstein uniformity.I have no clue how large of a company Big City Bagels is, but it just had a different feel.My wife summed up the taste off very well: If I have time in the morning, I would drive to Big City Bagels, but if we are in a rush and need some quick food, I would have no problem going to Einstein  Bros.Okay Big City, you won round 1. Tomorrow morning I'm going back to get what I usually get in when I go to Einstein Bros: Honey Whole Wheat with Peanut Butter, house coffee!Whose bagels will reign supreme?! Will Einstein reclaim the title or will Big City dominate San Diego???Tune in next time, same bagel time, same bagel channel.........to be continued.....Friday, June 29th 2007This morning I drove right past Einstein and headed to Big City Bagel to try my usual: Honey Whole Wheat with peanut butter.It was a little more crowded but still the same friendly and charming faces at the counter. I got my bagel and coffee and headed off. First thing was the coffee. I must say this did not taste as good to me as the Einstein coffee I'm used to. I will not judge though and say it was bad. Coffee is so individual and different and I don't think it can be judged purely because I didn't care for it as much as another cup of coffee. I still drank it and was satisfied.As for the bagel, once again is was great. The one major difference I noticed is that the peanut butter was not dripping off the bagel and onto my clothes. Because of this, I usually surround myself with napkins so I can catch any drops that may ooze their way out and onto my shirt. This may of been a fluke, who knows, but it did make the ride to work more enjoyable.All in all I do I have to concede that Big City has much better bagels than Einstein. This will not stop me from going to Einsteins though, they are much closer and I enjoy their coffee much more.
<review# 2615,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/6/2007,8/14/2007,0,0,6,3,6>Yes, I am Asian, and yes I will review this 99 Ranch Market, so save your judgments. First, this 99 Ranch is as home as I'll ever get in San Diego, so I'm  going to give credit where credit is due. Where else am I going to get taro on sale and a good deal on live catfish? (And who doesn't like catfish?) I also like staring at the bakery for a long time, imagining what those fruit tarts would taste like if I didn't have an overbearing Asian mother who was already so ashamed of my non-lotus-flower-like 5ft 7 inch frame.  (She only does so because she hasn't seen my sturdy calves eptly manuveur the rice paddies during harvest season yet. I thank Dad's genes!) And then I opt for an egg tart anyway, dammit!The only sad part about San Diego's 99 ranch is that it looks like the KnoTTs Berry Farm to Bay Area's 99 Ranch Disney World. Lacking, incomplete, and done. The optometry place will rip you a fat one for your glasses. Don't go there unless you don't speak English and therefore, have limited choices for your visionary needs. There is no large cute gift shop, Goldilocks bakery, or fruit juice stand. It's only saving grace is Sam Woo's, which I will always go to for some good ol' fashioned green onion and ginger oysters and Cantonese country greens.
<review# 2616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,8/13/2007,117,137,11,12,9>6/11/07 - My first Deep Sea Fishing TripThere were about 30 people on the boat.  It was a slow day, but just about everyone had caught something.  My bf caught a baby barracuda that was too small to keep, and a mackerel.  The fish weren't biting on my end, but then something started to happen...As I was reeling in the line, I was having a bit of difficulty, so another passenger (AP) decided to give me a hand.AP: Whoa, this one's kinda strongMe: Really?  Did I really get something?AP: Looks like it...Then I saw something bobbing out of the waterMe: (turning to bf) BF!  BF!  I got something!!In the excitement the deck hand (DH) rushed over.Me: I got something!DH: Let's see...BF makes his way overDH: (trying to suppress a laugh) Look at what your gf caught.BF: (smirking) Oh girlfriend....Me: (trying to see what was so funny) Oh... it's a bird.Turns out the bird stole my live bait.  No worries, the DH took the hook out if its mouth and set the little thief free.  Alas, I didn't go home with any fish that day.6/15/07 - Second Trip OutRedemption!!  No birds on my line this time, just fish!  I caught two calico bass that day!The crew was really helpful.  They remembered me and gave me a little more assistance to make sure I got something good this time.  There's a lot to learn for beginner like me, but they were really cool and answered all my questions and gave me some really useful tips.  Speaking of tips, make sure to give them a good one at the end of the trip, that's how they make their money.If you catch anything, the crew can fillet your fish for you for a small fee.  I believe it's $1.60 per fish.  The boat is large enough for about +-70 people.  There's also a small kitchen down below where you can buy food, snacks, and drinks (including beer).There's also a contest on the boat for whoever catches the biggest fish.  It's $3 to join, and the winner takes the pot.If you have connections to the military (who in SD doesn't?), you can get a discounted rate if you get the tickets at the base.  It's about $10 off.
<review# 2617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,8/11/2011,1515,967,54,37,26>I love this beach, and I love living 4 miles away from here. I love coming here, even if it's by myself. The scenic mountain and ocean view is awesome, it's so relaxing. The hiking trail is not intense, it's a short trail and at the end there's a secret cave. The hike down Blacks beach is easy, but the hike up in the hot sun is not so easy... I like tanning, BUT I HATE THE NUDE OLD MAN. I usually come here alone, and tan with my swimsuit, and I HATE HATE HATE when they come up to me an talk to me when they are naked. They always use the same line "I bet you never talked to a naked man like this before" YES I HAVE, now leave me alone, I just want to tan in peace. They love talking for hours, how they always come here, blah blah blah... All I'm thinking is "Gross, old saggy balls" I would tan nude but I get creep out by all the saggy balls. UGH. It is better to bring a bf/guy friend, but sometimes a girl just gotta have her peace and relaxing time alone to relax and escape the stress of the real world...No bf, no friends, and especially no naked old man with saggy balls thanks.P.S. If you decide to take the trail down (instead of the stair way) watch out for rattlesnakes! My bf and I ran into one, came so close to 3 ft from it. (Pics attached)
<review# 2618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,8/10/2011,971,479,12,13,16>"Aloha Wednesday" is the best time to visit Raw Mana Sushi Lounge located  in Seau's Restaurant Mission Valley.  Live Islander Music and Happy Hour all night.  I was also shocked that they served PRIMO Beer.  Yes, Hawaii's  Original beer for only $4.50.There's a private dinning area that can accommodate a larger party, chairs and tables located on the outside patio with heaters, seating surrounding the sushi bar where you can watch the sushi chef prepare your order and regular seating around the lounge.  Absolutely a great place to meet new and old friends.  My experience here has always been a positive one.   There is only one incident that I was a little disappointed.  I've ordered  the crunchy tempura roll quite often and it is always wrapped perfectly and bite size to fit my mouth. Let me reiterate that just once did this happen to me and I'm not sure if it was a new sushi chef training or not so nothing held against them.  My crunchy roll was double the size and the rice was not packed/smashed together.  Whenever I bit into my sushi it fell apart.  I watched another sushi chef wrap a spam musubi really good that I wanted to have a piece of that so I ordered one.  Just my luck it wasn't the same sushi chef and just say I would've wrapped it better.  He didn't smash it together that it was just falling apart. Overall, the taste was still there but messy.  Again, nothing against the new employee as you need to start somewhere.  My all time favorite islander band that entertains on most Wednesday's is "Stateside Islander Crew".  Check them out!  When Ben and the gang starts playing "Love I" from The Green, I make sure I get on that dance floor and dance my butt off.  I am definitely a fan of Raw Mana Sushi.  It reminds me of Mai Tai's in Hawaii (for those of you who knows about Mai Tai's, it's almost the same kind of crowd just no big Hawaiian local guys).  Whenever I need my Hawaii Islander fix, Raw Mana Sushi is the place I'll be.
<review# 2619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,8/9/2011,722,527,20,22,21>meat. sweats. occasionally i suffer from this nasty condition... it usually occurs when consuming large amounts of dead animal carcass grilled ever so perfectly over a hot flamin grill. korean style. mmmm.the GRUB: - 2 AYCE options here: the first All You Can Eat option ($20) is standard fare; bulgogi, kalbi, spicy pork and some other choices... but for $5 more @ $24.95; you get to include marbled pieces of rib eye, seafood (like baby octopus, squid, shrimp, etc), flower cut beef, etc... i totally enjoyed the upgrade, and feasted on all of afforementioned items... the meat is plentiful and of good quality, sliced perfectly for grilling, and the marinated items were seasoned very well. the table scissors made for easy cutting of the octopus and larger cuts of meat. the meat was the star of this show, and Manna BBQ does not disappoint.- the ban chan (side dishes) were tasty and pretty... yes, pretty. favorites included the asian tossed green salad, kim chee, thinly sliced daikon and rice paper for the meat, spicy bean sprouts, chap chae style noodles, creamy brocoli, and steamed egg - mmmmmm.- canned sodas, bottled water, and HITE (korean beer).the JOINT:- clean and modern- plenty of tables, but its popularity will keep you waiting for a table for at least half an hour...- LCDs for your viewing pleasure- nice bathrooms- parking lot is tighter than security at a nyc korean asian massage parlourthe SQUEEZE:- $20 for the regular AYCE, $25 for the upgrade- cash and card accepted- other menu items available other than AYCEFINAL SAY:good times, with good friends, and good grub - Manna BBQ is definitely the spot to hit for some serious KBBQ throwdowns.
<review# 2620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,8/8/2011,792,572,25,22,21>If I were on that show Intervention (which I hope to NEVER be on), it'd be for the crack shakes I'd get off the egg rolls at this spot.For whatever reason, I woke up one morning with a mean craving for some Vietnamese egg rolls.  I don't have it often, but when I had a craving, it had to be satisfied that day or no one in my immediate world would like being around me.It couldn't have come at a better time for this craving.  We were set to be at a pot luck in the Fashion Valley area for a late lunch and what better thing to bring than my crack egg rolls?Before I made my way from Carmel Valley to City Heights, I did a search for Vietnamese egg rolls on this lovely site to find some consistent, salivating reviews of the egg rolls my heart was pitter-pattering for.We got dressed, got in the car and I called ahead to phone in my order.  The guy that took my call asked when I needed it.  When I said thirty minutes, he said no problem.Good thing I had read up on the cash only disclosure.  For fifty egg rolls, it only cost me $22.50 out the door...yes, it was that stinkin' inexpensive my friends.The egg rolls were a hit at the pot luck, all 46 pieces that made it to the pot luck when we arrived that is.  I had to test one before we left A-Chau to make sure they were the ones I had in mind, tested a second one for quality control, tested a third one for consistency and the fourth one was to calm my crack shakes.  Just kidding, that was just an excuse to feed my addiction.It's been nearly three weeks since I've had my crack egg rolls.  I don't know when I'll feed this addiction next, but please, for the love of God, will someone please invite me to your next pot luck?  I'll have the crack egg rolls in hand.  All 40 pieces from the 50 I ordered because sharing is caring.
<review# 2621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2011,8/7/2011,184,236,19,20,19>I felt like I was in a bling bling museum and it was too gold and pink and multi colored for my poor small asian eyes to handle. I should wear sunglasses next time I step in.At first I was like 'HOLY CRAP that's an expensive burrito and taco...' but when I saw the portion sizes, my stomach was ecstatic. I think the surfin' california burrito was bigger than my calf. Crazy. And the surf and turf taco? This ain't your typical taco tuesday sized taco. Plus, the meats and shrimp are quality, and they definitely don't skimp!I ate half a burrito and half a taco and was ample-y satisfied. I spent the rest of the time using the chips to shovel the delish salsas into my mouth (mango salsa, pineapple salsa, salsa verde, salsa picante, cilantro cream salsa).If you're lookin' for a gourmet taco/burrito in a swanky swank spot, this is it.
<review# 2622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,8/6/2011,148,284,7,14,8>So it was a Saturday night and my stomach was growling after my evening nap, which was around 8pm. I was craving a mean piece of meat - but none of that TGI friday's stuff... something more satisfying. But what kind of place opens until pretty late AND serves delicious food? THIS ONE!It was to my delight that such a place opens so late : ) ! I checked out the website, and read that it is DIY steak .. on a communal grill. The communal part didn't really sound pleasant to me, because I'm pretty anal about keeping cleanliness, especially dealing with food. Nevertheless, I cleared my mind and decided to try it with my roommate.As we were on our way, we felt pretty glad that this place is located in the suburbs, especially since it's our first time there and we didn't know what the hell we were getting into. The parking lot is pretty small, and it was pretty packed (which is a good sign!). It is divided into a restaurant and a bar - with a live musical band playing in the bar side.We both ordered the dry-rubbed flat iron steak but we actually wanted to get the 'surf n turf' which comes with a seafood filet of the day. We came too late, it was sold out : ( We decided to share a side since the menu read it was big enough to share, and surely, the menu didn't lie.Our steaks came, and I asked our lovely waitress to kinda guide us through our new experience. Simple rules: 1. Order steak and side2. wait for steak to be served to table3. take your plate of raw steak to the grill4. choose a variety of sauces (teriyaki, worcestershire, bbq); put on grill (optional). GRILL!!! (both steak and garlic bread - comes with)5. take medium rare steak back to the table6. side comes out fresh 7. BON APPETIT !hands down one of the most tender and juiciest steak i've eaten, esp considering I grilled it myself at 9pm : ) The rub definitely gave it its flavor because all I added was worcestershire sauce! We ordered mashed potatoes on the side just because she said that the most ordered sides are the mac and cheese/mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes was very buttery and savory, and was a very generous portion!The steak tasted GREAT over a grill, reminding me of the great summer bbq nights, esp on a hot day. At first you may wonder why you would go to a restaurant to grill food yourself, but I guarantee it is a fun experience and totally worth a try. Plus, it helps that the food is delliiciouss!
<review# 2623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,8/5/2011,741,244,13,15,14>Saw this place one day when I was going for a walk, looked it up on Yelp and saw the great reviews.  I promised myself I would check it out since I really hate the laundry room in my apartment complex and the laundromat in the Von's shopping center...both being from hell I'm thinking. Laaaaaaaa....I walk in and I'm already excited.  Yes, excited about doing laundry.  Mostly brand new machines that look all fancy and the place is decorated very cool.  The owner (I wish I got his name) came in about 9am and started making a pot of coffee for us patrons and sprucing up the place.  Turning on their huge projector screen TV and telling me how they have the games on and also play WII.   Lots of parking, Free WiFI, Clean place and I feel safe.  They also have a punch card that after filled you can win cool prizes or even win $100 worth of laundry service.  If you are in need of a 2-banger machine, make sure to use the machines up closer to the front.  I did run into a problem but the owner fixed the problem and put my clothes in another washer and paid for it himself.    I also saw and used the biggest laundry dryer I have ever seen.  It's a 6-banger load...one big ass dryer.  I had like every single blanket I own in that thing and it handled it. Kudos to the owner...you Rock!!
<review# 2624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,8/4/2011,70,201,8,11,13>Why is Chamorro Grill categorized as Hawaiian? Born and raised on Guam, it saddens me that Guam doesn't get full credit for this DELICIOUS food. This place was the missing piece to my broken islander heart. I usually order the fiesta plate which comes with your choice of two meats (chicken, beef short ribs, pork ribs, beef), two scoops of red or white rice (RED RICE IS A MUST HAVE), and one side item. I've tried all of their meats and think they are equally flavorful. The chicken and beef short ribs are my favorite. Love their red rice. Love their chicken kelaguen. I could live without their pancit though.Definitely a home feel to this place. On Guam, everyone knows everyone. You don't exactly get that here in San Diego, but as soon as i walked up to the counter, one of the workers remembered me from school. We rode the same bus! Haha.
<review# 2625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,8/3/2011,302,349,7,13,10>An absolute jewel in downtown La Jolla!!! Ever since we moved, we often just have to give in to DON CARLOS SOYRIZO craving. I wish I knew how they make these faux meats because they're better than the real thing. I'm serious!! My favorites:- Potato Rolled Tacos w/ Guacamole- Soyrizo Burrito - Scripps Burrito, esp. if you're craving for that Carne Asada with Fries type of burrito- Jamaica, not too sweet and unlimited refills are nice! Don Carlos Taco Shop always accommodates our request to make all of their menu items vegan style (w/o cheese or sour cream), no problem, yet still makes the portion size humongous (1+ pound burritos y'all), as well as maintaining the quality of the ingredients... which is really rare in your typical hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints. Yay!! (Also FYI, there are extra seating outside for those of you wondering if the three tables are the limit of the seating area.)Thank you Don Carlos! We will be there again.
<review# 2626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,8/2/2011,186,122,9,18,13>In his career, Chef William Bradley was nominated for a James Beard "Rising Star Chef" for three years in a row and was a semifinalist for the James Beard Foundation award in 2010. His cuisine is simplistic yet sophisticated and artfully crafted to focus on flavors and textures. His talent and creativity earned Addison the recognition of being the only Southern California restaurant to receive Forbes Five Star and AAA Five Diamond award in 2009 & 2010.As a member of Relais & Chateaux, striving to impress a unique and memorable experience, Addison pairs the highest quality of service with cuisine that awakens the palate.Expectantly, the service was nothing short of phenomenal. The wait staff was attentive, efficient and welcoming. Addison's attention to detail was awe inspiring. From the starched and ironed linens, to the stool set by your side for personal belongings, segregation of every minute task to the escort available to lead you to the lavatories. Addison spoils its diners and who doesn't like to be spoiled?Our sommelier, Jesse Rodriguez was friendly, knowledgeable and instrumental in suggesting our take home wine. In search for a wine comparable to the Hitching Post, Jesse suggested Kristi Lynn Pinot Noir "Sebastian" 2008. For our meal however, we chose the wine pairings which impeccably complemented the courses.1st COURSE:Japanese hiramasa, pickled radish, cucumber & yuzu - texturally perfect and the citrus contrast elevated the hiramasaSchlob Gobelsburg, Gruner Veltliner, "Allerheriligenstiftung," Kamptal Austria 20092nd COURSE:~ Addison had just received a shipment of truffles so we opted for this course to be topped with shaved truffles at an additional charge ~Baked sablefish, dashi, uni and cremini mushrooms - this was not the entree I chose for my second course but I did steal a couple of bites and those couple of bites were amazingly good. The sablefish was tender and the accompaniments were not overpowering. The crunch factor of this dish was flavorful and alone, would be enough to satisfy a dinerGoat cheese risotto, caramelized garlic and smoked ham hock  - a dish with textures and flavors that played well togetherLeft Coast, Pinot Noir, Willamette Valley, Oregon 20053rd COURSE:Lamb crepinettes, potatoes "crousillant" and black olive port syrup - the lamb was moist and well seasoned. The potatoes were creamy and the first thing to go on my plate. The entree proportion was mindful to leave room for the remaining three coursesChateau Pibran, Cabernet Sauvignon/Merlot, Pauillac, France 20064th COURSE:Artisan cheese - there were two types of cheese in this course. One was soft and creamy while the other was sharp and dry. Both were delicious but, I most enjoyed the sharp tasting cheese5th COURSE:Apricot & wild berry confit, grand marnier "zabaglione" - this dessert left me desiring moreMichele Chiarlo, "Nivole," Moscato d' Asti, Piemonte, Italy 20076th COURSE:Spiced fig mille-feuille, brown butter caramel and creme fraiche gelato - loved the hard and soft contrasts with prominent flavors. The only disappointment I had was in me in not finishing this dish. At this point, I was ready to burstKopke, Colheita, Portugal Douro 1997At the end of this beautifully constructed meal, I had asked if they would give me a copy of their menu along with the wine pairings and to my pleasant surprise, I was given a chef signed menu especially typed to meet my request. Additionally, at the door waiting for me was my coat, my car and a special parting gift.The price for this wonderful experience was unsurprisingly pricey (~$780) but it was worth every penny. No regrets. As a matter of fact, I found where I will be having my birthday dinner.
<review# 2627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2009,7/29/2009,306,190,18,22,23>ohhhhhhhhh myyyyyyyyyy gaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwd.I felt like I was at home here... their beans that were PERFECT... and it was just straight up good home-cooked style mexican food. Brought back fond memories, for sure.You see, I grew up in a barrio-like community in Vista,... and a lot of the food I had reminded me of the dinners I was lucky enough to take part in as a child. Comfort food at its best, for a SD-native like me... while in place that had a GREAT tequila list + ambiance that was to die for? Count me in!PLUS, you can just tell from stepping in - that they've built a strong rapport with those who choose to dine here. The staff is EXCELLENT and comes with my highest recommendations. They were on par here with the service, constantly bringing my husband and I a bowl of chips when ours ran low, or bringing us the homemade salsa. ...oh and the guac?? TASTED LIKE MINE that I make at home! ...freaking crazy, I loved it.On top of that, they have fresh corn tortillas brought in each day... and you can tell the quality of food you find here is GREAT. I love that I can get mexican comfort food while feeling like I'm somewhere other than a dingy hole-in-the-wall, while still maintaining intimacy with those I dine with.This was my first, but absolutely NOT my last visit.
<review# 2628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2009,7/28/2009,189,207,56,27,28>What!? What!? In the butt!Now if I did it that way I wouldn't need you as much as I have. PPH, I'm not gonna lie. You've been damn good to me. Whenever I visit you I hear nothing but good news. I mean you give me free condoms. Free lube. Free information. Your'e always there to tell me that I haven't contracted any herpasyphorea disease or any other STD's. You've been there to tell me that it's not mine and that it's never gonna be mine...remember that time when I was 17 and first started doin' it!? Thanks PPH! You're stand up.I thought that I might write about my first time having sex for this review but than I wouldn't have been able to fit "What!? what!? In the butt!" anywhere in the paragraph. I've got to say it twice now...Also, can I mention that PPH will help you with...well..I won't say it but it rhymes with "smish shmortion"
<review# 2629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,7/27/2009,109,41,21,21,23>Don't be fooled by its lame name. Suite & Tender sticks out like a shiny, polished, french-manicured thumb amid the riffraff-infested mess that is the downtown dining scene.I used to send my fabulous friends visiting from equally fabulous cities to Quarter Kitchen at the Ivy Hotel if they were staying downtown, always with an apology in advance for the mediocre food at ridiculous prices. (And yes, I do actually like my friends, so I realize the utter lameness of this recommendation. I am a sick, twisted bitch.)Now I will send them to Suite & Tender instead. And I'm pretty sure they won't hate me for it.The low-lit lounge on the ground level is so warm and rich and tranquil and sexy that I was tempted to grab the nearest server and start making out. But I refrained, as my man probably wouldn't approve. Even though she was hot.The dining room upstairs is equally dope, but I won't bore you with descriptors like "casually elegant."Go straight to the restroom instead. And bring your date with you. That's right, kids, it's co-ed. Not as in "let's all do our business separately then meet in the middle at the unisex sink to wash our hands and sneak glances at the opposite sex and giggle" co-ed.  It's really, really CO-ED.And it could easily be mistaken for a mausoleum. You'll see what I mean. It'll trip you the fu*k out.The restroom sets the stage for Suite & Tender's "no rules" mantra, from the decor to the ambiance to the cuisine. Another case in point? The menu features bacon as an appetizer. Not wrapped around any fancy shit. Just bacon. By itself. Sizzling, maple-cured strips of heaven. I wanted to weep when it first came out it was so beautiful.If you're a salty, self-righteous hipster, don't come here. Stick to your beloved North Park hole in the wall. It's cool.But if you're willing to dress up just a little for a bigger night out, sans the pretension and bullshit of most downtown spots, Suite & Tender is worth a visit -- even if just for a cocktail in the lounge, an order of bacon, and a quick trip to the potty.
<review# 2630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,7/26/2009,144,90,15,16,13>I took a bet that for $30 I couldn't be vegetarian from the first week of October 2008 until the 17th of June 2009.If not for Sipz, I'd have lost that bet, $30, and the honor I instilled into the bet long ago.Though the service is not always as quick or friendly as it could be, the food arrives quickly, is fresh, flavorful, and mostly vegan!I've ordered the Thai Curry Chicken, several vegan Sushi rolls, the Potstickers, the "ham" dumplings, the Tom Yum Soup, the Veggie Delite, and the Peppered Pork.All of the above were well worth their price (substantial quantities of food) and were delicious.A note about the "soy-meat" or "chicken." If you've ever watched the Seinfeld episode "The Non-Fat Yogurt" you'll understand the horror on everyone's faces as they weigh themselves to discover they're actually gaining weight by eating "healthier."Similarly, as I sank my teeth into the soft, juicy, tender meat--er, "chicken," a brief wave of euphoria washed over me. Like a meaty dream, filled with rainbows and floating chickens, cows, and ahi tuna steaks... Suddenly, a pang of terror flashed across my face! Could this be ---duh duh duh---REAL?!Yes indeedy, for the vegetarian who's starved for animal flesh, this stuff tastes and has the texture of chicken. Packed with protein and made from wheat gluten, the stuff might as well be chicken, minus the possibility of communicable disease from China.I beg all of you vegans and vegetarians to visit the place. There's too much to extol right now in one review.
<review# 2631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2009,7/24/2009,792,572,26,23,24>Laura:  "Hey!  Syrah is opening tonight!  Come see me Missy!!"Me:  "Twist my arm...okay, okay!" So that's how I ended up at the soft opening of the newest joint in the Gaslamp called Syrah.  I was excited to write about this place as soon as I got home to only find out (via a text message from Jay Disco) that Ruggy had already beat me to it...lol!Read his review and it's right on with everything.  I remember when this space used to be Club 66 wayyyy back in the day.  I know I just aged myself by mentioning that, but I completely forgot that it used to be ROX until I read Ruggy's review.Fast forward a few years later and you have the beautiful, intriguing, Syrah in the Gaslamp hood.  The owners did an awesome job of making you feel like you were a part of Alice in Wonderland (great analogy Ruggy!) by bringing the outdoors in.  When you make it down the stairs and past the ugly plethora of bumper sticker wall paper that's really not part of the newness of Syrah, you'll know you're in for a mysterious treat when you make your way through the manicured fake grass walls.Syrah felt clean and refreshing.  I was under the impression it was strictly a wine bar, but was happy to see they weren't.  They had an array of complimentary specialty drinks tonight, but I didn't try any of them because all the bartenders were slammed.  My friend and I opted for a glass of Pinot Grigio and beer since it was quick and simple.After getting our drinks, we wandered around for a bit to take it all in.  There's ample seating in this lounge, so that gives you little space to dance since there's no dance floor anyway.  On the very end of the one long bar they have, there's a cheese bar designed as if you were expecting to see a sushi chef behind there.  They had a good array of fancy cheeses and some meats to try, but I didn't get to try any of  that since it was so busy.  Oh well...next time!The music was chill, the crowd was mixed and I noticed a lot of very tall, beautiful women up in here, it made me feel like a midget and I'm 5'5".  There were some good looking guys as well, no douche-bag, Ed Hardy T's were spotted so that's a plus!I definitely want to go back to Syrah not just because my buddy Laura is a bartender there (she's awesome by the way!!!), but it's a new place that filled a niche some friends and I were trying to find in the Gaslamp:  a cool lounge where we can chill.  At our age, we're so over the hard-core club scene, but this provides us with a balancing act of being close to where the happenings are without having to deal with the oontz oontz oontz partying in the neighboring clubs.Kudos to Syrah! =)
<review# 2632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2009,7/23/2009,31,78,44,24,27>Ladies, listen up.  This is a GREAT first date bar, I took a guy here thinking, "what's a bar nearby my place where there won't be any attractive female competition?" (because I'm insecure like that) and the Nite Owl was definitely the right choice.  Not only was I the ONLY female in there for most of the night (save the bartender Connie, who was, might I add, super friendly but probably on something) but I ended up impressing the shit out of him with my ability to withstand offensive odors, unwarranted sexual advances by homeless men and impossibly strong shots.  The female bathroom was also shockingly clean.  The soap is industrial strength, but that's probably for the better.This bar is legendary, and I defy any of you Silver Fox patrons to tell me that is a true "dive bar" after spending some time at the Nite Owl.  Amateurs.
<review# 2633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,7/22/2009,741,244,19,23,18>The verdict is in so far La Posta in Hillcrest is my favorite!! It was their green hot sauce...damn it's hot and damn it's so fricken tasty. The bad thing for my waist is that it's only a 5 minute walk from my office. I was a Taco Bell fan when I lived in Sacramento. Sacramento has like two taco shops that are ok. But now I live in the land of Mexican food and have so many choices I will never venture back to TB again. My favorite are their bean& cheese burritos, followed by their carne asada fries and rolled tacos. There are no indoor seating but they do have 4 table out front. It's pretty much a sideshow every time I go during lunch time even. Today this guy was having his burrito with his 40oz and his pit bull. I'm still sweating from their hot sauce...yes it hurts so good.
<review# 2634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,7/21/2009,620,1444,11,17,16>I came here for my birthday dinner and although this isn't a $$$$ place, it was still a $$$ place and since the S&P 500 had lost 16.9% since Jan. 1, 2009 until my birthday, I was thinking maybe we should have gone to Chuck E. Cheese. Oh yeah, I don't know how Yelpers gave Piatti a $$ rating unless everyone who came here got the marinara, no appetizer, and no wine. But to our surprise, the restaurant didn't feel recession-ey at all since it was jam packed and there were at least a dozen people who were waiting w/o a reservation. Just about everyone at the restaurant was practically dressed to the nines and Piatti was full of good-looking people - UCSD must be out on break... I'm a UCSD alum so I can make that joke.   To kickoff the night, they gave us a personalized birthday greeting on the menu which made it a little more special. At the top of the menu read, "Happy Birthday Brian," and although it didn't melt my heart (I don't think I have one), it was impressive for a chain restaurant to make a specialized greeting. We probably went through at least six baskets of bread (for four people) since the sauce on every dish was delicious. Mops at Home Depot are made of a cotton blend; mops at Piatti are made of delicious flour and yeast. It wasn't bread of the Mt. Olympus gods but the bread was really good.Foreplay consisted of thymus glands of calves - sweetbreads. I had the sweetbreads to put my taste buds into the mood and yes, the dish put my taste buds into the mood. It came with a bunch of mushrooms which I loved. The veal thymus glands and mushrooms were in some sort of wine sauce which was delicious. I didn't leave a drop of sauce for the trashcan as I mopped the dish with bread. Also, the mops at Piatti are 100% biodegradable since we turned it into poo, well after about six hours of digesting. My main dish was the pappardelle with shrimp; excellent house-made noodles with jumbo shrimp although they could have served it without the shrimp tails. What did I do with the leftover sauce? I mopped it up!! At the table, we tried each other's dish and I have to say that all the dishes were yummy in my tummy. My friend ordered the grilled polenta as an appetizer and that was wickedly satisfying. Tiramisu to talk about! We got this as a birthday "treat" from the restaurant but didn't order any other dessert since my friend baked a wonderful cake for the lucky birthday boy. Service was very good even though there wasn't a single empty table. Negatives: Cramped seating; very, very loud; and the wine was served at or a little above room temperature. Oh the garlic dipping sauce expectations were blown out of hand - it was way too spicy. Regardless, I'll be back!
<review# 2635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,7/19/2009,472,335,15,16,15>I was probably one of the first 50 people to ever do Cafe Ventanas some business, since I was an on-campus freshman at the brand spanking new ERC campus (that wasn't even completed by the time we moved in, by the way).  Ventanas provided me with the college dining experience that I know.  It was breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  It was fine dining or global marketplace Wednesday nights, where we'd feast on 14-ounce prime rib with au jus or try things like reindeer sausage or roast rabbit.  It was personal size pizzas made to order (they're now served by the slice), and ranch from the salad bar for generous pizza dipping.  It was Japanese language tables.  It was random night entertainment like capoeira or belly dancers.  It was an ice cream sandwich in the middle of the day just because you can.  It was a bag of pita and a jar of Nutella.  It was ludicrously priced drinks.  It was a bowl of oatmeal with all the raisins and brown sugar you can load.  It was clam chowder Fridays, especially during Lent.  It was getting hooked up because your friends are either employees at Ventanas, or they're ERC RA's.  It was checking out the females in their jammies picking up some milk or candy for studying, or in their gym gear stopping by on their way back from RIMAC.  It was never eating alone because there's always someone you knew, whether it was a suitemate or a classmate that needed to eat too.  It was wireless internet.  It was, for me, the center of on-campus life.
<review# 2636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2009,7/18/2009,268,411,15,16,17>While waiting for the Padres game to start, my friend mentioned there was a place with dollar shots. Honestly, that sounds kind of shady... how can anything be so cheap? But we went anyway.When you first walk up to the place, you notice that you can see your reflection on the outside (= you can't see the inside). I walked in, a little afraid, but this place was very warm and friendly. The waitress immediately greeted us and told us the specials. Dollar shots, cheap food, cheap pitchers/pints. YES.The boys ordered some hot dogs and the cook told us it would be 5 minutes. No problem. But apparently, he thought that was a long time, because he hooked us up with free nachos for the "inconvenience". Okay, sure. :) These weren't the best nachos ever, but they came with cheese, jalepenos, and onions. Plus, they were free!I had bites of both the hot dog and the polish dog, both of which were delicious and generously topped with various toppings. I must mention that they were only four dollars each! Oh yea, I also tried the dollar shots, ordering 4 tequila shots. It wasn't the best tequila but it was only a dollar each, how can you complain? :)I think getting our bill was the funniest part of this experience. I felt like we were robbing them... 2 hot dogs, 15 shots, and nachos... for 23 dollars. WTF??Just come here. Honestly, i still can't get over it... 23 dollars.... hahahaha
<review# 2637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,10/9/2014,1706,705,11,17,13>Let me count the ways that this is a 5 star location!1. I don't know anywhere else where I can go olive oil tasting2. The olive oil AND balsamic vinaigrette is delicious3. You can't tell from the outside, but this place has an ocean view4. Their paninnis are delicious! and I loved the baby kale salad that came with it. It was quite amazing.5. Their wine was very complimentary to the food6. The service was great and as my date noted, they looked like they stepped out of a magazine! Good looking folks.Tips:  There isn't a lot of seating so reserve ahead of time.  We were lucky to be seated when we walked in on a Saturday afternoon.I had wanted to go to this place for my birthday back in June but unfortunately I had a death in the family and could not go. It worked out almost better as a date place than a special event location since it was so small.Bon appetit!
<review# 2638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,10/8/2014,175,250,7,13,11>The lunch special sushi combo for $13 includes miso soup or noodle soup, tuna, salmon, albacore, eel and spicy tuna nigiri with 2 PC California roll (imitation crab.) The noodle soup was delicious and bigger than I expected.  Excellent quality sushi (on par with Azuki and Ota) and the atmosphere was clean and modern.  Excellent service.  I highly recommend! Next time I want to try the chirashi bowl.
<review# 2639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,10/7/2014,117,105,8,14,10>SMOTHERED TOTS!  Where have you been all my life?   Your crispy airy sweet goodness caressed lovingly by the savory saucy meaty goodness that is the pulled pork on top.   I can't even fathom why this business is not open until 2:30 am serving these tater tots (even if it's just the tots - smothered or not)  or how rich the owner would be if it was.  Because I think it would be drunk heaven.  Live Wire bouncers would no longer have to lie and yell about an imaginary  taco truck outside in order to clear the bar - they could simply whisper 'smothered tots' and there would be a stampede for the door.Smothered tots aside (okay one last *drooool* - now really, moving on):Food, Service, Experience - they were all top-notch.  We came here with a large party of 20 people, and were amazed at how well it went.  The owner and staff were all so accommodating and friendly.  They reserved the tables for us early, so we could come 30 minutes ahead and decorate.  The servers provided separate checks (including the many rounds of alcoholic beverages) for everyone   - without us even having to ask.   They got all the food out in a very timely manner and all of the orders were correct to the tee.   The owner even came up and asked the birthday girl what kind of music she wanted on the sound system, and gave her a complementary glass (a very FULL glass)  of wine.The food itself was delicious.   The portions are HUGE (I couldn't even eat half of my entree).   I got the chicken with collard greens and green beans and all was delicious.  I'm not from the south, so am not qualified to judge the authenticity, but this SoCal-native foodie loved it.  The chicken was moist and crispy, the veggies were flavorful and buttery, and the sauce was smokey and sweet and delicious.  My table-neighbor got the smothered tots (and i think you can guess how i feel about those) which I munched  a lot of and it was still more than enough to be his entree.   I talked to everyone in my party about the food and their experience, and everyone was equally as happy as I was (even the token vegetarian who ordered the veggie burger).  I would highly recommend this place and can't wait to come back again myself.
<review# 2640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,10/6/2014,242,397,14,15,15>I feel like I haven't sufficiently raved about this place so let me rave some more. Michelin needs to discover this place. It's seriously downtown, black-tie quality, and they could conceivably charge five times the price. On our most recent visit, we ordered the "karie" curry, which comes off as an exceptional blend of a seemingly Indian-style curry with coconut. That's the best I can do to describe the flavor. We also ordered the "kai yang" roasted chicken with an excitingly deep taste that makes one really want to pick the bones clean.Summary: I swear I don't work for this place.
<review# 2641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,10/5/2014,159,168,10,12,12>The Cravory always leaves me with a big smile and a happy tummy!! The new flavors are absolutely delish so make sure you're stoppin by at least one a week (yea I said it) to make sure you give a chance to have the flavor(s) of the month or a daily new creation! Aaaaand the flavor of the month for April is HALO HALO!! Whaaaat whaaat! They have a reward card so you get a stamp for every dozen you buy which is awesome!! The decor looks great and all I need now is for the Cravory to sell milk with their amazing cookies :)
<review# 2642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,10/4/2014,31,100,7,10,8>I love this place. Like, maybe a little too much (just kidding, that's just my paycheck talking, not my taste buds or my tummy). Let me start off by saying that I am not vegan. I had been a vegetarian for over 10 years and only recently re-introduced seafood into my diet. That being said, I would recommend this place to anyone. Plain and simple, this place has great food made with fresh/organic/non-GMO ingredients. Prices are a bit high, but considering the quality of the ingredients and the fact that I am not the type to sit in my kitchen and soak/dehydrate nuts to assemble raw burgers or make raw tacos...etc. it seems worth it.In addition, I love the people that work here. I should do a better job of learning their names (I am so rude, ugh). The actual place is pretty small, but they have a cute outdoor seating area. Just as a heads up, it can get pretty busy during lunch hours. So, even though it's Evolution Fast Food - it's might not be as fast as the name leads on.As for the food, I realized going through the pictures on my phone that I have tried a lot of their menu (#fatty):-Raw Tacos - maybe my favorite item on the menu. -Raw Burger - not as filling as the raw tacos, in my opinion, but yummy, nonetheless. I get mine with guacamole or avocado. Depending on how sassy I'm feeling.-Raw Hummus Wrap - on the smaller side. Good taste, but usually pair it up with a salad to make it more filling.-Tofu Pesto Wrap - I don't typically eat that much soy, but they use non-GMO tofu.The pesto always tastes fresh and I like the tortillas they use.-Sweet potato fries - I could eat these all day. I mean it - get these.-French Fries - I'd go for the sweet potato fries instead.-Side Salad - Even though the container looks small, it is PACKED with veggies. Like, open-with-caution-because-a-rogue-piece-of-kale-­might-fly-out-and-nail-you-in-the-eye packed.-Kale Salad - Also one of my favorites. Really fresh, light, clean.-Raw Scramble - I wasn't sure what to expect, but it's surprisingly full of flavor. -Easy Ryder sandwich - Pretty good, but I prefer the Jumbo Veggie Sandwich.-Jumbo Veggie Sandwich - Fresh and packed with veggies! Love the sprouted hemp bread they use.-Black Bean Burger (southwest burger) - Surprisingly, I prefer the raw burger.-BLTA sandwich - It was one of their daily specials, and it really was special (maple bacon tempeh...mmm).-soup du jour - my colleagues and I went through a phase (and by phase, I mean winter) where we got their soups pretty much every day. Haven't had one that I didn't like, but their curry soups are top notch.-Israel's Tonic (I think it was renamed to Magic Elixir) - If you are ever feeling under the weather, grab one of these to help boost your immune system.WOW. I don't go here a lot or anything (...YIKES). Actually, writing this review made me feel like a total jerk. I can't believe that I remember all these items, but only one employee's name. #rude
<review# 2643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,10/3/2014,307,222,5,26,7>Everyone has told me that this place is the same exact setup as Soak City after Seaworld has bought out the place. But personally, I have never been to Soak City so i did not know what to expect.Buy your tickets online for fast entry ! They currently have a deal online for $5 off for one day regular admission. Instead of $40, I paid $35 each plus $2.99 service fee.PARKING:Regular Cars $15Motorcycles $10RVS $20I arrived around 1pm and there was quite a long line for the ticket booth, but since I ordered my tickets online, I just showed them my tickets and they simply scanned it and I was in within 5 minutes.No outside food or drinks allowed except for water. Your bags will be checked.We brought in a large jug of water which was extremely helpful because we did not have to buy any drinks or drink from the water fountain.They offer small lockers for $12, medium lockers for $15 and large lockers for $20.One small locker is enough to fit two peoples items or one large bag. I would only suggest a medium or large locker if you have more than one large bag/backpack or with a large family. There are a lot of people who do just leave their stuff laying around by all the beach chairs if you aren't protective of what you have brought.They also have multiple showers and large dressing rooms. Bathrooms are pretty clean for what they are and the best part is that there are never any lines for the bathrooms because they have plenty of stalls !FOOD:Instead of just getting the plain burgers and fries, we ordered thePulled Pork French Fry Cone with Pico De Galo $7.99Add Jalapeno Cheese $0.79.and another Pulled Pork French Fry Cone with only Chipotle Mayo $7.99Side of Jalapenos (FREE)This was probably one of the best food items I have ever eaten at any theme parks.  The french fries were perfectly fried and crispy. They are the fat fries. Topped with pulled pork which was soft and juicy. It was like eating a mini carnitas fries in a paper cone. It was pretty awesome.Funnel cake with strawberries, fudge, and soft serve $10After we returned our locker key, we recieved a $5 coupon that is redeemable towards any merchandise or food item. So we only paid $5 for the funnel cake. The funnel cake seemed a bit over cooked. Most parts was crispy hard crunchy which is supposed to be more of a crunchy soft. Nonetheless all the toppings made it sweet.RIDES:Tassie's Twister - This was our favorite ride. It fits from 2-4 people. If you are a group of two, you can skip ahead of groups of 4 if tubes of 2 become available. BEWARE OF YOUR BUTT. As soon as we were dropped down the slide, our butts started burning from the friction so we had to hold ourselves up. Other than that, it takes you through a tunnel and into a giant funnel like twister. Taumata Racer- My second favorite. You just grab a sliding mat and line up! You slide down some twisty tunnels and then drop down 375foot slide. Kinda intense but really fun.Walhalla Wave- Another fun ride for groups of 2-4 people. This one sits a bit more comfortably because you can fit your whole body inside. Getting splashed is mandatory.Big Surf Shores- A cute little pool area that goes up to 6ft deep with a waterfall at the end. About every 20minutes or so, waves are released for about 5 minutes where you get the chance to "ride" the waves. &No the waves are not huge.Loggerhead Lane- This is the lazy river. Its a pretty big lazy river that runs through 1/3 of the park. There are plenty of tubes so just grab one and start floating along!Walkabout Waters- This is the big water playground for the kids (& adults). Its a giant obstacle course full of water tricks and games. They also have two smaller water slides for the younger children who aren't tall enough to go on the big ones.There are about 7 rides/slides and 7 other attractions. Overall, most rides or water slides are about 20minute wait. Some require tubes, Some require just your body. Do not recommend wearing your sandals/shoes/sunglasses while riding any of these, they will require you to take them off for the time being or hold them on your journey down. I had a fun experience but I would probably only come back if I got an awesome deal of a seasonal/yearly pass since it is always sunny here in San Diego!
<review# 2644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,10/2/2014,185,96,11,9,8>I don't live here but have a friend who does. Wowzers this place is swanky! The pool and hottub are super sweet with a killer view! There's a huge kitchen, pool table and couches in the lounge area. We will definitely be planning some parties there soon! The place is extremely well designed, super upscale and yup'd out hard. That being said, the rent is high! Like really high! The crowd is young rich snoody folks. Haha. I'm probably being too mean but there's no shortage of plastic and pocket size dogs living there. Anywho, 5 stars!!!
<review# 2645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,10/1/2014,2068,297,9,16,9>If you're looking for the most authentic Japanese joint in town with high quality sushi you'd expect in Japan, this is the place to hit up!  Don't be turned off by the fact that it's in the same center as 7-11.  This place has plenty of Japanese patrons, which tells you how authentic it really is.Make reservations before you go because it's nearly impossible to grab a seat just by walking in. And call ahead of time (earlier in the day or the day before) because they can be booked out for the entire evening.I highly suggest you sit at the sushi bar. You can watch the chefs do their magic! And most of the time, they'll be happy to keep an ongoing conversation with you throughout your dining experience, giving you some brief stories of where the fish is sourced from. They'll even pass you some tasters (one of the main reasons I like to sit at the bar). The sashimi is probably some of the highest quality cuts I've had just about anywhere and tastes damn fresh (and I've dined at a number of establishments in Japan as well)! The chirashi bowl is a perfect blend of all the popular fish cuts! It's well presented and hands down the best bowl you can get in SD. The sweet shrimp is also fresh (practically still alive as it's unshelled with the head still moving when you receive the plate). Have the chef grill up the head once you finish the raw pieces!And the uni? Man, it's even more fresh than all the other dozen sushi joints I've tried in Japan! It literally melts in your mouth and is so damn savory! Grab your at least two, because one is simply a tease!And if you really want to treat yourself to all the seafood porn, order all the daily specials while you are sitting at the bar (expect to clock out $100-150, which is totally worth the heavenly experience)!
<review# 2646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/30/2014,1020,575,11,12,12>2000th review!I've been here on a couple of occasions, usually a nice splurge with the co-workers after a long night shift. A few tips:Come early during the weekdays to avoid the crowds.Parking is somewhat of a challenge, but make your way around the neighborhood and you'll find metered parking around and the Walgreens parking lot is cheap.Free house coffee while you wait.A pancake flight is awesome to share with friends who also crave a little sweet with their meal but too cheap to order a stack of pancakes for themselves.Overall, a good spot to grab breakfast con amigos.4 out of 5...would bang. ;)
<review# 2647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,7/6/2007,177,149,3,9,8>In the words of Veruca Salt, "I want it NOW".Lefty's was such a welcome addition to the neighborhood.A small spot that packs a punch.  These guys are my heroes!!!Walk in and see the "sold-by-the-slice" pizza in the case.  However, wise up and pick up a menu.  Soak it all in.  Take a friend.  It will give you an excuse to order at least 3 items and share them.A wide range of dishes.Appetizers and salads.  Not to be passed off as girly food.  Please note, everything made at Lefty's is filling and you get a hefty portion. YAYYYYYY.  Can you say "bang for your buck?"As I continue my "tour de carbonara" I am happy to report that Lefty's gets a thumbs up in my book.  Though they use bacon, it is still great and maybe, just maybe that deviation from the classic is what made me like this hole in the wall even more.  Ummm...the dry guy taking my order w/the deadpan delivery.  That made me like this place too.Chicago-style hot dogs, burgers, italian beef sandwiches.  meatball sandwiches, subs........the list goes on and now I wish I had an excuse for the 6 entrees for 3 people.  Hey, it's in the name of research.Pizza choices are so vast that they deserve their own menu.  Thin & cripsy, stuffed or deep dish (my choice, thanks).  The specialty pizzas are the way to go.  Let their combinations take your breath away.  Oh, food hasn't done that too you before?  Then poor you!!!Vegetarian options are plentiful and there is even dessert but as far as I'm concerned, can you put another piece of pizza on my plate and keep the dessert?Street parking can be tricky on friday/sat nights.  Be smart and call in your order on a busy night.  If you walk in and order, cruise on over to Bluefoot for a drink while you wait.  More than a 4-top??? Then take your food home and devour it there.  Be polite while you wait in line.  This staff is nice and down to earth.  Be appreciative.  Good things await you.
<review# 2648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2007,7/5/2007,34,34,7,8,5>The perfect Pre-Game joint to get your pizza & beer.  Inside looks like an unfinished warehouse, with industrial ree bar coming out of the ceiling.  We sat at one of their longer tables and ordered pizza that either comes in large or small.  We had ordered 2 smalls that were actually pretty big.  Because Basic serves pizza that is flat bread style, I was able to put away those slices pretty quickly.  Normally I'm a 2-3 slice kind of girl but I put back at least twice that.  Very light and tasty.Unexpectedly they have an amazing pear and candied walnuts salad.  In fact the candied walnuts were extra candied!  The service is brusque, uninformative, and slow. While waiting for our food and drinks, I spent the time trying to figure what our server's crazy back and arm tattoos were.Food, salad, and drinks were awesome!  Here's a tip, due to the flat bread pizza being so thin, don't order more than 2 toppings otherwise it might pull a "Macarthur Maze" and Collapse.
<review# 2649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2007,7/4/2007,862,317,2,9,6>Perry's is a diner in old style truck stop sort of style. I was a little surprised to see another reviewer say that "if you are health conscious, you better find somewhere else to eat". I am health conscious and I have never found selection or quality to be an issue at this diner.The menu is huge. There is plenty to choose from. We always tend to order the same thing when we're in for breakfast simply because it's so good. Unlike many diners, Perry's offers any of their specialty pancakes in a whole wheat batter. That, my friends, is plenty health conscious enough for me.The coffee is decent and fresh. Service is usually competent.The atmosphere is...well....what do you want? This place is a family run diner that's been around for years.
<review# 2650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2007,7/3/2007,137,642,26,11,11>I would sacrafice my firstborn if Phil would baste the child in barbeque sauce and serve it with a side of beer battered onion rings.
<review# 2651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,7/1/2007,252,531,13,9,9>This is my gas station! There's one closer to my house and two more on the way to this one, but I go the three miles out of the way to put gas here.The gas is always the freshest, and I heard they grow their own oil, so it's all organic. I'm very environmentally conscious, so I wouldn't dare buy gas that would hurt our ozone layer.O.k, now for the real reason: the gas is cheaper here!!!!It's always at least 10 cents cheaper, and yesterday it was 20cents!!!The place is sometimes packed, but not a long wait.
<review# 2652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2007,6/30/2007,202,136,42,20,20>Ok, so not that I need everyone in the Yelp world knowing that I like to make my kitty as pretty as possible, but hey I already did my Beaucage Salon review in Boston so I minus well let everyone know that Yes, I did it again (actually 3 more times), and Yes, I'd do it again.My initial visit to the enticingly named "Pretty Kitty" was actually back in December upon my 2nd visit to sunny San Diego to see my trans-continental lover.  It wasn't, however, my choice to go---it was a "Welcome-to-San-Diego, here's-a-gift-certificate-to-get-the-hair-in-the-­most-sensitive-region-of-your-body-yanked-out-by-­their-roots-5-minutes-after-getting-off-your-7-­hour-plane-trip-because-I-love-you" gift from my romantic boyfriend.  Apparently my mentioning to him earlier in a phone call that I might want to get another Brazilian done somewhere in San Diego gave him the bright idea to go and buy me a certificate for when I landed.  Wow, so they DO listen.....(yea, when it's gonna benefit them too right?....)Anyway, so I agreed to do it since I was considering it anyway.  I wasn't that nervous about it at all, that is, until we got to the place and I realized that I was about the experience the most painful thing I've ever experienced in my life (since I've never given birth).  Why do girls do it? Seriously?  For love? Hell no. That's what I thought I did it for the first time.  This time was for vanity and appearance.  I reminded myself what it looked like before and how smooth it felt so I went on in bravely.  I could take the pain.  Besides, when I was walking in a French guy was walking out having just ripped off all his chest and stomach hair for the first time looking like he was about to cry.  Yea, I couldn't let a GUY show me up.So I walked in, took the pain for about 10 minutes, and walked out feeling like a brand new woman.  Trish, the woman who worked on me did a great job, kept me talking the whole time, and made sure to pluck out (yes pluck, ouch) any strays.Since then, I went again during my visit in March and even opted to get the bottom half of my legs waxed, which I'm ashamed to say I was really worried would hurt.  Yea, after a Brazilian getting your legs waxed is like getting a freakin hair cut.
<review# 2653,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/30/2007,6/28/2007,79,135,13,9,6>Okay, time to reveal an amazing secret. You know how there's always that one guy at the office holiday party with the absolutely perfect white elephant gift? Chances are, they got it at Ross. This Ross in particular (as mentioned in the previous review) is especially good, tucked away as it is.Straight back to the left is tchotchke paradise. Oversized porcelain cherubs, wide-eyed puppy and kitten garden sculptures and adorable friendly turtles are all here. But it gets better. There are shelves of weird and creepy knickknacks, like the sculpture of a slender waiter with the head of a dog, or the cloying faux-alabaster "children playing in the garden" figurines with their dead, vacant eyes. Naturally, you can also find tiny upholstered easy chairs and festive glowing penguin statues.Ross is also great for cooking utensils, if you don't mind last year's models and some questionable colors. I've found some good-quality stainless steel pots here too (among the acres of crappy aluminum stuff).Finally, all their clothing skews baggy (everything seems to be cut for 300 pound men). Seriously, even their smallest shirts fit me like nightgowns.
<review# 2654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2007,6/27/2007,1070,429,17,8,9>When I reminisce about the good ol' days of college, way back in 2006, my meandering drunk stories always seem to end on Coti's. Or whenever I start going into a "What I Crave Most" kick with my buddies, it inevitably ends with some variation on the following:I would damn near sleep with my best friend's grandmother for a taste of some of that deelish carne asade fries heaven from Coti's.Either one of their locations, too. While the one on Genesee might be historically more popular for UCSD students than this one out on Clairemont Mesa, I have one word for you all:BUSHES.That's right. There are BUSHES in front of this Cotixan. Need to dodge the police hunting for underage drunk kidlets? BUSHES.Feeling kind of sleepy and looking for a place to rest? BUSHES.Maybe that 11th shot of Popov was a poor choice after all? BUSHES. I'm obviously farrrrrrr too mature for such ridiculousness now. Obviously.(Coti's, I miss you baby!)
<review# 2655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2007,6/26/2007,141,66,8,7,5>Ventured into SD's "barrio" (barrio logan) with boyfriend for a Tuesday night dinner.  The Guild glowed blue on the corner next to a house with barred windows. No signs of gangbangers, streetwalkers or dealers, alas. (So this is what we deem the ghetto here in SD, huh?) Faint chuckling in background.Walking in, I noticed a small bar to the right with no patrons. Understandable for a Tuesday night off the beaten track. And perhaps due to the fact they don't have a full liquor license. If your idea of a cocktail is something harder than a soju martini or a bold, fruit forward cab you'll have to stroll on over to the nearest liquor store and brown bag it. Their "soft" offerings were numerous and interesting, however.  BF was giddy upon seeing his favorite beer ("chimay blue") on the menu while I lingered over the atypical yet affordable choices of wine. (Most wines are available by the glass and, notably,  by taste. The most expensive bottle was $64, so they're obviously not aiming to lure suits with heavy dough to blow on a jacked up bottle of ego boost). Not being a soju fan, I started with a champagne cocktail: prosecco with peach and strawberry puree- subtle, bubbly, fruity, not overly sweet. a chick drink done right. BFopts for a smooth, complex syrah. score: tied, BF 1, Me 1.The restaurant is tiny and oddly arranged, yet warm and cozy. Tuesday night's ambiance was pleasant and low-key, though a bit quiet for my taste. I don't mind intimate, but  I was literally back to back with the large man at the table behind us. We were also parallel to the wait station, and I'd prefer not to see my bill being tabulated on a screen by my table as I eat. I suppose one could say they made creative use of a rather small space. BUT...let's get to the point. We came here to EAT. The food was tasty and clever...no disappointment there. But, note, emphasis is on the word "TASTE" because that's the concept here. You get small, tapas-like plates of food or "tastes," at prices ranging from $6-$14. There is no distinction between appetizers and entrees here, so while a $14 flat iron steak sounds like a bargain, unless you are prepared for weight watchers portions, you may be a bit alarmed when your food arrives. I enjoy having several flavors to pick from at a meal, so I liked the "tastes" concept. The drawback: I had to share with BF who takes shovels not bites of food and eats with my dog's mentality (if I don't eat quick, someone may steal it from me.) I'm also a semi-slow eater, so at one point, as I watched my bf devour the remains of our tiny steak, I felt like the runt of the litter fighting for a sip off the teat. "Hey, could ya leave me some!?" i cried. game on.we started with the "chevre brulee": grilled artichoke, citrus vinaigrette on toastettes with a mild carmelized goat cheese on top. i ate one, BF ate one. both of us loved the harmonious flavors. okay, he liked the cheese and toast. i liked the harmonious flavors. score tied, 2-2. next, we "shared" the flat iron steak, medium rare- tender, delicately seasoned, flavorful. organic, for those who like their cow natural. served with a thin horseradish sauce and "frites" (fancy for fries, for the plain folk). and damn good frites, too. the house ketchup and the seasoning on the fries were perfect together. "what is that taste?" we asked that a lot throughout dinner. probably just cayenne pepper on the fries, but it worked. meanwhile, i harken back to childhood when little sis and i would fight over the fries at the bottom of the mc donald's bag as BF is STUFFing meat down his throat while i stare in awe and horror. Score: BF 3, Me 2.next up to bat: the mahi mahi special- juicy cuts of mahi over grilled pineapple, plated with wasabi and teriyaki sauces and sprinkled with pistachios. mm mm mm! not willing to lie down without a fork fight, i got in there and forked my "tastes" while the forking was good. score tied: BF 3, me 3.desserts. we're in the home stretch. "pineapple upside down study" i studied it, i tasted it, i studied it some more. it just didn't do it for me. too much cinnamon and coconut. and what was supposed to be a "pineapple upside down cake + rum brulee" tasted more like a german chocolate/spice cake. did like the key lime martini (soju) which accompanied it. BF loved the dessert, i downed the martini. score: BF 4, me 3.i preferred the "chocolate sandwich" - chocolate gelato (not vanilla as stated on the menu) and chocolate covered toastettes- carryovers from the chevre? flavors were good, and i'm not even a chocaholic. would suggest replacing the toastettes with a chocolate souffle or wafers. toastettes just aren't desserty and seemed like carryovers. final score: BF 4, me 4.moral to the story: take BF to in n out for "appetizer" before the guild next time. better yet: drop BF off at backyard bbq to swill like a pig while i take the more delicate sex to enjoy "tastes" and chick drinks in the SD ghetto.
<review# 2656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,6/25/2007,413,616,4,5,9>sometimes it is hard to reconcile being such an animal lover with my love of zoos. zoos can be terrible places for animals, and it can be sad to have to look at them in their cages instead of frolicking about in the wild.i think the san diego zoo has done a pretty amazing job making the zoo that existed in the forties and fifties into the zoo that exists now, where the animal welfare and happiness is as much a concern as shows and breeding. certainly, there is more work to be done, but the zoo is clean, well-kept, constantly undergoing construction to improve various exhibits, so you know it's just going to get better.i spent A LOT of time in this particular zoo when i was younger. not just because i'm san diego born and bred, but because my aunt and uncle are fairly big donors, and also happen to not have any children. my older sister and i, being their only nieces in san diego (up to a certain point, of course, when my parents pooped out more babies), got to reap a lot of the benefits of them giving the zoo lots of money. not only did we get year-round passes, but the zoo held special events for donors that they would bring us along to. early morning shows, late night feedings, being the only people in the zoo all day long. those were awesome days, always.my two favorite special events at the zoo are also two of my favorite childhood memories.once, a baby elephant born in the zoo was rejected by its mother. it had to be bottlefed and taken care of by people in her stead. one morning, my sister and i got to go and feed the baby elephant. it smelled like sweet hay, was softer than i thought it would be and it drank milk faster than i ever thought was possible. another time, my sister and i got to meet the golden retriever and cheetah who were the stars of one of the zoo's most popular shows (as far as i know, they still do this show, only it's a different retriever/cheetah combo). out came the golden retriever. very gold, very dog like. i was mildly impressed with it. but then, then! came the cheetah. the keeper walked it out on a leash and led it to a little box on the stage, where my sister and i were waiting. we got to pet it and then to top it off, the keeper gave us chunks of cheddar cheese to feed it. we were to flatten our hands, hold them out to the cheetah and let him eat the cheese right off of it! and he did. and his tongue was wet and warm and the whole thing was just about the cutest thing i have ever seen, or ever will see.the san diego zoo will always be my favorite.
<review# 2657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,5/11/2013,256,133,12,9,11>"Prepkitchen" isn't actually a word.  It isn't...I looked it up.  Even if there is a misplaced hyphen, the word would become "pre-pkitchen," which also isn't a word.  On the other hand, I assume every kitchen, in a sense, is a pre-PEE-kitchen...I am fairly certain it is pronounced PREP-kitchen, though.  So what is this magical place created out of a nonexistent word?Whatever is it, be PREPared (see what I did there?) to enjoy it!The fantastic specialty drinks are prep/mixed by hip bartenders with the coolest mustaches this side of the 1850s.  I had two with bourbon, and I got a little prepped-up. Everyone was really, really, really, really, really prepnice, too.  When we stated that we didn't like one of the things we ordered, they even took it back and didn't charge us for it.  That was very prepfessional of them.We tried the fish of the day...which was amazingly prepcooked scallops with celery puree.  Yes.  A puree.  Baby food for adults.  Anyway...I ate it and I liked it.  You can go prep yourself if you think differently of me now.  At the end of the meal, we had such a good experience, we even ordered the kitchen a round of beers.  One of the chefs came out to thank us for doing this.  He then made fun of me for eating baby food and asked if I needed to be burped (kidding).  I said, "yes" (not kidding).I can't wait to go back and try more things to eat...and make up more words!
<review# 2658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,5/10/2013,166,84,7,15,7>Coffee snobs, connoisseurs, addicts - whatever; REJOICE. Better Buzz is here to pave the way in painlessly bringing the 3rd wave coffee business to San Diego. Ever visit Portland/SF/Seattle and scoff at the hipster cafes that take away the magic of starbucks? Ever desired for a better cup than the burnt espresso with soapy foam from lestats/pannikin/filter cafes? This place really raises the bar in appeasing all those who are in favor of getting their caffeine fix.First, lets get the logistics out the way, shall we?- Free, fast Wi-Fi that isn't your usual 56k dial-up.- Spacious indoor area with ample seatings. Will not have to fight for plugs.- awesome, clean, minimalistic decor. - Great customer service (but really, treat the workers the way you want to be treated. Stop giving shit reviews just because some barista gave you a subjective glance. It's probably in your head. Schizophrenic.)- Open till 7pm. Sweet.Now onto the coffee (the only thing that really matters when reviewing a coffee shop, in my opinion):- You want a single origin espresso pulled by a la marzocco done right? They can do that.- Or do you want a latte with a pretty floral designs for your instagram? They can do that too.- "But what about the ol' Better Buzz's sweet, powder filled carmel lattes I used to get?" Fear not, they still make those drinks as well!- Hand pour over set up. These guys know what's up for black coffee - it's hard to beat a well crafted hand pour chemex. None of that straight-down the middle, 1:30 under-extraction crap, they take their time and do healthy intervals to perfect their cup. - Cold slow drip, A.K.A. Kyoto, A.K.A. dutch-style coffee available. When done right, this thing tastes amazing minus the sourness that comes with ice coffee.Here's the bottom line:The Lab is a special corner of San Diego that is labeled with the Better Buzz logo, but must be treated almost as its own separate entity. On top of their usual menu, the lab also offers high quality, specialized coffee for those who are craving more than a cheap caffeine fix to better their day. Why drink burnt, hurried espresso with foam that tastes like soap bubbles (masked with crap-ton of syrup) when you can get a better tasting, non-sour/bitter drink the way coffee's meant to be? I applaud the owner, manager, and baristas here for trying. I appreciate that they are willing to offer drinks that may come off a bit snobbish or foreign; but providing people the opportunity to venture into the seemingly hipster 3rd wave coffee business. Try their ethiopian on a chemex and chat with the baristas. It's amazing.Keep it up better buzz. You have easily gotten my vote for one of the best upcoming cafes of SD.
<review# 2659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,5/9/2013,383,363,10,16,17>Sushi Ota, I bow down to you!Considered one of the best sushi places in the U.S. by numerous sources and after hearing so much about this place, it was only a matter of time before I finally made my way to the super unassuming restaurant. Definitely make a reservation and if not, expect to wait. As far as sushi is concerned this is San Diego's best unkept secret.Located right next to a 7-eleven and Planned Parenthood you would never think a top-rated restaurant would reside nested between the two and actually be any good, but assumptions be gone!Upon walking in I felt like I was teleported to Japan. All of the chefs and servers were Japanese and the decor was very simple and surprisingly fit quite a few tables. When it came time to order, it was difficult to make my selection as I truly wanted to try everything, but alas it came down to sushi combination B. I received an immaculate, and I do mean exceptionally pristine, presentation of 7 pieces of nigiri, (1 tuna, 1 yellowtail, 1 squid, 1 surfer clam, 1 shrimp, 1 eel, and 1 uni) a piece of Ota stamped egg, and 6 pieces each of tuna and cucumber roll. I substituted the squid nigiri for another yellowtail because cephalapods aren't really my thing.OMG. This was perhaps one of the most perfect sushi meals I have ever had. The quality of the fish was truly unsurpassed. The sushi rice was perfectly seasoned and the yellowtail literally melted in my mouth (insert Fabio saying, "I can't believe it's not butter" here). There was a generous helping of uni, sea urchin roe, and it was an unctuous blast of ocean flavor on my palate - divine.I was very full after wiping my sushi platter clean and incredibly satisfied. With a big smile on my face I left the restaurant and as I walked by the Planned Parenthood for a second time and looked down at the food baby in my stomach, it all made sense.  Sushi Ota is as good as the critics and Yelpers make it out to be. I will try Kaito in Encinitas next time and see how it stacks up, but for now Sushi Ota is my new favorite sushi place in SD. I wish I could eat here every week, but on a teacher's salary I will most likely have to file that wish in my 'keep dreamin' sister!' cabinet. Although for a little over 20 bucks I got to enjoy all that quality food so I thought the combination platter was a steal! This is also a great date spot. I'll have to nudge my boyfriend into bringing me back here soon. :)Hot tip! Make sure to ask your server for FRESHLY GRATED wasabi. You will never go back to eating powdered wasabi ever again.
<review# 2660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,5/8/2013,190,175,18,18,14>"Have you ever tried shawarma?" Iron Man asks Captain America. "There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I want to try it."Am I a Marvel fan? Yes. Did I come here purely because Iron Man & the Avengers all ate shawarma in the end credits and they happen to sell it here? Psssh! Of course not. No. Never. Maybe. Sorta. Yeaaaa.As I mentioned in my quick tip, they have 2 lunch specials, each for the low price of $5.99. The 1st one consists of: Shawarma (yes!) w/ chicken or beef + french fries + soda. The 2nd one includes: Shawarma (yes!) w/ chicken or beef OR Kebabs OR Falafel + salad. Honestly, if you're here for the shawarma, go with the 1st option. It's a better deal for sure. My co-worker got the beef shawarma & loved it. I decided to try the falafel actually because I read some positive reviews on it. YUM! I never knew falafel could taste so good. It wasn't small, or tough or dry. It was the total opposite! Flavorful and soft, but textured(?). They were big and tasted like someone actually prepared it (yelp.com/biz_photos/samm…). Yea, I guess I've had some pretty bad falafels in my life :( The bread is freshly baked & tastes that way. I also like how it's shaped (yelp.com/biz_photos/samm…). CONS: They charge $1 for a small container of hummus (which tastes bomb btw, esp with their bread). I didn't like the tzatziki sauce with the falafel. I really wish it came with hummus instead. Is that weird? Also, the salad in the 2nd lunch combo had olives (I don't like olives) & was prepared w/ a sour/tart dressing which was too overpowering for my taste. If you come here for lunch, I'd call in my order ahead of time because I usually have to wait about 15min otherwise, which can be inconvenient depending on your lunch break.Overall, the employees were very friendly and had the patience to explain the menu to me + I enjoyed the food+ this restaurant is clean! Worth a visit if you're in this area!***Don't forget- SHAWARMA: Avengers Approved***
<review# 2661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,5/7/2013,548,308,14,11,13>I am a hoppy beer drinker through and through... IPA, Double IPA, hop-me-stupid until the day I croak...Except when  BLUEBERRY MOTHER LOVING MOJITOS are available. Give me one, give me two, shoot, make it a pitcher!! Can I still get that on Happy Hour pricing?! I don't really care for girly drinks but something about a nice strong $5 cocktail after a long day of work works for me better than a beer. Perfect for a nice cool down after a long day at work, I'm totally digging what Duck Dive is dishing.And yes please to those cute little sliders at happy hour too!
<review# 2662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,5/6/2013,604,329,10,16,10>Out of no where my friend stopped me at church and proceeded to exhale five-minutes worth of compliments about Red Moon Noodle House. No joke, everywhere from her expressions, intonations, and sheer excitement was oozing from her being as she told me how amazing this place was (there was quite the fire in her eyes, I was sold). So, with a good word and a eager stomach I walked into RMNH with my good bud Brian and proceeded to give this place a shot. And I'm so glad we did.First of all, Thomas is super likable. You really can tell how invested he is with the food, and will give the best opinion as to what menu item would go with what. Just that candid conversation already made me love this place. Just start a conversation with him, you guys will be buddy-buddy in no time. Second, that lady, daw, she gave such a happy vibe I didnt know what to do with myself except smile and be thankful for her service. Thank you!Food:  - Honey Walnut Shrimp ($10.95): YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS. This dish by itself is worth five stars. I was taken aback by the crispness of the shrimp but perfectly cooked and NOT overwhelmed by the honey/mayo-esque/seafood sauce. Usually other places soak it in really overwhelming sauces that steals from any shrimp texture, but this one was a WINNER. Perfect perfect perfect! The walnuts were an amazing addition to the dish--it absorbs the flavor and had the most perfect crunchy but soft texture. If only walnuts were always like that.. This is definitely their SIGNATURE dish, you MUST try it. It's SO worth 10.95 freakin dollars. I'm very frugal but I would gladly come back just to show off this dish. Holy cow..shrimp. - Xiao Long Bao ($5.95): Six juicy pork dumplings. This is not on the menu but definitely worth a try. They seem to make it with a slightly thicker peel but this does not take away from the juiciness of this Chinese gold nugget. I've honestly tried better at restaurants known to be the best at this, but this was surprisingly very tasty and racks up many points in my book. The juices and pork stuffing were so smooth to the taste buds and I loved every bite I took. You dont need to add soysauce and make sure you make a little hole at the top and blow into it so that you can take the whole dumpling in one bite. Portion wise, only use this as an appetizer because it's not too filling. - Chicken with Green Bean ($8.95): With soft pieces of chicken breast cooked with perfectly prepared green beans and a few hints of garlic and a very light sauce, this is a pretty decent entree for those who like "safe" menu items. For me, I found it a little lacking in flavor which kind of leads me away from trying this again, but if you're a lover of green beans...you'll love this. Thanks for making it crunchy, Chinese style! - Red Moon Beef ($9.25): I got to taste test this and it reminded me of a much softer version of beef jerky sauteed in a distinct spicy sauce. Definitely has a kick of flavor but if you're expecting tender beef this may be a shocker for you. I personally thought a few pieces would suffice but maybe not a whole plate of it. But man, that's a little creative, so major props to that.Pros: - You'll really love Thomas. I really enjoyed his company and superb customer service. - You can order hot tea! Nice on a cold day. I believe it's free too. - Want more rice? They'll give it to you. - The Honey. Walnut. Shrimp. I am not joking. - Very simple but clean interior. No crazy display of Chinese figurines, so you're really there for the food. - Most all menu items are less than 10 dollars. Only a few are slightly more.  - Takes all major credit cards. No minimum.Cons: - This place is located is the infamously terrible Tofu House/Yogurt World/Crab Hut/Tapex parking lot. Good luck finding parking!  - Decently priced but not the cheapest. Certain items seem a little over priced but  that's the price you pay for a pretty legit restaurant.You know, in the end, I was so close to giving this place five stars. And I would have if my whole meal consisted of just the Honey Walnut Shrimp, but for now I'll give it a fair four stars. Definitely worth a try for those who love nice owners and very decent food. Oh what a breath of fresh air...I feel like I found a hidden gem. Thanks Thomas, I'll be back!
<review# 2663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,5/5/2013,283,119,7,11,9>Was here Sunday night with a party of 10. First time at the Burro... And will definitely be back! While all the entrees looked amazing - and I'd I'll be back to try them all - I had the chorizo burger with the side of their amazing and soon-to-be-famous corn. The burger was cooked to medium like I requested, and the corn was just this indescribably wonderful symphony of salty and sweet and savory and buttery... The house made chorizo on the burger was tasty indeed!!! Lavender margarita was really good. Lavender was subtle. Which was really good. Don't need to feel like you are drinking a bar of French tripple milled soap...For dessert we had a lovely nut and chocolate tart and the classic churros. Both were decadently delicious, but as a native San Diegan, the novelty of churros wore off at a very young age. But these perfectly warm and crumbly churros (with creme anglaise) MELTED in our mouths. Thanks Blind Burro... I'll be back!!!! (Tonight, in fact. ;-D)
<review# 2664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,5/4/2013,2074,1145,16,12,13>this place needs to name a private room after maria c.  she's thrown some fun hh events here!  usually, we storm the bar or get one of the booths.recently, we were in the back patio area with the red topped pool table.  our group was pretty big and the server was great at splitting up who had what.  we had such a blast that some stragglers stayed from hh to dinner.i definitely went for the carb overload with the pork sliders, cheese pizza and the lobster mac 'n cheese.  capped it off with "dessert" with their dark beer called the night before christmas that tasted like a liquid junior mint....good time to wear stretchy pants.
<review# 2665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,5/3/2013,285,281,14,12,10>With its peaked roof and deviation from 'o's in the name (Alberto's, Roberto's, Aliberto's) I had been skeptical to try Vallarta Express.  Express just sounded too gringo.  But then I heard from my Pop, Alfonso, that Vallarta Express was legit and a fan favorite of him and his roommates.  Yes, I said roommates. My Dad and his fellow divorced friends are living the dream in a 5-bedroom house with a big screen, putting green, Jacuzzi and motorcycles and are known for throwing outrageous parties.  For a while they even had a 22-year-old Hooters waitress living with them, but she moved out to more seriously pursue her academic career at the University of Phoenix.  I'm not sure she realized that she didn't have to move to Phoenix to actually take courses from them, but that's another story.So back to Vallarta's.  The food may be a little more pricey than your average drive-through, but the quality and portions are excellent.  You can't go wrong with Vallarta's fish tacos, super carne chips, or Cali burrito made with quality ingredients.  The chicken taco alone is enough of a meal for me or a great post-night-out second dinner.  Be nice and put $1 in the Styrofoam cup for a tip.  ;)
<review# 2666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,5/2/2013,249,308,6,13,8>A Saturday brunch at The Mission was just like the "Brunch Village" Portlandia episode.We wake up in the morning and we're like, "We should go to an amazing brunch spot we haven't tried." We aim for the Mission, the wait was approximately 30 minutes, but it didn't feel like we waited that long.I had the blackberry pancakes which are 3 bigass fluffyass pancakes with tart blackberries in sprinkled with powdered sugar then drenched in maple syrup. I was also feeling like having a little savory so I added the bacon and scrambled eggs on the side. I also had a hot chai latte to wash it all down. Mmm-hmm. We were in the quest for the perfect brunch and  The Mission delivered.
<review# 2667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,3/6/2011,2074,1145,14,16,16>fidel's had the usual colorful mex decor with a "go chargers!" sign tucked in.  after enjoying a fun outdoor concert at the track, my cousin and i popped in here for some grub.their original margarita was pretty good just avoid the strawberry one which tasted more like a cherry slurpee.  definitely order the chicken and rice soup.  the fresh avocado in it was delicious!  the small was uber hearty so i couldn't imagine what the large portion was like.    mains:the carne asada plate was filled with huge slabs of beef with guac, roasted veggies, rice and beans.the crab enchilada dish was tasty-tasty.  it was a lot of food so come hungry.the seating was a weird myriad of nooks and crannies - we ended up in the covered patio.  without the heaters on, it was a wee chilly for my legs...but nothing another margarita couldn't cure.
<review# 2668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,3/5/2011,541,302,15,10,8>I'll succumb to give Tabu a four stars, but the extra star deservedly goes to our awesome waitress Deborah and the delicious sushi along with the prices.I'm not even a maki-roll type of guy, but the different themed rolls at Tabu were fantastic. Ones to order when you visit: the Rudy Roll and the Kai Roll.NOW, for the DISCLAIMER:Come to Tabu to eat and enjoy the ambiance before 10pm, after that, be forewarned, the douche' zombies from the defunct Jake's come out to haunt these new grounds.  So come at this time at your own risk.Unbeknownst to me and party, we managed to create an invisible cloak and force field that allowed us to remain invisible and act simply as an observer of behavior and style of these walking zombies. Apparently, Tabu transforms into a bar/ lounge/club-mini-me right at the stroke of 10. The place even has a bouncer positioned outside to keep the frenzied line of 0 people at bay in the front. Empty dinner tables and accompanying chairs are pushed aside for people to wander the floor with drink in tow. Dudes enter in the place with "Im-the-Man" swagger are all geared up with their bejeweled T-shirts and full scale riveted pants - "Joyzeee" style. What's more striking is that some of these zombies are pushing late 40's, 50's and still lining up the walls and getting their jolly's from the all of two go-go girls that meander the room.Dang. Welcome to downtown La Jolla (at night).
<review# 2669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,3/4/2011,142,203,9,13,13>This night started as a nice date night, kinda night. For the third time, I chose Ritual. On the way there I had a stupid feeling about trying to go again, and so I said, "if I can't  go to Ritual tonight, for some lame reason, I'm gonna flip out." Well, we get there and there is an hour and half wait, with a line out the door and off the patio. No thanks, brother! I pulled over and proceeded with the flip out. It was then that I remembered a place I had been meaning to go. Plus Roger told me I had to go. We were Cafe 21 bound.This place is so chill and old school with a modern twist. The service is good, the people are friendly, they've got Russian music videos, on the wall, with scenes of Moose playing around. I was thankful we came here instead. And, the food! The food!!  I don't even know how to begin. Ahem. I was so blown away by the excellent deliciousness of this place, I.. I.. want to finish but, I'm afraid too many of you will find out and ruin this joint.  But, then again, it's pretty good and I would want you taste the rainbow. The presentation is simple, fun, big and looks like art. Creative and playful twists on back in-The-Old-Country foods.We ordered:Baked Grape Salad with goat cheesePeach PierogiWhite bean dishHeirloom tomato and blue cheese flatbread.. Mmmmm MMM!This is my new favorite place.
<review# 2670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,3/3/2011,735,735,18,19,18>Main Tap has some of the best fresh made fries our hero has ever had.  These aren't like In N Out's fries either; they are made with quality spuds deep fried with the skin on and come out warm and crispy.  Judging by their tavern burger (which has a nice blend of spices rolled right into the patty) and their fries, this place has some pretty bangin' bar food.This is really an oddity in El Cajon.  It's an extremely clean bar that serves mainly kick ass Californian craft beers from breweries like Karl Strauss, Lagunitas, Lightning, and Lost Cost.  They also serve Bud and Bud Light on tap if none of that means anything to you.  At $5.25 for four 4 oz. tasters of any of their beers, it sure beats going to most beer festivals.  Beers are pretty reasonably priced and they have specials every day of the week and a super awesome weekday lunch deal on burgers as well.  When our hero went, they had a few strong barley wines specially priced at $3 a pour!A few of the other reviewers have whined about service here, but in our hero's experience, Andy was a very helpful bartender and food came out fairly fast after ordering.  Can't complain much about the bartenders or kitchen, and the rest of the bar crowd mainly keeps to themselves.Why must you be in El Cajon, Main Tap?  If our hero lived any closer, he'd probably work this bar into his regular rotation.PROS:- Excellent burger and fries.- Plenty of street parking outside.- Great selection of local microbrew beers.CONS:- Located way out in east county.- The "girls of the month" printed on their menu look like Suicide Girls bench warmers.  Ick.
<review# 2671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,3/2/2011,393,158,16,19,19>Microbrew Mecca. Extensive selection of craft brew and delicious pub grub in an intimate, specialty beer-lovers paradise.Approximately 2 dozen taps of great mirco brew with what appears to be an emphasis on West Coast craft beer, usually a cask or two which have always poured delightful cask conditioned ale, and a large selection of bottled beer. Bottle selection is impressive; with a seeming emphasis on Belgian style ales. Individual serving size bottles of some highly regarded Belgian ales such as La Chouffe as well as Tripel Karmeliet. A few flavors of lambics matured with fruit. We had a bottle of Danish Mead (ie, honey wine). Underberg digestif bitters available. "Bottle selection" even includes some canned beers of specialty brew such as Maui Brewing's Coconut Porter. Countless varieties of bottled craft beer to satisfy numerous tastes and desires. Appetizing gastropub fare, including some items prepared with beer. Hop sausage, made in house with hop leaves, was amazing. This sausage in a bun sitting atop a huge order of fries was a massive meal - it is highly recommended to consume a couple aperitifs before attempting to eat the entire order. Welcoming atmosphere and lovely ambiance is marked by comfortable crowdedness, hundreds of upside keg handles from beers they have had on tap over the years, and a few dogs that leisure beside their owners who indulge in fine craft beer. It is worth noting the dogs here tend to be friendly and I've, thus far, never heard any loud barking or seen overly excited activity by the canines. Slight gripe about the environment is that on weekend nights, the volume of the music can be a bit excessive.  Limited setting. Plan to arrive at Hamilton's early on weekends for a small chance of finding a place for your group to sit. Otherwise, it will be safe to assume that standing will be required the majority of the night.
<review# 2672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2010,3/1/2011,113,165,8,13,13>it was a random pick on yelp that we stumbled into smoking goat and now, I'm in love! decided this is my new hotspot that i'm bringing my girlfriends when they're in town from SF. -could be the delicious "duck truffle fries", which were to die for! im a fries fanatic!-could be the fantastic service and conversation by Dev...-could be the tender, lip-smacking pork shank that was served with butter greens and mashed potatos...hell, it was everything that made this place so great!cute.intimate.great ambience.i'm definitely taking my out-of-town gfs here next week for some yum dinner and wine!thanks Dev for the great recommendations and for not letting these yelp reviews get to your head. you guys really deserve all the stars here.Vanae
<review# 2673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,2/27/2011,607,243,12,12,14>I normally wouldn't go out of my way for Lestats, but this isn't a normal occasion. When I have a deadline and I need late night and conducive atmosphere, I come to Normal Heights (ha). Last time I was here, I felt like I was about to tear the chair's upholstery and fall to the floor. But, Lestats has been gracious enough to reupholster their chairs. As I'm writing this review, I'm sitting in a large luscious leather chair that reeks royalty. -1 star because the internet lagsOn a side note: This is probably the 24 hour only cafe in the world where I can bust out the following books on my table without hesitation:A Problem from Hell by Samantha PowersKiernan's Blood and SoilThe Architect of Genocide by BreitmanThe Burning Tigris by Balakianand several other texts regarding dark mattersIf I were to do this at a Starbucks, I would probably be asked to leave.
<review# 2674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,2/26/2011,176,536,8,10,7>I had a Groupon to use up before it expired, so i got this pizza for the chargers game.  I ordered it to go over the phone.  Even over the phone i had good customer service, she asked if i knew how to get there and gave me directions.  When I told her i had a Groupon, she reminded me that i needed to bring in the print out.  When i arrived it was ready and waiting, she said, "picking up your takeout order?"  she knew it was me!!  i guess its obvious since i was there by myself.. but still nice to know that people are paying attention.I got the extra large (16 inches) Graziano's Special, which is basically the works (Pep, sausage, mushroom, olive, onion and bell pepper) It was a good pizza not great but better than average and definitely better than corporate (papa's, the hut and domino's) pizza, everyone at the party liked it.3.5 stars (i rounded up cause of good customer service)
<review# 2675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,2/25/2011,71,70,15,12,12>I was really fortunate to have some really AWESOME company!!! This was the first time I've had "Ramen". Mike and Jay were trying to convince me this was better than "Cup-O-Noodle".It was a lot like Pho, but more oily and spicy. The BBQ beef sticks was tasty even when I was burbing it up later! It was the first flavor savor I actually appreciated.Note: Be warned that the double noodle addition may sound like a good idea if you're hungry. Its not. There is just a ton of noodles!!! O_o You can be hitting that bowl forever, and its still looking like you hadn't started yet.
<review# 2676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,2/24/2011,804,248,20,35,24>I've been seeing Hair Delights on Yelp SD's homepage a lot lately, listed as Hot on Yelp. I'm pleased that Lana and the shop are getting the well deserved recognition. Most of all, I'm so happy that she is back!Up until Lana went on hiatus, she had been my one and only hairstylist that I would go to in San Diego. When I first moved from LA, I would still go up there to get my hair done. Every so often, I'd give a local shop a try. Going anywhere from high end to budget friendly salons; none being that of a place that I thought was worth continuing to go back to on a regular. Then 8 years in (just like any meaningful relationship, you know when it happened, right?) I stumbled upon Lana's old salon. From the first cut, I had myself a local stylist that I loved! Finally, someone who cut and styled my hair to my liking!  And could it be, she's charging me only a portion of what I'm accustomed to when getting an amazing cut?! Nice!! Though it is rare that I do anything too dramatic or drastic, I still want a nice cut. Layers does not mean choppy. I am too old for the "at home, my mom cut my hair" look. Oh dear, no! Can't pass that off as cute and adorable anymore. I love my mom, but if you saw my 5th grade photo, you'd agree. haha  Lana is just uber talented and really knows hair. She snips through your mane with ease and has an awesome personality that's befitting for this industry; a true professional. I get a little nervous when some grouch has worked on my hair or gets too distracted. I'm always concerned when I get handed that little mirror to see what they did to the back. ..Oye.  With her, you need not worry. Having known her as long as I have, she's more like a trusted girlfriend. We'll chat while she cuts and am never doubtful that I'll get a great trim or a new 'do. To me, that's priceless and what keeps me going back to her.It's a family owned and ran salon. The mom, and her sister Nikki, also do fantastic jobs. Come to think of it, every person I've seen get up from their chair has looked terrific!! With a cut ($20) and blow dry ($20)... for $40, the coined phrase of "having you look like a million dollars" truly can be said about this place. Trust me, these ladies really are the best at having you look easy on the eyes while taking it easy on the pocket book. The salon is a nice, low key, one stop glam shop that uses only top notch products. They'll be able to do you up from head to your toes (they do nails too!). I walk out feeling ready to spend some of that extra cash that's left in my wallet for a hot new top, to go with my hot new 'do!
<review# 2677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,12/4/2013,1142,2218,11,19,16>What a great treat to have after a HUGE meal at Manna BBQ!!!You can actually walk to it if you do eat at Manna. It's the next shopping center over. If you blink you may miss it. We drove pass it twice, but 3 times the charm! It's in the corner where the pool hall is. There are no frills or thrills to this place, meaning no decor. If fact, it was pretty bare - white walls. Don't let the decor fool you though... Dessert is what we came for!We ordered a Med for less than $4. We chose 3 flavors - cherry, tigers blood and strawberry, mochi and condensed milk. Enough to share with 2 people for sure. SOOOO GOOD! Not as good as the real deal in Hawai'i, but it sure damn close to it!!!The guys here are super nice and friendly. They even said I can have more condensed milk when I want (and I did, thanks guys). There are only about 12 chairs (couple tables inside and bar seating) in this small hole in the wall. Cheap treats and good eats!!!We will be back!!!
<review# 2678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/3/2013,297,123,7,10,9>I come here for the beer ( Coronado Coffee Stout or St. Louis Framboise) and the Pork Belly Bahn Mi. I never get tired of coming here. I love them so much that I have their T-shirts and sweatshirts!Every time I've been lucky to receive great service and I've always been satisfied with the food that I ordered. I prefer TT a thousand times more than BLAH. I also strongly recommend trying their brunch menu. When I do make it on time I love the fluffy coconut glazed donuts and the biscuits and gravy.
<review# 2679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,12/2/2013,242,154,31,15,18>Some of the reviews for Sycamore Den are sounding a little bit pretentious, don't you think? Some of the phrasing and word choices bring to mind a guy in a turtleneck sweater, reading his review out loud to himself while listening to Miles Davis on vinyl and dreaming of the day the NYT contacts him and says, "my dear, your reviews! The passion! The adjectives! The words you almost certainly found on thesaurus.com! Please, PLEASE, be our new restaurant reviewer, we'll just throw ourselves in front of a train if you refuse!"Yeesh. As such, I have decided to write this review in the simplest, least grandiose way possible, just to even everything out. Ahem:sycamore den good drinks fireplace! and seating a lot bartender are friendlyprice normalsandmagic piano!wish for patio but it okay good music funi like
<review# 2680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,12/1/2013,1020,575,11,14,10>2 months, 10 days and counting since my last haircut, and it's starting to show. Unable to make an appointment with my regular guy, I took a shot in the dark with this place. I saw the 5 star reviews, got dressed, and beelined it over here. I normally don't walk in to places especially for hair appointments, but I had a good feeling about this one.To my surprise (and relief), I was seen right away by Jessica. She took one look and feel of my hair, heard my input, and instantly devised a plan to get me from overgrown mullet to chic again. I thoroughly enjoyed my time with her - one of the easiest stylists I've ever conversed with. Before I knew it, I was back to chic bob once again, and I felt renewed.Definitely coming back here again. Not to mention the neighborhood is too cute to pass up.
<review# 2681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,11/30/2013,167,83,11,14,11>I have ZERO PATIENCE for the whiners complaining that a bar is busy and loud. A bar should not apologize for being SUCCESSFUL. And if you do not feel comfortable in a crowd that does not look exactly like you, then you are missing out a lot more in life than this amazing cocktail bar. While many bars mix drinks the way fast food joints crank out meals -- buying large amounts of prepared ingredients, freezing materials to last longer, cutting corners to save money, and making each drink as quickly as possible -- more and more places are handcrafting their cocktails. Polite Provisions creates an environment of sophistication where the cultured socialize and share their appreciation for spirits. Bartenders take mixing mastery seriously, with recipes intended to highlight Polite Provision's high-quality spirits, rather than drowning them in sugary juices and fountain sodasWhen enjoying cocktails at Polite Provisions,  you aren't just getting a drink, but an education as well. Many of their drinks have interesting histories, so sit down, order from the menu (or have the bartender suggest something for you) and enjoy the tale of your cocktail.Let your bartender introduce you to a libation that is challenging, complex, and, most importantly, a new experience. Polite Provisions isn't for everyone, but sip a Full Windsor, made with Single Malt Scotch, Apple Brandy, Sweet Vermouth, Bénédictine & Bitters, and you will walk away with something to remember. The entire staff does a phenomenal job handling the enormous volume of business that they are already experiencing. This bar is a shining example to all others in San Diego.
<review# 2682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,11/29/2013,1706,705,5,8,7>I JUST was raving about this place to my friends and realized that I haven't reviewed it yet!Highlights of visit #1* Truffle fries WITH TRUFFLE SAUCE BAYBEH!* FIG MARMALADE Burger! That circular bacon is so smart!* Waiting outside by the fire was warm on a chilly day!Highlights of visit #2* Can you say Scotch/whisky/bourbon flight?* Truffle Fries again :D for late night after the movies* and a cool bartenderGo! Enjoy!
<review# 2683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,11/28/2013,243,302,5,8,10>I don't care who knows it, I love the shit out of my dog. I would scream it from the rooftops... I would feel guilty as hell ditching her on such a nice day like this past Saturday.Thanks to the Doghouse Bar & Grill, she was able to come out and party for an awesome brunch with friends.Our sever Sven, kept the bottomless mimosas flowing.The breakfast sandwich with bacon and hash browns hit the spot!Even our dog got an egg! Plenty of room to keep the dogs engaged and have their own space.Our group had a guilt free, awesome time getting to party with our dogs
<review# 2684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,11/27/2013,128,123,2,5,4>Love the ambiance, love the food.  Had date night here and everything we ordered came out great.  I ordered a meat dish and it was cooked medium well just the way I like. We ordered two entrees, 1 glass of wine, 1 large beer and it came out to be $60 but it's expected being that it is a fine dining restaurant. Service was good, the waiter did what he needed to do, nothing subpar nothing below.  Great decorations with the plants on the wall and dark wood all around.  I would like to come back to try other entrees and especially  the fries that's everyone has posted about.
<review# 2685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/26/2013,1319,279,9,13,12>Wow... we came here on a last minute decision (around 7ish) and got great parking (which is good coz I was wearing my stilt heels - thank you "parking Gods"). The restaurant was packed so we were seated in the back room. That was a "yay for us" because it was closer to the bar and the back room was nicer than the front eating area. The bar attendant greeted us as soon as we sat down and offered to take our drink order. I don't recall the names of the drinks we ordered, but one looked like a dirty martini and the other had a jalapeno kick with little green floaties on it (sorry.. I should've done a better job taking notes for the Yelp review).  Also had different sakes... can't go wrong with those - ever. Our server was super friendly & attentive. I have to admit... every time I head to a sushi joint, the first thing I look for in the menu is the spiciest sushi they offer. We tried the following:1) jalapeno hamachi sashimi - small portion, but muy delicioso!2) h. bomb (chopped spicy tuna, avocado, tempura shrimp, radish sprouts-- topped w/spicy mayo)3) rising sun (seared yellowtail, cucumber, krab -- topped w/ jalapeno ponzu) 4) karma (tempura shrimp, spicy tuna, yellowtail -- topped w/ habanero masago, ponzu & cilantro)All the sushi rolls were delectable! The prices for the small portions were pretty steep, but I think for the ambiance of the restaurant & fresh sushi... it was money well spent. =)
<review# 2686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,11/25/2013,389,221,4,8,7>YUM YUM YUM!I am a huge fan of fish markets and Point Loma Seafoods does not disappoint.  Although a bit chaotic, the place is huge and they have tons of people taking orders. The only problem is the place can be filled with locals and tourists alike any given day, and only the locals know to impose their will when ordering, rather than politely waiting to be called on....word of advice, they won't call on you. It's a fish market!Items I would recommend:-Fried Clams-Oysters on a Half Shell-Clam Chowder-Crabmeat Sandwich-Large Shrimp Cocktail-Hamachi (yellowtail) Sashimi3 different self-service cocktail sauce and tartar sauce stations are a plus. And tons of beers on tap is also a plus.  Portions are not huge and prices are decent, but not cheap by any means. For slightly cheaper and similar fare, check out the smaller Mitch's Seafood next door.  Parking at Point Loma Seafood can also be a bit crazy so good luck with that, but once you're in...the seafood is worth it!
<review# 2687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2009,9/3/2009,4164,809,37,31,32>My 100th YELP Review...Aaahhh...yes...San Diego...Ron Burgundy: Discovered by the Germans in 1904, they named it San Diego, which of course in German means a whale's vagina. Veronica Corningstone: No, there's no way that's correct. Ron Burgundy: I'm sorry, I was trying to impress you. I don't know what it means. I'll be honest, I don't think anyone knows what it means anymore. Scholars maintain that the translation was lost hundreds of years ago. Veronica Corningstone: Doesn't it mean Saint Diego? Ron Burgundy: No. No. Veronica Corningstone: No, that's - that's what it means. Really. Ron Burgundy: Agree to disagree. (Hopefully you've seen the movie Anchorman!)I've been living here for about 10 years now:1) THE BEST WEATHER in the US and A!!!2) Great variety of restaurants,  bars, and clubs3) My Mex-American friends tell me the Mexican food here is better than in Mexico...my mouth agrees4) Overall, friendly and laidback folks(except the anti-La Jolla Seals A-holes)5) Traffic is way easier than in LA and the SF Bay Area6) Lots of outdoor activities: Kayaking, Surfing, Cycling, Hiking, etc.7) Finest looking people in the US and A(If you're a San Diegan, just look at yourself in the mirror!)8) I meant to go back to SF after UCSD graduation, but ended up marrying a hot, sexy, & smart  San Diegan. See #7.9) "San Diego" does not actually mean what Ron Burgundy says it is10) The weed here is cheaper than anywhere else in the US and A...not that I would know personally...If the city government weren't so incredibly F$#%ing retarded and filled with corrupted, overpaid douchebags, I would give San Diego a 5 STAR.Ron Burgundy: Scotch, Scotch, I love Scotch!
<review# 2688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,8/31/2009,269,89,7,29,21>Floating on a cloud is no longer a dream!At Float Spa San Diego you will feel sensations that you have never felt in your lifetime.... nothingness.  Imagine that you are in a space suit and you can not see anything or feel any form of gravity and that is what this is like.  You shower before and afterwards so tank is clean, also the solution is filtered often.  The tank is about 8 feet long and there is a saline (salt) solution inside the tank, warmed up to 98 degrees (your natural body temperature) and absolutely pitch black inside.  Shut your eyes or keep them open, it does not matter!  After about 20 minutes of floating and relaxing into a deep state, you start to see colors, as if you were about to begin dreaming, however you are still awake, your brain plays funny tricks on you.  You float on your back and you are not able to turn around because the solution is pushing you to the surface, you just don't have the balance to turn!  Fall asleep if you wish!I will float several times a year and tell anybody about it, I cannot recommend it enough!  Please call them up and talk with Mark (the owner) about it, he is so informative and kind.Honestly, one of the most relaxing and revitalizing feelings I have experienced, don't believe me?  Come see for yourself and I promise, you will be a believer.
<review# 2689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,8/30/2009,252,68,14,16,16>I am impressed.  Seriously impressed.  What do I add when there are already 92 reviews?  Yeah, the decor, ambience, service, food, blah blah blah....everything is FANFREAKINGTASTIC.  CURRY CUPS -- amazingly similar to the "kra tha thong" at Lotus Thai.  The yellow curry flavor is a bit more prominent, and the cups are crispier.  MASAMAN CURRY -- Rich, thick sauce... large chunks of chicken, potato, carrot... thin slivers of onion... Perfect blend of sweet and savory.  PRA RAM -- Absolute best peanut sauce at any Thai place I've ate at...ever.  O-M-G.  If I'm running low on cash I may just go for peanut sauce and jasmine rice.  J/K... well, probably joking.  But it is DANG good.PAD THAI -- Very tasty.  Doesn't blow me away, but pad thai isn't really a "blowing away" type of dish anyway (well, except at Sarika that is).  Heated up very well for leftovers. They have some unique offerings on the menu, such as the Fruity Curry which is definitely intriguing to me and on my "to try" list.  I can't believe that I discovered Lanna Thai and Sarika Thai Kitchen *both* within a week's span... God is GOOD! :-)
<review# 2690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,8/29/2009,67,49,13,16,16>The only thing missing is a velvet rope.It's easy to feel like a VIP here, especially with the beautiful open patio setting complete with shwanky cabanas. Mix in a tapas-style menu with a bunch of friends and you've got yourself a party! I should know, I've been to quite a few here and have pretty much sampled the entire menu. A few standouts are the duck spring rolls, coconut ceviche and (always a crowd-pleaser) tempura sweet potato fries. What I love about the presentation is that when you order multiple dishes, they come out on a tri-level serving tray, which frees up a ton of space when you're throwing back half-price drinks! I can only speak on my after-hour experiences, but I can't wait to try their brunch!
<review# 2691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,8/28/2009,646,294,18,21,16>The name alone is a turn on!  Beef.  and bun.  rawr...My friends used to live at the apartment complex right next to Beef 'N Bun and you better believe whenever I visited them I'd find myself walking the few hundred feet to gnab me a burger and fries!  Sometimes... I'd even just go to Beef 'N Bun and those same friends simultaneously would show up at the same place and catch me ketchup-handed!  Oh... sorry, I just wanted the burger and not your companionship today!That didn't bode well.In any case.What I love about Beef 'N Bun:-the beef!-the bun!-the cheap prices!-quick indoor service!-friendly indoor people!-delicious chocolate/peanut butter shake!-the malts!-comfortable indoor seating!-comfortable outdoor seating!-wonderfully tasty crimp cut french fries!What Beef 'N Bun could do without:-slow ass drive-thru-rude drive-thru attendants-awkward parking lot which you can't get out of if the drive-thru is backed up (which is almost always)-sometimes they overcook the friesThe outdoor seating is quite nice.Sometimes someone from the kitchen area will walk your food out to you.  Is that considered waiter service?  I'm not sure.All in all, Beef 'N Bun holds a special place in my heart, my stomach... and the toilet.  Goes in great, comes out just fine too!
<review# 2692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,8/27/2009,242,85,20,22,21>Is it Tuesday yet?!?!?!?I have yet to find a place with better tacos on tuesday than this place right here...I guess this place would deserve that 3 star rating on any other day, but definitely not on a TUESDAY!!!!All kinds of tacos to choose from.  Texas, Cheeseburger, Buffalo, Mahi, Carnitas, Carne Asada, Crispy Chicken, and so on and so forth!!  Theres gotta be a taco on that list that will satisfy the inner mexican in you!!!  And the chips you get as an appetizer are the best appetizer chips I have ever had.  They are so crispy and fresh and the salsa that comes with it is so gooood....The atmosphere is very fraternity college-ish...Its a crowd that I'm not typically used to (lots of white people) but I don't mind...It's nice to be around a different type of environment once in a while, switch it up a little...Gotta love you white people though!!  Youre so friendly when youre buzzed! LOL.  Plus theyve also got my most favorite beer on tap, PBR!! Pabst Blue Ribbon for those of you that don't know...And the margaritas are huge...One will surely have you feelin loosey goosey...What I also like about the place is that there is a parking lot a few steps away so you don't have to worry about that...But what you do have to worry about is walking past the Whaley House next door!  Spooooky!!  All the more reason to take a girl out on a date here...Be her knight in shining armor and protect her from the ghosts!...On the way back to the car, you can re-enact that scene from michael jacksons thriller!!!!Simply put, if youre thinking about Taco Tuesday, Fred's should be the first place that comes to mind...This place has not failed me yet...WHAT UP FRED!!!!!!!!
<review# 2693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,8/26/2009,353,87,19,22,18>According to Hollywood films; back in the olden days, people would sit in dimly lit, smoky jazz clubs, sip on cocktails named after race-horses, brought to them by tough-talking waitresses; dangerous and provocative, while old men would paint their emotions across the club with seductive sounds of brass, woodwind, bass and percussion.  Nowadays, San Diego has the Onyx Room on Tuesday nights.The club is located below street level, and the atmosphere inside is very nice and modern with faux plant roots coming through the ceiling and a very inviting lounge area with lots of couches. It really feels nothing like a jazz club of yesteryear that I only know from the silver screen, but that is because The Onyx Room doubles as night club that is usually well stocked with people in shiny clothing.  The decor is perfect for this kind of arrangement however.The main room where the jazz show takes place is pretty appropriate for the music.  There is a wide and open stage, and there are tables and booths to sit at.  If you wait patiently a cocktail waitress will come around and bring you drinks.  For the Gaslamp, I found the prices of the drinks to be very reasonable at five dollars for a beer, although their selection was somewhat limited.  There is nice dark lighting and the booths are relatively comfortable.  The music is really good and legit; the musicians are very talented and play the classic standards with a passion.  This is the kind of show you go to where you want to let yourself become immersed in the music.  This is not really a show to go to if you find the need to chit-chat a lot during shows.As a side note, I noticed that the bathroom attendant had an iPhone and was playing on it when I came in.  "Well, they must be paying you pretty well as a restroom attendant, what, to have an iPhone and all" I remarked as he thrust some paper towels in my direction."Yea I do all right" the young attendant smirked"Wow, you seem to be doing good in this economy.  Maybe I should look into a career change"No tip for you i-attendant.  That bathroom attendant probably wants to kill me.
<review# 2694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,8/25/2009,720,560,20,28,24>The first TATTOOEveryone always says that your body is a temple and has to be worshipped and not desecrated.  But it's my body, I will do want to it what I want to.  As I shopped around for someone to be able to create the original photo of my puppy's early year, it was hard for some to sketch and do it justice.  I guess portraits are a specialty for some.Until I hit upon Avalon 2, I have read the reviews and of course I trusted them enough.  However, when I first contacted one of their more popular Tattoo artist, Fip, his recommended artist was also unavailable for another 2 weeks.  I was ready now so I decided to go up there and check out if anyone can do the portrait of Apricot justice.  At first, since I was wanting this done sooner, Mike who talked to me when I entered the shop said he was not available until Mon this week.  I wanted to get it done over the weekend and Mike asked two other tatoo artists if they can do it.  Signs of a good tattoo parlor, honesty, they said they cannot do it or were not good enough to do it.  So I made an appointment with Mike when he was best available.On the day of the appointment, Mike showed me the sketch first and I thought it was a great approximation but it was only a sketch, the question on my mind was how it turned out as a tattoo. I decided to put it on my chest, the area closest to my heart.  Besides my partner and family, Apricot is the nearest and dearest to my heart despite his stubbornness sometimes.The tattoo only took more than an hour, Mike advised me to relax and I did.  Sure for my first tattoo, I thought it would really hurt but there was highs and lows in pain but you learn to relax which was very important.  After Mike completed the tattoo, I stood in front of the mirror and saw the art on my skin.  It was a good approximation.  I wouldn't say it was exactly the photo but it was recognizable to be my Apricot and that was the most important and the work was good.Thanks Mike, I appreciate that my first tattoo experience was original and smooth.  If I save some more ducats, I will try for something bolder and bigger next time.  :-)  I would give them 5 stars but a tattoo is still not cheap so I fully recommend the place with the understanding, quality comes with a cost.
<review# 2695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,8/24/2009,722,527,39,28,30>in the Hulkster's voice - circa 1986 - WWF Saturday Night's Main Event:********Well, yah know Mean Gene, these tacos are intense, **HERCULES POSE**Here's how i feed the Largest Arms in the World Bruther **DOUBLE ARM BICEP FLEX**- Adobada Tacos are Body Slam Good... just how Andre the Giant would slam it...- Surf and Turf Burrito will Pile Drive you into next week - Rick Rude style...- Suplex that Grilled Mahi taco for some good eats...Mr. Perfect would totally Perfect-plex it... P E R F E C T.- the DDT Loaded Baked Potatoe was so good, Jake the Snake approves... - Free Chips and AMAZING Salsas - Oh Yeah!!! - Macho man digs it...- Horchata and Sodas to make Bobby the Brain Hennan and Tito Santana love it...So for all you little HULKAMANIACS out there, bruther... Whatchya gonna do?!?!? When Lucha Libre Tacos run all over youuuuuuuuuuu ! ! ! ! **queue MUSIC/GESTURE: Listens for the pop of the crowd - then POSE DOWN!!!!
<review# 2696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2008,8/23/2009,123,209,14,16,15>About 23 minutes into an episode of Seinfeld, while pondering why vice-presidential nominee, Sarah Palin, looks so much like 'Elaine'... I looked over to Apryl and asked, "What should we have for dinner?""Hmmmm." She responded while glancing over to me."How about Wings 'n Things?" I asked. Upon finishing the sentence, I could instantly see that I had just read her mind. We've eaten WNT before. Maybe twice. It's always a good choice. The sauce is deliciously spicy. They pour liberal amounts of their Buffalo sauce onto every single fried chicken strip, thus insuring that each little crevice is doused in fiery Buffalo magma. Smelling the open box of chicken strips burns the nostrils and causes your eyes to well up with tears, tears of both excitement and horror. The chicken is always firm and moist.Each order comes with a little baggy full celery and carrots. The vegetables are always fresh and full of cool water, a welcomed sensation after your tongue has gone three rounds in a steel cage death match against hot sauce.Their ranch is amazing. I'm a bit of a ranch connoisseur, if you will. I'd definitely rate it in the top five best tasting ranch dressings in the world. It breaks the top five of best tasting dairy products, only slightly beating breast milk by a fraction of a point.Don't forget the bread sticks. WNT bread sticks are often compared to the bread sticks that Pat & Oscar's serves up. Given the choice, I would go with WNT's bread sticks. They are consistently delicious. They are always soft and buttery, always great when combined with the ranch.I would suggest this place to anyone looking for delicious Buffalo strips for dinner and an interesting morning after.
<review# 2697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,3/30/2009,353,87,14,15,12>I used to go to Denny's all the time when I was a kid; every time we would visit my grandparents in Stockton (the urinal of California, I don't care if you are from Stockton), we would eat at Denny's... Everytime.  This must be the reason why I sometimes still like to go to Denny's for a greasy meal; and as I like to say: "The Old Mill Cafe is like Denny's, but better."I went with my amiga Laurel T. as she is known on yelp, or ol' Goose-a-muno, as she is known by others.  I ordered a nice simple breaky, with eggy-weggys, bacon, and potatoes served shredded and fried.  Like Denny's, if you stick to something simple and classic, you are going to get a pretty good meal served in big portions at a reasonable price.  The service is good, and they even offer you a chance to win 500 dollars...  Ooooo I hope I win.... 500 dollars could buy a lot of food at the ol' Old Mill Cafe.We both finished up our large greasy portions, which was a good thing as we would be needing a lot of energy for a day of shopping and manicures!  Unfortunately the manicures never happened  :-/
<review# 2698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,3/29/2009,422,258,25,30,27>They say everything is big in Texas.  Apparently, Abbey's aims to continue that tradition here in Kearny Mesa.This unassuming storefront is nestled into a strip mall, where, unless you knew about it, you'd never even give it a second glance.  It looks like it could be just another taco shop or fast-food Chinese place.  In other words, an almost complete waste of time.But to view it as such would be a Texas-sized mistake.  You see, this restaurant doesn't just serve grilled meat.  They have their own wood smoker, and they truly do Texas-style barbecue.  They will even let you bring in your own meat and they'll cook it for you.  (Keeping in mind, of course, that a good smoking takes several hours.)The prices are reasonable, and they serve the 'Cue in a variety of manners.  Straight, open or close-faced sandwiches, with or without sauce, and even with coleslaw if you so desire.  The flavor is excellent, and the cuts of meat are tender and wonderfully well-seasoned.But the thing to watch out for is the Texas-sized portions.  A half-rack of pork ribs is an entire meal.  Two mini-sliders is enough to feed a family of 4.  And one of their 2 or 3-meat combos could probably provide sustenance for a Marine battalion, or one hungry teenager.The service is okay, but you need to be paying attention to whose name is being called.  Because you order at the counter, and then wait for your name to be called, it's easy to get engrossed in conversation with your dining companions and miss hearing your name being called out from behind the counter.One last thing to note: parking is scarce.  VERY scarce.  The majority of the lot is marked as 30-Minute Only.  You can sometimes find parking back behind the building, but you may have to walk a little ways to get around to the front.Bottom line: If they could handle the whims of the Kearny Mesa Lunch Bunch, they can probably handle yours with the greatest of ease.
<review# 2699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,3/28/2009,432,198,22,13,16>When I get that feeling, I want Spiritual Healing, Spiritual...Healing!!Yes when I do get the urge to get my Name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy spirit on I hit up Corpus Christi Parish.Back then this place was lucky if it saw me those two times a year(Easter & Christmas)Nowadays I'm actually here more often. I love sitting in the "extra seating section" off to the side. It gives me an excuse to watch the Plasma TV hanging up on the wall (no ESPN just a live recording of mass) If Father Pat is doin the service you're in for a treat. (This guy got jokes!..oh and during football season he always has something to say about Our Chargers!!...cuz he's a Cowboys fan..ehhhh!!)Good:- Friendly faces to shake hands and offer Peace to- Plasma TV- Extra Seating all around the main area- Funny Priests- endless supply of "Body of Christ" (I swear one cup fed the whole section and then some)- at the end of mass they sell Donuts for a buck!Bad:- parking lot can get full (park on the street)- I'm not about to say anything else bad about the House of God!!Ugly:- ok yes I am gonna say something ugly about this church (please don't get mad Jesus!)But the pictures that are hanging inside (the ones I'm always staring at) look really weird. These are the paintings of the Iconic Figures. They are supposed to give me an idea of what they looked like. But really, why does Jesus, Mary, and Joseph look like a cross between Simpson Characters and Legos?Best part about leaving church??...you feel spiritualized and its time to EAT!!
<review# 2700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,3/27/2009,293,202,18,24,21>YES!Brain freeze!There's finally a frozen yogurt place walking distance in my neighborhood!  Sure, there's too many fro yo places popping up in San Diego but North Park needed one! Their first day open (Sat), they were handing out free fro yo which is most generous if you ask me.  The people working here are very nice and kept encouraging me to go back to try more free samples of stuff.  I remembered the taro tart being good.  The dulce de leche tasted like buttered flavored popcorn jelly bellys (are you taking notes zitbo?)  They even had smoothies, boba, and other asiany type drinks.For more frozen yogurt than I could eat, it set me back only $2.  I didn't forget to get a stamp card because this place is definitely going to be on heavy rotation.p.s. they have cookie crisp cereal!  i haven't had these since half days in kindergarten!
<review# 2701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,3/26/2009,498,262,18,19,19>LOVE the stick. Somehow I wind up here every Christmas eve. I'm not sure how that works out but whatever. I spend quite a bit of time here aside from the holidays as well. I am a big fan of their grilled cheese sandwiches served on a burger bun and their cajun seasoned french fries. They pretty much have the best bar food in all of OB. Great beer on tap and low prices. They serve BIG bottles of Bud which I really appreciate on my broke days when I'm just going out for "a beer." I dig the smoking patio. The ladies restroom is very odd and seems to be an afterthought. The bartenders are always nice and there is usually a certain hott Boston boy there ;).
<review# 2702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,3/25/2009,127,251,28,58,60>Plain and simple: THIS HOSPITAL AND STAFF SAVED MY LIFE.When I was 13 years old (yes, this review is LONG overdue), I was walking home from school. I had to cross a major street (Pomerado Road) to get home. While crossing with the light, I noticed a lady in a Jeep Grand Cherokee speeding towards me. I ran back onto the sidewalk. She had the same idea about where she should go, as she tried to go behind me. We met on the sidewalk. I was running. She was going 50 miles per hour. When we collided, the imprint of my jeans was pressed into the dirt on her bumper (I might add that I BROKE her bumper). I flew up into the air, hit the metal pole of the traffic light, and came down on a barbed wire fence. Luckily, the barbed wire fence held me in place. The lady was in shock and rolled to a stop in the field bordered by the fence; looking at the police report pictures, you can see from the tire marks that had I moved, she would have run me over while she was rolling. Bystanders immediately pulled over with blankets, cell phones, you name it. Some of them had to hold me down, as I was in shock and kept trying to get up, telling them, "I have to go home! I need to get home!" Then, I passed out.I was listed as being in critical condition for a short period of time before my status improved. During that time, the hospital staff hooked me up to IVs, gave me a partial blood transfusion to make up for blood I'd lost (internal bleeding, as you can imagine!), and stabilized me. I was taken to Children's Hospital even though I was mere blocks away from Pomerado Hospital, because the trauma center at Children's Hospital is top-notch.I must literally bow down to the first nurse who cleaned me up after I was stabilized. My mother tells me that she was SO gentle. My entire mouth was full of dirt (thank goodness for my braces, or I'd probably have had my teeth knocked out!), my eyes were a punched shade of black, and my face and body were scraped. I have NO scars on my face, and I thank that dear nurse for cleaning my wounds so carefully and gently.I still remember how wonderful the morphine euphoria was. No wonder they took me off so quickly! Opium is a hell of a drug!All of the staff was incredibly kind to me, and the doctors and nurses who first stabilized me, although I was unconscious when we "met," will forever have a place in my heart. Any staff that can save a girl who had a concussion, internal bleeding, bruised kidneys, a lacerated liver, and 5 pelvic fractures, is worthy of every star and word of praise I can throw their way. I remember on the last day of my 8-day stay at Children's Hospital, most of the doctors and nurses who had helped me came in to say good-bye and wish me well. I wish that I could have told them what I'm telling my fellow Yelpers; I wish that I could have said, "THANK YOU!" a million times. I'm here today because of them. I'm married, I have a daughter, and I have lived through so many amazing and precious moments that would have never existed had it not been for the people at Children's Hospital. If any of them are reading this today, I just want to say, THANK YOU.
<review# 2703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,3/24/2009,318,307,27,19,20>Dear Mr. Walsh, Did you put sex in your food?  Seriously speaking, every time i took a bite of your incredible food i was having a foodgasim.  The look of my face as the taste lingered in my mouth was like a naughty hand going up my nicely hiked skirt.  It felt so dirty, yet it felt so so good!  It started with the grilled focaccia bread with a sun dried tomato goat cheese spread, and a nice 3 olive tapenade.  It was amazing as the flavors came together nicely .  the Tapenade was not oily and over salted like i have had in other restaurants.  It was perfectly done with you. Being Spanish i pay careful detail on how olives are being served to me.  Bite you made me happy with your amazing Tapenade.   The sun dried tomato goat cheese was also done nicely.  Both flavors did not dominate each other, the tomato complemented the richness of the goat cheese perfectly. Next i had the Pork tenderloin with a berry gastric, buttered red baby potatoes and baby carrots.  All so perfectly seasoned.  I am the type of person who doesnt want to see salt and pepper on the table because i trust my Chef knows how to season the food.   Trusting this chef is a great idea!  I was not at all disappointed.  The pork was cooked medium well, however still succulent and juicy.  Not dry like many other places like to serve their meat.  The berry gastric, (if my palate was correct) was blueberry and cranberry both sweetened to perfection not allowing the sauce to be the best part. However, the combination of both the sauce and the pork, would make your mouth tingle with excitement.  Finally the last touch of my meal was the dessert, I got the chocolate cake with the vanilla bean gelato.  Im glad i did.  All i can say is foodgasim over and over and over!  For drinks I recommend the Champagne cocktail with their home made pomegranate syrup.  During happy hour they are half off and well worth it! Oh Mr. Walsh you have my heart and now my stomach.  You sir have accomplished something that no man has been able to do and that is satisfy my craving of amazing food congratulations!
<review# 2704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,3/23/2009,720,560,25,27,26>Potluck Day so I need to shop for my ingredients which are pretty simple for an Asian cook.  Pork, Fish Sauce, Hot Banana Peppers, etc.  Headed towards my local Ralphs hoping to get most of my ingredients including the main one, Pork Blood.  Most of the items were found except the Pork Blood which I guess is not a regular staple in major supermarkets.  I already had a weird selection of goods at Ralphs, fish sauce, pork, ice cream, water, hot banana peppers, jalapeno peppers. I received advice from the meat counter that they do not sell pork blood, try Sausage King in Mission Hills (tried calling no ans)Well Asian dish, try our friendly Asian markets so I head off to Ranch 99 with my trusty gps searching for the place.  I just called for the address after trying to find out whether they carried frozen Pork Blood.  The meat dept acknowledged they had pork blood but when I asked if it was frozen, I was given the comment I had to talk to the frozen dept.  I just decided to go anyway and check for myself.Arriving at Ranch 99 expecting heavy parking traffic, it was actually alright (around 9 am) and I found a nice spot close to the entrance.  I guess its not as busy as it used to be.  And the place looks the same as the last time I visited (several months ago).  The best thing about this place is that it carries most of what you need and you can even purchase some hot food to go.  Fresh seafood etc as well as products from your native Asian country.I was also amazed at the presence of non Asian customers on that early of the day.  Sure the Asians go to this place for their standard Asian products including staples like rice, Asian vegetables, prepacked products native to their country, KimChi, shrimp fry, chinese and pilipino sausages.  I am afraid that the more time I spend on this place, the more I spend for the good old products I like.  Of the shopping list, I found another brand of fish sauce so I bought that here, I found the Pork Blood and it was what I would say coagulated not in liquid form.  Since it was fresh, I went for it. As I checked out, I noticed how the cashiers all wore gloves.  I understand it better since they handle various smelly products as well as possibly icky stuff!After leaving Ranch 99 today, I long to return again so I can get my favorite pilipino food products again.  Longanisa for breakfast will be coming soon again!By the way I cooked a traditional Filipino dish called dinuguan (blood stew).  The blood I bought needed to be liquid so I made do by just draining some of the broth through the blood and the taste and color of the pork blood.  Don't knock it until you tried it. Recommended highly if you want to look for an Asian item without venturing to National City, Mira Mesa or Chula Vista (this is in Kearny Mesa area)
<review# 2705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,3/22/2009,229,111,17,26,28>As a part of some recent renovations along Palm Avenue, the City of Imperial Beach has added a unique and fitting art installation along the street as you near the beach: Surfboards!But unlike other installation projects in some cities where artists decorate a blank surface, the IB project is different... in a very intelligent way. The surfboards are metal silhouettes of famous board shapes. Inside the outline, they post information about the size, shaper, and year. (I added a couple photos above).The boards lead down the sidewalk of Palm Avenue to a new statue at the end of the street, right at the beach. It is of a man and a surfboard.This is just a great project for a city so steeped in surf culture. I like how they made it their own. I love how it is beautiful, industrial, and educational. It is good for locals, tourists, and business owners. Bravo and 5 stars!
<review# 2706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,3/21/2009,280,432,12,12,12>It was this past Monday and it was cold.He: Pizza Nova?Me jus shaking my head yes!Host/server/bartender/busperson: Just two?Me: Yes, can we sit outside?HSBB: (bewildered) uuhhhh, yeah...Me: I'm just kidding...it's too cold.This place is interesting to watch people.  IT'S JUST PIZZA!  Two words:  Garlic BallsThat is the best way to describe them.  I wonder if one of the deciding factors was to open this shop in Hillcrest.  Sometimes you can fit one in your mouth.....We usually split an order of the linguine with pesto and sundried tomatoes and a 10" Thai chicken pizza.  Today we also ordered the house salad which came with cranberries, carmelized walnuts, gorgonzola cheese and tossed in a apple cider vinaigrette.  I would probably order the larger salad next time as a meal.  It's a great combination of flavors.The only problem is that their iced tea is weak.  I mean, it's either watered down or made with small tea bags.  The service was very pleasant.  The guy was the only one working and managed to keep an eye on all his tables while keeping a cheerful attitude.  I've had their fettucine with chicken and mushrooms, which is a favorite of mine.  It's sort of like a chicken marsala, but the sauce is made with garlic and cream.  But the partner is not a mushroom fan, so I can never order it, unless I'm a selfish little shit and order it anyway and not share.We've never done the desserts because they seem ordinary.  It is a pleasant atmosphere, and comfortable enough for those heterosexuals that wander in.  Sometimes I wonder if they've ever ventured out of their comfort zones.  I'm sure I'd never see them down at La Posta on Washington.
